VOLUME LXXXIV.- NO. 169.
SPAIN WILL NOT
RECEDE FROM
HER POSITION
Unless the Desired Concessions
fire Made No Treaty of
Peace Will Be Sigoed.
Uncle San) in No Mind for Further Dilly-dally
ing — May Resort Again to Arms
and Seize tl}e Philippines.
MADRID, Nov. 15.— According to semi-official statements here
the Spanish Peace Commissioners will maintain their pres
ent attitude in regard to the Philippine Islands and will ccr r
tainly not accept the conditions of the United States. Fur
ther, if the discussion does not return to the limits of the protocol,
as viewed by the Spaniards, the Spanish Commissioners have de
cided in spite of contrary reports not to sign a treaty of peace.
It is also learned from the same sources that complete accord
prevails between the Spanish Government and its Peace Commis
sioners.
SPANIARDS ARE TREADING
ON TREACHEROUS GROUND
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.—Adminis
tration officials do not share the opin
ion expressed in some quarters that the
Paris Peace Commission will fail in its
efforts to agree upon a treaty. This
opinion is not based upon any specific
information received from Paris, but
rather upon the fact that by withdraw
ing from the conference Spain has
u>>thing to gain and all to lose.
It is undoubtedly true that should
the Spaniards adopt this course they
■would sacrifice ttie indemnity this Gov
ernment is now disposed to grant, and
would also precipitate trouble for
themselves all along the line. The
United States undoubtedly would im
mediately take forcible possession of
the entire Philippine group and at
once enter upon a military and naval
campaign, which would end only upon
an unconditional surrender of what
ever territory this Government might
see fit to demand.
It is believed that the United States
at this time would consent to a cash
payment of from $20,000,000 to $25,000,
000 rather than renew the war, but the
longer a final settlement is delayed tha
smaller will be the indemnity. In any
event, the President is not disposed to
brook unnecessary prolongation of the
negotiations, and it is believed has so
Indira teil to our Peace Commissioners.
SYNDICATE SCHEME VIEWED
AS A SPANISH RUSE
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Inquiry
has been made int<> the character of the
projectors of the remarkable syndicate
scheme for the purchase of the Philip
pines for the sum of $400,000,000. The
result has been to show that they are
irresponsible parties and it is scarcely
to be doubted that the project has been
put forward as a means of enhancing
the price which the Spaniards may de
mand for the relinquishment of the
Philippines. In other words, the Span
iards might claim justification for de
manding a sum as large as $200,000,000
if they could point to the fact that a
syndicate stood ready to pay double
that price for the islands.
MAY HAVE TO TEACH
FILIPINOS A LESSON
SEATTLE, Nov. 15.— Captain John
Barneson, commander of the United
States transport Arizona, arrived here
to-day from Manila on leave of ab
senco.
Captain Barneson left Manila Rep
temher 24. He said the general im-
I>". estion among army officers was thai
•when the Peace Commission cono'uded
its labors the United States troops will
hiiv* serious trouble with the natives.
Adrrrral Dewey told him that Agui
raldo was not only unreliable but
treacherous. It is said that Aguinaldo
has promised his men that immediate
ly upon the withdrawal of the Span
'ards he would declare war against the
United States.
He says he will kill off American sol
diers faster than the United States
Government can ship them to the is-
Captain Barneson stated that there is
a difference of opinion between the
naval and military men regarding the
r?tention of the Philippines. The naval
ner. strongly favor and military offi
cers oppose the proposition.
«.
CUBA MUST BE CLEAR OF
SPANIARDS JANUARY 1
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— The Gov
ernment has renewed and strength
ened its determination that the Span
ish evacuation of Cuba and the Ameri
can occupation shall not be deferred
beyond January 1 next. This conclu
sion has been communicated to the
Spanish Government within the last
few days, in answer to an urgent re
quest that the date of evacuation be
put off, because the large number of
Spanish troops remaining on the island
could not be moved before January 1.
SIGNIFICANT ORDERS TO
THE SPANISH FLEET
LONDON. Nov. 16.— The Daily Gra
phic says this morning:
"The Spanish trans-Atlantic fleet has
been ordered to be prepared for ;i rt
newaJ c£ hostilities, and the forts in
the Canary Islands are being rapidly
manned "
MARTINELLI HAS NOT
HEARD OF THE DECREE
Knows Nothing of the Reported Ac
tion of the Pope Regarding
Burial of Masons.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— The "Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: The report that Aigr. Marti
nellf. papal delegate In this city, had
been Informed that the Pope had placed
# ban on Father Zurcher's book and had
Special Dispatch to The CaH
I issued a decree permitting priests to
bury Mason?, was called to the attention
of Pr. Rooker, Secretary of the Legation,
this evening.
"We have received no information about
these reports," said Dr. Rooker. "All we
know about them is what we have seen
in the newspapers. Even if Father Zur
chcr's book had been condemned, we
would have no official knowledge about it.
In such case Fatber Zurcher would be no
tified of the papal decree. I believe a
priest whose book is condemned is given
n year in which to submit whatever he
wlsnes to say about it and to destroy
copies of the book he is able to secure
from circulation. A priest, before print
ing a book, must submit it to the bishop
of the diocese in which it is to be printed
and must have the imprimature of the
bishop.
"So far as the decree regarding the
burial of Masons is concerned, we know
nothing of it. No Catholic can be a
Freemason, and the church Is not in the
habit of burying people who are not Cath
olics."
SCHLEY IS IMPRESSED
WITH PORTO RICO
Rear Admiral Thinks the Future Has
Great Things in Store for
the Island.
"WASHINGTON. Nov. 15. — Admiral
Sehley. who Is in Washington, said to The
Call correspondent to-day:
"I. am greatly impressed with Porto
Rico. I think it has. under the domina
tion of the I'nited States, a brilliant fu
ture. Of course the industries of the isl
and are not developed as fully as they
would be under our system of govern
ment and with our energy. It will be nec
essary first to educate the people to the
new regime, for the reason that 400 years
of Spanish domination have established,
not only the customs, but the language
and methods of the political government,
which are largely at variance with our
system of government. It is the contrast
of day and night. Much Is to be said,
however, in favor of the people of Porto
Rico. They are peaceable and gentle and
entirely unaccustomed to war, and I think
could be easily molded to our way of do
ing things. There was a very marked
feeling of gratification plainly visible
among the native Porto Ricans at the
evacuation of the Spanish army.
"I think Porto Ricans, having enjoyed
a longer period of freedom from devastat
ing wars, are in much better condition for
progress than the Cubans. The former
will yield much more readily to the new
order of things than the latter," conclud
ed the Admiral.
PROMINENT MASONS
AT THE WHITE HOUSE
Invite the President to Take Part in
George Washington Centen
nial Ceremonies.
"WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— A committee
of prominent Masons, including Senator
Daniel of Virginia and Assistant Secre
tary Allen of the Navy Department, call
ed at the White House to-day and invited
the President to take part in the cere
monies which will mark the centennial
of the death of George Washington. .
The address presented to the President
recites that the Grand Lodge of Masons
of Virginia, with the request of the Grand
Lodge of the State of Colorado, have de
termined to mark the centennial of the
death of President Washington by suit
able Masonic ceremonies at Mount Ver
non on December 14, 1899. In these ser
vices and ceremonies the Grand Lodge of
A lrginia will have the co-operation of the
Grand Lodges of the District of Colum
bia, and probably of all the Grand Lodges
n the United States, and many. of those
in foreign lands. The observances at
Mount Vernon will consist as nearly as
possible of a duplication or reproduction
of the funeral ceremonies of December 18,
1799.
Th e v, Preslde nt a ur e<l the committee
that- he was in full sympathy with the
project, and Jf nothing occurred to pre- !
vent, he would gladly, take such part in
the services as the committee might wish.
SUICIDE AT DENVER.
Prominent Club and Society Man
Shoots Himself.
DENVER, Nov. 15.— Arthur "Van Inwa
gen, a member of the Denver Athletic
Club and a prominent society man shot
himself in the head, inflicting- a' fatal
wound, in a bathroom in the club build
ing this morning. He was 25 years of ape
and came from Chicago a year agr>. No
cause for the suicide is known.
SICKNESS DECREASING.
Encouraging Dispatch Sent
prom Manila by Gen
eral Otis.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 15. — The
following dispatch has been re
ceived at the War Department:
MANILA, Nov. 15, 1898.—Secre
tary of War, Washington, D. C. :
Health conditions are improving.
Only six deaths in last eight days.
Sick reported decreased. Five fe
male nurses of the Red Cross are
doing excellent work in hospitals
here. Twenty competent female
nurses vho give strict attention to
work would render beneficial ser
vice. OTIS.
Cannot Rescue the Teresa.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Captain Mc-
Calla, after txamining the Teresa, has
wired the Navy Department that, in
his opinion, it will be impossible to res
cue the ship.
The San Francisco Call
BRECKINRIDGE'S
LOW ESTIMATE
OF SHAFTER
Intimated His Superior's Talents
Were Inadequate to the
Situation.
Declared That Results Before Santiago Would
Have Been Different if General Miles
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15. — Gen
eral Breckinridge's testimony to
day dealt with the campaign in Cuba
and the transportation of troops to that
island. He had, he said, gone to Cuba
as inspector general. Arriving at
Tampa on the sth of June, he had ob
served casually the preparations for the
disembarkation of troops before the ex
pedition left and had concluded that
they were quite inadequate.
"I made no report, however," he said,
"as General Miles was on the ground
and could observe for himself."
He was questioned at some length
concerning the conduct of the cam
i paign in front of Santiago, and replied
that the result was what he had ex
pected it would be. Everything there,
| he said, was strained to get men on
board, and, consequently, there was
comparatively little effort to secure
! equipment. While he knew nothing
: definitely of the plans of the campaign,
he was sure there was some plan. He
| was quite certain, from a conversation
i he had with General Miles, that he had
] a plan, though he did not say that this
| was the plan carried into effect.
"Of course," suggested Governor
! Beaver, "Santiago was the goal of the
j campaign?"
"Certainly."
Asked as to his opinion of the result
of the campaign, he said he thought it
was consistent with the character of
the men who conducted it — what was to
1 be expected from the limitations of
General Shatter.
"I think it would have been differ
ent," he said, "if General Miles had
been in command— ffcat it would have
been more satisfactorily conducted. I
think he has more of the spark and
genius of command than any man in
the army, and I am sure that if he had
had charge he would have been in the
front rank."
Ex-Governor Woodbury suggested
that the battle in front of San Juan
had been fought and the victory won
within eight days of landing.
General Breckinridge in reply said
the victory had been won "when Gen
eral Toral's nerve gave out." This, he
continued, had been the war of all
others when success had been won in
its earliest stages. He believed that
the war was the Lord's war, and that
this wonderful success was due to his
supervision. The time for the battle
was, however, short enough. Yet, it
must be remembered that the distance
between the battlefield and Sibony was
less than half a day's march, but, while
he considered the result as marvelous
ly commendable, he did not feel that
General Shafter was above criticism in
the conduct of the campaign. He could
not believe the result was a miracle,
but he ascribed the outcome to the fact
that the ai.ny was one which was ca
pable of meeting all calls.
"No matter how it was tangled up,"
he said, "it went to victory."
He had at the time quoted Lord
Beresford, when he said to his army
upon a certain occasion:
"I have led you into a devil of a fix,
and it is now your duty to fight like
hell to get me out of it."
He was sure, at least, that all en
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1898
MAJOR GENERAL JOSEPH C. BRECKJNRIDGE.
Had Commanded.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General McCook asked General
Breckinridge if he had visited General
Shafter in his tent when the latter was
ill at Santiago, and General Breckin
ridge replied that he had done so.
"Did he then offer the command of
the army to you, as has been reported
in the press?"
General Breckinridge replied:
■ "I very much prefer not to answer
that question. You should ask General
Shafter. Such a conversation as oc
curred between General Shafter and
myself on that occasion is not of a
character to be spoken of lightly. I
fail to see how a reply from me would
promote the object of your inquiry. You
want to know what General Shafter
did, not what he may have thought of
doing. If General Shafter has not re
peated the conversation, I ought not to
do so."
"As a matter of fact, he did not turn
the command over to you?" suggested
Governor Beaver, \o which General
Breckinridge responded:
"No, he did not, and I do not think
there is any impropriety in my saying
that he could not have done so."
With this the matter was allowed to
drop and General Breckinridge was ex
cused.
Dr. William G. Weaver of the Ninth
Pennsylvania Volunteers proved an im
portant witness. Dr. Weaver said that
typhoid had broken out about the 18th
of June, and that it had increased from
that time until the 20th of August.
There had been about 600 cases of this
disease in^the regiment and twenty
eight or thirty deaths. The doctor
said there was an insufficient supply of
drugs, and that at times he failed to
get what was needed. He said that
at one time there were flfty-six typhoid j
patients in the regimental hospital, be
cause there was no accomodation for
them in the division hospital. At an
other time there were sixty-seven fever
patients in the company tents, for
whom admission could not be secured
in any hospital, division or regimental.
In summing up the causes of dis
eases in the camp, Dr. Weaver includ
ed overwork of the men as one. He
also expressed the opinion that the
water from Chickamauga Creek was
polluted. He considered the water in
this stream as hardly fit to bathe in,
much less to drink.
gaged in the war had acted with zeal,
and every man had done the best of
which he was capable, and he had
never known a war in which there was
not criticism at the close of it.
Resuming his remarks of a general
character, General Breckinridge ex
pressed the opinion that there had not
been enough fighting to obscure other
results common to war. He thought
that the evils which had been experi
enced were inevitable under our Ameri
can system. He condemned this system
as most reprehensible and said the vol
unteer soldier must always suffer the
worst of the consequences.
"If the regular stands up under it bet
ter than the volunteer, it is only be
cause he has had time to adjust him
self to the unfavorable conditions."
He traced all the trouble to the want
of preparation and mobilization in time
of peace and that, in turn, to the failure
of Congress to appropriate the neces
sary money for reforms.
Replying to a question from Mr.
Woodbury, he said that, considering
the system, he thought the Government
"has done far better in its conduct of
the war than anybody had expected,
and just about one-fourth as well as
it should have done."
FORTHCOMING
MESSAGE OF
MR. McKINLEY
Much Will Be Left to
Congress.
RECOMMENDATIONS ARE FEW
NO STATED POLICY AS TO NEW
ACQUISITIONS.
Will Favor a Large Increase in the
Navy and the Revival of the
Grade of Admiral for
I>ewey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Those who have been ex
pecting President McKinley to make
specific recommendations in his annual
message to Congress as to the future
form of government of the territory
wrested from Spain will probably be
disappointed.
The message, now well under way,
will, I understand, point out that it is
too early yet to reach a decision in this
matter. The President appreciates that
Congress will desire to have a voice in
I shaping the policy in regard to the fu
| ture control of the Philippines and
! Porto Rico; that congressional com
j missions will probably be appointed to
; visit these new possessions and to in
vestigate and report upon the condi
tions in each island, and he is perfectly
willing that ample time should be al
lowed for all this to be done. It is his
purpose to have the conquered islands
continued under strong military gov
ernment pending a definite conclusion
by the executive and Congress as to the
future of these islands. He considers
it will take at least a year to enable
the American people to determine what
our relations should be toward the new
SITE OF THE NEW TERMINAL, OF THE VALLEY ROAD.
possessions. That the Islands may be
kept out of politics as much as possi
ble it is his purpose to have all islands
governed by military forces, and with
this idea in view army officers will be
assigned to perform all civil as well
as military functions.
The President will not recommend
any legislation affecting the tariff and
currency systems of Cuba, Porto Rico
or the Philippines. It is the present
purpose of the administration to allow
these recent possessions of Spain to re
main under military control for at least
a year, during which time the relations
which the islands are to bear to the
United States can be settled and all
their needs and conditions carefully
considered.
It is said that in the meantime there
will be no changes in regard to cur
rency or tariffs, for while the newly
acquired territor"- is under military
control, the President, as commander
in-chief of the army and navy, is an
absolute autocrat, and by military or
ders can institute new financial and
revenue systems at will. By this course
the administration will keep the sub
ject of currency and bank reform be
fore the country until the first meet
ing of the Fifty-sixth Congress, with
its Republican majority in both houses,
when the task of correcting the evils
of the present monetary system will be
taken up in earnest.
Revenfle revision is not to be recom
mended to Congress by the President
or the Secretary of the Treasury. The
expenditures of the Government are
now far in excess of the receipts, and
will probably continue to be so for some
time even after the formal conclusion
of peace with Spain. Secretary Gage
will advise some minor amendments to
the war revenue law, chiefly of an ad
ministrative character, but the whole
subject of revision of the currency to
conform to the changed situation of the
country will be left for the next Con
gress, when it will be more definitely
known what the situation will be.
The army reorganization will con
template at least 100,000 men. There
is no reason to believe that any recom
mendation will be made as to a dif
ferent basis of organization, that in
force now being considered compact
and complete and satisfactory. But a
departure will be made as relates to
what is recommended touching the
army in Cuba and the use to be made
of the native army, with a gradual ;id
mixture of Cuban troops with United
States troops. This will involve, ac
cording to the recommendation, the or
ganization of a regiment on the island
on a basis at first of one battalion of
Cuban troops to two battalions cf
THE SANTA FE
HAS SECURED
ITS TERMINAL
Harbor Commissioners Yesterday
Assigned Slip 28 to the Com
pany for Dock Purposes.
Thirty Lots on the Water Front Between
Spear and Main Streets Purchased by
the Santa Fe People for
Their Yards.
THE Harbor Commissioners yes
terday granted to the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
Company slip No. 28, lying to the
east of Main-s:reet wharf
and west of the space now occupied by
the two floating drydocks. as a freight
terminal for its line. This action on
the part of the commissioners means
the consummation of one of the largest
railroad deals that has taken place in
this State.
Recently the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railwa/ purchased the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railway, and it was through the latter
road that the application was made to
the Harbor Commissioners for the priv
ilege of a terminal. Yesterday at the
regular meeting, of the commissioners
Captain A. H. Payson appeared on be
half of the Valley road and presented
the following communication:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. Nov. 15. 1898.
The State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners—Gentlemen: The San Francisco
and San Joaqutn Valley Railway Com
pany has made arrangements for the pur
chase on the water front of block 328, be
tween Main and Spear streets, together
with certain adjoining property, and de
sires to use the same for the handling of
both incoming and outgoing freight upon
the completion of its line to San Fran
cisco, which will be about September 1
next. To enable it to use this property
for the handling of loaded cars, this com
pany respectfully makes application for
an assignment from the above named
date of t'h# slip lying to the east of Main
street wharf and west of the space now
occupied by the two floating drydocks.
We also desire to make application for
the construction of a suitable approach
and apron for the transfer of cars from
fi.oats to the southern front of the prop
erty described.
We transmit herewith a sketch show
ing in a general way the arrangements
proposed, which is submitted for the con
sideration of the board.
The officers of this company will wait
upon you for such further explanations as
you may desire. Very respectfully.
A. H. PAYSON,
Second Vice President.
After the communication had been
read President Colnon said that the
board wouid be happjf to comply with
the request of the Valley road, but toat
as its line would not be completed uktil
next September he thought some later
date would be more suitable for the
consideration of the matter. Mr. Pay
son was then heard. He said that of
course the Valley road would be satis
fied with the assurance of the com
missioners that its request would be
United States troops.
When sufficient progress will have
been made toward a stable government
two battalions of Cuban troops will be
the proportion to each regiment, leav
ing only one of United States troops.
Thus the United States troops will
finally practical!}- disappear from the
island, when it shall be deemed safe
for the purposes of American interests
and of stable government in Cuba for
the United States troops to be gradu
ally supplanted by native regiments.
It is believed that the programme
outlined here, together with that for
the other islands, will call for the ser
vice ,of at least 100,000 men.
There is reason to believe that the
President will make highly compli
mentary references in his message to
the record-made by the navy during the
late war, and, it is expected, wiu briefly
state the events in which it played such
an important part. He will indorse the
recommendation of Secretary Long for
a revival of the grade of admiral for
the benefit of Rear Admiral Dewey,
and it is expected will also urge a
strong increase of the navy along the
lines to be recommended by Secretary
Long. The Secretary has talked over
the increase feature of his report -with
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
granted, but that inasmuch as it con
templated a large purchase of water
front property he would prefer that the
commissioners should take some formal
action immediately. President Colnon
readily acceded to this and on a mo
tion of Mr. Harney the request as em
bodied in the letter of the railway com
pany was unanimously granted.
Behind this simple transaction there
is a atory of real estate purchase and
of increased business for the city that
has quietly assumed large and sub
stantial proportions. The Santa Fe
people have virtually purchased thirty
lots on the "water front between Spear
and Main streets as the site for the
terminal to their line. While the for
mal transfer of the property has not
taken place sufficient amount of the
purchase price has been paid to bind
the transaction. Twenty-four of the
lots are contained in block 328, bounded
by Spear, Main. Harrison and Bryant
streets. The remainder of the lots ad
join this block. The latter is now oc
cupied by Haslett & Bailey's Hatha
way warehouses and has an area of
550x275 feet. William Martin and John
Ballard, well-known capitalists, are the
owners of the property.
A. H. Payson represented the presi-
I dent, E. P. Ripley, of the Santi Fe road
I in the deal, which was made last Fri
day by Thomas Magee. The purchase
price is said to have been in the neigh
borhood of $450,000, and of this, as has
been stated, enough has been paid to
bind the option on the part of the rail
way company.
The plan of the Santa Fe people is
a simple one. They propose to transfer
their freight cars on barges from their
terminal at Point Richmond and the
new wharf. Tugboats will be used for
this purpose. This is set forth in the
letter to the commissioners as the re
quest is made to be allowed to build a
suitable approach and apron for the
transfer of the cars. It is understood
that the option obtained some time ago
by the Valley road on the China basin
property as a result of this new deal
will be abandoned.
The cost to the State of partially fill
ing in slip No. 28 for the use of the
Santa Fe people will be about $20,000,
and this work will be commenced next
June, so that it will be ready by the
time the railway completes its line.
The Santa Fe Company will spend
many thousands of dollars In building
their terminal. They will put in a
double line of tracks running from the
bridge of the slip to their yards, where
will be innumerable tracks for the ac
commodation of the cars.
the President, but he told me to-day
that he had not definitely determined
just how many ships he would ask Con
gress to authorize.
CHICAGO-VIRDEN COAL
STRIKE FINALLY ENDED
Company Practically Accedes to All
the Demands of the
Miners.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— The Chlcago-Vlr
den Coal Company to-day practically ac
ceded to all demands of the striking min
ers. The company agrees to pay the
union scale of 40 cents for handwork and
33 cents for machine work.
SILVER SWEEP IN NEVADA.
Sadler for Governor and Sam Davis
for Controller Win Out.
CARSON, Nev., Nov. 15.— Returns near
ly complete, with only seventy votes un
accounted for, settle the Governor and
Controller fight. Sadler, Silver, for Gov
ernor wins by about sixty votes, and
Davis, Silver, for Controller, by nearly
300 The small precincts to hear from are
Silver2
MAJORITY OF THE
SPORTS FAVOR CORBETT
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.-— Opinions of sporting men on the result of
the approaching twenty-round bout between Jim Corbett and Tom
Sharkey at the Lenox Athletic Club on November 22 show what a
great amount of interest is b^ing taken in this battle. While the
majority of those interviewed so far favor Corbett to beat the sailor,
the latter is constantly gaining friends. The opinions gathered are
as follows:
Kid McCoy— The rules under which the men are to box prohibit
hitting in the clinches and on breakaways, which gives Corbett a de
cided advantage. I therefore think he will get the decision and the
bout will probably go the limit.
Tom O'Rotirke— l think the bout will go the limit and Sharkey
will get the decision.
George Considine — Corbett will surely win inside of fifteen rounds.
Charley "White— l cannot sop how Corbett can lose. He should
beat the sailor in seven or eight rounds.
Billy Gray — If Sharkey keeps his head and does not lose on a
foul he ought to win inside of nine rounds.
Sam Austin— l think it will be an exceptionally clever fight and
if Corbett can stand off the sailor's rushes for twenty rounds I think
he will win.
Billy Newman — Corbett, on account of his great cleverness, should
win in fifteen rounds.
Al Hereford — Corbett will win the fight inside of ten rounds.
Sam Fitzpatrick — My prediction is that the contest will last twenty
rounds and Corbett will receive the verdict.
Connie McVey — Corbett will win, without doubt, in fifteen rounds.
Mike Dwyer— Corbett should get the decision.
Gus Ruhlin— While I have never seen Corbett box I think he is
clever enough to win the decision.
Bob Hilliard— l think Corbett will get the decision.
Al Smith— Corbett ought to get the decision. Sharkey will give
him a hard battle, however.
CHAMBERLAIN
TALKS PLAINLY
AS TO FRANCE
Republic Must Alter
Its Policy.
SPEECH CONVEYS A THREAT
TOO MUCH INTERFERENCE WITH
ENGLISH AFFAIRS.
Secretary of the Colonies Pays a
Warm 'xTibute to America,
Which Is Received
With Cheers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANCHESTER. Nov. 15.— At the Na
.ional Liberal Unionists' conference
here to-day, Joseph Chamberlain, Sec
retary of State for the Colonies, made
his first public speech since his return
from the United States.
Mr. Chamberlain, who was much
more explicit on the subject of Anglo-
French relations than any of his col
leagues in the Cabinet has been, said
it was the hope of every friend of peace
that the French withdrawal from Fa
ehodu was indicative of their accept
ance of the principle of British control
of the whole valley of the Nile, "re
garding which there cannot be any dis
cussion whatever."
Going on to recite a "series of un
friendly acts perpetrated by Franca in
other quarters of the globe during the
last ten or fifteen years," he said:
"If better relations are to be estab
lished it vfill be necessary for French
politicians to abandon tactics whose
object has been to embarrass British
policies in quarters where the French
have no interests to protect. I refer es
pecially to Newfoundland, where, de
spite the fact that the French fishery
Interests have declined to a compara
tively insignificant point, the demands
of the French have continually in
creased, and their interference with the
development of this colony has im
creased.
"At the present moment Newfound
land is seriously suffering from an in
tervention which is of no advantage to
France, although a serious detriment
to the British colony. If the Fashoda
Incident only serves to disabuse foreign
Etatesmen of the erroneous conception
that the British will yield anything to
pressure, it will be a blessing in dis
guise."
After referring to the "thorough and
complete sympathy so noticeable be
tween the mother country and her col
onies," Mr. Chamberlain continued as
follows:
"What is of equal consequence, our
American kin (loud cheers) have begun
to understand us better. If we have
had differences in Ihe past, I believe
they have arisen entirely from the want
of proper mutual understanding, but
now the Americans know that in the
late irouble our hearts went out to
them (cheers), and they heartily re-
Diprocate our feelings.
"I shall not attempt to predict what
may follow this better feeling, but I
may at least hope that in the future
the understanding of which we have
spoken may be perfected, and that in
the face of that understanding we two
may be able to guarantee peace and
civilization to the world." (Prolonged
cheers.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■4
Famous
Wedgewood Cameo China
Rich dark blue body with
raised cameo figures
Artistic shapes
Jug, Match Box
Sugars and cream sets
Pin Tray, Tea Pot and
newest things out
Attractive prices
Great Americanlmport'gTea Co.
861 Market. 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 14J9PolkSt.
218 Third >t. 1819 i evisadero St.
506 Kearny St. 2008 Hllmore St.
146 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery v.
2510 Missis n St. 1196 Kentucky t.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mi sion St.
355 linyes St. 52 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
1053WashingtonSt- 131 San Pablo Aye.
917 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
Write for Catalogues.
SUPREME COURT
REARS TWO CASES
Murderer Hoff's Appeal
Argued.
TAKEN UNDER ADVISEMENT
LOS ANGELES RATE DECISION
CONSIDERED.
Conflicting Claims of the City and
the Monopoly Presented by
Senator White and J.
S. Chapman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 15.— Before the
Supreme Court to-day motions were
heard and argued in two important
cases. One was that of George Hoff,
undtr sentence of death for the murder
of Mrs. Mary E. Clute in Ban Francisco
on December 15 last year. The other
was in the case in which the city cor
poration of Los Angeles and the water
works company of that place are in
volved.
The motion in tae case of -ioff was
presented and argued by William H.
Schooler on behalf of the appellant and
Deputy Attorney General C. N. Post on
behalf of the State. Schooler sought to
show that Judge Carroll Cook had
erred in rejecting certain instructions
which the attorney desired to have read
to the jury. Schooler argued that the
instructions were a copy of a decision
rendered by Justice Baldwin and con
curred in by Stephen J. Field when the
latter was Chief Justice of this State.
The instruction related to the subject
of motive. Hoff was sentenced on April
5 to be hanged June 10, but the appeal
which was argued to-day operated to
arrest execution of the death sentence.
It is now believed that Hoff, even if the
Supreme Court refuses to order a new
trial, will not be resentenced until next
spring, since it will be some months
before the papers in the present matter
are handed down.
Senator Stephen M. White and J. S.
Chapman of Los Angeles appeared in
the water case, known as the Los An
geles rate case. The case deals with
conflicting claims of the city and the
Los Angeles Water Company relative
to the right to collect charges for
water from the citizens of Los Angeles
and relative also to the power of the
lower court to appoint a receiver. The
sum of $27,000 a month represents the
income affected by the litigation. The
company claims that the city cannot
take possession of the water works un
til payment has been made for the im
provements which have been construct
ed by the company since 1868. The
lower court decided that the ~ity could
not take possession without paying for
the works, but nevertheless appointed
a receiver. The city is now appealing
from the former feature of the decision
and the company from the latter.
John Scott and City Attorney Dunn
conducted the arguments on behalf of
the city. The matter was taken under
advisement by the court.
MRS. STEVENS HONORED.
Elected President of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 15.— The storm
of yesterday in the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union convention caused a
small attendance at the convention to
day. The election of officers was pre
ceded by the singing of "Guide Me, Oh
Thy Great Jehovah." Mrs. Stevens was
elected president On the first ballot, and
made a touching speech of acceptance,
urging all to join in carrying on the work
to which Miss Willard, the beloved lead
er, had given her life. The Maine dele
gation presented her with a beautiful
cluster of roses.
Mrs. Stevens then stated she wanted to
nominate Miss Anna A. Gordon, who had
been Miss Willard's private secretary,
and is probably one or the most beloved
of the union leaders, to be vice-president
at large. The by-laws were then amend
ed to give the president the authority to
make such nomination, and it was im
mediately made, the election following by
a rising unanimous vote.
For corresponding secretary Mrs. S. H.
Frey of Minnesota received 204 votes out
of 353. Mra. Clara C. Hoffman of Mis
souri wa? re-elected recording secretary.
Mrs. Frances E. Beauchamp of Ken
tucky wa - made assistant recording sec
retary. T.». „• ballot for treasurer resulted:
Mrs. Helf>n M. Barker, 285; Mrs. M. H.
Dunham, 41; scattering, 20.
The Temple matter came up again in
the convention this afternoon and a reso
lution indorsing 1 the Temple was defeated
by a vote of 76 to 277.
GILROY'S POSTMASTER WEDS.
Richard M. Ryan and Miss Kate
Schafer United.
GILROY. Nov. 15.— The marriage of
Richard M. Ryan, Gilroy's popular post
master, and Miss Kate Schafer, the
charming daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Schafer, was solemnized to-day at
St Mary's Catholic Church. A high
nuptial mass was celebrated by Rev.
Father Hudson. The church was a
bower of smilax, ferns, ivy and potted
flowers and plants. The sacred edifice
was filled with relatives and friends of
the couple. After the ceremony a wed
ding breakfast was partaken of. Mr. and
Mrs. Ryan left for Ban Francisco this
afternoon.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER lfi, 1898.
HARES GIVE THEIR
FOES HARD RUNS
Exciting- Coursing Near
Merced.
ALL CONDITIONS FAVORABLE
WEATHER FAIR AND THE GAME
FULL OF LIFE.
Besults of the First Round of the All-
Aged Stake, and How the Con
tests Were Lost and
Won.
BY M. J GEARY.
MERCED, Nov. 15.— The weather for
the inaugural day's meeting of the
Ingleside Coursing Club on the far
famed plains of Merced was cool and
decidedly enjoyable. The attendance
was very large — in fact teams sufficient
to accommodate the seekers of first
class sport could not be obtained at any
price at 7 o'clock this morning. The
start from Merced to the happy cours
ing grounds was made soon after the
innner man was refreshed by a good
morning's breakfast, and, although the
roads leading to the feeding and play
ing fields of the highly conditioned
jacks were dusty in places, the drive to
and from the coursing was enjoyed by
all.
The coursing commenced immediately
after the president of the club had ad
dressed the meeting 1 , and read parts of
the riot act to the unruly and ungov
ernable. Hares of the "never known to
quit when running" variety were found
ad libitum, and as a consequence there
are many quiet and docile dogs housed
in their kennels as I write. Courses of
from two to five miles were many, and
in most instances the hares showed
considerable disrespect for the dogs by
parting company with them at times
when fur was muchly needed. The
ground coursed over was of short stub
ble — sandy surface that is not desirable
for coursing, although a good shower
would have made it admirable for the
sport. The game was so strong of foot
and limb that in most instances the
d"gs only scored wrenches until they
had got well out of sight of the specta
tors.
It must be remembered that ihe de
scriptive account of each course which
follows is given from an observer's
point of view; i. c., while dogs and hare
were in sight of those who sat in ve
hicles. Of course, after they had passed
out of sight the report ended, although
the scores were kindly given by Judge
Grace through his field assistant, T. J.
MoHugh.
First round of all-ace stake, prizes
$500. $250, two of $125 each, four of tib and
eight of $37 50 each. Results:
Johnny R vs. Las Palmas— Las Palmas
led well to the hare, but when the game
changed its course Johnny R forced to the
front and held his quarry well in hand, so
to speak, until after a long run the hare
sought safety by dashing into a squirrel
hole. Las Palmas waa close up with her
opponent wh»en the course ended. Win
ner, Johnny R. Score, 7 to 1.
Miss Alice vs. Senorita— Senorita led to
t the hare by several lengths and kept the
lead for a long distance, in fact until the
I dogs and hare got our of sight. At the
finish Mips Alice was leading. Neither
dog got close enough to work the came
in coursing-park fashion. Winner,. Senor
ita. Score, 8 to 2.
Mayflower vs. Inna — The hare jumped
within five yards of the dogs and sat
! down just as the dogs were slipped. Irma
led and made a drive to kill but missed.
The hare then got down to business and
I ran like a streak for 300 yards. Irma was
first to score a wrench and turn; then
Mayflower got in and was leading Irma
i w r hen the dogs were lost to view in the
dust; a very long course. Winner, Irma.
Score, 8 to 4.
White Diamond vs. Jesse Moore— Jesse
was first to the hare by four lengths.
' Then White Diamond drew close up, but
i Jesse kept in the lead on a long, straight
I run of fully half a mile, when White
Diamond by a grand burst of speed made
a go-bye and was leading when the
hare passed over a hill and out of sight.
Winner, White Diamond. Score, 10 to 6.
Orpheum Lass vs. Kitty Scott—-Or
pheum Lass led to the hare, which fa
vored her. but neither dog got near
enough to score even a wrench until they
got lost in the distance from view. Win
ner, Orpheum Lass. Score, 18 to 0; which
shows that the Lass had things all her
own way in the latter part of the course.
Jennie Wilson vs. Florence N— The hare
jumped in front of the leading teams and
turned off his line when the dogs were
slipped and then ran into the dust kicked
up by the horses. The course could not
be seen from the teams until the dogs
"were far in the distance. Then Florence
was fast making up for lost ground.
Winner, Jennie Wilson. Score, 34 to 24.
Rusty Gold had a bye with Las Palmas.
Las Palmas, notwithstanding her hard
course with Johnny R, ran well up with
Rusty Gold from start to finish. Winner,
Rusty Gold. Score, 21 to 9.
Tuolumne .vs. Quickstitch— Qulckstitch
led to the hare and scored quite a few
times, and was apparently having things
all her own way when the Merced dog
suddenly opened up and shot by his op
ponent, driving the hare at great speed
and scoring fast. He held the lead all
through the balance of the course, out
scoring Quickstitch until the kill. The
course was in full view of the spectators.
Winner, Tuolumne. Score, 15 to 8.
Sweet Music vs. Mialmo — When the dogs
were slipped the hare suddenly changed
Its course, favoring Sweet Music, but
Mialmo, having the greatest speed, shot
to the front and was first to score. She
made quite a number of points before
Quickstitch got in, and the dogs were
running neck and neck as they passed out
of view into low ground. Winner, Sweet
Music. Score, 12 to 8.
Pet Klrby vs. Ida— All bets wsre de
clared off on this race by the stewards,
as Ida was said to be not feeling well for
some reason not stated. Ida led from slips
and ran well, notwithstanding her condi
tion. She had her game well in charge
and scored several wrenches until after
covering half a mile of ground. Then Pet
Kirby got in and scored a point. The
dogs then ran out of sight of the crowd
and coursed the hare several miles. Win
ner, Ida. Score, 17 to 1.
Master Jack vs. Matchless— Both dogs
got away to a good slip and ran neck and
neck to the hare, which crossed over a
mound and was quickly lost to the sight
of the spectators. Winner.^Matchless.
Score, 14 to 4. •
Rosle R. vs. Willful— Willful had just
arrived from Denver and was consequent
ly not in condition for a hard course.
Rosie R. led from slips and opened up a
big gap to the hare. She held a good lead
until dogs and hare were lost to view.
Willful killed. Winner, Rosie R. Score,
12 to 2.
Glen Rosa vs. Pat Malloy— This was a
good slip and a close run to the hare, but
after passing over a mound. Pat Malloy
made the turn. Then Glen Rosa passed to
the front, driving her game at great speed
on a straight run for a half mile before
a turn was scored. Pat Malloy was then
several lengths behind. The hare made
for and got to a wire fence near Merced
River, which It got under. The dogs
also crossed the fence and Glen Rosa was
holding a good lead when lost to view.
Winner, Glen Rosa. Score, 13 to 4.
Sunolite vs. Gladiator — Gladiator led to
the hare and quickly scored a wrench and
two turns, after which the hare put on a
burst of speed and ran the dogs quite a
distance before Gladiator scored again, al
lowing Sunolite to get in for a few points.
The hare carried the dogs to a wire fence,
after which the course was lost sight of
as far as the spectators could see. Win
ner. Gladiator. Score, 18 to 10.
Old Glory vs. Revolver— Old Glory led
to the hare and scored first turn, after
which he made two wrenches. The game
then swerved and crossed the field within
full view of the onlookers. Then Old
Glory slackened in his pace and Revolver
passed him and held a lead until lost in
the dust and the distance. Winner, Old
Glory. Score 12 to 2. , .
White Rocket vs. Nellie B.— Nellie B. led
to game and hare swerved, favoring
White Rocket, who held the winning po
sition until lost to view. Winner, White
Rocket. Score sto 0. . , . , .
Gilt Edge vs. Beauty— Gilt Edge led, but
was passed by Beauty after the hare
had changed its course. Beauty scored a
few times then held the lead for quite
a long distance, the hare gradually leav
ing the dog-s behind. Beauty finally stop
ped running, leaving her opponent to
chase the game as he pleased. Not hav
ing got near enough to the hare to score,
the judge gave the course to Beauty.
Winner, Beauty. Score, 10 to 2.
Jean Bereaud vs. Benicia Boy— Benlcia
Boy led from slips and the hare carried
the dogs out of sight of the crowd be
fore a turn was scored. Winner, Benicia
Boy. Score, 10 to 0.
Montana vs. Silkwood— The dogs were
slipped in bad ground, which again shut
out the view of the spectators, Montana
led and took possession right away, but
after scoring a few times Silkwood got in
for place and was leading when last seen
at quite a distance from the cavalcade.
Winner, Silkwood. Score, 13 to 5.
Jimmy Rix vs. Victor Queen— Victor
Queen ran a splendid course, working her
game splendidly all around the teams in
a wide circle 'and finally pressing her
game so hard that the hare sought safety
by dodging into a squirrel hole just as
the Queen was about to score a kill. Win
ner, Victor Queen. Score, 26 to 1.
Dauntless vs. Fleet Wings— Fleet Win^s
was first to the hare and wrenched. Then
Dauntless took charge and made several
wicked drives to kill but failed until the
game carried them quite a distance.
Winner. Dauntless. Score, 18 to 1.
Decision vs. Flashlight— This was Flash
light's course nearly all through. In the
early part of the race it looked as if a.
kill would result at any moment, but
when the hare realized that fooling meant
danger to him he spread his long legs
and gave the dogs a merry run over miles
of country. Decision quit after traveling
until all hope failed. Winner, Flashlight.
Score. 12 to 2.
Get There vs. Rocklln Belle— This was a
very pretty course, but as the dogs were
of the same color, it was hard to "keep a
line on their respective performances.
Rockiin Belle led and worked her game
beautifully, scoring several points and be
ing ably assisted by Get There, who also
came in for a good share of points near
the finish of one of the prettiest courses
of the day. Winner, Rocklin Belle.
Score, 20 to 14.
ABC vs. Lady Jane — The course was
obscured by a cloud of dust from the
teams. Winner. Lady Jane. Score 24 to 0
Sportsman vs. Patria— The dust got so
dense that it was almost impossible to see
the do^s for more than 100 yards after
tnoy were slipped. Sportsman led from
slips to game, after which Judge Grace
had an exclusive view of the course.
Y\ inner, Patria. Score. 7 to 0.
Dakota vs. Royal Prize— Royal Prize
was first to score a turn and a wrench !
and was in possession of his game for i
quite a distance, when Dakota was seen :
in close company and assisting in the
chase. Winner, Royal Prize. Score 32
to 6.
Rose of Tralee vs. Sarcastic— This was
the most exciting course of the day. The
race was short and both dogs scored
equal points. The judge signaled "no
go, ' and in the run-off Sarcastic won by
a very small margin. Winner, Sarcastic.
Score, 3—3 and 5—3.
WINNERS AT THE EAST.
Last Day of Racing on the Tracks
Around Chicago.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 15.— Weather fair;
track slow. Results:
First race, one mile, selling— Stakes
won, Rushflelds second. Hush third.
Time. 1:51.
Second race, five and a half furlongs
— Ernespie won, Estabrooks second, Vo
landies third. Time, 1:134*.
Third race, handicap, seven furlongs-
Tom Collins won, Great Br-nd second,
Headlight II third. Time, I:33 V*.
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Morde- !
cai won. Harry Shannon second, R. B.
Sack third. Time, l:4&Vs-
Fifth race, five furlongs— Schanken won.
Ma vine M M second, Lecilla third. Time,
1:07.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Joe Shelby j
won, Brighton second, Mariti third. Time, !
1:50. q
NASHVILLE. Nov. 15.— Weather clear;
track slow. Results:
First race, selling, seven furlongs— Mitt !
Boykin won, Howitaer second. Miss Ed- '
wards third. Time, 1:35.
Second race, five and a half furlongs,
selling— Prosper won. Pell Mell II second,
Joe Doughty third. Time, 1:124.
Third race, five and a half furlongs —
Trulight won, Violet Parsons second, Ter
rami third. Time. 1:13.
Fourth race, selling, seven furlongs—
Lackman won. Mystery second, Infelice
third. Time, 1:33%.
Fifth race, five and a half furlongs,
selling— CAlotta C won, John Boone sec
ond. Watercrest third. Time, 1:12.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 15.— Results at
Bennings:
First race, seven furlongs — Saratoga i
won, Loiterer second, Ruby Lips third, i
Time. 1:31.
Second race, five furlongs — Dr. Parker !
won. Specialist second, Judge Magee
third. Time, 1:03 2-5.
Third race, one mile — Dan Rice won,
Decanter second, Bardella third. Time,
1:44.
fourth race, six furlongs — Leando won,
The Winner second, Anitra third. Time.
1:16.
Fifth race, mile and 100 yards—Jeffer
son won. Charentus second, Banquo II
third. Time, 1:45 4-5.
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— T0-day was the
last day of racing at Lakeside and the
close of the season around Chicago.
Weather clear, track heavy.
First race, six furlongs — Antiquary
won, Mr. Johnson second, Banish third.
Time, l:l9Ms.
Second race, one mile — Boanerges won,
Prince Blazes second, Locust Blossom
third. Time, 1:4714-
Third race, m'le and one-sixteenth — Imp
won, Macy second, Al Fresco third. Time,
I:53M>.
Fourth race, two miles, selling — George
Lee won. Monereith second, Lucid third.
Time, 3:46.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Dave Waldo j
won, Tenole second, Mason third. Time,
1:04%.
Sixth race, six furlongs— David won,
Sligo second, Borden third. Time, 1:17 3-4. j
TRAINED NURSES FOR MANILA. ,
All That Can Be Secured to Be Sent
Immediately.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 15.— Miss Abbie
H. Zaner, directress of nurses at Portland
hospital, today received a dispatch from
Surgeon General Sternbergf of the United
States army, to proceed to Manila im
mediately with as many trained nurses as
could be secured in Portland. Miss Zaner
will leave for San Francisco to-morrow
and will be accompanied by the following
trained nurses: Miss Josephine Dunn,
Miss Cecelia Earhart and Mab*l J. Lake.
They will probably sail for Manila Fri
day.
LI PLEADS IN VAIN.
PEKING, Nov. 15.— Li Hung Chang has
memorialized the Dowager Empress, beg
ging to be excused from the appointment
to consult with the viceroy of the pro
vince of Shan Tung as to the steps to be
taken to prevent any further overflowing
of the Yellow River, pleading age and In
firmity as his excuse. He had a special
audience on the subject with the Dowager
Empress to-day and the latter, while
thanking him for hlB service to the
throne, requested the Chinese statesman
to proceed to the Yellow without delay.
CAPITA.. PRIZES
O? the Original Little Honduras Company
of San Francisco. Cal.
No. 83,983 draws first capital prize, $5750; No.
4772 draws second capital prize, $1000; No. 74,
345 draw* third capital prixe, 1500; No. 32,359
draws fourth capital prize. $250; Nos. 60042 and
48,845 each draws $125; Noe. 1351, 9018, 24,572, 29,
253 and 30,832 each draws $50.
All prizes cashed In full without discount at
room 617, 828 Montgomery Bt., San FrancUco,
Cal. •
Original Little Louisiana Co. of San
Francisco— Drawing Nov. 12, 1868.
No. 83,983 wins $7500, sold In San Francisco,
Cal. ; No. 4772 wins $2000. sold in San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 74,345 wine $1000, sold in Reno, Nev. ;
No. 32.359 wins $500, sold In San Francisco, Cal.;
No. 48,845 wins $250, sold in San Francisco and
Oakland. Cal.; Nos. 1351, 9018, 24,572, 29,253 and
80.53S each wins $100. sold in San Francisco,
Cal., and Portland. Or. Prizes cashed at 38
New Montgomery st. San Francisco, Cal. •
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
! ANTWERP— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Nord
' land, from New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Bi
i berian, from Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov I&— Stmr Wllhelm
i der OroHse. for Bremen.
Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Aller, Genoa.
MARSEILLES— Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Nue«
trla, from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Nov IS— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York,
i SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Nov IB — Stmr
| Latin, from New York.
BATTLE BETWEEN
IMMUNES AND
CUBAN POLICE
Six Lives Lost in the
Conflict.
SOLDIERS RESISTED ARREST
WERE DRUNK AND ATTEMPTED
TO STEAL A HOG.
General Wood Visits San Luis, the
Scene of the Slaughter, and
Will Promptly Mete Out
Punishment.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO, Nov. 15.— San Luis was
the scene last night of a fatal encoun
ter between rural guards and intoxi
cated soldiers of the Ninth Immunes,
Twenty-third Kansas and Eighth Illi
nois, in which Sergeant Rafael Ferer,
chief of the Provisional Mounted Po
lice, one of the guards, one negro of
the Ninth Immunes, Jose Ramon; a
planter, Emilio Bettern, and a child
were killed.
the disturbance was caused by an at
tempt of the soldiers to steal a hog be
longing to the Cubans, who protested.
It was pay day and a large number of
soldiers were intoxicated, all joining in
the fight.
Sergeant Ferer and his men, in reply
to a call, soon reached the house where
the thieves were, but they escaped and
were joined by twenty companions
armed with Springfield rifles taken
from camp contrary to orders. The
fight began in a house near the Norma
estate, continuing on the way toward
the house of the manager of the es
tate.
Ferer's companions barricaded them
selves while Ferer remained outside ex
postulating with the negroes and try
ing to persuade them to desist. He
was shot through the head, dying after
staggering to the door and ordering his
men to defend themselves and the lives
of the people on the estate. The police
fired from cover, killing one soldier and
wounding several. Two of the police
men were shot while attempting to es
cape. Ramon and Battern were shot
while trying to disperse the soldiers.
The officers of the regiments deny that
their soldiers did the shooting, against
incontrovertible evidence to the con
trary.
General Wood and Captain Beacon
visited San Luis this morning to
investigate. They found the wounds
were made by 45-caliber bullets. They
acted promptly, offering a reward of
$1000 in gold for disclosure of the iden
tity of the men implicated in the shoot
ing. General Wood returned to-day,
cabling the details to Washington to
night, with recommendations that im
mediate punishment should follow.
KATHRYN KERENS WEDS
JUSTICE M'KENNA'S SON
Most Brilliant Affair of the Season
at St. Louis — Pope Cables His
Benediction.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 15.— Miss Kathryn
Kerens, daughter of R. C. Kerens, Na
tional Republican Committeeman from
Missouri, and Lieutenant Frank Borne
mann McKenna, V. S. A., acting captain
in the volunteer service under General
Brooke, and son of Supreme Justice
McKenna, were joined in wedlock at 5
o'clock this afternoon. The wedding,
which was the most brilliant of the sea
son, was a semi-military affair. Lieuten
ant McKenna with four of his grooms
men, appearing in full dress uniform.
Many persons were present.
Archbishop Kaine of St. Louis, assisted
by Bishop Donahue of West Virginia, per
formed the marriage ceremony, which
was held in St. Alphonsus Church.
Within the chancel rail were Archbishop
Ireland of St. Paul, Bishop Watterson of
Columbus, Rev. Thomas Hendrick of Buf
falo and all the prfests of St. Alphonsus
Church. Mr. Kerens gave his daughter
away and the ceremony was made the
most impressive by the fact that the
benediction of Pope Leo was this morn
ing cabled to the bridal couple. After
the ceremony at the church a reception
was held at the Kerens residence in Van
deventer place.
Richard Kerens Jr. acted as Best man
and the groomsmen were Lieutenants
Wylde, Winn and Shields of the Twelfth
United States Infantry, Lieutenant Gregg
of the Fourth Cavalry, and Edgar Lack
land of St. Louis. Miss Gladys Kerens
acted as maid of honor for her sister and
the bridesmaids were Miss- McKenna and
Miss Marie McKenna of Washington,
Miss Mary Soper and Miss Jane Henry
of New York and Miss Sadie Pierce of
St. Louis.
Men's Diseases
Men's Diseases
Men's Diseases
pvp Men's Diseases
— Men's Diseases
DISEASES OF MEN ARE UBUALI/J
brought" on by vice, dissipation or some
form of abuse. Some men sin in secret, others
•in openly. No matter how the sin is commit-
ted, no matter how the abuse Is done, no mat-
ter the form of abuse, the victim must sadly
pay the cenalty. It Is a serious affair. No
man can hope to be a truly vigorous, manly
man if he Is suffering from a wasting, linger-
ing, declining disorder. No man can be ought
but a thing If he i 6 suffering from exhausting,
debilitating dreams. Another form of disorder,
or • disability, comes from prematurity. This
prematurity Is the first sign of the weak and
impotent. You must stop it. One of the lad-
ing cures for this form of disorder ie the Hud-
yan, Cure. ' ' « ■■..!-■:
Hudyan cures. lost vitality, evil dreams, mel-
ancholia, falling sensations, dizziness, weiak,
burning sensations. Hudyan <is for man. Hud-
yan can b« had only from the Hudson Medical
Doctors. If you take Hudyan you will be cer-
tainly and cpeedlly cured. , Tour weakness will
go. Your inabilities will disappear. Ynur
Bleep will b« refreshing. ■ Consult the Hudson
doctors free, or write for - ■■'->"
NEW CIRCULARS.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
30-D V C URE c^^M,^
Of) T)AV CTTRE Blood Poison. .If you
aV'UA.i vyuitn. BUCer from the
DAY CURE MMnilary <>«■ ; tertiary
ou UA J of Blood Poison
you can b« cured by our SO-day cure. < Consult
our Doctor* for nothing. - .-_.■:■;:■.•"- ,-x
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
1 " Stockton, Market and Ellis Sta. -.
San Francisco, Cal.
LIST OF PAIZES.
OFFICIAL-DRAWING
—OF THE— ■ „
Honduras National Lottery Co.
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
Single Number Class "L," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, November 12. 1898. - ".-■ \
The Honduras National Lottery has no dally
drawing, and is not connected with any daily
drawing.
Single number class "L," drawn at Puerto
Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Saturday, No-
vember 13, IS9S. The Honduras National Lot-
tery has no dally drawing an 4 is not con-
nected with any daily drawing.
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Pri*».
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Pr.» .
67 40 119 16 207 i 6
241 16, 648 16 668 16
742 1000 795 24 922 16
1030 16 1097 :. 40 1130 16
1210 24; 1239 40 1351. .. v ... 400
1453 16 1536 40| 1595.... • 16
1397 40; 1624 40i 1815.... , 40
1535.... 16! 1947 24 2147 24
2452 16; 2575 40 2555 ; 16
2604........ 24 2784.. 24 2535 '16
2872. 80; 3031 80 3052 18
3295.'. 16 3571 16 3575 16
3607. 24 3631 16i 3739 40
3SIO 24 3850 16 4160 24
4234........ SO 4461 16 4572 40
4647 40 4662 24 4772 8000
4909 16 4913 16 j 5003 40
5069 24 5152 16 630$ 16
5362 80 6431 16 5553 40
5644 40 ■ 5895 24 6100 34
6235 40 6374 24 6409 40
6443 16 6500.. ....... 16 '6541... 80
6603 24! 6611 40 670S 24
6789 16' 6805 24 : 6530 16
6389 " 16! 7144 40 7181 16
7196 24 7369 16; 7443 16
7517 40 7527 . 80 1 7601. .. t1 ... - 24
7617 16| 8025 16i 8069 16
8136 40 8207 SO S2SI IB
8514 18! 5554 16 8650 24
8797 16 8554 80 8556 24
8891 40 9018 400 9032 16
9045 80 9C59 16 9094........ 80
9195 16 9214 24 9253 16
9257 16 j 9265.. 40 9271. 24
9554 16 9791 40 9554 IS
&871 40
10062 120 10094 24 10193 ..': 16
10436........ 24 10453 120 10676 24
10699 24:10762 80 10824........ 18
10SS2 40 11162 80 11212 16
11215. ....... 16 11289 16 11297 ..V-,' 16
11374... 24 11414 16 11500 80
11517 24 11657 ..16 11825 120
12030 16 12191 24 12297 40
12415 40 12475 16:12561 16
12659 40;i2690 16 12751 40
12796 80:
12589 24 13014 13044 1«
13064 16<13146 24 13148 16
13159 16 13187 16 13273 16
13373 24 13383 80!l34S8 16
13563 24 1363S 16 13714 16
13806 24113583 16 j 14079 16
14237 40 14373 16 14439 16
14566 24 14630 40,14677 24
15075 24 15172 18 15231 16
15249 16 15519 24 15657 24
15667 24 ( 15690........ 24 15782.. 80
16052 24 16209 24 16321 16
16516 16 16595 24 16677 24
16919 IS 16956 J 24J16959 16
17028 24 17058 40 17106 16
17161 120 17194 24 17240 120
17293 24 17305 40 17314 40
17442 24 17448 24 17594 16
17636 40 17707 16 17849 24
17923 16
18069 16 18084 24 18111.... . 16
15122 16 18172 80 18310 24
15343 80! 183158 40 18380 40
18402 18479 40 18531 16
18550 24 18587 .'..' 24 18619 24
18633 16 18718 40 18809 ...... 24
18WI 1*18947.. 24 19006 40
19219 19242 40 ! 19391 .. 40
19468 24)19462 16:19488 16
19495 16|19527 16 j 19645 40
19862 16 19889 24 IPB9I 80
19913 16 19936........ 24 20010 16
20029 16 20061 16 20298 . 80
20334 16 20359 80120382 40
20384 40 20413 16 20442 16
20447 40 20519 40121011 . ' 40
21032 16 21C55.. ...... 16 21062........ ■ 24
21077 80 21310 16121465....:... 16
21616 2421644 40 21829 16
21949 1621992 16 22110 40
22134 16 22176....1... 16 22221 40
22408 24 22458 24 22554 16
22525 22551 40 22972... 24
23003 1623136 16123166 '. 16
»183 16 23248... 40 23386 16
23411... 40!23427 :.. 24:23476 40
23571 80 j 23932 16 24017 80
24115 1624347 ,24 24562........ 80
24572 400124664 * 16 24674 It
24684 ; 16 24703........ 16 24757 "" 80
24513.. \ 16 24976........ 24 25137......." 40
25211 80|25327 ...24 25338........ 80
25551 16 25842 24 26372,..;....- 16
26377... 16J26433 24 26584 24
26794. :.'.:... 24 26500.. ......" 16J28366 24
27087 16 27589 24|27624 :;.;.;! H
27695 24 27735 ' 16:28052 '. 24
28255........ 24 28273 16 25371... - 24
25415. 16 25538. 80128600 '. 16
28712........ 16 28569........ 40 28925.... ' 40
28955 24 ' 29036......... '24 29206......... ' 16
23253 400 29596 16 25764 24
29501 24129943 .24 '
30153 120 30216 24 30541 . 24
30551 24 30945 16 30955 .'.. 40
30953 16 31090 SO 31222 ' 16
3134S 16 31395 16:31430 .'. 120
31538 16 31589 16 31628... '. '. i«
31567 31935 31970... " 24
31992.. 16 31993 24 32104 40
52195 1632260 ...24 32336 ." 16
32359 200032389 16 32419. 40
32464 24:32560 24 32619 " 16
32703 8032742 40 32758...... 16
32571. ..:.... 1632895......... 8032301 40
32912 16 33062 1633121 24
33227 16 33234 16J33289...."" 24
33376 16J33538 80 33589 24
33644 24 33740 16 34042 16
34077 1634129 16 34164 16
34189 1634214 16 34305 80
543U.. 24 3438S 12034420 16
34490 16 34540 16 34676!...;"; 40
34700 24 34890 16 34969....!"' 16
35144 35155 24 35244 !. SO
35327 40.'35566 24135558 80
35615 16J35634 24 35662........ 120
35679 16|35758...^.... 40 35775 40
35529 16 35915 40 35993 40
36118 16-36122 24 36142..!. !!." 16
36235 40 36213 24 36244 16
26385 16!36477 24 36533........ 24
36556 16 36652 24 36555.... .. 24
37045 16 37175........ 10 37209... 80
37328 16 37338 37456 16
37492 40 37615 40137638 16
37671... 40 37691 16 37711 16
37792 12037845 120 37557 .. . 24
37862 40 37885....;... 80 37887.. 24
37303 24J37972 4o!38008..;;;"" 40
38020 35075 8038098... 80
38154 2438161 40 38165... . 16
38352 16 38387 40 38483 24
38488 16 38700 16 35803. ....... 16
38958 16 35979 16 39197.... 80
39334......... 24139364 80 39406 ;.; 24
39600 1639678 24i39745 .... 40
39542.. ...... 16 39854 39866 40
40048... 16|40074 16*40114 18
40151 24140170 16140180.. ..!!!. 40
40227 24 40325 16140422 24
40495 24 40613 40J40632 80
40708 14 40746 40 40754 - 24
40756... 24 40896 16141066 16
41103 41213 2441412 16
41414 2441641 16 41781........ 40
41789 24 41910 40 41939 16
42111 24 42239........ 24 42357 16
42484 24 42503........ 80 42605 24
42944 120 42972........ 16 43032.... 24
43176 40!43318 16 43439 24
43614 16143662 16 43717 16
43802 16143901 ..80 43995....... 24
44012 1644167 44244 16
44271 44305 40 44351 .24
44453 16 44505 24 44534 ..16
44654 24 44656 16 44706 16
45022 1645300 16 45335 .1 80
45344 40 45408: 80 45431... 16
45491 1645500 24 45520......!. 16
45603....;... 16 45608 24 45647. 16
45676 16 45755..; 40 45830;.;;:;;; 16
45845 16 45940........ 24146052 16
46305........ 24 46422 24 46583 16
46790 24 46938 120 47012 .. 24
47031 24 47054 47185. .!!! 40
47233 40J47270 16 47396... ..... 80
47434 40|4748(> .....w 16 47767. 24
47530 80 47926 16 48158 24
48208 16 45448 16 48514 16
<S3lO • 40456U 24 48621... 1! 16
45676 48752.. 40,48844 .. H 80
45845........ 1000 48849 16 48859 16
4SBBB 16 49001 24 49174. J«
49217 16 49257 40 49428 ' 16
49433........ 40 49490 16 49545;::::*"' 16
«<j59... 16 49581 24 49703...... " 40
49725........ 16 49727........ 40 49555........ 16
50040........ 24R0060 16 50076 16
50231. 16 60253 40 50345... " 40
50402 24 50422 80 50435 !.. 24
50567 24 50738 40 60762 24
50997..-...;. ..; 40 51108........ 24 51228...... 16
61273... 1651631... 16 51840........ 24
51864 16 61997 24 62214........ 80
52378........ 40|52449 16i52525 24
E2630 16152708 80 52759.. -.....; 40
6275S 24 52803........ 16 52832........ 24
52881 1663013 16 53083......... 40
53352... 16 53661 40 53768 24
63554 53931.. 64004 80
54126 16 54311 24154313 ;. 24
54366 40154426 64469.. 24
64596........* 16(54699 80 54683 16
54727 24 55007 ...40 55012.. 16
65111 80 55219 -40 56221... 16
55307 .18 56467........ 16 55787.. 16
55829 .V.. 80 56003........ 16 66178........ '40
56243........ 24 56269 24 56302 24
56348........ 1656332 16 56610........ 24
56612 " 1656714 -1656774.. 120
66834........ 16156840 :. 16 56882......... . 24
56559.-. :..... 40157207; 16 57306........ ' 40
57335.. ...... 16 57483....;... 57519 24
57564 57602. .16 57689........ 16
67950........ 579C5... 24 58291........ 16
65351... 16158412 40 58438 16
68678........ 24 58809 ■16 68525........ .16
68902 18|68903 16 59007 .. 80
69105 24 59106........ .16 6928S 80
58290.:...... 16 59408.. •....".. 40 59412........ 40
69456 :. " 24 59495 58502.. ....... 16
59521 59534........ 24 53607....;... 34
69618 ...... 16J59817 1659844........ .40
6006o!;:::::: 16!6b132..; 24 502e5........ 16
60270....:... 60335 1660358........ 24
60536........ 16!60686 24 60702,....:.. 80
60813 . 16 60821.V; • 1€ 60528.......V 16
60877..:..... 120 81018... ..-...■ >4 61022 16
61060.. ...... 61097.. ,.-....- 61108........ 120
61115........ 16 61832... 34 61840........ 34
«i«9... 14 6164S ...120161881........ 16
LIST OF PRIZES. •
61698........ 24161920........ 24161944... 16
62051 ..-16162116.... 16(62106 16
62294........ 40|b2*15 40,8243 d Is
62487........ 24[62621 24,62658... 40
62772 ' 40 62517 ■24 «L's»'.'l 21
63006.;. 16J63050 24|63170... 1«
63309 40,63423 24|b3427...' 40
63471.. 16|63504 1«|63506 SO
63667 40|63714..: 24,637^2 16
63834 " 84|63*61 16,64(146 16
64305 - 16|643j3 50;64454 16
G4508... 40j645»5.... 16,65611. .' 16
64701 .... 16|64730 80.61737 16
64818 16,64557 80|64&86 4'i
65132 16i65326 16165703 l>i
66008....;... 24,6602i> 80.66064 16
66245 24J66246 16|6633S 24
66401 16 6G470 18j66518 16
6653S 16|66775 4i>,tH>x.<s 21
67243 24,67279 16|67339. ..;.... 16
67387 24,67363 40.67612 4!)
67637 .... 16;6766S 24,67776 16
67836....:... 84|«7»7« 40J68110 40
65291 16J6852J 16|68538 21
88778........ 16|6?052 16j6»147.. 21
(JJIS4 24|69113 120|69295 16
69408 IS|SH3B 40J6J4US 16
6J601 16,6.-623 16;6»651 40
6H743 16 6!».>32........ 24*9876 2»
70022 .' ■ 16 70161; 80|70287 24
7U313 40;70501........ 80,70588 16
70632 24170650 16 70678 120
70821.. 15J70539 180[708*fl 16
70J35 71066 16j7i:>57 IS
71273 71454 2471471 24
71539 24 7154 S 16|71624 24
716T.7 40 71671 ; 16(71914 16
715*25 80J7195T .' 16J71939 16
72135 16172328 So|72S*96 .... 16
73004 73058 80 73153 16
73168........ 16 73300 16|73388 (0
73474 24 73491 16 73708 24
73823 16 73566 16 73914 SO
7394S 24 73996 24 74192 40
74260 16j74252 16|74345 4000
74445 40 74584 40(74761 40
74924 16 74952 16[75231. 1«
75256 24j7"334 16 75572..; 24
75605 4075746 16J76009. ....... 16
76221 16 76614 120; 7665*. 24
76670 80 i 76692 24|76519 16
76942 16 77094 16 77141 4')
77268 120,77457 77494 4'»
77531 16 77635 24 77691 16
77929 40 j 78163 75199..: IS
78257 16 78281 16,78413 24
78572 16J7868S .16 78750 40
7SS4B 24 78885 24:78996 16
79024 24170031 16 79122 16
79203 40 1 79356 40|78861 16
79498 16 79553 24|79769.. ...... 24
79771 40 79788 16J79974 24
80032 16 80220 40:80271 .'. 24
80272 24 80480 16180508 80
80559 24 j 80650 40 80657 16
80937 16 81164 40 81287 40
81317 :. 16 81375 24 81480 SO
81502 16 81545 120 81749 24
81802 24 81855 16(82011 40
82092 16 82160... 24 82179 40
£2209 16 52259 16 82285........ 24
52292 16)82883 16|82417 24
82852 40 82904 24 53249 24
$3347 16 83358 24 85427. 24
53475 16 83566 80 83762 40
83983 JOOOB 84050 16,84116 40
84121 24 84143 18 54193 40
84293 16 84432 24 84587 40
54663 24 84721 4<> 84556 16
S4SIS 40 84930 24 86042 16
85074 1655277 ;. 24 85294 16
85357 24 85567..;..... 16 85611.....:.. 16
85657 24 85687 16i85727 80
85907 16.56244 SO 86349 16
86509 86711 16;86755 16
86574 5087052 16|87224 16
87492 40 87544 16 87699 24
87701 87807 2457810 40
87849 80.87938 16 87986 24
88098 80S81S1 16J88214 18
85232 16 58251 24 88261 * 40
88346........ 80 88427 40|88600 16
SS6I4 1658728 40 88839 40
88887 16 88S91 24 55999 16
89002 40 89064 24 89058 16
89163 16 ! 89322 16 59335 40
89360 24 59397 40 89487 40
85657 16 ! 89730 24 : 89779... 16
89&03 24 8992S 24-
90074 16 90155 16|90230 16
90339 40 90436 16190463 24
90574 40 9059S 84 80789 40
90533 ' 4(0 l 90882 80 i 90901 120
90956........ 16 91155 16 91269........ 40
91396 16.9146S ...» SO 91474 24
91717 24 91794 40 91812 80
91577 91903 16|91956 16
92014 80 92101.. 40 92262... 40
92376 ■ 16 92400 40 92679 16
92728 24 92761 16192775 16
92812 16 92932 16 92970., 16
92b72 80 93304 40 ! 93560 16
53770 40 93845 16 94009 16
94027 24 94118 40!94150 16
94349 16;94352 40 94608 24
94672 24 94749 24 94767 24
95069 40J95057 16 95243........ 16
95273 40 95409.: 24 95456 24
95491 16 95500 16 95513 16
95565 24|95621 24 95643 16
95756 16 95822 40 95895.. 24
95939 40 86103 16 96121 .-. 40
96333 16 96438 16 96440. 24
96561 120 96697 24 96895 16
96900 ....... 16 96305 24 96954 40
57013 24 97215 ' 50;97306 16
97374 16 97437 40 97547 16
97589.....'.:.- 16 97618.... 80 97559 40
98067 16 95129 40195159.. 7 16
98215 £098229 18J95252 *.. . 16
98328...'..... 80 ! 98447........ 40188453.'..-.."...- "16-
98464...:.... 24 98506 16 98526.....;.; ' 16 :
98534.. S 16i»8548 16 98610 t.,24-
98690 16J95651 16 98716 16
98842 S0 95596... 16 95937. ' 80
98948.. 16 95955... 24 99039........ 24
99050 ..- 16 99119 24J99162 16
99152 16 1 -'.•: .'. :?:\
99235 ;. 16 99305 16 99446 24
99458........ 16:99540 99563 '40
99787........ 40 99525 24 99991 16
99992 16 I .
Approximation prizes— loo numbers from 83933
to 84033 inclusive being 50 . numbers on each
side of the number drawing the capital prize
of $30,000— $40.
100 numbers from 4722 to 4522 inclusive, being
50 numbers on each side of the number draw-
ing the capital prize of $8000— 524.
100 numbers from 74295 to 74395 Inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each Bide of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000 — $16.
Terminal prizes— numbers ending with 83,
being the two last figures of the number draw-
Ing the .capital prize of $30,000— 58. •
599 numbers ending with 72. being the two last
figures of the number drawing the second
capital prise of $Sooo— sB. S
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing,, class "L,", Honduras Na-
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were " this
day drawn from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras,
C. A., this Saturday, November 12, 1898.
• W. S..CABELL, Commissioner..
One-half of the first capital prize sold to par-
ties in St. John, New Brunswick, Canada. Af-
fidavit of same will be published later.
$3750 for 25c, one-eighth of first capital prize.
NEW YORK, Oct. 17, 1398— Solomon Boruch
Siff of the city of New York, being duly,
sworn, doth depose and say that he resides at
197 Clinton street. In the city of New York:
that he is the true, rightful and bona flda
owner of one-eighth ticket. No. 35373, class X,'
of the Honduras National Lottery Compajiy.
The drawing was held on Saturday, October 8,
1898, at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., which
drew the capital prize of $30,000, and that h«
received the amount of his prize in full.
SOLOMON BORUCH SIFF.
■Witness: W. H. SIFF.
Sworn to before me this 17th day of Octo-
ber, 1898. S. H. MACDOWELL,
. Notary Public Kings County.
Certificate filed in New York County.
$2000 for 50c, one-fourth of second capital
prize.
City and County of New York, State of New
York, Borough of Manhattan— lsidor Bader,
being duly sworn, deposes and says that he re-
sides at No. 127 Monroe street. In the city of
New York, Borough of Manhattan; that he U
the true and rightful and bona fide owner and
holder of one-fourth (JO of the ticket No.
91358, class X, of the Honduras National Lot-
tery Company, the drawing of which was held
on the Bth day of October, 189 S. at Puerto Cor-
tez, Honduras, C. A., which drew the second
capital • prize of eight thousand dollars ($8000), ■
and that he received the amount of his prize
in full. ISIDOR BADER. .
. •-' ;- 127 Monroe street.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of October, 189 S. . SAMUEL ZIPRIS, . .
' 'Notary Public New York County. i
E. J. DEMAREST.
' Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal. , ,
HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANE
■ ■,■.;■■■,, ' ■ ■ '- . .. , .■ ' •■'■■(
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BABKENTINB l
RUTH
WILL SAIL ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOR'
Knslac. Ponape and Ruk, Caroline Islands.
where our trading stations are. These island*
are situated about half way between * Hawaii
and the Philippines, and constitute part of what
must ' soon become American ' colonies. This
vessel will be fitted . with first-class accommo-
dations for a limited ' number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a stndy
of these beautiful and fruitful islands, of whosa
wealth 01. resource* *o little Is known. For
round trip, voyage about five months, $350.
". J. F. CUNNINGHAM CO..
Owners, 14 Clay street, San Francisco.
"DT3TTOUI7O for barbers, bak-
ij X U LlEi era - bootblack*, b»th-
*f *■• V *«'*-*- a - 1 "»* bouse*, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- maker*. . n a er
dyers, flourmiUs. foundries, laundrle*. P*9W*
hanger*, printer*, painter*, shoe factor!**,
tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors. ste.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento at
Weak Men and Women
BHOUL.D USE DAMIANA BITTERS,' THJB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 MartMt.ENGLISH STOCKHOLDERS
BALK HUNTINGTON`S PLAN
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.-L. J. Morrison, counsel for'the pro
tective committee of the English Central Pacific stock
holders, announced to-day that he had received a cablegram
from London to the effect that the English committee,
through one of its members, had commenced a representa
tive action to restrain the board of directors of the Central
Pacific Railway Company from putting a new mortgage on
the property to take up the Government loan and the pres
ent mortgage.
COLUMBIA GOES
TO THE BOTTOM
Seattle-HonoJulu Liner
Sinks at Hilo.
PASSENGERS AND CREW SAVED
SERIES OF THBILLIxVG MIS
FORTUNES.
Tossed by a Furious Gale for Two
Days and Nights, Her Back
** Broken and Hold Filled
With. Water.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. 15.
The steamship Centennial of the Se- ;
attle and Honolulu line arrived this
morning, bringing additional details of
the misfortunes of the steamship
Columbia of the same line. The Colum- '
bia was placed on the Seattle-Honolulu ■
route and on her arrival at Honolulu j
she was covered with libel suits. After i
much delay the libels were temporarily
Batisfied and the vessel started on the
return voyage October 29. From the i
time she left port defects were being
found among various parts of her ma- \
chlnery which kept the engineering de- !
partment busy fixing them, and the !
pumps commenced giving uut one at a
time. To add to these misfortunes a
■ heavy northeast wind sprung up, the j
vessel rolled and pitched and the pas- j
eengers were tossed about like leaves, j
it being impossible to walk either on
deck or in the cabin. On November 31 j
the gale increased and it was found j
that a seam had opened amidships, that \
the steam pipes were straining badly I
end the vessel was being rilled with es- j
caping steam from the joints.
Investigation showed that water was
streaming in over the cement places on
the sides of the room opposite the en
gines and that the boilers had broken
loose from their cement foundations, j
Further Investigation revealed the fact j
that seven streams from six to eight j
inches wide and one inch in thickness
were pouring- in amidships and another
stream twelve inches wide was pouring
into the lire room. The condition of the |
vessel became critical and Captain 1
Milnor called the officers together for
consultation. Running for various
points was discussed and it was de
cided to make for Hiio. The vessel was
In latitude 26 degrees 14 minutes north,
400 miles from Hilo, when the order was
given to put about.
When the vessel turned the steam
steering gear broke and hand gear was
coupled on. The storm increased in
fury, two more seams opened in the
stern, and the one amidships was con
stantly growing larger. Another also
opened in the sleeve of the stern gear-
Ing through which the water was rush- j
Ing. The shaft had been knocked out
of place and was turning at an angle,
causing a friction which »heated the
■water coming through that part of the
vessel. The water-tight bulkheads in
the lower Hold separating the boiler and
engine-rooms from the fore and aft
compartments were torn loose. These
spaces would open and close with the
rolling of the vessel. So heavily did the
vessel labor that her backbone parted
amidships and it became h fight for life.
Boats were got in readiness for im
mediate use, and according to Captain
Milnor it seemed impossible to reach
port. Great coolness was displayed in
the engineers' de] ..rtm^nt, where the
bursting of the main steam pipe was
momentarily expected, which meant
death to all therein.
The Columbia finally reached Hllo in j
a sinking condition and the passengers
and crew were landed while the vessel
was gradually going to the bottom.
Several of the crew were severely in- |
jured. The passengers were transferred
to the Centennial and safely landed I
here. Captain Milnor has asked for a
survey of the steamer by the board of j
underwriters. The Columbia has had
bad luck ever since her advent on this
coast. She received injuries on the
South American coast, requiring ex
tensive repairs, which were not proper
ly made, I^aks being plastered up with
cement, and paintr-d so it was not no
ticeable to the underwriters' inspectors.
The vessel had been condemned by
the board of survey. She was valued
at about $100,000. was insured for $60,000,
and was owned principally by Alex
ander Baillie of Tacoma.
WILL INFORM DREYFUS
OF HIS GOOD FORTUNE
Court of Cassation Decides to Notify
Him of the Revision Pro
ceedings.
PARIS, Nov. 15.— The Court of Cassa- j
tlon has informal the Minister of the '
Colonies, M. Guillain, that it has decided
that Dreyfus shall be informed by tele
graph that the revision proceedings have
commenced and that ho mii.st prepare his
defense-. The Ministry of the Colonies
has received a cable dispatch saying
Dreyfus is ii ealth. Questions will
now be di ; sted to Dreyfus,
who will formulate his n-piies
The decision of the court Is. In a. way.
something of a victory for Mme. Drey
fus, who has mr some time b*en endeav
oring to secure leave to inform her hus
band of what has occurred during the
past few months in his favor. She was i
the more anxious to do this from the fact I
that the prisoner was reported to be final- \
ly sinking Into the very depth* of despair
owing to the apparent hopelessness or his
position.
ADELiNA PATTI TO TRY
MATRIMONY AGAIN
Announces Her Betrothal to Baron
Corderstrom, a Swedish
Nobleman.
LONDON. Nov. 15.— Mme. Adelina Pattl-
Nioolini announccp her betrothal to Baron
Corderstrom. a Swedish nohleman. The
marriage will take place next February
Kaiser Arrives at Malta.
VALETTA. Island of Malta. Nov. 15.—
The Imperial yacht Hohenzollem. with
the Emperor and Empress of Germany on
board, arrived here to-day.
REVOLUTION IN
SAN SALVADOR
President Gutierrez Is a
Prisoner.
CAPTURED BY THE REBELS
BEVOLT MAY ASSUME SOME IM
PORTANCE.
Is Not Directed Against the Chief
Executive, but Against the
Confederation of Re
publics.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: A cablegram received at the
State Department from Acting Consul
Baruch at San Salvador confirms the
announcement of a revolution in Sal
vador. The message further states that
President Gutierrez has been taken
prisoner. No request for a warship is
made, but in view of the seriousness of
the situation it is probable that the
orders to the Philadelphia will be
changed so that she will start as soon
as possible for the Salvadorean coast,
or instructions will be given to the gun
boat \v heeling to proceed to La Liber
tad and provide protection for Ameri
can interests.
With the capture of the president of
the state, the revolution In Central
America usually ends, but this is not
likely to be th^ case, as Salvador is a
state in the Greater Republic of Cen
tral America, and Nicaragua and Hon
duras are required by the constitution
thereof to put down the rebellion. They
will probably restore Senor Gutierrez
to power. A diplomat familiar with the
situation in Central Ajnerica told me
to-night that the revolt was not par
ticularly directed against Senor Gutier
rez, but against the Greater Republic.
"There's a conservative party in Sal- j
vador," he said, "which is opposed to
the union and has taken advantage of
the fact that the republic is only two
weeks old to bring about a revolution
in order to discredit It in the eyes of
the world. President Gutierrez was a
conservative until recently and opposed
the entrance of Salvador into the union,
but the reports made by Salvadorean I
delegates to Congress showt I the ad- ■
vantages of the union and he changed
his ideas. Salvador is now like one of
the States of the United States. She
Is responsible to the federal govern
ment and this government will sup
press the revolution. Strong bodies of
troops can be sent into Salvador with
dispatch by Honduras and these
troops can be quickly reinforced from
Nicaragua.
OUTLAWS MEET
HOT RESISTANCE
Three Slain and Four
Wounded.
Special Dispatoh to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— A Sun spe
cial from Wichita, Kans., says: Three
dead and four wounded outlaws are in
a, back room of the Chelsea National
Bank at Chelsea, Indian Territory, to
night, the victims of a fight with Dep
uty Marshals in the streets of that
town early this morning. Two Deputy
Marshals and one citizen are seriously
injured. The dead are:
Zip Williams.
J. Harry Williams.
John Uourd.
All are outlaws. The wounded are:
Cook Still, outlaw, shot through the
right sh'nildor.
Sam Sixkiller, outlaw, shot in leg.
Harry King, outlaw, both arms shot
through.
Red Bird, full-blood Creek Indian,
shot in breast; will die.
Deputy Marshals Hendrix and James
were both shot in breast, and Will Par
ker, a citizen, was hit in the arm by a
stray bullet.
The battle began at daylight when
the train came in and was waged for a
half-hour. The outlaws came into
Chelsea about 3 o'clock In the morning.
Intending to rob the bank before any
one was awake and then hold up the
passenger train which arrives at Chel
sea at daylight.
Their plan to rob the bank succeeded,
but when they rode over to stop the
passenger train the outlaws were met
vith a heavy fire from police aboard
the train.
When the train came in the two Wil
liams boys and John Gourd jumped on
tht first passenger coach and started
through, while the others tackled the
express car.
Deputy Marshals and a posse of eight
men were in the smoker and opened
fire, killing the three outlaws who came
into the coach before the outlaws had a
chance to fire a shot.
The others started toward their po
nies. All the Marshals remained on
the coach, except Hendrix and James,
who jumped out and started to fol
low.
The four outlaws took refuge behind
their ponies and a battle waged for a
half hour. Finally all the outlaws
were so badly injured that they -
forced to surrender.
Accused of Setting Forest Fires.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 15.— Deputy Unit
ed States Marshal Pourade brought in
from San Jacinto to-day Christ Mo Kane
and William Harley, two sheep herders
who are charged with mallcioussy setting
fire on the Government forest reservation.
They were examined and their trial set
for November 21. Charles Benris was
brought from San Bernardino, charged
with the same offense, except that he was
charged with carelessness instead of ma
liciousness
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1898.
SECRETARY OF STATE-ELECT.
CHARLES F- CURRY.
BRYAN ON THE
LATE ELECTION
Not a Sweeping Repub
lican Victory.
GAINS EQUALED BY LOSSES
QUESTIONS OVERSHADOWED BY
THE WAR.
Free Silver Coinage, He Says, Will
Again Be the Paramount Issue
After the Conclusion
of Peace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. 15.— Colonel W.
J. Bryan to-night gave to the Asso
ciated Press the following interview
relative to the late election:
"While I do not understand that ser
vice in the volunteer army prevents a
soldier from expressing opinions upon
political questions, I declined to take
part in the late campaign lest I should
be accused by partisan opponents of
attempting to embarrass the adminis
tration. Now that the election is over
I shall exercise a privilege of discussing
the returns.
"Compared with the election of 1896
the Republicans have gained in some
places and lost in others. It was not a
sweeping Republican victory. On the
whole the result is not surprising when
it is remembered that the administra
tion is just concluding a successful
war. While a majority of the soldiers
are probably anti-Republican the man
agement of the war has been entirely in
Republican hands, and the strongest
argument used during the campaign
was that a Republican defeat would
discredit V. \ President in the eyes of
foreign nations.
"It was not a trail upon the issues
now before the people, but a successful
plea for a continuance of the case. The
people have not accepted the gold
standard; they have not fallen in love
with the plan to give the banks a mo
nopoly of the issue of paper money;
they have not decided to retire the
greenbacks; they have not surrendered
to the trusts.
"These questions were forced into the
background by the declaration of war,
but they must be faced again as soon
las peace is restored. The Chicago plat
! form presents for public consideration
I certain vital, economic questions'. That
; platform has not been abandoned by
j those who indorsed it in 1896. It will be
' reaffirmed in 1900, because it gives cx
i pression to the hopes and aspirations
of a large majority of the party.
"When the Democrats, Populists and
j Silver Republicans favored -üban ln
' dependence they understood that war
would give a temporary advantage to
the party in power, but they were will-
Ing to risk defeat in order to aid the
people fighting to be free.
"Neither can the election be regarded
i as an indorsement of any definite foi«
! eign policy. Until a treaty of peace has
! been entered into and the terms made
known the people cannot pass judg
ment upon it. Whether the war will
raise any question of sufficient import
ance to turn public attention away
from domestic problems remains to be
seen."
In regard to the Nebraska election he
said: "A liglv. vote was cast in Ne
braska, but the fusionists have elected
\ the entire State ticket and carried the
same Congressional districts that they
carried in 1896. If Senator Allen is de
' feated for re-elertion it will be because
Hf-nators are elected by legislators in-
I stead at by the people. If a Republican
i Senator is chosen by the next Legisla
ture he will go to Washington to repre
sent a minority of the people of the
State and to thwart the will of the
majority."
TWO SANTA CRTTZANS DEAD.
Alexander Russell and Louis M. Cox
Pass Away.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 15.— Alexander
Russell died suddenly at 10:30 o'clock this
morning at Watsonvllle from heart dis
ease. He left this city yesterday after
noon for Watsonville on business. He
was a member of the Society of Pioneers
and had resided since early days lift this
city. He was a man of means, owning
among other valuable property, the Rus
set] Tract, where all the State militia en
campments were held, and was also a
large stockholder in the City Bank. He
was a native of Ireland and 58 years old.
Louis M. Cox, one of the old settlers,
died this morning at the age of 70 years.
He waa a native of New York,
GLOOMY OUTLOOK
FOR MRS. BOTKIN
Many Witnesses Coming
From Delaware.
DUNNING TO BE AMONG THEM
SAYS HE WILL SHOW UP THE
FEMALE FIEND.
Attorney General White Will Per
sonally Assist at the Trial and
Is Confident of Con
viction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILMINGTON, Del., Nov. 15.—At
torney General Robert C. White to
night announced that he would go to
California to personally assist in the
trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. The thir
teen witnesses from Delaware and the
Attorney General will leave in time to
be present at the opening of the trial.
Among the witnesses from Delaware
will be John P. Dunning, the husband
of one of the murdered women. Dun
ning talked freely of his trip to-day.
He said:
"It will be frightfully unpleasant, and
I shall be put in a bad light, I know,
but I'll show that female fiend up with
out any mercy. It is easier for a man
to have his past life thrown before the
public presence in a distant country. I
might have hesitated had it been here,
but there nothing shall be held back."
Dunning expressed a firmer opinion
than ever that Mrs. Botkin was the
slayer of his wife, although he consid
ered her trial in California a farce, and
that the only place for speedy justice
to be done was Delaware.
Asked what defense the California
woman intended to lean upon, Dunning
intimated that her strongest defense
was to further fight a trial. He had
no fear either for himself or for the
safety of the case as to what the wo
man intended to bring out.
"Of course," he added, "she will not
spare me, and I am very willing that
nothing should be spared."
Attorney General White explained
how the authorities intend to allow
Mrs. Botkin *. > loupholo for escape. No
technicalities ■ f the law will save the
woman now. Should one jury disagree
she will be tried and retried. Should
she be acquitted the authorities will
then put her on trial for the murder of
Mrs. Deane, and having gotten a
glimpse of the defense she makes can
surely gain a conviction. This failing,
the appeal from the California Supreme
Court will be taken through the Federal
court and the accused woman will then
be tried for the double murder, which,
not being the same offense as either 01
the former causes, will not place her
life in jeopardy twice, as the constitu
tion prohibits.
Detective McVey, who is one of the
thirteen witnesses, will be sent on in
advance, to be ready at any moment
with his Federal court appeal or to
thwart any motive to prevent or delay
a trial or secure the release of the al
leged wholesale poisoner.
LIVELY RAILROAD RIVALRY.
Two Competing Lines Being Located
Up in Idaho.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 15.— A special to
the Oregon ian from Lewiston, Idaho,
says:
The Northern Pacific and Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Company are locat
ing lines in the Nez Perce country, Idaho.
Appearances Indicate a lively contest be
tween the two companies, it looks as if
there will be plenty of railroad building
in the North Pacific Coast States this sea
son. The Northern Pacific is the aggres
sor. The Navigation Company is sup
posed to be backed by the Union Pacific
and the Great Northern, and the con
test promises to be a lively one. It looks
as if dividends will go into the new rail
lines instead of to the stockholders.
FOUND DEAD IN A SLOUGH.
Charles Lambrecht of Scandia Lost
on a Hunting Trip.
SITISUN, Cal., Nov. 15.— Charles I^am
brecht, son of Ludwig I,ambrfK"ht of
Scandia. near Suisun, who left his home
about 2 o'clock last Saturday afternoon
on a hunting trip in Mnntezuma Slough,
was found about dusk this evening in the
mud about fifty yards from his home.
When the unfortunate young man left
home ho promised to return early the
same evening. The parents became
alarmod when the hour became late and
their son failed to return. Neighboring
friends started in search, but were unable
to find any trace of him until late this
evening, when the body was found by
Claus Lambrecht about ten yards from
the wharf covered with mud.
CURRY'S ELECTION
NOW ASSURED
His Plurality Is Nearly
Four Thousand.
-FEW PRECINCTS YET TO COME
OFFICIAL FIGURES FROM MOST
OF THE COUNTIES.
The Latest Returns Indicate That
Gage Will Have a Plurality of
Fully Twenty Thousand
Over Maguire. •
Later and fuller returns received yes
terday Indicate that the election of C.
F. Curry as Secretary of State over
R. A. Thompson is assured beyond a
doubt.
Complete official returns have been
received from thirty-five counties, par
tial returns from twenty counties and
two counties— Alpine and Trinity
have not been heard from at all.
The figures presented in the follow
ing table comprise the returns from
2112 precincts out of the 2407 precincts
In the State, and show a net plurality
for Curry of 3896. The counties from
which complete official returns have
been received are indicated by a star.
2.0
a?
1°
COUNTIES.
n
m *
: **
• at
n b i 1i 1
if if :?
' * • i .i
I • £ '
• 2
'lie
. t
215
Alnnieda ....
Alpine ......
-.- iiinilur .. .
Batte
*Calaveras .
fColasa
*C. Conta. . . .
*Del Xorte. ..
#-El Dorado..
Fresno
■H-IJifiin
Kiuiiholdt . ..
Inyo ........
Kern .......
iiiKS ....'.
- l.t-Ut* ......
Lassen ......
1.0.i Anjceles.
■jf.Mndera ....
- >!.:r!n
Marlpoiia . . .
#Merced ....
7-Modoc .....
Mono .......
*Monterey . .
#Nnpa
Nevada >
; Oran»e
#Pluccr
«rinmnß ....
#Rlver»ide ..
Snoramen(o ..
-••:-Si«n Benlto.
San Bern'do.
San Dlegro. . .
San Franco.
; •jfS. JoaTialn..
*S. 1.. Oblspo
■S-Sjih Mateo..
■H-S. Barbara.
i Sun til Clara.
| 4tSnnta Crnz.
Sill: . .'. . ..
*Slcrrn
- s'nMvou . .
I ■X-Solano
i Sonoma ....
| -ir.Staninlana .
■JfSntter
I 4tTehama ...
; Trinity
! Tulare .....
ifTuolumnc .
| *Ventnra ...
| Yolo I
I Vuba
117
117 215......
"*«i ""ioiil III!
45 -"-
32 222 ......
21 ! i 589
iiS\ 47« ......
9 74
3«| I HI
6o] .. 448
16. V 210
42 953
12 ...... 45
14...... 114
10 71
10... ... | 19»
22 7O
168 3,5,54;
24...... 22J>
22 74
3.. 45
2:5.. 340
! 15 183
| 5| 113
44 77
25 295
17 25
20 2<S5
40 4<>7|
17 174|
47 «7«|
<{*j 1,503 ..... .
18 i 204
43 400......
74 427
302 i 0,317
5O 121
37 214
18 258
38 435
71 1,788
37 »8
17 85
231 255
44 26
3O 101 ......
31...... 258
22 432
17 130
32 8C
" '42 '.'.'.'. '. '. " *238
27 2»1
23! 254
25! 112
I 21 140
' 2.112 14.500 10,JM)4
1
"*953
l\" *ii 3
[\
1,8
Total
There are unmistakable indications
that Henry T. Gage will show a plu
rality in excess of 20,000 over James G.
Maguire for Governor when the com
plete returns are in.
Up to late last night complete official
returns had been received from thirty
two counties, partial returns from
twenty-four and one county — Alpine —
had not been heard from. Figures were
received from 2017 precincts out of the
2407 in the State. They showed a net
plurality of 19,299 for Gage. Should
Gage average a plurality of but two in
each of the precincts to be canvassed
he will pass the 20,000 mark. In the
table herewith the counties marked
with a star have returned complete of
ficial counts:
a?
3?
e'*
s-
On
$1
in,
So
n'
P.
•I
• (8
"■'•■* • ■
:* : ©
fir
n
•S * Cm
* ft
' * m
• H
; 0:
. *
COUNTIES.
11
3,740 /. . . .;.
"" 47 '.'.'.'.'.'.
835
277 i
...7. . 413
4J41 ......
49......
I ...... MX '
j 533 j
...... 2«7;
0K!...... |
.. 8 i
151
SO ..... . ;
. . .... 130
115 I
3.74H
AinniP'ia . . ..
Alpine ......
rf M'litlor .. .
Ilatte .......
jfCulavernn .
*('nlusa ....
#C. CoHtn. . . .
•X-Oel - Xorte. .
- I. I Dnrr.iln..
Krenno .....
C;icnn
Hnmboidt . ..
Inj o '..
Kern .......
*hin|{» . . . . .
•SrliUkj* ......
Lnnscn ......
I>oi» Angeles.
Madrra
-X 'MurSn . .• . .
Martpona . . .
Mendoelno ...
*Mereed . . . .
#Modoe ..'.;.
Monterey ..
Mouo
Vaiui
Nevada. . . . . .
fOrnnKe .. ..
*l'Jncer . .• .
#Plnmn« .. • .
*Rlver«lde . .
Sneramento ..
•K-Sun Benlto.
Sun Bern'do.
San Diejfo. . .
San Franco.
•5f S. Joaqnin . .
*S. L. Obl*i>o.
■ifSan Mateo..
-:-S. : Ilarbara.
Snnta Clara.
#Sitnta Crnz.
SliHftta . ... . .
-"•Sierra . . • • •
->;-.*» lnk t yon .. .
SolllllO
Sonoma . . . ..
-K-StanlnlanM .
Sntter ... ...
*'IV!inma . . .
Trinity
Tnlare . . . • .
•jfTuolamne .
Ventura . ...
*Yolo . . . . . •
'. nba
-
I
!
i 26
::.ii!M ...... |
18
•■ • :aa
400
400... ... I
I ...... I 43
...... 177
274 •
174 |
...... | 55
7«' ...... :
301> ...... !
. 35»| ..... . !
211 ......
408......
11«... ...
«OO
2.270
! 24« i
2J>4 .... ..
arts ..
3,478
870...... !
...... 171 |
489
330....;.
.1,995 ......
«8 ......
! ...... 357 i
277......
15
742 ...... '
349... .. .
...... i 209
181
...... I 82 !
83.... .. I
...... 54U
! ...... ' 379 i
275 ... ...
44......
202... . . .
23,G19| 4.320 J
C.'.'.'.'.
!!.. .
W
Total
|2.407|2.017!
LEARNED A LESSON.
The Poolrooms Paid Thompson Tick
ets and Are Now Regret
ting the Fact.
The latest returns which have turned
the tables in the Curry and Thompson
fight have taught the proprietors of the
large poolrooms of the city a lesson they
will not forget in a hurry. The first re
turns from the State fight gave Thomp
son for Secretary of State a safe ma
jority over Curry, and as this impression
was allowed to remain for several days
it became almost an established fact that
the Democratic candidate had succeeded
where his less successful colleagues had
failed. The Call yesterday published the
fact that the table of fignres furnished
ADVEBTISXMCENTE. _■■___ JJI *i.-"^-LL
take a cup of Armour's beef tea and vigoral at
■a- ■■MA«xrc '• demonstration counter, aisle 2 : new dark room
SlO v IIvWS • in which to try night effect on silks: busy prepar-
ations up and down stairs for thanksgiving and
Christmas ladies' parlor and nurse for baby.
Santa Claus is rushing overland: oh, what a
happy time we are preparing.
"oil! to be a child again and sit on mother's
knee"* motner w '" tn er smile, mother .with her tender
' care, and to feel all the swift blood of oh'ildhood
course through our veins ; some of us can be with mother
this thanksgiving, some cannot ; but let us make some one
happier and after the blessing of thanksgiving has passed
Xmas claims its due, and toys for the little ones, fancy
. work for mother, more useful things for father : we think
of these and supply them.
leather goods S^^icS l^ I toweling g ag« a wl^ e n :
for presents IT^lT^i, attraction v^ led i a p r"f • %£
inside pocket, calf lined, CO f*f| purchase, per yard /Vl '
10-lnfh tl>^&»tJVf 1
11 19 ii ifi inch 'ron+nn 3 bales, bleached, extra
52 50 $3 00 $4 25 $4 75 each ! L^aMOn heavy; \ the housewife
52 50 $3 00 $4.d 54 75 each fl aTlTia | knows very well when.
chestnut club imitation alligator, j I*d1 * d> 1 I1 " e * . on she sees this, and
japanned frame, inside pocket. feels it, that it s wortn much Qq
10 12 14 I*s inch | niore vw
75c 90c $1 05 $1 20 each j Hnvc » hlVvPlfi 43 dozen boys-
cabin alligator bag. leather lined «OyS blCyCl6 Waek cotton bi-
frame. leather bound; last a lifetime. ; hOSiery quality? cordu^
57 00 58 50 510 50 I roy ribbed, garter top, spliced heels
17 00 5S °° 10 oo j and toes . fast color and seam • IQq
dress suit cases, steel frame, olive less; sizes 6to 9........:........ mvr
grained, 22-inch, 52 85; CO QPS 1(1 flfJO yd heavy .'quality, all-
24-inch *$<&o*J*J IUjUUU jrUD pure silk, satin and
] rinnnn ros raln » in 25 rich
another quality, olive leather bound, | IUUUII shades, including
steel frame, 22-inch, ss 00; CX PZfl j black, worth one-third more than w«
24-inch 5>0.0U ask. . ' . ■ * ; .
! No. 5, 5c yard, or 50c piece,
alligator purse, thumb clasp, O£Ir" No. 7, 6c yard, or 60c piece.
leather lined AWv jjo.c o . 9, s l-3c yard, or 80c piece
No. 12, 10c yard, or 51 00 piece.
lizard skin (imitation) ladies' pocket No. 16. 12V>c yard, or 51 25 piece,
book, sterling silver corner, 7C r No. 22, 15c yard, or 51 50 piece,
leather lined COW jjo.; o . 40, 20c yard, or 5200 pieca.
937 to 947 Market Street. '
ask for our little booklet, "Ye turkey, how to cook and
"the linen store. " V? how to carve it," Free. "
UIB 1111*11 »'»"■ • . .
Mr HiiNRY. I have been troubled a long time with what I suppose
' they call dyspepsia. I call it ind!gestion. I have
had <reat pain in my chest for many years, and I
used to have difficulty in breathing at times, and
feel as if something had stuck in my throat, especially
after eating, and I always had to be careful what I
ite I dared not eat pastry or hot rolls, and at twnej
{ would get dizzy in my head. I tried Pepsm and
other patent medicines, and I did not find much
benefit until the man at the drug store wnexe I deal
asked me to try Ripans Tabules. . did, and I tdlyoa
I felt more benefit from one box of Ripans Tatro*»
than aH the other stuff I had been taking. I hadaboat
three or four boxes, and I am cared. I don t have
the pain in my chest, my bowels are more tegular,
and I can eat any kind of food that is put before me.
<Ripans Tabules have made a good cure for me, and
\I tell you I tell all my friends to try them. -
by the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany were incorrect, and that instead of
Thompson being elected he had been de
feated by a plurality of over 4000 votes.
These are the facts in the case as they
have been revealed up to date, but it was
the first few days after the election,
when the election of Thompson seemed a
certainty, that the poolrooms began to
pay off" on these two candidates. The
State ticket seemed a sure thing as early
as last Tuesday night week, and when
Wednesday passed without anything be
ing received to upset the first figures, the
men who receive wagers for a considera
tion began to think it was a question of
a dead cock in the pit, so whenever a
man showed up with a Thompson ticket
he got the cash without any questions
being asked. The prominent poolroom
men are ashamed to own that they, who
are supposed to be onto a thing or two,
have been taken in, and are keeping their
losses a secret.- As a matter of fact, not
tion, but still there was enough
placed in this city on Curry
and Thompson to make a snug
sum. It means a dead loss to the men
who do the cashing, but they can't af
ford to kick because of the laugh that
they would get.
On the other hand, in many instances
those that held tickets on Curry destroy
ed them after the first returns seemed
such a certainty, and now they are kick
ing themselves for their simplicity.
Quite a number, however, held on to the
bits of pasteboards as souvenirs of their
lack of judgment, and like the wise men,
are now saying: "I told you so."
There is no Way of getting at the
amount that was paid out by the pool
rooms, but it\can be safely stated that
nearly all tickets held on Thompson were
cashed. It is reported that some Repub
licans, even after they received the first
returns, refused to believe that Curry had
been defeated and backed up their con
victions with the cash, so that now they
are giving the knowing smile to their
less wise brethren.
DEATH OF PROFESSOR
THOMAS A. KENNEDY
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— Professor Thomas
A. Kennedy of London. England, died at
the home of his sister in this city to-day
of Bright's disease. Professor Kennedy
is a well-known hypnotist and had just
arrived in Chicago from Melbourne. Aus
tralia, where he had just finished a two
years' engagement. He was taken sud
denly ill in Melbourne and left at once
for this country. He had intended to
make a tour of the United States before
returning to England. He is well. known
in San Francisco, where he had lived a
number of years.
Held to Answer for Criminal Libel.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 15.— Zach Xevers
has been held to answer the charge of
criminal libel before the Superior Court.
The complaining witness is Justice Gard
ner, who lately ran for office and whom
Xevers attacked in a printed circular.
DR. JWEYERS «Sb CO.,
Specialists for All Diseases of Men.
rrr HKSE SUCCBS9-
-1 f v I physicians
ifS J^^"*liMi cave the most exten-
fitp&W > ~^^^ v|R Blve practice and
largest and beat
EjEsp / w equipped medical - 1d-
C^fc^v-f 'si Etitution on the Pa-
TOwff K&B!&&2MB9^ cine Coast. They hay»
/■Vsr v l££&£H#>&r\ such confldenco la
'1 a>l wT-Sllv thelr ability that
i\ «'H!« I^^^ feSj they, will let the pa-
'• \ Ih j • ; ,y' iJ^M tlent deposit the prtc«
J/» >»eJii*'7 1 .-^SBIs^ of a cure in any bank .
WMntSSb* it^Hd or wlth any business
'#MsSJSS?iR-is%^-^JHr^M s 5JSS?iR-i5%^-^JHr^ nouse or newspaper
S4%W#tffl< in San Francisco, to
i^a^S 'r^ii^Xm 'l be paid to them when
\%&&S^ti&^ss2Wf£ the cure is effected.
ii2x?3\ JV\«3J*4^?S? <? or will take monthly
gfSg?^ j^_Jl| Installments If th«
Established 17 Tears. P^,'^
home. Advice and private book tree. - Letter*
confidential. DR. METERS & CO.. Wl Market
St., San Francisco, " Cal." . • ..'■'. '
US9 / S!s^,
Facial Soap s^/ Facial Cream.
Age. Illness, Care cause Wrinkles. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West 42d
st.; N. T.. 163 State St., Chicago, has had over
2G years' practical experience removing Wrta-
kles, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain..
iVCnVIIMxoST VIGOR,
IMCnVI I A* LOST VIGOR,
g*sjm ~ "^"^ANDMANHOOO
QtisjfK'^\ Cures Impotocy Night Emissions and wa«in*
HB3g diseases, all effects of seif'abuse, or excest and
indiscretion. A nerve»tonic and fclood'builder.
' w> Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re*
tt r\^\-nJ stores the lire of youth> By mail 600 per
■Sf&hfw^v bon 6 boxes for $2.50; with a wriaea
j^Oyfif^ guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Ikrvita medical co., CMnton * Jactnoa *t»., 0)JOfl».
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye., San Francisco.
Munyon's Headache and Indigestion Cure
is the ; only remedy en ti-e . market that
wiircure every form of Headache In S
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stkn*
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. V It should be 7in j every home ' and
| every traveler's '■ ripsack. At all Drug*
Cists. 25 cures. 25c. ..
n^^^vL/ WHEN YOU
jPlplm. Require an ELEC-
Kfc^<^l_^^TßlC ; BELT get "Dr.
Pierces" and you will
''i^3&£rvfr not be ■ disappointed. *
-^J^"" Call or.addr«M PIERCS
„ n .; ._ ELECTRIC CO., , 880
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel), 8. F..-
34
BOASTED THAT THE EXAMINER
AND CHRONICLE WERE BRIBED
Sherman Also Assured McDon
ald That Hart Had Been
Corrupted.
Officials and Newspapers Bought by the
Wreckers to Support the
Crumbling Banks.
The letters of Moses H. Sherman re
veal more, perhaps, of the terrible his
tory of the McDonald banks than any
other epistles ever written. In the doc
uments published this morning the
arch-conppiratur congratulates his con
federates that two of the morning
newspapers of this city, the Chronicle
and the Examiner, had been bribed and
need not be feared by the wreckers in
any way. This information Mr. Sher
man sent his associates to assure them
that in their manipulations they need
have no fear of unfavorable comment
in these newspapers. Sherman also
declared that Attorney General Hart
was in the camp of the conspirators
and was absolutely at their disposal for
anything they might demand. When
the letter referring to Hart was writ
ten Sherman, A. F. Johns, D. M. Tom
blln and others who surrounded the
McDonalds were in Sacramento to
lobby through the Legislature a bill for
the division of Fresno County.
The lobby thus established at the
State Capitol was a corrupt one. Hart,
as already indicated, was giving what-
THE CONSPIRATORS WERE "SOLID" WITH HART.
One of the most important letters written by M. H. Sherman had reference to
Ex-Attorney Genera! W. H. H. Hart, who was criminally in collusion with the
bank wreckers. In the early part of 1893, during the session of the Legislature,
Hart was in consultation with wreckers at Sacramento. In a letter to Dick
McDonald Sherman jubilantly declared that they were "solid" with Hart and
could congratulate themselves on the fact that he would remain in office for
two years longer. At that time the McDonalds had sent Sherman, Johns and
- others to the State Capitol to lobby through the Legislature a bill for the
division of Fresno County and the creation of Madera County.
ever assistance his official position
made it possible to command. Sher
man assured Dick McDonald that the
Southern Pacific Company would be
taken into the camp of the wreckers
and would exercise its influence in their
behalf. With these tremendous sources
of power, the Chronicle and the Exam-
iner, Attorney General Hart and the
Southern Pacific Company and a judl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it— noth-
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
)s, the nearer does it approach
clous expenditure of coin, the bank
wreckers planned their campaign and
succeeded.
They could rely upon the silence of
two newspapers, the collusion of a high
official of the State and the co-opera
tion of a great corporation. Sherman
indicates in these letters that he was
the chief manipulator in securing this
tremendous advantage for the dishon
est bankers. His letters necessarily are
of exceptional interest.
Sherman was not only fearful of the
blackmail of local papers, but feared
those in the southern part of the State.
He informed Dick that a great paper
in Southern California was about to
change hands, and he would have It so
arranged that the McDonalds could use
the paper for whatever purposes they
pleased. Incidentally Sherman re
marked that it Had cost him a great
deal of money to keep the City Council
of Phoenix from interfering with hia
schemes and projects. In these let
ters this man discusses blackmail, brib
erj-, official corruption and private dis
honesty as simple business propositions,
in which he takes part without the
slightest disturbance to his conscience.
He saw immorality only in the efforts
of any one to secure money from him.
That seemed to have been the only
offense he understood and he bordered
on hysteria when he discovered that a
man to whom he had already given
$1000 demanded $1400 more. In Mr.
Sherman's code of ethics, as revealed
in his remarkable letters, It was a
stroke of shrewd business policy and
highly commendable to corrupt the At
torney General of this State, to buy
the silence of newspapers and to bribe
City Councils. It is probable that in
the history of great events on this
coast, in affairs that involved millions
of dollars and the reputations of prom
inent men, there is no parallel to these
letters. While Sherman discussed his
own corrupt methods he found time to
dream of fabulous wealth in new yen*
tures, and he suggested to Dick Mc-
Donald the absurd project of floating
five million of dollars of bonds on the
London market.
THE CONSPIRATORS ESTABLISH A FOR
MIDABLE LOBBY IN SACRAMENTO.
At one stage of the conspiracy the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1898.
OF INTEREST TO PACIFIC AND PEOPLE'S HOME
SAVINGS DEPOSITORS.
When The Call began the first complete exposure and
disclosure of the crimes and offenses which wrecked the
Pacific Bank and robbed thirteen thousand depositors in
the People's Home Savings Bank it said expressly that it
was not for any purpose of newspaper sensation, but to
vindicate the general soundness of our financial institutions
which withstood the panic of 1893 and to point to the de
spoiled depositors a way to partial recovery of their
losses.
The Call is in possession of proof which makes it pos
sible for those depositors to better themselves. The Call
has evidence to prove that conveyance of property and as
sets belonging to the wrecked banks is vitiated by fraud
and it is at the disposal of- the robbed depositors if they
will put their interests in the hands of any legal represen
tative who can communicate with this paper.
This evidence will be published in its proper order,
and The Call makes this announcement in order that it may
inure to the interests of the depositors and not to the ad=
vantage of speculators in their misfortunes.
sion of Fresno County and the creation
of a county of Madera. This division
of the county was made at the session
of the Legislature in 1893, and Dick Mc-
Donald sent several of his parasites to
Sacramento to lobby in favor of divi
sion. It was believed that if the coun,
ty of Madera was created, the town of
Madera would be made the county seat
and the McDonald interests there and
the John Brown crlony would be great
ly enhanced in value. Among the par
asites who went to Sacramento was M.
H. Sherman, who promised that he
would secure the co-operation of
Fourth and Townsend streets with th*
scheme. This of course meant South
ern Pacific influence. Sherman's let
ter on the subject was written in this
city and is as follows:
Monday, a. m.
Mv Pear Friend: I wired you yes
terday at your home, 813 Sutter street,
of my coming up. There are some
parties in I.os Anprelps who are pull
ing true to Boat, and you ana self, wlio
wnnted certain thins?. 1 am getting
Fourth ami Townsend street to help
up. 1 think I will go to Sacramento
to-night or to-morrow. V<,ur telegrams
Wf , ro splendid. I attended to every
thing just as you told me to, promptly.
You will win, too, sure. H. 1L ».
BOOMING THE MOHAWK CANAL SCHEME
OP ARIZONA.
Sherman never tired of flattery or de
ception. In the letter that will follow
he deliberately misrepresents two of
the various schemes into which he had
inveigled the McDonalds and sugar
coated his deceit with fulsome flattery.
Monday, a. m.
My Dear Friend: F. V. was much
pleased with the way Smith had man
aged things hero. He and wo all feel
that the time is near at hand when
all these things will be on top and you
can say we aro free. Everything in
Arizona is booming. F. V. was much
pleased thore. Your Mohawk property
(Yuma County) is a fine property and
will bring you large money one of
these days. I think of you every day
(Dr. J. told me of your kind words an<l
thoughts toward me, for which I
thank you much. Good by, M. ft.
SHERMAN COMES TO THE ASSISTANCE
OF 0. T. DYER.
A fellow feeling made Sherman kind
toward O. T. Dyer. Sherman was get
ting hundreds of thousands of dollars
out of the Pacific Bank and so was
Dyer. Dick had called Dyer all sorts
of names, but in the following letter
Sherman begged the young banker to
believe that he had made a grievous
mistake:
Monday, a. m.
My Dear Friend: I have, been think
ing of you all the morning. How are
you Saw Mr. D. and had a long talk
with him. Really I do believe we have
been mistaken in the man. "You know
I have disliked him, if possible more
than you, but in his talk yesterday
he seemed so grateful to you and
spoke so feelingly that I made up my
mind we had been mistaken. He 13
working very hard now, so all tell me,
and it looks as if he would get out O.
K. Please not work too hard. You
looked half sick the day I was there.
Very truly, M. H. SHERMAN.
HOW THE WRECKERS GUARDED THEIR
SECRETS FROM THE PUBLIC.
On February 20, 1893, Sherman wrote
a letter in reference to a run on the
Riverside Bank that almost resulted in
the closing of the bank. If it had not
been for the timely assistance of Los
Angeles bankers the Riverside institu
tion would have gone down then and
dragged the Pacific with it. Sherman
wrote as follows to Frank V. McDon
ald" , .
S. F., Tuesday, p. m.
My Dear F. V.: We had a telegram
from Riverside last night that all was
quiet there and money coming in again
rapidly. You will notice that the
papers give Los Angeles. the credit of
saving the bank. This is good. We
' don't want it. or want our names men
'■■■ • tloned, but I tell you that we did help
in Los Angeles and everywhere. It
would never have done to have had
that bank go down just at this time,
for the dispatches would have been
full of how much they owed P. 8.,
etc., etc, etc., sure. Truly. M. H.
SHERMAN'S WILD DREAM OF MILLIONS
Sherman's next letter describes a
scheme of the Los Angeles manipulator
to float four or five million dollars'
worth of bonds in London. R. H. Mc-
Donald Jr., D. S. Dorn and Sherman
were to discuss the matter and if they ;
found it - feasible the issue was to be
made The electric railway to cancel
its 6 per cent bonds. The project as a
matter of course was chimerical. Ex
cerpts from the letter are as follows:
L. A., Tuesday evening.
■ My Dear Friend: Have Just had a
talk with Boat about "Jayhawker."
He says' he does not think the San
Francisco papers' dare publish his
stuff .when so many rich San Fran- ; -
cisco people are interested. I really -
think that we can make that matter
of Issuing four or five millions of four
per cent or perhaps live per cent thirty
year gold bonds go O. X., and I am
Koine to San Francisco. to talk with
R H about it. • I am- to meet in San
. Francisco certain ; Englishmen •• whom
Bryson and other rich people here
know all about and who I believe can
• surely place enough of these bonds to
give us a million and a half in -cash,
and if the, holders of the three million
present issue of bonds : will , take • half
in cash and half in new bonds then I
-believe it will certainly go. ' R. H. Jr., .
iD. 8. and myself will investigate the. -
■ matter thoroughly and he' will inform -r
- you what we decide. I think you had ?
' better not say anything < about : the -
• ft^toya to. ajijroaQ at present; but wait 7 ,
until after I have seen R. H. Jr. and
D. S. and see what they have to say
on the proposition. Good night.
.M. 1 1 .
THE LOS ANGELES MANIPULATOR BEGS
HIS MASTER FOR MERCY.
A few days after the foregoing letter
was written Sherman was on his knees
in abject supplication for favor. His
master was angry with him and Sher
man begged and pleaded in sickening
sycophancy for a return to the good
graces of the young hanker. Excerpts
from the letter are as follows:
Wednesday evening.
My Dear Friend: Your two kind let
ters Just received. I thank you very
much for them. Some one here told
me that you all wanted to do mo up.
1 know that this is not true. I know
you love mo and that you fully realize
how hard I am trying. It has been very
hard work, but if we can get D. to do
this guaranteeing and if we can get
you a wad of coin it brings praise
to ynu and to all. Your not answer
ing my telegram makes me very un
happy and makes me fear that you
blame mo. J know if I could see you
and talk with you. you would say I
wafl right. If I am not right and if
I have advised you wrong, I am very
sorry, and that is all any gentleman
can 'say, but when you think it all
over I think you will agree with me
and praise me. especially If $200,000 or
more in coin shall come in. Be pa
tient a little while longer. I do not
SHERMAN TREMBLED AT "JAYHAWKER'S" DEMAND.
In the later history of the Pacific Bank even Moses H. Sherman could no
longer impose on the McDonalds in reference to the negotiable value of the LO3
Angeles Electric Railway bonds. These bond 3 at that time and even under the
valuation given to them by Sherman could not command fifty cents on the
dollar. Colonel J. H. Woodard understood that fact and was making new de
mands for money on Sherman. Woodard had already received $1000 and Sher»
man shows In tne above letter that his nemesis wanted fHOO more.
blame you one bit for feeling just as
you do. Pardon this poor letter but I
have been busy all the time.
M. H.
SHERMAN DECLARED THAT THE CHRON-
ICLE AND EXAMINER HAD BEEN
"FIXED."
The letter that follows is one of the
most important that M. H. Sherman
contributed to the secret correspond
ence of the Pacific Bank. In this epis
tle Sherman declares that D. S. Dorn
! and R. H. McDonald Jr. had "fixed"
j the Chronicle and the Examiner and
that nothing in reference to the condi
tion of the Pacific Bank will be pub
lished. "VVoodard had been in San Fran
cisco showing around a list of the as
j sets of the Pacific Bank and declaring
. that the institution was insolvent.
I Sherman declared that several news
| paper reporters had seen the document,
but that Dorn and Dick McDonald had
silenced the Chronicle and the Exami
j ncr as already indicated. In his letter
Sherman also said that he had spent a
: great deal of money in keeping the
I City Council of Phoenix from offering
encouragement for a competing street
! railway line there. Another effort was
i made to induce the McDonalds to give
j an option on their Phoenix water bonds
I and incidentally Sherman declared that
I he would go drown himself if his love
for the McDonalds did not restrain him.
He felt so keen an interest in their af
fairs and believed that it would be cruel
on his part to kill himself just when
they needed him. Excerpts from this
interesting letter are as follows:
Wednesday.
My Dear Friend: I think I had writ
ten you something about a Mr. Fay
bans. Among other things lam talk
ing to him about are the Phoenix Wa
ter Works. We are threatened with
strong opposition there from a rival
company and we ought at once ev
pend a large sum of money there to
prevent any new crowd coming in
there, and if this money was spent
we could double our own. Your
bank owns at this time, counting the
$23,000 note of Hines and Millays and
the J23.UW note of' my own, *ISS.'JOU
worth of bonds and notes, and it has
occurred to me that if you could get
one-half of this amount in cash and
the other half in new 5 per cent bonds
covering the whole plant, and with
such responsible people a3 those I
have named above at the head of the
concern, they to live there and to
manage the works., that perhaps you
would be willing to get out of the
whole concern.
I am working here without any
salary and I am at it eighteen hours
in the day, generally getting in my
office a couple of hours before the
rest of the employes and sticking to
it until late in the evening. When I
look at the old ocean at Santa Monica
I often wish that I could go into its
deeps and never come back and get
the rest which I much need. But
this will be a very cowardly deed and
it would leave you in a very unfor
tunate condition in regard to many
propositions in which we are interested
in together. And as long as you will
all love me and trust me and help me
you may be sure that I will stay here
and work, never asking for a vacation
or for a salary or anything else until
things are cleaned up. lam threat
ened with opposition in Phoenix to my
street railway lino and I have spent
a good deal of money in different ways
to keep the City Council there trom
offering such encouragement as would
give me immediate opposition.
You must acknowledge, F. V., that
there is nothing braver or truer than
for a man to stand right by every day
and try, through many discourage
ments, to clean everything up in the
right spirit, never shirking or run
ning, but trying to fix up everything
satisfactory to all. That nasty fel
low Woodard is Ftill trying to do us
all dirty work. He was in San Fran
cisco for a week and is now back here
again. He went to Mr. Spence and
told him that your banks were rot
ten and advised Mr. Spence not to
put any money in them. I understood
he has been to nearly every bank in
town and advised the same thing. I
suppose the reason he singled out Mr.
Spence was that he hoped Spence
would tell Mr. Maybury and he would
make it unpleasant for R. H. Jr.
He has a piece of paper on which
he has a list of all the assets of the
Pacific Bank and he goes around and
shows this to prove that the bank is
not solvent and cannot pay off its de
positors, and he took this list with
him to S. F. and showed it around
there and has done all he could to get
newspaper reporters investigating
.this subject.
This I learned on good authority. I
know that R. H. Jr. and D. S. have
got the Chronicle and the Examiner
all O. X., and that we will have no
trouble with them and will succeed in
accomplishing much, still, all these
things are very disagreeable and very
humiliating and they make me feel
more anxious every day to try and
help turn everything that I am in any
way interested* in into cash to put the
same in your bank.
Please do not worry, because worry
and anxiety is what kills people more
than hard work. Let's have only
kind words ami kind thoughts for each
other and thoughts of sympathy,
for the Lord knows we are all having
a hard enough time. Very truly,
M. H. SHERMAN.
SHERMAN BECAME PHILOSOPHIC AND
LOOKED TOWARD THE END.
In the next letter Sherman refers to
the fact that D. S. Dorn was suspected,
but the suspicion was unfounded. Sher
man wrote as follows:
Thursday.
My Dear Friend: I thank you much
for your kind telegram about D. S.
We are so glad that D. S. Is all O. K.
I cannot Imagine who started such a
story. Boat told me of it and told
me Cthis was just as I was going
home last night) it was common talk
on the street. I thank you all (<<r
the kind words of praise you all give
me. I will try my best to he worthy
of them. I fully realize the import
ance of the situation here. No man
could try harder. If a man does his
duty, people find it out In the end, eh?
We are judged hy the success we
make, eh? That is the way they will
judge you as the head of the Pacific
Bank and the way they will judge us,
eh? Corporations are a success or a
failure as people have faith in the
ability and integrity of the manage
ment, eh? And I hope you will not
hlamc me because my letters are so
poor. I try to write you every day,
but I am always in a hurry. There
are so many things to keep one on the
jump all the time. Sincerely, M. H.
WOODARD WAS AFTER FOURTEEN HUN-
DRED DOLLARS MORE.
In the followinf letter Sherman ex
ploits another of his troubles. Wood
ard was after him and threatened to
ruin him if he did not Rive up $1400.
Sherman seemed to be in great dis
tress of mind, but not distressed
enough to throw out a strong hint that
he intended to make another demand
upon the McDonalds for another large
sum of money. Excerpts from this let
ter are as follows:
Thursday, A. M.
My Dear Friend: Referring to that
p^irty. if I must meet him, the first
thing he will want is $1400. You know
he told me he would ruin me and etc.,
etc., if I did not come down and etc.
Your father told me not to give him
another dollar. Still in all of this I
want to do just as you think best. If
he comes in, if yrru think best so to do,
please talk pleasantly to him and 'say
Sherman praises him and etc-. You
know I do praise his ability. He has
much, if It was only of a good kind.
In the other matters T want to do just
what we say. You have some 600 of
Los Angeles street railway bonds. If
we could get $300,000 in cash for you,
one-half cash and also get such an
amount of money for the company to
enable us to do such things as will
enable us to cut down expenses, one
third or I hope more. If we could do
the above and not call on you for a dol
lar it would make me very happy. It
is not sure that we can do the above,
but we can try and I .think we are on
a good lead, i. c., strong people. Then
regarding the Phoenix matter. AYe
must spend some money there. A goo^
deal or it to improve and extend our
plant there and keep out opposition.
I don't want to call on you for an as
sessment on stock, and so I have some
plans that I want to talk over with
you. On run. M. H. S.
THE WRECKERS BOASTED THAT THEY
WERE SOLID WITH ATTORNEY GEN
ERAL HART.
One of the most important letters, il
lustrating Sherman's dishonesty and
ex-Attorney General Hart's collusion
with the bank robbers, was written ear
ly in 1893, while the Legislature was
in session. In this letter Sherman
writes to Dick that Hart is all O. K.
now and will remain in office for two
years more. There is a tone of jubi
lant gratification in the letter, and the
writer also tells Dick that he haa so
managed it that one of the most Influ
ential newspapers of Southern Califor
nia may be used by him when and how
he wishes. The letter is as follows:
Thursday, a. m.
My Dear Friend: I was thinking of
you this a. m., and thought I would
just say a word. There is one of the
strong newspapers of Southern Cali
fornia about to change hands. I am
so managing it that it Trill fall into
such hands as we can depend on in
case you want it. Every day I am
thinking and planning about many
things. It was a grand thing when we
pulled down that Chicago flffht and
eot those people in. They are strong
and keep sending money to pay debts
with and to help. Otherwise we would
have been in the soup long ago. Dr.
Jenningson came over from Riverside.
T never liked Jenningson, in fact I al
most hate him. still I must say he is
faithful and ever true to you. As for
myself I don't want to get mixed up
unless you wish me to more than
necessary in these matters. I saw a
letter from Sacramento to a friend or
mine here in which H. expressed him
self as very grateful to you for letting
Mr. J. go to Sacramento. ■ He -said. X
was a splendid rustler, and etc., etc.
I was very glad. H is now O. K^ana
you are solid with him; He will be In
for two years yet. We will all *et
there yet. ' We must be patient ana
keep trying and all pull together. The
time when the enemy can down us is
■when we quarrel among ourselves, of
when the enemy gets hold of our se
crets or plans. Sincerely, M. ■«•
The record of Sherman's connection
with the Pacific Bank and the Peoples
Home Savings Bank will be carried^up
to-morrow, to a time six months alter
the destruction of both institutions-
when the arch-conspirator believed
himself on the verge of financial^ ruin
and personal disgrace. He tremWea
at the shadow of the Grand Jury. / He
saw his enemies organized against niin
and alternately he stormed and wept
and begeed his friends for Gods safce
to come to his assistance. These let
ters will prove not uninteresting.
THE FARRAGUT IS
NOT SPEEDY ENOUGH
REPORTED REJECTION OF THE
CRACK TORPEDO-BOAT.
She Fell a Fraction Under Her Re
quired Run of Thirty Knots
Per Hour.
The news was received yesterday
through a Washington press dispatcn
that the torpedo boat Farragut had been
rejected by the Navy Department. Ihe
official report of her recent trial speed on
the bay shows that she fell the fraction
of a knot below the thirty knots required.
The vessel at all of her trials really made
the required speed, but under conditions
that lowered that rate. Her last run ri
day developed a maximum speed of 31 i-iw
knots, with a minimum rate for an hour
of 31V* knots. The lowest number of pro
peller revolutions required to go 31 knots
was 407 per minute, and on her run she
speeded Tier engines 441 revolutions with
a minimum of 411. last Friday's trial na3
It is possible that last Friday 8 tnai nas
not been accepted by the Navy Depart
ment as the official speed run. »o^ caus ip£
the boat to be rejected on the Mportor
former speed trials. Irving M. Scott
stated last night that he ha 3 not heard
from Washington, hence gfraing^e*
fS hjvsrts £~JB
Sant that is to drive her 30 knots .an hour
It Is reported that the contractors have
asked that the vessel be accepted on the
record made, but the department hM re
fused. J The Government will be aaked to
accord the destroyer another trial, tne
builders believeing that she is good for
the required developed horsepower ana
speed. It is believed that another trial
will be given her by the department.
Wants Her Father Arrested.
Lilli* Larsen, a girl 15 years of age ana
the eldest of five children, swore to a
complaint in Judge Conlan's court yester
day for the arrest of her father, Chris
tian F. I>arsen. a ship chandler on the
water front, on the charge of failure to
provide. The girl said that her tanner
earned $130 per month, but refused to prn
vWe for herself and the other children.
A few days ago he drove his wi f e out ot
the house and she has not been back
since. The Society for the Prevention or.
Cruelty to Children has the case in hand.
An Opium Victim.
An unknown man, victim of the mor
phine habit, took a room last Monday
evening in the Fargo House at 105 New
Montgomery street. At 8 o'clock yester
day morning he was found dead in bed.
1,-Ln the corpse was examined at the
Morgue the skin was found full of holes
made by the hypodermic needle -Noth
ing was found on the person of the de
cefised by which his identity could ba
ascertained;
.7 ~» . ADVERTISEMENTS.
: HEA||||AS|E.;;
SOME FACTS REGARDING THE RAPID
INCREASE OF HEART TROUBLES.
Do Not Be Alarmed. But Look for th«
Cause. .
Heart troubles, at least among Amer-
icans, are certainly increasing and
while this may be largely due to the
excitement and -worry of American bus-
iness life, it Is more often the result
of weak stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real, organic heart disease incur-
able; but not one case in a hundred or
heart trouble Is organic.
The close relation twween heart trou-
ble and poor digestion is because both
organs are controlled by branches of
the same great nerves, the Sympathetio
and Pneumogastric. the heart is af-
In another way, also the heart is af-
fected by that form of poor digestion,
which causes gas and fenxientatlon,
from half-digested food; there is a feel-
ing of oppression and heaviness in the
chest caused by pressure of the dis-
tended stomach on the heart and lungs
interfering . with their action; henca
arises palpitation and short breath.
' Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
makes it thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart. •_
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble is to improve the digestion and
to insure the prompt assimilation of
f °This can best be done by the regular
use after meals, of some safe, pleas-
ant and effective digestive preparation,
like Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which
may be found at most drug stores and
which contain valuable, harmless di-
gestive elements in a pleasant, conven-
iC It is°safe to say that the regular, per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia TaD-
lets at mealtime will cure any form cf
stomach trouble except cancer of tne
St Fu 1 U C s 1 lzed package of the tablets sold
by druggists at 50 cents. . ■ ■ M ««
Little book on stomach troubles-
mailed free. Address Stuart Co.. Mar-
shall. Mich. ■■■•■■'• -
1 GOURIAN COLLECTION
Antique High-grade
TURKISH QHPQ
PERSIAN rtUUU
Must Be Closed Out -i t
AT AUCTION,
AT
125 Geary St.,
Adjoining the "City of Paris."
WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY,
November IS and 17,
/- AT 2 P. M. SHARP.
;•' GOODS ON VIEW TUESDAY. 2
Mr. Courian, -who . has grained the reputation
of f importing finest goods and of square deal-
Ing has put in our hands his entire collection,
to sell out at auction, without reserve. This
collection is certainly superior to any brought
to this city heretofore. • Every piece Is a choice
selection. •; "We Invite the connoisseurs and th»
public generally to attend this Important Bald.
,- Catalogues. ■•-•■■ •'■ ■■ V; •: .-•.■;.',
E ASTON, ELiDRIDGE ' & CO., Auctioneer*.ARRANGEMENTS
FOR SEATING
THE CROWDS
Plans for the Thanks
giving Game.
A COMPLETE INCLOSURE
BALE OF SEATS WILL BEGIN
TO-MORROW.
The University Club and the College
Students Get the Choice Plums
•in the Grand Stands.
Notes.
At a meeting of the managers of the
football teams of Stanford and California
yesterday afternoon the final arrange
ments for the big game on Thanksgiving
day were perfected. All that remains now
in the way of preliminary affairs is the
selection of th^ officials.
The tickets will be put on sale Thurs
day morning at 9 o'clock at Clabrough &
Plans of the Seating for the Stanford-California
Game on Thanksgiving Day.
Golcher's, who alone will handle the
The reason for this is to avoid
the many complications that resulted
from a sale hy different agents. The
prices have been raised in the one in
• of box seats, which will be fixed
at $3; the ordinary reserved Feat will be
$1 50. Choice seats will be fixed at $2. The
general admission is $1.
As usual the University Club has been
conceded the choice sections of the Har
rison street grandstand. They have
bought just 1500 seats, which will be put
on sale at the club. None of these seats
will bo sold to any outsiders, but each
member has the privilege of purchasing
ten for himself and friends.
On the other side ot the field the two
colleges will be placed in full view of the
f the- crowd. They will have alter
nate sections, al\ of which will be uncov
ered. <>n the west end of the field an in
cline will be built making a complete in-
Hnsure, looking down on the gridiron in
arenic fashion. The entire seating ca
pacity will reach 9500, and the standing
room will accommodate 3000. There will
be no standing along the side lines this
year.
The gates will be opened two hours
earlier than in former years for the pur
pose of avoiding the rush. Promptly at
11 o'clock Thanksgiving morning the
manager of the grounds will place Recre
ation Park, v. ith its vast seating stands,
in the hands of the college managers,
Everett Brown of California ana J.
Prichard of Stanford, and the gates will
then be opened.
The boxes will be differently construct
r-d this year. They will have two steps,
the size" of which will depend upon the
number of seats selected by the pur
chasers Any number of seats, may be
bought and the boxes will be apportioned
accordingly. The boxes will be erected
above the stands on both sides of the
field.
At Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 15.—
The practice this afternoon was the hard
est seen on the gridiron this season. The
men went into the game with their fight-
Ing blood up and the second eleven fought
with the college team for every inch of
territory. As a result of the fierce plung
ing and' line bucking two men were com
pelled to retire— Burmister, who was out
for the first time in two weeks, and Cap
tain Fisher, who was laid out in a scrim
mage. Neither was seriously hurt. The
field now presents a busy appearance
every night with the old players—Cle
mans. Downing, Fickert and Harrelson—
assisting Mr. Cross in the coaching.
Coach Cross is shifting the men about,
sizing up each man's ability. Blanchard,
guard, was shifted to the second this
evening and Cairns and Eaton, the fresh
men guards, were tried on the college
eleven. Gilman and Blglow are fighting
hard for the center position. Biglow
played on the college team this after
noon. Anderson is being trained as cen-
ter.
Long runs by Plate and Daggett. the
college halves, and hard line bucking
were the order of the day. Murphy was
unlucky in his tries at field goals, the
line not holding firmly and the passes
from center being poor.
Seats for the game will be on sale
Thursday, aijd the team will leave for
training at Congress Springs on Friday.
"Anakesls" Is an infallible cure for oiles.
Free sample add. "Anakesis," New York*
NORTHWESTERN PROJECTS.
Proposed New Sea and Rail Line to
Dawson.
W. L. Bernard, editor of the Alberta
Tribune, now stopping at the Brooklyn
Hotel, gives some interesting- Informa
tion concerning the proposed railroad be
tween Calgary, N. W. T., and Dawson
City.
"Calgary," he said last evening, "is in
a fair way to become the capital of a
larger Alberta, which will Include the val
uable Peace River country, through
which the line of railroad connecting
Calgary and Edmonston with Dawson
City is expected to run. A belief pre
vails that such a railroad would be a
profitable investment, as it would run
Through a fertile country, suitable for all
kinds of ranching and farming.
"Workshops are now being erected at
Calgary by the Canadian Pacific at an
expense of JIOO.OOO, with an estimated pay
roll of about $10,000 per month. These
■hops are expected to be In operation
early next year, and, in consequence,
the rentals of business property in Cal
gary have advanced 100 per cent and much
building is going on.
"What most interests San Francisco
is the line of steamers between Van
couver, San Francisco and Southern Cali
fornia ports (projected by the Vancouver
and Dawson City Shiping Agency) which
has already received the approval of the
Vancouver City Council and Board of
Trade.
"In the extension of trade, too, it should
be of material benefit— giving to the resi
dents of Alberta the products of Califor
nia and to California the cheap prices of
Alberta's wonderful dairy products. It is
my opinion, too, that such a line would
not necessarily interfere with the exist
ing traffic between Victoria and San
Francisco— it would create a distinct trade
of its own."
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE.
The New Librarian Confers With the
Members of the Board — A
Cafe Suggested.
At the semi-monthly meeting of the
Mechanics' Library trustees last evening
Librarian Taggart was introduced to the
members of the board by President Den
ioke. The new librarian made a brief
reply to the. words of welcome by the
president, after which routine business
was disposed of.
The board, at the request of Miss VV al
laee, voted to donate 100 volumes to Bat
tery E. Third Artillery, stationed at Fort
Potot, to form the nucleus of a library tor
the enlisted men.
William Mitchell sent a communication
suggesting that the board of trustees es
tablish a cafe in connection with the li
brary. He also proposed that the insti
tute'arrange to give a series of popular
concerts during the winter.
The police drum corps asked permission
to use the Pavilion to practice in on Tues
day and Friday evenings.
The matter of basing the Institute
grounds at Sixteenth and Folsom streets
was referred to a special committee. The
present tenant's lease expires January 1.
and he wishes to renew at $50 a month.
An offer of $100 a month has been received
from another party and the committee
will investigate the matter and report at
the next meeting.
THE FORT BAKER SCANDAL.
Lieutenant Bennett Hopes to Have
His Report Ready Soon.
Lieutenant Bennett was busy yesterday
preparing his report of the Fort Baker
investigation with a view of submitting it
to the adjutant general. The lieutenant
will go to Fort Baker to-day for the pur
pose of making inquiries Into the conduct
of the canteen at that place. He expects
to have his report ready some time this
week.
Colonel Long, the depot quartermaster,
is confronted with a serious problem.. He
is of the opinion that the St. Paul will
not begin to carry the Christmas presents
that are being sent to the boys at Ma
nila by their relatives and friends. The
depot Is now filled to overflowing with the
boxes that have been sent in, and there
appears to be no end to them. Yesterday
Colonel Long received a letter from an
old lady living in the country, who has
a son at Manila. She stated that her
apple crop was not quite ripe and wanted
to know if the colonel could delay the
sailing of the vessel until such a time
as the apples might be ripe, as she de
sired to send some to her boy.
General Merriam stated yesterday that
it was not the intention of the Govern
ment to send any more troops here, but
that the troops already at the front, to
be ordered home, would be relieved by
those that recently sailed under General
Miller.
You will find the latest things in wall
paper at Clark's. 653 Market street. •
Coroner's Inquests.
"Coroner Hawkins held an Inquest yes
terday on the body of Mrs. Louisa Spain,
who was shot and killed on the 6th inst.
in a grocery on the corner of Second and
Minna streets. The Jury found a verdict
accusing Tomaso Kellini of the murder.
In the case of J. F. McDonald, steward
of the St. Paul, who fell into the hold of
the vessel while on the way to this port,
and who died in this city from his in
juries, thp jury returned a verdict to the
effect that the accident occurred through
the carelessness of the deceased. There
was a rope around the hatchway and the
deceased was warned against the dan
ger, but he went Inside the rope and
slipped into the hold.
CATHOLICS GIVE VOICE
TO PRAYERS FOR RAIN
By order of Archbishop Rlordan masses were solemnized in all the
Catholic churches in the archdiocese Monday morning for the purpose of
invoking the blessing of rain. Although the season has long since com
menced when the dry weather should have been superseded by different
atmospheric conditions, there is absolutely not the slightest indication
that the needed change is likely to occur.
The farming interests of the Stale have already been threatened by the
drought and, as a consequence of this fact, and at the general request
of people, both interested and disinterested, all over the State, mass by
the authorization of the representative head of the Catholic church In
this archdiocese was celebrated and prayers offered up to God supplicat
ing the visitation of rain upon those who are now a»most without hope
of saving their interests from ruin.
Praying for rain in this city is not. unusual. It will be remembered that
less than a year ago mass was solemnized in St. Mary's Cathedral, and,
in fact, in all the Catholic churches throughout the city and State, for
the same reason that they were celebrated last Monday morning. Special
prayer was inserted for the occasion and read in Latin from the altar
by the officiating priest. People crowded the edifice and joined in the.
general supplication to the "Ruler of the Elements" to visit upon the State
the blessing of rain as a salvation of the homes of farmers and the sal
tation of almost life itself, which the ruin of the crops and other agri
cultural interests throughout the State practically meant.
Whether as a result of pious supplication, or the consequence of the
natural workings of nature, rain came and continued to come for many
days after the celebration of mass throughout the State. The general
impression in the church, however, was that the welcome visitation came
as a result of prayer and not the spontaneous change of atmospheric pres
sure.
It was in consideration of this almost marvelous advent of rain in the
early part of the year, after months of almost continual drought, that
renewed prayers for the same blessing were offered up In the churches
Monday morning.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, XOYEMBER 10, 1898.
SPIDER KELLY
AND MULLER
FIGHT A DRAW
Go the Full Route,
Twenty Rounds.
REILLY DEFEATS PETE M'GEE
MAYNARD AND McFADDEN BOX
THEIR FIFTH NO CONTEST.
Western tJlub Opens the Winter Sea
son of Sport With an Average
Lot of Bouts t*»
the Ring.
Spider Kelly and Fred Muller went the
full route, twenty rounds, in their boxing
bout at Woodward's Garden last night.
At the conclusion Referee Phil Wand de
cided it a draw, much to the displeasure
of the followers of Kelly. Kelly scored
many more points than his adversary,
but Muller was always on the aggressive.
When they stood off and boxed Kelly
always showed to best advantage. His
long- reach kept Muller where he could
do no damage. His favorite blow was a
peculiar back hand cross or chop which
he Invariably followed with a right on
the body. This took much of the speed
out of Muller, who was not over strong
when he entered the ring, owing to the
difficulty he encountered making the re
quired weight.
Several times during the bout each man
had his opponent in difficulty, and the
end seemed imminent when the tired box
er would recover and hold his own until
the bell gave him a much needed respite.
Muller was invariably on tho aggressive,
but the majority of his well-meant blows
were stopped by the clever "Spider" be
fore they had worked any harm. Kelly
did not seem at ease until the ninth
round, when he commenced to jab Muller
and play for his heart. This had the
desired effect, as it stopped his gallop in
a marked degree for a time.
In the eleventh both men fought them
selves to a standstill. In the following
round Kelly had Muller dazed, catching
him twice with right crosses. Muller
stood the severest punishment and was
saved by the bell. Both men tried for a
knockout blow in the nineteenth round,
and the partisans of each man had many
opportunities to yell for their favorite.
The mm stood In the middle of the ring
and gave blow for blow, paying but little
heed to their guard.
The twentieth round was a hurricane,
each man in turn seeming on the verge
of going out. Kelly clinched repeatedly
to avoid punishment. Muller tried again
and again to land his right, but the agile
Kelly seemed never to be at the place
where the blow was directed. When the
gong sounded the end of the round and
of the fight both were hammering away
In workmanlike manner and paid no heed
to the signal. The referee and the sec
onds had finally to separate them and
drag them 10 their corners.
Referee Wand held up both hands to
signify a draw. The adherents of Kelly
seemed In the majority, as their hissoO
completely drowned out the applause of
th"s«- who thought the decision a just
one. The Kelly men claimed that on a
tally of clean blows landed their repre
sentative won easily. On the other hand
the Muller men held that he did all the
leading and was the aggressor through
out. He mixed things frequently and
then showed to good advantage.
Kelly was splendidly handled by Young
Mitchell, Tim McGrath and Frank Mc-
Connell. Muller was looked after by Mc-
Devitt. Hines and Gus Muller. Muller
seemed too finely drawn, while the
"Spider" was at his natural weight.
There was a great deal of sameness
about the rounds, each man having his
favorite blows and using them through
out. There was plenty of action, but not
much damage done. Kelly wore Muller
down with his punches over the heart,
and which Muller seemed unable to get
away from, especially when they followed
the "chop" blow.
Kid Maynard and Kid McFadden fought
their fifth draw. They have met six
times, Maynard getting the decision on
one occasion. They went at it hammer
and tongs last nigjit and neither could
obtain a decisive lead. Maynard. who is
a hard hitter, had the best of it up to the
ninth round. McFadden then shook his
old gold locks of hair and by his aggres
siveness made it a stand-off with his
game bantam opponent. Maynard land
ed the most clean blows, but could not
stop his sturdy opponent. The lads are
gladiators in miniature and their bout
pleased the spectators. Each apparently
thought he had earned the decision, but
the announcement of a draw by Referee
Wand was loudly applauded.
The opening bout of i«e evening proved
an appetizer for the hard fighting that
followed. Jimmy Rielly of local fame and
Pete McGee, an unknown quantity, were
pitted against each other for ten rounds.
Rielly was possessed of more science
than his opponent, but what McGee lack
ed in that direction he made up in grit,
a long reach and strength. In the first
four rounds Rielly had McGee profuseiy
bleeding from tue nose, but the latter
did not mind it in the least. He met
Rielly's vicious attacks with straight
lefts and hard rights until the tide of bat
tle turned in his favor. Despite the en
couragement given McGee by a clamorous
gallery and a howling pit. Rielly kept his
man busy ducking hooks and jabs. In
ducking McGee proved himself clever and
saved himself much punishment. In the
eighth and ninth rounds the gore that
flowed from McGee's proboscis covered
both men. makin^ them take on a sorry
appearance. Rielly started to end hos
tilities in the ninth, but was met with a
determined resistance. During the last
minute of the round he landed a heavy j
right on the jaw and quickly followed it
up with additional blows, making McGee
grogtry. In the cheering that ensued dur
ing the rally neither the referee, seconds
nor fighters' heard the mournful clang of
the gong, and the men fought on.
McGee was knocked down at this junc
ture, and Captain Gillen seeing his gory
appearance stopped hostilities. Referee
ALLEGED EXTORTIONISTS ON TRIAL
Breezy Tales of tie Efforts of Elsie Williams and Her Friends
to Secure Captain Nevill's Coin.
WITNESS REMINGTON. KLSIE WILLIAMS. MYKON AZHDERIAN.
JUDGE COOK, a jury and a
court room full of spectators
listened yesterday to the ef
forts of the prosecution to il
lustrate the alleged manner
from Captain William A. Nevills.
in which Elsie Williams, Grace
Loose and Myron Azhderian are
alleged to have extorted money
The State's interests were in the
hands of Thomas Riordan, Reel B.
Terry and Frank H. Short of
Fresno; and the defense was con
ducted by George W. Baker and L.
Clark of Fresno.
The defendants are accused of
having in a particular instance ex
tended the nether extremity of the
aged capitalist, to the tune of $2000,
by threats of exposure of his re
lations to the woman Williams.
This act is said to have been per
formed by the latter and her con
federates while Captain Nevills
was lying sick at the Palace Hotel
and unable to stand off his perse
cutors.
Elsie is petite, painted, and in
earlier days must have been rather
pretty, with doll features and pecu
liar gray eyes. Her figure is dain
ty and her appearance In silks and
sealskins yesterday accounts for
the tact that she fascinated the
wealthy captain greatly to his
sorrow. The other woman is com
monplace and Azhderian is a
swart, hatchet-faced, black-eyed,
shrewd looking young man.
The prosecution, after estab
lishing the fact that Captain Nev
ills had given the defendant Elsie a
check for $2000, supposedly for the
purpose of keepin~ her mouth
closed as to his intimacy with her,
called a number of witnesses resi
dent in Fresno and this city to
show by inference and otherwise
that the character and reputation
of Elsie Williams was not enviable.
The young woman appeared to en-
Joy this part of the proceedings
thoroughly, and when it was tes
tified that Azhderian had shared a
cottage with her over night; that
but one sleeping apartment had
been occupied, and that a man's
shoes were seen in her room,
while Azhderian was out in the
yard in his bare feet, she enjoyed
a hearty laugh and succeeded in
blushing through her paint.
William Remington, who testified
to these facts, related several con
versations he had had with Azh
dertan calculated to show that the
latter was working to "pull the
leg" of Nevills. The fact was
also brought out that Nevills had
strictly forbidden Azhderian, his
superintendent, to stay at night
on the ranch where Elsie Williams
and Grace Loose were quartered.
However, the young man paid no
attention to these orders and spent
his time with the women when the
"boss" was away.
On one occasion Nevills came
Joe Acton awarded the decision to Rielly
am Id the howls of disapproval from the
gallery. Had McGee been properjy han
dled he would have gone another round
anrl gained a draw, as he was doing ex
cellent work.
The attendance was an average one. be
ing made up chiefly of the men always
seen at the ringside. Managers Man in
Murphy and C. H. Long had all their ar
rangements in splendid order, the only
drawback being the dim. religious light in
which the men boxed. The first brace of
boxers entered the ring at 8:30. and there
was no delay between any of the bouts.
GLIMPSES OF THE
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
THE CALIFORNIA CLUB GIVES
NOVEL ENTERTAINMENT.
Hawaiian Songs, Music and Dances
in the Depths of a Tropical
Forest.
The rooms of the California Club were
transferred into bowers. of tropical beauty
yesterday afternoon and evening, the oc
casion being a "Hawaiian Day," given by
the educational department of that organ
ization for the benefit of the new chil
dren's playground. Cordially appreciating
the earnest and untiring efforts of Mrs.
A. D. Sharon and the department of
which she is the efficient and charming
head to make the playground instituted
by them in every way a success, such of
the club members as are the fortunate
possessors of especially valuable and rare
• ADVERTISEMENTS.
yso T^o¥o*c^o¥o^> os>o^c^o^^"o^o^bV6^b^a*o*o^o <»c <^o^>o^o«>o<>
JK^Jr^rl\ N Jii**,^!!*'^ I 1 There is nothing that can restore
jsHj&^L^ \> 1 lost energy, vitality and manly
3s®'' -"li v ' •" >r^(r power as quickly, surely and per-
PaT" \ t? ! manently as electricity, and the best
V \\. "X. / j£&^ovs means of using it is
yWK; Dr. Sanden's
k^^^» , Electric Belt.
Read all about !t ln hls new book>
VS»" >*Aa»^ le^S^^^ffßi' "Three Classes of Men," which can
be had free. Call or address
DR. A. T. SANDEN, •— — —
7C2 Market Street, Corner Ketra?, Stn icisco. NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours. Ba. m. to Sp. m.: Sundays, 19 '• _ _ i'~ _■: . ■ „'
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West iDp - S»nden's Electric Belt
Second street: Portland, Or., 253 Washington Js never ? cold In drug «tore»
Btreet; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street: nor by traveling agent*;, only
Dallas, Tex.. 285 Main street; liutte, Mont.. at our offlce.
110 North Main street. N > . ♦— '■ if.
fIIERCE'S
W FAVORITE
A FORWEAMVOWEW;
home unexpectedly, and the re
sult was that Azhderian fled to his
own bed in the gloom of night,
coatless and bareheaded,, rather
than face the wrath of the cap
tain. The relation rtf this painful
incident also filled Elsie with mer
riment, and caused her to long and
carefully stare at the tips of her
boots.
Remington, in the course of his
testimony, stated that he had sev
eral talks with Azhderian, which
convinced witness that the young
man and the women were planning
to despoil Nevills of many thou
sands of his good iron dollars, but
what his scheme was he did not
know. On one occasion, while he
was painting a cottage that Azh
derian had built for himself Wit
ness asked if Azhderian intended
to marry Elsie. The young man
laughed and replied in the nega
tive.
"He explained." said Remington,
"that the girls were 'dead fly'; that
there would be a crash at the
ranch before long, and he was pre
paring for it. It was his intention,"
continued witness, "to entice me
big fruit-growers to his cottage, get
them under the inlluence of the
women and champagne, and then
make valuable contracts for fruit.
If they kicked when they became
sobered threats of exposure would
silence them. It was Azhderian's
intention after working this part of
the game to employ the same
methods with the fruit-buyers in
order to sell his contracts for high
P "^ was further brought out in the
testimony of this witness that
A*h4erian had visited him and
promised to substantially reward
him if he did not appear against
Af.biVrian in a damage suit the
latter has instituted against
Nevills.
One of the witnesses stated that
he had seen Azhrierian sitting on
the lap of Elsie Williams.
"Well, if It were a c: ime to sit
In n girl's lap. Mr. Riordan." .said
Attorney Baker, "you would have
been In "jail long ago."
"I plead guilty for myself arid
you, too," replied Riordan prompt
ly, and the courtroom smiled a ldi
bly.
Considerable cumulative evidenca
was introduced tending to show ef
forts on the part of the defend
ants to extort wealth from Nevills
The witnesses were Mary VV New
comb. J. D. Dunn. Cashier HcPer
of Wells-Fargo's Bank. E. D. Leo,
Frederick Encson, W. B. Lyon,
David Stutzman. John Ranlolph.
Nevills' colored valet, and William
Remington.
The jury is composed of the fol
lowing: A. Hirsch. D. W. Lohsen,
J. J. Hayer, W. E. Lovejoy. W.
Griffen, H. Bendit. R. Mehrtens,
James Sullivan, W. Hlnckley. H.
Harms, J. W. Wilcox and H. G.
Qibbs.
The case will come up for hear
ing again this morning at 10
o'clock.
Hawaiian curios generously loaned them
for exhibition. The result was that the
spacious rooms were filled with an aggre
gation of articles which were rich and
beautiful 'enough to make any profes
sional collector's heart burn with envy.
Pictures of all descriptions— paintings,
photographs and sketches, all illustrative
of Hawaiian life, personality or scenery
covered the walls, hung against a back
ground of blossom and verdure. Tapa
cloth and mats of finest weave, artistical
ly draped alcoves and corners; baskets,
musical instruments, specimens of royal
China and silver ware, carvings, bead
dresses, fans and hundreds of other arti
cles were grouped on tables and on tem
porary shelves: Hawaiian and American
flags "were intertwined over the windows
and doorways, and palms and ferns and
trailing vines made a mimic forest of the
whole interior.
The rooms were crowded both after
noon and evening, and a very satisfactory
sum was realized for the very worthy ob
ject of the entertainment. During the
afternoon Mrs. A. D. Sharon read a very
interesting original paper on "Hawaii,
Past and Present." Charles Mayer played
several beautiful Hawaiian melodies upon
the zither, including the always lovely
"Aloha Oe." Harry Monges sang a tenor
solo Miss Levison acting as accompanist:
Mrs. W. H. Mills sang the "Star Spangled
Banner." and Miss Kirby. Miss Constance
and Miss Kathleen de Young,' Miss Mar
gory Mills and Miss Edith Leale. under
the'direction of Miss Edith Howland. sang
a number of Hawaiian airs, accompany
ing themselves on four ukuleles and two
taro-patch fiddles.
The evening programme included songs
and dances by some native Hawaiian mon
in costume: music on lute and mandolin
by Professor Samuel Adelstein: an ad
dress by Miss Craft; vocal music by Miss
Xenia Roberts and Miss Millie Flynn;
piano solos by H. J. Stewart and Martin
Schultz. and an address by S. M. Short
ridge.
-< m 51? «S is » non -potionoqsj
<<^^S^^^S^( mcdy = for Gonorrhiea,
jfSSSgri'ViiV.a^M Oloet, Spermatorrhoea,
i^Syf la 1 to&iJ»7«.^CT Whitea, unnatural dis-
jflfj OcusnKcd W charge*, or anr inflamma-
(fil not to (trietsro. tion, irritation or ulcera-
[T>ii TfPrtTtnu eo»'.»gion. tion of niucoun niem-
i KaVHCEv*N3 CHEH'RiIRq. branes. Kon-astringent.
VnciNClNNltTl.O Sold b - T D '»s:ri«*
mBl n q i jvw or s^nt in plain wrapper,
___^. . L-*#*6i b _ exprsng. prepaid, iol
V@ntafVrfl°l 1 - 00 or 3 botties, »2.75.
'•"^aqgtsW^* ■ Oiicuiar i?at oa request.
______________ ADVEBTISEMENTS. • f
B-B-B-B— B-B-B— B-B-B-B- B-B -B-B-B— B-B-B-B—B-
j MEN'S FURNISHINGS
I AND RIBBONS!
I We to-day pJace on sale unexampled offerings of Men's Fur-
! nfshings and Ribbons. Extra heavy Woolen Underwear, partlcu-
■ larly well adapted for the CQld season, at special prices this week.
■ In our Ribbon i Department we present a few interesting
B items in the newest shades, colorings and effects at
: STARTLING REDUCTIONS THIS WEEK
I MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
I*  ;C At S5 Cents. • .
■ A Choice Lot of MEN'S AND BOYS' ALL-SILK NECKWEAR in tecks,
I I four-in-hands, band and shield bows, club ties, etc., etc.; goods
j B usually sold at 50c; will be offered at 25c each.
D -A.t 25 Cents.
TAt AUSTRALIAN WOOL AND MERE
180 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY AUSTRALIAN "WOOL AND MERE
1"3 WOOL SOCKS fn brown, tan, sanitary gray and fast black shades,
| with double spliced heels and toes; extra value for $4 00 l per dozen;
g will be offered at 25c per pair.
' jA.t SB Oents.
I T 125 dozen MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY AUSTRALIAN "WOOL AND CAM-
J, EL'S HAIR SOCKS; warranted shrunk; good value for $4 00 per
I dozen; will be offered at 25c per pair. -■';
B -A.t 7-5 C€ bs.
ft 45 dozen MEN'S LAUNDRIED CHEVIO- SHIRTS in a variety of pat-
i terns, with link cuffs to each; regular price $125; will be offered
y at 75c each. . ; ■
,' m -X'-r- ..'•'l-i'Jb.t 75 Cents.
-f 96 dozen MEN'S HEAVY SANITARY WOOL AND CAMEL'S HAIR
I UNDERSHIRTS and drawers; extra well finished; worth $1 25; will
j 3 be offered at 75c each. . (
*f AT LESS THAN MANUFACTURERS' COST.
| ■ ' ALL ODD GARMENTS IN MEN'S WOOLEN AND MERINO
I UNDERSHIRTS and drawers will be closed out at less than cost of
jfl manufacture. . . • ,
I RIBBONS "SPECIAL!"
I A.t 1S Cents Yard : v
■ 200 pieces No. 30 FANCY PLAID SURAH RIBBON, 3 Inches wide, in
|L medium and dark shadings; worth 25 cents a yard; will be offered .
j P at 12^ cents a yard. . : >
■ -A.t 15 Cents "sTa.rci.
I 250 pieces No. 16 and No. 22 COLORED MOIRE RIBBON, all silk, from
■ 2y 2 inches to 3 inches wide, extra quality; worth 25 cents a yard;
I . will be offered at 15 cents a yard.
cm
| ' v', . A.t S5 Cents "3Ta.rci.
Efl 200 pieces No. 60 and No. 80 BLACK MOIRE AND BLACK SATI- AND ■
GROS-GRAIN SASH RIBBON, 4& inches and 5 inches wide, all
B silk, extra heavy quality; worth 50c a yard; will be offered at 25
| cents a yard.
B -"' ■ " . . _,„_ . ~^
m IF IF Karket, Jones and HcAllisterSts^ /
\j? Son Francisco. /
'■-■- B- ■- ■ — -■- B- n— » g-H— -B-B-B-B-B-B— B— B-B-
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
; CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
: OF THE
! INSURANCE COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. SCOTLAND. ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for
' I the year ending on that day, as made to the
1 Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
• j fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
1 610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
j per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks
and bonds owned by company $1,931,533 25
Cash in company's 0ffice......: 1,973 53
Cash in banks '92.587 43
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans '. .W 23,734 13
Premiums in due course of ,collec-"^k
tlon ; Tb1,500 94
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 404 05
Due from other companies for re-
Insurance on losses already paid... 538 88
Total a55et5'.:.:..."....."...." $2,212,278 23
;; '<] LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted unpaid $ 102.565 34
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 54,243 00
! Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 18,256 66
Gross premiums on fijre risks run-
ning one year or less, . $1,005,051 15:
reinsurance 50-per cent 502,525 53
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more ■ than one year, $896.-
724 S7: reinsurance . pro rata 442,707 46
All other demands against the com-
pany 1 :.... 59,221 42
Total liabilities $1,179.519 46
< INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre ■
premiums $1,331,030 25
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds," stocks, loans, and . from
all other sources : 71.502 52
Total Income $1,402,532 77
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for flre losses $ 699,022 44
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage ........ 270,742 54
Paid,, for salaries. • fees and. other
charges for officers,' clerks, etc ■' 87,614 35
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 37.91183
All other payments and expenditures. 70,009 43
Total expenditures $1,165,300 64
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $ 707,088 92
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks.
written during the
year $ 150,659,290 $1,688,873 41
Net amount of risks . •
expired during the year 157,693,679 1,771,936 94
Net mount force De- - --v:v r i
cember 31, 1897...:.;... » 170,019,6671 1,901,776 02
CHAS. H. POST, Manager.
■ N. A. McNEIL. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 28th
day of February, 1898. -
H. E. FRANCK, Notary Public.
Lv EDWARDS,
Manager Pacific Coast Depa.tment,
323 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
®^^l?^^ THE NEW
art*- ioti,D»y. «S«» 'Qlbl Tt rHElllf llm
VITALS - othB »- v -i m BjCßacnv
PRODI <ES the abotk 30th Day. IlknlE&ITll
KKSILTS. . lt . ( > 1 ' iek v * arei removes Nrrvousnew. Impetency.
Nightly Emii«ion», Ev,V Dream. Waatin* Di«a»«?s and all effect!
ds«lf-ahn»or«itMJ and indi.cretion. Restore! Lc-t Vitality,
Power and Failmc Memory. Wardi ofl In«.«iiirv an* Cnn«umi>'
tion. Cures when all others fail. In«i»t on having TITALIBL
n« other. I Can be carried Jn the vert pocket. < By mail #1.00
per p.ckage orsjx for $5.00 with a gaar.nt,e to Cure or
Refund the Monejr. ' Circular Free. Adrtrets
\ CALCSIET CIICF. CO., 334 Dearborn St., CUcac*
! \ Bold by Owl; Dru« Co., 6. F.. and OakUaX
UNITED STATES BRANCH. ■
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
i MANCHESTER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY \
OF MANCHESTER. ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1897, and for .
I the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the commissioner:
ASSETS.
Loans on bonds and mortgages . ..$ 850 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,546,517 SO
! Cash in company's office 406 7»
Cash in banks 116,86189 !
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 7,337 30
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 8 20
Premiums in due course of collec- . *
tlon »6,506 18>.
Bills receivable, not matured, taken .
for fire and. marine risks 73117
Due from other companies for re- . v.
insurance on losses already paid... 8,170 90 '
Total assets $2,112,490 13
LIABILITIES. " "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 72.22* 48
Losses in process of adjustment or .
m suspense - 72,130 32 :
Losses resisted, including expenses..-- 67,870 85 -<
Gross premiums on flre risks, run- • . .
nlng one year or less, $i,052,597 14; " .
reinsurance 50 per cent....' 626,443 5T
Gross premiums on flre risks run- * ...
ning more than one year, $1,050,- ■■.:
196 63; reinsurance pro rata. 625,864 98 .
Due and accrued for salaries, rent, • • .- -i
etc 1.918 25 a
All other demands against the com- V*-, •,'
pany .'. '. 60,51137 *?
,—, — " 1
Total liabilities $1,317,973 82
INCOME. ;~
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums $1,341,553 85
Received for Interest on bonds . and
mortgages ...... — ". — ;;..... 12 M '
Received for Interest and dividends • '[:'.'
on bonds, stocks, loans and from ' '.
all other sour«es ..........y j| (9,594 30 J2
Total income : $1,411.192 Ji-/"
EXPENDITURES. ..
Net amount paid for fire losses (In- -i. '
eluding . $112,428 13, losses of pre- % "' :
vious years) $ 650,482 S3
Paid or allowed for commission •or i ' — ,: i
brokerage 259.453 67 .
Paid for salaries, fees, and other - * -v
'charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 110,01135
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 67,257 67*
All other payments and expenditures " .76,609 59
Total expenditures ..'.......;.' $1,163.845 13.
' ••--.-• • Fire.
Losses Incurred during the. year ....$ 698J949 46:.
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. j Premiums. - -
Net amount of risks
written during . the , •
year ....V................ $ 134, 320 j $1.786, 948 •
Net amount of risks ■ • \*?£
• expired during the year 148,150,716 1,845,736 l» r .
Net amount in force De- . B*i»;g
cember 31, 1597.... ...... I 185,644.763 2. 103.093 ,77.-
OEO. W. tVENSLEY. V. S. Manager. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 28th j *
day of February, 189 S. *.-■ •. . :r . "
ROBT. L. WENSLET. Notary Public.
L. B. EDWARDS,
#
Manager Pacific ' Coast;: DepjrtmVflt,
323 CALIFORNIA ST., ;
SAN FRANCISCO; CAL.- '. " '>:■''
I A PERMANENT CURE J
J 1 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea £ •
■"5" and Gleet, gnaranteed in" from 3 to 6'< , :
l ! days ;no other treatment required. ; . ; j 1 '
; C;■ ■;, -.- ■/. Sold by all dragglsta.'- \. ,'-i. " \t'
1
,-.-..■■--". .•■ . - ■ ,^..V ■■■■-;..-•■ ;"i.-'-- ..
56
WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER i 6, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor _
Address All Communications to W^J^EAKEjJManagei^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding, towns
for 15 cents a weak- By mall $6 per year; per montb
66 cents- *
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R«ft4« Hoow
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquett* Bulldin*
C. GEORGE KROGMEB6, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ooen until
0:30 o'clock.- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock. 2291 Market
Street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•treet. open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk ttreet. open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-s«<»i»4 «*»•
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o clock.
AMUSEMENTS
California— "Northern Lights."
Columbia— Kellar, the Majjlcian.
Baldwin— "Mistakes Will Happen."
Alcazar— * = A Fool of Fortune."
Morosco's— "A Midnight Trust."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Suzette."
Comedy— "Under the Dome."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and, the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and Eday Streets, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
Ingleside Track— Races To-day. |
Orpheum — Concert Thursday, November 17.
Rosenthal — Coming in December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfleid— This Day, November 16, at 11
o'Cloi-k, Furniture, at &34 Haight Street.
By Euston, Eldridsce & Co.— This Day, November 16, at 2
O'Cl&fk, Turkish and Persian Rugs, at 125 Geary Htreet.
THE CITY AND THE CITIZEN.
\A ORE than ordinary interest attaches to the
/ \ current number of the Merchants' Association
* * Review by reason of the publication in full of
the address of President F. W. Dohrmann giving a
report of his observations of municipal government
during his recent tour throughout the Eastern States
and Europe. The address is an able one, and de
serves the careful study of every citizen who takes an
intelligent interest in San Francisco and has enough
civic patriotism to desire to improve its conditions.
That Mr. Dohrmann found in the great cities he
visited much that should be imitated or emulated in
San Francisco goes without saying. A municipality
so young as ours has always a great deal which it can
Itarn with profit from older communities. The main
interest of the address, however, does not lie in what
is said <^f our shortcomings as compared with older
cities, but in the plans suggested for remedying them.
It has long been known that we need better sewers,
better paved and cleaner streets, a public library
building commensurate to the needs of a city of this
size, and a more efficient administration of civic af
fairs generally. The question of vital interest is: How
shall we attain these things?' To that question Mr.
Dohrmann addresses himself with earnestness and
with hopefulness.
Two plans are suggested. The first proposes that
the Merchants' Association perfect a programme of
municipal work and then call a large and thoroughly
representative convention of the people to consider
k and revise it. To carry out this programme a non
partisan organization is to be effected and a ticket of
candidates put into the field pledged to undertake it
if elected. Under this plan political parties would be
set aside and a strictly municipal party would appeal
tc the people for support.
The second plan proposes that the programme ap
proved by the convention be submitted to all candi
dates of existing parties, and the votes of the support
ers of the programme given to those who would be
most likely to uphold it in office. If any party refuse
to approve the programme in its platform, then the
candidates of that party are to be opposed with might
and main.
That strong objections can be urged to either or
both of these plans Mr. Dohrmann is well aware, and
he frankly says so. He is sanguine, however, that if
one of them be adopted and firmly supported^>y a
considerable body of resolute, earnest men, a great
work can be accomplished for the improvement of the
city. Nor can there be any serious doubt that he is
right. San Francisco will have a better local govern
ment whenever the progressive and influential men
of the city co-operate to effect it.
•It is not advisable to start a non-partisan movement
to that end. for in the United States all such move
ments are futile. What has been accomplished in
Boston and Philadelphia affords evidences of what
can be achieved here by party government if only the
right sort of public sentiment be formed to support
good government.
The first thing to be done is to impress upon the
citizen the sense of his personal responsibility to the
community. Upon that point Mr. Dohrmann was
both clear and strong in his utterances. "Let us," he
said, "unite and pledge ourselves and our best efforts.
Let us do our duty to ourselves, our homes and our
posterity. Let us at this time lay the foundation
broad and deep, so that, future generations may ap
preciate our efforts and benefit by them. Let us see
tc it that our city will fulfill its manifest destiny, which
is, to be not only one of the greatest but one of the
best of all dwelling-places on earth."
It is difficult to understand the system of logic em
ployed by the so-called man who, because angry with
an individual, stabbed with a pitchfork a worthy and
inoffensiv^ horse, the property of this individual. By
the way, the County Jail is marked by a pleasing ab-
sence of both horses and pitchforks, and society owes
tp certain citizens that they be safeguarded against
temptation.
Soldiers who without warrant search private houses
may sooner or later run against a citizen who will
voice his objections through the convincing method
of using a shotgun on them. The fact that his house
is his castle will be regarded as sufficient warrant.
Even if the United States take the Philippines
from Spain there will be the insurgents still to deal
with. They will never give a quitclaim deed without
considerable preliminary haggling.
There is no occasion for the Filipinos to appeal to
America. This country has plenty of representatives
at the islands who will give respectful hearing to a
recital of native woes.
If the pound is to remain in politics it should be
used for the impounding of politicians.
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1898.
THE FALSEHOOD ABOUT VflN FLEET.
JV yi R. JUSTICE VAN FLEET was defeated for
/ \ election to the Supreme bench by a rank
*■ * falsehood started by the Examiner and propa
gated in the fusion press.
This falsehood was to the effect that Justice Van
Fleet, in the Fox case, had decided that a poor man
was not entitled to as much damages for the killing of
his child by a railroad as a rich man. A large number
of Superior Court Judges all over the State, Demo
crats and Republicans, among them Judge Budd, the
father of Governor Budd, appeared in denial of the
Examiner falsehood and slander. They certified that
Justice Van Fleet had made no such decision, but that
the judgment of the Supreme Court in the Fox case,
in which the whole bench concurred, was simply a
correct statement of the law of compensatory dam
ages in such cases, and that the law is so well settled
that the same decision would be given in any Supreme
Court in the United States.
It is plain, then, that Justice Van Fleet was beaten
by a most arrant slander and outrageous falsehood.
It goes without saying that if the bench is to be con
trolled by such means, and men are to be beaten or
elected by the circulation of lies, our whole judicial
system is apt to be destroyed, and the administration
of justice to be put at the mercy of any wretch who
commands the publicity necessary to the hurtful cir
culation of a lie. The offense of the Examiner, while
making Justice Van Fleet its immediate victim, is in
its essence a crime against the personal and property
rights of every citizen, since it subjects the courts
which protect those rights to the control of liars and
slanderers.
The Examiner has. since the election, sought to
justify itself and to maintain its position by con
tinuing to repeat its falsehood.
In a recent issue it says: "Now. as a matter of fact,
the rule of loss of service as a measure of damages
is obsolete. It is never followed because it is impos
sible and absurd. * * * If there is any reason why
the grief of a father or mother over the death of a
child, caused by gross negligence, should not be con
sidered in damages, we fail to see it."
Now, on the contrary, the rule of loss of service is
the only rule followed in every American court, be
cause it is the only feasible rule. The Supreme Court
of California followed that rule in the Fox case be
cause it is the only rule by which a measure of dam
ages can be found. Instead of being a rule that works
against the poor man damaged by the death of his
child, it is his special protection, for the reason that
irs the homes of the poor children must earlier begin
service that brings bread to the table. This service
may be only in the daily duties of the household, at
first of the simplest nature, but duties which, if dis
charged by the parent, abridge his wage-earning
labors and entail loss upon him. In the homes of the
rich these services are not exacted of the child, nor
i- it required to be a wage-earner outside to con
tribute to the family support. Therefore it is plain
that the rule which the Examiner falsely says is ob
solete is a rule followed by all our courts for the ben
efit of the poor- man instead of to his detriment. Had
Justice Van Fleet treated it as obsolete he would
really have taken from the poor man a protection
whjch he enjoys in the courts.
The lying perversion of the Examiner has led to
the injury of Justice Van Fleet at the hands of the
very kind of people in whose favor he upheld a rule
of law which is for their benefit and protection.
An inspection of the dictum of the Examiner that
parental grief is the proper rule of damages demon
strates its folly. If the household service of a child
save to its parent one hour a day, it saves to him an
hour's wages. If his earnings are, say, 25 cents an
hour, there is a concrete basis on which to estimate
damages. The natural conclusion that the child, when
qualified by age to enter upon a wage-earning occu
pation, before reaching its majority, will have an
earning capacity equal to that of its father's vocation,
carries this concrete basis of damages through to the
end of the child's minority. On this basis damages
are estimable. They may be mathematically
measured.
But passing to the rule upon which the Examiner
insists, a rule unknown to the courts and foreign to
the law, there is no basis at all for the estimate and
measure of damages. Who can express in dollars
and cents a mental emotion? Who can measure the
varying degrees of grief and assess a money value to
them? What sum of money can pay for grief and
compensate the sufferer for sorrow?
The law is an exact science. It deals with concrete
things, with the material, and not the immaterial and
ineffable. Therefore it cannot measure grief, nor put
a value on ineffable emotions. The effect of grief, and
its prolongation, depend upon individual tempera
ment. In many instances sorrow for the dead leads
to suicide. What court 01 jury can make money com
pensation in damages for such a grief?
It is plain, therefore, that the only rule of damages
is the one established by the law, followed by all the
courts and stated in the decision written by Justice
Van Fleet and declared to be the law by Judge Budd
and jurists of the Superior Courts of all parties.
The Examiner beat Justice Van Fleet by lying.
Its act was no more honorable than if it had sent a
man to his house with a forged message to his wife
for his watch and purse for the purpose of stealing
his property. Its defense of its lying since the elec
tion is as dishonorable as the original offense. Every
Judge, Justice, lawyer and thinking man in the State
knows that it used falsehood to affect an election to
the Supreme bench, and that by so doing it struck an
envenomed blow at the courts, thereby weakening
and seeking to destroy the judicial safeguards set
around person and property in this State.
To his imperishable honor be it said that Senator
White denounced from the fusion stump this Exam
iner lie about Justice Van Fleet. So should all good
men denounce and resent it, and punish the paper's
attempt to justify it since its deception of the people
worked Justice Van Fleet's rejection at the polls.
THE REVOLT AGAINST BfIILEY.
WHEN Bailey of Texas was elevated to the posi
tion of leader of the Democratic party in the
House at the beginning of the present Con
gress there was joy in the party, for it was believed
the leadership would have in it something of the
vigor, the energy and the animation of youth. Dem
ocracy had grown weary of her futile old war-horses
and received the young man with the ardor of great
hopes.
It is known to all the nation how disappointing to
the House, to his party and to the country the new
leader has been. The contests between the two par
ties during the last session were not many nor were
they of great moment, but they were sufficient to
show that Bailey has neither tact nor force in dealing
with men; neither statesmanship nor political
sagacity in dealing with great issues. He did not
distinguish himself in any way except by refusing to
attend a dinner where he would be expected to wear a
dress coat.'
As a natural result of these deficiencies there is *
widespread revolt against him in all sections of his
party. Not only are nearly all the Democratic Con
gressmen from the Northern States to oppose him
in the next Congress, but many of his Southern col
leagues will unite with them.
The argument of the revolters is one of half con
temptuous opposition. For example, the Courier-
Journal, speaking for Kentucky Democrats, recently
said the party would have been much better off if the
Democrats of the House at the last session of Con
gress "had stuck a stick of candy in Babe Bailey's
mouth and thus kept him occupied."
When that view is taken of his authority it is clear
Mr. Bailey's career as a Democratic leader is about
over. There is no telling who will be his successor,
but the young man from Texas will take a back seat
in the next Congress.
THE DEfID NON-PARTISANS.
THE criticism of a correspondent that in sum
marily disposing of the late unlamented Non-
Partisan party we have been unnecessarily se
vere calls for a brief explanation. Our correspondent
will note that The Call has never charged the Non-
Partisans with corruption. On the contrary, we have
always given them the credit of a pure intention and
exalted motive, reserving for a few of their leaders
only the suspicion of knavery and cunning. It is not
exactly complimenting their intelligence to say so,
but we have always considered the Non-Partisans a
band of well-meaning old fellows, the chief end of
whose political existence was to have their legs pulled.
This leg-stretching never became painfully con
spicuous, however, until Mayor Phelan and his
brother-in-law took charge of Deacon Fitch's or
ganization. These gentlemen succeeded in completely
exposing the game which has been so cunningly
played by the other manipulators of Non-Partisan
politics, and the fact that Mr. Fitch's indorsement be
came worthless in the late contest was largely due to
the rawness of their methods.
While we may not entertain a great deal of respect
for the penetration of the estimable old gentlemen
who comprise the bulk of the Non-Partisan "conven
tion," we do not hesitate to disclaim any suspicion of
their motives or integrity. Perhaps they are not to be
censured for falling victims to the wiles of the job
chasing Democratic politicians; better men than they
have succumbed to conspiracies designed to deprive
representative citizens of their political freedom. But
we do blame Mr. Fitch for being taken in. He is an ex
perienced boss and manipulator, a thorough politician
and an excellent judge of human nature. There is
no excuse for him. The fat and unctuous Non-Par
tisans might have been fooled, but the lean and
hungry Fitch, like Cassius, was not foolable.
However, non-partisanism in San Francisco, hav
ing been thoroughly exposed, is now a closed inci
dent. In writing its epitaph we have endeavored to
be as kind as the truth permits, and our correspondent
entirely misapprehends the purport of our previous
remarks if he thinks we have intended to reflect at all
upon the character of the old fossils who mainly com
posed Deacon Fitch's late "convention."
The Non-Partisans meant well, but their theory of
politics was wrong and they were "worked" by job
chasing Democratic politicians. There is no such
thing as non-partisanism in politics. It is a delusion
and a snare. It is always a resource of the bosses for
purloining votes. Politics is the science of- getting
the offices, and that is partisan to the last degree.
Only dead politicians are non-partisans. All others
are violently partisan.
BURGLARY AND THE HONEYMOON.
ANOTHER burglar has made the plea that he
stole so as to provide food for his wife, a
bride of six weeks. This plea is battered,
frayed, played out. If true in this particular case, it
only serves to aggravate the offense. Nobody has
any business to get married unless sure of flour and
potatoes enough to last at least through a reasonable
honeymoon. At the expiration of this period the
bride could better take in washing or kick the groom
out and go back to the old folks than permit herself
to be pampered on the fruits of nocturnal raids.
There are comparatively few able-bodied people
who are obliged to go hungry, although they may be
short on pie. Circumstances have arisen under which
larceny is regarded as a moderate offense. A hungry
man snatching a loaf of bread is never by the law
viewed so austerely as the well-fed thief. Indeed, pub
lic sympathy is apt to be with him. He stands in a
more favorable light even than the kleptomaniac who
to the crime of stealing adds that of lying, and spreads
the cloak of a bogus respectability over the pair.
The particular burglar under consideration would
have had a better chance with a jury if he had pre
tended to be a subject of kleptomania, lifting portable
property simply because he could not help doing so,
and greatly to his own regret. Then he could have shed
a few tears, his lawyer could have spoken eloquently
of the lonely bride sitting in tears, and the prisoner
have gone his way. pitied as the victim of a relentless
malady. But deliberate burglary on, a pretense of
famine is without the pale of solicitude. We fear the
honeymoon has not merely been impaired, but re
sumption of it indefinitely postponed.
FUNNY PORIS PAPERS.
THE press of Paris is an instance of habitual
hysterics. Here it is railing at the "hypocrisy"
of the United States, while the whole world is
ringing with the most shocking revelations concern
ing France ever made of a civilized nation. The
Dreyfus affair, however it may terminate, has given
to the history of the French people a black and in
delible page. There has been shown to exist in offi
cial circles a depth and foulness of corruption such as
even a Zola could not adequately portray. Compared
with a truthful description of it the seething impurity
of the pool of Lourdes, set forth in fullest detail,
would afford pleasant reading.
The present is an excellent time for the papers of
France to first see their own house put in order. Let
them devote their energies to the revivification of
an honor which seems dead, to the purging of the
high places, the exposure and punishment of crime.
Let them correct the practices which cause a state
prisoner to commit suicide rather than lay bare his
secrets. Let them rebuke the army for acting as men
drunken on absinthe, and call upon the Government
to release the people from a despotism which, in
claiming to be a republic, stamps itself as a sham.
There is plenty for the French press to do. It has
troubles within the borders of its own country. The
impertinent and childish meddling with affairs which
in no manner concern it will after a while become ir
ritating, and perhaps cause remark.
The only consoling thought in connection with the
latest tragedy} on the yacht Chispa arises from an im
pression that the trio mixed up in the mess could all
have been spared.
It is only fair to say that some of the members of
the School Board are not suspected of honesty, and
they won't be while they continue to be so scared at
the prospect of an investigation.
Observer Hammon must stop predicting clear
weather if he wants to retain his popularity.
AN IDYL OF THE FERRY
Last night upon the upper deck there came a maiden there And while
the light was dim and low, so eyes could reach a foot or so. I think that she
was fair. She wore a sacque of sealskin long, the collar to her ears; the
■way her silken skirts frou-froued would drive a man to beers. Her nat,
it was a picture hat. in width about a yard, and though I could not see her
face, I hold it in regard. ....
She sat her down and braved the breeze, then blowing swift and chill,
it tore my whiskers, made me sneeze; I really thought that I would freeze,
and surely she'd get ill. But no, she took her picture hat and placed it in
her lap, defying winds to make her bangs encounter a mishap. (Please let
your accents fall just right or you will spoil this rhyme. I'd like to build
the thing anew, but really there's no time.) I asked her if she didn t fear
that she would catch a cold. It may be that she didn't hear, but still, low
down, I muchly fear, she thought me badly bold.
When soon Goat Island loomed up close she darted for the rail, I felt my
cheeks with terror quake the instant that she made the break, and eke
my knees grow pale. But quick I hastened in her wake prepared to make
a grab. She turned and daggers looked at me, for while too dark to clear
ly see, I felt the glances stab. The truth was that the frisky wind had
whisked her hat away, and I thought she meant suicide, and she thought I
got gay.
'Twas then I hurried down below and sought a wicked bar where
maids in sealskin never go, but consolations ebb and flow, and creature
comforts are. THE INNOCENT MASHER.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Hon Frank J. Cannon of Ogden is at
the Palace.
Rev. W. EL Stoy of Marysvllle is at
the Occidental.
C. H. Tucker, an extensive raisin grower
of Selma, is at the Russ.
Lyman I. Mowry has returned from a
business trip to Washington.
F. L. Wooster, a well-known Sonora
mining man, is at the Lick.
J. L. Neel, a prominent merchant of
Healdsburg, is at the Russ.
Sam Frankenheimer, a prominent Stock
ton merchant, is at the Grand.
John S. Anunsen, a well-known Port
land merchant, is at the Lick.
J. M. Williams, the well-known New
man mining man, is at the Lick.
F. Chevalier, a prominent wine grower
of St. Helena, is at the Baldwin.
George H. Appel, a large fruit shipper
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
M. Goldsmith, a prominent merchant of
Stockton, is a guest at the Grand.
Lieutenant H. C. Denson, of the United
States Coast Survey, is at the California.
J. A. Devlin and wife of Astoria, Or.,
have taken apartments at the California.
Fred Dodd, proprietor of the Hughes
Hotel at Fresno, is a guest at the Bald
win.
One of the
prominent mem
bers of the Ala
nieda delegation,
at the last Re
publican Conven
tion, held at Sac
ramento, was W.
Nil Friend of
lengthy persuasion. Of course, he and his
colleagues were extremely desirous of hav
ing Dr Pardee receive the gubernatorial
nomination, but their efforts in his be
half were futile and Gage plucked the
coveted plum. Naturally Friend felt
very disconsolate over the defeat of the
man on whom he had pinned his faith, but
when several other candidates for nomi
nations, which his delegation championed,
had gone the way of Pardee, Friend was,
to say the least, down in the mouth.
After the convention, had adjourned till
the next day, when the remaining offices
were to be filled. Friend was sitting in the
lobby of the Golden Eagle Hotel sadly
cogitating over his disappointments and
wondering if the morrow would bring
further defeats for his county. He was
considering the advisability of deserting
his delegation, over which a "Jonah"
seemed to hover, when he suddenly
espied Dan Burns. Going up to him with
a rueful countenance, and being aware of
the colonel's well-known predilection for
horses, he began to storm the citadel of
his good graces in the following terms:
"Dan, old fellow, I wish you would put
me next to a few good things. Here I
have been backing a lot of 'skates' and
they have proved themselves 'dead ones'
by coming 'absolutely nowhere." Now,
you are on the inside and I would like to
play a few winners in the convention to
morrow. I hate to be a loser on every
race. Come, now, let me have some tips
on to-morrow's 'events.' "
Burns listened to the entreaty with
out moving a muscle of his countenance
and with a sly wink, he said:
" Friend, I can't give you any tips now,
but I tell you what I will do. I'll go up
stairs and study the 'form book' and I
promise to give you some 'good things'
early to-morrow morning." And with that
the astute colonel vanished up the stairs.
CONSULTED
THE
FORM BOOK.
R. E. Jack, a well-known hotel and land
owner of San Luis Obispo, is at the
Palace.
Dr. A. G. Schloesser, an extensive mine
owner, is at the" Grand, registered from
Chicago.
T. C. Johnston, an extensive rancher of
Pleasanton, is among recent arrivals at
the Grand.
A. B. Colman of Martinez, largely in
terested in the California wine trade, ie
at the Palace.
Hon. James McCudden of Vallejo, ac
companied by his wife and daughter, is
at the Baldwin.
L. J. Maddox. a Modesto attorney and
director of the Preston School of Indus
try, is at the Grand.
Brigadier General A. W. Barrett of the
State militia is down from Sacramento.
He is stopping at the California.
Will S. Green, proprietor of the Colusa
Sun, and until recently with political
aspirations, is a guest at the Grand.
Homer P. Ritter, of the United States
Coast Survey, has returned from Alaska,
where he has been chiefly engaged in
making surveys in the Copper River dis
trict.
CALIPORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— H. Douglass of
San Francisco is at the Empire; Mr. and
Mrs. James L. Frazer of San Francisco
are at the Imperial; A. de Troubaine,
French Consul General at San Francisco,
and family arrived from Paris to-day and
are at the Fifth Avenue.
STOLE BREAD AND MILK.
Sentence of Lawrence Stodolski, a
"Wealthy Old Miser, Postponed.
Lawrence Stodolski,' the wealthy old
miser who was arrested about ten days
ago for stealing milk and bread from his
tenants on Natoma street, was again ar
rested yesterday on a similar charge.
The complaining witness is Martin Bian
chi, a milkman, living at 716 Greenwich
street.
When the first case against Stodolski
was called in Judge Low's court yesterday
his attorney, F. C. Castlehun, asked for
a postponement of eentence for a week
as he wanted to show that the old man
had been acting queerly for some time
and was not responsible for his actions.
The Judge granted the request.
Death of Gteorge Hetzel.
George Hetzel, a musician and a mem
ber of the racetrack band at Ingleside,
died suddenly yesterday morning while
conversing with his wife.
He awoke early in the morning and
complained to his wife that he had been
kept awake by severe pains in the region
of the heart.
While he was telling her about it he
was seized with a sudden spasm and died
instantly. Only a few days ago a physi
cian had advised him to quit smoking,
but he failed to heed the advice. An in
quest will be held.
An Alameda Bankrupt.
John Baptlsta of Alameda has filed pa
pers in bankruptcy In the United States
District Court. He owes $1429 95 and has
no assets.
WILL SOON CONTEST
ADOLPH SUTRO'S WILL
MRS. KLUGE SUTRO READY TO
OPEN THE FIGHT.
Her Petition to Be Appointed Guar
dian of Her Children Granted
by Judge Troutt.
Mrs. Clara Kluge-Sutro was armed with
authority by Judge Troutt yesterday to
prosecute any action she may see fit on
behalf of her children against the estate
of the late Adolph Sutro. Mrs. Kluge-
Sutro was granted her application to be
apointed guardian of her children, Adolph
and Adolphine, whom she avers are the
children of the deceased philanthropist.
The petition, was granted without oppo
sition. Mrs. Kluge-Sutro took the stand
and simply testified that she was the
mother of Adolph and Adolphine Sutro,
as she called them. No testimony us
to their paternity was offered; this will
be brought out in the contest of the will
of the dead millionaire soon to be insti
tuted.
In the petition Mrs. Kluge-Sutro avers
that the children named have large prop
erty interests within the jurisdiction of
the court. The children, it is said,
through a conveyance made by Sutro,
when he was supporting them and their
mother in the home he built for their oc
cupation at Steiner and Clay streets, are
at present possessed of block No. 219, out
side lands, which is valued at about $20,
000.
The petitioner seeks to prove that she
married Adolph Sutro by contract after
the death of his first wife, Leah. Should
she fail in her efforts to establish this al
legation she hopes to establish beyond the
peradventure of a doubt that her chil
dren are those of Sutro, and thereby gain
for them a share of the rich estate.
IN THE DIVOBCE COURTS.
One Decree Granted and Two Suits
Filed on the Ground of Cruelty.
Hugh B. B. Chapman was granted a
divorce from Annie A. E. Chapman yes
terday on the ground of extreme cruetly.
In his complaint Ohapman averred that
on several occasions his wife laid his
scalp open with wooden brushes, tea
cups and other implements and conclud
OF* INTERES T
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Gnide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im*
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following ?irm§ Ple»s» Mention "The CtlL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUB FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
fJrttstic purnlture and firt Ware Importer*.
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
LJTe Stock ril [ IP SfC(i v Montjromery St.. |
Auctioneers. ILL- II U WU- San Francisco.
_ |
BELTING.
LP fIFfiFN Manufacturer of Belting: nnd
r. 1/EUEN, Laco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
gion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and "Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAB FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS. ;l ■ ;
O'RDIFV * CftWC— and Dealers In
DiliEß tt 3Ul>JLendaus, Hacks. Victorias.
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and l olk
St.. San Francisco. :
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL, CO., 1517 Market st. '
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
©OO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 18M.
DENTIST.
PR. CV- RICHARDS, ,^rg^ T ,
V 4 FIRE INSURANCE.
. EDWARD BROWN & SO*S
411-413 California street, r-ar
Capital Represented over h«.QOa.O3Q
FLOUR.
NATION AT E£ MlUs - J - Martonatp.n * Co.
nAIIUIIAL- BW. cor. Battery ttnd Faclflo st.«.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO., l^f to |., Bu^r^
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., lmporters Dealers
x in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
■ '■ — I— !■> __ MHSM ■BBBBBBJ 11
1 GOOD COOKS J
1 HAVE USED IT 1
I XDBSO YEARS S
\T AND -_**■■■ I
! MERRILL'S i
i X .PERFECTLY PURE j,jj ■
ONCE TRIED j
I ALWAYS USED j
id his desire to live with her by stabbing
him almost fatally. The suit was not
contested and on the showing made by
Chapman the decree was granted.
Suit" for divorce on the- ground of
cruelty has been filed by Appolonia Met
ten against Antone Metten and Adele
Arata against John Arata.
Blame the Supervisors.
The residents of Sunset Valley are not
well pleased with the action of the Su
pervisors, in repealing the resolution which
had been passed at a previous meeting:
of the board ordering the grading, curb
in- and macadamizing of the roadway
and sidewalks in Nineteenth avenue from
I to \V streets. . •
This street when opened and placed in
condition will give to the people residing:
in the Sunset Valley, and others who may
wish it a splendid driveway from the
Golden Gate Park to the county road on
the Mission through to the Ingleside dis
trict taDDing Dewey avenue south of the
A msho a u P s P c tract. Sunset Valley is in need
of an open thoroughfare south, as His
hemmed in on the north by the park, and
with H street impassable great inconveni
ence is met with in getting out with
the people of this dis
trict in this particular, the Park Com
missioners have permitted the public to
use a portion of the roadway on tne
south side. _____
Official Count Progresses.
The official count of the ballots cast at
the late election is progressing slowly
and without the discovery of any impor
tant errors. The election officers of the
second precinct of the Twenty ninth Dis
trict were cited to appear to-day ana ex
plain why they had not signe'i the re
turns of the vote on State offic3rs cast
in their precaincts.
A Customs Promotion.
William A. Mitchell of the Customs ser
vice has been appointed a discharging in
spector in place of John Critcher de
ceased. Mr. Mitchell's successor will be
chosen from the eligible list.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townßend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen s), 010 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"What is the atter with Penelope?
They say that she has been suddenly
taken ill and can't leave her room."
"Two of her fiances came down unex
nectedlv on the afternoon train to spend
the evening, and she expects another
later."— Harlem Life.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over flftv years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only J6O by
steamship, including fifteen days" board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Luxuriant hair with lta youthful color as
sured t>y using Parker's Hair Balsam.
Paekkk's Gin-gkb Tonic the be3t cough euro.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 2. Among the Bar
rele. &6Z Market st.
"Speaking of infant prodigies!" ex
claimed the Chinese Emperor.
"Your Majesty enjoys some distinction
in that line," rejoined the faithful old
courtier.
"I should say so. Here I am a back
number before most men are fairly start
ed in life!"— Washington Star.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LKIF.OLD HARNKSS CO.. 211 Larkla St.. a IT.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers la Buguris*.
Carts.' etc. If you want bararams call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
All&IA Hunters Equipments. Fishing
ll!lfU\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIO for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
— w«»w 739 Market eet.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market St., San Francisco. CaL
Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BTZ * CO.. A*»nts.
. ■• ■' , 101 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFPNHABT) Mattress Co.. 643 Mlwto,
I fIC DcnnllAKU st. Telephone Main lm.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wl! I AMPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
If ILLHmLI I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
TTn» Ol<1»«t TJrm *n* t*™ «nv*.
PIANOand MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 10 OTarrell St.
A r-orr>» of -xrwrt tuners and repalr«r«.
PRINTING. pRiNTEIu
E- C- HUGHES. Sll Sansome street.
SOAP.
m r nnxr c rf\ 23 California otreet.
U. 8. LDCY S CU,, renm 37. Tel. Main 1681.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tele^r^cp A RTRIDGE ggglffi
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-. "SnSSy-ai^
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
WALLPAPER.
WATCHES. ETC.
TI I Vfi V Headquarters for fine Jewe i'T,**! l
• LUrillli full 18-k. Wcddlnc Kings, « 3d st.
pooooooooooooooooa
*ya>. PALACE W S
AND HOT MkS%
q BAN FKAHCIBCO. q
" Connected by a: covered passageway. -
•* 1400 Rooms— POO With Bath Attached. **
O AU Under One Management. M
© KOTS TEE PKICES: , O
Z Europoan Plan.Sl.OO per day and npward n
D American P1an.?3.00 per day and upward »>■
Q ■ Correspondence Solicited. Q
q\ JOSH 0. KIBKPA7RICK, Miaager. q
OjOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOO-O
d >}
Vfcr .-Him I MARKET "sjH^SaS^
MARKET ST. SL^S^
U/.T.HESS,
' JTOTARY POBLIO AND ATTORNET-AT LAW,
Team .Floor, -Koom' 10 U>, Claus B- Kela •■ Ualz.'
igssag^fifsssags Telephone Brown 831.
Residence, til California at., below Poweii.
Bam Francisco.LONGEST AND
CLOSEST RACE
EVER SAILED
A Ship's Length Apart
at the Finish.
FOUR MONTHS ON THE WAY
I ALLS OF CLYDE AND MERIO
NETH THE CONTESTANTS.
Peters Starts for Stockton— St.
Paul Will Be a Christmas Ship.
Sick Boy From the
Farallones.
Two of the vessels that formed part
of "the regatta" that was held off the
Horn the Ist and 2d of September last
arrived in port yesterday after an excit
ing race.
The four-masted British ship Falls of
Clyde left London and the three-masted
British ship Merioneth left Swansea for
San Francisco within five days of each
ether. On July 4 they were in company,
and from that time until they met off the
Golden Gate they have been playing at
hide and seek. First one and then the
other ship would get the breeze, draw
ahead and disappear for a couple of
weeks or a month, only to find themselves
together again with the first lust and vk-e
versa.
The two vessels were nearly a month
out before they met, and parted after
exchanging signals. As the Merioneth
holds the record for the run between
sea and Shi; Francisco, and was then
days ahead Of the Falls of Clyde,
Captain Rowland naturally expected to
1 San Francisco first, and signaled
Captain Anderson that he would
him on arrival. Anderson signaled back,
"Thank you; I'll do the same for you,"
and the race began. On July 14 the ships
enpany again, with the big four
xnaster a little in the lead, and on August
29 they met once more in latitude L-) south,
longitude C4.:iO west, on which occasion
w- re jibboom and jibboom.
• mber 1 the Merioneth had
drawn ahead, and at 7 a. m. there was
1 vessel in sight. Captain Rowland
- ■■• ; r.-.g to have a lonely
• m. when much
- surprise at 6 p. m. six vessels came
1 Staten Island with the Falls of
In the lead. Next morning (Septem
■ ■ ■ nine vessels in the bunch
around the cape of storms to-
From that time the Merioneth
Clyde plowed their way
- h snow storms and hurricanes to
and never once spoke
until they came tog-ether in a 1 aim off
"I'll report you," slgr
■;iin Anderson of the Falin of
■ .- i: scue took hold of his
and "I'm not so sure about that,"
•:d Captain Rowland as the Sea
way with the Merioneth.
L 3 a close finish, as the Merioneth
: when the Falls of
was dropping anchor near Blossom
Merioneth, of course, beats the big
• r by rive days from England,
■ m the time they first met on the
a ' urth, and when the race really
. it was ni;> and tuck the whole
Pr ibably never on old ocean has
:>een a longer and closer race and
xciting finish.
The steamer J. D. P< tt-rs was got off
. . en ady for her journey
•". At 0 p. m. the
Liner A. c. Freese took the
DR. GARDNER'S HANDS
UNTIED AT LAST
There was consternation in the ranks of the Society for the Im
portation of Chinese Women when the news was received from
Washington yesterday that the Secretary of the Treasury had pro
moted Chinese Interpreter Rev. Dr. John Endicott Gardner to the po
sition of Chinese Inspector. It came with the suddenness of a bomb
shell, and before the coolie brokers and their friends in the Federal
building could realize that the impossible had happened, Dr. Gardner
had called upon Customs Collector Jackson and had taken the oath
of office.
The donor was not promoted at the request of Chief Meredith
of the Chinese Bureau. The promotion came about In consequence
of a recommendation made by Special Agtnt Moore in a recent re
port, in which he laid before the Secretary of the Treasury the dif
ficulties under which Dr. Gardner had been laboring, both before and
since Mr. Meredith took charge of the bureau. It has been common
knowledge that the doctor had never been extended the facilities
which should have been afforded him for the suppression of the Chi
nese trade in female slaves. He was used as a phonograph, and his
hands were practically tied behind his back. The doctor will be en
abled to make investieations on his own account, as well as inter
pret, and he will b« no longer hampered by th>- Chinese v ing which
seems to dominate the machinery of exclusion.
Dr. Gardner has a faithful partner In John Lynch, gn Inspector
who has earned his laurels by hard and conscientious work.
eistid of .a. niiOisra- ooe^ajst race.
The four-masted ship Falls of Clyde and the ship Merioneth, bound for San Francisco, were in company on
July 4 last. They met again a fortnight later and once more in the latter part of August. They rounded the Horn
together and fought their way through the same kind of weather to the Farallones, where they found themselves
in company once more. Both took tugs, but the Falls of Clyde beat the Merioneth to an anchorage by a ship's
length. Counting from the time the vessels left England the Merioneth wins by five days, but counting from July
4, when they first met, the Falls of Clyde "won by a nose."
j wrecked steamer in tow, and it is ex
! pected that she win reach Stockton with
j her about 2 p. m. to-day.
The transport St. Paul will get away
I to-morrow for Manila with supplies. Of
j these she has about 2000 tons, two hun
! dred of which are Christmas presents for
the soldier boys. Her passengers will
consist of twenty-one women (wives of
the officers), forty-one enlisted men and
live officers and two clerks for the quar
termaster's department. Captain Isie
baum of the Alaska Commercial Company
is sending a redwood to the California
boys for a Christmas tree, and one of the
officers of the vessel will personate Santa
1 Claus when the tree is set up. It is
i going down in a big earthen pot and will
jbe planted when Manila is reached. The
I St Paul Is to be "The Christmas ship."
1 and as such she will be properly deco-
I rated leaving port and on her arrival in
I Manila bay.
..modore Baetke and his sloop Ma
bel received a joyful welcome at the Far
allones last Monday. He ha., been out on a
cruise since last Friday, and when in the
vicinity of th- Islands saw the keepers
of the light signaling to him. He made
a landing after several narrow escapes,
and upon g< ttlng ashore learned that
Lightkeeper Bermer's little son was dan
gerously ill. The only thing to do was
to get him to the city and that as quick
ly us possible. After much maneuvering
the boy and his father wore got into
the sloop and yesterday were landed at
Meiggs wharf, i'he boy is now getting
better and will be about again in a few
News was received yesterday of the
wrecking of the steam-r City of Colum- :
bla. The Columbia was on her way to •
Puget Sound from Honolulu when she
sprang a leak and had to run for Hilo.
When she reached that port she filled and ,
sank. The City of Columbia has been a ;
most unfortunate ship. She left New 1
York for San Francisco with a party of
Klondikers and was nearly wrecked in j
THE SA:N" FEANCISCO CAT^, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1598./
the Straits of Magellan. She had to go
on the ways at Valparaiso and was held
there nearly a month before her bills were
paid. On her arrival at Puget Sound she
was libeled and some of the cases are not
settled yet. She was put on the Honolulu
trade, but got into trouble again and ior
two months has been fighting law suits
in the Hawaiian courts. Now comes the
end, as the chances are she will never
be raised from the bed she occupies in
Hilo harbor.
Irurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Zahm Sues for Damages.
C. D. Zahm has sued W. T. Garratt &
Company and the People's Express Com
pany to recover $25,000 damages for per
sm.al injuries sustained on January 4 of
this jfiar. On that date plaintiff alleges
that While he was in the employ of W. T.
AMTJRFMENTS.
S BACKACHE.
j> Mrs. Pinkham speaks earnestly to women suf=
j^ fering from this discouraging complaint.
S. ' ■
• Backache is one of the most common of T^^^^^^^^^^^^M
woman's troubles and one of the most BBB^^'^^3B^ ■
v It is not an acute pain, but a most dis- • : f^^^^
• trcssing, wearying- sensation, making work Hjlfek /ffij llf^B
N almost impossible and indicating disease |!!^|ip^
of the feminine organs. ' '^•^►^vv \\s^v>\"\l
\ A common mistake is to treat backache J \//h \ \ \^v^\ jf
1 in women with local external applica- >^gv Vhl] te§?ffl^tr\
tions, calling it "a little spinal irritation " yNfefe k /i" f s*^'\VAV
) or a "touch of rheumatism." /\wWM-t lllM'Ts^
\ Do not be deceived ; your backache /C jj m) ( i//S^^\VU w&m
v means serious trouble for you unless A\v Hfl BaL / / I\l \ WWjH
the cause of it is removed. JrX* /:^'wffifrrb r \ *J ■*^&sszm
y All uterine and ovarian dim*- s^yy I^///T& C^?4L#« ■
!i culties are relieved by Lydia I >f \ \ iSil
\ E. Pinkham's Vegetable /jhx£ x^/^ti\ Jwf/ I \ ' iW ■
:. Compound. 1 Such relief &)' f ,U QmW f » '^9
progresses in almost every T (j\* JT Pi I \
case to a complete cure* .j \ I f i I ' Ira
\ With relief of these troubles f \Jd til fl IB
, backache disappears. > C^t \ I
v Mrs. M. E. MULLER, 16 Franklin St., Vs — V^»- h J I \ I
Providence, R. 1., writes : \S ~~ 111 1 / f \
\ Dear Mks. Pijtkham :— I have been "* ~* ~* \>A/ * I %
using Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- - Vy ft ~ . I \
\ pound for backache. The pain was something dread- I ll \ \
f ul; at times I could not walk straight. Now lam all / I 1 \
\ right and enjoy good health. I feel like a new woman. ' / // I I
■* You do not know how thankful lam that I have got / fjj \ \
i my health back, and I have you to thank for it. Your it \ \
» medicine is the best that I have ever used. I advise all J/■ \ V
ladies to try it, and lam sure it will give unbounded Lg I I w,
g satisfaction. I will recommend it to every friend 1 have. fjLJj • " •^ n . -^V
i niss LIZZIB KOELLA, 529 Tec eh St., Wst
DEAK Mrs. PiXKnAM: — I cannot praise your Vege- A^^ 3^^^^^^^ 3l3^^^^^^^^/^^^^^
> table Compound enough. For about a year I was w^H^BO^^^Zlt^o^^^^^^^^Sl^^^^^^
i sick with the backache. I could not work, could \r^^ *L--^o^*^l— r^gSjSn^^^^^S^^SS
not sleep at night, and did not care to live. About y^Z^ l^^'^^^lS^^^w^ii3^^'^ lc^^^sSlw^
\ two months ago I saw your advertisement in a a^^^^BS^&zO^i2^M^^^^^ Oi «««A-as*"»—
paper, and thought I would try your Compound. gjQ^^^»*^^^p^B^^^
To-day I feel like a new person. lam just enjoy- l t **^~-^a**'^^
ing health ; never felt so good in my life. I have recommended your Vegetable Compound to many
v of my friends, who are now using it, and think it is just splendid.
i A woman of experience in these matters understands women, and
Mrs. Pinkham of Lynn, Mass has a wider experience than any physi-
cian, male or female. She orFers you her counsel free of charge, and it
i is a friendly, sympathetic counsel. No man sees your letter or its
answer at any time, and to secure the best advice it is necessary that /
you should be perfectly frank, this you can be to one of your own sex.
1 Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
I A Woman's Remedy for Woman's Ills.
Garratt & Company and working at the
hendciuarters of that firm, Fremon- and
Natoma streets, an agent of the People's
Expreßa Company drove Against a heavy
swinging aoor, which fell und injured him
in a permanent manner. He stiito.-s rhut
through his injuries it will be impossible
for him to again follow his luual occu
pation. Htnce the suit.
Don't forget German Mother's Syrup cures
your child's cough. Better try It. 25c.
Civil Service Examination.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on Decmber 14,
15 and 16 an examination will be held In
this city for the position of draughtsman
for marine engines and machinery. The ex
amination will be open to all citizens of
the United States. Persons desiring to
take the examination should communicate
with Miss Belle C. Lewald, secretary- of
the board, at the main postofflce in this
city.
SHOW CASE
ROBBERS ARE
NOW RAMPANT
Market-Street Stores*
Visited Nightly.
POLICE SPECIALLY DETAILED
FOUR ARRESTS MADE WITHIN
THE PAST TEN DAYS.
The Police Object to a Charge of
Burglary Being Arbitrarily
Reduced to Malicious
Mischief.
Complaints are being made almost daily
by storekeepers on Market street to the
police of their showcases being broken
About 1 o'clock yesterday morning a
showcase at the entrance to the Baldwin
clothing store was broken open and sev
eral pairs of gloves were stolen. The
thief broke off the lock, evidently being
afraid that breaking the glass might be
heard. He was observed by Policemen
C. Muphy and R. McDowell and they saw
him making for the Emporium. They
placed him under arrest and found the
gloves on him.
On November 10 a showcase In front of
Maginn's furnishing store, 840 Market
street, was smashed and a large number
of ladies' assorted neckties stolen. No
vember 11 a showcase at the entrance to
the store of the J. M. Brunswick Billiard
Supply Co. was broken and twenty ivory
billiard balls were taken.
In the early morning of November 6 a
showcase in front of Paul Lot's photo
graph gallery was broken open and a
gold watch case was stolen. Policemen
Meyers and McNamara saw three boys
running away from the gallery and they
pursued and captured them. A diamond
which had evidently been used to cut
the glass in the showcase was later found
on the sidewalk in front of the gallery,
and It was assumed that the thieves had
thrown it away when they saw the two
policemen.
The cases were assigned to Judge Low's
court, and at the preliminary examina
tion Monday the Judge, after hearing the
evidence, decided that the charge of bur
glary could not stand and ordered that a
chnrpe of malicious mischief should be
brought against the defendants. They
were booked on that charge; and when
the cases were called yesterday they were
continued until to-day.
The police are dissatisfied with the ac
tion of the Judge, and contend that the
defendants were guilty of burglary or
nothing.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are You Overworked, Tired, Depressed?
THEN TRY
m▼ £m "' \ k * KSRI V k fir wl v^ D n k I
MARIANI WINE — The Famous Tonic for Body and Brain,
FROM THE PHYSICIAN TO MARIANI WINE
His Imperial Majesty, the Snltan. 2 j ves STRENGTH TO
YILDIZ PALACE, CONSTANTINOPLE.
Sworn enemy of the many proprietary medi-
cines which have of late years invaded the
world, and whose only object is gain for the
proprietors, I make an exception In favor of
one preparation as meritorious as it has been
far-reaching in its good. I refer to Yin Marl-
ani, which, owing to its valuable fortifying
qualities, has conferred benefits upon weak
and suffering humanity. I therefore add my
approval and praise to thls> highly meritorious
preparation. MAVROGENY PACHA,
Physician in Chief to the Sultan of Turkey.
Paris — 41 Boulevard Haussmann; London— S3
AMTJSEHENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX CO.. Lessees and Manager*.
LAST 4 MATINEE SATURDAY.
Mr. Jacob Litt presents Grant Stewart" Suc-
cessful Comedy,
Mistakes Will Happen.
A Great Cast, Headed by •
CHARLES DICKSON AND HENRIETTA
CROSMAN.
• SPECIAL— NEXT WEEK.
Two Weeks Only— Mr. Charles Frohman Will
Present the Triumphant Success of
Two Continents.
"SECRET SERVICE."
With WILLIAM GILLETTE and the Great
Cast.
SPECIAL THANKSGIVING DAY MATINEE
SEAT SALE OPENS TO-MORROW.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO.. Lessees and Managers.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
THE PEERLESS MAGICIAN.
KELLAR,
Assisted by MRS. KELLAR.
IN A MARVELOUS PROGRAMME!
NEW FEATURES.
OH!— An Odd Title for an Astounding Feat.
THE MYSTERY OF L'HASSA— A Mahatma
Marvel.
GET RID OF YOUR WIFE— A comedy number.
Next Monday— "AT GAY CONEY ISLAND."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB, MARX & CO., Lessees and Manager*.
PRICES I A Really Great Production.
15c, WM. CALDER AND COMPANY,
25c, In the New
Andlsc ' ROMANTIC MILITARY PLAY,
NORTHERN
LIGHTS!
A CAST OF EXCELLENCE.
EVERY MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
"CONGO," the Gorilla Man.
"JOE STORMS JR.," Orang-Ontang,
and "SALLY," only Chimpanzee
In America,
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER.
10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children. 5o;
Sundays and Holidays. 10c.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY),
AMATEUR NIGHT I
OLYMPIA, c.r. o y .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
PACKED TO THE DOORS NIGHTLY.
ONLY FKKE THEATER PLAIIMi EAST-
ERN STARS. .
THE NEW YORK FAVORITES,
MIILVEY and INMAN,
In ' Their Great Specialties.
LAST WEEK OF THE CELEBRATED
The Four Florences!
; . . Return of the Favorites,
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
Very Latest Coon Songs,
AND A WONDERFUL SHOW
Of Ten Great Acts.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FRTCTC.
CONCERTS AND RESCKTJ?.
ORPHEUM— EXTRA.
-\ FIRST CONCERT.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY.
FRITZ SCHEEL, Musical Director.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON, ' Nov. 17. at S:l3.
PROGRAMME . .CLUDES:
Symphony No. 4. -n. 36, Tsrhaikowsky; over-
ture and suite in A minor. Bach.
PRICES 75c, $1 and $1 50.
Seats Now on Sale at the Orpheum.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. i. M.
Bfithing from 7 A. M. to 5 P. M. '
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 535 3 i
Bathing-, with admission. -25c: children. 20c.
DR.MGNULTY:
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Speci»llstcure*Privato,Nervous,andßloodDls-
eases of Men only. Book on Privato Diseases and
AVeaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'n' experience. I
Patients cured at Homo. Terms rt*a.onahlo. HoursO j
to 3 dally; 6:80 to B:3o ev'g3. Sundays, 10 tn 12. Consnl- !
taUon free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddress
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D..
26% Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal. '
Overworked Men,
Delicate Women,
• Sickly Children,
and
Dispels WEAKNESS
from whatever causes.
Marianl Wine gives power to the brain,
strength and elasticity to the muscles and rich-
ness to the blood. It is a promoter of good
health and longevity. It is a supremely great
tonic, which has received the indorsements of
more than 8000 American physicians.
SPECIAL NOTICE— AII indorsements cited in
our advertisements are absolutely bona-fMe.
The originals are on file and will be cheer-
fully submitted to the inspection of any and
all persons applying.
REWARD— Mariani Wine contains absolutely
no injurious properties. It benefits all and In-
jures none. A reward of $500 is offered for
information leading to the arrest and convic-
tion of any person, or person?, issuing false
and malicious statements calculated to injure
the well established reputation of "YIN MA-
RIANI." MARIANI & CO.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
& CO., 52 West 15th street. New York City,
will be sent, free, book containing portraits
with indorsements of Emperors, Empress,
Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops and other In-
teresting matter.
Mortimer St.: Montreal— 2S-3Q Hospital st.
. AMUSEMENTS, f
ALCAZARJHEATER.
"Low Prices. Always Crowded."
SEATS : 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
THIS WEEK ONLY
• WILLIAM H. CRANE'S
Fifth Avenue (New York) Theater Success,
= A FOOL =
OF
= FORTUNE =
NEXT WEEK— "IMAGINATION."
Telephone Main 254 for the Accommodation of
Our Patrons.
WOROSCO'S GRAND
V altkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager
THIS EVENING at 8:15.
An Elaborate Production of W. R. Waldron and
Lionel Ellis' Great Eastern Success,
A Midnight Trust
A GREAT MELODRAMA.
BEAUTIFUL SCENIC EFFECTS.
NEW SONGS! NEW PEOPLE! NEW PLAY!
EVENING PRICES— IOc. 25c and 59c.
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
Seats on : sale at box-office and main floor
of the Emporium.
COMEDY_XHEATER.
TO-NIGHT.
Lincoln J. Carter's Masterpiece of Stage
Realism,
UNDER
:>:-■» . . THE m m m
DOME!
ENTIRE NEW COMPANY.
Every Evening — Matinees Sat. and Sunday.
Next Monday— THE HENDERSON CO.,
First Time in This City.
CYRMINO DE BERGERAC
The Theatrical Sensation of To-day.
SALE OF SEATS COMMENCES TO-MOR-
ROW (THURSDAY), 10 a. m. Comedy Thea-
ter and Emporium. «;&
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.). NOV. 16.
Parquet, any seat^ 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren. 10c, any part. <-r. .:
HARRY LACY, assisted by >lISS VAN SIC-
LEN, in the comedy sketch, "Bob Racket's
Pajamas." ■ .
FLO IRWIN AND WALTER HAWLEY. In
the "Gay Miss Con." ■■
22— HERBERT'S TROUPE OF DOGS—
Greatest. act by trained aogs in the world. .
FLOOD BROS., acrobatic monarchs.
FRANK AND DON, comedy boxers. ■ '
JAMES CULLEN, descriptive vocalist.
PAULINE HALL, new songs.
BEATRICE MORELAND AND COMPANY,
In "A Game of Golf."
BIOGRAPH. new views.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Met.
TO-NIGHT.
Oscar Weil's Comedy Opera In Three Acts.
Suzette
A MUSICAL TREAT.
A GREAT CAST. A PERFECT ENSEMBLE.
ONLY MATINEE— SATURDAY at 2 p. m.
Next....... r\ SENSATION.
LOOK OUT FOR IT. " • '
Popular Prices 250 and Mo
A. Reserved Seat for the Matinee.... 250
Our Telephone, Bush 9. , -..
■■ \ ■■■'■"■ : '■ •' \
|A TRACKS
O RACING from Monday, Nov. 14, tof]
f> Saturday, No?. 26, inclusive. fS
\J Tlvtn More Rnnnicg Rfcees Daily, Rtin V/ ■
r^ or Bhine. ■• ■
\ / Beautiful Grounds. ' \ /
J^-' Superior Accommodations. ZgZ ,
D Superior Accommodations. C?
FIRST RACE AT 2P. M (^
» < SP.R. R- Trains, 12:45 and 1:15 \/ .
Op m. daily. Leave Third-street^^
Station, stopping at Valencia street. [1
~. ReturntnK immediately after the ># .. -
fl races. Round-trip ticket. 25c._ '
I/.' ELECTRIC CAR LINES. ■ 1
Z£ Kearny-street and Mlssion-streot \J •
r* cars every three minutes, direct to
\ / track without change. Fillmore t /
am. street cars transfer each way. . Z*
If ADMISSION TO THE TRACK. $1.00. /^
rjf. S N. ANDROUS, President. >/ .
OS N. ANDROUS. President. >/ - -
F. H. GREKN, Secretary.
ooooospoooo
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures easier.
Barley firmer.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Flour and Mill stuffs as before.
Hay steady and Bran weak.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs steady.
Pouitry !n fair demand. Game unchanged.
Fresh and dried Fruits quiet.
Provisions slow.
Hops In brisk demand. Hides quiet and easy.
Xo change in Wool.
Meat market rules firm.
Merchandise quotations about the same.
Decreased exports of Produce.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port during the
first ten months of thp year were $29,173,000,
agalnyt J34.536.000 for the same time last year,
the leading shipments going as follows: To
Atlantic ports. $2,441,500; Great Britain, $7,618.
000; China. $3,074,000; Japan. $3,f>G3.700; Africa.
121,000; Australia. $1,300,600; Mexico, $1,245,
100; Central America, $1,487,900: Hawaiian Isl
ands, $4,773,100.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 15. 5 p. m.
. fhe following are the seasonal ralntalls to
jate as compared with* those of same date last
season and rainfall In last 24 hours:
Past L' 4 This Last i
Stations— Hours. Season. Se.is,- n .
Eureka 0 4.26 5.62
Ked Bluff 0 1.11 2.78
Sacramento 0 O.SI 2.14
San Francisco 8 1.92 2.07
Fresno 0 1.14 1.23
San Luis Obispo 0 0.53 0.86
Los Angeles o 0.11 2.47
San Diego 0 0.07 1.0.
Yuma 0 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum temperature, 4S;.mean. 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slightly during the
past twelve hours in Washington and_ Oregon
and fallen in Utah and Wyoming. It" is also
falling slightly on the <Vntral California coast.
iy weather prevails In Northern Cali
fornia. While the conditions are somewhat
unsettled, rain seems Improbable Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. November 16, 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Wednes
day, becoming threatening on the northern
coast: light southerly wind.
Southern California — Generally fair Wednes
day: variable winds.
Nevada— Generally fair Wednesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona — Generally fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity- Partly cloudy
Wednesday; light southerly wind.
Spp.'ia! from Mount TamaJpals — Cloudy;
wind east, IS miles; temperature, .".4; maximum,
6". W. H. HAMMON,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. I."..— The premonitory
symptoms of reactions which were noted yes
terday in the stock market and even more
prominently in the bond market found their
Justification to-day. There were periods of
resistance to the decline and individual stocks !
in which the resistance was successful. But
the reaction gained in force as the day pro
pressed and the closing was decidedly heavy
In tone and at (tie low point, net decline being
the rule and reaching as much as a point in
a few stocks. The specialties were active all
day and the movements in them were exceed
ingly various and conflicting and influ<uiced by
individual causes. The market for railroad
showed a heavy tone from the opening,
especially in the internationals, which had the
burden of selling of foreign account to carry, i
The Grangers and Pacific* also encountered ob- j
Etacles to an advance.
The Atchta in Issues continued to be a strong
rallying point for the bull faction, the pre
1 erred stocks rising to 43V Further effort was
marie to sustain the railroad list bidding up
prices for the low priced, stocks, especially
Hi- isp in the southwest. The mystery surround
ing the pending disposition of the Chicago and
Alton also imparted strength to different rail
road stocks on rumors in connection with that
transact ion. Then: were unexplained advances
:n Southern Pacific and of 9 full points
in Chicago and Northwestern preferred. In the
specialties there were prevailing heaviness on
one hand in Sugar, Manhattan and People's
Gas. while on the other hand Metropolitan and
the paper stocks showed marked strength. The
Federal ks have been dealt In hereto
fore as deliverable when issued, a transaction
which did not call for cash. The certificates
are now being Issued and the resulting re
quirement for funds is assigned as the reason
for the weakness of these stocks. Manhattan's
weakness was attributable to a study of the
quarterly statement and the balance sheet.
Other iron and *teel stocks were heavy In sym
pathy. The hardening tendency of the money
market was reflected in the growing heaviness
of bonds, the market for which continued very
active. Total sales, 5C.310.000.
United States new 4s and the F,s declined Vi
and the 3s and the old 4s in the bid price.
NEW York. Nov. 15.— The total sales of
stocks to-day were 645,200 si. ares, including:
Atchison 19,425, do preferred 6i,335. Burling
ton 10,330. 1). & R. G. preferred 5577. L. & N.
18,858, Manhattan 14,118; Metropolitan 11,800,
Missouri Pacific 25,34\ North American SSOO,
Northern Pacific 14,715, do preferred SMB. Hock
Island 25.511. Union Pacific 10,818, do preferred
15.143, St. Paul 25,458, .Southern Pacific 8400,
Texas and Pacific 8230. Waba.'h preferred 1000.
People's Gas 14,43.', Pacific Mail 8890, Sugar
49.810, Leather preferred 2275. Chicago G. W.
12,450. T. C. & I. 87SO.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison .' 15%. Si L 4 S F T/%
Do prefd 42% Do prefd 65%
Bait & Ohio 4St* Do i;d prefd 32;*
Canada Pacific S4 St Paul 1121k
Canada Southern.. 53*4 Do prefd I<>l%
Central Pacific 28% St P & Om 83%'
Ches & Ohio 23% Do prefd 161
Chi & Alton 164 St P, M & M......174%
Chi, B & Q 11ST4 So Pacific 26%
Chi & E 111 55 So Railway !»%
Do prefd 107 Do prefd 37};
Chi G W 15 Texas & Pacific.... 15%
Chi. Ind & L 7% Union Pacific 34%
Do prefd 30 Do prefd 68
Chi & N \V 135 UPD & G Ist as-
Do prefd lt>6% sessmt paid 6
C. C. C & St L... 41% Wabash 7%
Do prefd S4 Do prefd 21%
Del & Hud50n....... 99% Wheel & L E 4th
Dei, L & W 142 assessmt paid 3%
Del & Rio G 14% Do prefd ls%
Do prefd 55% Express Companies —
Erie (new) 13' Adams Ex 109
Do Ist prefd 34% American Ex 140
Ft Wayne 174 United States 44
Gt Nor prefd 1450 Wells-Fargo 123
Hocking: Val 3% Miscellaneous—
Illinois Central. ...llo% Am Cot Oil 33%
Lake Erie & W.... 13% Do prefd 84%
Do prefd 63 Amer Spirits 12
Lake Shore IS3 Do prefd 35%
Louis & Nash 60% Am Tobacco 140%
Manhattan L &4S Do prefd I''7
Met St Ry 172% Cons Gas 183
Mich Central 108 Com Cable Co 175
Minn &St L.. 28 Col F & Iron 24
Do Ist prefd 92% Do prefd 76
Mo Pacific 37% Gen Electric 82
Moblel & Ohio 27 Haw Coml Co 38%
Mo, X & T 11% Illinois Steel 104
Do prefd 34 llntnl Paper 57%
N J Central 89% I Do prefd 91
N T Central 116% La Clede Gas 49
N V, Chi & St L.. 13% Lead 35%
Do Ist prefd 71 Do prefd 113'
Do 2d prefd 34% Minn Iron 138
Nor West 14 Nat Lin Oil 6%
No Amer Co 7%lPacific Mall 37%
No Pacific 4l%iPeople's Gas 105%
Do prefd 75 v* Pullman Pal 138%
Ontario & W 1."% Silver Certificates. 60%
Ore R & Nay , r>s Stand R & Tw.... 7%
Ore Short Line 30 Sugar 121%
Pac Cast Ist prefd. 80 Do prefd 110%
Do 2d pjerfd 59 TC & Iron 30%
Pittshurg 172 U S Leather 6U.
Reading 16% Do prefd 67%
Do Ist prefd 40% US Rubber 42%
R G W 27 Do prefd 104%
Do prefd 63 West Union 93%
Rock Island 107%; Fed Steel St
St L& S W 5% Do prefd 76%
Do prefd 13%!RrookIyn R T 67%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 3s 10a% N V Cen lsts 118
U S new 4s, reg..127% N J C ss. 113%
Do coup 127% N Carolina 6s 12. r
U S 4s 111% Do 4s 103
Do coup 113 No Pac lsts 116%
Do 2ds 98% Do 3s 67%
U S 6s reg. 112% Do 4s 101%
Do *s coupon.... 113 NYC &St L 45.106
District 3 .60s 118 Nor &W 6s 120
Ala Class A 108 I Northwestern c0n. 142%
Do B 105 Do deb f.s 117%
Do C .100 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ....100 O Nay 4s 101
Atchison 4a .... 98% O 8 Line 6s tr..128%
Do adj 4s 74% O S Line 5s tr...108%
Can So 2d5... 110% 1 Pacific 6s of 1935. lO'i*
C& O 4%s 88 Reading 4s 83"
Chi Term 4s 91% R G W lsts SOW
C & Ohio 5s 117', St L & I M Con 5s 97%
C. H& D 4%s 104% 8t L& S F Gen 65.121%
D & R G lsts 108% St P Con 160%
I) & R G 4s 98% St P C &P 15t5. .121%
East Term lsts — 107 I Do 5s llj>u
Erie Gen 4s 71%;50 Ry 5s 102%
F W & D lsts tr.. 78%iSt P. & T 6s 81%
Gen E lee 5s 109%iTenn new set 35.. 94
GH&S A6s 103 Tex Pac L G 15t5.109%
Do 2ds 104 I Do Reg 2ds 47%
H & T C 5b lll%if P D & G lsta.. 81
Do Con 6s 110%iWab Ist 5s 112
lowa C lsts 104% j Do 2ds 90%
La new consols 45. 106 ,W Shore 4s 11l
L & N Unl 4s »3%|Va Centuries 79%
Missouri 65... 100 1 Do deferred .... J»
M X & T 2ds 65% Wls Cent lsts .. 61%
Do 4s *IW
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 1 Ontario 4 00
Crown Point lfliOphlr 65
Con rn\ & Va.... 120! Plymouth 08
Deadwood 45! Quicksilver 126
Gould & Curry.... 20j Do prefd 400
Hale & Norcross. 90! Sierra Nevada.... 80
Homestake 50 00 1 Standard 1&>
Iron Silver 75 Union Con a
1 Mexican 17 Yellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money- ' , West End 57%
Call loans 203 I'O P"td 109£
Time loans 2%@4 Westingh Elec .. 34 :»
Stock;.— Do prefd 67%
' Atch T St Fe IM4 Ed Elec Tel 190
I Amer Sugar 121% Atch prefd <M<t
Do prefd 11l Atchison 4s 97U
! Bay State Gas ... 2% Mining: shares—
j Bell Telephone.... 280 Allnuez Mm C 0... 4%
Bos A.- Albany ... 249 Atlantic ■;;••••••• 30 2
' Boston & Maine. IC4 Boston & Mont .. 22i>*
Boston & L 7S Butte & Boston .. 54%
Chi P.ur & Q 118* Calumet & Hecla 598
Fitchburg 104% Centennial 21
: Gen Electric 82% Franklin 1 ■;'*
Me* Central " -i 7i 7 Osceola <oo s
NY & N Eng.... 95 Qulncy 30
I Old Colony 185 Tamarack 177
Or "hort Line.... 30 Wolverine 32
Rubber 42 Parrott 27
Union Pac 34% Humboldt 4}*
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— The Evening Post's
financial cablegram says:
The stock markets here were Irregular to-day
and ' less firm. Americans opened below the
parity, operators here being timid concerning
the outcome of the Peace Commission's discus
sion of the Philippine question. Later prices
rallied considerably, but the close was dull
again. Except for nervousness over the Philip
pines the feeling here is very confident in favor
of Americans, as it is felt that the currency
bogey, so much dreaded by English Investors,
has been thoroughly laid. ' ; ;V; V
For a time Grand Trunk was good to-day on
Montreal buying. Spanish 4s were bought
from Paris.
The German demand for gold Is strong at
77s 9%d. The tightness of money in Berlin con
tinues and a further rise in the German bank
rate is quite possible. There was a sharp fall
In Spanish exchange to-day.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— Canadian Pacific, 87;
Grand Trunk, 7%: Bar Silver, quiet, 2Sd;
Money, 2%@3 per cent.
CLOSING.
PARIS, Nov. 15.— Spanish fours closed at
41 £0.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— Spanish fours closed at
41%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
33,998; exports 25.737 barrels. Fairly active on
low grades, winters steady; winter extras,
$2 70® 3.
WHEAT — Receipts 371,100; exports 401.483.
Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive. Options opened weak an-i lower half
the day under bearish cables and big receipts;
long wheat appeared freely but with a subse
quent renewal of export demand ceased and
prices rallied from the low point, closing Vie
net decline, but Uc from the bottom. Sales:
No. 2 red May, 70%®71%c; closed, 71c.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— To-day's market for metals was a
rather uninteresting affair, buyers taking hold
rather gingerly and sellers showing little snap
and interest. News was somewhat conflicting
and added not a little to the hesitation of lo
cal traders, went off slightly before the close
under some selling pressure; no scarcity of
buyers. At the close the metal exchange
called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet, with $7 10 bid
and $7 25 asked.
LAKE Unchanged, with $12 80 bid,
$12 87>,i asked.
Easier, with $17 75 bid and $17 95 asked.
LEAD— Very quiet, with $3 70 bid and $3 75
asked. The firm naming the settling price for
leading miners and smelters at the West quoted
lead t'>-day at $3 50.
SPELTER— Quiet; $5 15 bid and $5 25 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
5 points lower. Spot — Rio, quiet but
steady. Mild steady. s>
SUGAR— Raw, strong and tending upward;
fair refining, 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16 c;
molasses. 3%c. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3SS2 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 15Vsfg23' £c; Elgins, 23> 2
factory. 11%@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 6561 packages; firm; West
ern. 23& c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, "Q'Sc;
prime wire tray, SQS'/ic; choice, B?i@9c; fancy,
PRUNES— 3%©IOc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, Higl4c; Moorpark 131j15c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, BH@U%c; peeled, IS®
20c.
CHK'AGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nor. 15.— 1t was evident at th"
opening in Wheat that traders playing for
higher prices were going to have a hard time.
Liverpool, instead of responding to yesterday's
advance, showed a decided inclination to go
the other way, and in this was jir-t alone,
Paris also showing weakness. Liverpool was
led higher to %d lower and Paris 10 centimes
lower. May opened %<B-\i,c lower at 6S',«i f rj66 I ric,
and December started lower at 66%QM%a
There were very few buyers of either option for
some time, while selling orders were large,
especially in December, and prices were stead
ily forced down, the first hour's trading re
sulting in May declining to 66 and December
to'66Vic. Besides the weakness of cables, bulls
had to contend with remarkably heavy North
west receipts, prospects of a continuance of
the same on account of favorable weather and
reports from New York that many of yester
day's heavy buyers had turned sellers. All
this was an incentive to short selling. Minne
apolis and Duluth reported 2088 cars to-day.
About 11 o'clock some improvement In prices
took place on the sale of 300,000 bushels cash
Wheat here and the reported sale at New York
of 125 boat loads for export. This caused liqui
dation to stop more or less and started cover
ing by the more timid shorts. December had
risen to 66% c by noon and May had recovered
to 66»4c. Bradstreet's statement of the world's
visible, however, threw a damper over the
market. This showed an Increase of 6,723.000
bushels. The figures were much larger than
had been anticipated and the market at once
became weak. Liquidation and short selling
became quite heavy again. During the last
hour's trading prices slowly but surely de
clined May closed at 6Cf/66Vic and December
at 66%e.
Corn developed considerable weakness. There
was heavy liquidation by longs induced by
lower cables fine weather West and the break
in Wheat. Short selling was general. May
closed V4<s%c lower.
Oats were relatively strong. Cash prices were
at a nremlum over futures and an excellent
demand was reported. This was a big help to
the speculative market, and though there was a
*mall decline early with Corn, this was soon
recovered. May closed unchanged.
Provisions were dull and heavy. The market
felt the big receipts of hogs and the weakness
in Corn. Late in the day the market improved
somewhat. January pork closed 2' 2 c lower,
lard 2 J 2 c lower and ribs 2^@sc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wlirat, No. 2—
November 66
December 68% C 6% 60 66%
May 66% 66% 65% 66%
Corn. No. 2—
November 31% 31% 31% 31%
December 31% 31% 31% 31 r >»
May 33% 33% 33 33%
Oats. No. 2—
December 23% 24% 23% 24%
May 24% 24% 24% 24%
itfess Pork, per bbl—
December 7 75 7 75 7 70 7 75
January 8 82% 885 880 885
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 4 77% 480 425 480
January 485 485 4 82% 485
Short Ribs, per ICO lbs—
December... 4 42% 4 42% 4 42% 4 42%
January ...4 50 4 50 4 45 4 50
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 Spring Dheat. f. o. b., Wty6sc;
No 2 Red. 6S<g<S7c; No. 2 Corn, 31 Vg 3l Tic; No.
2 Oats, I. 0. b., 26@25%c; No. 2 White.
t. o. b., 28% c; No. 3 White. f. o. b.,
26%'?'27%c: No. 2 Rye. 51c; No. 2 Barley, t. o.
b, 34'~.'?j49c; No. 1 Flaxseed. 98c: Prime Tlm
othv Sned. $2 25; Mess Pork, per bbl, J7 7S(g7 SO;
Lard, per 100 lbs, $4 80@4 82%; Short Ribs Sides
(loose), ?4 70@4 HO: Dry Salted £houldt rs
(boxed), $4 37%'f?4 50; Short Clear Sides (boxed),
$4 7904 80: Whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gal. Jl 26; Sugars, cut loaf, $5 77; Granu
lated, S5 27.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 238,000 144,n00
Corn bushels 431,000 313.00H
Oats, bushels 393.000 301,000
Rye, bushels 72,000 27,000
Barley, bushels 154,000 14.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: Creameries, 14(?i22c; Dair
ies, 12%®19c. Cheese, quiet, S@9%c. Eggs,
firm: fresh, 20c. ■-
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— . Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 33C.720 149,860
Duluth 900,676 733,041
Milwaukee 164,000 CSO
Chicago ,237,900 , 144.177
Toledo ••••• 40,444 47.000
St Louis • 56,000 6G.000
Detroit 10,375 2,667
Kansas City 82,500 97,000
Totals .........1,888,615 1,250,385
Tidewater-
Boston .* 700
New York 381,100
Philadelphia ...: 58,084 32,420
Baltimore 84,547 32.420
New Orleans 8,000
Galveston ■ 65,777 - <'.'. ;
Totals :......
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. : Mar.
Opening .6 2% 5 11%
Closln* 6 1% 6 10%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 1898.
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apl.
Opening '. 47 65 46 40
Closing 47 75. 46 40
Wheat— : ; -V ;»•-»«.
Opening 2175 2150
Closing 2175 2150
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. '
CHICAGO, Nov. 15.— CATTL.E— Market gen
erally steady. Native beef steers, $3 So@4 50
for the commoner lots up to $5@5 70 for good to
extra shipping droves, with the larger part of
the offerings at $4 75@5 30; stockers and feed
ers, $3 30@4 15, the call being mostly for light
weight steers; best calves, |6@7; fed Texans.
$4@4 75.
HOGS— Market s(ffloc lower. Sales were at
$3 15«?3 50 for the commonest to best droves of
hogs, the - bulk of the' sales bringing •$3 35<§>
3 47%; pigs sold at $2 40(8 3 30, largely at $3®
3 15. .
SHEEP— for lambs 15@20c lower.
Lambs sold at $3 75@5 70 for Inferior to prime
flocks. Sheep were 10c or more lower, with
sales at $2 50@4 40, yearlings selling at $3 75@
4 75: range sheep sold at $2 75@4 30 and feeders
brought $3 50*34.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; Hogs, 40,000; Sheep.
15,000. ;.■;•'
KANSAS CITT.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 15.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, ■ 12,000. Market steady. Native steers,
$3 Mkg's 20: Texas steers, $2 754f4 85; Texas cows,
$2 UO3; native cows and heifers, $1 Ss@4 25;
stockers and feeders, $3 2S@4 75; bulls, $2 23
@3 20.
HOGS— Receipts, 20.000. Market s@loc lower.
Bulk of sales, $3 25@3 35; heavies, $3 30(3-3 45;
packers, $3 20<g3 40; mixed, $3 20@3 »7%; lights,
$3 10@3 30; yorkers, $3 2u'g3 30; pigs, $2 90@3 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. . Market (steady.
Lamb?, $4 60@5; muttons, $3@4 20.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Nov. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2600.
Market steady to Btrong. Native beef steers,
$4 30®5 30; Western sUers, $3 75®4 40; Texas
steers, $3 50@3 f<o; stockers and feederß, $3 40ijj>
4 50; bulls, stags, etc., $2 25<g3 "5.
HOGS— Receipts, SSOO. Market s@loc lower.
Heavy, $3 S2HOS 40; mixed, $3 3SKOS 35; light,
$3 30<?3 42 1 bulk of sales, $3 32H©3'37%. T
SHEEP— Receipts, 2300. Market steady to
lower. Native muttons, $3 70@4 40; Westerns,
$3 50@4 25; lambs, $4@5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER. Nov. 15.— CATTLE-Recelpts, 2600.
Market active and firm; beef steers, $3 IR®
3 SO; cows, $2 80@3 40; feeders, freight paid
to river, $3 40@4; stockers, freight paid, $3 26
<S4; bulls, stags, etc., $2@S.
HOGS— Receipts. 1100. Market slow, 10@15c
lower; light packers, $3 36<53 40; mixed, $3 30
<g3 -ib: heavy, $3 25f3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, 200. Slow and steady.
Good fat muttons, $3 60® 4; lambs, $4@4 75.
LOW PRICES FOR GRAPES.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15. — The Journal of Com
merce says: Notwithstanding short supplies
speculative interest in Almeria grapes seems
to be almost wholly lacking, which is attrib-
uted to the unsuccessful results of ventures
in this direction since California became an im
portant factor in the supply of good keeping
grapes for holiday and winter trade. Prices,
while rather high on Almeria fruit this season,
are still below ccr Ures obtained In the New
York market at this time In several previous
years. Liverpool is still a factor, so far as
shipments to this side are concerned, and It
will depend In great measure upon how much
she can ship to this market whether prices
will be maintained at their present level or not.
Hut for California competition it is said there
would be no doubt on that score.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 15.— Consols. 110% ; Silver.
27 15-Kd; French Rentes, lilf K>c. Wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes
on passage, quieter; English country markets,
quiet; Indian shipments of Wheat to United
Kingdom. 27.000 bushels; Indian shipments of
Wheat to the Continent. 3000 bushels.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 15. — Wheat steady;
Wheat In Paris, stead y; Flour In Paris, qui^t;
French country markets, firm; weather in Eng
land, cloudy.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 1-32.1.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 1.'..- Wheat— Spot. No. 1
red Northern spring, steady. 6s 3V 2 d. Futures
closed quiet: November, nominal; December.
6s l%d; March. 5s iov*d.
Corn— November, steady, 3s 10% d; December,
steady, 3s 8T»d; March, steady, 3s BT»d. Spot
American mixed, firm: 3s 10% d.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Nov. 15.— Specinl cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreefs Indicate the
-ng changes in available supplteß last
Saturday, as compared with- the preceding Sat
urday :
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, increase, 5.223,000 bushels: Liver
pool corn trade news afloat for and in Europe,
Increase, LGOQ.9OO bushels; total supply in
crease. 5,723,000 bushels.
Corn— T'nited States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 1, 044,000 bushels.
(Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease. 234.000 bushels.
The combined stocks held at Portland, Or.,
and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., Increased
359,000 bushels during the week.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Nov. 15. — The wool market is prac
tically in the same condition as last week.
The prices for Territory wool range all the way
from the basis of 43@46c for scoured medium
and fine, with medium at 41(§43t\ and staple at
47®80c.
Fleece wools are meeting with some sales
at 20<fi21c unwashed for X and XX and above;
for Ohio, 275 29c is being asked.
Australian wools continue steady, with not
a bemblance of weakness anywhere. Quota
tions :
Territory wools — Montana, fine medium and
fine, Wfj'llr; scoured, 44^460; stn.nle, 4S'gT>oc;
Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine,
14<5j16c: scoured, 44'«4.>c: staple, 47®48c.
Australian wools, scoured basis — Cembing
superfine, 70<§75c; good, 6'><?6Sc; average, 62@60c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 15.— Exchanges, $342,
423; balances, $76,824.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 15.— The local wheat
market was easy to-day on less favorable ca
bles fr.im Liverpool. About 59c ie the ruling
quotation for Walla Walla. Valley and Blue
Stem are easy at 62<f?63c.
Cleared— Ship Glenidoon, for Queenstown,
with 115.242 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash.. Nov. 15.— WHEAT— Club,
60c; Blue Stem, 63@64c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, GO days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
■WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominally quoted
at 26s 3d, usual options, with no business of
any conseo.uence. The chartered Wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 17,322,
against 63,300 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 24,390 tons, against 13,700; on the
way to this port, 149,560 urns, against ISS/200.
WHEAT— The mnxket rules dull at about the
same prices, though futures are somewhat off.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, »1 IS%@l 21%; milling,
$1 22%@1 26%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock — May— 4ooo
ctls, $1 23; 10,000, $1 22%; 8000, $1 22%; 6000,
$1 22%; 2000. $1 22%. December— $1 19%;
2000 $1 19%; 4000, $1 19.
Second May— 2ooo ctls, $1 22%: 6000,
$1 23; 2000. $123%; 8000, $123%; 2000, 23%.
December— 2ooo, U 19%.
Regular morning — May — Booo ctls, $1 23;
16,000. $1 23%. December— 2ooo. $1 19%.
Afternoon session— May— 4ooo ctls, 1123%;'
2000. $1 23%.
BARLEY— The market was somewhat better,
both on' and off call, though business was dull.
Clearer weather in the afternoon sent futures
up again. . ■ ' ■ - '"•■■■•■ .
Feed,' $1 25@1 30; Brewing, $1 32%@1 40 per
ctl. - •' : .•• ■*■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ ■ • • '■ ■ • -
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $127%; 6000. $1 28. May— 2ooo. $1 20%.
Second session — December 4000 ctls, $1 29;
2000, $1 29%. March— 2ooo, $1 32.
Regular morning session— Booo ctls,
$1 29V4; 2000, $1 29%. ' .
Afternoon session — — 2000 ctls, $1 30*
2000. $1 30%; 4000. 30%; 2000, $1 31%; 2000.
$1 30%; 10,000, $1 31.
OATS — There was a moderate business . yes
terday at unchanged prices.
Fancy Peed. ■$1 27%@1 30 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 22%@1 25; common, $1 17%@1 20; Sur
prise, $1 35@1 42%; Gray. $1 20« l 22%; milling.
1601 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40® 1 47%; Black, $1 bu
@1 70. -
Quotations have not changed for some
time. The market continues dull.
Small round yellow, $1 16; Eastern large yel
low, $1 02%@l 05; white. $1 0."; mixed. $l@l 02%
per ctl; California White, $105(8107%. ■
RYE— Nothing doing; California, $1 20@l 25;
Eastern, SI 15@1 20 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— 'extras, $4 16@4 25; bakers'
extras; $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in Backs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour,' $2 75 ; per
100; Rice ' Flour, $7; Cornmeal, ' $2*so;' extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 60; Hominy, J3 25@3 60: Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina,
$4 50; Whole -Wheat Flour, $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels), S5 85@6 25; In sacks, |5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay is steady and unchanged. The course of
the market from now on depends altogether on
the weather. Bran is weak.
BRAN— sls<sl6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI9iR2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31(?f3l 50; job
bing, $32f/o2 50; Cocoanut cake, J24ft25; Cotton
seed Meal, $25,(5 30 per ton; Cornmeal. $23 5Uf»
24 50; Cracked Corn, $34025.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16 50@18 50 for
good to choice and $14'c16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $l. r .<&18;
Oat, $14fi16: Island Barley. $13® 14: Alfalfa,
$10!frll 50; Stock, $llC(i>12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy. $13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Seeds are easy at the recently revised prices.
Beans show no further change.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 90«2; Small Whites, $2ig
2 15; Large Whites, $1 70<gl 80: Pinks, $1 90@2 05;
Reds, $3 25; Blackeve, $3 50fj3 75; Butters, $2«
2 CO; Limas, $3 20ig3 30; Pea. $2 10@2 25; Ked
Kidneys, $2 40(Q2 o» per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4@4 25 per ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $4; Flax, ?2<§2 10; Canary Seed, 2%
(g l 2\c per lb; Alfalfn. ,(alM.c.; Rape, 2%@2%c;
Hemp, 2 : Timothy, MM c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, M 25<jfl 40; Green, $1 50
@1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The market is well supplied with most vege
tables except Beans and Summer Squash. Po
tatoes and Onions range about the same.
POTATOES— 3OsS4f>c for Eariy Rose and 35®
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
@$1 05; Oregon, 60@90c; Sweet Potatoes, 75c(@:$l
for nearby and $I<Ul 25 for Merced; New Pota
toes. .2<g2%c per lb.
ONIONS— 30(8 ; 50c per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35(5
EOf per ctl. . x
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3c; String
Beanp, 4@sc ; Lima Bean- $I@l 60 per sack;
Bay Squash, . 76ciw>$1;' Green Peppers, 25@50c;
Cabbage, 40@5flc;' Tomatoes. 35@50c; Garlic, 4@
6c per lb; Green Okra, 40@50c per lb; Dried
Okra, .10c per lb; Cucumbers, 35igT>0c; Egg
Plant, 25@50c per box; Marrowfat Squash, $8
010 per ton. • • •
EVAPORATED; VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs: sliced,
desiccated, 16(filSc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, -30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There will probably be more Eastern on the
market to-day.
Turkeys are coming in freely and are com
paratively low for this season. Twenty-two
cases of dressed from Oregon sold at 16<gl7c.
Other Poultry is quiet and unchanged.
Game stands about the same.
FOULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, 16c; live
Turkeys, 14®l«c for Gobblers and i2V-fi4c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. Jl GOOI 75; Goslings,
$1 50@ 1 75; Ducks, |4@S for old and $«(5 50 for
young; Hens, $4<r.=>; Roosters, young, |4 50®
6 50; Roosters, old, $4#4 F«« Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers, $3 50 for large, J3ff3 25 for small;
Pigeons, *l@l 25 per dozen ror old and $1 75
for squabs.
GAME—
Quail. $1 50<fl 75- Mallard. $3@4; Canvasback,
$4-f/S; Sprig, $3"; Teal. $1 50@l 75; Widgeon, $1 50;
Small Duck, $1 25; English Snipe, $1 50;
Jack Snipe, $1; Gray Geese. $2(8 2 50; White
Geese, $1; Brant. $1 25<gl 50; Honkers. $4;
Hare, $I®l 25; Rabbits, $1 25@1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
There is no change in Butter and Kggs, both
being steady. Several cars of Kastern Eggs
came in yeetrday. the railroad blockade hav
ing been raised. Cheese is as before.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23@24c; sec-
onds, 20g22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, 15O17^ic
Pickled Goods— Firkin, lS@2oc; pickled roll,
19@21c; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed, 16gl6Vic per
2b; Elgin. 22@22V4c.
CHEKSE— Choice mild new, 10@llc; old, SV4O
9%c; Cream Cheddar, 10© lie; Young America,
. -ill'-io; Eastern, 12(0 13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 4i>S"42%c per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 35<i?37k>c; Eastern, 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27}j&30c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Grape Fruit Is on the market at $sf?fi per
box. All citrus fruits are quiet and unchanged.
New Oranges come forward slowly.
Apples are in good supply and unchanged.
Lady Apples are offering at $1 50 per box.
Table Grapes are slowly Improving under de
creasing arrivals. Wine Grapes continue poor
and wet.
i>t-:< n>rnrs fruits—
Strawberries, %2 50@i per chest for large and
for small.
Huckleberries, sfg6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries, fl&l 50 per barrel for Eastern
and J2'ri2 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 35QWc per box; crates sell
a!-,-'.: loc higher than boxes; Wine Grapes, $20@
23 per ton for Zinfttndel and ?15@1S for com
mon kinds. ,/
Ka?pber;ies, $3 5006 per chest. -
Apple*, 360C0C for common, 75<3Soc per box
for No. 1 and *lftl 25 for choice.
Pears, 50®$l 26 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, J3 s<vs4 50
per box; Seedlings, $1 50@2 SO; Lemons, $I@2 for
common an>l 12 50@3 BO for g lod to choice; Mex
ican Limes, i\'ni 50; California Limes. 2.^(1*1
jier smull Ihix: Bananas, $1 sO*r?'2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
Dealers continue to report a quiet and fea
tureless market.
DRIED GllUlT— Prunes. 6%@7c for 40-50" s,
."^:>4c for 50-60' s, 3%c for 60-70' s, 3%c for 70-B"' s,
2%©3 c for SO-90's, 2@2%c for 90-100's and l%c
for 100-110' s; Silver Prunes, 2%@5c; Peaches,
SO7%C for good to choice, 7%®Sc for fancy and
10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, lC(gl2c for Royals
and 12'dl2Sc for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
7'^(S"%c; sun dried, 4(a4%c; Black Figs, sacks.
2''u^ l ie; Plums,. 4%( r «6c for pitted and I@l%C for
unpilted; Nectarines. 6^ 7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, S^'c for quarters and S<§9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3-%c for two-crown. 4-\c for three
crown. s>ic for four-crown. &6Q6\be for Seedless
SultanftK. 4V«c for Seedless Muscatels atnl $1
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2%Ca3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. SCrtl2VsC per lb; Walnuts,
6ff7c for hardshell, SfTj9c for softshell; Almonds,
i'iilc for hardshell; Uc for softsholl. 14ftl5c for
paper-shell; Peanuts. 6</7c for East, m and 4ftO
oc for California; Cocoanuts. $4 r.ifn.'i.
HONEY— Comb, 10Q11C for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, t%M
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 6<&&%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
There Is nothing doing in this market of any
consequence and quotations remain unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per lb for
heavy, Sc for light medium, 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and ii@VPlkc for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams 9f<9'-r: Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per bbl:
extra Mess Beef. $11^1150; Family Beef, $12@
12:'O; extra Prime Pork, $10: extra clear, $180
18 50; mess, $15 50® 16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lb.
LAUD— Eastern tierces, quoted at 5%c per lb
for compoun.l and BtOJo for pure; pails, 7%c;
California tierces, 4*»<!/r>c per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half-barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7Vic; 5-lb tins. 7%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, o~mTi6%c: packages
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb pails, 60 in a case. 9>-6c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, S%c; 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case. B%c; 10-lb pails, C in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins 1 or 2 in a case, "%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are easy and the trade are rather look
ing for still lower prices. Hops are selling
briskly at firm prices, mostly at about 14c,
a ethe upper, qualities are scarce. :
A local circular says of Wool: . "Locally there
Is but little to report; but what little there Is
Is more hopeful of a brisk business later along.
One sale of a hundred and * fifty thousand
pounds has been made here, . chiefly bright,
well-grown toothill woo!, at very low cost.
No other local trade. In the East large sales
have recently be*n made at lower prices. The
market there. as well as here Is glutted with
wool. Manufacturers are aware of this, and
therefore take their own time and make their
own terms as to prices, but a good winter trade
in ' manufactured goods will change conditions
to that extent that business after January
ehould be better all around."
Fall Wools— t Price.
Humboldt and Mendocino 7. 11W13
Northern mountain ...:........'.. 9(311
Mountain B@H>
Plains ........ ...:.. C<§> 9
HIDES AND SKINS — and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers,. 10c; medium. Sic; light. Se; Cowhides,
B@BV4c; Stags, Cc; Salted Kip, S%c: Calf, S%c;
dry Hides, sound, l. r .c: culls and. brands. 12c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15o; dry Calf, 17c; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool. 30<H>
4Cc each: medium. 6O@SOc; long wool, 9<>c@sl 10
each; Horse Hides,, salt. $1 75@>2 for large and
75c for small: Colts. 60c; Horse Hides, dry. $1 50
for large and 50cfff$l for small. :
'TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3%c. per lb; No. 2,
2*ic; refined, 4*4<ff4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL — Spring — Southern Mountain. 12
months', 9©llc; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', 8©10 c; Foothill and • Northern, free.
12(ffl4c: Foothill and Northern, defective. 10(f|>
12c; Middle County, 13@16c: Humboldt and Men
docino," 14®16c;" Nevada; 'lo@l4c:' Eastern Ore
gon, 10<5£12c: Valley Oregon. 15(®17c.
. HOPS— crop, 13<<?17c per lb.
.„ > GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, .at 4%@5c ; [ Wool • Bags, " 26@2Sc : San
Quentln Bags. $4 K5; Fruit Bags, sc, 5%c and
6%c for the three grades of white and : 7@Bc for
brown. . ••■'. "-■■■■ ' ' ...
, COAL— Welllnirton, f8 per ton; ; New 'Weinng
b Tffi^-i'ffayrwtfPit^emt"n--,i ■.rm-fn x~.*-r n^-t-fniv - ' --.■-- -.'*■.■ , ■--■-
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland. $8 50 In bulk and $10
in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $lt
in sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 10% c; Sisal, 9V*c; Duplex,
B%c basis. . -
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries, *1 3o@l 40;
Peaches. $1 40@l 75; Pears. $1 40; Apricots, $1 40;
Plums. 95c.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 85c@$l 2o;
Asparagus. $1 50@l 75: Tomatoes. 95c.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l4@lsc for prime
washed, 13@13»£c for good washed, 13@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry. tt%©l2%e for
good peaberry, 12(g 13c for good to prime, 10%®
lie nominal for good current mixed with black
beans, 9@10%c for fair, s%@Sc for common to
ordinary. Salvador— ll@l3c for good to prime
'washed, 9@lo'ic for fair washed, lOi-iigilVaC for
good to prime washed peaberry, SV4@S%c for
superior unwashed, 8c for good green un
washed, 9%(J?10c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua— nominal for good
to superior unwashed, 9Vs@loc nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican — 14@16%c for prime to fancy ■' washed.
10&@ll%e for good to strictly good washed, 9@
10c for fair washed, 7<BBV4c for medium, 5@6%c
for inferior to ordinary, llV&@l2c for good to
prime washed peaberry. 9^4@loc for good un
washed peaberry, B@B%c for good to superior
unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c; ' cases, se
lected, 2 c; imitation Eastern, s%c;' boneless,
r>> r; strips. 5-Vd7'2c; blocks, sV4@7c; tablets.
"Vsc; middles, 6^@B%c per lb; desiccated, S7%c
I per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $S;
1 pickled cod, half-barels. each, . $4 50.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25(S'28c per
lb; Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light, 23«?25e; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather, light. 23@24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 30<>j36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27®
30c; Harness Leather, light. 26@2Sc; Collar
Leather, 14(f?16c per foot; Kip. . finished, 40@45c
per lb: Veal, finished, 50@55c; Calf, finished, 75c
<S>|l: Sides, finished, 16fj)17c per foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14@16c per lb; Rough Splits, SljflOe.
OlL— California Castor^ Oil,. cases. No. 1. 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 48c; raw, 46c;
cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 56c: No. 1. 46c; cases, 5c more: China
Nut, 45@53c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 65c; cases, 70c: No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white,
40c: bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil. natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per gal
lon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, 12c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases, 17H<\ Astral Oil,
17Hc: Star Oil. 1714 c: Extra Star Oil. 21% c:
Elaine Oil. 22% c; Eocene Oil, 19% c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 13c; in cases, lS&c;
Benzine, in bulk, lie; cases. 17c; SG-degree
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c: in cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 16 oz,
7V; 6s, 14 oz, 6%c; 6s. 12 oz, 6c; 6s, 10 oz,
5Uc Granite (Mining) Candles— 16 oz, B%c;
Bs, 14 oz, 7 c; 6s. 12. oz. 7»/ic; 6s, 10 oz, 6V4c.
I'araffine Wax Candles— 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s, white,
B%c; colored. &Vie.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 56c; in iron barrels,
51c; in wooden barrels, 53c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 41c; raw, barrels,
39c; cases. 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S4I per flask for local use
and $37 for export.
BUGAR- Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6%c: Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 5%c: Dry Granulated. s^c: Confec
tioners. A. 5%c; California A, sVic; Magnolia A.
5%c; Extra C, Be; Golden C, 4 4c; half-barrels,
l«el «c more than barrels, and boxes J ,4c more. No
order taken at less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Everything In this line is firm at the recently
advanced prices. Supplies are not liberal and
the demand is good.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6V4c: choice. 7c: second
quality, si^(g6c; third quality. 4®3c.
VEAL— Large. 7c; small. 7®B%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7U@Sc; Ewes, 7c.
LAMB— S'i@9c per lb.
PORK— Live H'-itrs. 4<?i4V»c for large. 4Vifs4 1 4c
for medium and t 'aV> r for small: stock Hogs,
2^®3c; dressed Hogs, 6<37c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, ' November 15.
Flour, qr sks ... 13.5131 Wool, bales ..... 206
Barley, ctls 1.950 ! Pelts, bdls 250
Corn, ctls 515 I Hides, n.. 1.792
Butter, ctls 153 F.tgs,. doz 7,950
Cheese, ctls 6 Quicksilver, flsks 40
Potatoes, sks ... 3.905 Leather, rolls ... 85
Beans, sks 7,687 Wine, gals 87,100
Onions, sks 325 Sugar, *lcs 3,103
Hay, tons 200 Do bbls 140
1 Straw, tons 15 Raisins, bxs 4,825
Hops, bales 130 Tallow, ctls 208
OREGON. —
Flour, qr sks ... 545 1 Potatoes, sks ... 668
Wheat, ctls Wool, bales 41
Barley, ctls l.nint
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no disturbance in mining stocka
worthy of note.
Local seurlties were weaker under the usual
good business.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a regular monthly dividend
of 50 cents per share, payable December 1.
The ore shipments from the mines of Eureka
and Hamilton districts, Nevada, by rail for the
week ending November 9 were as follows:
Fmm Eureka mines— Antoniazzi, 35,420 pounds;
Diamond, 36.340; Excelsior. 32.170; Idaho, 54,
9 S- Richmond, 75.870; Wittenberg (Union Dis
trict), 30,000. From Hamilton— McEllin, 40.800.
Rocco— Smith & Jackson, 57,170.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows:
Oakland Gas. $7500; Pacific Auxiliary Fire
Alarm, J1250; Pacific Telephone, $13,200; Sunset
Telephone. $7600.
The official statement of the operations in
the Sierra Nevada mine for the past week
is as follows: The northwest drift from the
station at the 140 level of the shaft was ad
vanced So feet, making a total of 295 feet; face
in porphyry and clay. 900 level— Have started
a west crosscut from the raise 60 feet above
this level and advenced the same 10 feet; face
in porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Nov. 13—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U P Bonds— S F G & E.... 87% —
4s quar coup.. 112 113 San Fran .... 3 3\i
4s quar reg...in%Ul% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new.. .127%127% Insurance—
3s quar coup.. — 105 Firem's Fund. 2o6 —
Miscellaneous— Vater Stocks—
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 Contra Costa.. 50 54%
Cal Xl us 125 — Marin Co 50 —
C C Wat 55. ..100% — Spring Valley. 101%101%
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 130 — Anglo-Cal .... 61 63
F& Cl Ry 65.114 — Bank of Ca1..249%250
Geary-at X ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 98 100
H C & S 5%5.101 105 V» First Nationl.2lo BO
LAL Co 6s. — 100 L-on P & A.... 131% —
Do gntd 65.. — 102 Mer Exchange — 16
Miirket-st 6s ..125%129V 4 Nev Nat 8....175 180
Do Ist M 65. 115% — Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 75. 108 - Ger S & L..1600 1640
N Ry Cal 65. .113 — Hum Bft L.1050 1160"
NRy Cal 55.. 104%— Mutual Say. 35 45
NPC R R 6s. 103 — • 8 F Say U.. 495 —
NFC X R 55.100%10l |S # L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — I Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55. .. .10SU109V. Union T C 0.1060 —
Cm Ry 6s 12GVi — Street Railroads—
P&CI Ry 6s. — 107 California ....109 —
P & O 6s 112 — Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65...— 123 j Market-st 55 55%
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — Presidio 9 10
P F & N P ss. 110*6111 Powder—
BierraßCal fip.lo4 l 2 105% California 135 150
SPof Ar 65.. 108% — B dynamite... 85 95
S P Cal 6s 111% — Giant Con Co. 59 59%
SPC Is eg 55.. 102 — Vigorit 2% 3
S P Br fs 116 — Miscellaneous —
S V Water 65.118%119 Al Pac Aa5n..103>4 104^4
S V Water 4b. — 102% Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
B V W45(3dm).101% — Hana P C 0.... 18M, —
Stktn Gas 65. .100 - HC AS Co.. 5>% 5S
Gas & Electric— Hutch S P Co. 66% —
Cent Gaslight. 105 - Mer Ex Assn. » —
Cent L & P... 9^ 9% Oceanic S Co. 62»,i 62%
Mutual El Co. 9 o%jPac A F A... 1% 2%
Oakland Gas.. r2% 53%iPac C Bor Co.lOo —
Pac Gas Imp.. — 89 Par Paint Co. 1% —
Pac L Co 47^-i — !
Mornins: Session.
25 Giant Powder Con 59 75
25 do do 60 00
17E Hana Plantation Co 18 37%
700 do do •- 18 25
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 5S 25
100 do do 58 00
110 Hutchinson S P Co 66 87%
•)0 Market-street Railway 55 25
130 Oceanic Steamship Co 62 62%
30 S F Gas & Eiectrlc Co 88 50
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 116 25
$800 United States 3s Bonds 105 00
100 Vi^orit Powder 2 87%
B1 reet —
2S California-street Railway 109 00
25 Oceanic Steamship Co 62 62%
Afternoon Session.
100 Hana Plantation Co 18 25
400 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 57 75
10 Giant Powder Con 59 00
15 do do 59 50
85 do do 59 25
310 do do 59 37%
55 Hutchinson S P Co 66 75
66 do do 6C 50
20 Pacific Lighting 47 50
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 25
J2OOO Spring Valley 6s Bonds 119 00
Street—
10 Market-street Railway 55 25
r. S F Gas & Electric Co 88 25
2", Spring Valley Water 101 37U
$5000 8 V 4s Bonds (3d mort) 10150
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
40 Spring: Valley Water 10125
56 Hutchinson S P Co 67 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 58 50
Afternoon Session.
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s SO 88 12%
50 Market-street Railway 55 25
200 Vigorit Powder 3 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the Kales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnc Session.
100 Alta 071200 Ophir 73
700 Andes 101100 72
SOQBelcner 22 i 900 Potosl 18
300 23 100 Savage 21
200 , 241400 22
1000 Best & Belcher 27 i100 Sierra Nevada... 84
800 Chollar 26 200 85
100 25200 S6
700 Con Cal & Va....l 35:100 Utah l'>
100 Confidence 55 300 Yellow Jacket... 22
100 Mexican 2l!200 23
Afternoon Session.
700 Best & Belcher. 26 1 100 Mexican 20
100 Confidence 65 150 Standard ISO
500 Crown Point .... 20 i 300 Utah 12
200 Gould & Curry.. 19 400 13
400 Hale & Norcrs.l 00 1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesteruay:
Morninc Session.
1200 Andes 10 150 Mexican 19
200 Caledonia 28 400 21
400 Chollar 26 r.00r .00 Overman 05
550 Con Cal & Va.l 32"^ 300 Potosi 18
600 1 35 300 Savage 21
300 Crown Point ... 22 200 20
250 Hale & Norcrs.l 00 200 Scorpion 04
21M> Justice lfi 200 03
150 Ophir 71 ,200 Sierra Nevada... 85
SOO 72 200 S4
400 73,700 Utah 11
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 10 1 400 Justice 10
200 Best & Belcher. 26 200 17
400 Chollar 26 400 Ophir 73
200 Con Cal & Va...l 35 300 72
800<"rown Point ... 20 200 Savage . - 20
500 Hale & Norcrs.l 10 200 Union Con 27
200 1 07' i 1000 Utah 12^4
500 105
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Nov. 15—4 p. -m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Julia 01 02
Alta 06 OS Justice 18 W
Andes 10 11 Kentuck — 15
Belcher 21 — Lady Wash .... — 02
Benton Con — 10 Mexican 20 22
Best & Belcher 25 26 Occidental 47 —
Bullion 05 0/ Ophir 73 74
Caledonia 25 27 Overman 05 06
Chollar 25 26 Potosi 16 18
Challenge Con. 18 19 Savage 20 21
Confidence 54 60 Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va.l 35 140 Seg Belcher ... — 04
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 81 —
Crown Point .. 20 21 Silver Hill — 07
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30 — Ptandartl 180 185
Exchequer 02 04 Union Con 26 28
Gould & Curry. 19 2f> Utah 12 14
Hale & Norcrs.l 00 1 or,0 r , Yellow Jacket. 20 21
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benef!-. of
niariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to vis!? the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Ib hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. ft., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlffh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16.
Sun rises 6:53
Sun sets 4:57
Moon sets 7:31 p. m.
OiTimei
•iH W
16 2:01
17 2:57
1R 3:52
19 4:44
[Timel
i- eet.
Time
Feet.
Feet.
H
iL, W
4.1
(.4
4.6
*.!
i 6:04
7:07
8:17
9:39
3.2
3.3
3.4
3.1
12:00,
12:55
2:00
3:15]
5.9 7:25 —1.0
5.6 8:19 —0.8
6.3 9:14 —0.5
4.9 10:10 0.0
yciTE- In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign f— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the ilepth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low w.xters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Fulton (Portland ;Nov. 16
State CaliforniaiPortland |.Nuv. 1«
Moana Sydney Nov. 16
Mineola Tacoma Nov. 16
ChllUat Humboldt Nov. 16
Homer Coos Bay I Nov. 16
C. Nelson Tacoraa | Nov. 16
Leelanaw [Seattle iNov. 16
South Portland. l Portland |Nov. 16
Eli Thompson.. iSeattle |Nov. 17
Santa Rose. ..ISan Diego Nov. 17
Arcata [Coos Bay Nov. 17
North Fork Humboldt Nov. 17
Shantung iChina and Japan Nov. 17
Queen [Victoria & Puget Sound Nov. IS
Pomona j Humboldt iNov. 1?
Samoa Humboldt [Nov. 18
Wolcott ICooks Inlet Nov. 18
Navarro jYaquina Bay |Nov. 19
Geo. W. Elder.. Portland jNov. »
Coos Bay Newport INov. 19
City of Sydney. 'Panama Nov. 19
Washtenaw jTaooma Nov. 19
Progreso ISeattle Nov. 20
Corona ISan Diego Nov. 21
Columbia IPortland Nov. 22
Coptic .China and Japan 'Nov. 22
Del Norte ;Oescent City Nov. 22
Orizaba iNewport INov. 23
Valla Walla.. .. [Victoria & Puget Sound' Nov. 23
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Pier 7
Pier 11
,Pler 9
Pier 13
Pier 20
Pier 13
jPier 24
Pier 11
iPMSS
IPMSS
IPler 11
|Pler 13
|Pler 9
I Pier" 2
I Pier 24
IPier 11
Pier 9
IPier 11
jPier 24
.ustralia ..(Honolulu Nov. 16. 2 pm;
irlzaha |Newport Nov. 17. 9 am
'raatllla ..|Vlc & Pgt Sd. Nov. 17, 10 am,
hllkat IHumboldt Nov. 17, 2 pm]
.lliance ...l Oregon Ports. Nov. 17, 10 am
[omer | Coos Bay Nov. 17, lpm
tate of CaliPortland Nov. 18, 10 ami
uraoao ...|Mexlco Nov. IS, 10 am|
olon |P:\nama Nov. 18, 12 mi
lelgic [Chlnaft Japan Nov. 19, 1 pm|
anta Rosa' Ban Pleso jNov. 19, 11 ami
.rcata ICoos Bay Nov. 19, 10 ami
'nmona IHumboldt Nov. 19, 2 pm'
Ignal lOrays HarborJNov. 20, |
! Nelson.. [Puget Sound.. N*nv. 20, 9 amj
. W. Elder Portland 'Nov. 21, 10 am:
003 Bay... Newport j Nov. 21, 9 ami
ueen 'Vie & Pgt Sd.jNov. 22, 10 ami
rrona ISan Diego I Nov. 23, 11 ami
olumbla | Portland. I Nov. 24. 10 am 1
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 15, IS9S.
The time ball on t.ie tower of the new Ferry
building: was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
i-vage
illion
;lcher !
>n. New York...
>n. Imperial
istlce
wllar
•own Point
Ita
exlcan
;st & Belcher...
96
53
59
15
41
63
47
75
60
60
65
31
•-■1
22
n
51
S5
. 1
..Nov. 1 ..Nov. 23 19
..Nov. 1 ..Nov. 28 05
..Nov. 7 ..Nov. 30 10
..Nov. 8 ..Nov. lo 0J
..Nov. 8 ..Dec. « 01
..Nov. 11 ..Dec. 5 10
..Nov. 12 ..Dec. 7 10
..Nov. 15 ..Dec. 9 10
..Nov. 17 ..Dec. 20 OS
..Nov. 18 j.. Dec. Ml 10
..Nov. 181. .Dec. 13 10
..Nov. 20j..Dec. M 10
..Nov.2s|..Dec. 19 03
.Nov. 261.. Dec. l»i OS
I Nov. 2s!.. Deo. 28 1 10
I.. Dec. 21.. Dec. 28! 10
(..Dec. s|..Dec. 291 10
I. .Dec. 111. -Jan. «1 05
mndeiice
Ipha
!K. Belcher
:clriental
)tosi
3uld & Curry . .
rerman I
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 15.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson. 18 hours from
SUn P r Ol o'rizaba, Hall, 56 hours from Newport
and way ports. *«__.
Stmr Excelsior, Downing, from Cooks Inlet
and Hunters Bay 9 days, via Seattle 4 days
Stmr Sequoia, -hwing, 16 hours from Fort
Stmr Newsboy. EUefsen, 34 hours from Al-
Stmr Aloha, Jorger.son, 11 hours from Point
A Stnrr Jewel. MadEen, IS hours from Caspar.
Stmr Alliance, Hardwick. o days from Port
la stmr Signal. Bendegard. 3 days from South
Ship Slntram. Larsen. 10 days from Tacoma,
via Port Townsend 8 days
Br ship Merioneth. Rowlands. 141 days from
Br ship Falls of Clyde. Anderson, 145 days
from London. ,
Bktn Tnm o' Shanter. Patterson. 6*4 days frm
Knappton. «
Brig Galilee, Dlnsmore, 3o days from Ta-
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson. 8 days from Coo«
Bay.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. 2 days from Bow
ens Landing.
Schr Newark. I'eck, 14 hours from Bowena
Landing.
Schr Charles Lev! "./oodbury, Delaney, 15
days from Seattle.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. November 15
Br stmr Aztec. Trask. Hongkong and Yoko
hama: P M S S Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego; Gooaall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co. , ,
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Perk
ings & Co.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Buckard, Santa Barbara;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Nanaimo: R
Dunsmuir Sons Co.
Aus stmr Siam, Raiich. Nanaimo; John
RnsenfelcVs Sona Co. _,;.. ,-,.
STiip Dlrigo, Goodwin. Seattle; Williams, Di
mond & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. November 15.
Aus stmr Slam. Raicich. Xanaimo.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, Yokohama and Hong
kong.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerhind.
Stmr Corona. Debney. San Diego.
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Point Arena.
Stmr Gipsy. Lelantl. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld. Tacom*.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson.
Schr John A, Hellqulst, Eureka.
Schr Ahhie, Hansen. Caspar.
Schr Chas E Falk. Brown.
Schr Nettie Low. Low, Point Revea
Schr Vega, Rasmussen, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 15— in p. m — Weather,
hazy; wind, W: velocity, 8 miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Nov 15— Stmr Centenlal
! arrived from Hllo and reports the stmr City
of Columbia from Hilo and Honolulu for Seat
tle as having sprung a leak during heavy gales
four hundred miles at sea. Seams opening
amidships. Returned to Hllo and sunk in har
bor Nov 2.
SPOKEN.
Oct 2— Lat 30 S, long 49 W. Br ship Wasdale,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Per Merioneth— Oct 23— Lat 15 N, long 119 W.
Br shtp Norma from Antwerp for San Fran-
C Nov 3— Lat 33 N, long 136 W. schr C S Holme*
from Port Blakeley, for Honolulu.
Per Br ship Falls of Clyde— Aug 10 off River
Platte, Br ship Norma, <-om Antwerp, for Ban
Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed Nor X*— Bktn
John Smith, from Burrards Inlet, for Cap*
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 15— Schr Na
volato, for Mexico.
Arrived Nov 15— Schr Lettetia, hence Nov 8;
schr Ma<"'» C Rush, hence Oct 29.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 14— Stmr Chllkat. hna
Nov 12- stmr Laguna, hence Nov 12. Nov 15 —
Schr Esther Buhne. hence Nov 3; stmr Samoa,
"salted °Nov 15— Stmr Chllkat. for San Fran-
Cl AA C STORIA— Sailed Nov IB— Br Bhip City of
Athens for Queenstown.
Arrived Nov 15-Ger bark Emln Pasha, from
Nov 15-Br ship
CASPAR— Arrived Nov 15— Schr Maxim, hnce
POINT ARENA— Sailed Nov 15— Stmr Alca
traz for Newport. _
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 15— Stmr Dora, for San
IV~>RT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 15— Ship
Columbia, from San Francisco and not as be
°NE4? H n BAY— Passed Nov 15— Ship J B Brown
from Honolulu, for Port Townsend.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Sailed Nov 15-Stmr
Pasadena, for : Aus stmr Burma, for Na
"sEATTLE- Arrived Nov 15— Stmr Centennial.
from Honolulu, via Hfn.
ROWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 15— Schr
Monterev. h°nce Nov 14.
FORTBRAGG— Arrived Nov 15— Stm Coqulll*
River, hence Nov 14.
TATOOSH— Passed Nov 14— Stmr Walla
"Walla, hence Nov 12, for Victoria; ship Colum
bia, hence Oct 23. for Tacoma.
ROWENS LANDING— RaiIed Nov 15— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
STEWARTS rojNT— Arrived Nov 15— Schr J
Epplnger, hence Nov 9.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW TORK— Arrived Nov 15— Ship Kenll
worth, from Hilo for Valparaiso.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed Nov 12— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
"YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 13— Br stmr Hupeh
for San Francisco.
rOLON— Sailed Nov 14— Stmr Alllanca, for
New York.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed Nov 13— Br ship
Zlnita. fmm Antwerp, for San Francisco.
CARDlFF— Arrived Nov 14— Br ship Cromp
ton. from Oregon.
PALETA BUENA— Arrived Oct 3— Schr Vol
; unteer. from Mollendo to load for San Fran
i cisco.
SUVA — Arrived Oct 17— Schr Zampa, from
i Grays Harbor.
GUAYMAS — Arrived Nov 15— Schr Reporter,
from Grays Harbor.
DT'NOBNESS- Passed Nov 14— Br ship Cres
sington. from Tacoma, for Queen-itown.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived Nov 14— Br bark An
dftman, from Portland.
Sailed Nov 14— Br ship Ben Dearg, for Tyne.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 12— Br stmr Olen
ogle. for Portland.
HlOGO— Sailed Nov 3— Nor bark Akershus,
for Portland.
HULL— Sailed Nov 11— Br ship Manydown,
for Cardiff.
MANILA— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr City of Para.
for San F"ncisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL, '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
I^^ Steamers leave Broadway
ITOw wharf. San Francisco:
1 Pttfe&SWfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
9 RDrQfe^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. Dec. I.
3 IXBKO^I transfer at Seattle.
I IWITI ml For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
1 filra§MK&Si&l C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
" "Mftl^SM Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
1 New Whatcom (Wash.). 10
m.. Nov. 2, 7, 12. 17. 22, 27.
Dee t. and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
"ForV^nHumboSt Ba^" » p. m. No..
6 iof 15. 20. 26. W. Dec. 5. and every fifth day
ti For af Santa Cru». Monterey. Ban Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San LuU Obispo).
Gavlota Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angee,) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Nov. 1. 5, 9, 13. 17. 21, 26. 29.
Dec 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
LoTAnleles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11^
m Nov. t, 7. 11. 15. W. », 17, »••. I. •■■
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay San Jos^del
Cabc. Mazatlan.- Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro«Ula
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of «T«ry
further Information obtain folder.
The comtsany reserves the right to enang*
wUhout previous notice steamers. sallin* date.
an *lOKi:T f OMOJC-i New Mont«om«r»
" GOODALL^PERKINS & CO.. <*%**»■.
GOUUAL.LU f^y Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
P>O L-A. 3STD
Froir, Spear-street Wharf it 10 *•»•
rinr $12 First Class Indudlnst Berths
rAnt $8 Second Class ond Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. S. 12. XL 30.
rvf>..mbia sails Nov. «, 15. 24. Dec. L
Qtite of CaUfornla sails Nov. 9. 18. 37. Dee. «.
Ihort line to Walla Walla. Spokane. ButU.
Selena and all points in the Northw«.
f^««h Uckeu g an^nt.^a.^ j^ at
C3O Market atraaC
OOODAt^ PERKINS
Gompagnie Generale Transatlantique.
" . (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS js^a*
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <^r flTvs
at 10 am., from Pier 42. North <M*»ifeb.
River, foot of Morton street. ».
LA CHAMPAGNE ........Nov. II
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 2«
LA TOTRAINE J
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE — ••••■• ..Dec. 17
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATE 3
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Er -^^^S7 S Wednesday, November
PNVBMIft The SS - MOAN A
dliMfll«V sa! ' <: for Hon.,lu!u
m J^B»a ■■ w Wednesday, November
■ 1G v at 2 p - m -
* alls via Honolulu and
GHtaiiUIIIU Auckland H?H ?o r Ol^-d^y
%2&&^ (OHlQullfcr' Wednesday, November
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN; South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. A CO.. Agent*.
• 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office — 327 Market wt.. Snn Fnnci>c.
BAY AJD BIVEP- STEAMSK3.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
" Steamer "Montlcello."
Mon., ; Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat..
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays. ........1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ........10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock, Pier 4.
• - Telephone Main 15C8.
TAKE THE BOAT^ TO SAN JOSE
Daily at: 10 a. m. From San Jose dally at 3:30
p. m. ' Steamer Alvtso, Clay-street wharf. Faro
to San Jose,  35c ;• round trip. 600. Delightful
bay excursloaa. Telephone Main IISO.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TOO MUCH OF
MOTHER-IN-LAW
MADE TROUBLE
Prof. Depue Is Denied
a Divorce.
WIFE CLUNG TO HER MOTHER
HUSBAND'S EVIDENCE DID NOT
PBOVE DESEBTION.
May E. White Sues Her Husband, Ex-
Rev. Mr. White, for a Divorce,
and Says That He Left
Her.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 15.
Judge Ogden to-day denied a decree of
divorce in the suit of Professor James F.
Depue against Grace M. Depue, which
■was brought on the ground of desertion.
The main facts of the troubles have
heretofore been published, but to-day the
plaintiff went on the stand and gave ex
pression to additional grievances. His
Ptory was to the effect that there had
been too much mother-in-law, who, wit
ness said, "positively refused to keep out
of my affairs."
"My wife knows that I had money in
the bank," continued the husband, "when
we were married, and that it was our
intention to build a cozy home. But no
sooner had we moved than the mother
came upon the scene in the drama and
attempted to commit suicide because nor
daughter was going to leave her. I have
first and last fought that woman's per
sistent meddling In our affairs, and she
has been the cause of all our trouble."
Speaking of .the sniriting away of his
thirteen-year-old son. witness said the
wife had done this. She had placed the
boy with a Chinaman on a farm In -the
country', the mother forbidding him to
write to her, lest the father learn of his
whereabouts. All this, witness thought,
had been done to bring him Qplaintiffj to
terms.
Judge Ogden, in summing up the ease,
held that a husband's testimony Is not
sufficient to prove desertion; and though
the wife should have fors.uun her par
ents, it had not been proved that she did
not do 80.
A divorce suit was also commenced to
day by May E. White for ;i separation
Fred M. White on the ground
;i. Defendant is a retired minister
of the gospel, and the parties have two
children.
Judge Ogden to-day granted Martha E.
Hand a divorce from B. Frank Hand on
the gTound of extreme cruelty. Plaintiff
iwarded tW monthly alimony, $100
counsel fees and is permitted to resume
her maiden name — Martha K. Taylor.
Default has been entered in the divorce
suit of Rebecca B. Bonln against lsrat-1
• ; ti for failure of defendant to an
swer or demur.
Co-Eds to Entertain Football Men.
RKRKELKV. Nov. 16.— Next Thursday
evening, November 17, the Associated Wo
men Students of the University of Cali
fornia will hold a public reception in
honor of the football men. The affair will
be held in trie Harmon gymnasium-
The #omen students exp< <m to make the
occasion a grand rally in behalf of'foot
ball Interests, and the team is to be.
shown that the co-eds appreciate their
efforts for blue and gold. A general in
vitation is extended to all the members
cf the faculty and student body.
POSTUKI CEREAL.
* .^Tj^j>^^^
A GALLOPING ANGEL 1 11
"Gee- whiz! Do you mean to tell me that that namby-pamby flat, In-
sipid drivel is Postum Food Coffee? Take it away, and let me burn into
your mind as with a red-hot poker, this fact— Postum is a delicious
beverage.
"Let me repeat it. Postum Is a crisp, delicious drink.
"Do you understand my language? Postum is good, toothsom© and sat-
isfying.
"But when you serve it half boiled It tastes "Wow! take it away.
"How to make it? Perfectly simple plan. Boil it! Boil It!! 801 l it! I!
"The flavor cannot be brought out of the grains until it has actively
boiled full fifteen minutes. »-.
"Excuse me, my dear, you did not boil that Postum fifteen minutes.
You may have had the pot on the stove that long, but that won't do. When
actual bubbling and boiling begins take account of your time, and then
allow full fifteen minutes for genuine boiling.
"Use four heaping teaepdons of Postum to the pint of water, and when
it has properly boiled you have something to be proud of.
"^heri a man wants Postum, he wants it. to taste good.
"There is one sure and unfailing test of the truthfulness of the cook.
If the Postum is , good she has properly boiled it, if it is flat she has not,
and no excuse will change that fact.
"One cur of Postum Food Coffee made right makes one a friend forever.
"If you have been poorly served, try again our way. You will not be dis-
appointed." ... -
If your -feelings don't give way to medicines, try leaving off "offee a
while. You may be one of that great army of active, bright, highly organ-
ized Americans that coffee acts upon as a slow, sure and persistent poison,
that first affects stomach and heart, then liver, bowels, nerves, weak eyes,
etc., etc., finally drifting into paralysis, cancer of stomach, heart disease,
'or some kindred evil. '
Some people seem to drink coffee and whisky without ill effects, but
when a man or woman finds that incipient disease persists in hanging about
them it seems, the part of wisdom to look to the cause. : Thousands of
brainy Americans have found that cause right in their beloved and unsus-
pected coffee cup.
A trial of ten days to a month without coffee but with Postum Food
Coffee (properly made) in its place will tell the tale, and if you find your
troubles gone, your eye bright and step elastic, with a feeling of energy suf-
ficient to do your daily work and enjoy life, you may be sure you have
spotted the worm that has been "hidden under the. bark."
Come along, now, and take an Inventory of yourself. See If we can't
quit being sick cranks, and put our machinery in shape bo we can do some-
thing in this busy world. ,„' .-.■• . -' • ■;.-. ;/ .'■ . ... *
• ■ • ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ .■,■•■■• ■ ■ • ■
NOTHING TO
BE SECURED
BY RECOUNTS
Church Gains in the
Official Count.
HONEST ELECTION CLERKS
DID THEIR WORK FAITHFULLY
AND WELL.
In One-Half the Returns Jordan
Loses Nine Votes and Stod
dard Four— The Sixth
Ward Reversed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 15.
As the official count of the returns of
the recent election progresses it is evi
dent that there are no changes to be
made in the figures returned by the news
paper bureau. The tally sheet and fig
uring of over half the county already
canvassed prove that the election officers
did their work very intelligently and that
the Supervisors appointed efficient boards
of election.
The closest votes were those of Frank
Jordan and T. C. Stoddard for County
Clerk. When 10,000 votes (about half) had
been counted, embracing the whole of the
city of Oakland, Jordan had lost nine and
Stoddard four from the returns credited
to them by the bureau. As Jordan has
a majority of over 450 the official count
will 'fiot improve his position in the small
est degree.
Supervisor Church, It now appears, car
ried the Sixth Ward. The unofficial count
from this ward credited Church with 8M
votes to Glassock's 60«5. The official count
adds five votes to Mr. Church's figures,
thus giving him the ward by three votes.
The vote on the other candidates does
not vary at all. There has been some
talk of a probable contest in the Glas
cock-Church district, but the work of
the election officers is proved to be such
that there is little to be hoped for from
a recount, as Church's majority now
stands at 116.
The preparations for a great ratifica
tion next Saturday night embrace a
programme that will do Justice to the po
sition AJameda County occupies in the
Republican party. Marching clubs from
several cities will take part in the dem
onstration the city will be illuminated on
its principal streets, and after the par
ade there will be a royal time at the Mac
(l,iii..ugh Theater. The State banner will
be displayed on the stage and before It
this county will renew her allegiance to
the party which has recently scored such
successes. ._*.*»
It has been announced that Cxovemor
olect Gage does not think he can be pres
ent but Hon. Jacob Neff and many other
successful candidates on the State and
county tickets will be here and join in
the •Jollification.
Mi-, ady a candidate has come forward
tncing his desire for city honors at
the next municipal election. This pioneer
of what will no doubt prove to be an
army of office-seekers is D. W. Alden of
the Third Ward, who would like to be a i
Councilman.
District Attorney-elect John J. Allen
was to-day appointed a deputy District j
Attorney by District Attorney Snook. Mr.
Allen will get no pay. but will be given i
the privilege of two months' apprentice
ship in the office he will fill on the new
year.
THE SAN FRAISTCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 16, 189 S.
ORGANIZING A
WAR AGAINST
THE SALOONS
State Convention in
Oakland.
DR. CHAPMAN'S BEGGING
DELEGATES SEE MUCH TO RE
JOICE OVER.
Campaign to Be Prosecuted With
Vigor in Every City in the State.
Practical Prohibi
tion.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Nov. 15.
The annual convention of the State
Anti-Saloon League was held to-day In
the First M. E. Church and the attend
ance of delegates was very large.
Dr. J. N. Beard of S»n Francisco pre
sided and Rev. Wiliam Freidrich of Call
stoga was chosen secretary.
Dr. E. S. Chapman, the State organizer,
| explained the necessity of organizing a
general State committee, and the follow
ing were submitted as the choice of the
different societies in sympathy with the
I league:
J. C. Lynn, pastor of the United Presbyterian
! Church of San Jose; Calvin Esterly, First Bap
] tlst Church, Berkeley; Mrs. M. L. Kerrett,
Plymouth avenue Congregational Church,
| North Oakland; T. C. McChesney, College Park
M. E. Church; Rev. W. S. L'rmy and J. H.
McLean of the First M. E. Church, San Fran
cisco; William George Agar, Alameda Congre
gational Church; Rev. Barton W. Perry, Ban
Leandro Presbyterian Church; Mrs. J. A.. Em
bury, Flret M. E. Church. Berkeley; Miss Gard.
First If. E. Church, San Francisco; Rev. V,i
vid afonow and Mr. Wilson of the First U. I*.
i Church, Oakland; Colonel R. W. Button and
T. 11. Chamberlain, Market-street Church; R.
; A. Bird, Prohibition County Committee of Ala
; m<?da County; Mrs. A. A. Doolittle, Twenty
fourth-avenue M. E. Church; Rev. Franklin
Hhoda. Presbyterian Church, Valona; Rev. J.
W. Webb, West Park Lodge, Temp ars,
Fresno; Miss Klmbald and T. K. Oammell of
the Y. P. S. C. E. of the Presbyterian Church;
Mary L. ■■ 'rane. West Oakland \V. C. T. I' ;
Mrs. D. T. Curtis and Mrs. M. C. Lord of W.
C. T. U. of Oakland; Rev. Robert Bur
ley, Hay wards M. E. Church; H. W.
; Stowe, Eighth avenue M. E. Church, Oakland;
j J. C. Williams and C. E. Winters of the Chris
tian Church: Rev. H. H. Dobbins and George
L. Brainard, South Berkeley Prvubyterlan
! Church; Rev. S. C. Keetch and Mrs. H. L.
I Evans, Golden Gate Baptist Church; Rev. S.
; M. Woodward, Potrero M. E. Church. Han
; Francisco; Rev. T. I_>. Butler of First Chrls
i tlan Church. Oakland; Cory Hale. First Pres
| byteiian Sunday-school, Oakland; Rev. Philip
Graif and S. P. Meads of Baptist Church; W.
O. Phillips of Sunday-school, West Oakland;
and Edwin Brothwell of Y. P. S. C. E. : Rev.
C. F. Winthrow, M. X ■ 'hurch at Mayfteld;
: Rev. J. M. Alexander, Brooklyn Presbyterian
I Church; J. H. Brown, Temeseal Presbyterian
I Church; Rev. W. H. Crou and R,-v. K. S.
; Williams of Congregational Church; Mrs. M. I.
'■ Yateg, First Baptist Church, San Jose; W. H.
Atkinson, Congregational church, San Rafael;
Rpv. G. W. Lyons, Haywards Presbyterian
t Cnvrch: E. R. DIIK First Methodist Church.
Oakland; Rev. William Marshall, M. E.
Church, San Rafael; John c. Suhr, Aiameda,
County C. E. Union; James Curry. J. 11.
Brown and John Gllbertson of North Trmam al
Presbyterian Church; Mrs. M. K. Wal
ker and Miss Bessie Geary of En
deavor Society; J. I). Kennedy and
A. Potter. -Temeeeal Sabbath School;
Frnncis H. Robinson and W. A. Steward of
V.Vi«t Berkeley Presbyterian Church; Rev.
Thomas A. Atkinson of Petaluma M. E.
Church; Rev. C, H. Palling, Brother Arn<>l.|,
Thomas Turner, Mrs. B. Wheeler. C. W. Kel
leon. Mrs. Mason and Miss Sarge of West
Berkeley M. E. Church; E. C. Arnold,
superintendent West Berkeley M. E.
Sunday School; Rev. B. P. Dennett
of Alameda M. E. Church; Rev. P. E.
Crowe and Mrs. L. K. Smith of M. T,. Church,
Antioch; Rev. W. P. Andrews of M. E. Church,
S«.uth Oakland, and Rev. F. I>. BoTard, First
M. E. Church of Santa Rosa; Rev. EL B. Bbel
don of Maryavllle; Rev, M Nelson, Norwegian
and Danish Chur< ii. Oakland; Rev. A. T.
Needham. Eighth-avenue M. E. Church, Wil
liam A. Simmons, First M. E. Church, San
Francisco; Rev. E. Francis Brown of the
Thirty-fourth street M. E. Church. Mrs. A. \S .
Roblncon of Napa: James Williams of Vallejo
M. K. Church: Rev. E. S. Williams, Congre
gational Church of Saratoga; Isaac Kelly,
Craigie Sharp, First Christian Church oak
land; John Wood, First Presbyterian Church,
Oakland.
Dr. Chapman presented a glowing re
port of the work of tTTfe league during the
past year. The doctor haa always Deen
known as a good man for taking up col
lections, ;md his begging propensities have
been frequently referred to. His report
showed that he fully maintained his repu
tation, for during the year he has held
seventy-six meetings, collecting the sum
of $9243 87, an average of $121 77 at each
meeting. Dr. Chapman believed that the
day is not far off when the league will be
strong enough to demand the closing of
all saloons. His report favored submit
ting the question as a whole to the vot-
ers.
Rev. T. C. McChe*ney. president of the
Anti-Saloon League of Santa Clara., said
that the work would be a great deal more
effective if the branch leagues had acted
more Independently of the State league. He
believed that if each league made a more
thorough campaign in its district that
practical prohibition would soon become
a feasible proposition.
An executive committee was unani
mously elected as follows:
Rev. E. R. Dille, D.D., First M. E. Church,
Oakland; Hon. Hiram L. Gear, Baptist, Berke
ley; Rev. W. H. Hoskinson, D.D., Lutheran,
Sacramento; Rev. H. M. Tcnny, Conerejra
tfonal Church, San Jose; Rev. J. W. Webb,
Christian, Fresno; Mrs. D. C. Borland, Pres
byterian, Oakland; Rev. Philip Gralf, Free
Baptist, Oakland: Rev. H. M. McKnight, M.
K. South, Han Franclpco; Rev. J. C. Lyman,
United Presbyterian, San Jose.
SEIBEN KNEW SLATER
WAS IN ARREARS
IP MRS. SLATER HAD PAID ALL
WOULD HAVE BEEN WELL.
Secret Compact Between the Two
Financial Officers of the
Lodge.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 15.— Alameda Lodge
No. 5, A. O. U. W., has under investiga
tion the acts of two of its officers in con
nection with the $2000 certificate en tho
life of the late Dr. Thomas Slater. The
story published in this morning's Call
connecting the names of Philip Seiben and
O. S. Meysel with alleged peculiar tran
sactions with regard to the late doctor's
life insurance created a sensation in fra
ternal circles and was a particular sub
ject of comment among the members of
the A. O. U. W.
Investigation shows that Meysel had no
hand whatever in the deal. Seiben, in an
Interview this evening, frankly admitted
that he knew Slater was in arrears to the
lodge at the time of his death: that he
had conspired with the ex-financier, R. H.
Ohea, to keep the fact from the Grand
Lodge, and that he would not have "let
the cat out of the bag" if he had not
been accused of blackmail.
The doctor's assessment was due June
28. His lodge met the following evening.
R. H. Ohea was the receiver and it was
his duty to report delinquent members.
According to Mr. Seiben's statement he
did not do It.
"Ohea whispered to me," said Seiben,
"that Slater was in arrears. rWe both
sympathized with him and his wife, and
agreed among - ourselves to say nothing
about it. July 5 we received word from
Redding that he had died. We did not
know what to do about his life insurance,
for we knew he had not paid his assess
ments. We ■' felt eorry for the widow
and again agreed to say nothing. Our
lodge met July -6. Ohea went out of of
fice and Meysel ' took his place. Ohea
turned over to his successor money for
Slater's June and July dues. When ? our
lodge made Its retorqs to the Grand. Lodge
HAS ASCENDED THE BENCH.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— A. A. Moore Jr.
was appointed Police Judge by the Mayor
this morning and at once assumed the du
£ his office. Mr. Moore has been a
Deputy District Attorney for some years
and has been Prosecuting Attorney of the
Police Court. Judge Moore's first act was
Slater's assessments were included and
everything was all right.
"The first time Mrs. Slater saw me af
ter the death of her husband she said
she would pay me the money as soon as
she received her insurance. I had a note
against her husband for J350, but told her
if she would give me an order on the
Grand Lodge for $250 I would deduct $100.
She agreed to this and the order whs
Bigned and sealed before a notary public.
"When it was found the money was in
two checks they charged me with black
mail. Then I turned to the grand officer
who was standing by and told him that
the doctor's assessments had not been
paid on time. That stopped the whole
business. I will admit that if she had
paid me I would not have said anything
about her husband's delinquency."
MARSTON CAMPBELL
UNDER A HOT FIRE
SCHMIDT'S NEW COMPANY IS A
PUZZLEB.
Supervisors Are to Examine the
Books of the Bridge-Builders
To-Morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 15.
The intricacies of bridge building and
the composition of corporations were
delved into by the Supervisors and sev
eral attorneys to-day. A keen battle has
developed between the two contractors
who would build the new massive steel
drawbridge across the estuary for the
county. The Schmidt Construction Com
pany did not take its books into the
board-room to-day, and Attorneys If. C.
Chapman and W. R. Davis appeared for
Schmidt and Cotton Bros, respectively.
During the arguments Attorney Emil
Nuabaumer reinforced M. Davis in the
i pi-s-fxamination of Schmidt, and at the
close of the day the company was told to
bring its books into the board-room so
that the Supervisors can satisfy them
selves as to its standing.
The contract is one of great importance
to the county, as it involves the expendi
ture of probably not lf-s? than $100,000. The
bid of the Schmidt Construction Company
is the lowest, but the Supervisors do not
believe, apparently, that tne company has
the necessary plant or experience to erect
such a bridge.
Maraton Campbell, the engineer of the
company, stated on the witness-stand
that the bidders had purchased from the
firm of Peterson & Johnson a plant mor
oughly capable of building the bridge. He
exhibited a bill of salt- showing that. $0500
had been paid for the plant.
Engineer Le Conte of Berkeley was put
on the stand to testify as to the standing
of the company and as to his experience
with it in Berkeley. Mr. Le Conte was not '
permitted to give much information. ;i.s
Schmidt's attorney stated that the whole j
thir.g was simply a play t>> draw out tes
timony in favor of Cotton Brothers and!
to belittle the Schmidt Construction Com- I
pany. and that the testimony if permitted
would be circulated all over the coast by
the Cotton Brothers to the detriment of
Schmidt. To-morrow morning the books i
of the Schmidt company will be examined, i
but it Is quite evident that the board will !
either award the bid to Cotton Brothers
or decide to reject all bids and readver
tise.
SETTLED OUT OF COURT.
Big Damage Suit for the Killing of
the Booth Children Compro
mised for $5000.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— The $50,000 dam
age suit of Frank E. Booth against the
Oakland Transit Company for the killing
of his two little daughters by an Eighth
street car about two years ago, which has
been on trial before a Jury in Judge
Hall's court, terminated very suddenly to
da $he plaintiff was given a verdict for
Si' ooo by ti.e first jury, but a new trial
was granted, and to-day the attorneys
announced that the case had been settled
ouT of court and asked that it be stricken
fr The decfsion rendered the outcome
problematic, and the basis of the com
promise is an agreement on thepart of
the defendant to pay plalnun $5000.
ALMOST A FATAL ERROR.
A. Vici Enters the Wrong House and
Is Slashed With a Razor.
OAKLAND, Nov. 15.— Antonio Vici, a
tinker, came within a very narrow margin
of being murdered last night. Vici lives
on Fourth street, and as he was going
home he unintentionally entered the
house next door to his. In the hall he
was met by a burly negro who whipped
out a razor and slashed him. cutting an
ugly, though not serious, gash over the
left eye.
The injured man made good his escape
without further bloodshed or damage, and
his wound was soon dressed and sewed.
When Officers Sherry and Hvnes and
Soecial Officer Doolan arrived at the
house of the negro the latter had disap
peared At least he could not be found
and Vici admitted that he could not iden
tify him.
Tickets for the Game.
BERKELEY, Nov. 15.— Arrangements
have been completed for the sale and dis
posal of the tickets for the big intercol
legiate game next Thanksgiving. The
sale will begin at 9 o'clock next Thurs
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
to appoint E. Mosca Italian Interpreter of
the court, the position havingr recently
been created.
Judge Moore is the son of A. A. Moore,
the well-known attorney. He has always
taken an active part in Republican poli
tics in the Seventh Ward.
day morning:. Tickets may be had either
in the armory of North Hall on the uni
versity campus or at Clabrough, Golcher
& Co., San Francisco. The price of seats
has been fixed as follows: For general
admission, >1 50; for the covered sections
in the center of the field, for which but a
limited number will be sold, $2: for the
!lrs;t rows in the box^p. $3: for the general
admission to the boxes, $2 50. Box seats
can be obtained by arrangement with the
manager of cither the Berkeley or Stan
ford team. The tickets for the perform
ance on Thanksgiving night will be on
on sale Thursday, Friday and Saturday
at Sherman & Clay'?, San Francisco, or
at the Students' Co-operative Association
on the university campus.
Another Reliance Night.
OAKLAND. Nov. 15.— The events ar
ranged for the boxing exhibition by the
Reliance Club for next Thursday nipht
promises to be of unusual interest. One
is an oifht-round contest between George
of Alamcda and TCmil Dahl of San
Francisco; but the principal event will be
a ten-round go between Arthur Walker <>f
Australia and Al Noill of San Francisco.
December 1 Is the date set for the
Charles Tye-Sammy Maxwell ten-round
match. _____^_
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
1 The Stat» Medioal Institute Disoovera a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne. Ind It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weaknon resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
! cele, or emaciation of parts can now cur«
themselves at home. • ;
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
' and development Just where .t is needed,
i It cures all the ills and troubles that
' come from years of misuse of the natural
> functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all casea. A request to the State
Medical Institute, IS3 Flr3t National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
! you desire one of their free trial pack-
' ages will be complied with. The instituts
i la desirous of reaching that great cla»»
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
i able them to see how easy it is to be
I cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
! that its recipient need have no fear of
1 embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
if Cf hCAIM C E R
\V 2£ BUfJ^^NO KMFK or PAIN
Ji FM No Pay Until Cured
f^^ Eft fcW"\ Any ' ll:n P * n a wo "
"tnan's breast is can-
cer. The poison
■H& quickly goes to ami
JbS Sy*^ P jt - If large it is too
jrf^^^Hj wmr£\\ ii J '<-'- Meu's face and
tg^^^^^^Kf^M JI^P a common place.
ft J^M uJ I \ S- -Page I!ook sent
-^ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Krait).
S. R. CHAMIEY, M. D., 23 & 25 TaiSD St , N'B MARKET ST.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
ri CUehecter's Easllsk Diamond Bfu& -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^»7v ■ Orlsf nal asd Only Oeaaiae. A
£~j/RX\ **re. ftlwtTi reliable, laches »J* vß\
AjlJriA tJrn^girt for Chichitttr-, Et,«H*\ ZJ.a-^i\>
lfl**i&P\V&3\mond Brand ir. Hod »od Gold meulllcVVSr
Jc\ — >?fdiC}t>«u«. ic*l9d vltk bin* ribhoa. Take VSr
ilri *^ Wjno other. Rtfutt dangerous rubitiru- V '
I / ~ /Ir tiom and imitations. At Droseistt.or «nd <«.
I JE, *g »» "» m e. t _'* r P»"J«ul*r». teitlaonUU »■«
\V* J9 "Keller for Lad leu." in trr^r. by rctnro
•JyT^, >P1 Maa 1 0,000 TMtimoaiiU. JfmiU !■*£?.
_ , Chl»He»terCiemlcalCo.,M«4l»««Ba««Mh
■»U kj all Local iinifglsU. PTIH. \ IMk./iV?
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON SXB.—
modeled and renovated, i KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Kooma SOo to $1 SO day.
16 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Fr«e baths: hot
and cold water every room; fir* grates ta «r*rx
room; elavator runs all nlstat. ■ _ v~3»»>ajq]
AUCTION SALES!
CONTINUATION SALE
THIS DAT. (WEDNESDAY), AT 11 A. M." t
934 HAIGHT ST., NEAR BRODERICK.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market. .
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
AT 1123 MISSION STREET,
MONDAY, Nov. 21, 1898, at 11a.m.
By order cJf C. McGowan.& Co., we will. Bell,
on account of dissolution of copartnership the
entire stock . used in their Livery. Hay and
Grain ' business, consisting lof Horses,- Buggies,
Wagons, Harness, etc. ' No reserve or limit. ■
- . ,;-: ■■>:..■■ ;- SULLIVAN & DOTLE, 5
Office,. 827 Sixth eU Live Stock, Auctioneers, :,
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ; J
» i/ / /i) \ C
IM during action or cruising — aboard I
jf/ Pltig Tobacco CI
j9 during action or cruising — aboard %k
% ship, or ashore- - on watch, or "be- £
f|j low/ It never loses its flavor in any 'ITg
gr. climate, and is not affected by salt air, tE
7P An Admiral's chew 1 1 g|
W Is any chew too good for you ? C
f CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR, i
' BATLBOAD TTJAjmi.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
Mi FBANCiSCO AND HORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
ttterea Wmn* Fwt 9t lUrk«< St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO ' SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, ; 11:00 a. tn. ; 13:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:90
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. ■-. ■ -
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCIBCO. •
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; l:*0, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco .and Schuetxen Park
tame schedule as above. .
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16.
Week Sun- ISSB. ' Sun- | Week
Days. ' days. Destination. days, j Days.
7:30 am | 8:00 am : Nova to, 10:40 8:40 am
I:3opm': 9:3oam j Petaliuna, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:lopm 5:00 Santa Rosa.. '7:35pm 6:22pm
Pulton, " ' '"
7:10 ana Windsor,' 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:3opm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:22pm
Hopland and
7:3oam 8:00 am L'kiah. 7:35pm 6:22 pm |
I 7:80 ' 10:25 '
8 : 00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
|:Sopm . 8:22 pm ,
7:3oam 8:00 Sonoma 10:40 ami B:4oam
and . ■ i ■
6-10pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lo pmf 6:23pm
1 1 - 1
7-30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 pm| 6:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at-Lytton lor Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Ska«ps Springs; Cloverdale for |
the Geysers; at Hopland for IJinietn Springs. '
Highland Sprlnps, Kelseyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and ' Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs Upper Lake, i Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Liefley's, BucTcneirs,
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Boonevllle, Orr'a i
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
We*tp..rt. Usal, Willltts, Laytonvilli*. Cum-
minK«. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. ««__.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saoaollto Ferry .
FROM SAN FKANCUSCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O, •9:30, 11:00 a. m.; »1:45.
3:45, 5:15, •6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.--» •
SUNDAYS— •S:OO,»IO:OO, «ll:30 a. m. ; »1:15.
3:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m. • .t-
Trains marked • run to San Quenttn.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. *B:SS. 7:45, »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45. 5:05 p. m. i
EXTRA TRIPS .■ on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:2O. *8:00, »10:00, *11:55 a. m.;
•1:15. *3:10, 4:40, *«:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m. ;
12:35, 2:43, 3:50, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 10:05 a, m. ; 12:05. 1:20, 8:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week — Cazadero and way ata'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's. J
m SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN ' JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. lv, 1»»», trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . ■ , . North-bound. .
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday . ger.
Daily. Exe'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
S: 2O 10:30 am] Stockton 3:45pm 5:50
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 4:03 pm
11:40 am 6:3opm Fresno .9:3oam .2:32 pm
12:3Spm 7:45 pm Hanford • 7:45 am 1:35 pm
3:20 pm 12:30 Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:58 pm 8:60 pm| ■ Vlsalia 6:40 am 1:15 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as. required.
Connections— At Stockton , with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,'
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m,
For stage connections see official time tabla
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar-
ket street, San Francisco. \
' yQJNT taualpais scenic RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.) ' ~
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. -1L 1898: . ;*...*,
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m."
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. .
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents," 631 Market
ptreet. San Francisco. . : .-. ; -
y^"V^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
L-jji^L'oKEARXTVT Established
■T'tw"^^^ In 1854 for the treatment of private
mL^Jki^B Diseases, Loßt Manhood. Debility or
«SKs£fft&« wearing ou body and mind and
Slcin r>!»f-as4»s. The doctor cure* when
g«S@2®| others fall. Try him. Ch»rg«B low. j
3H5884 uri-«s;uar.iiit*fd. Call orwrite. I
Sr.J.I'.UIBBOM, Box 1937, San Fnmcisca '
FFW j'lliiliii iff] MT~*Wlll«IHll l l ' ", '* — — »*■ .-■- . ......-•
BATLBOAP IBAVBIi. * •
N»lTiir;u\ VAVirtr CO3IPAST.
(PACIFIC SISTKM.)
Tralna l»f« natl nr« due ■• »rrl*« »t
HAM FKANt'INCU.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
.kavb — From Not. 3, 1898. — abrit*
•B:OOa Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... ♦S:4s*
7:»Oa. Benlcia, Snisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43*
7:«Oa Marysrille, OroTiUaand Keddlng Tia ■
Woodland ......:.. 5:43p
7:O«A Klmirm, VacaTille and Bairsey...... St4sp
' 7:'i»A Marti nei. Ban Kimon.Tallejo. Napa,
t'atlut* ga and Santa Rosit 9tl3r
i 8:OOa Atlantic Express, Ugd«ii and Rust.. »:»1p
Si3Oa Sau .loco, Ulucktou. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Marygrille,
Chtco. Tehama and R«l 81uff. ... 4 : I «i»
HiBOa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7:l»p
I •8:3« a. Miltoa »7»15f
! »s<K>a Martinez, Tracy. Lathrop, Merced
andFresno 1»:15f
•:••* Fresno, Hakerelield, Santa Rarbara,
Lo3 Angeles, Demiag, El Paso,
New Ori-»iiB and Kast 6:45»
........ Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Max.
«B«z «:43p
10:OOa Vail Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
•l:OOp Sacramento Ki»er Steamers •OsOOp
1 :OOp Silas. San Joeo and Way Stations ... 1 1 :4.1a
8«u Joae, Nil-Baud Way SUtions... }U:l3a
BswOf Nile*. Tracy, Mendot*. tianf ord aud •
Tlsalia v.. ..."... <4:13f
....... LiTrrujore, San Joee, Nilee and Way •
ataUons tl»:l»A
4:»Op Martiiie/. Sau lUmoii. Vallejo.
■',■-■■ Na|>a, CalUtoga. Bl Verauo and
Sat.Ußoea 9il»*
4i««p Benicia, VacaTille, Wo oil land,
Knights Landing. Mart sTille, Oro-
Tille aixl Sacramento I«:4«A
4i3Bf Haywards, NUea and .San J05e. ..... 7:43 a.
BiOOp iiartinez, Tracy, Mendota. Fresno.
Mdjavf, Santa ltarbara and lahi
Augelra... ; »i4Sa
Bt«4>F Santa I" Route, Atlantic Xii real
f.>» Mojaw and Kast 6: l»p
' "Pacific Coart Limited," Xl Paso,
Fort Worth. Little Rock, Bt.
lyoui? Chicago aDd East J6:€3f
5:30p Niles, San Jone, . Tracy, Latuxop,
" Merced and Fresno. *' •••
B:30p Stockton 1«:1»P
OtAOi- Kuropeau Mall Ogrieu and I'ast.... 9:4tlA
•8:U0r V.il! -Jo 12tl»p
J7:«K»» Vallejo, Port Costa and Way BU-
tions t9j43»
SiO«e Oregon -Hi, Harramriitn,
Tllio. ReiMiiit, r.iitlam!, "ruget
! Hound ami Ka»i B»iat
SAX I.KAMtKd AM» lUTWAKNS LOCAL.
- (root of Market Street.) ' " '
T MelrOHe. Srminsrv I'ark, f ~~~1~
n-.O«K ntchbarg, Klnilianit, ..S s •*•
« : 22t S.«L M «dro, .South 8« «!»!«*
> 0 1-oot I^andro, K*t«<lill« s . J&iap
tl2:m>M ' Loren io, Cherry ■ (I:4Sf
il>oop „ *"<i • : t*'-**r
3:O0p Hnywarif*. ' . . t |9i43p
7:00p i Runs through to Nile*. '' 7:43f
J t Krom Kiles. I
CUANT IHTISION (Marrow e«age).
. (Foot ot Market Street.)
8:13 A Newark. On tenrille.&anJose.Fsl ton,
'■ T .-;■-"' Boulder Creek.SantaOrux and Way
Stations 3xOO»
■*ilBr Newark. Centerrille, San Jose, New
Alumden, Felton, Bouidar Creek,
Santa Cnus and Principal Way
Stations *10i3««
4:13p Newark, Ban .To§e and Los Gatos... »i««A
f11:43r Hncters' Kieiirsion, San Joee and
Way SUtiops ;... • t7tgQt
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frim SIN mKCISCO-rwi «f >irket Street .Slap —
*7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1:23 *2:00 .t3:!i
•4:00 t!:00 *6:00r.ll. . •
him OmiSD— Fo«t »t itnlwtj.— -6:00 8.-00 19:00 l.M.
tl3:00 «l:03 $2:39 *3:00 ti:o3 -8:00r.ll,
COAST DIVISION (Bread Usage).
- (Third and ToMrnaend St»)
7:00 a Han .U>«e antl Way fHatlons (New
Alnaden Wednesdays onljr) 1:391
9-.—A Han Jo«e. Trea rinoa. Smita Crum, .
I'aclQo <irore. Patio liubles, Sau
I.iila ObisrM>, Quadalupe. Surf and
Principal Wn> SUtious 4:10 l
I*:4*A San Joioaitd Way Stations 'SiOOa
II:30a Ban Jose and Way Stations StS3a
•2: 15p San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Oiara, San Josa, -
Gllroy. HollisMr, Santa Cruz, - v
Saiinu, Monterey and Paclnc
Grnre *I«:3«J
•a,S«p San Joie and Way Stations •9iAO«
M:lftp San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:43*
*3:»wp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:X3i
3:3«P SanJoee and Principal Way Stations 3<3o|
0:3«p San Jose and Way .5tat10u5......... 7:30]
t11:43p Sau Jogeand Way Statlous 7:8»i
A for Morninj. P for Afternoon.
• .**tn4ays exeepted. t Sundays only, t Saturday* onlj
sM.ipdaysandThuniaayi. |3atnrdaygand Wednesdays
California
Limited
-'J'~~ * .y~"~- -■ Y~~*'''' ■
Santa ft Route
• yj»B.H a u MBJ3 nft gal MfaS a'\ .
Connoctinar Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY, FRIDAY. V
Arrives in Chicago at 8:15 A. M.tha
following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: in New
. Yorkat.l:3o P. M. Friday, Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation , Car and • Electrlo
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAIf FHAHCISCQ TICKfOFFICE— Xl MAHKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.'
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. " : <
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. *
San Job» Offioe—7 West Santai Olari Si
910
THERE IS A
LACK OF COIN
AT THE TRACK
Bookmakers Com
plain of Light Play.
THREE CHOICES IN EVIDENCE
LOST GIRL WAS AGAIN OVER
LOOKED BY THE MAJORITY.
Plan Was Unable to Get Inside the
Honey — Obsidian Enjoyed a
Gallop — Una Colorado
Won Driving.
The horses ran well up to form at
Irgleside yesterday, but the crowd seemed
loath to separate themselves from their
roin. for the play was exceedingly light.
Obsidian. I'r.a Colorado and San Venado.
all stanchly backed choices, won for the
talent. The victory of Rey del Tierra over
his field did not create much of a furor,
but Lost Girl, which defeated a fast
bunch of speed in the fourth event at odds
Of S to 1. was slightly overlooked.
The attendance was nearly up to the
average, but the layers of odds all com
plain of a lack of business. Unless some
of the Lantern importations are trotted
cut era long, the game will be in need
01" repairs.
Piggott started in the day well by pilot-
Ing Obsidian in winner of the opening
seven furlong jaunt, going into the start
er's hands a 7 to 10 favorite. The brown
colt led all the way and won galloping
from Casdale, a3oto 1 shot. Ocorona beat
the heavily played Oraibee for the show.
The Joe Hooker gelding, Una Colorado,
looked far and away the best of the col
lect.on in the six furlong sprint follow
ing, but was hard ridden at the finish to
beat Eeina de Los Angeles half a length.
Jack o' Lantern made his first start in
many moons, finishing a fair third. He
phould do later on.
For the mile and a furlong run a warm
favorite was furnished in Plan, sent to
the post a 4 to 5 proposition. When the
chestnut gelding could not shake off Rev
del Tierra he stopped badly, finally finish
ing fourth. Rey del Tierra had things his
own way, and "led the 40 to 1 chance Dr.
Bernays over the line with plenty in
reserve. Benamela found the game too
fast for him, but managed to capture
Bhow honors.
The crowd fell heavily over the result
of the six furlong spin, fourth on the
card. Piggott had already ridden three
winners and his mount Judge Stouffer
was plunged on, at one time being an
even money chance. The Judge headed
his company to the stretch, but there
found the pace too warm. Near the pad
dock it looked to lie between Toribio and
Little Alarm, when Bullman brought Lost
Girl up on the outside, beating the former
sprinter handily by a length. Zamar was
well supported, but was never dangerous.
The Baldwin colt San Venado at last
won a purse, but appears many pounds
below a real good one. He closed a 9 to
10 favorite, and when he led the outsider
Bonnie lone past the judges two lengths,
was being urged along by Rutter. Colo
nel Dan, the second choice, was pulled up
by Piggott at the start.
Track Notes.
Starter Caldwell fined Joe Piggott, who
rode Colonel Dan in the last event, $25
for pulling up and spoiling- the start.
Piggott claimed the horse bore in toward
the rail. He was reprimanded and warn
ed by the judges to ride his mounts out
In future, whether the start suited him or
not. Joe probably overlooked the fact
that the recall flag is not in vogue at
Ingleside.
Bullman was originally carded to ride
Rey del Tierra, but at the suggestion of
Presiding Judge Smith, Owner Murray
was prevailed upon to mount Piggott. It
apparently did not suit in some quarters,
but the change was undoubtedly a wise
one.
Joe Summerfield spent quite a profitable
afternoon at the races. He "doped" Lost
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TRACK, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 1898.— Second day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track good.
EDWIN F. SMITH. Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
q/\o FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; V
; purse,
Index.. Horse.
Weight.
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
ISI Obsidian 1081 2
181 Casdale l r * ; 5
140'Ocorona 105] 1
(167) Oratbee 101 4
... Doremus 104 i 6
... Feliclte 1011 3
1 1
2 1
6 2
4 h
6
3 h
11
3 1
4 V 4
6 1^
6
2 h
1 1
2 4
3 1
4 2
5 3
6
IMS
2 2
3 1
4 2
6 6
6
1 1
2 5
3 2
4 3
5 8
6
Pipgntt 17-10 7-10
Buliman | 10 30
Rutter 6 12
Powell 5-2 7-2
J. Reiff 5-2 5
Norton 20 SO
Time 1:29 H. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. c. by Imp. Stromboli-Clara L. Good
•Btart Won'easlly. Second and third driving.
The winner had things hip own way. "f'opper" the showing made by Oraibee. He ran
for the end book. Doremus was backed, but was short. The stable fancied Casdale on
this particular occasion.
OfkO SECOND RACE — Six furlongs; selling;
purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |
%m.
%m.
Str.
163 Una Colorado, 6... 109!
142 R. D. L. Ansrelos, B.IAS
• ... Jack o' Lantern, 4.1i>7
154 Lady Britannic, 4.1<17l
171 Tom Smith, 4 107!
... Aluminum, 3 1021
- ... Anabasis. 4 U<>
... Rejected, 6 107
I 4
i
I 1
! 5
I 2
g
3
2 1
3 1
63
4 h
51
1 h
1 H
8
1 1
3 2
6 2
4 2
6 h
2 *4
7 2
8
1 M
2 3
4 >4
3 h
6 >4
6 2
7 5
8
1 H (PlKgott
2 4 Devin
3 h Rutter
4h Gouln
6 5 Beauchamp ..
6 S Ward
7 8 Snider
8 Everson
■10 7-10
10 30
6 8
6 7
8 10
12 25
10 25
30 100
Time— l:lsi4. Winner, W. Fisher's eh. g. by Joe Hooker-Jessie R. Good start. Won
first three driving. .... . t
Una Colorado was lucky. Los Angeles showed well In her work, but was away poorly.
Lantern will run better next time. Lady Britannic likes mud and is pounds better in It.
Aluminum will bear watching at a shorter distance.
OlTh THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
ZZ,\V3 • purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.]
Std.
Mm. J /4m.
$£m.
Str.
Fin.
180 Rey del Tierra, 4 . . 107 1 1
... Dr. Bernays, 3 B*| 2
Ml Benamela, 5 104' 4
(IK6) J'lan, 3 921 5
19J Coda, 5 94 3
... Sandow HI. 4 98 1 6
ll!i 2 3
2 h 6
41 3 1
8 h 11
614 62
6 4 1
lh
6
3 }4
23
IV4
6 1
114
4 2
3 2
2 2
5 6
6
1 2 1 2%
2 H 2 2%
81 3 4
4 8 ' 4 5
6 8 6 15
6 6
i*-iKgmi
TXT «»».,* '
Ward
Rutter
Houck
McCarthy
;Evans
8-5 2
30 40
4 5
1 4-5
30 40
60 100
Time— l:s6%. Winner, E. W. Purser's b. h. by Prince of Norfolk-Haidee. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
Plan was reported to have been cut down. The winner outfooted him. Bernays will
beat some lesser lights.
Oil FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
M,m.
'•fcm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
(I'<S) Lost Olrl. 4 30T! 4 ... 64 52 46 11 Bullman 6 8
(135) Toribio, 3 102 5 ... 5Mi 3 1 2h 2 1 Frawley 6 15
185 Little Alarm. 3 102 1 ... 2 h 2 1 o a 3 % J. RellT 6 7
197 Judge Stouffer, 4....307 3 ... lh lh lh 44 Plggott 2 U
Zamar 11. 4 Wl 6 ... 4h 4h 6 3 5% Rutter 2 3
Mamie Scot, 6 107 2 ... Sh 64 62 6% Powell 12 7
C'lprlano. 3 105 7 ... 7 6 710 712 715 Norton 50 100
205 Kamcln, ">... 107 ji ... 8 8 8 8 [ Wainrlght ... 20 80
" Tlmp. f:W6- Winner, K. G. McConnell's eh. m. by Sobrante-Nellle K. Good start. Won
first three driving.
" Lost Girl was out off on the bark stretch, humped badly and then won cleverly
Judge Stouffer cannot go to the front with fast ones. The ring didn't like Zamar. Mamie
■scot had a rough passage. Alarm tired last few yards.
!
3
6
2
7
8
6 4
E <*
2 h
1 h
4 h
5 h
7 6
BJ_
5 2
3 1
2 1
1 h
4 h
6 4
7 10
8
4 6
2 h
0 a
1 h
63
62
7 12
S
1 1
2 1
M
7 15
8
Bullman
Frawley
J. Reiff
Plggott
Rutter
Powell
Norton
1U',.1_.1_1..
I wainrlght ...
q|q FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index.. Horse.
'Am.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
toa enn Venado 105 2 4^21 23 13 12 Rutter ........ 4-5 9-10
' ill Bonnie lone 102 3 2^ 3 h 4Ui 214 2214 Devln 6 12
•i« ■•fftSortto "... 102 5 6«4 6 4 3H 32 I«T J. Reiff . 8 7
" - ; £o£nella .... 104 4 lh 11 lh 4 6 4 8 Ames 12 20
' ■"' -Swrtooi ..." ... 096 3 1 4 2 65 B3 5% Ward ..>. 20 40
100 O?kturuck -...109 1 6 6 6 6 6 Wainrlght ... 15 30
J&_ fXfrT "H * - -• •••• JP'ggott 2 2
'■^tli' Iv\ Winner E. J- Baldwin's br. c. by Imp. Duncombe-Lizzie B. Good start
T v"«* 1 vS" ■nan Won easily. Second and third driving.
■ eTC &n C v ena do^s fa? from be^ng a good one In his present form. Mocorlto w M well
I played For^elli wffi win next time out in fair company. Pl«ott didn't like the break
tad piilUd uj>.
2
3
5
4
$
1
•
4 Vi
: iW*
5 m
' 1 h
3 1
6
2 1
3 h
5 4
1 1
4 2
6
2 3
4 14
3 H
1 h
6 5
6
1 3
2 %
3 2
4 6
63
6
1 2
2 214
8 *
r»unrr
Devtn
J. Reiff
Ames
Ward
Wainrlght ...
PlggOtt
Girl as a certainty and beat the race to
the extent of $ISOO. • „„#,.•-
One of the handsomest souvenirs or re
cent years is the Illustrated Western
Turf, issued by Lew Houseman, sporting
editor of the Chicago Inter Ocean, and
J. W. Lansford. a well-known turf
writer It is beautifully illustrated by
half-tones, giving picturesque scenes and
familiar faces on the different TV estern
tracks and reflects much credit on its
publishers. _ .. . ,
The Burns handicap and other stakes
to be decided at the winter and spring
mooting of the California Jockey Club
close on November 21.
George Hetzel. well and popularly known
to the majority ot California race-goers,
died suddenly yesterday morning at nis
residence in 'this city ot heart disease
Mr. Hetsel had long been associated with
Joe Rose and Thomas Hurlick and
leaves a host of friends.
The yearlings from Sonoma Stock Farm
passed under the hammer at Occidental
Horse Exchange last evening. Edward
Lowery. the widely known pool seller and
auctioneer, by his persuasive and coax
ing manners disposed of them at remun
erative figures. The first sold was An
toinetta Jr.. br. f. by Imp. Trentola-Mary
B 54 T> "W df B. Lopez; Orealla, b. f. by
Imp.Vlievflden-Cataflna. $130. D. McCar
thy Isaline b. f. by Imp. Clieveden-Re
becca $CT6 W. B. Sink Jr.; Goldflnder, eh.
p by' Imp. Clieveden-Mistake, $500. M.
Ptorn: Alvlfo, b. f. by Imp. Clieveden-
Mystery $150, I. Brown; Carradale, b. c
by Imp. Trentola-Centella. $250. Caesar
Young; Dreadnaught, eh. c. by Imp. Tren
tola-Amanda, $225. W. B. Sink Jr.; Cente
sima eh f. by Imp. Clieveden-Phoebe
Ann ' $130. J. Neil; Solon, b. c. by Imp.
Clieveden-Arethusa. $775. J. Smith; Mini
ma eh. f. by Imp. Clieveden-Miss Lou,
Sin,-' D. McCarthy; Glenesslin, br. f. by
Imp. Clieveden-Glen Ellen, $600, B.
Schreiber; Roseate, eh. f. by Imp. Clieve
dpn-Rosedale, $95. Dr. McCarthy; Halla
dale eh. f. by Clleveden-Lady Clare. $12.>;
Aberfoyle, eh. c. by Imp. Creighton-Mari
gold $125: Invercoe. eh. c. by Imp. Creigh
ton-Centella. $75. Mr. Shultz: Pilot, b. c.
by Morello-Adolaide, $600. Burns & Water
house. The aged horse Dei Norte was
knocked down by W. de B. Lopez for $400,
and Dare went to the bid of J. Johnson
for $350. 9
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six furlongs; maiden 2-year-olds.
203 Mv Dear 10SI ...Cheated 111
Bnardman 11l 20S Anchored 118
395 Glengaber US! 2C3 Judge "Wofford..Us
... liaby King ICS i
Second race— Seven furlonys; selling; 3-year
olds and up.
205 Our Climate ...109 196 Kruna 109
Tnrn Oal vert.... 107 fl93)Ptan Powers. ...llo
204 Babieca 107 IS7 Major Cook ....109
206 Hohenlohe 109
Third race — Seven furlongs; all ages.
190 La Goieta l«j £07 Morlnel 101
(189) Yemen 1071 IC6 Buckwa. 107
Fourth race — One mile: selllnr.
CabrlUo 108 (231) Lost Girl lf>s
205 Greyhurst 300 205 Bernardino 105
202 Captive 109
Fifth race — and a fourth miles; over five
hurdles.
200 Tortonl 101 l 202 Juanlta 133
... j O C 101 l ... Gransrer 150
200 Rossmore 151 ... Reddlngton laO
197 p F MO 204 Viking 140
.'.. Filon 136:
Sixth race— Six furlongs; selling; 2-year-olds.
i 14K Reina de Cuba-.1C21 ... Abano 102
20S Fellcite 102 195 Don't Tell 102
203 Ulm 105 ! ... Silver 80w... 105
I 202 Elizabeth R 102 1
Selections for To-Day.
First race— My Dear, Glengaber, Judge Wof
ford.
Secord race— Major Cook, Our Climate, Stan
Powers.
Third Morinel, Yemen and La Goleta.
Fourth race— Captive. Lost Girl, Bernardillo
Fifth race— J O C. Viking, Rossmore.
Sixth Elizabeth R. Don't Tell, Reina
de Cuba. ______________
COLLAPSE OF A SCAFFOLD.
One Man Killed and Two Badly In-
jured at San Mateo.
SAN MATEO, Nov. 15.— While workmen
we're engaged yesterday on a brick build
ing about thirty feet from the ground
the scaffolding on which they mood gave
way and all were thrown to the ground.
Their names were R. E. Nangle of San
Jose, Herman Pils'ter and Spencer Good
win of San Francisco. Herman Pilster
died an hour after the accident. The
other two men were badly injured, but it
is believed they will recover. Dr. Curnow
of San Jose and Drs. Thompson and
Baldwin of San Mateo are attending
them, while they are still at the San
Mateo Hospital. Herman Pilster leaves a
widow and four children unprovided for.
Suicide of a Chinaman.
Ah Hoo, the servant of Mrs. S. Cohn of
419 Van Ness avenue, was found dead in
his bed early yesterday morning with the
sis turned on. It is supposed to be a case
of suicide.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure jruarant'd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. Cai.
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, yOYEMBER If?, 1898.
ENGINES OF
THE PETERS
WERE ALONE
Engineer Ran to Them
Just Before the Col
lision.
CZARINA BLEW FIRST BLAST
HER HEAD AND SIDE LIGHTS
WERE BURNING.
First Officer Kitts a Positive Witness.
The Biver Boat's Signals Were
Confusing.
The official investigation into the Pe
ters-Czarina disaster was resumed yester
day morning before Inspectors of Hulls
and Boilers Bolles and Bulger. The ex
amination of the first witness, J. H.
Deare. assistant engineer of the Peters,
brought out the interesting fact that
there was no one at the throttle at the
critical moment when her bells rang to
stop and back. Deare testified that he
was In charge and the engines were alone
at the time. He was standing in the
door of the engine room and immediately
went to them on the run. After the colli
sion he did not leave the engine room
until the water came up to his knees. He
thought if the Peters was going full
speed ahead she could be stopped and
start going astern in a minute and a half.
William Bell, a laborer on Angel Island,
heard two whistles and then another. He
saw a headlight but did not know which
vessel carried it.
John Crowley, nlgrht watchman of the
Peters, said that he was on the lookout
for passing vessels and saw the Czarina
; ahead before the whistles blew, but did
not report the circumstance, thinking 1 the
men in the pilot house, having- a better
| view, would see her also.
! A. W. Dennisson, steward of the Peters,
I testified in regard to the efforts made to
1 save the passengers, and that they were
! nearly all provided with life preservers.
Bernard Xyberg, a passenger or. the
Peters with some nautical knowledge,
i said he was standing on the right side of
the freignt deck and he first saw a red
light dead ahead. The Peters had not fln
i ished giving two signals when the Czar
ina gave one and he thought It peculiar.
Between the two whistles he saw the
green light, and after stepping to the
I starboard of the Peters he saw both
■ lights, but did not look for a headlight.
Chief Engineer Gustav Holtz of the
j Czarina eakl his vessel blew one whistle
and the Peters one, then the latter blew
two and the Czarina again answered with
one. His steamer was stopped, reversed
i but her headway was not checked.
At the afternoon session May Beckett,
a Salvation Army lassie, who was a pas
j senger on the Peters, said that she heard
• only one set of signals, two from the Pe
ters and one from the approaching
steamer.
Edward Kitts, first officer of the Czar- I
ma, made a good witness and the most
rigid cross examination failed to shake
his positive testimony. He testified as to
the whistles, saying that the Czarina be
gan with one blast. The wheel was shift
ed to port and the Czarina swung to star
board, but how much he could not tell.
Cnptaln Seaman did not order it changed.
The one whistle was given as soon as he
saw the side lights of the Peters and so
reported to his captain. According to the i
standing rule on the Czarina, when an- ;
other vessel is approaching, he looked at
his own side lights and headlight and saw I
that they were burning and in their prop
er places.
In reply to a question by H. J. Corcoran
of the California Navigation Company,
he denied in the most emphatic terms :
that the headlight was not burning at the
time, but had oeen lowered, lighted and ;
hoisted again In place after the Peters j
was sighted.
Corcoran desired to prove that Kitts
was in charge of the Czarina and that he
did not have a license to navigato the ;
waters of the bay, but this contention
wns set at rest when the record was pro
duced, and Inspector Bolles said that :
Kitts' license entitled him to act as chief !
mate in any waters on any vessel.
Furthermore, in reply to a direct ques- .
tion Kitts faid that Captain Seaman was
In charge of the Czarina from the time
she left Vallejo.
Kitts heard no order given by Captain
Seaman to put the wheel to starboard
after it v.as put to port, but it was held
in the latter pofitlon until the order to
go full speed astern, which came about a i
minute before the collision. Before this
the port bow of the Czarina and the star
board bow of the Peters were each on the !
open sea.
G. F. Rave, first officer of the Peters,
was at supper wiien the collision occurred
and testified as to the taking off of the
passe-Tigers. Ho thought the reason why
the six Chinamen had been drowned was
that the flow of water which went art
carried them off thair feet.
Captain Holdswofth of the Peters was
recalled and t=nid he only paw the head
light nf the Czarina when the crash came
and that the Peters holds steady on her
course nnd readily answers her helm.
The investigation will be concluded to
day. »____
FIGHT FOR PURE
FOODS HAS BEGUN
DRAFT OF A BLLL CREATING A
SPECIAL COMMISSION.
War Will Bo Waged Against All
Who Make or Sell Adulterated
Goods — Much Power.
An important meeting was held yester
day In the rooms of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association by those in
terested in the pure foods movement.
Those present were members of the body
mentioned and of the Health Depart
ment, consisting of J. W. Kerr, A.
Sbarboro, Assistant District Attorney J.
J. Dunne, Dr. J. M. Williams, Secretary
E. Godchaux of the Board of Health, In
spector J. P. Dockery and Dr. Bazet.
Attorney Dunne has prepared the draft
of a bill to be presented to the next Leg
islature, the purpose of which 1r to cre
ate a State pure foods bureau or commis
sion. Mr. Dunne explained that the bill
was drawn in the rough from the Ohio
law. Its purpose is to concentrate the re
sponsibility in the matter of enforcing the
laws relating to this subject. After con
siderable discussion it was decided to
adopt the draft of the bill, which em
bodies the following features:
The proposed commission shall consist
of three members, to be appointed by the
Governor from the northern, central and
southern parts of the State. They shall
devote their entire time to the enforce
ment of the laws relating to foods,
drinks, drugs and unlawful labels. They
shall prosecute all violators of the laws,
and all local District Attorneys and
health officers shall be subordinate to the
commission in matters in which pure
foods, etc.. are concerned. The board
shall have power to enter or invade prem
ises where goods, drugs, etc., are sold and
take samples for inspection or chemical
analysis. All moneys from fines imposed
by courts shall be paid to the commission,
to be in turn delivered over to the State
Treasurer for the general fund of the
State.
In addition to making annual reports to
the Governor, the commission will sug
gest to the Legislature such laws as are
necessary to effect the desired end. The
act creating the commission abolishes all
other commissions whose duties would
conflict with those of the proposed com
mission. The commissioners shall hold
office four, three and two years, accord
ing to their appointment.
It was decided that four employes would
be necessary, a manager, chemist, attor
ney and inspector. The question of ap
propriation was discussed, the conclusion
being; that the commissioners and em
ployes should have $300 a month, and that
the Legislature should appropriate at
least $75,000 for the commission, all sur
plus going back into the general fund.
Inspector JDoc-kery in discussing the sit
uation said that such a commission would
do more good for the State than double
the amount asked for. One of the great
est benefits would be in the confidence of
the whole world in the goods sent from
this State when it becomes generally
known that California sends o^it of its
borders only products of an absolutely
pure quality.
Big Seizure of Fish.
The inmates of the Almshouse will to
day receive a genuine treat in the shape
of some of the finest fish that can be
found in the waters of the river or bay.
The gift comes from the Fish Commis
sioners and consists of 250 pounds of
striped bass. The fishermen around the
bay have for some time past been viola
ting the laws by netting striped bass of
less than three pounds in weight, fish
that when mature run from thirty to
fifty pounds, and which they sold in the
local market.
Deputies Vogelsang and Davis learned
that this lot of fish had been shipped
through Wells. Fargo * Co. from Giant
station in Contra Costa County and
the seizure was made yesterday
morning. The commission concluded
that it would be of no use to
attempt to make any arrests, as
there are a goodly number of tlsh dealers
now before the courts for violating the
law, and it is only folly to clog the court
calendars until convictions have been se
cured.
Death of W. J. Owen.
TV. J. Owen, the well-known capitalist,
passed away on Monday afternoon at his
residence, 1200 Jones street. His death
was very sudden. Early Sunday he com
plained of not feeling well and the indis
position turned into a stroke of paralysis
which brought on unconsciousness. In
this condition he remained until the early
evening of Monday, when he paid th«
debt he owed to nature.
Mr. Owen came to this city in early
days and . engaged in several employ
ments, finally taking up with the butch
ering business. Later he became a part
ner in the firm of Grace & Owen. He re
tired from active life a few years ago,
and since has been living quietly with his
family, which consisted of his wife, son
and daughter. Deceased .was a native of
Missouri and was C 7 years of age. The
funeral, which is to be private, will take
place at 2 o'clock to-day.
A VERDICT WILL BE
RENDERED TO-DAY
JURY IN BECXER-CREEGANCASE
LOCKED UP ALL NIGHT.
Second Trial of the Skillful Forg-ers
Occupied Three Weeks and
Was a Spirited Fight.
Yesterday marked the close of the trial
of Becker and Creegan, and at half-past
five Judge Wallace had finished his
charge and the case went to the jury.
Judge Wallace left for his home at 6
o'clock, leaving 1 instructions to lock the
jury up for the night and announcing
that be would not give the case any fur
ther consideration until 10 o'clock this
morning.
The second trial of tho famous forgery
case occupied three weeks. The criminal
conspiracy by which the Nevada Bank
was defrauded out of $20,000 lias attracted
the attention of the entire banking world,
the reason being, not so much because of
the size of the swindle as because Becker,
who is known to the police the world over
by the sobriquet of "The Dutchman," baa
long enjoyed the reputation of being the
most dangerous furger of bank paper In
the world.
The first trial of the defendants result
ed in a conviction and both were sen
tenced to life imprisonment. There was
abundant rejoicing among the bankers
when the verdict of the jury was an
nouncec but it was short lived, as the Su
preme Court sent the case back for a
new trial because the verdict had been
secured by the uncorroborated testimony
of Frank Seavor and McClusker, accom
plices in the swindle.
His Zither Sounds No More.
Joseph GKchwardner, the well-known
zither player and teacher, died suddenly
of heart failure at Liepnitz's drugstore
on Sutter street yesterday. During his
life Gochwardner h;i* struck the strings
of his instrument in the presence of near
ly all of the crowned hea-ds of Europe,
and on one occasion played for President
Grant. In this city he will be remember
ed by all the prominent club men, having
spent many hours among them when
sweet music was required. The theater
managers sought him and he has enter
tained audiences from nearly every stage
in San Francisco.
He recently visited Portland. Oregon,
but finding that his health was rapidly
failing, returned t<> this city. Deceased
v.us 60 years of age and leaves a widow.
His remains are at the undertaking par
lors of Valenti Marini & Co., 1524 Stockton
street.
Symphony To-Morrow.
The San Francisco Symphony Society
commences its season at the Orpheum on
Thursday at 3:15. The American piece
will be the "Mepomene" overture by
George Whitfield Chadwick, and the
symphony Tschaikowsky's No. 4, a work
as yet unheard in San Francisco. An
other first timer hero Is Bach'F overture
and suite in A minor for strings, with a
solo part for flute Mr. Rodemann will
be the flutist. The concert will conclude
with Massenet's brilliant suite, "Scenes
Napolitaines/J
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL..
C C Holltnshe.-v!. N V FW do Van, L Angr
F E Alien, Stockton S Dwyer, Sacto
X S Foltz, Seattle F R Bright, N V
A S Henry. Saeto .T McDonnell, Menlo P
J P Keating. < >r T A Mavis, CoIUM
E Filipello. N V II N Gustin, Chlco
F H Green. S Rafael L J Maddux, Modesto
X H Plate, S Jose W R Pond. Woodland
Mrs M J Clarke, Minn J D Illla. Woodland
C W Princ-f. S Rnsa F 8 Foltz, Seattle
F R Perm. Petaluma E R Hamilton. Oaklnd
<' W Huttnn," Sai'to G (' Alexander. Ca!
M A Oakes. Sarto W B Hell. Healdshurgr
T E Nason. Cal W D Davis, S Rosa
F A Thompson, Cal A Q Schloesser, w &. c,
Mrs EH R Adam?. Cal Chicago
Mr* J Mn.vhew, Cal J W Parker, Chicag-o
M Goldsmith, Stockton C W Keel. Chicago
Gertie R!co, Wash I' J ohnson, Angela
H C Holmes. Ruston J S Cady, Bonora
T Unlman. Napa E F Cadle. Stockton
H W Walker. Willows T C Johnston. Cal
W S Green, CoIUM S Frankenheimer, Cal
T A Hashes, Colo F J Richards & w, Cal
T M Johnson. Cal 3 O Esralller, Sonora
M Manasses, Stockton J E Montague, Seattle
PALACE HOTEL,.
A W Cookston, Glasgw Mrs F McLaughlln,
H J Liggett, N V Santa Cruz
F Owens &w. S Jose Mlbs Mclaughlin, Cal
J R Rldgely & W. N V B N Rucker, San Jose
F L. Orcutt. Sacto R E Steele, Pescadero
Mr? S \j Paxton, Pa A V. <'ilPman. Martinz
0 M Holbruok, Spnyfld Mrs Cole/nan, Martinez
M H <;all>ralth. NY A B Warden. N V
J F Farraher&w.Yreka T J Field. Monterey
G H McDonald, SpoknlMrs Field, Monterey
T S L,indener & w. H Higfrinn, i.hgo
Spokane Mrs H Hig-pins, Chgo
A 11 Sembach & w. Or A Hazelton. N V
J T Logan. El Paeo M Hochheimer, Willws
R E Jack, S L. Obispo Mrs Hr.chhelmer. Cal
A Fleishman. L Anfc Mr & Mrs Knight, Eng
'■ T Howlnnd L Ang B Peyton. Santa Cruz
J Jacohson. NY OH Appel, Sacto
G H Belleoi<, Oakland I Levy, Ariz
P. H Nuttlns & w. N V Mrs I Levy, Arizona
F J Cfinr.r.n, <>gden Utea I>fvy. Ariz
T Flint. San Juan J W Perkins. Iml
Mrs T Flint, San Juan C H Hall, Wia
Mrs F McLAUßhlln. G
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C A Smith, Sioux City W B Frue, S Jose
L Garver, Haywards H J Corcoran, Stocktn
S Cohen. L AnK J Fiiedennerg. X V
J Mnrtln. L Ani? F F Hamilton & w, Cal
L K.tcham, Cal L. Solomon, Fresno
F Dodd, Fresno C Byxee. Freeno
F Colhurn. Boston M it Bresptt, St i/ouls
A Atherton, Boston A J Richardson. Cal
1 F McKee, Cinn |W T Manson, Sacto
J McCudden&w, VallejMrs "Webster, Martinez
Miss McCudden. VallejlMrs McMahon, Martnz
H Howard & w. MainelMrs Smith. Martinez
G H Wilson, Chicago |W Jordan, w & d, Cal
F Chevalier, Cal >
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs La Flor. Cal J P Wilson, Boston
Misp J Ln. Flor, Cal J H Hawley & w. Or
A Mendoza. Saoto D W Harding, S Cruz
J H Wakefleld, L Ang Mrs Fiesler. Stockton
S H Hensley, L Ang D W Phillips, Neb
J C Lane, N Orleans C Murphy. Mexico
3 GaPKon, NY W Feel, Chicago
C C Herman. S Jose E Zamzellus. Cal
J A King. Sacto W W Johnson, Cal
P J Murtha. Cal CM Smith, N V
J Ross, S Rosa
LATE SHIPPING INTKLLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, November 15.
Pchr Barbara Herneter, Jensen, 60 hours from
Coqullle Kiver 1
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, Nov. 15.— Earl Fruit Compa
ny's sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays,
$140@2 25; double crates, J2 80@3 50; Persim
mons, $19S; Cornichons, $149; double crates,
$2 70©l 35. Four oars sold. Weather favorable.
P .rter Bros. Company: Grapes— Cornichons
averaged $1 40 single crate.
CHICAGO. Nov. 15.— Earl Fruit Company s
sales of California fruit: Spltzenburg Apples
averaged $1 95; Jonathans, $2. Weather favor
able. Two cars sold.
■^ MEETING NOTICES*. __
PAST Masters' Association of Callfor- ■
nla.— officers and members are re-^f%^
quented to meet at ■ Masonic Temple JLX.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) Novem-/ >
ber 16. 1898, at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. to attend
the funeral services of our deceased brother,
WILLIAM H. LILLIE. past master of Gol-
den Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and A. M. liy
order of the president. J?
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and ■
A. M.— Officers and members are re- _#%_
quested to assemble at the temple HwJT
THIS (WEDNESDAY) AFTERNOON. /▼ >
November 16, at 1:30 o'clock to conduct the
funeral of our late brother. WM. H. LrLLIE.
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary.
MOUNT MORIAH Lodge No.- 44. F. and jft
A. M.-Meetlng THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de-TKIT
gree. THEO. FROLICH, Sec. «V
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. A
M.— Second desree THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, Nov. 16. at 7.:30 Ity\
o'clock. -By order of the master. / *
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. ■
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _J\_
DAY) EVENING. November 16, at 7 }%J\
o'clock. Second degree. '^r >
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary. _
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— A
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third jSLj*
d.'gree. C. D. BUNKER. Sec. /V >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155. I. O. O. F. <*3tf»«fi%>
Members will assemble at lodpre : =vv^2?»sCi:
room WEDNESDAY. November
16, at 1:30 p. m., to attend the fu- * '*'*"
neral of our late brother, JOHN G. McKEN-
ZIE. JOHN STEVENSON, N. G.
W. H. CLAUSEN, Secretary.
COURT Justice No. 16, F. of A.— The «*_^
officers and members are requested to S*%
attend the funeral of our late brother. Jt\
11. GERKEN, from Saratoga Hall, 814 **->
Geary St., TO-MORROW (WEDNESDAY),
at 2 o'clock. By order
H. J. SCHOBER, C. R.
Attest: A. F. BRINKMAN. Fin. Sec.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- ffl
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be 111
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- .JK,
ING. November 16, 189 S. at B. B. Hall. #&f
121 Eddy St.. at 8 o'clock. A full at- Zf&L
tendance requested. .. " llf*
E. J. BRANDON. President. ■
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydrau-
lic process from George W. Allen and E. P.
Thomas, In the Hangman's Gulch mine, near
Placerville, El Dorado County, to deposit
tailings in Hangman's ravine; from Sam B.
Lusk and J. J. Millar, in the Sampson min-
ing claim, in Gold Lake mining district. Si-
erra County, to deposit tailings in a ravine
below the mine; from E. Reynolds and F.
Carter, in the Morrlstown mine, near Port
Wine, Sierra County, to deposit tailings in
west branch of Little Canyon Creek; from
George D. H. Meyers, in the Myers placer
mine, near Placerville, El Dorado County,
to deposit tailings in Johnson's North Can-
yon: and from Frank and Antone Leveroni,
In the Corsica mine, near Sierra City, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in old pits, gives
notice that a meeting will be held at room
89, Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on
November 28, 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting.— regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Honolulu Sugar
Company will be held at the office of the
company. 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, on MONDAY, the 21st day of Novem-
ber, IS9B. at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m., for
the purpose of electing a board- of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year and the trans-
action of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Thursday, November 10 IS9B. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins; low
interest. UNCLE HAP.RIP! IS Grant ay».
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for *4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC collection
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 5550.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
fall* or nti fee: free dlagnopls. 100 H&leht «t.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cents per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship Company will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 827 Market
st. on and after Thursday, December 1. 1898.
Transfer books will close on Friday, Novem-
ber 25, IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 61 (50 cents
' per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office
of the company. 327 Market St.. on and after
Monday, November 21. ISSB. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday. November 15, IS9B, at
3 o'clock p. n:. K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
■ITUATIONS XV ANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED German, woman, good cook
nnd houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH house girl, strong and willing, good
cook and laundress, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS colored cook desires situation;
Ix-st references. MISS CI'LLKN, 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS infant's nurse and Beam-
BtreM dosire« situation; best reference. MISS
CULLKN, 325 Sutter st. ■
A SUPERIOR Danish cook and laundress de-
sires situation: 2 years in last place. MISS
CULLEN, 32."> Putter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook and laundress
■desires situation: best of reference. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT laundress, best of city refer-
ences, desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter Bt. '
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
all kinds furnlslied. 777 Market; tel. Clay 130.
PROTESTANT woman wanta any kind of work
by the day. Box 1970, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants house or kitch-
en work. 240 Minna st.
MOTHER and daughter want places; mother
as cook and daughter as waitress or cham-
bermaid. 12A Mason st.
HOME wanted for a girl 11 years old with the
privilege of going to school. For particulars
inquire at 1030 Clay st.
COMPETENT woman wants work as cook or
housework. Call 2521 Post st.
SITUATION to take care of city or country
residence: will take chamberwork in country
'or working: housekeeper for widower with
family: references required and given. Box
1960. Call. . -
COMPETENT woman i wishes situation to do
housework by the day or by the week; is
willing and obliging. Address 503 Montgom-
ery aye., room 3.
COMPETENT. woman wishes situation for gen-
eral tou«ework; good cook; come at low
wages. 3128 Clementina st, near Fourth.
RESFECTABLE German lady with first-class
references wanta situation as working house-
« keeper. 921 v. Shotwell st".
RELIABLE colored woman wishes situa-
tion to take care of Infant or children; good
reference. 830 Geary st.
COMPETENT cook, good reference, wishes
situation In private family; small washing.
254<? Post st.
CAPABLE woman wants any kind of work by
the day. 516 Lombard st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants situation to
do Keneral housework In American family:
good cook; references. Box 1999. Call office.
YOUNG lady from East would like position as
nurse in first-class family (Jewish preferred);
- best of references. Apply 10 to 4. 1001 Sutter.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes position
us cleric in notion or confectionery store;
wages $5 week. Please address R. 8., 215
Parnassus aye., near Stnnyan st.
SITUATION wanted by .Swedish girl at second
work and waiting; private house; parlor work
nnd WRitlnir preferred; best of references.
Call 1053 Pacific St.,
WANTED— Situation as housekeeper by com-
petent German woman; good cook. Address
.622 Stockton St., MISS KENNEDY.
WANTED— in a widower's family: Is
good cook and housekeener. C;ill 515 Eighth
Ft., Oakland. .
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wiahes and kind
of work by the day: $1 per day and car fare
Ilox 1072, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a young girl to take
care of children. Call at 265^ Clementina st.
YOUNG arirl "would like a place to mind : a
baby; sleep home. Address 166 Silver st. :'-\
COMPETENT cook would do cooking and small
washing or general housework; wages $25.
Call 2523 Bush st.
YOUNG German girl .wishes second work ■■ and
Hewing or will do housework: 3 : years' . refer-
ences. .. C3l Larkln st. :, tel. Rutter 52. :
GERMAN woman wants : work ' by r * the day,
; washing or housecleanlng. 423 Linden aye. --■■
GERMAN girl wants place in Jewish family,
■ p-eneral housework; no postals. 362 Grove st.
SITUATION wanted, good. cook; city or coun-
try; $25; or housework in pmall family. Apply
106 Eleventh Bt., or 8., box 17, Call office. ,
SITUATIONS \VA.\TED-Continnrd.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants position as
housekeeper; can take full charge of chil-
dren; references exenanged; city or country.
Address L. C, 522 Stockton st.
RESPECTABLE woman would like work by
the day. Call or address E. J., IU4I Mission.
RELIABLE woman wants a position In the city
to do light housework. Address Mrs. R., 821
Shotwell st.
TOUNG Danish girl wishes to do general
housework in a small American family. 909>4
Capp St.. near Twenty- fourth.
YOUNG lady desires situation as governess or
companion to a lady; ref. MISS BLAKE 822
Howard st.
YOUNG German woman wishes work by the
day; washing and house cleaning. 419 Fel-
ton st., off San Bruno road.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wants situation
as working housekeeper or light housework
in small family. Address 259 Stevenson «st
in small laimiy. Anaress toy Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth, near Market.
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes position
in private family; some plain washing; good
references. Call 408 Minna St., near Fifth.
STENOGRAPHER, competent, experienced,
good references, desires position; salary mod-
erate. Box 1954, Call office.
SITUATION by young German woman for
general housework and cooking; wages $20;
no postals. Call 804 Filbert st., in rear.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like a situation
as housekeeper or care of children. Address
4."4 Jessie st.
WANTED— To take care of a lodging house
on commission or assist in making sales. Box
2000, Call offic*^
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
as children's nurse; would assist with sewing
or upstairs work; good references. 443 O'Far-
rell st.
GKRMAN cook wishes a place to cook
in a boarding-house; lunch only. Apply 2750
Lombard st., near Presido.
PLEASING Eastern woman would like posi-
tion as housekeeper or other position of trust;
country preferred; no triflers. Address box
1961. Call office.
LAUNDRESS would like to have some more
work by the day. 404 Polk Bt.
COMPETENT dressmaker wants work by the
day In families. Inquire 1454 California st.
GERMAN widow with girl 11 years old wishes
position to do genera! housework; gout? cook.
1824 Myrtle St., Oakland^
YOUNG lady, neat and industrious, desires
situation as stenographer or general office
assistant; salary $5 per week. Box 1962, Call.
YOUNG German woman would like any kind
of work by the day. 4 Ivy aye.
$100,0f0 to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
SITUATIONS WAA'TED-lULB,
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. Eagt 4M.
BOY, 16 years old, desires position as clerk or
office work; considerable experience In clerk-
ing collector, etc.; can speak German; sal-
ary moderate. Address box 1569, Call office.
SOBER, industrious young man of German
parentage wishes steady position as driver of
a delivery wagon. Please address GEORGE
KARSTADT, 215 Parnassus aye.
YOUNG German gardener wishes position in
nursery or private family. Address 2102
Larkln St.
STRICTLY sober young man wants situation
in any capacity. Box 1964. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by gentleman and wife to
care for home In absence of owner. JACK-
SON, 822 Howard st^
SITUATION wanted by middle-aged man; un-
derstands the care of horses and garden and
work around a place; best of references. W.
8., box 1960, Call office.
YOUNG Dane wishes situation as coachman
and gardener; first-class references; wages $30
and found. Box 1959, Call office.
OARDh.. i-JH and florist, married man, 1 child,
wishes situation on private place. Institution
or cemetery; best of references. Address F.
QUICKERT, care Menlo Park Nursery,
Menlo Park, Cal.
WORK on a small farm or ranch by respect-
able young man. Box 1975, Call office.
SIN OLE man, understands the care of horses,
also garden work and Is handy with tools,
desires position. Box 1561, Call office.
GRADUATE of first-class business college and
good penman would like position as assistant
bookkeeper, where there is a chance to ad-
vance. W. H. 8., 119 Leavenworth st.
BUTCHER wishes steady work; city or country
shop. Box 1966, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED married man wishes position
as watchman; steady place more an object
than wages. Call or address 16 Elliot Park.
BUTLER with flrst-claes recommendations
wants position. Box 1953, Call office.
ADVERTISER will give $20 to any one secur-
ing employment for steady, sober, middle-
aged man; bona'fide. Box 1910, Call office.
COOK wants a situation; hotel or boarding
house; good reference; country preferred.
Call 120 A Eddy St., room 5.
AMERICAN man wishes situation as coach-
and gardener; understands milking; good all-
around man; best of references; In Oakland
or San Francisco. Address box 283, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED— A situation as waiter or oyster
opener. Address G. S., 647 Vallejo.
TOUNG man wants position of trust: can give
best of references. Address box 1363, Call.
YOUNG Japanesa wants situation as office-
boy or for night work. J. V., 536 Jessie st.
SITUATION wanted as engineer; thoroughly
understands marine engines and horizontal
engines, gas engines and the running of
dynamos; 5 years last situation; good refer-
ences. Box 1903. Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands care
of horses, cows, garden: reference; state the
wages. J. A MACDONALD, 214 Third St.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings;
ttrictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 16 <*rant aye.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St., want to-
day — 5 waitresses for city and country. $20 and
$22 T>o: waitress, Fresno, $20, see party here
9:30; 2 chambermaids to wait, country, $"0;
cook, few boarders, $25
10 Swedish girls. $20 and $25; 15 German cooks
and housegirls, $15, $20 and $25; cook and
laundress. $25; ranch cook. $20; housekeeper,
Vallejo, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary St.
TWO neat young housegirls for families living
near together In country town. $12 and $15.
C R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
5 WAITRESSES and chambermaids, city and
country hotels and restaurant. $15, $20 and $4
week; 2 cooks, boarding-house and hotel, $2.";
Swiss or German cook for dairy hands, $25;
working hnuspkeeper, $20; and a large num-
ber of ylris for cooking and housework in
city and country. J. F. CB.OSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter St.
RANCH cook. $25; nurse, $25, one child: a
laundress. $25; woman with a child as house-
keeper, $12; 15 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
MOTHER and daughter. $30 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 525 Sutter st.
GKRMAN nursery Ruverness, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
TWO second girls. $20 and $25; cook. $35. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, $20 per month; 3 chamber-
maids and waitresses $15 per month each.
Miss CULLJjK, 32:> Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
OIIU, for half day's work, $10 per month.
lOSS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT Kirl assist housework, $15. MISS CUL-
I,KX. StS Putter st. _______
COMPETENT cook. American famly of 3; ref-
erences required; $30: call early. J- F. CRO-
SETT A CO.. 316 Putter st.
LAUNDRESS. $2?.. see party h»re. Ift o'clock;
laundress. $25, must sleep home- waitress and
parlor maid. $25; second pirl. $2"; young girl
for light second work. $10; nurse girl, $1« ': a
number of house Rlrls, $25 and $26. Mils.
NORTON. 313 Sutter Bt.
COOKS and laundress. $25: 3 SPOlind * lrl Jl' *£'
number of girls for housework. MRfa. HIRD,
f,.11 T.arkin et.^
\Y A XTKD— First-class finisher on vests. 864
Folsom st.
WANTED— Experienced riveters on men's
overalls at the Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gtiugh q,nd Grove sts.
TAILORESSES. flnt-cUsa finisher on coats. H.
DAVIS. 119 Russ »t :
WANTED— Apprentice and improvers on dres-
maklng. M_____OORDO____n9 Jessie st.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work. ____ Fuiton st.
YOUNG Scandinavian woman; general house-
work; state wages expected. Address K. V.,
box 1971. Call office.
WANTED^Lady or gent: pleasant work; good
wages: experience not_necessary. 136 6th, r. 2.
LADIES to embroTder; good paying; easy work;
sent to your home. Addressed envelope for
sample and materials. Empire Embroidery
Works. 23 Duane St., New York City.
HELP WAXTED— Continued.
EXPERIENCED tucker, finishers on under-
skirts; muslin underwear; steady work;
power. 547 Market st.
YOUNG girl for general housework; 2 In fam-
ily; $10. 1214 Fell st.
SEAMSTRESS and apprentice girl at once. 2240
Post st.
GIRL about 15 to assist with light housework.
1418 O'Farrell st^
FIRST-CLASS skirt makers. SCHIMMEL &
STOVER. Ladles' Tailors, 408 Sutter st.
WANTED— A first-class finisher on ladles' tail-
oring; none other need apply. 16 Turk st.
GIRL for light housework; wages $8 to $10.
Call after 9 o'clock a. m., 27038 Mission st.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs work; refer-
ence required. 2202 Jackson st. '
$100,000 to loan; low interest; private en.: gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — First-class finishers on custom
coats. 106 Battery st.
GIRL for light housework: wages $8; reference.
Call forenoon, 213 Steiner st.
GERMAN girl 7or~light housework. 228 A Mo-
Allister st.
GOOD finishers on custom coats; good wages;
steady work. 409 Clementina st.
GIRL wanted to do general housework at 7SI
Green st., near Ma3on.
HAIR dressers and apprentice for hair work.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton St.
WANTED— A neat girl for light housework:
wages $10. 507 Querrero st.
GIRL wanted; must be a good plain cook;
wages $20. 425 Dcvisadero st.
EXPERIENCED pants operators wanted;
steady work. 227 Fifth st.
TAILORS on custom coats. 254 Ellis st.
NEAT girl for general housework; references
required; wages $15 to $20. Call 3696 17th.
PLEASANT, profitable employment for wo-
man of education. Apply 1203% Bush st.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady empty; embroidery taught. 646 Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts; a>
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36^ Fremont «t.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
HELP WAXTED— MALI-:.
CAKE baker, $18 a week; cake baker, city, $40
and found; first-class bread baker, country
i hotel, $60 and found: cook, private hotel, $40;
second cook, $55: broiler, $50; restaurant
butcher. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
3 NEAT bellboys with references for a South-
ern California hotel, $15; upstairs porter for
an institution, $25 and found. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife, woman to cook for 20 men,
$50 and found; stableman for a vineyard, 750
a day and board. >
Driver for a milk route, $30 and found;
farmer, orchard, $20: and others. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SHIP to Skaguay Thursday; fare, $16. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOREMAN, bread baker, for a first-class coun-
try hotel, $65 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND cook, restaurant, $80; broiler. $50;
assistant cook, $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. •
HALF FARE PAID
TO THE MILLS AND YARDS
OF A GREAT SAWMILL COMPANY
WE WANT AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
2ft common laborers, no experience necessary,
$23 and found, half fare paid, steamer sails
to-day, call early. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY & READT
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WANT TO-DAY:
10 laborers for sawmills $26 and found
5 scraper teamsters, city $26 and found
4 buggy washers and stablemen .... $30 and $40
3 carpenters for lumber company.. s2 50 a day
Shingle packer; strong boy to learn black-
smith trade: also boys to learn other trades;
butcher, country shop, $35 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
HARNESS-maker, $40 and found, see boss here;
call early.
FOR GOVERNMENT WORK.
5 strong laboring men, $1 75 a day, free far*.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED driver for milk wagon, city
references, $30 and found. MURRAY A
READY 634 and 636 Clay st.
PORTER and runner, country hotel, $20 and
found; German baker, city, $11 a week: plain
waiter, city institution. $20 and found: waiter,
bakery, near city, $25 and found; waiter, bak-
ery, near city. $25 and found: waiters, city
and country: cooks, Seattle. $60 and found;
also cooks for city and country places, $4ft,
$35 and $30; dishwashers, door boy. barber,
baker's helper, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Steward for nice country place, $50
and found; boarding house cook. $35; restaur-
ant cook, $7 week; porter, private boarding
house: waiters and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Stenographer and typewriter who
understands bookkeeping. $75. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Miner, $40; coal miners, $1 ton; 4-
horse teamster. $25; buggy washer, $30; and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Gardener for private place, short
distance in country, references required, $40
and found; coacnman for gentleman's place,
near city, references required, $30 and found;
farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Waaher. laundry, $2 a day; man
and wife for private place, $50; cook, small
restaurant, $10 a week; night cook, $9 a week;
pantryman, $25: dishwasher, $25; waiter, $25:
errand boy. $3 a week; boy for factory. $5 a
week: young Frenchman to assist, $20. etc.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
BOOKKEEPER, young man, experienced la
wholesale and retail liquor store; references
required. 423 Kearny st.
WANTED — A fine coat maker. CHARLES
ADAMS. 1384 Market st.
YOUNG man. 18 to 20. as porter In retail store.
HARSHALL'S, 12 Kearny st.
WANTED— A lunch waiter at Breuss' Bakerr.
517 Montgomery st.
LTTNCH waiter wanted at 17 Washington st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138H Eighth St.
WANTED— Vampere for ladies' work. SIEBB
SHOE COMPANY. 23 Jessie St.
YOUNG man aTlanitor In exchange for tnt-
tlon In shorthand. Rm 29, Mercantile Llbran -
WANTED— Experienced boys' clothing sales-
man who understands window trimming.
ROOS BROS.
WANTED— Man to cook for 2 nr 3 men and
work around nursery. 6CO_ Halght^ Bt.
YOUNG man to dolanitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber College, H__ F.ighth st.
W ANTED- Trustworthy persons to travel: aal-
".. «7f;o and expenses: ref.: Inclose self-add,
stamped envelope. Dominion Co.. Chicago.
ACTIVE boy to work in blacksmith shop;
must have references. _2_B_FTemnnt_lit.
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st., cor-
ner Fourth.
Al PRESSER on ladies' jackets. DAVIDSON
6 MILLER, 731 Market at.
WANTED— Strong boy to learn cake baker's
trade. 32 Sixth st.
WAN TED— Good salesman to represent a coffee
anil spice house. Apply r%nr> Fifth st.
250 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes. 25c to $L
Ml Mission <n., bet. First and Second Bts.
RESPECTABLE young man to drive milk
wagon: must have references. 1037 Valencia.
FIRST-CLAPP bnrbor: only steady man need
apply. 323 Devisadero st.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors; high
wages paid. FRANCIS. 704_Sutter st.
SHOES repaired while you wait; halt price.
562 Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts.
EXPERIENCED city salesman. Brownstone
Wine Co., 331 EUlw St.
1 WAITER, 1 cook and 1 dishwasher wanted.
Junction Cafe and Chophouse, 1727 JJarket st.
BARBKBB* Association Free Employment
Office. S. FT 'CHS. Sec. 32." Grant aye.
GOOD barber wanted at 423 Eighth St., Oak-
land.
EXPERIENCED dress silk salesman and win-
dow dresser: city reference. L. F. & CO.,
box 1974. Call office.
WANTED— Boy to work at sign painting. 703
Howard st.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 10 Grant aye.
WAN TED — Kirn-class tailors on custom
coats. 106 Battery st.
WANTED— First-class wcod worker, with $2000.
Address box 19.'.7, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market Bt
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 larg*
roome. 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.HELP WANTED— Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States, I
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further information |
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis st.,
Son Francisco. Cal. -.
AMATEUR musicians Tor social purposes. 323
Bush at., third floor, room 4. '
BARBER shop running 2 chairs, clearing $20
a week, with 3 rooms, furniture; will give
trial. Box 1844. Call office. '
COAL miners wanted. Tesla Coal Company,
32S Montgomery st.. San Francisco. '
WANTED- At Montana House. 764*4 Mission
St., men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
TRY Lindell House. Sixth & Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms; 15c, 25c night. j
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1 |
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 563% Market St. !
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ- j
rn't. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164. j
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soleing, 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Ccllection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary Beamen wanted at
LANE'S, 604 Davis St.. near Jackson. j
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 557 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: Xc a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
ralia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20fl rooms. 25c night: reading-room ; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST "and best in Amerlea-The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in th» united
State*, rostra Id. for $1 K0 a year.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGFNTS for only official "History of Our War
With Causes, Incidents nnd Results."
Civil Military. Naval. Steel plates, maps,
er.cTavings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell. Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greafest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We ray fre'.eht. give credit. Write
for terms an.l territory to sole publishers.
WOP.THINCTON & CO.. Hart/ord. Conn.
AGENT and 4 canvassers at soap factory. 1308
Mission st. - . |
LIVE energetic apents to handle good special- |
ty Just in. Greater West Advertising * Nov- |
*lty Co.. 115BU Washington st.. Oakland.
ROOMS "WANTED.
WANTED— Furnished office by teacher physi-
cal culture (lady). Box 1973. Call office.
FRONT room In district bounded by Powell,
Hyde. Eddy and Gearv: one with piano pre-
ferred: state price. Box 1955, Call office.
S SUNNY nicely furnished rooms east of Lar-
kin st.: reasonable. Address P. G.. 712 Kills.
WANTED — MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED Hoes. Call or address FRANK j
CAY KENDALL. San Fernando St., between
Second and Third. San Jose.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
rmtus: second-hand. IPS M'-ntcromery rt.
LOST.
ON Fremont St.. near Harrison, on Saturday
afternoon, November 12. a lady's purse. If
finder will kindly return the keys and other
contents the money can be retained as a i
reward. MRS. E. E. KENTFIELD, 331 Fre-
mont st.
BLACK and white Newfoundland dog. medium
size, answers to name of Melo. Return 511
Hyde ft.; reward.
URGE 3t. P.ernard bitch all clipped: has
medicine on back. Reward. 811 Howard st.
LOST, strayed or stolen, young white fox-ter-
rier slut one brown ear. Return to St. Law-
rence Stable, 423 Post st.. and get reward.
LOST— Purse with diamond — . Please re-
turn to GEO. ALBERTI. Neustadter Bros.,
Pine and Banaome sts.: reward.
DIAMOND set gold locket with monogram J.
W Finder will be suitably rewarded by de-
llv'ering at 116-11S Pine st.
LOST— A black feather boa, on Seminary aye.
( r the county road. The finder will receive j
a liberal reward by returning to 1627 Foley
St., Alameda. ~:.b;.
IN Oakland. Nov. 13. lady's puree. Please re-
turn to SS First St.: reward.
100 SHARES Mexican Mtninjr Co. stock: No. j
79 063. Return to M. S. MARTIN. Pacific ;
Stock Exchange, city: transfer stopped.
FOUND.
FOUND— Greyhound bitch. _ Call 27 Kate Bt.,
near Eighth. '
$100 000 to loan ladles on their diamonds and
sealskins. UNPT.F. HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches:
electrical, civil and mining engineering; bur-
veying. assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 713 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 3941 Twenty-
fourth st.. near Sanchez.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day tic eva. ;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a.
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, 6A Hyde.
BAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket st ; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew-
elry UNCLE HARRIS. IE Grant aye.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
«© HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 827 Sixth; auction eales every Wednea-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JITBT arrived— carloads of horsea from 1200 to
1000 lbs. Occidental Sal^varda. 721 Howard.
SEWING^MACHLNES;
AUTOMATIC, Domestic. Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1916 Mission st.
92 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
Machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 20f, Fourth st.
FURNITURE FOR sale.
FOR sale — The furniture in a 5-room flat on
Van Ness aye.; tired of housekeeping; every-
thing In first-class order. Addrees box 1929,
Call office.
ATTORNEYS J AT ; LAWT
ADVTCE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
ADVICE free— Vf. P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
S Spreckelß bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVTCE free: no charge unless successful. W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
- ■ ~= 1
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles from $9 up; new firla*
wheels. $1$; new 18S7 high grade $100 bicycle
for J?9; new tires, $2: new pedals, $T 25 a pair;
rfcpa.rlnj;. JOSEPH HOLLK. '. th and Folaom.
STORAGE.
LIGHT dry cellar; centrally located: cheap
rent; for storage. National Agency. 7 Grant.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Ofnc* «01 Post at., cor. Powell: tel. Main 571&
MIMMG KNTEKPRISES.
FOR SALE— GoId mining property in Northern
Siberia on the Amoor River. For Information
njid assay inquire the representative at the
Occidental Hotel, room 172, every day from
10 o'clock a. — i.
PHYSICIANS. ~~~~~
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooma."
Advice and medicine. $1 50; open 9:30 to 6. 987
Market, cor. 6th. opp. Welnstock & Lubin's.
TYPEWRITERS. ;
ALL tpewrlters gold and rented; partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
HAMMOND. $25. Caligraph, $15; Yost. $15;"
get sample work. BCOTT, 333 Montgomery at i
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A^WE^n^e^buyersTto Invest in any legitimate
business: parties willing to. sell give us a
call. National Business Agency. 7 Gnant aye.
I $475— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
I store; near school; clears $60 month; 3 rooms;
rent $20; bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant.
$250— PARTNER wanted In beer bottling busi-
ness: have over 3so customers; fine horses,
wagons, etc.; sure to clear $75 per month to
each. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$250-*-SALOON on Market St.; clears $75 per
month easy; must be sold this week on ac-
count or departure; cheap at $500; never such
bargain offered. National Agency, 7 Grant ay.
$200— COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
Restaurant: No. 1 location; clear $t>o mo.
$175— Branch bakery: Market st.; rent $15.
Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$125— BRANCH bakery; pays well: big bargain.
National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$300— CORNER family liquor store; north of
Market st.; more than value in stock; owner
owns building. M. LESS & CO., 765 -Market.
] $1000— SALOON one of the best locations in
city: dome a good business; fine fixtures;
good bar trade. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market^
$2»OO— CORNER grocery and bar north of Mar-
ket St.; established for 30 years; horses and
wagon. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
SALOON and lunch house, with 9 fur- |
nished rooms; between shops and factories; 1
part cash; see this at once. LESS _ CO.,
765 Market st.
j $450— MILK route; 12 cans of milk per day; all 1
private trade: 2 horses and wagon; present !
owner there 14 years; selling account of old ;
age. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in light cash, business;
established 14 years; will clear $75 per month
to each, with chance uf Increase; must have
help. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$350— CORNER grocery and bar; bargain; death
! in the family cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; a bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
A FEW of STENBERG CO. BARGAINS:
$800 — Partner; livery stable.
$250 — Delicacy store. ".. t ■ '.
$800— Fine corner saloon.
Partner ; paying restaurant.
$600--Clgar store; full value in stock.
$1000— Partner in auction house.
$150 — Oyster grotto; rent $15; a snap.
We sell and exchange real estate
and business places of all kinds
STENBERG CO.. 26^ Kearny st.
— CORNER saloon; best part of Mission;
I large stock; fine fixtures, including $200 pool
I table; big trade; 6 living rooms; cheap rent;
bargain. LOWENSTEIN. 1023',-n Market st.
$300— GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; sell- j
Ing on account of sickness. N. LOWEN-
STEIN. 1023^ Market St.
A— KREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary st.
Corner grocery and bar; living rooms;
value in stock; look at this.
$450— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; central;
worth $1000; cheap rent: clears JlOO.
$300— Branch bakery,, laundry office and dairy
products: best in Mission: make offet\
FIRST-CLASS candy store; doing extra fine
business; guaranteed to clear $100 month; all
j choice goods; no opposition. JONES, 565 Mkt.
I PARTNER wanted: old-established corner
■•loon; centrally located; doing good busi-
ness; $10 to $15 day; cheap rent. Inquire
JONES. 565 Market Bt.
SALOON; one of the best locations in
city: doing a good business; fine fixtures;
good bar trade. Southwest cor. Nineteenth
and Valencia sts. HENRY JOHE.
FOR SALE— At Auburn 12-room lodging-house ]
and lot; latest Improvements; electric lights;
opposite depot; doing good business; a bar-
gain. Address box 1966, Call office.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures; in good location; investigate at once; '.
chance for good physician. Address box 1513, :
Call' office. • !
GOOD business proposition to right man; email
capital required; e«tablished trade; no ex-
perience necessary. Box 3008, Call office, Oak-
land.
FOR sale cheap— Barber shop on account of !
Bickness. Apply S. FUCHS. 336 Grant aye.
FOR Restaurant doing good business;
cheap; good reason. li 9 Fourth st. ■
$400— PARTNER wanted in light business
where the services of a plain, steady man j
are preferred to hired help; business long
established and too much for one man: no
experience required; trial given; $18 to $30 a
week each. " Apply from 9 to 12 a. m.. 117
Stockton St.. front office.
CORNER grocery and bar; ■' living rooms:
cause of selling- death of proprietor. Apply
Washington Brewer)', Lombard and Taylor.
LAUNDRY for sale; fully equipped with hand j
machinery; good drop trade; $125. Box 1967, \
Call office. . - ■-.". j
BAKERY; cheap, on account of other busi-
ness; small rent. 721 Brannan St.
GOOD grocery and bar: NW. corner Filbert
arid Laguna: no opposition.
FIRST-CLASS down-town saloon. Inquire of I
P. CHAUSLINS, Crown Distilleries, 100 !
Front st.
BAKERY; only store trade; cash business;
with a fine, new brick oven. Apply at Call.
WORKING partner in paying business; secur-
ity for cash invested. 434 Vi Jessie st.
COFFEE and chop house for sale; cheap. 324
Larkin st. '
MAKE an offer Half or whole Interest In best
-paying restaurant in Oakland; present owner j
there 7 years; reason for change, has whole- j
sale business in San Francisco; clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest Investigation and j
trial before buying. Owner, Call, Oakland. |
BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good I
location; living rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove 1
Bt., Oakland.
FOR SALE and to rent, wood and coal yard. '
433 Stevenson st. ; apply upstairs.
$150 — HOME bakery; sickness cause of selling;
low rent; good location. Box 1542, Call office.
GOOD business chance ßestaurant and S-room
lodging-house for sale; cheap. Call or ad-
dress 325^4 Fourth st. *
COFFEE, tea and Bplce solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-10>
Beale st. '\'zi X .
$100,000 to loan on sealskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Unclg Harris. 15 Grant aye.
LODGING HOCS_3S> FOB SALE*
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200
15 rooms; corner house; bay. windows — S5O
10 rooms; central; clears $50 450
16 rooms; rent $50; clears $100 750
SEE MY. LIST IN TO-DAY'S
CHRONICLE AND EXAMINER
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 430
65-room house; cost $8000; only 3500
14-room house; transient 400
64-room house; clears $300 1400 !
10-room bouse; 0n1y....... 150 •
21 rooms; corner; clears $160 550 1
46-room house; corner 1200
24 rooms; clears $100 600
14 rooms on Powell st. ; new 860
22 rooms near City Hail 800 !
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750
10 rooms; all rented; business street 300 1
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 6000 i
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL; I CAN SUIT YOU.
ABSTRACT FURNISHED.....
REMEMBER THE NUM8ER.........
IC2O MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH
H. C. DECKER
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Housee.
9 rooms; Leavenworth st.; all new and
clean: carpets good; clears $25 $325
13 rooms; newly furnished and well rented;
$350 cash, balance time 600
14 rooms; near City Hall; always full;
clears $75 goo
17 rooms; very elegant; central; best tran-
sient in city 850
23 rooms; Fifth et. ; rent $45; monthly re-
ceipts $120; a snap 600
$1200—36 ROOMS; business corner; exchange for
small house; no ca«h required. KHEDO & CO.
CORNER grocery and bar; Mission; ex-
change for lodging-house. KREDO & CO I
22V4 Geary st.
10 ROOMS; north of Market St.: fine $1600
76 rooms; select: transient: corner 3500
i 28 rooms; rent $55 550
37 rooms; north of Market: clears $125 1500
10 rooms; all new furniture [ .. coo I
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL !
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION, PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.:
10 rms.; Hyde 5t.. 5250 IS rms.; Post 5t.... $600
16 rma.; Third Bt.. 275 37 rms.; Howard... 700
20 rms.; Geary at. €00 50 rms.; Bush st... 1250
100 others. National Agency. 7 Grant, aye.
25 ROOMS; sunny corner; clears. $100 $1250
24 rooms; fine location; clears $75 700
60 rooms: best transient; clears $200 2509
Some fine city and country hotels for sale
and rent; loans negotiated. EITEL. 1016 Mkt.
$1400— LODGING hou«e In good location; doc-
tor's office and full of good roomers. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
PARTY wishes to buy or sell lodging house
and other, business. . BASILE. 873% Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE for Bale; 29 rooms; all light;
$450. 124 Second st. ■
WANTED— To buy lodging hry - 25 to 36
rooms; no agents. Address bo? ■(<.. call.
23-ROOM lodging house; centra! !..;•.: >n; doing
ood business: a bargain. Bo\ Ki-s. Call.
$100 000 to loan on stocks and bonds; low lnter-
ent. : UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GROCERY or -butcher wagon for sale cheap.
I 1501 Folsom st.
THE SAT? FRANCISCO CAT_L, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. .
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar. ' " '
NEWLY fitted up residence. 13 sunny rooms;
bath; large yard: corner Van Ness aye. and
Broadway: rent $50. Apply on premises be-
tween 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.
NINETEENTH, 3522— 10 rooms, barn, yard;
modern; rent $25.
OAK 2:<. near Market— l2-room house; rent
$40; 2 permanent roomers still In house, who
pay $25 per month, desire to stay; reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant aye.
PERRY. 208. near Fourth— rooms and yard:
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. L.MB-
SEN & CO. ' .
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
$16— CHEAP; 6 rooms, bath; lower part. ■VI
Guy place, off First st., above Folsom.
$100,000 to loan: ladles' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
] COTTAGES TO LET.
A^THREE^lovely 5-room. bath, yard cottages
for $12 each. SPECK & CO.. 602 Markat st.
$6— SUNNY cottage. S rooms; Roscoe st., off
Crescent aye. Apply at 64 Silver St., off Third.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FURNISHED flat; 4 or 5 rooms; complete for
housekeeping. 907 V& Mission st.
SMALL flat, 4 nicely furnished sunny rooms,
at 1f.22 Geary st. ...___:
~~~ FLATS TO LET.
AT 1142 Golden Gate aye.— Lower and middle
flat : 6 rms.; modern conveniences; sunny side
CLAYTON. 874, south of Frederick—
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
HAMPTON place, 19, off Folsom, between Sec-
ond and Third— Floor , of 4 rooms; yard.
HAVES. S3©- Branch office of The Call. 6ub-
scriptions and ads taken.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 5 room»;
gaa; bath: rent $16.
LOVELY 7 rooms; modern and sunny; 2335
Mißslon St.. near Nineteenth. A. M. SPECK
6 CO., 602 Market st.
MINNA. 904. near Tenth— four rooms and
bath. ■
NATOMA, 207 and 209, near Third— Nice
clean flats, 4 rooms. $8 and $10.
SUNNY bay-window flat. 7 rooms, bath: cot-
tage, 5 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery et.
I SUNNY flat of 6 rooms, $10; also 3 rooms, $7.
1017 Bryant st. (
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission St.. near Seventh; $17
TO LET — flats; modern Improvements; will
let cheap; 4 rooms. 3176 A Sixteenth St., near
Guerrero.
UNION, Sunny upper bay-window flat of
. 7 rooms and bath; nice view; rent cheap. t
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st . bet. Eighth and Ninth.
$10— LOWER flat 4 sunny rooms. 27 Pearl st.,
off Market, near Valencia.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St., between
Gough and Octavia.
SUNNY flat. 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St., be-
! tween Third and Fourth.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of Th« Call. * Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches: low rates:
private offices. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT Maeon. Nicely furnished rms. for hkpir,
complete, $3 50 week; single rooms, $1 50 up.
! BRYANT 1101, corner Ninth— 3 front house-
keeping rooms; furnished complete; cheap.
DEARBORN, 23, off Seventeenth, above Valen-
cia— 3 furnished rooms; $5.
EDDY, — A sunny room for housekeeping;
reasonable: private family.
i EDDY, 917— Beautifully furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; private resi-
dence.
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny alcove room,
complete; gas stove; $1S per month. $4 week.
ELLIS 719, near Larkin— 2 unfurnished sunny
rooms, $10: 1 large, $6; prlvajte family.
GROVE 202, corner Van Nees aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 8-^room suite, with gas range. -
FIFTH, — Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen: grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
FIFTH 353— Furnished housekeeping, 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath. $20; also 3. $12; single, $5.
! HOWARD, 525— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
complete; and others reasonable.
HOWARD. Newly furnished sunny rooms,
single or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD, 1324—2 back rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, $12. ■ f__
HOWARD, 2008. near Sixteenth— room
furnished for housekeeping; bath and gas.
LARKIN, 804— Large sunny front with small
room furnished; $9; light housekeeping.
I LEAVENWORTH. 1503. near Jackson— nice
sunny furnished rooms; bath; $10.
MISSION, 1063— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water; cheap^ -
MISSION, 1217— Sunny front suites complete for
housekeeping; $12, $14 and $16.
i OAK. 119— Small, sunny front room: furnished
complete for housekeeping; for two. _^
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
O'FARRELL. 536— Large sunny furnished front
rm. ; single rm.. light hkpg. privilege; reas.
PINE. 1931—3 unfurnished rooms; large yard;
bath; cheap. '-■_:■■'■-
POLK. 522— Furnished or unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; cheap.
POST, 921— Front and back parlor; conveniences
for housekeeping^
POWELL, 944— Unfurnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping, $10 to $15.
SEVENTH, 178— Nicely furnished Bunny house-
keeping rooms: large yard; reasonable.
SEVENTH. 328H— Flat of 3 nice rooms; rent
cheap to small family.
SHOTWF.LL, 824—3 sunny furnished rooms and
bath: ulngle or light . housekeeping; terms
reasonable.
SIXTH 420— Sunny bay-window rooms, closets,
running water and bath; also single rooms.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent $10. %
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
■ THREE unfurnished rooms; rent taken in
board. Call 342 Kearny st^
i TURK, 126—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekpg; closet; running water; no children.
TWELFTH, 145. cor. Howard— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; complete for housekeeping. ■
VAN NESS, 300— Elegant sunny suite complete
housekeeping ; bath: gas; others; reasonable.
$10C 000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
I"~ ' ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny i-t.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite or Bingle; flrst-clau*
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms per week, $1 50 to
$3: single, $1 to $180; -day.. 25c to 50c.
BALBOA The 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, eaites $1 per day: less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BRYANT. 457%— Nicely furnished room suita-
ble for gentleman. ! ' ■ -
BUSH, 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms. ' -'••"■
BUBH, Cheap furnished rooms.
CALIFORNIA, 832— Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board If deaired.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.: $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Sunny front room; also suite and
Dingle; reasonable prices.
FOLSOM, 77G 1 /fc— Nic«ly furnished sunny rooms
to let: $4 and $5. ' .-■ ■
FOURTH. 108— Nice sunny rooms; single or
double. . . - ,
GLOBK House, S2l Howard— Per night, 26c to
$1; week. 11 to $4; reading room. Huward cars.
GOLDEN GATE, Nicely furnished front
■ room, bath, gas, etc.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh ami
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms:, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL. The. 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients: gents preferd.
HAVES, M3— To let; nice large sunny well-
furnished room: $6. ;
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
: sultea and singl. rms.: trasient. Mrs. J. King
1 HOWARD, 1072— sunny . front room suita-
ble for lor 2 gentlemen; private family. :
LOCUST aye.i 125, near Van Ness— ; front
room, $1 week.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
MARKET. 1007%— Changed hands: suites or sln-
gle: reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING. Prop.
MINNA. 28— Nice sunny furnished rooms; sin-
gle and double; 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month
O'FARRELL. 327— Single room neatly furnish-
ed. $4 50 per month.
O'FARRELL, 537— R00m suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
O'FARRELL, 770 — Single room and sunny front
room; newly furnished; moderate.
POLK, 607 — Sunny furnished rooms; running
water; large closet; reas. ; gents preferred.
POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmoß Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; leasonable.
SEVENTH. 192. near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and ■.nfurnlshed.
SIXTH, 393. corner Harrison— Sunny front
rooms furnished for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK, 46 — Sunny front or back parlor;
bath and gas: new flat.
SUTTER. 1128— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
overlooking garden, with board.
TA.YLOR, 323— Newly furnished sunny rooms-
"for 1 or 2 gentlemen: single -ms. light hkfg
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located: rooms
en suite or single. 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pass
hcuee direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St.. opp.Oough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
WASHINGTON, 502— Changed hands; renovat-
ed: sunny unfurn. rms.; offices; run. water.
$100 oon to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDING houses find It to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market.
BUSH, S22 — New management; elegant room
and board, $25; hot and cold water; private.
FIRST. 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class in every respect: table
unsurpassed: hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
HOTEL VANCOUVER has reopened dining
room: under new management; board, $25 up.
1001 Sutter st.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms: home cook-
ing; parlor: piano; bath- gents; special rates.
SOUTH PARK, 159 — Furnished room, with
board. $4 and $5; home cuoklng.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Sunny furnished suites
and single room*; first-class table board.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. In Grant ay»
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CARE of Infant or small child by responsible
lady; terms reasonable. 776 Stevenson st.
1 CHILD to board; good home and mother's
care; no other children. 818 Cheater St.,
Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
BARBER shop and dwelling Just vacated: good
trade for steady man. 1555 Fifteenth St.,
near Mission.
FIFTH. 353— Store and rooms: yard; $15; good
for dressmaker or other business.
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard: fixtures
for raloon. Apply 2S3* M!««lnn st.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA~SPRECKfc:LS building. »27 Market St.:
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $13 50
to $20. ASHTON _ GARDNER, room 410.
MARKET. 1008 H. opp. Fifth— Suite of unfur-
nished room? for doctor or dentist.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
all female diseases from whatever cause;
all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
true friend; home for patients with every
comfort: satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy st.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 yeare' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1238 Market
st ; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases, free. WALLER BROS.. 23
Grant aye.. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
tei from whut cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day: safe and sure: no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
eaves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladies' physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
BE UP TO DATE.
Rearl the fnmous French book,
"Plain Talk to Women on Avoided Subjects."
Three million copies sold in France during
the year 1597. Better than all monthly regu-
lators, etc., combined. See advertisement in
to-day's Call, page 12.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped Instantly;
consult free; confidential; hours. 9 a. m. to
r p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
DR. and MRS. WEGENFR. r.12 Golden Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
AI.PEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50:
expressed <"". O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSOOOD BROS., r-onst Agents. Oakland, CaL
A SAFE, easy and sure r»medy for obesity.
Address box 1968. Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on bronzes, silverware; private
entrance. UNCLF HARRIS. IB Grant rv*.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for the fame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $6: crowns, $3: fill-
ings, 60c: teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no Ftudents employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $5: Bee new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our sper»<»»r t -- flll'nirf". BOc: crowns. $3 50: all
-•»- " painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Pai'lora, -4 sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
antee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SKT of teeth. $5: fillings, gold, $1 up; sliver. 250
up; bridge work: plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, 969 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
VAX VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up- all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth, $4: filling, gold BOc, silver 25c;
crowns $3; open 9 a. m. to 10 p. — Parl3
Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny st.
DR~ LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market at., near
Eleventh; crowns. brld?e work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: pas given.
ALL work rensonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St.
PFT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— ('leans,
moves lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
■■> and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become dlsgußted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 363-57 Tehama St.; tel, S. 40.
CARPSTB cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126~.
ADVANCE Carppt-cleanlng Co. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3114. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor.
PERSON /ili»-
WILL persons who saw the man at Sixth and
Market streets in trouble with small school
boy communicate with parents? 473 Tehama.
ALL persons are cautioned' against using the
undersigned's name or contracting debts
without my consent or knowledge.
THOS. H. SILK.
IF you have domestic trouble or business
trouble and wish help; if you are afflicted
and want consolation; ill and want health;
If you are unsuccessful and wish success, or
are poor and want riches; it lies entirely with
yourself to have . whatever you desire. All
this by a law of the mind, as plain and [
simple as breathing, the full knowledge of |
which will be sent to you for one dollar. <
Trad. Sup. Co., 123 Liberty .St.. N-w York. j
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy I
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
"PLAIN Talk to Women on Avoided Subjects.'"
First American translation of the French. See
large advertisement in to-day's Call, page 12.
LEDERER, the leading hairdresser, charges
25c for the latest fads in liairdressing; em-
ploys only artists: you are sure of being
pleased with the result. 123 Stockton St.
WANTED— To communicate with milliners,
dressmakers and others who have been in-
duced to pay money in consideration of be-
ing appointed agents for a composition styled
Malvina Cream. Address P. O. box 2137. City.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla hair tonic should be
applied until the hair stops falling out; the
only cure; 35c a bottle. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to ?1 50 per night; $1 DO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th, Oakland.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer" cost. 107 Sansome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices; j
> $1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny. |
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LFMOS. 1117 Market fit., bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladles' tailoring taught; S
F. Dress Cuttinc School; tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits
coats, capes, cycling suits: men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
TAYLOR, 238— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed; evening waists a
r.peclalty; reasonable. *
MME. GOLDSTEIN— Elegant Stylish dresses, $>
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rms. 14-I'..
IRITUALISM.
ATTENTION 1
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and begs
to inform her patients, both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness. j
She never asks a question, but before you I
utter a word she tells you in full of all that I
you ar<? interested in: business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysie,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which |
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
, 1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. 7. 7. WHITNEY, celebrated trance |
! test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cure 3 disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hrs., j
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027^ Mrkt.
M FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. US Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.
Mon.. 8. 25c: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIR VO V ANTS.
MME. LENEMAR. fortunes by planets; pre-
dicted rescue passengers steamer Gold, '74.
23"4 Sixth St.. room 3. _
YOUR future told by card«; price, 10c. 77
Ninth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader: ;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth, rm. 10. |
MME. VENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clalr- !
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market st.
| MME. BYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus- j
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. .B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
' AS we are gelling good upright pianos for $6
cash nnd $6 per month, we ask you to investi- I
gate and approve this method; irlces are the J
tame as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy !
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 an"
■ per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. j
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and \
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largebt housa I
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES. i
X, 28 and 80 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs ami ;
all ether musical instruments of all grades ;
and prices; terma easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the I
customer. |
DURING the next few. works while our store •
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise; '
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS j
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. !
YOU want a piano. Why not call on . us?
SCOTT, CUHTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we |
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own ,
building. \Ve guarantee anything purchased ;
from us for ten years. f>26 Haye« st. j
I AN elegant Stelnway upright, but little used !
! and In perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's >
Piano Warerooms, 181S Market st. ,
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. *Ole agents for CnlcK-
erlng, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. Ht O'Farrell st.
UPRIGHT piano: cost new $300; 5 monthly
Installments. 1115 Post st. . ;- *.y-
BARGAIN: good Stelhway upritrht: cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A SLIGHTLY used high grade piano: secriflced
for cash. Room 10. Flood building.
AN elegant Stelnway. upright for $250 casn;
must sell. KEEFFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A PIANO that will please you. the Byron
Mauzy. 808 Post St. ,
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano chap; brilliant.
! . powerful tone. HCRNUNG. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights. $7i ap;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis et. • "-i.--.-r v
' KNABE pianos; new scale; new : ylea. KOU-
LER *• CHASE. so O'Farrell st. :f.-.., -■..
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers. eld tnd new. H.
! MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
i i MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads nnd subscriptions taken. ' .
FOR SALI2— MISCELLANEOUS.
AN 18-karat gold Howard watch,- worth $100,
for $67. at UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
MALTESE kitten, $1. 617 Turk st.
STAR lathe; new 6-ft. b«d; 4 ft. between cen-
ters; 12-in. swing; automatic cross -feed and
tools; $140 cash. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
ONE 37- ft. launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30-
ft. sloop; 21-ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull;- 60-tt. tug boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. - KN-
GELBRECHT, successor to San Francisco I
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters, j
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J. >
- NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission at:. i
above Sixth.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
- 423 Sacramento st. .„
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
SECOND-HAND lumber: old buildings bought
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr*d. 619 Mission; tel. Br. 33L
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl, 938-952 Market.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 757.
6AFES— Bargains in new and second hand; all '<■
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch of flee of > The Call. !
Subscriptions and ii'ls taken. > ■ -■- ■-' '-*"■ ■'■■
PROPERTY^ WANTED. ■ ,
WANTED-From I■to-. 15 '■ acres of 1; improved
■ - land, - within -30 miles !of city; . state particu-
lars and price. Box 1537. Call offla /
CITY r REAL ESTATE.
A. M. SPECK &CO., 602 Market st] ~
$7500 — A grand residence of 10 rooms; Presidio
Heights. 3309 Clay 6t.
$500— A Kearny-st. lot, 25x87 feet.
$650— A-Treat-ave. lot, 25x122 feet.
— Cozy cottage (Mission); lot 25x114 feet.
$1500— Lot, 35x100 feet; Castro st.
$2000— Frankiin St.; large lot.
. $2500— Sutter st.; neat house and lot.
$916 — Vallejo st., near Ma*on; 7-room house;
make offer.
$4500 — Three elegant flats on Folsom st. ; select
locality: rents $46; lot 26x122 feet.
$SOOO— 10-room modern residence on
Vallejo st. ; marine view.
• $SOCO— Grand corner; 10-room residence, with
stable: Jackson- st.
$11,000— Eddy St.; 60x57:6; fair improvements;
near Hyde st.
$11,000 — corner. 67:6x110 feet, with good
improvements; near an Ness and Market. ■
$2S, Mission st., vicinity of Sixth; good
improvements; lot SOxSO feet.
$25,000— Powell st.. corner lot, 65x70 feet; only ;
few blocks from Orpheum.
$30,000— Marke; st.;' 75-foot front, with .12
gra:ul flats; this is a big bargain.
$30,000 — Geary-st. corner; 57-foot front; near
Powell; One improvements; rented under lease, !
fMM. ■
. $32,500— Montgomery-st. corner: 60-foot front,
with good improvements; will exchange In part
for nice residence.
$40,000— Eddy st.; elegant new improvements
100-foot front; rents $300 net.
$60.000— Corner, 175x137:6 feet, with good Im-
provements; block from Market st.
$75.000— Grand investment, within block oj
Sixth and Market; modern 5-story building;
rented for $500: lot 75- foot front. •
$110,000— Grand corner, within block of Powell
a:ul Market sts.; lot 100x110 . feet. .
$125,000— Market St., wholesale district: grand
improvements; only one-half cash ; lot 45x135 <
feet; pays 6 per cent net.
A. M. SPECK & CO..
602 Market st.
PRICE reduced to $4000: one of the best corners
on Dolores st.: lot 33x90; elegant residence
of 7. rooms and bath on end of lot; enough
vacant ground to build a 3tore and flats
above; house is new and all rooms are finely
decorated in latest style: terms $1200 cash,
balance in monthly installments. See owner
at 232 Liberty st.. near Dolores.
$1250— A BIG bargain; cost $3000; corner lot, 25
xlOO; Plymouth aye. and Lobos St.; 2 flats. 4
and 5 rooms; streets graded and macadam-
ized; near electric cars; rents 12 per cent;
easily increased. GEO. A. RAYMOND, 210
Sansome st.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; one, $2675. 5
rooms and attic; easy terms. J. ANDERSON,
builder. Liberty st, nr. Castro, or 340 Jersey.
NICK cottaee in Uie Potrero; 5 rooms and
bath. Address 245 Texas, near Eighteenth.
$100,000 to loan; low interest: strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
COUNTRY REAL ESTVTE.
$1700—25 ACRES, 4 miles from Martinez, 15
minutes from the new railroad depot; 5 acres
in hill land, wood; 4 acres in table grapes;
all bearing; family orchard; house of 4 rooms,
barn, good well, horse, cow, wagon, chickens
' and farming tools. J. A. Z., Martinez, Cal. .
FOR rent or — Farm and dairy ranch of
500 acres in Tomales, Marin Co. ; will carry
100 cows, with land. to farm; joins town and
depot; good roads; plenty water; rent $1500.
MRS. KEYS, Tomales.
160 ACRES of good grain land; latest improve-
ments and beautiful home for lamllv. In-
quire grocery, 1748 Larkln St., cor. Jackson.
$100,000 to loan on watches, bronzes: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. ' F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St. ; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6Vi per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
j bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason st., opp. Olympla Music Hall.
$ICO,OOO to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds:
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ON furnitun*. pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.
any proposition. Dryden. 113 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
; States or Canada one year for ■$1 60, postage
paid. ' - •■>"■:- - ■■'; !
FINANCIAL. ,
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATB.
A~I?NAR " ~"
6-room, 2-story modern; lot 200x135; fenced;
windmill and tank; water piped over grounds;
$2000; one-half cash.
5-room cottatre; modern; lot 37x100; $1500.
2 flats. 4 rooms each; modern; cement base-
ments; $1100. m
5-room cottage; modern: lot 50x125; $1375.
2-story, 7-room; modern: lot 50x150; $1300: $300
cash, balance $15 per month. W. M. ALLISON
& CO., 463 Ninth st., Oakland. . .
BEAUTIFUL cozy home near station on broad-
gauge line, in one of the best neighborhoods i
in Oakland: 7 rooms and bath: open nickel- :
plated plumbing; sandstone chimney; large i
reception hall; modern and complete In every
particular; for sale at a bargain: terms, to
suit: call at once for particulars. Lake Shore
Land Co., A. H. BREED, Manager, 1070
Broadway, Oakland.
$100,000 to loan: low interest: private office*;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 <T--a7it «v».
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN G-room flats, $12 to $17; no dark rms.;
stove and porcelain bath: water, a*h man
frer: Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
st..- KPENIO X- KP.ny.T. }r,(\K Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms:
fiats S or 4: also, B!nele. 1453-55 Broadway.
OAKLAND FIRMTIKE FOR SALK.
FURNITURE— Good «nd choan. H. SCHELtr-
HAAS" r.ld rtore. 4IW Kt-vnth ,t «>•« ht—
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAJIIiUA REAL EBTATU. ,
$140^— TO close an estate; lot 4CxIOC; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
' school.
I $1000— Snap; lot 80x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
I blocks from Morton st. station.
j $2SoO— New Colonial cottage, 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy termi.
Elegant home on Central aye. ; lot 50x207. See
this at once. Houses to let In all parts of Ala-
■ meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company.* installment h ir.- |
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Tark st.- :
Alninprln. fni ;
ALAMEDA . ROOMS AND BOARD.
PRIVATE home In confinement; connected with
housekeeping apartments. MRS. DR. FUNKE.
141 Eighth nt.. Alameda.
BERKELEY "REAL.' ; ESTATB.
$3000— 5-room cottage: bath, laundry: IV4 acres:
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dlngtcn. 2lt:> Stanford pi., oi»p. nerkeley «tn.
MARBIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
William E. Jackson to Minnie B. G0rd1n. .22-21
Ed. F Campbell and Margaret Walsh 22-21
Harry Mendelson and Eva P. Smith 27-25
J. J " Atkinson and Johanna Hogan 24-18
B C. Lynch and Katie E. Shepston. 32-25
F. :A. Flaplor and Etta Brodensteln 22-19
David M. Bertrand and. Julia Tessier.. 21-21
J. Methmann and Martha Herrmann 27-22
C R. Wagner and Agnes Fitzpatrick.. 21-18
O.'.T. Gardner and Amanda Scheets 23-22
BIKH3— MABBIA6E3— OEATHi
Birth, marriage and ■ death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the -publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BOWEN— In this city, November 11, 1898, to
the wif of/George E. Bo wen, a son.
BUCK— In triis city. November 4, 1898, to the
■: wife of J. A. Buck, a daughter. ; '
McDONALD— In this city. November 10, 1898,
to the wife of William W. McDonald, a son.
MAHONEY— In this city, November 14, IS9S, to
- the wife of J. J. Mahoney, a daughter.
______ ___________
MARRIED.
DUNNIGAN— In- this city. Octo-
ber 27, IS9B, by the Rev. Father Collins,
George D. Ollmour and Margaret A. Dunni-
'■-■ gan, both of San Francisco. :
-■ ■• ■ ':>' ■■:■■■"/:, :"■- ' T.-V ■■ ' ■-':.••.
DIED.
Boh. Marlanna Hognn, Martin :
Bull, Jennie C. Jenkins. Ilary .
Carlson, Alma Lillie, William H.
Connelly. Catherine McKenzie. John G.
Dillon. Julia Owen. Wilson J.
Flelsher, Bertha Paravagua, Louis
Gainninl, Amadeo P. Pellegrini. Ralph A.
Gerken, Henry - PHster, Hermann H.
Gomm. Theresa A. ' Pretorious', Mrs. M. ;
Gschwardner, Joseph Robbins. Jeanette
Guinasso. Maria Shean. May R.
Halford, Alice S. Siperly, Florence E.
Harrison, Helen G. Tierney, Walter J.
Hetzel, George W.
BOH— In West Berkeley, November 15. 1898,
Marianna, relict of the late Jacob Boh. a na-
tive cf Alsace, aged S2 years and 1 month.
BULL— In Belmont, November 15. IS9B. Jen-
nie Caldweli, widow of the late Alpheus
Bull, a native of Wllliams^ort, Pa.
ICNotlce of time and place of funeral in
Thursday's papers.
I CARLSON— In this city. November 14, 18S8,
Alma, beloved daughter of Ida and the late
Charles Carlson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months.
CONNELLY— In this city, November IS. 1898.
' Catherine, . beloved wife of William Connelly,
and beloved mother of James and William '
H. Connelly and Mrs. M. Egan. a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aeed 62 years.
(Philadelphia papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1515 Mason street, thence to St.. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
: Cross Cemetery.
DILLON— In this city, November 14, 1858.
Julia, beloved daughter of P. F. and .Nellie
Dillon, and sister of Henry, Lena, Edward.
Florence. Frank and Josle Dillon. a native of
! San Francisco, aged 24 years.
(tT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 75 Chattanooga street,
thence to St. James Church, corner Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem,
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
FLEISHER— this city. November 14. 1898.
Bertha Flelsher, a native of Germany, aged 49
yearß. . J
GAlNNlNl— November 14, 189S, at the residence
of his parents, 615 Bay street, Amadeo P.,
beloved son of Amadeo P. and Clorinda Agne.s
Gainnini. and ■ brother of Mario and Lloyd
Gainninl. a native of . San Francisco, aged 5
years and 29 days. .
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
GERKEN— In this city, November 13, 1898,
Henry, beloved husband of Louise Gerken,
and father of Henrietta and Henry Gerken, a
native of Hanover, Germany, aged 44 years
and i> days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances and members
of Court Justice No. 16. F. of A., are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(AVednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1310 Kearny street, between Green and
Union, thence to Saratoga —all, 814 Geary
street, where the funeral services will be neM
under the auspices of the Independent Rifles
at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery. ' .
GOMM— In this city, November 14, 1898. The-
resa Adelaide, wife of Dr. William F. Gomm,
and daughter of Patrick and Julia A. Cleary,
a native, of San Francisco.
IT^There will be a solemn requiem high
mass for the repose of her soul to-morrow
(Thursday), at St. Peter's Church, beginning
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private. Omit
flowers.
GSCHWARDNER— In fhla city. November 15,
IS9B. Joseph, dearly beloved husband of Mm.
Fanny Gschwardner, a native of Vienna,
Austria, aged 49 years.
Remains at 1604 Stockton street.
GUINASSO— this city, November 14, 1898,
Maria, beloved wife of F. T. Guinasso. and
mother of Fred L. and David G. Guinasso,
a native of Italy, aged 50 years and 5 months.
lC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 617 Green street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HALFORD— At Lawrence Station, November
14. 189 S. Alice S.. daughter of Alice J. and the
late Robert D. Halford.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the family
residence near Lawrence station.
HARRISON— In East Oakland. November 14.
1898. Helen G.. beloved wife of Benjamin Har-
rison, and mother of Benjamin F. Harrison
Jr., Mrs. C. W. Jones and Mrs. Captain L.
Hansen, a native of England, aged 47 years
and 21 days.
HETZEL— In this city, Novemb-r 15. 1898,
George W., beloved husband of Kate HetzeJ,
and ' father of Leopold Hetzel, a native of
Scranton, Pa., aged 40 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1245 O'Farrell street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOGAN— this city. November 14. IS9B. Mar-
tin Hogan. a native of Ireland, aged 81
I years.
i JENKINS— In this city. November 14. 1898,
Mary, beloved wife of William Jenkins,
mother of Nellie, Annie. Maud, James and
Rose Jenkins, and sister of • James Skelly,
Mrs. John Kiley and Mrs. D. Coslow. a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland, aged 43
years and 3 months.
LILLIE— this city, November 14. IS9B, Wil-
liam H., beloved husband of>Mlgnon M. Lil-
lie, eon of Henry Llllie . of Elsinore. and
brother of Walter Lillie of . Alameda. a na-
tive of Minnesota, aged 35 years 11 months
and 17 days." -
(CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple,
Post and Montgomery streets, under - th?
auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No. 30. F. and
A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
McKENZIE— In this city. November 13, 189?.
John Grier, beloved husband of Sarah Mc-
Kenzle. and father of Joseph. Elmer, Alfred,
John and Tillie McKenzle and Mrs. George
W. Harms, a native of Scotland.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1507 Buchanan street, thence to I. O.
O. F. Hall, corner Market and Seventh
streets, where the funeral services will be
held under the auspices of Pacific Lodge No.
155, I. O. O. F.. at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. .
OWEN— this city, November 14, 189S, Wil-
son Jones Owen, beloved husband of Mary
■ Elizabeth Owen, and father of Frank L. and
Alice R. Owen, a native of Missouri aged 87
years.
C^"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
d ence. 1200 Jones street. Interment private.
PARAVAGUA— In this city, November 15. 1898.
Louis, dearly beloved husband of Catherine
Paravagua, father of Mrs. James Grondona,
Mrs. Josephine Pardinl and Dominick Para-
vagua, and brother of Joseph Paravagua of
Stockton and Mrs. Teresa Miller of Sacra-
mento, a native of Italy, aged 87 years.
PELLEGRINI— In this city, November 15, 1898.
Ralph A., dearly beloved son of Richard and
Emilie Pelegrlni, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 1 month.
PILSTER— this 1 city, November 14. 1898.
Hermann H.. beloved husband of Sophie
Pilster, a native of Germany, aged 34 years
and 8 months.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thur«day) at 2 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Gallagher & Co.. 20 Fifth
street. . . . - .."-. -
PRETORIOUS— A solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Mrs. Mary Pretortous to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral,
Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street.
Friends are invited to attend. -',';
ROBDINS— In this city, November 14, 159.1, .
Jeanette, youngest daughter of S. L. and
Josephine Robblns, a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 4 years 1 month and 12 days.
ICT'The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, 910 Vallejo street. -In.
■ terment private.
SHEAN— In this city, November 14, 1898, May
R..* dearly beloved daugHter -of . John and
Katharine Shean. and sister of Alfred E.,
Agnes L., Walter E. and the late Laura
Shean, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years.
tprFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 219 Duncan street, thence to St. Paul's
Church where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repOse of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . ' «i£
SIPERLY— In this city, November : 14, IS9B,
Florence E. Siperly, beloved daughter of Mrs.
Sarah A. Hutchlnson. and sister of the late
Mrs. C. F. Curry, a native of California, aged
3S years 7 months and 21 days. (Butte County,
Cai.. papers please coDy.).
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at West-
minster Presbyterian Church, corner, Page
and Webfiter streets. Interment private. Re-
mains at the residence of C. F. Curry. 317
Oak street. - •-,•■■ '•■,■. • " : - .-.-■■ ■■'
TIERNEY— In this city, November . 14, IS9S,
Walter Joseph, dearly beloved son of Thomas
and Margaret Tierney, and brother of Mag-
gle and Amelia Tierney., Mrs. M. Thompson
and Mrs. K. Van Someren, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 months and 14 days. .
tCT Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from herparents .
residence. CO9 Union street, nfar Stockton.
I""""" H: l "B'"M l cA < vbY. Manager. I
mcAVOY <ft CO., "- 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMBALMERB |
1236 Market st. between Bth and 9th. I
Telephone. [ South 247. |M|N|||| f
H. 'F../VVAASS,;
Undertaker and I mbnlmer*.
Everything Requisite for First-Class Funer_i
at Reasonable Ratea.-
Telephone South 273. 917 Ml.----!pn Street
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., •
(Successors : to Flanagan _ Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL—ERS.
* 20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln bchool.
 Telephone South 80. * - > -■ "
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
1112
ATTEMPTED TO
ASSASSINATE
A SERGEANT
John Nixon Is Made
a Special Target.
MISSED HIM BUT SIX INCHES
JAMES WATSON SUSPECTED AND
ARBESTED.
His Gun Had Been Fired Recently
and Contained a Loaded Car
tridge — He Denies His
Guilt.
A disgruntled private of Battery I of
the Third T'nited States Artillery, sta
tioned at Fort Point, attempted to as
sassinate John Nixon, the first sergeant
of the battery, shortly before 10 o'clock
Monday night- The weapon used wa*
one of the Krag-Jorgensen rifles, with
•which the men of the battery are armed,
and the bullet passed -within six inches of
Sergeant Nixon, tho intended mark.
Nixon was fitting at his desk writing,
■when he was startled by the report of a
gun and the crash of a bullet striking
a chest of clothing beside him. He im
mediately ran from the tent, but in the
darkness could not see the marksman.
The call to arms was sounded twice %om
the guard tent as as the shot was
heard, and the entire battery fell Into
line. Sergeant Nixon reported the occur
ence to Lieutenant William Forse. who
la^ln temporary command of the battery,
and on his order all the arms were
stacked and placed under a heavy guard.
Captain Diens, the commander of the
battery, who is on detached duty rmis
tering out the Sixth California Regiment,
was notified of the shooting yesterday
morning and returned to his command.
He. with Lieutenant Forse and Sergeant
Nixon, made a careful examination of the
Ifuns and found two which bore the ap
pearance of having been fired recently.
One of these contained a loaded cartridge
and belongs to Private James Watson and
the other to Private Lewis. Both men
claimed that they had fired their guns
on Sunday. Lewis was able to prove his
assertion, but Watson was unable to bring
satisfactory evidence as to his statement,
and was locked up in the guard house
pending an investigation of the case.
The powder remaining in the barrel of
the gun belonging to Lewis, which is
known to have been discharged on Sun
day, had rusted the barrel slightly and
■was of a brownish color, but that in Wat
son's gun was still black, as if it had
been fired but a short time. This Is the
•only evidence which has been found
against Watson, and he protests his in
nocence.
Sergeant Nixon is at a loss to know
why Watson or any one else In the bat
tery should wish to kill him.
"I never had any trouble with Watson,"
said the sergeant, "and always considered
him one of the best friends I had among
the men in the battery. It is true that
I was obliged to place him under arrest
several times for being drunk and dis
orderly, hut he always took it in good
part, seeming to realize that I was only
obeying orders. In not a few cases the
men whom I have had occasion to arrest
have grumbled at me, but of all the times
Watson has been in the guard house he
never made a complaint of my actions
toward him. The position of "first ser
geant is not an enviable one by any
means, as the men often think that when
I place them under arrest it is of my own
volition instead of on account of orders
I have received; but I didn't think any
man under me had such a hatred of me
that he would wish to kill me."
Some of Nixon's friends say that he Is
very popular among the men, but others
In the regiment claim that he is univer
sally disliked. Among the soldiers of the
Sixth California, which is encamped near
Battery 1, the report is that Nixon is
very hard on the men under him, and
they attribute it to the fact that he has
been in the regular army so long and a
first sergeant for so many years that he
has come to think himself the "whole
thing." There is a rumor among the men
employed on the works at Port Point
and among the soldiers of the Sixth that
Nixon had had trouble with W r atson on
the evening of the shooting. This rumor
Is that Watson had a lady friend visit-
Ing him and Dixon hearing of it, ordered
her out of the camp.
The bullet intended for Nixon was fired
from a distance of about fifty yards. It
passed through the bedding of* the ser
geant's cot, struck the leg of an over
turned stool about six inches behind
Nixon, penetrated a chest and the cloth-
Ing in it, and lodged in a sack of woolen
underclothing. The sergeant attributes
his escape to the fact that the would-be
assassin aimed at his shadow. Nixon
•was sitting at one corner of his desk
Instead of directly in front of it. The
man with the gun probably supposed that
the sergeant was in front of the desk and
directly between him and the light, so
aimed at the shadow, which, from the
position in which he stood, was half a
foot west of Nixon.
Sergeant Nixon visited police headquar
AD"V ERTISEMENTS.
(plain talklo
! WOMEN ON
i "AVOIDED SUBJECTS."
(First American translation from the twenty-seyenth
I French edition by Professor Declat, Paris.)
♦
j IT EXPLAINS— What Every Woman Should
Know; What Every Woman Should Read.
lIT EXPLAINS— The Mysteries of Life; How to
Mate Well; Be Happy in Marriage, and Have
♦ Healthy Children.
IIT EXPLAINS— The True Reasons of Deser-
♦ tions, Divorces, Elopements.
Circulation in France during 1897, THREE MIL-
LION COPIES. It is only intended to reach the hands
♦ of the women who have a right to know the truth of
j SEXUAL AND SOCIAL SCIENCE. It will not under
t any circumstances be permitted to gratify a depraved
♦ imagination. The subject is a purely practical one, about
which there need be neither mystery nor exaggeration,
♦ consequently IT IS NOT FOR SALE IN ANY BOOK-
♦ STORES. Popular edition can be secured by calling^: our
j office or sending 25 cents. Will be sent in plain envelope.
DR. ROUXEL, 323 Kearny Street.
« nni'DC — 10 to 4 and 7toBP. M. 6an Pranclsco.
« nUIiAJ— jEundays, 11 to 12.
ters last night and reported to Chief Lees
that Fred W. Olsen, a private of Battery
I, had been missing since last Friday. A
description of the missing man was given
to the police and if found Nixon believes
he may be able to throw some light on
the matter, though just why he believes
so he would not state. Nixon denies that
he had trouble with Olsen and says he
believes he has deserted, but is still inthe
city. The sergeant is of the opinion that
two men were implicated in the attempt
on his life, but can give no reasons for
his belief.
A WEEK'S PEACE JUBILEE.
Entertainment at Grace Methodist
Church on Twenty-First Street.
The parlors of Grace Methodist Church
on Capp and Twenty-first streets will be
occupied during the present week by the
ladies of the congregation and their num
erous friends for the holding of a peace
jubilee. In order to make the entertain
ment as attractive as possible hot dinners
will be served each evening between the
hours of 5:30 and 7:30. for the moderate
price of 25 cents. After dinner the pro
gramme will be varied with social at
tractions. A great assortment of novel
articles, holiday presents, winter supplies
and many other useful as well as orna
mental selections will be offered for sale.
The entertainment last evening was for
the benefit of the Church Extension So
ciety, w-hich held its twelfth annual tea
reception and reunion.
The use of the church parlors was
cheerfully accorded by the jubilee com
mitee to the society for this occasion.
The popularity of both entertainments
had the effect of filling every nook and
corner of the edifice.
The object of this extension society is:
To seek out new places for missionary
work in this city; to establish Sunday
schools and preaching places; also to re
lieve overburdened churches, and to assist
missionaries who may be appointed by
the authority of the California Annual
Conference of the Methodist Episcopal
Church.
The trustees of the society are: Charles
Goodall, William Abbott, C. S. Holmes,
W P. Higginbotham, I. J. Truman C. 13.
Perkins, R. V. Watt, J. W. Whiting.
Andrew Nelson, Robert McElroy.
J. W. Wetmore. Permanent offi
cers, who are annually elected:
Honorary president, Hon. Charles Good
all; Honorary vice presidents. Bishop J.
P. Newman, LL. D.. W. W. Case, D. D.,
Hon. Annis Merrill, C. S. Holmes; presi
dent, I. J. Truman; vice presidents, Wil
liam Abbott, J. W. Whiting, R. V. Watt,
C. B. Perkins; treasurer. Columbian
Banking Co.; financial secretary, C. A.
Maydwell; secretary, William M. Abbott.
MINERS MEET TO
ELECT OFFICERS
DELEGATES TO THE STATE CON
VENTION ALSO CHOSEN.
Julian Sonntag Elected President of
the ban Francisco County
Association.
Julian Sonntag was elected president of
the San Francisco County Miners' Asso
ciation at the annual meeting held at the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday after
noon. T. J. Parson was placed in nomin
ation for another term, Mr. Sonntag ex
pressing the sentiment that a change was
not desirable, as Mr. Parsons had admin
istered the affairs of the office in an ac-
ceptable manner.
On account of failing health and busi
ness exactions Mr. Parsons was con
strained to decline the honor of further
service as president. Thereupon Charles
G. Tale suggested Mr. Sonntag for the
presidency and the latter was elected by
acclamation. In accepting the duties of
the position the new president expressed
pleasure in seeing so many members at
the meeting. He predicted a great State
Convention of Miners at Native Sons'
Hall next week. Speaking of a recent
visit to Nevada City he said he was as
sured that Nevada County would send
eighty delegates. Information had been
received that Amador County would send
forty delegates; El Dorado, thirty; Butte,
eight; Santa Clara, 5, and that there
would be full representation by Placer
County.
In accordance with custom the chair
named a committee of five to recommend
vice-president, secretary-treasurer and
delegates to the State convention. The
committee, consisting of Lou!s Glass. W.
C. Ralston, Daniel Wilson, Nlles Searls
and J. F. Halloran withdrew for confer
ence and the convention took a recess.
The committee in due time reported,
recommending for vice president. J. F.
Halloran, and for secretary and treasurer,
Charles G. Yale. The convention elected
the officers so recommended.
The following delegates to the State
convention were recommended and
chosen:
W. W. Montague, Nlles Searls, J. F. Hal
loran Louis Glass, E. A. Rlx, P. J. Hendy, B.
T. Lacy, A. T. Scott, George E. Dow, W. G.
Dodd. A. J. KaJston, P. Mooney. H. J. Lally.
W. C. Ralston, John Martin. A. S. Cooper, T.
J. Parsons, Edward Coleman, Dr. E. Lichean.
R. R. Grayson, D. E. Hayes, John C. Coleman,
C. W. Cross, Georjre Stone, Henry R. Taylor.
P. George Gow, Hugh Craig. John Berming
ham, E. A. Belcher, Julius Sonnta*, Charles G.
Yale, George C. Sargent, A. Carrigan and T.
J. Barbour.
President Sonntag gave notice that he
would announce the new directors to-day.
The convention then adjourned.
Buy wallpaper & window :had»3 at Clark's,
653 Market. Country order" ollctted. •
Didn't Steal the House.
Mamie Sryce and Katie Cliffe, two
young women, were the guests of George
Barnabee, S64V£ Howard street, Sunday
night, and after partaking liberally of his
hospitality they left, as Barnabee had to
go to his work. They returned to the
house and stole the carpet and other ar
ticles, leaving only the bedstead and bu
reau in the room. Yesterday Barnabee
told his woes to Policeman W. J. Smith,
and he arrested the two young women on
a charge of petty larceny.
THE SAy FRANCISCO CAJLL,, WEDNESDAY, yOTEMBEB 16, 1898.
LEE ON'S DIRT
BROUGHT RUIN
He Made Cigars Midst Unutterable Filth
and Inspectors Dockery and Davis
Closed His Shop.
Mr. Lee On, of 1114 Dupont street, a
maker of cigars of questionable ante
cedents and dubious quality, has, per
force, sur-pended, business and the Health
Department has padlocked his doors
against him until such time as he may
prevail upon his landlord to put his filthy
hovel in a fairly sanitary condition.
Lee On's factory has been under the eye
of the Health Department ever since the
crusade was begun against the reeking
dens in Chinatown. Cigar Inspector B.
R. Porter reported that the place should
be condemned six months ago, and from
time to time since the wily On has been
warned to shut up or clean up, with the
result that he has done neither the one
nor the other in good Celestial fashion.
On Monday Inspector Dockery gave him
notice to quit by next day — and he didn't.
Instead, he met Dockery and Inspector
JUGGLED WITH
THE LINCOLN
SCHOOL LEASE
Original Holders Were
Deceived.
STATEMENT OF JOHN GRANT
AMPLE EVIDENCE OF A JOB TO
SHUT THEM OUT.
Waller Ordered Secretary Welsh Not
to Receive the Rental From
the Former Lessees of
the Property.
Certain members of the Board of Edu
cation are whistling shrilly though some
what discordantly nowadays, said mu
siaal endeavors being for the sole pur
pose of keeping their courage above the
freezing point.
Somehow, they poom to have a premo
nition that they "are up against it."
John Grant, the well-known real estate
dealer and capitalist, ia the latest to shed
light upon the unsavory lease of the Lin
coln school property. Mr. Grant was the
original lessee of the lot at the corner of
Fifth and Market streets. He says he
firmly believes the charges made by John
P. Reynolds are absolutely correct. .
Last night, Mr. Grant related in detail
.his connection with the lease, 'and his
statement substantiates in every partic
ular that made by Edward McGrath, an
other of the original lessees and published
in yesterdays Call. Mr. Grant is a
methodical business man nd has- care
fully kept ail the - ■ ers and documents
relating to the lease, even to a copy of
the old Evening Examiner of June 15,
1874, which contiiinr- the advertisement for
bids for the original lease. -
"Although bids we're advertised for in
I June, 1574," said Mr. Grant, "it was not
| until early in the following "ear that the
I lease was formally signed. This was
j owing to some hitch over bids for four
lof the lots. In Anril, 1875. I began the
erection of the building that still. stands
at the southeast corner of Fifth and Mar
ket streets,- which .cost me $38 000 to put
| up. I excavated for basement under the
j entire building out to the outer line of the
sidewalk, put in a hrick bulkhead "and
foundations so substantial that they are
ready to-day to bear the weight of a-mod
ern sky-scraper.. ; .' . . : : • , . t- ;
"Under the terms of the'leaselpaid $4
i a front foot for the first five years/ $6 the
j second five, $8 the third and $12 for the
I fourth term of five years. You will see
that in the advertisement calling for bids
I it expressly states, that all improvements
belonged to the lessees, and it provides
that unless such improvements are re
moved within thirty days after the ex
piration of the lease they shall become the
property of the city; unless an extension
of time for such removal shall be granted.
! The lessees were given until September,
1875, before they commenced to pay rent,
the Intervening time being granted for the
construction of buildings arid putting \the
property in condition to produce revenue.
"From that time until 18S2 the lessees
paid no taxes, it being hfld tbnt th"* ofwv.
erty, being owned by the city, the im
provements on It ac well as me propftity
itself were exempt from taxation. In the
latter year, however, the city brought suit
against the lessees to compel the payment
of taxes as on the improvements. Judge
Hunt of the Superior Court rendered judg
ment favor of the city, whereupon tne
lessees appealed to the Supreme; Court.
1 That tribunal sustained the lower court,
I and in the opinion handed down it - dls-
I tinctly' stated that the improvements, be
ing owned". by the lessees, they were liable
j to taxation. ■■.■■; •••■•■_■
"Since that time the lessees have paid
taxes regularly, and I have all my re
ceiDts for taxes on the . building I j put lup
* - - ' - ■ . ■'■.■'*.■■-.■.<-.
Ben Davis when they turned up yester
day afternoon with a request for more
time. Dockery jingled a pocket full of
padlocks and said "to-day" and the
Chinese gave way to the officers and
newspaper men for a final investigation of
the premises.
On's factory consists of a low ceiled, vile
smellingroom not much bigger than nor so
inviting as a City Prison cell. In this
room half a dozen wrappers have been
wont to work, eat, sleep, cook opium and
scuff the tobacco that goes into their Du
pont-street Havanas under their bare
feet on the floor. A low, dark passage
leads to a kitchen that hasn't its equal
for filth in anything that Dockery ever
tackled. There was an opium cooking
layout on the greasy, smelling range and
In one corner sat a Chinese apprentice
dipping tobacco in an equally filthy sink.
The rafters and joints dripped with
grease and dirt and the whole place
reeked with smells that left nothing to
and supposed I owned. I will also say
that the lessees paid for all the repairs to
their buildings, and I do not believe t..e
city ever spent $1 for repairs on any or
the property until the original lessees sur
rendered their leases, notwithstanding trie
assertion is made now in support of the
present lease that the city was ooliged
to keep the buildings in repair. I put in
the elevator that is still in place in my
building, and the city did not even keep
the sidewalks in repair, that expense fall
ing on the lessees.
•'ln 1595. upon the expiration of our
original lease, we sought to enter into a
new lease, but the matter was held in
abeyance and we were told we could con
tinue in possession from month to month
under the old terms. Some of the lessees
gave notice that they would remove their
buildings at once, and the city began suit
to prevent such a step. Judge Seawell
decided that the buildings belonged to the
lessees and the city immediately appeal-
Ito the Supreme Court. That body,
getful of a decision it rendered in IS*2.
c-rsed itself and Judge Seawell and
re the buildings to the city. That was
October, 1897. Prior to that time we
i remained in undisturbed possession
the premises and members of the pres
ent Board of Education had repeatedly
assured us that if the decision was
against us we would be given every op
portunity to renew our leases.
"Director Waller was one of those I
saw personally. I had known hi*
father for many years and it was through
him that I met' Sam. The latter was
most cordial and promised me on several
occasions that it would be all right.
After the Supreme Court decision Mc-
Cormack, MeGrath and myself called
upon Director Burns, that being the In
terview described by Mr. MeGrath in The
Call, in which Burns induced us by
smooth words and soft promises to sur
render all claim to the buildings.
Mr. Grant produced the following copy
of the release, the original being signed
by the lessees:
To the Board of Kducatlon of the City and
County of San Francisco: The undersigned
hereby admits the ownership of your honorable
hoard of the Improvements now standins upon
the portion of the Bchool lot on the corner of
Market and Fifth streets in the City and
county oi San Francisco, occupied by the un
d- rMpned, or his tenant*.
Continuing.^ Mr. Grant said: "That
ended our possession of the premises. On
the second of the following month, No
vember, I sent my agent out to the City
Hall with the money to pay the ground
rent, but Secretary Welsh of the Board of
Education refused to accept it, saying
that he had been instructed by Waller not
to take it. I immediately called on jai
ler at his store. He received me cordial y
and sat down beside me. W hen I told
him of Welsh's action he jumped up. and
with the remark that I would have to
see A. J. Rich about it, turned and walked
away without another word.
"I was convinced then that it was all
cut and dried to shut us out of the prop
erty and my conviction wan strengthened
when 1 read the proposal for bids for the
new lease. It was so incoherent that one
could not make head or tail of it, while
the conditions imposed were so conflict
ing that nobody could live up to them.
The lessees held a conference, but it was
too late to take concerted action. How
ever, 1 had my bid prepared and a certi
fied check for $f>o<)o on the Bank of Cali
fornia ready. My lawyer had also pre
pared a protest against the wording or
the proposal, and asking that a new nro
posal be advertised for. Director Armer
was given this protest, and at the meet
ing of the board on December 8, 1897, when
final action was to be taken, he an
nounced that he had a protest and asked
that it be read. Waller jumped up and
moved that the board proceed to open
bids, the motion being carried. I saw
that the board did not intend to give us
any show whatever, so I did not send in
my bid at all.
"That is my knowledge of the awarding
of the new lease, and it is not surprising
that I place full credence in Mr. Rey
nolds' charges against the board."
Director Bantel denies that he was one
of the members who were banded together
to secure the lease for the San Francisco
Company, as alleged in Reynolds' com
plaint. Mr. Bantel asserts, and his as
sertion is borne out by the minutes of the
board, that he opposed the award of the
lease and fought it from first to last.
E. C. Kilpatrick, the expert employed
by the Grand Jury to investigate the af
fairs of the Board of Education, is pre
paring a detailed "statement of the
finances of the board since it has been in
oilice.
Bare Antiques.
Never in this city has the exhibit of
Persian and Turkish rugs surpassed that
which at 2 p. m. to-day will be offered at
auction by Kaston. Eldridge & Co., at 125
Geary street. It is the collection of Mr.
Courian, who is well known as the im
porter of only the finest and rarest rugs.
The entire collection will be closed out.
One Sine rug particularly will excjte
much Interest as It la valued at 110.000. ♦
I the imagination. Crowded below stairs
in cramped quarters of no greater clean
were found Mrs. On and three little
Ona working with a helper at bushellng
the clothes of neighboring merchants.
Cigars were everywhere. There were
thousands of "Belle Rose" caballeros with
tho firm name of Marks, Yeonberg & Co.
prominently on the box, with a warning
; to beware of imitations. And there were
other brands without number.
Dockery found the crew still at work
when he got. back up stairs, and though
Lee On demurred, the inspector was ob
durate; the greasy helper? were forced
out to other shelters, padlocks were fas
tened to all the doors and On was per
mitted to remain for the present in the
noisome cellar with his family and his
multitudinous smells.
He has promised to have his factory
in sanitary condition in ten days, and
three deputies from the Health Depart
ment will stay by to see that he does It.
MALICE SPED
THE BULLET
SAYS BERG
The Second Shot Was
Fired at Mrs. Elk.
INJURED MAN MAY RECOVER
NO LIGHT AS YET THROWN ON
THE BROOKS MURDER.
Mrs. Elk Visits Her Husband and
Then Calls Upon His Victim.
District Attorney Marti
nelli Criticized.
Nick Berg, the wounded boatkeeper,
who was shot by Ike Elk, now has a
fighting chance to recover, according to
Dr. Arthur H. Mays. Ever since he was
wounded Berg has been cheerful, and did
not think he would die. Yesterday after
noon he consented to talk to a reporter.
"I want to contradict some of the things
I am reported to have said," he declared.
"In the first place I have hitherto said
not a single word to any newspaperman
and Dr. Mays has refused to let any of.
them in to see me.
"I started for the Chispa from Captain
Roberts' yacht at Tiburon about 7 o'clock.
I met a fisherman near the Chispa and
I he told me that Klk and his wife were
both on board the yacht. When I went on
board I knocked on the cabin door and
c:illed 'Ike! Ike! Let me in.' The only
response I got was a grunt and then I
went to the hatchway and removed it.
This talk of my breaking the hatchway
is all nonsense. It wag loose and I sim
ply lifted it off. As the cover came off a
shot rant? out and 1 felt a pain in my
breast. Then there was another shot,
and pretty soon Klk and his wife came
out. He was fully dressed but she was in
her night clothing.
"I asked Elk what he shot me for and
ho made no answer. Then Mrs. Elk made
him take a boat and row me to shore. AYe
left him and walked up to tind Dr. Crump
ton. On the way she told me that Ike
recognized my voice and would not let
her open the door or even answer.
"As regards the Brooks murder I know
nothing of it, and, so far as my knowl
edge extends, I don't think Ike does. He
shot me out of pure jealousy and for no
other reason. I was on the yacht with
him and his wife last Thursday and he :
was in a good humor them.
'About two weeks ago he tried to kill
me out of Jealousy, and 1 stopped him.
Mrs. Elk teils me that the second shot >
Elk fired was at her and not at me. When
he reached town that night he remarked
to some acquaintances that he had in- :
tended to shoot me for a long time and
had finally succeeded."
"How do you account for the fact that j
three chambers of the revolver you were !
3hot with had been discharged previous
ly?" he was asked.
■'Well. I don't remember how many !
were, discharged, but 1 had been in the 1
habit of taking shots at sralions now and '
then. Elk shot me with full intent. He
knew who I was. The Brooks murder had
nothing to do with it at all."
At this juncture Berg grew weak from
his exertion and his attendant would not i
permit him to say anything more.
The indifference of District Attorney
Martinelli of Marin County in this case
is the subject of severe criticism by the
citizens of that county. Martinelli de
clared yesterday that he had not taken
any statement from Berg or Elk and fur
thermore he did not intend to make any
attempt to elicit any information on this
case or the Brooks murder from either ol
them. He said he was satisfied neither
would talk, so he made no move. His
apathy is attributed to the fact that he
goes out of office on January 1.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NOVELTY SILKS
...AND...
DRESS FABRICS,
NEW GOODS.
NEW FANCY SILKS, for Waists, In Stripes and Dots, all the
latest shades,
$1.00 Yard.
NEW BLACK AND WHITE SILKS, In Figured, Plaids and
Stripes, an elegant assortment,
$1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Yard.
NEW ENGLISH TAILOR SUITINGS, 46 Inches wide, both
Granites and Meltons, in Grays, Browns, Blues,
Greens and Tans,
$1.25 Yard.
NEW FRENCH PIREOLAS, assorted styles, full 46 Inches
wide, In Red and Black, Olive and Black, Blue and
Black, and Green and Black,
n $1.75 Yard.
7VOTH.
We have also received this week a full assortment of
NEW FUR TRIMMINGS, In Beaver, Mink, Otter, Opossum,
Chinchilla, Astrakhan and Persian Lamb.
HI. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
WRIGHT WILL
BE SPEAKER OF
THE ASSEMBLY
His Candidacy Is Well
Received.
FAVORED BY ALL CLASSES
IS PROMISED A PRACTICALLY
UNANIMOUS VOTE.
Friends of L. H. Valentine of Los
Angeles Do Not Believe His
Name Will Be Pre
sented/
Aside from the Senatorial contest the
organization of the Legislature and the
selection of the man who will serve as
Speaker of the Assembly remains the
one topic of interest among politicians
and those actively interested in the
events of the next four or five months.
As to the Speakership, the tide seems
I to be setting strongly in the direction
I of Assemblyman Howard E. Wright of
I Berkeley, whose candidacy was an
! nounced almost two weeks ago. It is
| everywhere recognized and acknowl
\ edged that the coming session of the
! Legislature will be one of the most im
| portant ever held in this State, and
I for this reason, if no other, it is con
ceded that the presiding officer of the
Assembly should be a man who will
I command the confidence and respect
] not only of the members of the Assem-
I bly, but of the people of the entire
| State.
That Mr. Wright is such a man. it
is unnecessary to assert, as his record
as a legislator is above reproach and
his ability to perform in a satisfactory
manner the multitudinous duties of the
position is well known to all. Since
the announcement of his candidacy he
has been the recipient of many assur
ances of support from Assemblymen
elect in all sections of the State, as well
as from prominent men of affairs in
and out of politics. These assurances
are of such a nature and are so numer
ous that there is little doubt that Mr.
Wright will receive practically the
unanimous vote of the Assembly.
The only other candidate for the
Speakership who can, at this time, be
looked upon as strong enough to con
sider his own claims with seriousness
is L. H. Valentine of Los Angeles. Val
entine has announced his candidacy,
but reports received from Los Angeles
and vicinity within the past twenty
four hours indicate that his most inti
mate political friends do not hope to se
cure for him sufficient recognition to
justify them in placing his name before
the Assembly. Aside from Mr. Valen
tine's lack of support, the Republican
members of the Assembly believe that
the place should be given to n member
from some northern county, for the
reason that the Governor comes from
the south, and whatever consideration
southern Republicans are entitled to
WiD receive due recognition at hia
hands.
The Democratic members of the lower
house of the Legislature are taking an
active interest in the contest for the
Speakership, for the reason that un
less a fair minded and thoroughly up
right Speaker is selected by the major
ity the minority will receive little or
no consideration in the matter of pro
posed or pending legislation, or in de
bate. The Democratic vote will be
given to a Democratic member, possN
bly A. Caminetti; but it will be purely
complimentary, there being no possibil
ity of the election of a Democrat to
preside over a body the majority of
the members of which are of the oppo
site political faith.
The public is hereby informed that Eu
gene Rosenthal and nurse have not been
connected with the Red Cross of Califor
nia later than September 22. Mrs. W. B.
Harrington, President California Red
Cross State Association.
Suit Ag-ainst the Tiburon.
Assistant United States District Attor
ney Schlesinger filed suit yesterday in the
United States District Court against the
steamer Tiburon to collect a penalty of
$200 for failing to signal the United States
revenue cutter Rush while passing 1 that
vessel on the bay.
APVEKTISEMENTS.
iFor ~|
t Nervous j
| Folks |
i
! I There is no cure on p
I earth to equal the p
| Keeley Treatment p
I for extreme nerv- p
! ousness. This treat- g
j mentwill be dcliv- p
■ ered to ladies in p
( a their homes. Its ef- p
j fects are absolute in p
| ■ cases of nervous p
I i prostration. p
m Send for printed matter that tells B
' all about It- 2|
]■ THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, P
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, V
( 1173 Market Street San Francisco, M
' Donohoe Building. jf
SLankershim Building, cor. Third ]
3 and Spring Sts., Los Angeles. C
B Fred A. Potlock, .Manager. H
HORSE
CLIPPERS
We can give you the very best
Power and Hand Horse-Clipping
§ Machines of all kinds..
At nominal figures.
CUPPERS GROUND AND REPAIRED.
WILL & FINCK CO.,
818-820 MARKET ST.