VOLUME LXXXIV.-^O. 15.
ARE PLUCKILY FIGHTING BIG ODDS
DESPERATE
PLIGHT OF
MARINES
Little Band atGuantanamo
Repulses Continued
AttacKs.
Two Americans Killed, aod F our
Wouoded in a pigbt on
Sunday Night.
Oopyrl«bted. 1898, by th« A»»ocl*t«d Pret*.
CAMP OF THE UNITED
STATES MARINES, OUTER HAR
BOR OF GUANTANAMO, Monday,
June 13 (noon), by the Associated
Press dispatch boat Wanda, via
Kingston, Jamaica, June 14.— After
two nights of hard fighting the
American flag still floats over Cuban
soil on the encampment of the ma L
rine battalion and our boys say they
will keep it there until the belated
troops arrive, if it takes until winter.
Thus far the marines have
had the best of the fighting,
but the situation is grave
and theyareexhausted from
repelling almost incessant
attacks. They have little
chance to rest or sleep and
the timeof the arrival of the
relieving troops is uncertain.
Were it not for the guns of
the fleet the gallant little
band would be annihilated
by the Spanish troops in
overpowering numbers from
Santiago de Cuba. As it is
they orobably can hold their
position, but they cannot
move forward until re-en-
forced by troops.
What first, with the white tents
on a bold eminence against the
tropic background, looked like a
holiday camp i 9 now grim reality.
The tents have been struck and
rolled into breastworks, supple
mented by trenches around the
crest of the hilL The spot is lam
entably exposed, on ground,
while surrounding it on all sides
is heavy brush. The least move
ment in camp is the signal for
instant target practice upon the
part of the Spanish sharpshoot
ers, whose rifles carry much fur*
ther than ours, though their own
ers rarely hit anything they aim
at.
It is impossible to accurately
estimate the Spanish attacking
force, but it is numerous enough.
About two-thirds of this force
surrounds the camp nightly,
while the deadly ring and spat
ting of the Mausers make things
quite lively, for the Spaniards are
daring enough to crawl up and
take a pop at the marines from
the bushes about thirty yards
from the camp. At night the be
siegers fight like Indians, and
our old Apache fighters would
feel in their element. Every yard
of chaparral is an ambuscade, and
picket duty is flipping coins with
death.
After the first attack on Satur
day night Colonel Huntinefton
decided that another attempt
The San Francisco Call
1 would be made on Sunday night,
i and he caused entrenchments to
be thrown up on all sides of the
THE SECOND EXPEDITION OE TROOPS MARCHING TO THE SHIPS.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1898.
FELL FIGHTING FOR THE FLAG.
CAMP OF THE MARINES, Guantanaroo, June 13.— Two
Americans were Killed and four wounded or injured in a second
attacK by Spaniards last nigt)t. The dead are:
SERGEANT MAJOR HENRY GOODE, of the marines, shot
through; the rigrjt breast.
PRIVATE TAUMAN, wounded and fell off the cliff and was
instantly Killed.
Tl)e injured are:
PRIVATE WALLACE, fell off the cliff and sustained a fracture
of the leg.
PRIVATE MARTIN, shot through) the left leg.
PRIVATE ROXBURY, shot through th>e am).
PRIVATE BURKE, shot through tt)e am).
Of trjese n)en all but Private BurKe were roembers of Con>
pany B.
camp.
In the trenches the main
partofthe battalion lastnight
waited for the attack that
the Colonel was certain
would come. It arrived in a
short time after dark, and
from that time until day
break the firing was inces
sant and at times very
heavy. On the American
side two men were killed
and four wounded.
The first attack of the Span
iards was made at 8 o'clock, and
the last shot was fired by them at
about 3 o'clock in the morning.
During the night the Spanish at-
tacked the camp of the marines
on the shore, and the Marble
head, believing 1 the Americans
had been driven out, threw out
several shells into the place. The
attack, however, was repulsed by
the small detachment of marines
in camp without trouble. The
shells of the Marblehead struck
among the marines.
The fight was the First of
the war in which the Cubans
co-operated with the Ameri
can Forces, and their co-op
eration was not a glittering
success. At one time during
the aFternoon whenever the
marines were firing on a
small detachment oF Span
iards that made their ap
pearance a short distance
From the camp the Cubans
began Firing without orders
and sent a volley right
amongthe Americans. There
were several narrow es
capes, but no one was in
jured.
Lieutenant Neville of Com
pany D was sent out on scout
duty, and, as on the day previous,
he attacked a small stone fort. A
hot fight folio-wed", andTlie Span
iards were driven off with loss.
It was during this fight that Wal
lace and Tauman fell over the
cliff.
FiFteen dead Spaniards,
including, one lieutenant
were Found in the Fort.
During the attack several
shots struck the ships in the har
bor, penetrating the pilot-house
of the Associated Press dispatch
boat Dandy. No one was in
jured on board of her, however.
The Dolphin this morning lo
cated the Spanish water station
on the ocean side of the harbor
entrance, which supplied the
water for the attacking force.
The well was situated in a block
house windmill, having a small
garrison. It was shelled at 2000
yards.
The station was wrecked, and
canister followed the retreating
Spaniards up the steep ravine. ;
! Each shell disclosed the spot ;
! where it alighted by raising a
cloud of dust. They were all well
1 placed.
The arrival of the fleet this af
ternoon to complete the bom
bardment of the town and its de
fenses is expected.
SHIPS IN
THE STREAM
AND READY
The Fleet Only Awaits the
Signal prom Merritt
to Sail.
Brave Troops in Marching
Columr) Cheered prom the
Camp to the Transports.
By Alice Rix.
Four thousand men went yesterday
to the wars. At break of day the re
veille woke Camp Merritt to speed the
parting brave. Tents fell to the rising
of the sun, men gathered early to the
last mess, camps broke, the bugle call
ed, the flag floated, the. band played
and the men of the Eighteenth and
Twenty-third Regulars, the First Regi
ment of Colorado Volunteers, the Tenth
Pennsylvania, the First Nebraska and
the Utah Light Artillery shook the
sand of the Richmond district lightly
from their heels and set their faces to
the water front.
They went by different ways to dif
ferent ships, and scattered the march
over the day. A detachment of the
Utnhs led to the Pacific Mail dock,
where the Colon and China were ly
ing, followed by the two battalions of
Regulars, the Colorado and the Utah
Light Artillery. They marched along
First avenue to Point Lobos road, down
Post to Stockton, down Market to
Third and across Brannan to the dock,
dropping B of the Utahs at Market and
Third to make Its way down Market
and over East to the Zealandia at the
Pacific dock. An hour later the Penn
sylvanias came down Market street at
a quickstep on their way to the Zea
landia. As late as five in the afternoon
the Nebraskas turned into East street
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
on their way to the Senator at th«
Broadway dork.
The city gathered to a civil leave-tak
ing of these men. The streets were
crowded' for th-'ir passing, the docks
were crowded for th.-ir waiting. Flagg
waved for them, cheers rang, godspeeds
were given and a few t«;irs shed. But
the flags ajid the cheers were for the
cause, the godspeeds were for the cour
age, the tears were tears of sentiment.
No woman cast herself out of the crowd
yesterday to hold her first horn, or her
last— and who shall say which Is the
dearer?— to her breast; no man seized
the hand of his son and gripped It hard
in that silence which between men
means more than words; no wife clung
■weeping to her husband; no father
took tender leave of his children: no
sweet girl saw love's young dream go
far from her to the wars. There were
no last words, no last looks, no sad,
courage, none of the passion and pain,
of parting. These were our stranger
brothers; we have already taken leave
of our own.
That vivid personal interest In the
patriot -which "shook" California to her
soul on the 23d of May, sobbed beneath
her cheers, wept behind her smiles,
made tragedy of her pride and mourn
ing of her decorations — did not wake to
the 14th of June. Such days must wait
on wars. They do not come twice In
the calendar of one generation.
Native sons and brothers who have
enlisted with the Eighteenth and Twen
ty-third carried the larger crowd to the
Pacific Mail dock, where it was merci
lessly barred out by official order and
lingered despondent by the grates. The
troops were aboard the China and Colon
as early as nine o'clock, and their am
munition and stores were not more
than an hour behind them, but the or
der to move out into the stream loitered
on the way, and the men, served with
the last meal for the day, sat them,
down to chafe at the delay.
At the Oceanic dock matters has
tened slowly. All day long the hug*
WILL SAIL THIS FORENOON.
Orders Given to the Four Transports
to Be Ready to Sail at 11:30
O'ClocK.
General Green, commanding the
second expedition to the Philippines,
gave orders last night to the cap
tains of the four troopships that
will carry the troops across the
Pacific to be prepared to hoist anchor
and sail at 11:30 a. m. to-day. It is
believed that the four vessels will get
under way before noon, in view of
the orders.
equipment wagons rolled down the dock
and baggage was rushed up and on
board as soon as it arrived amid curses
against the quartermaster department^
U. S. A., which had failed to supply
sufficient trucks for transportation and
was widely accused of never having
trucks ready when they are wanted-
The men lunched on coffee and sand
wiches passed around by a delegation
from the Red Cross and turned In for
rest after the march. They needed it
sorely, for the day was muggy, the
equipment and uniform heavy. A few
officers got at once into the mufti of
the tropics — linen uniforms, gay with
blue and gold. Indian helmets and
white gloves. The men stripped off their
coats, rolled the sleeves of their teasing
woolen shirts from newly vaccinated
arms and stretched themselves out on
the Turner beds on the "banana deck"
or aft In the ordinary steerage, as
they happened to be placed. There wai
a scuffle for the steerage, which seemed
to be generally favored, but the "ba
nana deck" is by no means so black
as It's painted. The men squeezed down
to it through the narrow hatchway,
one by one, trailing their guns after
them, feeling their way gingerly along
the dark passages, grumbling or laugh
ing, according to the heart that is ia
them for the fortunes of war, stum
bling cm the unaccustomed way, com
ing out suddenly on the network of
iron three-deckers known as the Tur
ner beds, of which there are 472 swung
on the banana deck of the Zealandia.
They are schemed to slide and fold one
upon the other to form a sort of settee,
cushioned by the mattresses and fairly
comfortable in this climate, however
they 'may be in the tropics.
Overhead great square pipes conduct
a current of cold air constantly cir
Continual on Klf Pas*.2
FIGHTING IN
THE VICINITY
OF SANTIAGO
Our Warships Again Open
Fire on Morro and So
capa Batteries.
Insurgents Repulsed With Loss
in an Attempt to Enter
Matanzas Province.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, June 14.— The American
fleet last night approached the channel
at Santiago when a battery fired five
Bhots, which one of the ships returned
with two shots, when the Americans
withdrew. Again at daybi ak to-day
two cruisers of the fleet opened fire on
the battery, when the other ships joined
in, firing fifty or sixty shots. Morro
and Socapa batteries returned the fire
for some time, when the ships with
drew. At Socapa battery three soldiers
were slightly wounded.
After burning several houses and pil
laging stores in the town of Comay
agua, the Insurgents under the com
mand of Robert Bermudez and Aguila
attempted to enter Matanzas province,
but ran into a column of Spanish sol
diers, who opened fire on the rebel
forces. In the light which followed the
insurgents lost a captain and a lieuten
ant, who were killed, several were
wounded and ammunition and horses
were lost. The rebels made a hasty re
treat, but were again attacked by Span
ish soldier under the command of Col
onel Mijares, who soon defeated them,
killing ten and seizing five rifles, 2000
cartridges, horses, provisions and
clothing.
From Cienfuegos yesterday what was
supposed to be a merchantman was
sighted about ten miles from shore.
The Spanish gunboat Diego Valesquez
started out to overhaul it. When about
flve miles distant it was discovered that
the supposed merchantman was an
American cruiser, which started tit
ward the Yalesquez, at the same time
opening fire upon it. A Spanish gun
boat, supported by the gunboat Lince,
REWARDS FOR
HOBSON'S MEN
Bravery Substantially
Recognized.
ACTION OF SECRETARY LONG
PROMOTION IS ANNOUNCED IN
EACH CASE.
Hobson Will Be Consulted as to His
Desires and Every Effort
Made to Secure His
Release.
Special Dlspatrh to Tha Call.
NEW YORK, June 14.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Secretary Long to-day formally and
substantially recognized the gallantry
of those who, under command of As
sistant Naval Constructor Hobson,
sunk the collier Merrimac in the mouth
of the harbor at Santiago. No action
has yet been taken with reference to
the promotion of Hobson himself, for
the reason that the department has not
yet had an oportunity of communicat
ing with him to learn what he desires.
Every effort is being made by the de
partment to procure his exchange and
that of the men with him in the San
tiago prison, but nothing definite as a
result of the negotiations has yet oc
curred- As for the men, two of them
were promoted to the warrant rank,
two more to be chief machinists ajid
three appointed chief boatswains'
mates.
The men promoted to the warrant
rank are: D. Montague, chief master
at-arms, who is appointed boatswain;
George C. Carrette, gunner's mate of
the third class, who is made gunner;
G. E. Phillips, machinist of the first
class, was named as chief machinist;
and to F. Kelley, a mate's tender was
given of the same rank.
Cockswain R. Clausen, Cockswain O.
D. Egan and Cockswain J. E. Murphy
were each appointed chief boatswain's
matt*. As chief master-at-arms Monta
gue drew pay at $65 a month. As boat
swain, to which he has been promoted,
be will receive $1300 a year, this includ
ing longevity pay, which his four years'
service in the navy will insure.
Carrette drew $30 a month as gun
ner's mate, third class, and he will also
receive $1300 a year. In addition, each
of the officers will be entitled to room
in the forward steerage and be retired
the same as commissioned officers.
Phillips, as machinist, will be pro
moted from $55 to $75 a month, and
Kelly, as water-tender, from $40 to $70
a month. Clausen, Dignan and Murphy,
cockswains, instead of receiving $30 a
month, will in future receive $50 a
month. Besides these rewards, it is
proposed to give each man $100 and a
medal of honor, to be prepared under
the direction of the department.
DAUGHTERS AS BONDSMEN.
Coloney Finigan Is In Again and Out
. Again.
BAN RAFAEL, June Colonel Peter
A. Finlpan. in company with Attorney" J.
W. Cocnrane, came over from San Fran
cisco to-day and surrendered hlnuielf into
custody on the charge of perjury pre
ferred by his wife- His bail was fixed at
$1500 by Justice Rodden, and was fur
nished by his daughter Maud and D. Ma
buna*. "' ■ "■ '■•■ ;i:: ;■ ■■ '-^J
returned the fire while it put back
toward the shore. After running in a
short distance the American cruiser
veered off and continued on its way.
LOSS OF THE INSURGENTS.
Two Officers and Two Privates Killed
and Nine Wounded.
HAVANA, June 13.— The United
States cruiser Montgomery at about 4
o'clock this afternoon approached
nearer than is usually the case to the
Santa Clara battery and fired three
shots at Punta Grava. The first shot
was fired at 8000 metres and the others
were fired at 9000 metres. The Mont
gomery then resumed her place in the
blockading line. Her projectiles fell
very near the battery. A Spanish bat
tery east of Morro Castle fired one shot
at another American warship.
The advices from Mantanzas Just re
ceived say that on Saturday last 200
insurgents, commanded by Bermudez
and Aguila made an attempt to enter
Comayagua, and succeeded in burn
ing some houses, but the insurgents
were repulsed with loss, including one
captain, Morrison, one lieutenant and
| two privates killed and a sergeant,
] corporal and nine privates wounded.
The Spanish had nineteen men wound
ed. The same force of insurgents was
afterward encountered on Saturday
and Sunday last, and the Spaniards
j claim they dispersed them with a loss
jof twelve killed. The insurgents are
j also reported to have carried away
j many of thtir wounded and to have
i abandoned a quantity of property
I which they looted at Comayagua.
The local guerrilla force of Las Jucas,
i province of Santa Clara, it is officially
j announced, has been engaged with and
dispersed an insurgent force, which left
i eight men killed on the field.
NO LONGER A
DOUBT EXISTS
Cervera's Entire Fleet at
Santiago.
REPORT OF A DARING OFFICER
BARBARITIES OF THE SPANISH
GUERRILLAS.
Kill an Outpost of Four American
Marines at Guanatanamo and
Then Mutilate Their
Bodies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— The
Navy Department to-day posted
the following bulletin:
"MOLE ST. NICHOLAS, June
14. — Lieutenant Blue has just re
turned after a detour of seventy
statute miles of observation of
the harbor of Santiago de Cuba.
He reports that the Spanish fleet
is all there. The Spanish at
tacked vigorously the camp at
Guantanamo. An outpost of four
marines were killed and their
bodies mutilated. Surgeon Gibbs
was killed. SAMPSON."
WASHINGTON, June 14.— The last
| lingering doubt that may have existed
; as to the presence of Cervera's fleet in
its entirety in Santiago harbor was re
! moved when Admiral Sampson's dis
> patch reached the Navy Department
j last night. Up to that time informa
. tion as to the number and character of
i the vessels lying in the harbor, shielded
! from observation by the hills, had been
' obtained through Cuban sources, sup-
I plemented by such glimpses as could
j be obtained by the naval officers from
the outside entrance. Now, however,
according to Lieutenant Blue, the ships
have been actually seen by an Ameri
can officer, counted aod inspected from
points of vantage afforded by the big
hills surrounding the harbor.
The officials here are full of praise for
Lieutenant Blue's achievement. He
has been long known in the navy as
an enterprising and daring young offi
cer, but it required a good deal of sus
tained courage for him to go ashore In
a hostile country and alone make this
peconnaissaoce. He was, in the eye of
! military law, nothing more or less than
■ a spy, and had he been captured by
j the Spaniards he would have been tried
by a drumhead court-martial and ex
ecuted.
DEPOSITORS ARE SECURED,
PHILADELPHIA, June 14.— Receiver
Thomas_W. Barlow_jof_the suspended Peo
ple's~Bank, ha 6 been enabledras"a~result
of receiving a check for over $400,000 from
President James McManer, to make the
very gratifying announcement to the de
positors and creditors of the bank that he
Is now in a position to pay them a divi
dend of 90 per cent and that the remaining
10 per ce:.i will follow In three months.
"With Dewey at Manila," and pio
tures taken from photographs of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, who stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight. — In next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUKE 15, 1898.
BLANCO WILL
NOT YIELD
UP HOBSON
Refuses to Treat With an Ameri
can Captain Ur)der a F' a 9
of Truce.
HAVANA, June 14.— Flying a flag of truce an American gunboat
was sighted this afternoon, and the Spanish gunboat Flecha was sent
out with Lieutenant-Colonel Sebastian Ramos and Lieutenant Jose Rol
den on board. When the Flecha returned two hours later she had on
board Captain Ludlo-w of the American monitor Terror, who had been
delegated by Admiral Sampson to negotiate an exchange of Assistant
Naval Constructor Ho-bson and his six companions belonging to the
Merrimae, who are held in Morro at Santiago.
Captain-General Blanco was informed by Lieutena.nt-Colonel Ramos
of the nature of Captain Ludlow's mission, but he sent back word to
the American that he had no instructions from his Government re
garding the case and could not treat with him. Captain Ludlow re
turned on the Flecha to the American gunboat, which immediately
left port.
BRYAN ON
THE ISSUES
OF THE WAR
His First Public Declaration
Is Made at the Omaha
Exposition.
Urges That the Conflict Is for Hu
manity, Not for Possession of
Territory.
OMAHA, June 14. — The Nebraska
building at the exposition was dedi
cated to-day with appropriate cere
mony amid the plaudits of thousands
of the State's citizens. Governor Hol
comb and staff took part in the exer
cises, along ■with many of the State's
most distinguished residents. The
speakers of the day were Hon. C. J.
Smith*. Hon. W. P. Gurley and Hon.
William J. Bryan.
Mr. Bryan's oration was notable for
his first public declaration or the war
issue. He took high ground on the
question, urging that the war is for hu
manity and not for the extension of
United States territory. In concluding
he said the manifest destiny of this na
tion is not to acquire new realms to
govern, but to carry out the funda
mental principles of democracy, to the
end that equality among citizens may
be secured.
After discussing the resources of Ne
braska, Mr. Bryan made the following
reference to the war and its results:
'"War is harsh; it is attended by
hardship and suffering; it means a vast
expenditure of men and money. We
may well pray for the toming of the
time, promised in the holy writ, when
the spears shajl be beaten into prun
ing hooks and the swords into plow
shares, but universal peace cannot
come until justice is enthroned through
out the worid. Jehovah deals with na
tions as he deals with men. and for
both decrees that the wages of sin is
death. Until the right has .triumphed
in every land and love reigns in every
heart, governments must, as a last re
sort, appeal to force. As long as the
oppressor is deaf to the voice of rea
son, so long must the citizen accustom
his shoulder to the musket and his hand
to the saber.
"Our nation exhausted diplomacy in
its efforts to secure a peaceable solu
tion of the Cuban question, and only
took up arms when it was compelled to
choose between war and servile ac
quiescence to* cruelties which would
have been a disgrace to barbarism.
History will vindicate the position ta
ken by the United States in the war
with Spain. In Baying this I assume
that the principles which were in
voked in the inauguration of the war
would be served in its prosecution and
conclusion. If a contest undertaken
for the sake of humanity degenerates
into a war of conquest we shall find it
difficult to deny the charge of having
added hypocrisy to greed. Is our na
tional character so weak that we can
not withstand the temptation to ap
propriate the first piece of land that
comes within our reach?
"To inflfcit upon the enemy all possi
ble harm is legitimate warfare, but
shall we contemplate a scheme for the
colonization of the Orient merely be
cause our fleet won a remarkable vic
tory in the harbor of Manila? Our
guns destroyed the Spanish fleet, but
ran they destroy that self-evident truth
that governments derive their just
powers, not from superior force, but
from the' consent of the governed?
"Shall we abandon a just -resistance
to European encroachment upon the
western hemisphere in order to mingle
in the controversies of Europe and
Asia?
"Nebraska, ;' standing midway be
tween the oceans, will contribute her
full share toward the protection of our
coast; her sons will support the flag: at
home and abroad, wherever the honor
and the interests of the nation may re
quire. Nebraska will hold up the hands
of the Government % while the battle
rages, and when • the war clouds roll
away her voice will be heard pleading
for the ■ maintenance :of -; those ' ideas
which Inspired - the . founders of our
Government . and gave ; the nation its
proud eminence among the nations of
the earth. ' - ; .
• "If . others , turn to thoughts .of ag
grandizement i and yield allegiance to
those who clothe land-covetousness . In
the attractive garb of "national des
tiny," the people of Nebraska will, if I
mistake not their ; - sentiments, . plant
themselves upon the disclaimer entered
by Congress and expect that good faith
shall characterize the making of peace,
as -It ; did the ' beginning of war. Gold
smith : calls upon ; statesmen : \
To Judge how, wide the limits stand
■ Betwixt a splendid and a happy land. ,-.;;.
"If some dream; of the splendors of a
heterogeneous, empire encircling it the
globe, « we shall ■be i content Ito - aid •in
, Jwlngins enduring happiness to a ht>«a
ogeneous people, consecrated to the
purpose of maintaining 'a government
of the people, by the people, and for the
people.' "
PRIZE VESSELS FOR SALE.
Big Public Auction Announced to Be
Held at Key West.
KEY WEST, Fla., June 14.— The fol-
COUNT BONIFACE CASTELLANE.
lowing Is a list of the prize vessels and
their cargoes which are to be sold at
public auction in the city of Key West
on Monday, the 27th, at 11 a, m., to the
highest bidder for cash:
Net
Name. tons. Length.
Str Argonauta 600 182
Str Ambrosia Bolivar . . . .506 118
Bark Carlos F. Roses . . . .524 118
Bktn Lorenzo 281 119
Brig Frisquita 325 101
Schr Candita 51 61
Schr Mathilde 64 71
Schr Sophia 57 69
Schr Pinero 11l 89
Schr Tres Hermanos .... 34 58
Schr Mascota 120 110
Schr Engracia 43 5*3
Schr Lola 35 48
Schr Antonio 1 Paco .... 47 53
Schr Quartre de Setiembre 30 58
Schr Orient 45 52
! Schr Antonio Suarez .... 33 49
Schr Poder de Dios 51 62
Schr Espana 54 56
Schr Fernandito 25 35
Schr Santiago Apostol ... 58 68
Schr Severita , .... 41 52
Sloop Parquitta 33 • 41
Also at the came time and place will
be sold the cargoes of the vessels, con
sisting of 3600 eacks of rice, 1416 Backs of
flour, 373 sacks of beans, 100 cases of
codfish, 1943 sacks of sugar, 680 cases of
sardines, 1750 boxes of vermicelli and
macaroni, 47 cases of cigars, 81 bundles
of steel, 51 cases of mineral water, 170
cases and barrels of beer, 1260 cases of
canned goods, 418 bales of paper, 7
cases of paper bags, 10 hogsheads of
wine, 3 barrels of wine, 50 cases of wine
and 262 cases of chocolate.
The sales will be made by John X
Horr, United States Marshal for th«
Southern District o* Florida,
CASTELLANE
AS A DUELIST
Crosses Swords With
Henri Turot.
WOUNDS HIS ADVERSARY
DOCTORS STOP THE FIGHT AFTER
THE THIRD ROUND.
Another Duel Followed Between
Gerault Bichard and M. Bern
ard, and More Trouble
in Store.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, June 14.— What began as a
duel nearly ended in a battle to-day.
In the first place, only two meetings
were arranged. These were between
Count Castellane and M. Turot and M.
Gerault Richard, editor-in-chief of the
Petite Republique, and M. Bernard.
The Petite Republique has been get
ting into hot water all around of late.
Recent articles offended members of
the St. George's Fencing Club. The
consequence was that a detachment
turned up at the place arranged for a
duel to-day, every one eager to chal
lenge M. Gerault Richard. Paris for a
brief space seemed to have returned to
the d'Artagnan period. Swords were
crossed on the open highway, Gerault
Richard, being second, then principal
and coming within an ace of taking an
active part in a third encounter in the
same spot. The place of the meeting
was at Neuilly, just outside of Paris on
the right bank of the Seine, and just op
posite the Velodrome. Shortlyafter 10:30
o'clock a number of landaus arrived
there. The first contained Count Cas
tellane, with his seconds, and Comtes de
Dion and Elva; the second M. Henri
Turot and M. Gerault Richard and M.
Vivian! as seconds of M. Turot, and M.
Andre le Febre as second of M. Gerault
Richard, and the third containing M.
Charles Bernard, Gerault Richard's ad
versary, and his seconds, M. Chiche
and M. Papilland.
But this was not all. Other carriages
followed in a long procession. Two
members of the St. George's Fencing
Club, M. Louis de Heredia and M.
Bruneau de Labori. were there, deter
mined in insult Gerault Richard and
compel him to accept a meeting on ac
count of an article in the firebrand
journal of which he is editor-in-chief.
There were journalists innumerable,
fencing connoisseurs by scores, friends
of the principals, a..d seconds, doctors,
journalists, altogether quite as pretty a
battle as could have been got up.
Among those present was Ciperanl,
the well-known revolutionist. He is
still suffering from wounds received in
Thessaly, and when he got out of his
carriage and hobbled to the place of
meeting on a pair of crutches, he gave
a sinister touch to the Picture that was
quite in keeping. At 10:30 Comte de
Dion, director of the first encounter.
gave the signal for s\#ords to be
crossed. Castellane was in front of
his adversary, who was much taller
and heavier. Both were excellent fenc-
ers, both courageous, both reckless, and
the onslaught was very savage. Cas
tellane gave way little at the begin
ning, but before the first round was
over he reached Turot's right hand.
As the wound was not serious he re
fused to let the duel finish and the doc
tors did not object. The second attack
was without incident, .but in the third
Castellane began to press his adver
sary more and more. Finally he gave
a savage lunge, which went home, the
sword transfixing Turot's right fore
arm. Blood flowed abundantly and
the muscles stiffened immediately, so
that it was impossible for the wounded
man to hold a sword, and the doctors
insisted that the duel stop.
Hardly had the first combatants laid
down their weapons when M. Bernard
and M. Gerault Richard took their
places. Indeed, they were so quick
ADVERTISEMENTS.
In the War
Of 1861-65 prices on all npeessities ad-
vanced rapidly. Even dollar medicines
were at one time sold at $1 50. The
present war may have similar effect
Be wise and prudent TO-DAY, by buy-
ing at least a year's supply of Hood's
Sarsapnrilla and Hood's Pills, the most
essentiii! family medicines. Thousands
of people tell of wonderful cures by
these medicines, and millions testify
to their Intrinsic laerlt. Be sure to get
Hood's 8-5S8 -5Si ta
k America's Greatest Medicine.
CAVALRY
ROUTED BY
A GUNBOAT.
Well-Directed Shell From
the Vixen Deals Death
to the Spaniards.
Details of the Incident Attending
the Landing of Supplies for the
Cubans Near Juan Gonzales.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL
DISPATCH BOAT, off Guantanamo,
Cuba, June 11, via Port Antonio,
Jamaica, Tuesday, June 14. — The Span
ish cavalry which rashly made its ap
pearance near Juan Gonzales last "Wed
nesday, while the American ships were
reconnoitering to land supplies for the
insurgents, learned a brief but eft -cttr j
lesson. A well directed shell exploded
in their ranks and killed several of
them. The supplies consisted of 400
rifles, five tons of provisions and 60,000
rounds of ammunition. The ammuni
tion was part of the cargo of the first
ill-fated expedition of the Gussie when
an attempt to land was repulsed by the
Spaniards.
The converted yachts Vixen and Su
wanee arrived off Juan Gonzales, a vil
lage about eight miles from Santiago,
it having been arranged that the insur
gents under General Ceberaco should
receive supplies there. Small boats
sent in to select a landing plaoe report
ed that the surf was too high to make
the operation safe, and so a change of
plans was made. While the gunboats
lay to, near the shore, a courier from
the Cubans appeared and ran down the
beach waving his arms. When with
in hailing distance, he shouted:
"Spaniards coming, Spaniards com
ing," and disappeared in the brush.
Three minutes later the men in the
ships saw a detachment of Spanish
cavalry appear over the hill and ad
vance rapidly toward the beach. The
about it that Comte de Dion had to in
tervene as official as the account of the
first encounter had not yet been drawn
up and signed by M. Gerault Richard
as sacond.
Tms encounter was not as sensational
as the first. The adversaries were more
wary and eight rounds were fought be
fore a wound was given on either side.
At last during an animated bit of fenc
ing Bernard's sword touched Gerault
Richard in the forehead and the flow
of blood obstructed his sight. This duel
was also stopped, much to the express
ed disgust of the two opponents. While
they were dressing, M. Bruneau de La
bori, one of the offended members of
the St. George's Fencing Club came up
to Gerault Richard and made an insult-
Ing remark. M de Jean, business man
ager of the Petit Republiqiie, here in
terposed with the remark that such
conduct was inhuman. Upon this M.
Labori turned on his heel, saying:
"Gerault Richard, you are a rascal."
You may imagine that there was
hubbub. However, no further encoun
ter took place there and then, but Ge
rault Richard Is to send his second to
Bruneau de Lab,ori to-morrow. The
procession then returned to Paris.
TREASURY OFFICIALS
ARE UNUSUALLY BUSY
Preparing to Carry Into Effect the
Provisions of the War
Revenue Act.
"WASHINGTON, June 14.— The offi
cials u-f the Treasury Department were
busily engaged to-day in the prepara
With rjature Is the rrjan who Is filled wltb fear. The men who are full of
dread are those whose nerves are shattered. These whose svsterrjs have beeo
sapped by drains and excesses. They k. n ow what a sad thing it Is to feel cer-
tain that they are not as full of great power as other men. They k.now what It
is to be premature. They are really weak. Hogs. Instead of getting better, they
get worse. They n)ak.e oo effort. "Hudyao" would cure each, aod every one of
them and n)ak.e them fine and njaoly men if glveo an o pportunlty. "Hudyan"
has to Its credit ao army of 21,003 men-njen whjo have been saved from de-
spair, "hudyan" acts wltb promptness. It stops the weal^eniog process ig a
week.- Tl) e n It cures rapidly, surely aod permanently. AsK for free circulars
and testimonials telling you all about Its great work.. No cent of expense to
you. Why not see what 21.000 men have to be thaoK f ul for? Grand, big, strap-
ping manbood roay be yours again. Is it not worth striving for? But write to-
day. Doo't waste anotber precious mloute. Others are rrjanly—
WHY NOT YOU?
At the faintest suspicion of blood taint— little ulcers, the quick loosen-
ing of teeth, hair getting thin, or falling out— ask for "30-day blood cure"
circular. They, too, cost nothing, nor does the best medical "advice in the
whole world. Ask for what you want and get It without expense.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS., SAN FRANCISCO.
GOLD RICK LINE.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., Agents,
609 MARKET STREET.
Beg . to announce that in consequence of ■ their
having chartered the steamer : MORGAN CITY
to the . Government ■ they ■ have : decided . to sub-
stitute the favorite, speedy and elegantly ap-
pointed ; steamer - ' -. :
HUMBOLDT
In her place in the Alaskan trade. The HUM-
BOLDT has been the? favorite steamship run-
ning between this port and Dyea and Skaguay
this season, having made the quickest run
without accident or detention. The HUM-
BOLDT will be dispatched from Clay-street
wharf at 8 o'clock on : :
THURSDAY, JUNE 16,
And will connect at : St. Michael with the
GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND and other river
boats. The GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND
are the most beautifully appointed river steam-
ers in •- th« , trade. T Passengers holding tickets
on the : steamer MORGAN CITY are requested
to call lat • our Market ' Street I Passenger Office
and exchange - them for tickets on the HUM-
BOLDT. For freight and passage apply to the
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO..
609 Market St., San Francisco; 112 Yesler Way,
i:^f':-t"^ :■■:. : " ;:v- Seattle. . . ,' ■■ :--.
, V^9(iA3uUMflUuiuAdMßK2Hfcta"-°*
Vixen and Suwanee drew off about 309
yards from shore and the former sent
a shell singing landward from her star
i board gun. It seemed to burst right in
the faces of the astonished Spaniards,
who galloped away in every direction.
Aserradero, a village lying about
j twenty-one miles west of Santiago,
was then selected as a landing place
fur the arms and ammunition, and the
Vixen and Suwanee arrived there on
Wednesday afternoon. General Ce
j beraco and a detachment of insurgents
j were waiting and the supplies were
successfully landed by surf boats.
General Ceberaco was enthusiastic
over the Juan Gonzales incident.
"Splendid," he cried, when he boarded
the Vixen. "The shot landed right in
the center of the cavalry and several
were killed."
From Aserradero the Suwar.ee steam
ed away to rejoin Admiral Sampson's
fleet and the Vixen dropped down the
coast to Guantajiamo, where she prob
| ably will remain until the long expected
troops arrive.
Arriving at Guantanamo the day be
j fore yesterday, the Herald-Call dis-
I patch boat found the cruiser Marble
| head and the Vixen, the latter coaling
I from the Sterling. The officers of* the
; Vixen expressed the opinion to me that
' this place seemed to be an ideal spot for
effecting a landing of troops. They
were under the impression that the
j transports bearing an army for the re
! duction and occupation of Santiago
j must be already on the way around the
I eastern end of the island and should
I arrive here within a few days. At least
j some of this army, it is expected, will
j make a landing at Guantanamo.
tion of circular letters to customs and
internal revenue collectors, carrying
into effect the provisions of the war
revenue act signed by the President
yesterday. In the Internal Revenue
Bureau the only schedules which go
into immediate effect are those relating
to tobacco, snuff, cigarettes and beer.
Acting on the advice of the Solicitor
of the Treasury the ruling of the de-^
partment holding that the tax on teiW
went into effect at 3:05 p. m. yester
day, the time the art was signed by
the President, hag been modified. Un
der a new ruling Issued to-day the tax
of 10 cents a pound will be levied on
teas which reached the port of first ar
rival after Monday, June 13, at mid
night.
The indications now are that the
$200,000,000 loan will be largely over
subscribed.
Passing of Three Octogenarians.
SANTA CRUZ, June 14.— Three octo
genarians have passed away in Santa
Cruz during the past three days— all peo
ple well known. Mrs. Minerva Rice die<l
this morning at hrr home in Blackburn
Gulch. She was the widow of the late
Judge Rice, a native of Maine, and 82
years of age. Christopher Miller died at
Blackburn Gulch. He was a native of
Canada, aged SS years. Mrs. S. W Dill
wife of Major Seward Dill, died at her
home near Soquel. She was a native of
Maine, aged 86 years.
TRAXS-ATLAXTIC STEAMERS.
BALTlilOUß— Arrived June 14— Stmr Dres
den, from Bremen.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 14— Stmr Tauric,
for Liverpool; stmr Lahr., for Bremen.
SOUTHAMPTON' — Arrived June 14— Stmr
Kalaer "Wi'helm der Grosse, from N?w York.
NAPLES— SaiIed June 13— Stmr Bolivia, for
New York.
DR.MCNULTY.
qmis WELL KNOWN AND RKLIABLK Ol.t.
J. S,»^ia rlst ™™ Private .Nervous.Hloocliu.c! "
D 1D 13 euH»-s of Men o,dy. Manly Power rested Over
TOyPßrs'pjperieiico. Send for Book. free f-atlen"
cured at Home. Terms reasonable lIonA 9 »«?
dally ; 6:!!0 to B.Bo cvV-s. Sar.days, 10 to 12 O?nwlt£
i don free and sucredly confidential CM or address
9Q\£ Kearnr Street San I'ranvUc fa
UilU OllJuO FOR bootblacks, bath-
JJIIU OIIJUO ers > bootblacks, bath-
dverL erS fl n bOO^i lntle , rB ' C^ e y-' m akers ar< canners;
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, 'aundriea paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
« v m BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SpreckeU Bid*.
_ • Telephone Brown 981.
Residence, 821 California street. below
Powell. San Francisco. ■.')
Weak Men and Women
Should USE ; damiana bitters, THB
IV. great Mexioan remedy; gives health ao4
strength to the sexual organs.MARINES IN DANGER OF MASSACRE
MUST HOLD
OUT UNTIL
AID COMES
Belief in Washington That
Some One Has Blun
dered.
War Department Criticized for the
Delayed Departure of the
Transports.
Call Office, Riggs
House, Washington,
June 14. — The six
hundred marines
at Caimanera are
in a precarious sit
uation and are lia
ble to be massacred
at any time by the
Spaniards, who
seem to have adopt
ed the devilish guer^
rilla method of war
fare. The general
opinion in Washing
ton is that some one
blundered in land
ing this handful of
men and exposing
them to the merci
less fire of Spanish
forces vastly supe
rior in numbers.
When it became known to-day
immediately after the Cabinet
meeting that the Santiago expe
dition had not yet left Key West
there was a very profound feeling
of disgust with the War Depart
ment, although it was later an
nounced that the troops were
now actually on their way. It is
now said that the expedition
"may be expected to arrive at its
destination by Friday," but
Washington Rpopls wno have be
come familiarwith these promises
and delays do not know what to
believe.
Admiral Sampson's cablegram
received to-day shows that the
Spaniards have begun to prac
tice the inhuman barbarities so
characteristic of them in guerrilla
warfare. The manner of the
Spanish attack on the marines
:ahd the horrible mutilation which
Admiral Sampson reports was in
fticted upon the bodies of the four
men killed opens the eyes of the
department to the kind of warfare
which they must expect in Cuba.
The campaign will have to
be conducted as if it were
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O ♦♦+♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦ A regular
t Drugstore
t Prescription
t Price be = = =$1.00
t And the
Commission
t Paid the
£>octor be = = 50c
Het price
■;| To you
[Would be = -50c
x . . '";" And the other 50c you
■ 'would put in your
pocket, for we pay no
■.-. '.commissions.
Valuable Information Given to
Users of Morphine.
11-PEiHiIFofiUGCO
♦. 949-951 MARKET ST.,
4- Bet. Fifth and Sixth.
among savages, and steps
will be taken to very largely
increase the forces of
scouts.
The commanding general will
be advised to guard particularly
against ambush. It is anticipated
that immediately after landing
the troops steps will be taken, be
fore proceeding in the campaign,
to assemble a large force of in
surgents and organize them into
scouting parties to operate
against bushwhackers, who, it is
now known, will be encountered,
and to clear the way for the op
erations of the invading army.
In this way the insurgents can
be of real service, and it is prac
tically the only assistance of im
portance which they can render.
Their familiarity with the country
and the methods of warfare which
the Spaniards have evidently
adopted will enable them to pro
tect our troops from harassing
ambushes.
The two squadrons of Roose
velt's Rough Riders, most of
whom are old Indian fighters,
also will be available for scout
duty, their lack of familiarity with
the country being provided
against by a detail of native
scouts.
The regulars who have
been used to Indian warfare
will adoptthe methodswhich
they have heretofore em
ployed in dealing with In
dians.
It is evident to the department
that the Spaniards do not place
any reliance upon their ability to
meet our army in an open fight
or to withstand a siege, but that
they propose to employ small
bands of guerrillas throughout
the island, to lay ambushes and
shoot down pickets from under
cover.
Having started the Santiago expedi
tion, the War Department has now
concentrated all Its energies on the
preparation of the force to be sent to
Porto Rico. Active movements in that
line have been made on a scale so ex
tensive as to lead to the supposition in
some quarters that the attack is to bo
directed upon Havana, but if this is so,
there is no open indication of it. The
volunteers collected at Chattanooga,
42,000 in number, are reaching a degree
of excellence, under the magnificent
management of General Brooke, that
would warrant the Government in or
dering them Immediately into active
service, but, unfortunately, there is
still a considerable lack of equipment
that will not permit of this.
General Merritt has brought the sec
ond installment of his force into readi
ness and will sail for Manila to-mor
row. It is believed that the advance
guard, the three transports which fol
lowed the Charleston to Honolulu, met
the cruiser there and sailed in her com
pany for the Philippines about the be
ginning of this month. In this case it
is reasonable to expect them to arrive
at Manila within a week.
An unexpected complication has
arisen as to the right of Admiral Samp
son at Santiago and Admiral Dewey at
Manila, to use the cables which each
has secured, with a view to bringing
them into direct telegraphic communi
cation with the authorities here. It is
understood by officials here that Ad
miral Dewey secured the shore end of
the cable from Manila to Hongkong
some time ago and buoyed it with a
view to sending dispatches.
The same condition is understood to
exist at Santiago, where Admiral
Sampson has buoyed the shore end of
the cable with a view of repairing and
using it. But no messages have been
sent, and the question has arisen as to
whether it is allowable under the rules
of neutrality for the French and Brit
ish companies owning these lines to
permit them to be used for strictly mili
tary purposes.
The companies control the points of
exit and are able to refuse to pass dis
patches along, so that the holding of
the shore ends by Admirals Dewey and
Sampson does not permit them to carry
on communication, except through the
assent of the companies. These are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1898.
THE CITY AND HARBOR OF SANTIAGO DE CUBA. From a hill on the Parados estate, near the Cobre Railroad.
private concerns, but they are bound to
observe the neutrality of their respec
tive governments.
There is some anxiety, therefore, as
to the course of the operators of the
French company at Haytl when they
receive messages from Admiral Samp
son. Should they refuse to handle
them over neutral lines, touching neu
tral territory, an international ques
tion may arise. The same condition
exists as to the Manila cable, and the
failure to receive dispatches from Man
ila is attributed to the failure of the
British operators at Hongkong to take
the messages.
It is stated to-night that negotiations
are now progressing which give prom
ise of a satisfactory understanding
with the companies and the forwarding
of such matters as the admirals send.
BARBAROUS MUTILATION
OF FALLEN MARINES
Outrages for Which Spain Will Be
Made to Pay Dearly When
the War Ends.
NEW YORK, June 14.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegTaphs:
Officers of the army and navy In Wash
ington have been reluctant to believe
that the Spanish troops which fought
against the marines at Guantaname
were guilty of mutilating the bodies of
the dead, but the evidence that they
did so is conclusive. It was at first
thought possible that the wounds pro
duced by the Mauser rifles at close
range had been such as to lead to the
belief that the bodies of the dead men
had been hacked after death, but Ad
miral Sampson's report that the bodies
were mutilated leaves no doubt on the
subject. All officials of the Govern
ment are unmeasured in their denun
ciation of the barbarities displayed by
the Spanish soldiers, though the com
ment is made that nothing else could
be expected from a nation which would
blow up a warship of a friendl;. power
in its harbor. It will be more than
ever necessary to plan the campaign
so that the United States shall in every
conflict with the Spaniards have an
overwhelming force of troops, so as to
crush the enemy and retain possession
of the field after the fight.
Spain will have to pay dearly for her
savage methods in the end, for when
at last her fleets have been wiped out
and her armies have been defeated and
she sues for peace she will find the
condition as to territorial concessions
and monetary indemnity made much
more burdensome on account of the
savage means she has employed in
prosecuting the war.
Every effort is to be made by the
commanders of the American forces to
prevent their men. who will naturally
be made very indignant by the actions
of the Spanish, from retaliating in the
same way upon the dead of the enemy.
Now that it is known the Spanish
cannot be reiied upon to wage war ac
cording to civilized methods all the
officers will be instructed to take ex
traordinary precautions to prevent
dead and wounded falling into tlie
hands of the enemy, for it is not be
lieved Spanish soldiers who would
hack a dead body would hesitate to
treat the wounded the same way.
PERILOUS RAILROAD TRIP.
Projectiles and Explosives Being
Rushed Across the Continent
DENVER, June 14.— The train load of
projectiles and explosives from New
York, en route to Mare Island Cal
reached Denver to-day. The distance
from Chicago had been covered in
world's record time. The ten cars of
heavy freight were hauled across the
prairies and up the Rocky Mountains
in 38 hours and 32 minutes, whereas the
regular running time for freight be
tween Chicago and Denver is about
Pixty hours. The Burlington road made
the great run.
The train left New York last Friday
night, reaching Chicago shortly after
noon on Sunday. At 12:43 ~p. m it
pulled out over the Burlington for Den
ver, arriving here at 3:15 a. m. to-day
With hardly a moment's delay a
Denver and Rio Grande engine was at
tached to the train and its journey
across the mountains was begun. Two
engines will be used in crossing the
pass, and the Rio Grande officials hope
to maintnin the rate of speed at which
It was rushed west from Chicago.
PRAISE FOR THE MARIETTA.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— 1n the gen
eral admiration excited by the splendid
performance of the big battleship Ore
gon in running from San Francisco
clear around South America to Join
Sampson before Santiago, the equally
meritorious run of the little gunboat
Marietta over most of the same course
has been lost sight of. Like the Ore
gon, the Marietta is a product of a Pa
cific Coast shipyard, and the high char
acter of the work done in constructing
this ship is shown by the captain's
statement that the little boat made this
long 12,000-mile voyage without stop
ping for repairs. Considering the great
disparity in the size of the Oregon and
the Marietta the performance of the
latter is certainly quite as remarkable
as that of the Oregon, even though the
time made was not as good.
TRANSPORTS
START FROM
PORT TAMPA
After Many Delays the
Fleet Is Under Way
at Last.
Thirty-Five Troopships and Four
teen Convoys Sail for the
Cuban Coast.
TAMPA, Fla., June 14. — After weeks of waiting and
preparation, the first army of invasion to start from the east
ern shores of the United States departed under the command
of General Shafter this morning at 9 o'clock. The fleet of
transports consisted of thirty-five vessels, four tenders and
fourteen convoys.
These are all now upon the Gulf of
Mexico, headed southward, until they
pass Key West, at least. If the desti
nation be Cuba, they will continue their
present course until Cape Antonio, at
the west of the island, is doubled, when
an easterly course will be sailed until
they reach the vicinity of Santiago.
As already stated in these dispatches,
the actual embarkation of the troops
began on Monday, June 6. The work
proceeded diligently until late on Wed
nesday afternoon, when, after the de
parture of several vessels, an Impor
tant order came calling a halt in the
proceedings. The Castlne was dis
patched at once to overhaul the dis
appearing vessels and recall them.
They all came back but one, the City oft
Washington, which was reported to be
aground down the bay. It has been sub
sequently learned, however, that this
vessel had outstripped the mesenger
until the coast of Cuba was really
sighted. Neither the Washington nor
the Castine returned to Port Tampa
until Saturday.
The alleged cause of the delay was
the report that the Hornet, while out
scouting, had sighted several Spanish
warships. Like a wet blanket came
the order to halt. Cheerfulness was dis
placed by keen disappointment. Two
questions were on every tongue — "Has
Spain surrendered?" "Has our fleet
met with a reverse?" The former met
with the readiest belief, many believ
ing the words in the order, "indefinitely
postponed," meant peace.
The unloading of the Florida, which
had been run into by the Miami and
seriously damaged last Wednesday,
gave grounds for the rumor that all the
transports were being unloaded. News
paper men were confidentially told on
Friday night that they had better go
on board. The following day it was
openly stated that the sailing would
occur on Sunday noon.
The rush of the previous Monday was
repeated. General Miles and his staff
went to Port Tampa on Sunday morn-
Ing at 6:30 to deliver parting Instruc
tions. During a heavy rain squall on
Saturday night, while the transports
were straining at their cables, the lit
tle tug Captain Sam steamed from ship
to ship, megaphoning the order, "Stand
ready to sail at daylight."
Above the roar of the storm wild
cheers were heard and a brieht flash of
lightning revealed the soldiers stand
ing in the rain waving their wet hats
and hurrahing.
When the morning broke the piers
were lined with transports, the docks
were crowded with boxcars, flatcars.
stockcars, baggage and express cars.
Most of these were crowded with sol
diers, wh« were cheered until their ears
ached apd who cheered in return until
hoarse. Bright-colored dresses and
fragile parasols in the crowds of blue
coats Indicated the presence of the fair
sex.
Horses and mules were kicking up
clouds of dust, and the sun poured
down In hot rays, sweltering the mass
of humanity. Thus Sunday passed,
the transports at the docks and those
In midstream receiving their quota of
men and the necessaries" to sustain
them.
General Miles again went to the port
on Monday on the early train. The
stirring scenes continued, the mad rush
had not abated. General Miles, from
the observation end of the car, watched
the crowd as it passed near him. The
transports, swinging at their moorings,
were plainly in view, as were also many
of those at the docks, indicating that
the embarkation of animals was pro
gressing satisfactorily.
Shortly after 9 o'clock the funnels of
the transports began pouring forth col
umns of black smoke. The Margaret,
Olivette and Mateo and Laura were
visiting the fleet, giving water to one,
troops to another, animals and equip
ments to another. Along the pier could
be heard the voices of the transport
commanders as they gave their orders
to cut loose. The gangplanks were
pulled in, the hatchways closed, lines
cast off and the engines were put into
motion.
The vessels backed into the bay and
anchored to await the order to sail.
The Mattewan hove her cable short at
10 o'clock. All eyes were rivet 3d on the
Seguranca, the flagship, and when the
final signal came a mighty shout arose.
From the lower row of portholes hats
were waved. Anchor was quickly
weighed and the great vessel pointed
her prow down the bay. In a few min
utes the City of Washington, Rio
Grande, Cherokee, Iroquois and Whit
ney followed. As these boats picked
their way through the anchored fleet
men shouted and bands played. Every
vessel elicited a wild display of en
thusiasm. These were the only vessels
to depart in the forenoon, some of them
going over to St. Petersburg to procure
water.
General Miles, evidently becoming
Impatient, embarked on the Tarpoon at
12:30 and went out among the fleet, go-
Ing as far down the bay as St. Peters
burg, and not returning until 4 o'clock.
In the meantime the transports were
6teaming down the bay.
In the afternoon the Morgan cut a
path of white foam down the channel
and her lead was followed by the Vigil
ancia, San Marcos, Clinton, Yucatan,
Stillwater, Berkshire, Olivette, San
tiago, Arkansas, Seneca, Saratoga,
Miami, Loena, Breakwater and Comal!
By the time these vessels had moved
away darkness had enveloped the re
maining ships, from whose sides glim
mered long rows of lights. The Knick
erbrocker No. 13 and the Orizaba had
much to take on during the night. The
last to be loaded were eager to com
plete the task for fear they might be
left. By daylight all the ships except
the Seguranca had moved down the
bay. At 9 o'clock the Seguranca, amid
cheers and the blowing of whistles, fol
lowed.
General Shafter and his staff were
the last to leave. The last orders were
handed to lieutenant Miley, an aid to
General Shafter, this morning, and Im
mediately the flagship started.
The convoys for the transport ships
are as follows: Indiana, Detroit, Scor
pion, Vesuvius, Helena, Castine, Ann
apolis, Panther, Hornet, Manning, Ban
croft, Wampatuck, Eagle and Wasp,
After passing the bar at the entrance
of this harbor th*| fleet will form In two
divisions of threl columns each. The
columns will te 800 yards apart,
abreast, containing five vessels, each 400
yards apart. Between the two divisions
will be a space of 1000 yards. The con
sorts will occupy points of vantage sur
rounding the transports.
HONORS AHEAD
FOR SAMPSON
Will Shortly Be Made a
Commodore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 14. —Acting
Rear Admiral Sampson, commanding
the naval forces operating In the West
Indies, whose actual rank in the navy
is that of captain, will become a com
modore on the 3d proximo by the stat
utory retirement of Rear Admiral Wil
liam A. Kirkland, commandant of the
Mare Island navy-yard, who is now the
ranking officer of the navy.
In the event of a successful perform
ance of the important duties assigned
him in the West Indies, including the
capture and occupation of Santiago de
Cuba and San Juan, Porto Rico, of
which his friends have no doubt what
ever, Captain Sampson is also assured
of further promotion to the actual rank
of rear admiral, this being the highest
grade to which he can attain until Con
gress shall recreate the grade of vice
admiral for his special benefit. This
office was established during the War
of the Rebellion, and lapsed with the
death of those who had held it, Ad
miral Porter and Vice Admiral Rowan.
The plan of promotion adopted by
President McKlnley in the case of Ad
miral Dewey and his captains for their
great achievement in the harbor of
Manila undoubtedly will be followed
in case of similar victories by Admiral
Sampson and his captains on this side
of the water.
In addition to Admiral Kirkland, five
other admirals will retire during the
next few months by operation of law
on account of age. They are Admiral
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-■—■—■—■— !!—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—■—«—■—«— ■—■—■—»-
\% ] /vsmk4
"There are thousands of men like yourself L
men who have the physical structure of giants, bu'
who complain of weak vitality, of failing memory
and lost self-confidence. Does it not 'seem, strange
to you that you should be weak in this one respect
while enjoying good health otherwise ? I explain it
all in my book, 'Three Classes of Men.' I show you
also, in this book, that by my method of applying
the electric current I can arouse to renewed life' the
dormant energies and bring your vital and mental
force up to a level with your muscular strength."
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has restored 10,000'
men during the past year. This book, with full in-
formation is free upon application. A personal call
solicited. Call or address
DR. A. T. SANDEN, not in drug stores.
702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, San Francisco. .
Office hours, 8 A. M. to 8 P. M. ; Sundays. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt •
"Hl^H, : ' Brani-hes at Los Angeles. Ca1..204V4 is never sold in drug store* '
South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washing- , -___ .-•■- .-- .;•■-•
ton street; Denver. Col., 931 Sixteenth street; nor by traveling. agents. .
Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. * — ' ' ' — — -if \
Joseph N. Miller, commanding the Pa
cific station; Admiral Montgomery Si
card, president of the War Board; Ad
miral E. O. Matthera, president of Ex-;
amining and Retiring Board; Admiral'
S. F. Bunce, commanding the New;.
York navy-yard, and Admiral C. S.
Norton, commanding the Washington,;
navy-yard.
With the exception of Admiral Mil— i
ler, all of these officers are likely to be.
retained in their present places after,
their retirement during the continu
ance of the war with Spain, because
of the non-availability of officers, on
tfco active list to take their places. Re
tired officers are subject to duty of this
kind in time of war at the discretion,
of the President. It is different, how
ever, with Admiral Miller. He is in.
command of a fleet, and retired officers
are not eligible for such duty unless
specially authorizr-d by act of Congress.
Admiral Kirkland is a native of'
North Carolina, and it is his purpose^
to make his home in that State when';
he ie relieved from duty. Of the seven,!
rear admirals, only two are in com
mand of fleets, Admiral Mii'er, com
rr. 'i ruling the Pacific squadron, and Ad
miral Dewey, commanding the Asiatic
rquadron. Of the officers having flag
commands, two are full rear admirals,
one an acting rear admiral, and the
others commodores.
Admiral Miller, the senior officer, haa
three vessels in his squadron, and Act
ing Rear Admiral Sampson, the junior
of them all, has over seventy vessels
under his command. The last named
officer does not attain the actual rank
of a flag officer until he becomes a
commodore next month by the retire
ment of admiral Kirkland. His rank as
captain, which he now bears in the
naval register, would not ordinarily en
title him to a higher command than
that of a single vessel, and in putting
him in command of the largest and
most powerful fleet that was ever
gathered under the United States flag,
the President found It necessary to
give him the nominal rank of acting
rear admiral. That designation clothed
him with all the authority necessary to
the execution of the hiehly important
duty confided to him. but carried no
increase of pay or emoluments and no
permanency of rank. No greater com-i
pliment was ever paid an officer of th*
United States navy.
Senator Aldrich Re-elected.
NEWPORT, R. 1.. June 14.— United
Stato? Senator Nelson W. Aldrich was re
elected by the Legislature to-day on tha
first ballot. The vote were as follows:
Senate— Nelson W. Aldrich, 35; E. Ben
jamin Andrews, 1.
House— Aldrich, 61; Andrews, 2; L. Tv
Garvin. 1.
34
POUNCED UPON
BY CREDITORS
Joe Leiter's Property At
tached.
DEBT OF NEARLY A MILLION.
FLTJNGEB SAYS THERE WILL BE
NO ASSIGNMENT.
All of His Cash Wheat Bought by
• Armour, Who Declares the
Bankrupt's Backers Will
.Not Lose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 4.— Justice Daly of
Ihe Supreme Court has issued an at
tachment against the property of Jo
eeph Leiter, the wheat speculator of
Chicago, for $793,925 in favor of Otto E.
Loehrke, William P. Callaghan and
William Knight, grain dealers, for
money advanced. The attachment was
levied upon funds belonging to Leiter
and deposited in the Chase National
Bank, the Hanover Bank and other
financial concerns in the city.
The plaintiffs, who comprise the firm
of Otto E. Loehrke & Co., assert they
advanced, at the special instance and
request of Leiter, in various sums,
$793,925, since February, 1898, which he
promised to pay on demand. They al
lege that he has refused to pay the
•amounts so advanced to him. The at
tachment was issued on the ground [
that Leiter is a non-resident.
CHICAGO, June 14.— 1t was stated' by |
friends of Joseph Leiter that the at- |
tachment issued against him in New i
York will not affect the situation and
•will not force an assignment. Tne ap
peal to the court in New York was evi
dently expected, as a representative of I
a creditor was here and told Mr. Leiter i
he was "going to do something." Mr. |
Leiter told him to go ahead and do it.
Mr. Aarons, counsel for the plaintiffs,
•aid that Loehrke, one of the complain
ants, was the shipping agent in this
city for Leiter and had handled for him
many millions of bushels of wheat.
Mr. Aarons said his clients were not
antagonistic to Leiter and secured the
attachment because of the number of
Interests they protect. The attach
ments, Mr. Aarons said, would prob
ably be satisfied before the close of the
day.
P. D. Armour to-day bought all of
Joseph Leiter's cash wheat in the
Northwest, amounting to 4,000,000 or
6,000,000 bushels. Semi-authoritativo
Information is also obtained that Ar
mour will take up all of Leiter's wheat.
Joseph Leiter, speaking of the col
lapse of his wheat deal, says:
" It was a case where the tail has be
gun to wag the dog. This statement
has its illustration in the fact that
futures began breaking faster than
cash wheat declined. Logically, the
conditions should have been exactly
the reverse. For several days— in fact,
I may say for some weeks — cash wheat
has been slow sale, especially in the !
Northwest and around milling centers
generally. To a certain extent this has
been offset by a fair degree of activity
at the seaboard in response to inquiry
from the other side, but the local mar
kets have been decidedly inclined to
drag-. There has been a steady mar- i
keting of cash wheat, but I cannot say
as to the quantities in which it has
gone into home consumption, or abroad
for foreign uae.
'•I see no objection to stating that all j
my holdings of futures have been dis- *
posed of. A good deal of gossip has
come to me on the general subject of |
alleged treacherous conduct on the part !
of Northwestern grain interests which I
I have always heretofore considered |
friendly to me in a personal and busi- j
ness way; but I have nothing what- !
ever to cay on this subject. If in the
Jiistory of the deal there have been
events to which the public is entitled,
It is more than likely that the facts
will come out in good time, but not
from me. I have no complaints to make
or charges to prefer."
Mr. P. D. Armour, himself one of the
central figures in the Leiter deal,
which has been going on for many
months, did not take a particularly
gloomy view of the situation. He said:
"Most of tho wheat with the banks is
margined at *0 cents a bushel. I con
fidently believe the market will react,
possibly before the end of the week,
wheat has got down to a point where
|t is worth the money, regardless of
speculation. The arrangement which I
understand han been perfected pro
vides for the protection of all parties
Jn interest. Leiter's cash wheat, in all
positions between the Northwest and
Europe, ought to be handled so the
banks will not have to take a lops.
"I do not believe any of the local
people who had acted for Mr. Leiter
were hurt, and the feeling of the trade
eeems to be most kindly toward him.
When he decided to carry his June
■wheat we offered to help him in any
•way we could. I regret that the deal
has turned out as it has, but I believe
that the worst of it is known and that
the market will promptly react."
LONDON, June 14.— The collapse of
the Leiter wheat corner has caused a
panic in the Liverpool market. In Lon
don the news of the collapse was re
ceived with equanimity. The consensus
of opinion of a number of operators on
Mark Lane is that the English market
■will gain steadiness now that the plun
ger, operating without regard to mar
kot precedents, is shaken out. It is
asserted on Mark Lane that the col
lapse was duo to Messrs. Armour and
Pillsbury. Tho newspapers generally
rejoice at the breakdown of the Letter
plans and point to it as a moral. Tho
Star says:
"If the prime mover in this war
against mankind is beggared by his
brood the retribution is well merited.
Nothing can atone for the awful suf
fering Leiter and his accomplices have
caused." ____^________
Camp Named After General Merriam.
SANTA CRI'Z, June 14.— The camp of
the Sixth Regiment, guarding the powder
works, has been named Camp Merriam,
after General Merriam. The entire morn-
Ing Is taken up In drilling. They are get
ting the lay of the land and every road
In the vicinity.
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
SOCIETY SEES
ASCOT RACES
Dull Opening Despite Its
Presence.
JEDDAH ADDS TO HIS FAME
TAKES THE PRINCE OF WALES
STAKES.
The Rush Wins the Gold Vase
and the Ascot Stakes
Are Captured by
Herminius.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June 14.— Ascot week
opened dull. The Prince and Princess
of Wales were in attendance at the
Heath, accompanied by the Duke and
Duchess of Connaught, Prince and
Princess Christian and the Duke of
Cambridge. Society was well repre
sented, and all the staff of the United
States Embassy and many prominent
Americans obtained tickets entitling
them to admission to the royal en
closure. They included Chauncey M.
Depew, Mr. and Mrs. Marshall Field
Jr. of Chicago, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Tree of Chicago, ex-United States Sen
ator and Mrs. Don Cameron of Penn
sylvania, Mr. and Mrs. Colgate of New
York.
The race for the Gold Vase, course
two miles, was won by Mr. Dobell's six
year-old chostnut horse, The Rush. W.
Low's three-year-old chestnut filly,
Winsome Charteris, was second, and
W. Cooper's five-year-old chestnut
horse, New Haven 11, was third. There
were four starters.
The Prince of Wales' stake was won
by J. Larnach's chestnut colt, Jeddah,
the winner of this year's Derby stake.
The Duke of Westminster's brown
colt, Batt, which finished second in the
Derby, was second also in this event.
Prince Soltykoft's Canopus was third.
The Coventry stake was won by
Lord Dnuraven's black colt, Desmond.
Mr. Dobell's Melfl was second and Cap
tain Machel's Black Wing third. Rich
ard Croker's chestnut filly, Sweet
Chimes, was one of the starters.
The Ascot stake, distance about two
miles, was won by Mr. J. Hammond's
four-year-old brown colt, Herminius.
G. M. Inglls' Piety was second and J.
H. Houldsworth's Rapallo third.
ON AMEEICAN TRACKS.
Horses That Led Their Fields Past
the Judges' Stands.
CINCINNATI, June 14.— Results at La
tonia:
Flr6t race, six furlongs, selling — Hilda 'won.
Hand D second. Solo third. Time, 1:15 V
Second race, five furlongs — Jolly Roger won,
Maio second, Lucky Jim third. Time, 1:03"^.
Third race, six furlongs, selling — Ray B won,
Necklace second, Jolly Son third. Time, l:lb%,-
Fourth race, one mile, the Ripple stakes —
Flammarion won, Daisy F second, Maritl
third. Time, 1.424.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs^ — Beana
won. Bezique second, Salvarse third. Time,
.
Sixth race, Bix furlongs, selling— Purity won.
Komurasakl second, Turtle Dove third. Time,
1:15.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Shillalah. the fa
vorite, won the Greater New York handi
cap at Graveseml to-day without murh
effort. Royal Scarlet and Olindo both
fell, but their jockeys escaped uninjured.
First race, one mile — Hanwell won, Jefferson
second, Atlantus third. Time, 1:43 V
Second rate, six furlongs— L,ady Mnrian won.
Tabouret second, Miss Miriam third. Time,
1.1.V
Third race, Hanover stakes, five furlongs,
selling— Autumn won. Sir Hubert second. Jack
Point third. Time. 1:02 V
Fourth race, one mile and a furlong. sell
ing—Bannock won, Estaca second, Rappahan
nock third. Time, 1:56.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Muggins won,
Kirkwood second, Chopin third. Time, 1:03.
Sixth race, the Greater New York Steeple
chase, about two and a half miles— Shillalah
w. n. Mars Chan second, Trillion third. Time,
ST. LOUIS, June 14. — Track fast;
weather pleasant.
First race, six and a half furlongs— Belle
Ward won, Nora S second, Ismene third. Time,
1:22 V
Second race, one mile and twenty yards, sell-
Ing— Kisme won, Bob MUHcan second. Lease
man third. Time, 1:44 V
Third race, mile and twenty yards, selling-
Mitchell won. Nightgown »econd, Russella
third. Time, 1:42 V
Fourth race, handicap. Beven furlongs— lmp.
Skate won, Fervor second, Nick Carter third.
Time, I:2K.
Fifth race, for two-year-olds, five furlongs —
Sir <;atian won, Dr. Sam second, Rldgeway
third. Time, 1:02 V
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards, selling —
Siva won, Lady of the West second, Basquil
third. Time, 1:47 V
CHICAGO, June 14.— Weather clear at
Harlem; track slow.
First race, five and a half furlongs— Judge
Wilrox won, Bill Anthony eecond. King Cot
ton third. Time, 1:03.
S*rond race, m!!e and a sixteenth— Harry
Shannon won. Morte Fonso second, Haphai
zard third. Time, I:MV£.
Third race, four and a half furlongs—San
t»Ho won, Batten second, Mazie V third. Time,
1:00.
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs^ — Don
na Rita won, Boanerges second, J H C third
Time, 1:42 V
Fifth race, six furlongs— The Manxman won.
The Devil second. OConnell third. Time, 1:21.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Tom Toher won,
Howzer second, Why tntrd. Time. 1:20 V
DENVER, June 14.— Results at Overland
Park:
First race, pacing, Shecam won. Florence B
second. Blast third. Best time, 2:2 lVi
Becond race, trotting, for two-year-olds—
Annine won. Jack Dean second. Best time.
2:45.
Third race, one mile— Charlotte M won.
Pleasanton second, Tulare third. Time 1-46U
Fourth race, six furlongs— Ming Redwood
won, Warrior second, McPryor third. Time,
Fifth race, four and a half lurlongs— Jim
Gore won. Lew Watklns second, Tommy
Tucker third. Time. :D6H-
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs— Fortuna
won, De Capo second, Emma D third. Time
1:10.
DETROIT, June 14.— Track fair.
r^lrst race, six furlongs— Sister Mamie won
StK>m Queen second. Jessamine Porter third
Time. 1:21.
Second race, four and a half furlong—Es
pionage won. Semper Idem Becond, Merode
third. Time, :68\4.
Third race, one mile, selling— Arrezzo won,
Jim Floyd second, Sir Fred third. Time. 1:49.
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling — By Geora*
won, Nervura second, Lucy Blazes third. Time
1:05%.
Fifth race, seven furlonßs, selling— Pearl
won, Bon Jour second, Takanasße« third.
Time, 1:3214.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Lady Irene won,
Alice Farley second. Horace third. Time, I:l7'^.
BUN OVER AND KILLED.
Fate of Dr. Holmes, a Betired Den-
tist, of San Jose.
BAN JOBE, June 14.— Dr. Stephen
Holmes, a retired dentist and pioneer
citizen, was run over by a single-horse
fruit dray this morning, and died before
nocn. He was a native of Shelbyvllle,
Ind.. but had lived In Miaaouri and" Kan
sas In the early days. He was a man of
some means, of high standing and widely
Known. Two sons live In Texas The
driver attempted to stop ills wagon, but
It was too late, and the blocked wheel
crushed the skull.
Tarrasch in the Lead.
VIENNA, June 14.— Five games In the
tenth round of the International cheHg
masterß' tournament had been decided
when adjournment was taken. The re
sults were: Llpke beat Balrd; Tarrasch
beat Marco, and Plllsbury beat Black
burn; while the games between Halprln
and Burn and Maroozy and WaJbrodt were
drawn, Tarrasch, Plllebury and Alaplß
lead In number of games won, in tno ord»r
at mttlltiau.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY", JUNE 15, 1898.
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
- - - - A.ND -> - -
PURCHASERS' GUIDE
To Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Importers, Wholesale
Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any. of the Following Firms Please . Mention "The Call."
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works. 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining. Beveling. . Wm.
Schroeder. Pres. Telephone Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
mHE P. BOBSI CO., Importers of High-Class Fur-
1 niture. French Cabinets, Ktrbls Statuary, Etc., 117
Batter street. -
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
MCV7A CDDKTi Proprietor. Send for meas-
IrlfclUU jrKli>U ure blanks. U. S. Commis-
sion, 9 Geary St.. S. F. ____
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CIL'L' £. CfHlWni CD Bank. Office and Saloon
rlNKttMnlMlLtK, Fittings, 1309 Market
st. Telephone South 267.
~ AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock V]] I IP & Pfl 11 Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. MLLII ft Wll- San Francisco.
~™ BELTING.
LD TIFfiPM Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. IICIICN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis,
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
" , BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $60, $65 and $75. Crescents, in Men's
and Ladies 1 $35. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL. 303 Larkin street.
BOILER MAKERS.
~- _«* W. J. Brad y' s Patent
V 3 If DETACHABLE
/Crt*- Y'F MUD DRUM
lySßß^f^R for steam Boilers -
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Rep&iw and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045. .__
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
T D MnTUTYDr Bookbinder and Printer,
J. Di lllbin 1 1 tllj. 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTING OOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUG H, COLCHER & CO.
538 .Mnrket Street.
SEND FOlt CATALOGUE.
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox, Supt. H. Blyth, Mpr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
Mr« M H fIRFR £f ft equipoise waists.
IHrS.fll.n.UDKtt & lU. 3tQearyBt.,Tel.BedHol
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO.. costumers: wigs; play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1615.
DENTIST.
DR- C- XI- RICHARDS, SE. corner Kearny.
DRAYAQE.
McNAB & SMITH, s
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO .fo e nTt SS d °TT n ce d l S ]lfa VV i ce n n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented. over $14,000,000
$fj X For 4 Rooms
I O Furniture,
jN CONSISTING
PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-
ROOM AND KITCHEN.
Extension Tables $4.00
Carpets " 40c
Combination Bookcases ". $6.00
Goods sold on eaey payments. Catalogues
mailed free. Free Deliver- across the bay.
X. BRILLIANT, ,
Telephone Main 1850. 338 and 340 Post Street.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S' 0™* {
jftgfgt Museum of Anatomy
/Psril ICSI i:mj:T st - let. CUi * 7th < B. ff. OiL
U B B The L»rgtit of Its kind in tin World.
V Jp&\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
1«W ' JL^ OoniuHtilou fre«. Writ* for Hook '•
\\ I (^Philosophy of Marriage.
« «B MAILED KNKC.
Emma : Carrie, I think Elsie makes such a mistake to be taking
tonics all the time. My experience is that a tonic is
only good after I have had a regular house cleaning,
and after that I don't seem to need any tonic. It is
remarkable how well Ripans Tabules suit my case. V I
don't take one once a week, but whenever I do thej >
do the business.
Carrie : The tabules contain nux, and that is a tonic
JfeIMAJU I don't. care whatjthey contain* they are just wonderful^
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.: only maker*
on the coast. 219 Front st. ; " tel. Front 38.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS! RfIYFS £ m Shipping Butchers. 108
JA3' DUICyOMU., Clay: Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
VATMNAf Flour Mills. J. Martensteln & Co.
iiailUllAL S.W.cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
HARDWARE.
DALACK Hardware Co., lmporters Dealers
* in Hardware, 003 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
j LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkin St., S. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of ail
kinds of Harness and dealers in Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or write
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton &Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 13G Sutter St..
San Francisco. Telephone Main 317.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemons in bottles
and cases. L. O. Sresovich Co., 521 Sanuome St.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFDMHiDn Mattress Co., 642 Mission
Hie DCnnIIAKU 6 t. Telephone Main 1671.
PAPER DEALERS. .
Wll I AMETTE PULP AND PAPER CO.,
Tl ILLHmL II L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS. f
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and mUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE. '
* 23 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
ynnilfAeency. Reloading, developing, prlnt-
jWil/ilYing. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
C. H. UMBSEN & CO..
r.EAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnMCCTin" Pre-eminently the machine for
UUmiLdllU family use. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
GD I lirV * C(i 123 California street.
. I\, Lit! a LU,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c o g IL pMc CARTRIDGE, »ff nl ffi
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, SSS^a^t ■>
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms ru iCDf ¥CC Claus Spreckels
407, 408, 409, 410 vIIA DLIJJ Bldg., 4th Floor.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successors
to Hawks & Shattuck. The Home Industry |
House. 608 Clay st. I
TYPEWRITERS.
||||^ ALL TYPEWRITERS RENTED. \
S3«jjjSrt Few partly r.sed for Bale cheap.
pp.aKJj.ftv Send for samples and prices.
L. 1 1. ALEXANDER, 110 Montgomery.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER, manufacturer of
■ carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done In
I first-class style at fair prices for good work.
K''l2S Spear St.; tel. Main 235.
." WAREHOUSEMEN.-
; THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers,
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
General office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 191 L ;
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON. 733 Market st.
Wholesale and retail ' Special 15-year-old
Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels building.
! DAWSOI CM DIRECT.
The New Passenger Steamer
OIRIGO
' POSITIVELY SAILS
' SATURDAY, JUNE 18, .3 P. M.
' FARE 8130.
Connecting with the New Fast River Packet
CITY OF DAWSON.
Ticket Office 42 Montgomery St.
4 i i _ _ ..j.
crs?sv\ We Rent all Makes. Few partly
a£Ji£«£s» used for Sale cheap. Send for
Ss?£SK Samples and Prices. !
pil: lV& M.ALEXANDER
<3gilis Agents SMITH PREMIER ,
1 1Q MONTGOMERY ST., S. F..CALJ
summer resort
Subscribers camping at iccalities along thelne of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spen-5 your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
| alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing. Tennis, Bowling, Billiards. Croiuet.
Handball. Shufltfcboard, Livery and Burros for
the children. :i>-
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $19 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 Co $7 per
week.
Call or address
, .'- BARTLETT. SPRINGS CO.. .
22 Fourth ft., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS, Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC^ ISLAND!
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart in America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stage ride.
■ Eellghtful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, dar.?ing, pyrotechnics, water
carnival, etc
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; /efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. bPLEXDID akuaNGEMKNT
.. ' . . for campers.
Full Information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlets. ■••■•-"-'• ■ -■;■-■■■ -•;-.■■. •■ •■ ... .
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO., "
222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Los Angeles. Cal.
SARATOGA SPEIUS.
County, Cal, •
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrlvsied. Sixteen varieties, of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and daily mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor,- or in San Francisco,- 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE. ■...•,.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For reßt, health and pleasure, fine water*
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. ■ F.. $8; trains leave daily
nt Third and Townsend 8 a. m for Sole dad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON. Manager.
Ok/ Aft ft HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co
\H flllll\ On 4 * hours from S. F. and
UIVnUUv but 3 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate: good trout
streams" at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from 8. F. only $5 50; take Tiburoa
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. .' Terms. $1 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th*
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.:
This delightful watering place is located Id
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and odd
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10. •
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINQ. Manager.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate , unsurpassed: chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four houia from city, Telephone. < .; .
• E. .ANGWIN, Anjrwln. Nnpa ; County, Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes-
wick, Sisklyou County, Cal. ■■ ■ ■ • ..-•• '
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. ,
: Natural advantages; palubrlous llmcte: pip;
turesque scenery; - mountain walks: : pure
spring water; beautiful .drives; pine groves;
lawns and . gardens. The best advantages for
those; who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture In a short time. 'Address St.
Helena Sar.'tarium, St. Helena. Cal. >
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
Tehama County. ■ By rail to Red ■ Bluff, 1M
miles; fare. ) $6 45: dally stage to springs. 5
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations. at hotel for
100 people: telephone, -telegraph and postnffic»
In hotel: rates. $10 and up:, tend for book of
Information and testimonial*. ED. U. WAL-
BRIDGE. Proprietor. . . - . ■
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
, Most wonderful waters; all "' kinds of -skin
diseases cured In marvelously short time; kid-
ney, ' liver, catarrh, . rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; ■ rates $10 to $1S
Jier week. Long-distance telephone. Address
. A. HATS. Proprietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from HoptanU; ; ; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths: fur-
niched cottages; terms *10 to «i2-per - week
Telephone. Buy thmu&h tickets. :O. HOWELL
Proprietor,' Mopland. Cr.l. '- ■ s '.'■'"
"Hf TOCALOMA. M o^
; ;BERTRAND\HOTEL.
First - class;, accommodations; reasonable
rates: fishing: beautiful >- drives .to Bear Valley
ttc. JOSEFH F. BERTRAND or Xi Keamy st,
LAKESIDE HOUSE, take Tahoe.
' Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
for. driving to all ■ points of . interest on 'or near
the leke. Boats free to guests. For circular
and terms address E. B. SMITH & CO., Bijou
Postotlke, Cal. .
DEER PARK INfsf
[Lake Talioe), elevation twUI -feeet, opens June
V -.Flue accommodations. . Cottages with * pri-
. vate - baths and ' open fires. ■ .Table unsurpassed
R. tR, rate*. ; 113 60 for : ROUND 1 RIP. J. sB.
I.tttHY. rooo, \, flood JjuUdllW. B»o FrmeUoo.
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
is along SAN FRANCISCO and
of E the NE NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
■' (The Pictamqat Bocte of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over fOO. well
etockeil with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resortu.
If you want to enjoy the ' oire life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will be
glad to have yon.
Camping grounds are free..
' At the Reports and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For. detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office. SOO Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and Cnllfornia sts.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco- and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin, Sonoma. Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, ploag Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
For detailed "information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General ' Office, Mutual Life building, Sanscms
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General Man-
ager. .
(|ILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Under new management.
A fiQ
MECCA Vs?
c For the annual seeder after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with th» 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsend streets.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortoni and Poodle Dog
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
*KsC^> OAKLAND,
wr^^^i, i3th and Jefferson Sts, !
fe\^^il|Sr ?nly? nIy 33 minutes
tt"i»!£»^f!'»T?irtff!»Ja? 'from San Fran-
[g^«-**'^siA?! Cisco. ■.•
iiS?^f)!|^',tei ' A* Desirable Summer
. andWinterßesortfor
r> •*, » .n t, Families, . Travelers
R. M. BRIARE, Prop. an a Tourists.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Chtraing Bpot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests, Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate. perfect. Sixteen miles from
TrucScee in.the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because it is I
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air i
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-"
pen.lence Lake will be open to the public.
/l^TtflO No staging to get there.
La I 18/3 0 ,,, f0g. mosquitoes rr i
rSulll.l& winds, when yOuv O u are
- there. Table unsurpassed. I
— -■■ ■.; V-V-.. Rates ClO. $12. $14 a week
t7_^- „•_,_._ Round trip tickets »7. W.
v- ,- M U chel! - Manager:
4j|/l lllgd Bu.Wlng Wen>Agent - CaU
CARLSBAD!
HOST BEAUTIFUL SPOI IN LAKE COUNTY
The Mineral Barings are well known tor mar-
velous cures when everything else fallad es-
pecially in cases of STOMACH. LIVER KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel-
tuperlor accommodations;. $S to 110 per we->k :
roads excellent; good trout fishing and desr
huntlnr on property. For particulars -/ritaW
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad. l!ak 9 Cour.tJ
howard nSf;
Accommodations unsurpassed "
ateS 8 tof l a and s1 t 2 lep S hh P 0 e ne alt 0 ™ t0 *-
Marked Btreet. IW * S ° Uthern - aclflo office. 611
Address MRS. R. J. BKEBT.
ft %. GOOD \ ITCfr m ent Ko treat-
ft J IB hand at HOTEL GISELMAN
VIV Jif Lakeport. Cal.
A. H. BPURR, Pnoprietop.
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Oazadero. on stags line.
Good ; trout , fishing, .plenty , fruit, cream and
milk; free • conveyance . for parties of two or
LrxipfwPß >edwood " scenery. Address J.
LUTI RINGER, Seavlew, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. S. F.. for pai-
tlculars, • ■:.-■•.■-.. " »~
AGUA CALIENTE SPRIGS HOTEL,
Sonoma, Valley, two hours from 8, F via rib-
urt> " ferry. Warm. mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled »na refur-
nished. -Water-gas, electric bells. r.Vea iiu to
Jl2 per week, $2 per day. Address AQUA CALX-
ENTE SPRINGS. A B ua Callente. Sonoma Co.,
HOTEL BEN VENUE,
.... Lakeport, Cal. "V3tJ&&iß§**
■■•- Situated on . Hie snore of . Clear < Lake; nn»
: large grounds; : special - tacllitles - for ■- families
and children; , home . cooking, boating, bathing.
2?i a ?%o ratel " reasonable. Addrew FRA.NIi
I SCALES Md A. iS. gQAWIB.
Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES, CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER. Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
f
FjMmMßllgniFMM'Ri! pTjp ff^'f *iffl?
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES.
• ■"• '■.'.-.;' PAID ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
'ill SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all J.lnds of amuse-
ments; new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
hig alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlet*.
j Ban Francisco office, 316 Montgomery street.
! Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, jl,
Sonoma, County. . 6 Hours from San Fraacl»eo»
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS. .
.. Grandest scenery. Tha hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc. :
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATH 9.
Tepid Swimming ~ake. Long-distance Tele-
phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms. (10 ami $15 per week : $2 and %2 50 per
day. K. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River.
2 hours from S. F.. 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in . Santa Crua
M'ts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New.
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, $3.
Address THOMAS L. BELL. Prop., South Bea
Lomond. - .-..--. ■'-:■■ . -
ben '-'Lomond.
Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J.jk JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, Cal. >-».v ; w^> ''---
CALAVERA^mG; TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 'miles' by • Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. Fare *S. F. to Calaveraa
Big Trees and return $17*. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent, SO Montgomery street.
LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. New management. Beautifully
situated on Upper Blue Lake, Lake Co., Cal.
Leave 8. F. 7 a. m.. arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Fishing, hunting, boating and bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chlcl:3n dinners Sunday. Wednesday
and Friday. Ter. >. $7 to $10 rer week.
W. S. PHILLIPS. Bertha P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD
In the Heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Improved Table Service. Reasonable Rates.
For Particulars Apply to
M. S. COX, Laurel Postofflce.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH. •
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, j butter, milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot. 17
per week. JOHN D. WINTER. Cloverdale. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
, Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
table and livery; boating and bathing .'ree:
$8 to 114 per week; round trip. *9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. P.. Lake County, Cal.
MONTE VISTA.
Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. All kinds of mountain fruit, freiS
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs of
pure, soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN, Monte. Vista. Dutch
Flat, Placer County, Cal. ' ■-
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
- Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. O. HOITT.
SUMMIT SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 6009 feeu
Daily mall. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June 1. Address OOUL-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer, .Placer Co.. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet- Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERO RESORT. Napa, Cat
SUMMER HOME FARM.
Santa Crua Mountains. ; first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming: long
distance telephone; campers' return ticket*
$2 50. Send for circular to J. 11. HAESTER3.
Glenwood. Cal.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
Ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLRMG AM E, Proprietors. Sod* Bay.
Kelseyville. Lake County. Cal. .
WRITE W. H. MILL UK. I .lah. or livery ao-
ccmmodatlons to springs In La-'te and Men-
aocino : counties to save - money. .■■•■'■ .
CHEAPEST and best In America— ThY Weekly
. Call. Sent to : any address In the United
States or Canada one year for Jl 50, pastas*
free. . :-.--..■ '. . .: . . :S -. ?:-y.
J',^&ES&B^!L'j-iM Bi,s €r Is a uon-poisbnon«
<'^P^^sl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
CCBEa^H Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
JglfW in 1 to6<i»yi. vSJ Whites, unnatural dig-
flPV Oo»rtpi«:d h charges, or any iuflamma-
|sJ n»» v> itrteiur*. tion, Irritation or ukera- »
JP-—^Prevent* o&iiir.cion. tion of •Mm c q v» ■ mem-
KiJVkeEvaN3 GHEl!10»l Ro. branea. Non-astringent.
CINC!!I!< *TI.O Ej9H a ° ld *>? S>rajrsUU.
Ink C. a a jW or fett in plain wrapper.
/^IbV. JisCV «xpr«<a, prcpuiti, rot
fi.oo. .- 3 botth*, *?.7a.THE TROOP-LADEN TRANSPORTS READY FOR SEA.
SHIPS IN THE
STREAM AND
NOW READY.
Continued from First Page.
culated by an air blower in the for'ard
part of the ship, and other pipes, of
which the scientific name is take-ups,
carry off the heated air in another di
rection. Electric bulbs, full of promise
for tlie immediate future, twinkle in the
light from huge bulkhead lamps which
cover the present necessity.
The men slept, lounged, arranged
iheir personal belongings and were
strangely still. The business of war
has begun f>>r them. Even to youth,
courage and confidence that thought
must be sometimes grim. And they
are far from their own. Perhaps there
was something in the cordial, cheerful,
patriotic good-bya we gave them that
them hunger for the good-bys of
Colorado, of Pennsylvania, of Utah, of
home.
The stperage proper has no patent
Turner beds, no patent air blowers, no
electricity. The men sleep on the old
fashfoced canvas stretcher which may I
be ripped from its iron supports and put
through the wash. They have port
holes to both sides of them and take
their cold air straight from the sea.
They seemed content with such modest
delights as these, and, on my soul, I,
too, would prefer them to all the mod
ern improvements which go to mitigate
the darh peculiarities of the banana
deck.
"By the way," I asked the captain,
"why is it called the banana deck?"
"Because," said the captain, "It la
where we carry bananas."
But who would have thought of so
simple a reason? Especially now, with
half of eight hundred and seventy-one
soldiers stowed away in it.
"Boots" was among them.
"Boots" is the mascot of his regi
ment, with his name and number
stitched upon his left sleeve. It is the
Bleeve of a soldier and the heart of a
•r beats away under It. He stood I
about to my belt In his little stock
ings and he had marched the foot out
■ of them and dug his five little
boy toes into the banana deck as he
talked.
"Why did you come. Boots?"
" '<_';. use I wanted to."
"Wanted to fight?"
Boots smiled. "I wanted to stick by
the boys."
"Havf you known them very long?"
"I joined four years ago. I went with
'em to the strikes."
"Has he got a mother?" I asked.
"Oh, yes," said one of the men, "but
iho couldn't keep him. He's ours."
The upper deck swarmed with girls
—girls in sailor hats and coats glitter
ing with military buttons, and an air
>f following tho army. They flirted
recklessly, glanced ktlling'.y. clung ten-
Serly, parted regretfully when the hour
»f parting came — wept a tear or two,
genuine, I dare say. For a handsome
Boldier is something to weep for, isn't
MAIL FOR THE PHILIPPINES.
All Letters to Go by the Transports
Leaving To-Day Should Be Mailed
Before 10 A. M.
" Mail will be sent to Manila on the transports leaving to-day.
Any" one having mail to send to the troops or sailors at Manila should
have same in the postoffice before 11 a, m. Addresses should be definite,
nite giving the name and company, and the State from which the
troops came or if a sailor, the ship to which he belongs. The rates of
postage are 'exactly the same as to any point in the United States.
le? even if you have known him only
t week.
A lightsome eye, a soldier's mien
A feather of the blue,
A doublet of the Lincoln green.
No more of me you knew.
My iove!
No more of me you knew.
And gilt cross swords are as good as
l blue feather any day, and the color
»f the doublet doesn't really make any
lifference.
On the Broadway wharf was neither
raiety nor grief. Only the grind to get
•eady and the bitterness of hope de
terred. Not only was everything late
•or the Senator, but early in the day
»er ice machine broke down and ma
:hinists were called from the Union
Iron Works to make the necessary re
jairs. It was night before the refrig
erator was repaired and the ship ready
so go out into the stream. The Ne
braska men arrived at the dock to find
the prospect of departure declining
into the small hours of the morning.
They played handball in the streets
before the pier, to the joy of the water
front vagabondia, and affected not to
hear the joyous whistle of the Zealan
dia sliding out into the stream. The
tide was running hard against her and
as the lines were cast her nose prod
ded viciously into the pier. Three times
she made a false start which took her
straight against the piles and then the
little Monarch puffed up beside her and
pulled her clear.
The boys below felt the motion undet
them and swarmed to the deck. The
boys on the deck climbed to the rail
and the rigging. The crowd on the pier
cheered hoarsely.
The men hung over the side, waving
their hats, their handkerchiefs, their
empty hands — thrilled with the vivid
sense of departure. The men and
women on the pier ran out to the edge
of it, stretching out their arms, crying,
cheering, waving hats and handker
chiefs, too, but not so gaily — chilled
with the sense of being left behind.
IN LINE AT SUNRISE.
Early Morning Scenes When
the Troops Marched From
Camp Merritt.
"With the first refulgent rays of the
rising sun melting through the mist
crowned summit of Lone Mountain,
4000 brave boys in blue yesterday morn
ing shouldered their arms and
marched away from Camp Merritt to
the stirring music of many bands and
the cheers of many comrades. Right
royal was their departure and sincere
were the "good by" and "God bless
you" of their less fortunate comrades
who must remain until the order of "on
to Manila" releases them from the chaf
ing Inactivity of camp. Those who
were left are envious but not Jealous,
and in the "godspeed" that they have
those who departed they best expressed
the longing of their soldierly hearts —
the desire as It were — "to be up and at
them."
Impressive to that degree that leaves
an ineffaceable picture in one's memory
were the scenes and incidents attend
ant upon the leaving of the second ex
pedition from Camp Merritt. It is
such scenes that we treasure, it is such
memories that remain green when time
has laid its killing blight upon our
keener mental faculties. As I watched
those brave soldiers go forth frum
camp with that firm and confident ex
pression upon their countenances, I
knew that they went to do or die.
There was no doubting the purpose of
their resolve — it was indelibly stamped
upon everything they did— and as the
long, blue columns marched away with
their standard proudly fluttering in the
breath of the early morning, I knew
those same men were going to make
rich the future annals of history. They
went, nay, they have gone, as older
men have told me their predecessors
went in bygone days, and whether the
fortunes of war accord to the3e soldiers
victory or defeat, some of them will
leave behind them an honored and
priceless heritage to those who shall
come after. Yes, they will leave be
hind them, mark it such deeds as may
be told around the family hearthstone —
deeds that fire* the hearts of the young.
that incite to emulation and that will
mold our country's future patriots.
The cool chill of night still hung over
the tented field when the clear and
mellow-toned notes of the bugle awoke
the echoes with the "Reveille" call. In
the uncertain light of the morning I
saw the dim figures of stalwart men
emerge from their tents and form in
silent lines to answer to their names
for the last time at Carrip Merritt. The
roll call over, these same men began
their systematic preparations for de
parture. Like bo many well-regulated
machines they busied themselves here
and there, and as the light grew
stronger and I could see them more dis
tinctly I recognized the wonderful force
of perfect discipline; I appreciated the
power of the ceaseless drill. Every
man had something to do and he was
doing it. Each soldier was doing the
right thing at the right time, and in
the right place. These soldiers, by
virtue of the laws of the art of war,
have resolved themselves into so many
perfectly made cogs in a perfectly
made machine.
With precision and grace, at the bu
gle call, the white tent* fluttered down
THE SA"N T FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1898.
and were rolled up and packed away,
while none the less systematically each
soldier prepared his kit in heavy \
marching order. Then the camp lug- j
gage and the effects of the officers were !
packed and placed in piles to be re- j
moved later in large drays. Quietly
the men partook of their last meal, and
this over there was a short space of
time in which their comrades, and the !
brother officers of those departing, came i
to say good-by and to wish success
and safety. Exchanges of good fel- i
lowship were cut short by the "first
call," and the fighting machines un- j
hesitatingly fell into ranks. Then the '
officers, the men who are to lead and
direct these soldiers, assumed com
mand, and the final roll was called by
the sergeants, and the guns dropped
automatically from the "right shoul
der" as the men answered "Here" in
a way that meant that they were there,
yes, there to stay, and if need be to
die. I felt the fever of patriotism run
hot through my veins at the ominous
opening and closing of the gun cham
bers.
There was a suggestive music in the
metallic rattle that painted in no un
certain colors the battlefield, the roar
of musketry, the clash of arms, the
charge, the laying down of life for
country, and above all the victory won.
There came the command to "march,"
and the various companies formed in
columns and filed from their camp.
First the two battalions of the Eight
epnth and Twenty-third, then the First
Colorado Regiment and next the Utah
Light Artillery. Later in the day the
Tenth Pennsylvania, First Nebraska
and the detachment from the Corps of
Engineers followed, they being detained
in their departure because their trans
ports were not ready for them to go
aboard.
As the columns filed out on to First
avenue the drum major tossed up Into
thf nir his baton, and the morning sun
kissed its bright, silvery head and
threw a kindly glint of pure rays In
all directions — and then there was a
crash of cymbals, a long roll of the
snare drums and a blast from the
horns— and to the stirring strains of a
lively two-step those proud soldiers
swung off with measured and quick
ened step, while from every camp there
burst a mighty wave of cheering that
grew and swelled in volume until even
the music of the band became a softer
monotone that ran like the vein of
some sweet refrain between the waves
of those honest, soldierly cheers. Down
First avenue and up Point Lobos ave
nue those long blue columns of men and
guns marched away, and as they climb
ed the hill and then were hidden from
sierht by its crest the duet of the march,
like some sacrificial incense, bore above
the prayer that God would go with
those men and keep them safe and
bring them back to us in health and
happiness, and that for what they have
dared they may some day have all due
honor, and by right of the laurels they
may win roap the reward of a sweet
and" deserved peace.
JOSEPH ALLEN WHEAT.
A SOLDIER SHOT
AT CAMP MERRITT
Private Reid of the Twenty-
Third Infantry Accidentally
Wounded in the Leg.
The effect of a bullet from the Krag-
Jorgensen army rifle was painfully il
lustrated at Camp Merritt yesterday
afternoon when Private Reid, Com
pany X, Twenty-third United States
Infantry, was shot through the left leg
by Private Tullis of Company I of the
same regiment. Tullis and Reid are
among the number of new recruits who
have recently joined the regiment.
Tullis was examining his gun and
slipped a cartridge into it, when in
some way he discharged his weapon.
The bullet passed through six tents and
a haversack filled with clothing. It
then struck Reid in the left leg below
the knee, passing entirely through the
bone and shattering it in a horrible
manner. Reid was sitting in his tent
at the time. He was carried at once
to the hospital and there is very little
chance, in the surgeon's opinion, of
amputation being avoided. Tullis was
placed under arrest and he will be
severely punished.
CHIEF LEES' REVENGE.
The Military Not Likely to Cut
Him Off From Leading a
Procession Again.
This is an incident of the departure of
troops, yesterday, and tolls of Chief Lees'
mode of revenge for General Otis refus
ing to turn over the command of Camp
Merritt to the Chief and his further slight
In not ordering a consolidated parade of
the warriors, thus depriving the over-ripe
Chief of un opportunity to exhibit his in
firmities to a suffering people.
Major General Otis' lack of considera
tion for Lees, when he Issued his orders
for the embarkation of the Second Manila
expedition, amounted to more than a
slight; it verged on an insult. In the first
place, the troops were ordered to break
camp at 7 a. m., and to arrive at the ships
by 9 o'clock. This in itself was not at all
to Lees' liking, for not half the people
could get down town so early In the day,
while the residents of Alameda towns
were entirely shut out from witnessing
the display.
But to make matters worse, General
Otis, by accident or design, failed to des
ignate any line of inarch to the docks, and
as a last affront to the Chief, gave the
commanders of the regiments, battalions
and batteries comprising the expedition
power to use thefr own discretion as to
the- exact time of their departure and the
route they should take. This split the
display Into three or four minor proces
sions and effectually checked the Chief
from rushing to the front with an offer
of a police escort with himself togged up
liko a carnival prize winner, to lead the
whole Schuetzen Verein.
The Chief was sore. Only a few days
more arc left for him to place himself on
exhibition and to be defrauded out of such
an opportunity was more than he could
st;t;i'l without resenting the affront. After
hours of meditation he hit upon a plan of
revenge.
He would leave the soldiers to the ten
der mercies of a mob of enthusiastic San
Francls< ans.
His plan was carried out to the letter,
and worked to a charm. No provision
was made for an extra detail and hardly
a policeman, with the exception of Cap
tain Dunlevy's company at the docks,
was st-^n along the streets, and the few
who did lounge on the corners made no
effort whatever to clear a passageway for
the troops.
Down Market street the men literally
fought their way through the throngs,
their ranks were broken, companies were
A POSTOFFICE FOR MANILA.
George F. Conway, Who Will Be
Chief Postmaster of the
Philippines.
George F. Conway, Edward M.
Kelly and F. W. Vaille went on
board the big ships of the Manila
expedition yesterday. They will es
tablish a I'nited States postofHce at
Manila as soon as the United States
troops shall have made such a
thing possible. Mr. Conway is head
clerk of the expedition and will lose
no time in getting his iwstoitice in
order. They take with them Sever
al tons of postoffice supplies in the
shape of blanks, stamps, envelopes,
account books, money orders, regis
ter blanks, postofflce boxes and
other office necessaries.
cut off from their battalions, and the ut
most confusion reigned. Groups of wo
men rushed In amonu the soldiers and
marched with them to the dock, nor heed
ed the Ineffectual protests of the com
manding officers.
Down town trucks and express wagons
blocked the way, halting the troops, while
the drivers jeered at the soldiers' efforts
to K> t past. Near Fourth street a citi
zen proclaimed his right to perform the
functions of a peace officer and led an
express wagon out of the way. The driver
tnreatened to assault the citizen for in
terfering, but declined to accept the lat
ter's offer to get off his wagon.
Men, women and children were pitched
about and that nobody was killed by cars
or teams is not due to police protection.
The soldiers reached the docks in an ex
hausted condition after their battle with
the crowds. Altogether it was a disgrace
to the city, but Chief Lees has taught
General Otis not to overlook him again
when there is a pnrade of troops.
THE CENTENNIAL BARRED.
Last Touches on the Trans-
ports — The Next
Fleet.
The pilots were all aboard the trans
ports last night and will be ready to take
out the vessels when the order is given.
Captain F. W. Jordan is assigned to the
China, Captain yon Schmidt to the Colon,,
Captain Freeman to the Senator, and Cap
tain McCulloch to the Zealandia.
As soon as the Zealandia leaves the
Oceanic dock the Indiana will take her
place and the work of getting her ready
will begin at once. The Ohio is now at
Lombard street wharf, the Morgan City
wlll go to section 4 of the seawall, the
City of Para will be fitted out at the Mail
dock and the City of Puebla at Broad
way wharf on her return from Puget
Sound. It will be ten days or a fortnight
before this third lleet is ready to get
away.
The Government finally decided yester
day that the steamer Centennial was not
fitted for a transport, so she will not carry
troops to Manila. Her owners demanded a
resurvey after she was rejected the first
time, and an examining board was sent
from Mare Island to look her over. As
the result of their report Uncle Sam de
cided that he did not want the vessel.
The coast defense steamer Monadnock
and tbe collier Nero (lato ]the Whitgift)
are ready for their long voyage to Manila
and will probably come down from the
navy yard to-day. If nothing delays them
they may get away with the transports,
but will not reach Honolulu with them, as
the Monadnock will take her time and the
Nero will have to accommodate her speed
to that of the coast defense vessel.
ARMY HEADQUARTERS.
Assignment of Various Officers
in Connection With the Ex-
peditionary Forces.
The following assistant adjutant gen
erals of the United States Volunteers
have been assigned to duty as follows;
Captain J. G. Blame and Captain T. Bent
ley Mott, under Brigadier General King,
and Captain Edward Murphy and Major
Harry C. Hale, under Brigadier General
H. G. Otis.
Captain A. 8. Kimball, assistant quar
termaster, has been ordered to report for
duty to Brigadier General H. G. Otis, who
has appointed him chief quartermaster of
the Third Brigude.
First Lieutenant F. J. Kernan, Twenty
third Regular Infantry, has been ordered
to report to Brigadier General Mac Arthur
for duty.
Major Thomas 11. Barry, who has been
acting as assistant to Adjutant General
Babcock of General Merritfs staff, has
been assigned to duty under Major Gen
erul Otis, in command of Camp Merrltt.
Major Sturges has taken the place of Ma
jor Barry in Adjutant General Babcock's
office.
Lieutenant Colonel Jewett, Judge advo
cate on General Merritt's staff, sails to
day with the Manila expedition.
Major Frank S. Bourns. United States
Volunteers will sail to-day with the
Manila expedition, of which he is chief
surgeon.
THE PRESIDIO CAMP.
All Companies of the Sixth Cali-
fornia Volunteers Have
Gone to Other Posts.
Lieutenant Colonel Johnson and his
command of two companies, C and G, of
the Sixth California Volunteers, left the
Presidio yesterday morning on the Gov
ernment steamer General McDowell for
Benecia Arsenal, where they ire to per
form guard duty. Companies B, D, E and
H departed soon after for Fort Point to
go into camp there and in addition to do
ing guard duty they will be drilled in the
handling of the heavy guns at that fortifi
cation. With the departure of these troops
there are no more of the Sixth California
Regiment at the Presidio
The Third Artillery band, under "the di
rection of Bandmaster Reinmeta, gave a
complimentary concert yesterday after
noon to. the regiment, which proved quite
an attraction to a large number of visit
ors as well as to the artillerymen. The
concert was given at the suggestion of
the commanding officer of the regiment.
noV^iJ^ni,^ 6 band ' " ' 9 Sald ' Wlll
Captain Baunt, a regular army surgeon
Th ird A d ?;f, sterdaj to Major Hess, of the
ci rd ex A pp r ed!ifo m':r n': for duty on the thlrd Ma "
The Third ArtiHerv is being ranldlv
led to its limit. Lieutenant Abernah/
&£ r P e n[r««l g fflc <. er ln the Phelan build
?r7i/J kfs ° Ut twent >'-nve men yes
terday ,, Six , more men from Healdsburg
S»^ enl Tii edl H ma , k , ln ,F thlrt >- s l* from that
place. The Healdsburg recruits have a
fine banner, which was presented to them
very^ro^^ 01"0 1 " ™' £Uld the "5
Captain C. W. Hobbs. of the Third
United States Artillery, has been dcS S
as mustering officer for the division that
comprises all the commands of the Phil
ippine expeditionary forces.
PRIVATE HENRY DAMANN.
A Pathetic Story of Army Life
and Death.
Henry Damann, private, Company X
Fourteenth Infantry, United States reg
ular army, died of pneumonia Monday
evening at 7 o'clock at the French Hos
pital. He will be buried with the usual
military honors at the Presidio to-day.
It is a grievous thing that Private Hen
ry Damann should die. He was one of
those few who hold his country and his
country's honor first before his own;
from his clattering army boots to his
slouching army hat he was a patriot; to
the deepest depth of his heart he was a
patriot; in his physique, his morals and
his relations with men he was a soldier
it was bred in every line of him.
Not two years ago he loft a mother in
the little town of Fairbolt, Minn., to
make his way alone. His support hung
heavy on her meager means, and though
he had left but eighteen years behind him
he saw his duty and would do his utmost
in its fulfillment. Living how he only
knew he finally cast his lot in San Fran
cisco.
At this and at that he occupied his
time until the time came when his coun
try needfnl him. Casting everything else
behind he presented himself at the first
recruiting station. His physique was
standard, his morals the best, but— he
lacked a year. Broken hearted he turned
away, but soon returned. He entreated
he cajoled, he fought for every point in
his favor, but there were plenty coming
in who had that extra year and they sent
him out.
Again he came, this time with a smile
of triumphant happiness and a guardian.
He had learned a trick and he made it
win. Henry Damann after two weeks of
hard patriotic fighting had earned and
won the right to light and not a day
since then has he let slip a chance to fit
himself tor it.
When his sickness came upon him he
hid it; resorted to his own unskilled rem
edies in fear that his regiment would dis
card him and his chances to fight be lost.
They took him to his last bed, in a cheer
less ward, where, Monday night, in a
spasm of dread lockjaw and fearful lung
pains, he died, unconscious.
A CHANCE FOR FAREWELL
The Ukiah Will Take Out
Friends of the Soldiers.
The following letter to the president of
the Patriotic Home Helpers Is self-ex
planatory:
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14, ISHS.
Hon. W. \Y. Morrow, Han Francisco, Cal.
My l>ear Judge: I have to-day issued the fol
lowing notice:
"The San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
..•ay Company's steamer Vklah will leave
Tlburon ferry to-morruw (Wednesday), the 15th
inst., to accompany on the bay the transports
Waving with troops for th? Philippines. To pre
vent overcrowding only 1000 tickets will he is
sued. Price, SO cents each. Total receipts will
be donated to the 'Patriotic Home Helpers." "
Time of departure will be announced as soon
as official Information can be obtained. Very
truly yours, A. \V. FOSTER.
FOURTH BRIGADE.
The Commanding Officer Is-
sues His First General
Order.
Brigadier General Arthur Mac Arthur
made his official bow to the officers of his
brigade yesterday afternoon and caused
to be issued the first orders from his de
partment. They read as follows:
Headquarters Fourth Brigade, Independent Di
vision, Philippine Expeditionary Forces.
General Order, No. 1.
SAN FRANCISCO. June 14, IS9B.
In pursuance of General Orders No. 5. from
Headquarters Independent Division Philippine
Islands ' Expeditionary forces, the undersigned
hereby assumes command of the Fourth Bri-
Kr\i\c 'consisting of the following organizations:
First Regiment North Dakota Infantry, V. S.
V ; First Regiment South Dakota Infantry, U.
S V • Flftv-ftrst Reirlment lowa Infantry. U.
g' v.' " ARTHTTR MACARTHUR,
Brigadier General Fourth Brigade, United
States Volunteer?.
Brigade headquarters will be erected
to-day In the big sage covered lot be
tween the field hospital and the camp of
the First North Dakota. General Mac-
Arthur has not yet selected his staff of
ficers.
CAMP MERRITT TROOPS.
Space for Tennessee Volun
teers— Colonel Funston of
Kansas Due To-Day.
The chief event of interest, at Camp
Meriitt yesterday was the departure . of
the second ; expedition :to Manila. » ; Nearly
4000 troops were ; withdrawn ; from Major
General Otis' , army, and their going away
l&t quite a gap la the .yfetta ficyjtffllJiilA.
THE EMPORIUM.
t¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥H
Three Hours of Marvelous
Bargain-Giving in the Big
Store This (Wednesday) Morning
The store gong -will ring at 9 o'clock and again at 12
o'clock. Regular prices for these goods before and
after those hours.
- w
Tumblers 20c Dozen*
1000 dozen Water Tumblers — glass not quite clear— good enough for*
common everyday use where children and servants break so many — the
very thing for putting up jellies and jams. On sale for the three ~\r\
hours only, per dozen..... ~ ZUC.
Crockery Department — Second Floor.
Violet Water 16c Bottle.
Our "True California Violet Water"— the real violet odor — frag- < /
rant and lasting— regular 25c size. For the three hours only- >OC
Toilet Article Department— Rotunda.
Leather Belts 15c*
Ladies' Leather Belts— i^ inches wide — leather lined and stoutly*
stitched — they have leather-covered harness buckles, and these are the five ,
colors in the lot: Black, Tan, Brown, Green and Dark Red. For < /-•
the three hours only the price will be.... * DC
Notion Department — First Floor.
Eastern Hams 10c lb*
• The Very Best Quality Sugar-cured Eastern Hams. On sale for 4/\
three hours only this morning per lb *UC
Model Grocery Department— First Floor.
Art Chemigraphs 12jc*
Beautiful Pictures— lBx22 inches in reproductions of famous paint-
ings— equal to engravings that cost many times our regular price for 4 ry±
these (25c each). Will be sold for three hours this morning at *^2^
Art Department— Floor.
The Emporium and
Golden Rule Bazaar.
of tents. After the departure of the
troops their camp sites were thoroughly
policed .and put in excellent condition for
the reception of the incoming regiments.
The Tennessee boys will arrive to-day
and occupy the camp vacated by the
First Colorado Regiment.
Colonel Fred Funston of Kansas, com
manding the Twentieth Kansas Regi
ment, is expected to arrive to-day and as
sume command of the regiment, relieving
Lieutenant Colonel Little.
Brigadier General King will establish
hie headquarters to-day In the same lot
with the large tent of the Catholic Truth
Society. Brigadier General H. G. Otis
will establish his headquarters this week
just as soon as he can secure the neces
sary tents from the quartermaster's de
partment.
Lieutenant A. V>~. Bradbury of the Sev
enth California, Company A, has been ap
pointed an aid upon the staff of Brigadier
General H. G. Otis. The recruiting detail
from the Seventh Regiment left for the
south last night.
HOLD YOUR HORSES.
War Department May Supply a
Transport for the
Steeds.
The order issued last Wednesday by
Major General Otis directing all officers
who had brought horses with them to
either ship their mounts home or turn
them over to the Inspectors to be exam-
ined and bought by the Government, for
cavalry purposes, will he rescinded if a
transport suitable for their transportation
can he secured.
A general wail went up as soon as Gen
eral Otis' unpopular order became public.
Nearly every otiicer in camp had brought
with him an animal that was the apple of
his eye, nags the cost of which ran well
up into the three figures. Since then a
deal of influence has been brought to bear
toward the securing of transportation,
with the result that yesterday there came
to the brigadiers of the different brigades
the following from Major General Otis:
To the Commanding General of the
Brigade— Sir: The following Is a copy of a
communication just received and is furnished
you for your Information and action. Please
give the required directions:
Headquarters Independent Division, Philippine
Islands Expeditionary Forces.
SAN FRANCISCO. June 13. IS9B.
Major General Otis, Commander Camp Mer
ritt— The general commanding directs that
awaiting a decision -from the War Department
as to the final disposition of private horses of
officers about to embark for the Philippines,
you direct such officers as may be about to
take ship to turn their horses over to the post
quartermaster at the Presidio for safe keep
ing. General Merrltt has been requested to is
sue the necessary orders to the quartermaster.
Very respectfully, J. B. HANCOCK.
Assistant Adjutant General.
By command MAJOR GENERAL OTIS.
. JOHN L. SEHON,
Assistant Adjutant General.
At the Presidio the horses of the differ-
THE THIRD MANILA EXPEDITION.
There now seems no doubt that the third expedition for Manila will
iall from this port on Saturday week. It can be stated upon the authority of
a prominent officer at Camp Merritt that the expedition will be under the
command of Brigadier General King. The make-up of the expedition while
not officially announced will. In all probability, consist of the two Idaho Bat
talions, the Fifty-first lowa Regiment, remaining detachment of the corps of
Engineers. First Montana Regiment, Seventh California Regiment, and the
First Tennessee Regiment. These troops, from the statement of a prominent
officer at Camp Merritt, are almost sure to be included in the next ex
pedition.
ent officers will be cared for by the Gov
ernment until the necessary transporta
tion arrangements can be made.
IN THE IOWA CAMP.
Two Skeletons Uncovered — A
Sure Sign That the Ghost
Will Walk.
Lieutenants Dull and Wilson, Company
C, Fifty-first lowa, uncovered a grewsome
find In their r Quarters yesterday. Lieu
tenant Dull : was trying to figure with a '
toothpick In the sand floor of his tent just ;
how much time had to elapse before pay- I
day. The toothpick came in contact with !
a i hard > substance of : some sort and the
curiosity of the officers was aroused.
Investigation developed a coffin stowed
away not a half foot from the surface and
In a bad : state "of decay. With a bayonet !
for a prod a well preserved skeleton, clad i
In ; heavy > boots and the desiccated rem- '
nants of a blanket, were unearthed. The j
regimental surgeon was hastily notified j
and hurried to : the scene of the discovery. j
Meanwhile another but not so well pre
served I skeleton | had been I unearthed | just
outside the tent. Both subjects were too
X&£ efl at f 4 Sox - tbo Coroner .to -sit on.
THE EMPORIUM.
however, and the surgeon had to content
himself with an Investigation Into the
probable sex and race of the skeletons.
Judging from orjiaments found In th«
coffins and from fragments of clothing the
remains are those of two of the many
Chinese at one time burled at the present
site of the camp.
Lieutenant Dull says that It Is a. certain
indication that the ghost will walk before
the next moon and he has succeeded In
quieting the superstitious fears of his
men with this promise.
Yesterday was pay-day in the camps of
the First Battnlion of California Heavy
Artillery, the Hospital Corps, the Four
teenth Infantry, First Troop Utah Cav
alry and the First Wyoming.
Paymaster McClure, accompanied by
the customary guard, officiated at this
most happy ceremony.
The First Montana Will be paid off this
morning at 10 o'clock.
MINNESOTA REGIMENT.
Forum Club and the Volunteers
Will Have a Night at the
Pavilion.
An enthuslastlff meeting of the trustees
of the Mechanics' Institute was held yes
terday afternoon to perfect the arrange
ments for the reception to be given to the
Thirteenth Minnesota Voluneers at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on Friday evening of
this week. It was announced that Major
General Merritt would review the froops
on that occasion and that Major Generals
Otis and Merriam had also been invited.
Governor Budd and staff. Mayor Phelan
and the brigadier generals ot the Unlteu
States forces now in this city and the
colonels commanding the different regi
ments would also be present.
Colonel Reeve, commanding the Minne
sota regiment, has prepared an elabor
ate programme for the evening illustrat
ing the different details of camp life and
the regimental band will give a prom
enade concert before the exhibition of tho
troops. The full regiment will attend.
Mrs. F. L. Whitney and Mrs. Martin
Regensburger. representing the Forum
Club, were present at the meeting
and stated that the Forum Club
would take entire charge of the
matter of providing refreshments for the
troops after the exhibition. The entire
machinery hall of the Pavilion will be
fitted up with tables for the accommoda
tion of the soldiers and the ladies of the
Forum Club will serve the troops with the
refreshments. Great interest is being
taken in the exhibition, and the seating
capacity of the Pavilion will be tested to
its utmost on that evening.
War Incidents.
Triest & Co., 116 Sansome street, have
furnished to the Government, under con
tract, 25,000 hats for the volunteer troops.
This is one of the largest contracts given
in San Francisco since the war began.
; Among the nominations sent by Presi
dent McKlnley to the Senate on Monday
was that of Rev. Samuel F." Chapman of
Virginia to be chaplain of volunteers.
i The new chaplain is a devout: Baptist.
:He was a captain In Colonel ■ Mosby's
; command during the Civil War, and the
colonel classes him among the best fight
ers In the Confederate cause. William A.
Chapman, freight clerk on the steamer
Belgic, is a son of the Virginia chaplain.
The order of Knights of Pythias,
1 through the local lodges, has established
; headquarters on Point Lobos road for the
purpose of assisting the members of that
order who are in the regiments at Camp
Merritt. The committee in charge will
; furnish writing material, postal cards,
i stamps and pipes and tobacco to the sol
' diers who may need such. It is estimated
that there are more than 800 Pythians la
the ranks.
»'
Nevada Cavalry riere.
! A troop of Nevada cavalry volunteers
; arrived last night at Oakland and early
; this morning will arrive on this side of
{ the bay and proceed to Camp Merritt.
Bead "A Busy Day With Secretary
of War Alger at the White House,"
in next Sunday's Call.
56
A I.DNESDAY JUNE 15, 1898
JOHN D. SPRLCKtLS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Te'ephone Main 186$.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ....217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE KAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $& per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rtftfta Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Morjtgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. £87 Hayes street, «pen until
9:30 o'clocK- 6£l McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Lorl^ln street, open until 9.30 o'clocK.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clocK- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clocK. 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clocK- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clocK- '505 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
U tto fc. 1 1 To,
Columbia — " Number Nino "
Baldwin"-" The Passion Play.'
A lea tar— "A Celebrated Case
Noroßco'e-'-Under the Polar Star"
TlvoU— "An American Hero."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. .
Mechanics' Pavilion— Reception to the First Minnesota
ieglment, Friday night.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man
Olynipia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
5-utro Baths— b-wimnimgr, '
El — Music, dancing:, boatln*, fishing, every Sunday,
Excursion to Los Gatos— Friday, June 17.
Excursion to the Santa Cruz mountains— Saturday, June 18.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Thursday, June 16, Horses, etc., at 220
Valencia street, at 11 o'cloca.
THE "WHISPERING" BOSS.
IT is important that the rank and file of the Demo
cratic party of this city should know the character
of the man by whom they are now being led. The
Democratic organ has an interest in suppressing the
facts — the new boss having made arrangements with
it whereby it is to share in the resultant plunder —
and the duty of making public "Whispering" Gavin
McNab's record, therefore, devolves upon the Re
publican press. This is not as we should like to see
it. We are conscious that however pure our motives
they are liable to be questioned in such work, and
yet our fealty to the people renders hesitation im
possible.
James H. Barry, editor of the Star, is a member of
the committee of one hundred. He knows all about
the "whispering" boss, but he refrains from telling it
now that he has become the recipient of his favor.
On October 18, 1890, Mr. Barry wrote and published
in his paper the following interesting editorial:
"We have received a letter from the Musicians'
Union relative to Gavin McXab, Buckley's nominee
for Supervisor from the Fifth Ward, all of which
statements we know to be true. They are in brief as
follows: When a member of the Fourth of July com
mittee, 1889, he was most bitter in his attacks on said
union, characterizing its members as 'Hessian in
vaders who now wish to capture San Francisco,' as
pirates and robbers who had no right to be heard,
etc. The committee finally forced upon this city the
disgrace of having scab musicians to celebrate our
national holiday. He is now ckrk at the Occidental
Hotel. The Star at the time denounced the action
of the committee, which, however, was opposed by a
minority of its members, and we now concur with our
correspondent in urging all who feel called upon to
vote the ticket on which McNab's name stands to be
certain to scratch his name."
Prior to becoming Boss Buckley's candidate for
Supervisor from the Fifth Ward Boss McNab was a
protege of the late Republican boss, William Higgins.
In fact, he changed his politics in order that he might
with more certainty get an office. As we recall the
incident to which Mr. Barry refers in the above para
graph the opposition to the "whispering" Scot be
came so pronounced that Boss Buckley was compelled
to revoke his nomination as Supervisor. It has al
ways been believed that it was this action of the blind
sage which caused McNab to desert him. A short
time previously he had been asked by the Irving Hall
Reform Democracy to join them and he replied that
they were "sore heads" and no longer Democrats. At
that time Buckley was to his vision a first-class Dem
ocrat.
Even if the usurpation of the Democratic State
Committee in appointing a body to take charge of
the party in this city were not, as it is, a high-handed
political outrage, the leadership of the renegade Re
publican, ex-Buckleyite and "scab" workman, Boss
McNab, ought to cause a revolt in the local organi
zation. If the rank and file of the Democracy in this
city will follow an appointed county committee and
such leadership, it is surely moribund. No Democrat
with n spark of manhood in him will do it.
THE BOND ISSUE.
UNDER the terms of the circular of Secretary
Gage inviting subscriptions from the people
to the war loan of $200,000,000, the intention of
Congress to make the loan a popular one will be
fully carried out. Subscribers for small amounts will
have precedence over those who bid for larger sums,
and individuals who bid for large sums will have pre
cedence over corporations. There is nothing in the
measure which affords an advantage to the class
known as "bloated bondholders" or to speculators
who make a profit in handling bonds.
In making a popular loan of this kind in small
amounts requiring a payment of the money before the
bond is issued, there was of course a danger that the
advance of so large a sum of money might seriously
interfere with commerce and the usual financial oper
ations of the people. A withdrawal of $200,000,000
from the channels of trade even for a comparatively
short time would be disastrous to many interests.
This danger, however, has been carefully guarded
against by the Secretary of the Treasury, and under
the terms set forth in the circular it will be possible
to obtain from the people the whole sum required
without in any way interfering with business.
Since the loan has been carefully guarded in the in
terests of the people so that every man of average
means may share in it, there should be a prompt
response on the part of all. It should be a popular
loan in the full sense of the phrase. The country
needs the money. The investment is safe. It will be
for the general welfare to have the loan distributed
with something of equality throughout the country,
•o that the interest on it will go to every section of
the Union and not to the great financial centers only.
Th« subscriptions should be liberal and prompt
THE RED CROSS f(k IR.
1""* HE pleasures ot pageantry may be indulged in
as a feature of the Red Cross fair.
• It is highly probable that throughout the sum
mer troops will be here in thousands, and there may
be held a grand review, such as were often held in
Washington during the Civil War. Those reviews
had a powerfully stimulating effect upon the public
mind, and one held here in connection with the Red
Cross fair will attract thereto thousands from all
points within reach. There is a charm in a great body
of troops marching that attracts as no other pageant
can. j" • *
In a properly inclosed arena, where admission may
be charged to swell the fund, there may be held
athletic games and sports, and at night we may have
the bombardment of Manila or Havana illustrated
after the style of the siege of Sebastopol, which was
seen here a few years ago. With public attention alert
to all military matters, as it is now, such a feature
would be a great drawing card. In it we could see the
representation of our military and naval heroes, and a
great variety of most interesting and exciting features
could be introduced. We have among us professional
pyrotechnists who could design such a spectacle and
stage it. During the Midwinter Fair the pyrotechnic
evenings were always patronized by thousands,
though their features were tame in comparison with
what can be produced now. Such an exhibition
could be run on certain nights in the week for an in
definite length of time and would draw to the end.
Interest in it could be sustained by the constant in
troduction of new incidents. As pyrotechnists know,
this is .easy when the scene is once laid and working.
The feat of Hobson on the Merrimac at Santiago de
Cuba could be promptly reproduced, and if in the
midst of the fair a sea fight occur, it could be put on
very promptly and be made to represent, with fair
exactness, the real action.
Nothing will better sustain interest in the fair than
this. By combining the many exhibits and various
features that are possible an immense sum of money
can be realized, which will represent, once for all, the
contribution of California to the treasury of the Red
Cross.
This State gave more than one-fourth of the $4,000,
000 raised during the Civil War to equip the Sanitary
Commission, which was the analogue of the Red
Cross Society and its forerunner. California will now
do something as significant for the successor of the
Sanitary Commission. If need be another Starr King
will arise to lead the hosts of generosity in behalf of
the wounded and suffering, and all classes in the com
munity will follow where such a leader proclaims a
red crusade of mercy and help for the suffering.
Let no one think of the difficulties of preparation,
for where all thoughts run to one center, as now, all
lier.rts and hands co-operate. This befng true, it is
incredible how suddenly affairs of this kind take form,
are installed, operated and made successful. Let the
movement begin now, for the time is not far off when
there will come from Asian tropics the cry of our
stricken men for help. Let us be ready to respond.
OFF TO THE WARS.
UNLESS something unexpected happens the sec
ond detachment of troops for the Philippine ex
pedition will leave San Francisco to-day. In
the East the movement of the American forces for the
descent upon Cuba is already well advanced. The
forward march has begun. Despite the terrors of
the hot season in the tropics, our soldiers are to de
lay no longer. In both the East and the West In
dies the blows are to be struck that will crush the
power of Spain and put a speedy end to the war.
It is inevitable that our interest should be mainly
with the troops engaged in the Manila campaign.
They have sailed from our own port, and many of
them are our own boys. Even those who hail from
distant States have been for a considerable time en
camped in the city and in some measure have been
our guests. As the transports which^ carry them to
the war steam out of the Golden Gate a thousand
evidences will show forth the patriotic fervor with
which our people bid them godspeed ami wish them
& safe return with victory and peace.
However beautiful or impressive the scene attend
ing the departure of the troops from this city may be,
it is clear we have passed the spectacular stage of the
war. The forward movement along the whole line
means the beginning of the campaign In dread earnest.
Hereafter the contest is not to be made solely from
the safe position of ironclad ships and with long
range guns. The first news which came after the land
ing of our troops at Guantanamo Bay was of a night
attack of Spanish guerrillas upon a small detachment
of Americans encamped near the woods. By stealthy
foes ambushed in the darkness and the thick under
growth of the tropic forests four Americans were
killed. That incident illustrates the nature of
the war that is to come. That is the Spanish method
of fighting. It is such news as that we must expect
until our men by one swift rush may force the evasive
foe into a corner and there crush him.
How long the war will last and how long our brave
boys will be absent it is impossible to foresee. The
intelligence of the world does not doubt the success
of our arms any more than the moral sense of man
kind doubts the justice of our cause. Were we con
fronted by a race that fights in the open and stakes
the issue of war upon battles to be decided by cour
age, discipline and military skill, the contest would
be over before the summer passes, and we might
even have peace in sight when we celebrate the
Fourth of July. We are not likely to have such swift
results, however, in a contest with Spain. The Span
iard is as tireless in his skulking as in his hate. He
will make it a long-drawn guerrilla war if he can,
and the conditions of his tropic islands will aid him
in doing 60.
Our troops, therefore, are going upon an expedi
tion which will require true heroism to bring to a
successful termination. Not valor only, but fortitude,
patience and an unswerving fidelity to duty will be
required of them. They merit, therefore, every honor
we can give to the patriotic brave as they set forth
from both sides of the continent to carry the power
of our arms and the glory of our flag beyond the
sea.
Nothing would please the people of thi3 country
more than to learn that Weyler was leading an ex
pedition to the Philippines. While the strict demand
of justice is that he be shot in Cuba, there is no use
haggling over details. The thing to do with Weyler
is to kill him on the spot, and never mind the loca
tion of the spot.
Kansas cannot be so much blamed for having
lynched a murderer. Even the humblest citizen is
entitled to justice, and there is no other method by
which the Kansas murderer ever gets it
The man who burned his wife's Easter bonnet made
a mistake. He would have found that to roast the
milliner would have been as satisfactory.
Germany's eyes may be on the Philippines, but the
guns of the United States are there also. In this case
possession is ten point* of the law.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1898.
WOODLAND is as much involved in J the war
with Spain as any other city in the State or
in the Union, but just at this time she is not
giving so much attention to it as the rest of the coun
try. She wishes to send her quota of men to the front
and her sympathies are with the brave boys who are
going to battle, but for the present her thoughts are
mainly intent upon things at home. She has good
reason for this temporary indifference to the
wrinkled front of war and this absorption in her own
affairs. The Grand Parlor of Native Daughters has
assembled at Woodland, and the town is so full of
beauty that it cannot hold anything else or even talk
of it.
In devoting all her energies just now to the enter
tainment of her visitors Woodland shows no lack of
patriotism. In fact the assembly there of so many of
the noblest as well as the fairest of California's
daughters has probably infused the city with more of
ardent and fervent patriotism than it ever felt before.
We may be sure that through their speeches at the
formal meetings of the parlor, by their conversation
at receptions, by the subtle influence emanating from
their beauty and their womanhood, the Native
Daughters will instill into the minds of all who hear
or see them a feeling of patriotic loyalty as well as of
chivalric love.
The organization of the Native Daughters and the
annual assembly of the Grand Parlor at one point of
the State after another serves the general welfare of
ihe community in many ways. It is a good thing to
have the vigorous and loyal young womanhood of the
commonwealth always organized and ready to act on
behalf of any good cause which needs their services.
It is also beneficial to have the influential women of
the State visit in turn the various towns of the dif
ferent sections, thus making themselves acquainted
with the State as a whole and obtaining a comprehen
sive knowledge of the attractions and advantages of
all. From the association and from the meetings of
the Grand Parlor much has been gained in the past
both for California and her womanhood, and there
can be no doubt that in the future even more will be
gained with the increasing membership and power of
the organization.
The Grand Parlor is to be congratulated upon as
sembling this year in a city of so many attractions
and such boundless hospitality as Woodland. They
have been greeted there with a welcome that is truly
Californian. The occasion is one which will be long
remembered with pleasure on both sides, and the
people of other sections of the State as they read the
reports of the reception will feel a gratified pride that
California has such daughters, and possesses commu
nities that know so well how to appreciate their worth
and honor their presence.
JOSEPH LEITER'S COLLAPSE.
J~\ CCORDING to reports from Chicago Joseph
/ A Leiter has not made an assignment, but "his
* *■ interests have been trusteed." The words are
different, but the meaning is essentially the same.
Mr. Leiter has collapsed. Another young Napoleon
of the stock market has, like the mighty conqueror
from whom his vain title is taken, pushed too far the
favors of fortune and learned too late that the very
forces which tend to victory to-day may precipitate
disaster to-morrow. *^
Leiter began his career in the wheat market a^ a
time when every force in the commercial world fought
on his side. He was backed by millions of capital,
reviving prosperity throughout the country inclined
men of wealth to follow and assist enterprise, a fail
ure of the crops in Europe caused a large demand
for American grain; there was an upward tendency
everywhere. In his first ventures Mr. Leiter merely
embarked boldly upon a current which of its own
strength carried him to fortune.
This, however, is a mutable world. Things go by
turns. The highest tide sooner or later reaches a
point where it stops and from which it eventually re
cedes. In the very nature of mundane affairs it was
certain the currents of commerce which at first were
on the side of Leiter would in the end be against
him, and the forces that made his fortune would un
make it if he left it exposed to their operation.
Possibly if Leiter had been left to himself he would
have been on his guard against the turn in the tide
and would have retired from the wheat market for
tunate, prosperous and rich enough to be ranked
among the multimillionaires of the land. lie was not
left to himself. There gathered around him the
thousand flatterers that ever wait on success, the san
guine gamblers of the stock exchange who never
weary of the game, the horde of people who urged
him on to attempt the impossible. His name and his
picture were in every newspaper in the land. His head
was turned, so that he could see only the success be
hind him and not the impending ruin ahead. He held
en his course and shot Niagara.
His failure, of course, does not mean poverty for
him. There are other men who have been following
his lead, however, to whom it may mean absolute
bankruptcy and possibly penury. The affairs of men
in modern society are closely bound together, and
the fall of a great speculator nearly always entails suf
fering upon the part of men of small means. This
is one of the worst consequences of the evil of over
speculation and can hardly be guarded against.
All the banks that are supposed to have been in any
way associated with Leiter in his operations have
promptly announced to the public that they will not
lose anything by his failure. Such announcements
would of course be made in any case for the purpose
of preventing a loss of credit on the part of the bank,
but there are reasons for believing the statements are
correct and that the banks are safe. The effects of
the collapse of the speculator therefore will not be so
disastrous as they would have been had he been as
unscrupulous in his dealings as some other "ymng
Napoleons of finance." The moral of the story is the
old one. Nobody can corner wheat. There is too
much of it, in the first place, and in the second there
are too many other bread-making grains that people
can use in place of it.
When the New York Herald published a story of
the fall of Manila, and found the story was wrong,
it came out frankly with a statement showing wherein
it had been misled. The circumstance illustrates the
difference between the Herald and yellow journalism.
The latter would have stuck to the original statement
or passed the matter over without comment.
Spanish mutilate the bodies of the slain, and yet
have much to say about honor. They starve women
to death and whimper about American violation of
the ethics of civilization.
Perhaps the time is coming when such snubs as
pass between Lee and Blanco will find the latter in
the capacity of recipient.
One advantage the School Directors have in calling
each other names is that most of the names seem to
fit.
At least the Spanish cannot accuse the Cuba expedi
tion of indecent haste.
ENRAPTURED WOODLAND.
THE FRENCH TREATY.
Its Validity Denied and Its Effects Discussed by
Charles A. Wetmore.
Material for a pamphlet is being pre- i
pared on behalf of the San Joaquin Val
ley vine growers by Mr. Charles A.
Wetmore to be presented to the Califor
nia State Board of Trade at its regular
meeting to-morrow relative to the re
cent proclamation of the President low
ering the duties on brandies, spirits,
wines and a few other French prod
ucts in accordance with a provisional
understanding that canned meats, lard
and a few American products will be
admitted into France at reduced rates.
From a condensation of the argument
which will be presented to the board
the following conclusions of the oppo
nents of the measure were obtained
by a reporter of The Call:
It is erroneous to consider that any
commercial treaty has been entered
into or any international contract in
volving obligations which cannot be
terminated at any time w^iout breach
of faith. No treaty can be^ntered into
without the concurrence of the Senate
as provided by the constitution. Sec
tion 3 of the Dingley tariff act may be
repealed or amended by Congress at
any time without violating any inter
national obligations; so also may tho
President revoke or amend the terms of
his proclamation.
It may, however, be a question
whether the provision of section 3 au
thorizing the President to lower cer
tain tariff duties at his discretion in
favor of certain countries in considera
tion of advantages gained for certain
private parties is operative as a law
to define the duties of the President, or
whether the attempted delegation of
power is not unconstitutional inasmuch
as Congress alone has the power to
pass laws to regulate foreign com
merce, and the authority granted to
the President is not sufficiently definite
to guide his action.
It does not appear to be sufficiently
understood that, if the act of the Presi
dent should stand, lower duties on
brandies, spirits, w r ines and certain
other products have been extended to
France than the law otherwise imposes
upon other friendly nations and that
serious complaints may result. If all
kinds of spirits, brandies, gins, whis
kies, etc., may be imported from
France at $1 To per proof gallon, while
we tax Canadian, Irish and Scotch
whiskies, Holland gin, Swiss kirsch
wasser, Mexican mescal, etc., at the
rate of $2 50 per gal lan, and if we tax
German, Spanish. Portuguese, Italian
and other wines higher than the French
there will be such a regulation of for
eign commerce as only Congress has
the power to control. Under such a
discrimination in favor of France, other
countries would be compelled to yield
to the domination of French ware
houses in their trade with us.
The limitation in the President's
proclamation of the reduced duties to
products of France would be alto
gether illusory. France now exports
largely a.s the product of her skill wines
of Spain, Portugal and Italy
and of compounds of German
and other spirits, whica aftt-r
receiving French flavor and manipu
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Rabbi M. G. Solomon of Los Angeles
Is at the Palace.
Jes.se D. Carr, a prominent stock raiser
of Salinas, is a guest at the Occidental.
Lyman Tiffany and G. Stanton Tiffany
of Washington, D. C, are at the Palae*.
Thomas J. Kirk, County Superintendent
of Schools of Fresno, is registered at the
Lick.
George Mainhart, a mining superintend
ent of Grass Valley, is registered at the
Grand.
11. E. Adams of Stockton and C. P. Vlc
lnl, an attorney of Sutter Creek, are at
the Grand.
William Palmtag, a well-known mer
chant of Holllster, Is one of the arrivals
at the California.
W. McMullen, one of the directors of
the First National Gold Bank of Boston,
is at the Baldwin.
A. 11. Hart, who is largely Interested in
the silk business in New York, is regist
ered at the Grand.
W. C. Ten Eyck, a mining- man of Tuc
son, Ariz., and A. W. .Brooks of Stockton
are at the California.
N. 11. Hamilton, M.D., came up from
Santa Monica yesterday afternoon and
win be located at the Palace for a few
days.
W. H. Lewis of Honolulu, who has been
on an extended eastern trip, is temporar
ily at the Occidental, en route to his isl
and home.
F. C. White, a Fresno banker, Frank
Barcroft of Merced, and Dr. Burden, a
retired physician of Marin County, are
among the arrivals at the Lick.
George H. Higbee, a wealthy banker of
Philadelphia, and H. C. Nash, private
secretary of Mrs. Leland Stanford, are
among the arrivals at the California.
Mrs. E. S. Borden, Miss Marion Borden,
Miss M. E. Saxe and Lewis Mercer Bor
den, who are on a pleasure trip to this
coast from Wallkill, N. V., are guests at
the Occidental.
S. H. Babcock, traffic manager of the
Rio Grande and Western Railway, with
headquarters at Salt Lake City, arrived
here last night, and will be at the Palace
for a few days. He is making his annual
tour of inspection of the various agencies
of his road.
Mrs. William A. H. Chenoweth has re
turned from her trip to Alaska, where she
has been spending the winter with Mr.
Chenoweth, who has left Juneau for the
Klondike. Mr. Fairchild of Oakland and
Mr. Jordan of Skaguay are with Mr.
Chenoweth. Mrs. Chenoweth will reside
in Oakland with her son until Mr. cnen
oweth's return.
Ellis 11. Roberts, Treasurer of the Unit
ed States, arrived last evening from New
York, accompanied by his wife, and regis
tered at the Palace. He haa come to this
city to supervise the transfer of the Sub-
Treasury and the counting of the money
therein. Mr. Roberts anticipates that his
official visit will last about twenty days,
after which he will return to his home.
SPANIARDS NEVER READY.
Notwithstanding its frequent wars Spain
has always been unprepared for the
trouble it haa Invited and Its many de
feats have failed to teach its government
the lesson of being ready for war. Eng
land gave the Spaniards many a severe
drubbing, destroyed their navy and dock
yards, captured distant possessions time
and again and In the peace settlements
were, of course, largely the gainers, but
Spain never took heed of tha primary
causes which caused its defeats. Commo
dore Dewey'a successful attack on Cavite
and the fleet before Manila is partly due
to this chronic otate of unpreparedness.
Otherwise the result would not have been
attained at the nominal cost of shot and
shell. This latest experience is the third
at Manila, the first being in 1762, during
the war between Great Britain and Spain.
War was declared by England against
Spain on January 4 and the latter ac
cepted the resort to arms fourteen days
later. The Britl6h squadron In the East
Indies under Vice Admiral Cornish was
lying at Madras when a frigate arrived
there In June with orders to attack Ma
nila, and the fleet, consisting of eleven
vessels carrying 570 guns, made Ball for
that port, arriving there September 27,
much to the surprise of the Spaniards
who had not yet heard of the war and
were Illy prepared lor so sudden an at
lation would become French products,
so far as our custom houses are con
cerned.
It is not conceivable that Congress
realized that under section 3 of the
tariff act it was granting power to the
President to so disturb our friendly
commercial relations with foreign
countries. The inevitable result would
be trouble with other countries and
either the revocation of the proclama
tion discriminating in favor of France
or the extension of the favor to a!!
friendly countries.
As it stands we agree to discriminate
in favc-r of France against all other
countries in consideration of receiving
certain advantages which France here
tofore has given to our competitors
without equal discrimination in our
favor.
The French tariff discriminates
against all countries with which she
has not commercial treaties, so that
nearly all American manufactured
articles are excluded from her trade.
American alcohol, wines, raisins, cot
ton goods, carriages, etc., etc., are ex
cluded from French trade because she
admits the similar products of other
countries at less rates of duty.
France, however, is not excluded
from this country, her products being
received on equal terms with those of
all other countries.
We cannot consider reciprocity with
France and probably with no other
country until we have so arranged our
tariff that we have mutual discrimina
tions to i~.ba.te.
French industry is protected by a
special tariff, which is constantly main
tained as her interests demand. This
tariff is granted to countries with
which she has commercial treaties;
against all others, lie United States
included; she imposeSTier general tariff,
which is much higher and in many
cases absolutely prohibitive.
In order to be in a position to make
a satisfactory reciprocity treaty with
France and other countries, which give
discriminating favors, we must first
agree on the tariff we intend to main
tain for our own protection and declare
a higher and broader one against all
countries which do not admit our
products on equality with the most
favored nation. If to the duties of the
Dingley act 50 per cent additional were
declared and 25 per cent ad valorem
to all the free list, to be applied to all
countries discriminating against us,
we should have a fair opportunity for
a reciprocity treaty with France with
out endangering our protective system.
Until such change is made all efforts
toward reciprocity are dangerous.
Other industries besides the viticul
tural will soon feel the importance of
this question, as it is well known in
what directions new treaties are
sought. Silk and wool will soon be
heard from. In our State raisins, nuts,
prunes and oranges will be attacked.
If reciprocity is to be entered upon to
keep Mr. Kasson busy earning his sal
ary, we may have little faith in a set
tled protective tariff policy.
The remedy is a revocation by the
President of his proclamation and a re
peal of the sections of the law which
give rise to as much uncertainty as
did the advent of the Cleveland admin
istration under a promise of lower
tariffs.
tack. The siege of the city began at
once, but violent storms and torrents of
rain protracted the taking of the placo,
which was stubbornly defended by Span
iards and Indians.
The latter, although armed with only
bows and arrows, were savagely ferocious,
and rushed on to the very muzzles of the
British muskets and died like wild beasts,
gnawing at the bayonets. The English
landing force consisted of 906 seamen and
marines and about 2300 soldiers, mostly
Lascars. On October 6 Cavite was taken
by storm. To save Manila from pillage a
ransom of $4,000,000 was offered and ac
cepted, but this was not agreed to after
ward by the King of Spain, peace having
come in the interim of the negotiation and
demand for the settlement. The capture
of Manila netted only about one million
dollars in prize money of which the Ad
miral received J70.603 18 and each sailor
and soldier J3O. The loss was inconsider
able to the British, amounting in all to
32 killed, 13 drowned and 111 wounded.
Thirty-six years later two British frig
ates, La Sybiile. Captain Edward Cooke,
and the Fox, Captain Poultney Malcolm,
practiced a ruse by which they captured
several Spanish war and other vessels in
Manila Bay in the following manner: On
January 18, 1798, the two frigates passed
Corregidor Island in the evening with the
French flag flying. Next day the ships
stood toward Manila. The unsuspecting
Spanish officials hurried to do honors to
their French allies and the guard boat
with the second captain of a frigate
boarded La Sybille. Next came the Span
ish admiral's barge with the governor's
nephew, followed by a felucca with the
admiral's aides-de-camp extending con
gratulations and offering hospitality and
boats with anchors and cables to "assist
the frigates into port. The Spanish of
ficers were completely deceived and en
tertained for an hour and a half in the
cabin, and while they were opening their
hearts freely to their supposed French
friends the crews of the boats were in
vited on board and a number of British
sailors exchanged clothes with the boat
men. Tha ne*xt performance was a row
up the bay in the Spanish boats which
were accompanied by British boats. Three
gunboats lying at anchor were carried by
boarding. J
These proceedings were witnessed from
the shore and mystified the captain of the
port, who came on board T,a Svbille for
a categorical answer why the other boats
We n e .fi d S tain ! d v He also waa temporarily
mollified and handed down into the cabin
and all were entertained at dinner, while
the British blue jackets prowled about the
bay and it was not until nearly 4 o'clock
in the afternoon— the farce having begun
at 11 o'clock in the forenoon— that the
Spanish discovered their grievous blunder
They were sent ashore in three of their
own boats and an inventory was taken of
the captured floating property which con
sisted of three gunboats, a lot of guns and
some small arms and ship ammuni
tion. The expedition was only partly suc
cessful for the plan had been to capture
or destroy the larger Spanish ships lying
at Cavite arsenal. The wind, however
became unfavorable and the two intrepid'
British captains after a stay of four days
in the bay, left their work unfinished and
departed with their thiee captured gun
boats without having lost a man or a
rope-yarn, for the Spanish fleet was un
prepared then as it had been before and
as Spanish fleets seemingly always will
be.
ON THE TRANSPOBT.
The wind comes dead ahead- the sea
Ts pitching straight across the channel-
My parching palate seems to be
Lined with a most repugnant flannel;
Below, the mules with doleful bray
Proclaim disgust beyond concealing—
I sympathize with them, for they
Peel just about as I am feeling.
Along the decks lie rows and rows
r,°v, f yj^'?^ l Boldlers . weaß and paling;
Behold! they leap from their repose
And fight for places at the railing-
They m on n and groan and rave and curse,
And wish the ship were at the bottom.
Or, what is traitorous and worse
That Spain might come along'and pot
em."
The starry flag, the stricken Maine
The sulking foes, the search to find 'em.
The vicious cowardice of Spain
The darling "Girls They Left Behind
Em,
And all those other memories
That soldier boys make food and drink
of
Are churned away by pounding seas
Lemons alone are what they think of.
O, war, how terrible thou art!
Inhuman— wicked— foolish— cruel !
I've lived, I may say on my part
Three days on half a gill of gruel.
Whafs that? Eat pork? EAT PORxk?
O Lord!
My strongest will is unavailing!
Room! Room! Look out! I'm making
toward
That vacant spot there at the railing.
—Chicago Record.
A novel gort of -window glass has been
invented transparent to those on the In
side of the house, but opaque to those on
the outside.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ATHLETIC CLUB, H. H. H., City.
The California Athletic Club is no longer
in existence. _•
A DIME OF TWENTY-FOUR— A. C.
City. A dime of 1824 is not one of these
that commands a premium.
A REMEDY— J. J. X., Coulterville, Cal.
As the communication you sent to this
department does not bear a signature it
will not be noticed.
RELIEF FOR CUBA— J. F. D., Pre
sidio. Cal. On the 17th of day. 1597. the
United States Congress voted $50,000 for
the relief of destitute Americans in Cuba.
THE UNION— C. F. R., City. There
are forty-live States in the Union at this
time. During the present decade the fol
lowing States were admitted: Idaho,
July 3. 1880; Wyoming, July 11, 1890, and
Utah, January 4, 1896.
SHORTHAND— S. A. M., City. To be z,
good shorthand writer the individual
should be able to report a speaker who
delivers 120 words a minute. An expert
writer should have no difficulty in taking
down from IGO to ISO words a minute.
GOVERNMENT WORK— N. D. As you
do not state in- your letter of inquiry what
kind of Government work you desire to
apply for, it is impossible to direct you
State the character of employment you
seek, and an answer will be given.
BRASSEY'S ANNUAL — An Inquirer,
Pacific Grove, Cal. Brassey's Annual
contains a list of all the navies of the
world as they are a very short time be
fore the date of publication. The cost of
the work is $5 per volume and it may be
obtained from any first-class book seller.
GUNPOWDER — Reader, Blue Lakes,
Humbddt County, Cal. The invention of
gunpowder is generally credited to Ber
tholdus or Michael Schwartz, a Cordelier
of Goslar, south of Brunswick, Germany,
about 1320. Many writers declare that it
was known much earlier in various parts
of the world. Some say that the Chinese
and Hindoos possessed it centuries before.
NATURALIST AND TAXIDERMTST—
Subscriber, City. The difference between
a naturalist and a taxidermist is that
the former is one who is versed in the
natural history of animals, while the
other is one who is skillf-cl in the art of
preparing and preserving the skins of ani
mals, also of stuffing: and mounting the
Skins so as to make them resemble the
living animals as much as possible.
ENGRAVING ON EGGS-S. J. W-, City.
The art of writing or engraving on egg
shells is very simple. It merely consists
in writing on the shell with wax or var
nish, or simply with tallow, and then
immersing the egg in some weak acid,
such, for example, as vinegar, diluted
dydrochloric acid or etching liquor. Wher
ever the varnish, wax or tallow has not
protected the shell, the lime of the latter
is decomposed and the writing remains in
relief.
MOTHS— A Subscriber, City. In your
communication you say that you have
tried several remedies to destroy moths
and that they have not proved successful.
Now, as in your communication you do
not state what you have used, this de
partment is at a loss to give you a rem
edy against moths, as it might offer one
you have already tried. If you will give
information as to the ones you have tried
it is possible that some other will be fur
nisned.
NATIVITY— L. B. 11., City. The ques
tion, "What would be the nativity of a
child born in China of American parent
age, also of a child born in America of
Chinese parentage?" answers itself. The
former would be Chinese and the latter
American, for an individual is a native of
the country in which he is born. Citizen
ship Is a different matter. A boy may be
born to American parents while they are
traveling in China. The boy would be a
Chinese, yet be an American citizen.
MINT MAKKS— A. D. L... City. Coins
issued from the parent mint at Philadel
phia do not bear a letter to designate the
place of issue. There were no mint
marks prior to 1888. C is on gold coins
only Issued from the mint at Charlotte,
N. C. ; C. C, Carson City, Nev., coins; D.
on Dahlonega, Ga., coins; 0., New Or
leans, La., coins, and S. on San Francisco,
Cal., coins.
There were but twenty-four dimes
coined at the San Francisco branch mint
In 1594.
SERVING THE COUNTRY— S., Usal,
Mendoclno County, Cal. There is no law
that declares that because a man was in
the Confederate army during the war of
the rebellion he cannot now volurtteer and
take up arms in the service of the I'nited
States. In 1862 the President was au
thorized to grant full pardon to all in the
rebellion, excepting the most prominent
movers, if they would swear allpjdance to
the United States. The first proclamation
of amnesty was Issued by Lincoln, De
cember 8. 1563, oth^r proclamations were
issued subsequently, and December 2n.
1868, there was granted full amnesty to
all. The Congressional act of May 22,
1872, removed the political disabilities
from all but the most prominent Confed
erates.
PRESIDENTS AND VICE-PRESI
DENTS—Subscriber, Virginia, Nev. The
following is a list of the Presidents and
"Vice-Presidents of the United States
who were elected, together with the
date of election: George Washington
and John Adams, 1789; the same ltf'2;
John Adams and Thomas Jefferson,
1796; Thomas Jefferson and Aaron
Burr, 1SO0; Thomas Jefferson and George
Clinton, 1804; James Madison and George
Clinton, 1808; James Madison and Eibridge
Gerry, 1812; James Monroe and Daniel D.
Tompkins, lSlti: same, 1820; John Q.Adams
and John C. Calhoun. 1524; Andrew Jack
son and John C. Calhoun, 1828; Andrew
Jackson and M. Van Buren. 1532; Martin
Van Buren and R. M. Johnson, 1536 (there
being no choice for Vice-President John
son was elected by the Senate) : TV*. H.
Harrison and John Tyler, 1840; James K.
Polk and George M. Dallas, 1844: Zachary
Taylor and Millard Fillmore, 1848: Frank
lin Pierce and William R. King. 1852: James
Buchanan and J. C. Brecklnridge. 1556;
Abraham Lincoln and Hannibal Hamlin,
18C0; Abraham Lincoln and Andrew John
son, 1564; U. S. Grant and Schuyler Col
fax, 1868; U. S. Grant and Henry Wilson,
1873; Rutherford B. Hayes and William A.
Wheeler, 1876; James A. Garfield and
Chester A. Arthur, 1880; Grover Cleveland
and T. A. Hendricks. ISS4; Benjamin Har
rison and Levi P. Morton, 1888; Grover
Cleveland and Adlai E. Stevenson, 1592;
William McKlnley and Garret A. Hobart,
1596. _
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Trunks, valises, bags, baskets, pocket
books and writing tablets cheap at San
born & Vails. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
They have just removed" a marble tablet
from the house at 34 Rue Richelieu, Paris,
which falsely stated that Moliere died
there: and now the Paris papers are call
ing for the removal of a similar falsifica
tion of history perpetuated by a tablet
In the house at the corner of the Quat
Conti and the Rue de Nevers, which de
clared that in 1785 Napoleon lived there
as an officer of artillery when he was
graduated from the school of Brienne.
This tablet was put up by authority of
Napoleon 111 in 1853. The real house Is
No 13, next to the mint.
"Mrs. Win&low's Soothiner SvrtiT>"
Has been used over fifty years by mllltona of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggist* In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mra.
Winalow's Soothing Syrup. 260 a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
■oft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay.
XZ 50 per day. Apply 4 Nrw Montgomery st.,
8. F., or E. S. BABCOCK. Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado. Cal.
The But<Ft Rout* win run second excur
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado, Ariaona,
on Thnraday, Juna SO, Noted scientists .will ae
oompany the party, A pleasant and profitable
trip. Get full particular* at No, Mt Market at. 'CALIFORNIA
BOYS TO BE
CARED FOR
The Red Cross Sends
Funds to Manila.
A STATE AGENT- TO GO
VARIED SUPPLIES LOADED ON
THE TRANSPORTS.
Hundreds of Dollars Received Daiiy.
Donations Pour In From
AIL Parts of the
State.
Tho executive committee of the State
Association of the Red Cross ' met
yesterday and adopted the national con
stitution. It was also resolved to send
11000 to the two trained nurses of the State
Society now in Manila, to be used for the
benefit of the California boys in blue.
Plentiful supplies were sent to the trans
ports yesterday, and on the next steamer
a regular State . Red Cross agent will
probably be sent.
Immense interest has been aroused in
the big reception and military entertain
ment to be given at the Mechanics' Pa
vilion next Friday evening. Full partic
ulars aro given in another column.
The ships sailing to-day have been sup
plied with the following list of necessaries
by the society for use on the voyage:
Two cases Phillips' cocoa, l case condensed
milk, 4 dozen bottles lime Juice, half a dozen
large bottles malted milk. 1 case alcohol. 20
pounds permanganate potash, 1 gallon Jamaica
Kinder. 1 keg insect powder, 1 case clam Juice,
i pails anchovies, 10 pounds chipped beef. 90
pounds steamed oatmeal, 2 boxes unsweetened
chocolate, 600 pounds dried fruit. 1 sack (501
pounds) farina, 2 cases whisky, 3 bottles
brandy, 1 case claret, 12 dozen towels 12 dozen
handkerchiefs.
There is no cessation of donations from
branch societies throughout the State. Mrs.
McKinstry yesterday received the following
articles:
Belvedere Red Cross Society— 47 comfort bags,
33 packs cards and games; Ross Station— 2
packages books, 100 bandages; Pinole— l 2 yards
bobinet, 50 denim ticks; Nevada City— M band
ages, 237 esmack bandages, 1 denim bag; Mon
terey— lla bandages, 84 esmack bandages; Co
lusa Station— l 3 rolls newspaper, 2 bundles
Graphics; Santa Cruz— 4 boxes books; Sebasto-
Pol— l box books; Danville— comfort bags. 30
bandages ; San Mate., -11 denim packing bags,
120 bandages, 150 esmach bandages; Pleasant
—Mrs. A. M. Beer and Miss May Cape, 12 com
fort bags- Pleasanton— E. E. Hall 32
comfort bags; Laurel— sack dried fruit;
Berkeley— l box 4 cases 1 sack reading matter;
Antloch— l box lemons; Salinas— pillow-cases,
129 comfort bags, 78 throat bandages, 3 cakes
eoap, 7 towels S handkerchiefs, 10 pillow
cases, 330 banHages; Martinez— ls sheets. 5
boxes calve, 2 pillow-capes.
A telegram was received, from Clara Barton,
the famous leader of the "Red Cross Society,
from Lynchburg, Va., in which she states:
Mrs. Dr. Bessell of St. Paul will report to
you by request of h«r city. Her choice proba
bly Manila. Thanks for your good work; it
Is warmly appreciated. En route Cuba via Key
As a large number of troops will arrive to
morrow, the ladies at the ferry will need food
to dispense hospitality. It is therefore asked
of all who can to send or bring their contri
butions to the ladies in charge.
The following- communication was received
yesterday and is self-explanatory:
V.'AYXESBURO, Pa., June S, IS3S.
At a meeting of the Waynesburg Auxiliary
Sanitary Commission, this day held, the fol
lowing resolutions were adopted:
Whereas. An unstinted benevolence that In
time o{ war serves to nerve the hearts and
strengthen the arms of the nation's soldiery
to do brave deeds in her honor and defense"
merits and should receive an open expression
of gratitude from all loyal citizens, especially
!rirn those from whose Qresides and Immediate
vicinity that soldiery Is constituted; therefore
Resolved. That we, the Auxiliary Sanitary
Commlssion of Waynesburg, Pa., hereby ten
oer to the citizens of San Francisco, Cai. our
grateful thanks for the kind treatment accord
ed by them to the Tenth Regiment, Pennsyl
vania Volunteers, during its recent sojourn In
their midst on the eve of its departure to fa*
Philippines; that we ' especially hold them in
heartfelt remembrance for kindnesses to that
pent of the regiment composed of Company X
who, going from our own homes, have taken
our hearts along to sympathize with them in
all their experiences.
Resolved, That copies of these resolutions be
furnished for publication to The Call and the
other city papers be requested to copy
, '"■• . Jan ( '- Jeagarden, Mrs. Ida D. Rlnehart.
Sirß. A. B. Reese. Hester Mahan. Jane Savers
Committee. '
The Palm Social Club, assisted by the Olrls*
Mission High School, will give an entertain
ment and dance for the benefit of the Red Cross
boctety this evening in Pioneer Hall The en
tertainment will be assisted by the Fourth
United States Cavalry Band.
No badges will be given out until to-morrow
when a large consignment will arrive. '
A four days 1 festival will be held at 1615 Post
street, on June 21. 22, 23 and 24, by the Ad
miral Dewey.Club. In aid of the Red Cross
Louise and Olia Jacobs, Gertie and Theodore
Friedlander, Sol and Mable Rosenthal, Mabel
Barnert, Ida Levy, Roselle Schwartz, Sadie
Rothschild and Blanche Block have the affair
lii charge.
Vallejo has, through Its society, sent a valu
able contribution to the local society. With the
proceeds of an entertainment held some days
ago, the committee purchased fifty Arab tents,
with mosquito covering, for hospital use.
The following amounts were received at the
State headquarters yesterday: Belvedere, $10;
Oakland, $10; Calls toga, $50; Brotherhood of
Protective Order of Elks of Los Angeles, Lodge
No.. 99. $100; Salinas, $25; Redwood City, $10;
Hun Rafael, $60; San Mateo, $.!? 50.
The little folks who have the entertainment
and ball In hand to be given In Odd Fellows'
Hall to-morrow evening are working energet
ically and hope to present the Red Cross with a
round contribution. „
Over $750 was realized by the art students by
their successful exhibition held In the rooms of
the Press club on Saturday and Monday.
Through the kindness of the Western Union
and the Postal Telegraph Companies the Red
Cross Society has been allowed the privilege of
their wires without cost.
Donations were received at 16 Post street, as
follows: Mrs. A. S. Townsend. 5000 pounds
dried fruit; Marysville, from Mrs. Ellis, 270
dozen eggs; Haywards, dried fruit; Mojave, 62
bandages; Fresno — 25 comfort . bags, 3S band
ages; Sacramento — 250 bandages, pamphlets, ■!
denim ticks, 11 rolled bandages, 1 box soap,
6 handkerchiefs, 52 comfort bags; Palo Alto—
82 comfort bags, 7 cakes soap. 7 towels, 7 wash
cloths; Angel Island — Mrs. Macomber, 4 lets
pajamas, 483 bandages; Haywards l case i. -I
lies, 1 case reading matter: Sargents, 1 box
reading matter; Santa Paula, 1 box reading
" — — — — — —
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Spanish
Armada
Dm Clftlil from manuscript records and the nar-
of survivor*, with an introduction by
CAPTAIN MAHAIN
Is a feature of the richly illustrated June num-
ber of The Ontury Magazine, which contains
also the experience* of a major In the Cuban
army undi r Qeneral Garcia in an article in-
titled
Ten Months with the
CUBAN INSURGENTS
There is also t)n> M ry pt the man who laid
the mine that blew up the first gunboat ever
destroyed by this means— the electrician of the
• r;it>- navy.
The summer numbers of The Century will
trent i" •■> most Interesting ami timely way sul>-
jecta connecti <i with t lie present war. The
July number will open with a story of
CUBAN FILIBUSTERING
By Winston Churchill, author of "The Cele-
brity." Interetttins articles on Cuba, the
Philippine* nnil Porto Rico will soon appear,
with an authoritative paiier on the sanitation
Of Havaaa. The Century has in fact already
arranged for a series somewhat in the manner
of its famous "Battles and Leaders of the Civil
War," to be entitled
"BATTLES and LEADERS,
Pisces and Problems
of the Spanish-American War."
Get the Jane Century, now on every news stand.
matter; Santa Clara— 9 sacks dried fruit. 1
sack nuts, 10 Backs reading matter, 3
cases canned fruit; Red Bluff —50 caps,
2o comfort bags, 70 bandages; Redwood
City Red Cross Society, $10; Benlcla— l cap,
13 bandages, 16 pillow ticks; Gait. 107 bandages.
Miss Weber, 16 pounds prunes; Miss Ettle Rec
tor, 74 bandages; Miss Weber. 12 pounds apri
cots and peaches; Mrs. H. C. Tildon, 2S disinfect
ing bags; Trinity Church, 79 pillow cases; Mrs.
Spaulding, 3 pounds prunes, 2 pounds dried
»ruit; Mrs. Goodman, 11 comforts; Miss C. B.
Moore, IS comforts; Mrs. Elpinplnger, 14 com
orts and old linen: Noe Street Red Cross Aid.
-6 bandages; Friend. 11 pillow cases; Yates &
Co., 2 cases coal oil; Columbia School, ban
dages, 3 packages dried fruit; a friend, 12 caps;
Miss Elsie Triest, 12 comfort bags; Mrs. H. S.
Brewer, 1 undershirt, 1 bundle old linen; Miss
Helen Darker, 11 caps; Mrs. Lowe's class,
Denman School, 6 comfort bags; Hamilton
School, 26 comforts; Clement School, 1 box pin
balls, 9 rolls; Mrs. G. X. Glbbs, 31 bandages;
Mrs. Warren Richards, 1 large bottle malted
milk, 6 small bottles malted milk; Miss Blake.
74 rolled bandages; Miss Edna Hamilton and
Miss Narwood, 2G bandages; Miss Weber, 7
pounds prunes; Mrs. Bacon, 27 comforts; Miss
Patch and Miss Boltln, 15 comforts: Mrs. Col
froth, 16 flannel bandages, 16 esmaeh bandages;
1 dozen comforts, 9 sacks dried fruit, 1 sack
nuts, 12 3 pound packages dried fruit, 3 cases
preserved fruit, l case preserved fruit; William
Wool! & Co., 1 barrel ginger ale; Mrs. E. C.
Thompson, IS caps.
Nearly $13,000 has been received up to date
by the society. Yesterday the following dona
tions were made: Lulu Langdon and Emma
Spring, proceeds of entertainment, $10; Lie
Count Primary (second subscription), $1 50; Co
lumbia Grammar. 50c; memberships, $16; Ah
ner Doble Co. (employes), $26; Clot, Mesae &
Co., $5; cash. $14: Forum Club (additional sub
scription), $17; Sorosls Club (additional sub
scription), $20; Mrs. J. E. Lorke. $.=>; l>lckman
& Jones (employes), $59; baseball benefit Min
nesota Volunteers, $77 20; W. C. T. 1.. Loyal
ton, Cal.. %i. Mrs. H. Phillips' class, $3 05;
memberships, $16; Yerba Uuena Lodge of Per
fection, Masonic Temple, $25; Lincoln Primary
School. $7 10; Lincoln Boys' Club of S. S. Set
tlement. South Park, $14; Mrs. Henry Schmle
dell. ?25; Wlchman-Lutzen Co., $10; Union
Iron Works office, $15 50; Chinese Society of
English Education, $25; Orange Parlor No. ISO.
N. S. G. w.. Pleasant Grove, Cal., $20; Wis
teria Parlor No. 127. N. S. G. w.. Alvarado.
$20} memberships. 113; • Franklin League Red
Cross, $10; Miss Thomas. $12"; Mrs. Alpheus
Bull, $20; memberships, $S; total to date, $42.
905 93.
GILROY, June 14.— A rousing public meeting
was held last evening at Music Hall under the
auspices of the Red Cross Society of Gllroy.
Mayor chf-sbro presided. The High School stu
dents sang patriotic airs. Rev. J. Bule, Pro
fessor R. C. Storey and C. M. Hoesch made
stirring patriotic speeches for the Red Cross
Society. Elghty-cne names were secured by
the ladies.
MEDALS AND AWARDS
FOR STUDIOUS PUPILS.
EXERCISES AT SACRED HEART
PRESENTATION SCHOOL.
Vicar General Prendergast Presented
the Successful Scholars With
Well-Merited Rewards.
The twenty-ninth annual commence
ment exercises of Sacred I T eart Presen
tation Convent School were held yes
terday in the convent at the corner of
Taylor and Ellis streets. The large
hall was tastefully decorated with the
American colors and with choice cut
flowers. The exercises were attended
by the relatives and friends of the pu-
I'ils in great number and a lenpthy
programme was successfully carried
out.
The medals and diplomas were pre
sented to the scholars by the Rev.
Father Prendergast, vicar general of
the diocese, who congratulated them
on the success that had attended their
earnest, effort.
A detachment from Company A of
the League of the Cross Cadets acted
as ushers.
The following is a complete list of the
awards made the pupils:
For progress In music — May Cavanagh, gold
medal; Mary Byrne and Kose Wagner, silver
medals.
Premium for highest credits for studies and
d»-; ■• rtment- May Byrne.
Premium for English composition— May
Byrne. Eugenic Montgomery, May B. Mulcare
and May Cavanagh.
Mathematics— May Carter, Rose Wagner and
Gertrude Flatley.
Premiums in middle graduating class—High
est credits for studies am! deportment. Evelyn
Drady; English composite n. Edna Montgom
ery; regular attendance, Julia Duody; deport
ment, Josie Cream.
Premiums In Junior graduating class—Dili
gence. Abbeyleix Lundy and Annie Flynn; de
portment. Frances Madrt« n.
Certificates for progress in study— AbbeylMx
Lundy, Adeline Buckley, Agatha Cotter, Ger
trude Lane, Nellie Coovery. Mary O'Brien.
Gertrude Wallace. Christina Barr, Annie Mur
phy, Carrie Donovan, Katie Lyons, Cora Be
retta, Mabel Lundy, Lillian Smith. Annie Bul
llvan. Elsin Mcßride, Katif McCurdy, Mary K.
Ervin, Kathleen Sullivan; premiums for dili
gence, Adeline Buckley, Pahina Reno, Agatha
Cotter; deportment, Carrie ]>on..van, Lucy
Lamey; Christian doctrine, Gertrude I^ane,
Mary Nash; regular attendance. Christina Hun,
Agatha Cotter, Genevleve Hayes and Alice Leo,
Special gold medal far general excellence-
Mary Keegan.
Rabbi Levy Arrives.
Rabbi J. Leonard Levy of Philadelphia,
wl.j will lecture at the Geary-street Tem
ple on Thursday evening, arrived in San
Francisco last night. He states that the
lectures he has bepn delivering on route
to this city are in aid of Philadelphia
charitable and other public enterpri* i In
which he is interested and not for the
Red Crops, as hits been stated in some
local papers. The lecture at Geary-street
Temple has been arranged under the aus
pices of the Ladies' [Endeavor of that
Jewish congregation and it is their inten
tion to devote the net proceeds to a con
tinuation of th'- work In which they are
engaged as an auxiliary of the Rod Cn^s
Society.' By special request the rabbi
will not deliver his sermon on the "School
for Scandal," but his lecture on "Ovr
Country," which is a patriotic address
and one specially pertinent to the stirring
events of these days.
See the Boys Off.
The San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway Company's steamer UkiaJh
will leave Tiburon Ferry to-day
(Wednesday), the loth inst., to accom
pany on the bay the transports leaving
with troops for the Philippines. To
prevent overcrowding only 1000 tickets
will be issued. Price 60 cents each.
Total receipts will be donated to the
'Patriotic Home Helpers." Time of de
parture will be at 9 a. m. from the
Tiburon ferry slip.
Took Carbolic Acid.
Julius Hohmann. a waiter, ended his
life yesterday afternoon at the Tremont
House, on Kearny street by taking car
bolic a<id. He had been living with a
woman iinmed Gertie Edwards for some
time and went to her room yesterday
while she was asleep and took the poison.
She found him lying on the floor dead
«hen she. awoke, and notified the police.
Hohmann left a letter bidding the Ed
wardswoman and bis friends rood-by and
giving as his reason for suicide that he
whs of no account to any one. Another
letter to his sister, Mrs. P. F. West of
Bridgeport, Conn., was found in the
room. This wns dated May IS, and in It
he told his sister of a former attempt to
kill himself which had been unsuccessful.
Ho! for the Santa Cruz Mountains.
A Chance for a chpap trip and a breath
of stimulating 1 mountain air will be af
forded by the "Campers* Excursion" to
be given on Saturday next. Colonel Wil
liam 11. Menton will personally conduct
the pxcursion and that fact insures the
pleasure and comfort of all who partici
pate. The fare will le only SI 25 for the
round trip, and the train which leaves tho
ferry landing 1 at 7:46 a. m. stops at Oak
land. Alameda, Alma. Wrig-hts, Laurel.
Qlenwood, Arcadia, Zayante, Felton, Ben
Lomond, Rowardennan and Boulder
Creek.
Columbia Theater's Curtain-Raiser.
Beginning with this evening the Fraw
ley Company will present In addltfon to
thfir regular performance of the farcical
comedy. "Number Nino," a new curtain
raiser entitled "Po 1 White Trash." It is
a study of a little known phase of Amer
ican life, by Evelyn Greenleaf Sutherland.
The cast will be as follows: Luke Drtiry.
of the class known as "Po' White Trash."
Eleanor Carey; Drent Drury. her nephew,
Alfred Hlckman; Judge Page, John T.
Burke- Dr. Calhoun Payne, Robert G.
Wilson; Carol Payne, Cora Tlnnie; Sal
Hankers. Lucille La Verne; Zap Poon,
Louis Payne; Mllly, Adora Andrews.
Bead "A Busy Day With Secretary
of War Alger at the White House,"
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1898.
VOTE AGAINST
ANNEXATION
Democrats Decide on
Party Policy.
PROCEEDINGS OF A CAUCUS
LARGE MAJORITY OPPOSED TO
ACQUIRING HAWAII.
Speaker Reed Says That Republicans
Will Surely Live to Regret
the Administration's
Course.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, June 14.
The Democrats of the House held a
caucus this afternoon from 5 to 7:30
to consider the Newlands resolution
and define the party policy. Richard
son of Tennessee acted as chairman.
Speeches were made by Bailey, Dins
more, Fleming of Georgia, Hay of Vir
ginia, Mcßae of Arkansas, Clayton of
Alabama and Williams of Mississippi
In opposition to the Newlands resolu
tion. Sulzer of New York, De Vries of
California, Cockran of Missouri,
Brucker <>f Michigan, Taylor of Ala
bama and Ermentrout of Pennsylvania
spoke in favor of it.
King of Utah moved that the action
of the caucus be considered as binding,
but this was defeated. Dinsmore's res
olution against annexation was finally
adopted by a vote of 51 to 17.
In the course of his remarks oppos
ing annexation. Fleming of Georgia
said Speaker Reed, In conversation
with him recently, expressed the opin
ion that the policy of acquiring terri
tory remote from our shores was un
wise. The Speaker said the Repub
lican party would live to regret Its
new-formed policy of colonial acquisi
tion.
TODAY THE HOUSE WILL
VOTE ON ANNEXATION
Fate of the Newlar.ds Resolution to
Be Decided at 5 O'Clock This
Afternoon.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— Eight hours,
comprising the afternoon and evening
sessions of the House to-day, were de
voted to the debate on the Newlands ros-
OlutiOQ for the annexation of Hawaii.
Twenty speeches were delivered, most of
them brief. A vote will be taken at 5
o'clock to-morrow afternoon, and in order
to give time for speeches which members
desire to make the House agreed to meet
at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. The
resolution, according to estimates to-day,
will receive, with the exception of not
more than twelve, all the Republican
votes and will enlist the support of from
fifteen to twenty Democrats and members
of other parties.
Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio was recognized
first, and In Introducing his remarks said
the pending question was not one of party
politics, and he would not appeal to any
of his Republican colleagues who might
oppose annexation to be contrary to their
convictions and support annexation as a
party project.
Arguing for the constitutionality of the
proposed annexation, he contended the
power was given to Congress in the "gen
eral welfare clause" of the constitution.
Replying to the claim that Hawaii is un
necessary as a naval or commercial point
in Pacific transit, because I'nalaska, on
the Aleutians, now an American posses
sion, is a route 800 miles shorter than the
Honolulu route, Mr. Grosvi-nur pn-sented
a h-tter from Commodore Melville in
which he said that, while the T'nalaska
ruute was the shorter, the dense and
long-continued fogs, the ice floes and
storms at and off Unalaska, and the ab
sence of commerce in the Aleutians made
the northern route unsafe and unprofit
able for merchant and passenger ships
Proceeding, he touched lightly the sug-
p<-sr!on that American labor, with its vig
or, intelligence and energy, would bo af
fected by the slight competition which
it would meet at the hands of the Asiat
ics in the Hawaiian Islands. Mr. Gros
venor said 1,.' advocated the resolutions
upon a ground entirely separatd from any
war emergency. He saw in the near fu
ture a wonderful development in tin- com
merce of the East, and in order to pro
vide for the western part of the country
to secure a just and profitable share in
that wealth of commerce, "this half-way
house upon the highway of the Pacific 1 '
was essential. The Ohio member was el
oquent in his defense of the Hawaiian
people against charges of ignorance and
barbarism, and referred in terms that
brought generous applause to the atti
tude of that republic in ignoring all neu
trality law and standing out against the
world to give American soldiers a resting
place in order that they might go on to
victory at Manila. He denied that the in
telligent natives of Hawaii wer opposed
to annexation.
Mr. Richardson (D.) of Tennessee fol
lowed In opposition to the pending meas
ure, laying down the general proposition
that only self-interest should be consid
ered in contemplating any step affecting
the Government, and from that point of
view alone would he treat annexation.
Mr. Richardson said he was a linn be
liever iri the Monroe doctrine and wanted
its integrity to be preserved, hut he w.ih
convinced that annexation would be a
Btep that would end unavoidably In the
abandonment of the doctrine.
Mr. C'oohran (IX) of Missouri, in a
speech replete, with comparisons with
policies of the countries of Europe, ar
pued in advocacy of colonization, not of
conquest. Failure to annex these islands.
Mr. < 'ochran said, would be to invite war,
for in five years, left to the present con
dition of population, the Government ff
Hawaii would be revolutionized and in
five years the country given over to
pngan control. The Philiijpine Islands
formed an entirely dUfereni proposition,
and he protested vigorously ngainst the
foisting of that proposition at this time
to strangle a righteous Issue.
Pearce (R.) of Missouri disputed the
contention that Hawaiian annexation
marked the beginning of a policy of col
onization contemplated by this country,
lie announced that if the question were
brought up In Congress he would vote for
a territorial government there.
Howard (DO of Georgia, in a speech oc
cupying BQOre than an hour opposing the
resolution, elaborated on the principal ar
guments advanced by the opposition and
devoted much time to a careful review
ofAmerican diplomatic relations with Ha
waii. He denominated the dominant gov
ernment in Hawaii as the 'government of
sugar, for sugar and by sugar."
Sulzer <D.) of New Yiprk and Hamilton
(It.) of Michigan In bnef speeches sup
ported annexation. Shafroth (Sil. Rep.)
Df Colorado concluded the afternoon's de
bate. He opposed the resolutions. At S:U
a recess to 8 o'clock was taken.
At the evening session few members
were present and but a few scattered oc
cupants of the- galleries looked upon the
speechmakers. Those who addressed the
House were Barhiim (R.) of California
Speery (R.) of Connecticut, BromweJl (R )
of Ohio. Hilborn (R.) of California, Show
alter (R.) of Pennsylvania, Stover (R.) of
Michigan, De Vries (R.) of California
Packer (R.) of Pennsylvania, Davidson
(R.) of Wisconsin. Gibson (R.) of Ten
nessee, for. and Crumpacker (R.) of In
diana. Kitchen (D.) of North Carolina,
and Broussard (D.) of Louisiana against
the resolution. The House adjourned at
11 o'clock.
SENATE LOBBY TO
BEJNVESTIGATED
Lodge's Resolution Ordering an
Inquiry Is Passed by the
Upper House.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— At to-day's
session of the Senate the resolution of Mr.
j Lodge of Massachusetts, directing that an j
inquiry be made into the disposition made
of the Methodist Book Concern claims
which were paid recently by Congress,
was adopted without a dissension. In the
course of the debate upon it, Mr. Morgan
of Alabama charged that the resolution
was insincere and had been drawn for po
litical effect. This statement Mr. Lodge
denied vigorously, saying his only purpose
in offering the resolution was that all the
facts concerning the matter should be laid
before the people to the end that more
care-should be exercised in the future. He
hoped that as a result of the proposed in
vestigation a general law would be passed
to eliminate the professional lobbyist from
legislative equation.
In the course of the discussion Mr. Mor
gan said that only to-day he had been
informed that a claim of $388,000 paid re
cently by Congress to the estate of John
Roach had been lobbied through Congress
and that the lobbyist had received 50 per
cent of the money. He maintained that if
the Senate was going into the investigat
ing business this and other similar re
ports should be looked into.
The measure to incorporate the interna
tional American bank was under discus
sion for three hours. Final action was not
taken on the bill.
A bill to authorize a retired list for en
listed men and appointed petty officers of
the United States Navy was passed.
Air. Allison called up a joint resolution
passed by the House yesterday appropri
ating $17:U."1 to pay the Rering Sea award.
Allison explained that precisely the same
provision was contained in the sundry
civil bill. As the award had to be paid on
June It!, and as it was manifestly impos
sible to secure the enactment of the sun
dry civil bill by that time, it was neces
sary to present a special measure to car
ry the appropriation. The resolution was
agreed t...
A Senate bill to provide a home for aged
and infirm colored people was passed.
At 2 o'clock the bill for the organization
of a Pan-American bank was laid before
the Senate and Mr. Pettus spoke in op
position to tho granting of the proposed
charter. He Bald such institutions as this
were calculated to stimulae such gam
bling transactions as those which had re
cently occurred in Chicago, where it is
made impossible for the poor to secure
bread notwithstanding the abundance of
wheat. Speaking of the Chicago trans
actions, PettuK said he thanked God that
the perpetrator had gone where he ought
to go.
In an extended reply to some of. the le
gal propositions advanced by Pettus, For
aker said the Committee on Foreign Re
lations had most carefully considered all
phases of all questions bearing upon the
bill, ami hail unanimously reported it in
the belief that it was an excellent meas
ure.
Pettus offered an amendment to the bill
providing that the proposed bank should
not charge or receive more than 6 per
cent interest on loans.
Pending a vote upon the amendment,
Perkins of California presented an argu
ment in favor of the bill. He argued that
the proposed bank was a duty to the peo
ple of this country who desired to do busi
ness with our Central or South American
neighbors, and it was a notice to the
world that the United States proposed to
make an effort to reach out for the busi
ness of the Western Hemisphere.
The Senate ;u 6:10 p. m. went into ex
ecutive session nnd soon after adjourned.
A DISHONEST DOMESTIC.
Lawyer T. Z. Blakeman's Mongolian
Scoops Up the Family Jewelry
and Decamps.
Until Sunday afternoon the household
of T. Z. Blakeman, an attorney residing
at lfiO7 Gough street, was the proud pos
sessor of a Mongolian Servant whose
equal would be hard to find in tho kitchen
and about the house in general, but un
fortunately for the ladies of the family
there was too much faith reposed in
"John," and there is now weeping and
wailing in the home that was happy be
fore he departed. It is not at the Mon
golian's sudden leaving, however, that all
this sorrow la to be found at the Blake
man residence, but in John's going he
scooped up the entire stock of jewelry be
longing to the ladies of the family. Dia
mond rings of milky hue and clusters of
prismatic elegance, with gold watches,
bracelets, brooches and diamond pins, be
sides all the loose coin that was left with
in his reach, disappeared at the same
time that the dutiful servant bade the
family a silent adieu, which was on Sun
day afternoon.
The Mongolian had been left at home
while the family went out to see the boys
in blue at Camp Merritt, and on return
they found t li.it John had also gone out
mid with him all the valuables that he
could gather up. The upper office was In
formed of the Mongolian's flight, and the
venerable Chief sent for two of his best
thief catchers and put them on the case.
Immediately after tho hous* was visited
by Detectives Bee a::d Harper, who with
grief and sorrow heard the pitiful tales of
the lailies over their Losses, In order to
trap the Mongolian without any very
great amount of exertion on their part
they suggested that the back iCJte be
nailed from the inside and a regular or
dinary everyday policeman !n citizen's
clothes be placed on duty in Austin street
to watch for the Chinaman's return .lui
ing the night, when it was suppose! ! c
would return for his everyday working
duds. But John was too wary to be caught
with chaff; he failed to return, nnd as a
corwetruence the archives "f the upper of
t'n i arc onp notch short on thei" splendid
record of "Forty years' experience as a
thief-catching institution."
Chinatown is being carefully watched
by Detectives Gibson and Wren, win will
probably yank in the thieving domestic
ere long.
"With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photographs of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, who stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight. — In next Sunday's Call.
ANTI-CIVIL SERVICE LEAGUE.
Arrangements Made for a Convention
to Be Held in This City
on June 29.
The committee of arrangements for the
State convention iff the Anti-Civil Service
League met last, night at B'nai B'rith
Hall. E3. M. Galvin acted as chairman.
P. B. Gallagher was selected as secretary.
A sub committee was appointed on en
tertainment, hall and headquartera as fol
lows:
J. H. Costigan. Martin Murray, M. S.
Blackburn, B. Ney, C. H. Bcanlan, James
McCoy, J. A. Drolet, J. C. Carpenter.
On motion the chair was authorized to
appoint Frank McGowan to deliver the
address of welcome to the delegates at the
opening of the convention, to be held on
June 2D.
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky was selected by
the committee to act as chairman of the
mass meeting.
A motion was made and after much dis
cussion adopted that the chair appoint a
committee of five to draft an address to
be presented for the ratification of the
convention of the League and then laid
before the State nominating conventions
in opposition to civil service and life
tenure in public office.
The committee consists of August Mul
le.r, P. J. Joyce, C. H. Scanlan, J. A.
Drolet and E. Ney.
"Columbia" and "Old Glory" papeteries,
"Flaß" writing paper, "Flag" envelopes,
"Flag" tally cards, "Flag" place cards
and flaefp. Also badges, buttons, emblems
and "Flng" stationery of all kinds for
private use and patriotic purposes Whole
sale and retail. Sanborn, Vail & Co., "\\
Market street. *
Plasterers Organizing.
A mass-meeting for the purpose of re
orpranlzlng the defunct Plasterers' I'nlon
was held under the auspices of the Build
ing Trades Council at 10IS5 Market street
last night. Frank Cranford. president of
the council, acted as chairman and
Messrs. P. H. McCarthy and J. \v. Rose
spoke of the advantages of reorganizing
the trade. Since the union disbanded two
years ago trade conditions have been get
ting worse and worse, and at present the
wages of the plasterer are lower than
those of the hodearrler. The meeting was
highly successful, as thirty-two signa
tures to the membership roll were se
cured and a temporary organization was
perfected. A meeting will be held next
Tuesday for the election of permanent
officers.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
!■• hi- _ /?
IlmlU /Jr -S/t}* „ — few
**?&&&%&&( JSS*
GREETING TO
FAIR NATIVES
Woodland Bids Them
Welcome.
GRAND PARLOR IN SESSION
RECEIVES A GIFT FROM THE
YOLO METROPOLIS.
Presentation of a Gavel and Cushion
Made From Wood Taken
From the Warship
Hartford.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, June 14.— The twelfth
annual session of the Grand Parlor of
Native Daughters commenced at 10
o'clock this morning. Nearly all the
delegates and a large number of visit
ors were present. Grand President
Mrs. Belle W. Conrad called the parlor
to order. After the usual opening
ceremonies she announced the •follow
ing committees:
On credentials— Miss May Randolph,
Amapola Parlor; Miss Belle Douglas.
Laurel Parlor; Miss Elizabeth Culbert,
Juanita Parlor.
Press— Miss Birdie Mayer, Buena Vista
Parlor, for the Bulletin; -irs. Lena 11.
Mills, Joaquin Parlor, for the Examiner;
Miss Lizzie Douglas, Alta Parlor, for the
Chronicle; Mrs. Mary Tillman, Minerva
Parlor, for The Call; Mrs. H. E. Coil for
the local papers.
Reception— Mrs. Harriet S. Leo. A\ ood
land Parlor; Mrs. Kemp Van Ec, Aaa
Parlor; Mrs. Mary Woods, California Par
lor; Miss Emma L. Schmidt, La Esper
anza Parlor; Miss Lena S. Plumb, Lassen
View Parlor; Miss G. P. Price, Dardanel!-
Parlor; Miss Emma Benning, Buena Vista
i arlor.
A recess was declared to enable the '
committee on credentials to make a re- :
port. After this report was adopted
Grand President Conrad announced the
following additional committees:
Finance— Mrs. H. M. Greene, Buena j
Vista No. 68; Miss Rosa Day. Golden j
State ' No. 50; Dollie Bradley. Oroflno No. 9.
Printing and Supplies— Mrs Mary E.
TiUman. Minerva No. 2; Miss Vena Phil
lips, Veritas No. 75; Miss Rosalie Gelloh,
San Jose No. 81. .
Appeals and Grievances— Mrs. Lena B.
Mills Orinda No. 50; Mrs. Emma Munson,
Piedmont No. 87; Miss Augusta Sohuman,
Mam ♦'da No. 18; Miss Ida B. Herman,
Amapola No. SO; Miss Marguerite Brown,
Miriam No. 91.
Laws and Supervision— Mrs. Emma
Gett, Califla No. 22; Dr. Mary Page Camp
bell, Yosemite No. 83; Miss Mary Swift,
Bonita No. 10; Mrs. Mary I^angford, Occi
dent No. 28; Mrs. Lena H. Mills, Joacjuin
Transportation— Miss Mariana Bertola,
Ramona No. 21: Miss Minnie Martin, E;
tapome No. 55; Miss Louise Eckel, Golden
Era No. 99.
Petitions— Miss Laura J. Frakos, Ama
pola No. 80; Mrs. A. Eigeltinger, La Es
trella No. 89; Mrs. M. R. Guerena, Dar
daneTle No. <i.
Returns— Mrs. Cora Sifford. Buena Ven
tura No. !<".; Mrs Nellie Werley, Conrad
Parlor No. 101; Mrs. A. Bterling, Aielia
No. 102.
State of the Order— Mrs. Lillian A. Car-
Ite, La Estrella No. 89; Miss Mary Kaler,
Ruby No. 4ri; Mrs. Sarah Durkee, Von
dome No. luO; Miss Emma Hilke, San
Joaquin No. 5; Mrs. Frances Barton, Fre
mont No. 59.
Legislation— Mrs. Carrie Roesch Dur
ham. Joaquin No. 5; Miss C. K. Wliten
mey-r, Ramona No. 21; MiBS Mamie Carr,
Marguerite No. 12; Miss Nellie Goodspeed,
Sierra No. 42; Mrs. Ella Caminetti, Ursula
No. 1.
Ritual— Miss Mariana Bertola, Ramona
No. 21; Miss C. K. Wittenmeyor. P.amo.'a
No. 21; Misa Isabel Reed, San Miguel No.
04; Miss Annie Uagley. Chiapa No. 40; Miss
Carrie Creigh, Minerva No. 2.
On the suggestion of Past Grand
President Bertola, the Grand Parlor de
cided to observe in the afternoon the
one hundred and twenty-first 'anniver
sary of the creation of the American
flag. Misses Bertola, Keith and Wit
tenmeyer were appointed to take
charge of the programme, and Mes
dames Carlie and Kemp Van Ec to ar
range the music.
The- grand president named Miss
Harriet S. Lee and Mrs. Caminetti to
fill two vacancies in the board of grand
trustees. The grand president read her
annual report, which was referred to
the proper committee.
The report shows that the Pal
omar Parlor of San Diego and
Rio Bravo Parlor of Bakersfield sur
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B-B-B-B-B-B - B-B-B-B-B-
7 The Big Store in the Mission f T
T SEEING IS \
J BELIEVING I
T And believing is buying, If you I
B look at our stock of Furniture ■
I and Carpets. You can't help
B seeing the superiority of our dis- ■
play; it's as visible as snow in
T winter. All — whether buyers or ■■
not— are welcome to look at _
B everything we have to show in ■
I the way of Parlor and Bedroom I
B Suits, Dining-room nnd Kitchen W
I Furniture and Miscellaneous I
B pieces. Our furniture is as T
I stylish and handsome as it is 1.
B cheap, and strikes the eye and T
I the pocketbook with equal agree- ±
*. ableness.
7 Carpets-Linoleum- Matting -Curtains. 7
B Free delivery In Oakland, ■
Berkeley and Alameda.
! t>ATTOSIEN'S, I
■ Mission and Sixteenth Sts. ■
Plu- j.tr 1 * English I)luiim>... .rnnd.
ENHYROYAL>ItLS
_<fr->v" Original and Only Genuine. A A.
V-i/TJ-VvN B * rc ' »lway3 reliable. - ladies aik «K\
*k,4\ V^.^y\ Drngßlst for Chic.hoters rnaUi'i DinJKJ\\
ZMkplyiPiCvmmd ifranj la Ked *nd «oij met»Ulo\\Qr
? jbk. ■ —^\»is bu:lM • "caled with bluo ribbon. v Take VHr .
w #4 jfi'flno other. Rtfus* dangerma »i<6«(iiu- ' V '.
1/ ~ ilf tionj and imitatknu. At Droggiiti, or ten* 4«, :
I W •Jo' in itampi for pirHcalars. tf "tlmonltls »c 4
V V ' & "Kellef for tadisn," in I'tur, by retara ;
Jl - If Mall. . 10,00*T«ptlm80liili. - JTau Paper.
- >< — "/ CU*ho«torCheailaalC<k,M«{Uoa Baaar%
••14 by HI Local Drafjltu. ; - I'll tL.VOA., VAt
rendered their .. charters , last August.
New parlors were organized as follows:
Vendome ', Parlor No. 100, Conrad Par
lor No. 101 and Alelia Parlor No. 102.
The membership has steadily increased.
During the year the grand president
visited fifty-seven of the sixty-seven
parlors. Sickness prevented her from
carrying out her original plan of visit
ing every parlor. The recommenda
tions of the report are:
First— the grand officers have
appropriate grand officers' regalia.
Second — That a subordinate parlor in
the locality of the Grand Parlor be
held to exemplify the ritual.
Third— That the past grand presi
dents and grand officers attending the
grand parlor be required to deposit
with the grand secretary, a receipt
showing they are in good standing on
July 1 succeeding the meeting of the
Grand Parlor. ■.
Fourth — That there be a relief com
mittee in San Francisco, to consist of
three representatives of each parlor;
that it should be the duty of such re
lief committee to consider and refer all
cases of sickness or disability of sis
ters not members of San Francisco par
lors to said city in rotation, which in
any case referred are to take entire
charge of said case.
At the afternoon session a congrat
ulatory telegram from Grand President
Conley and Grand Secretary Lunstedt
of the Native Sons was read: The re
port of the grand secretary was sub
mitted, showing a healthy and prosper
ous condition. The membership is 2882.
AJta Parlor ranks first in membership.
The report of the grand treasurer
shows a balance of $3259 35 in the treas
ury. . .
The greater part of the afternoon
was devoted to patriotic service in
| honor of the anniversary of the adop-
I tion of the stars and stripes by Con
gress.
Addresses were delivered by Past
! Grand President Wittenmeyer, Miss
; Eliza D. Keith, Miss Lillie Richling,
i Mrs. Baker and others. Mrs. Carlie of
J San Francisco sang "The Flag That
I Stirs Our Souls," and also a song of her |
own composition, entitled, "Yes, "We
; Remember Thee." The service was con
cluded by the singing of the "Star
spangled Banner" by the Grand Par- |
| lor. Grand President Conrad, on behalf j
■of 'the Grand Parlor, in an eloquent
; speech, presented a flag to Past Presi
dent Bertola, who responded in a i
1 touching and pathetic speech.
This evening a reception was tender- '
ed to the grand officers and delegates i
|at New Armory Hall. The decorations ;
1 were superb and presented a beautiful j
sight. I
AjJ V JLjXtX IS -EiIM..E, 1\ IS.
THE DUTY OF MOTHERS.
Daughters Should be Carefully
Guided in Early Womanhood.
What suffering frequently results
from a mother ignorance; or more
frequently from a mother's neglect to
properly instruct her daughter!
Tradition says "woman must suffer,"
and young women are so taught.
There is a little truth and a great deal
of exaggeration in this. If a young
woman suffers severely she needs
treatment and her mother should see
that she gets it.
Many mothers hesitate to take their
daughters to a physician for examina-
tion; but no mother need hesitate to
write freely about her daughter or
herself to Mrs. Pinkham and secure
the most efficient advice without
charge. Mrs. Pinkham's address is
Lynn, Mass. ■t . '.' > ■
The following letterfrom Miss Marie
F. Johnson, Centralia, Pa., shows what
neglect will do, and tells how Mrs.
Pinkham helped her :
"My health became so poor that I
had to leave school. I was tired all the
time, and had dreadful pains in my
side and back. I was also troubled
with irregularity of menses. I was
very weak, and lost so much flesh that
my friends became alarmed. My
mother, who is a firm believer in your
remedies from experience, thought per-
haps they might benefit me, and wrote
you for advice. I followed the advice
you gave, and used Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound and Liver Pills as
you directed, and am now as well as I
ever was. I have gained flesh and have
a good color. I am completely cured of
Irregularity."
' GOOQOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
°™.f PALACE w2w 2
•GRAND HO TMkM%
Q SAN FRANCISCO. q
Crr.recieu' uy .< <;r.v«-reil [>a.->s-i«"W»v\
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attaoha*. °
O *•*- Lndeb Oxb ManaQ* ll *^^ O
O NOTE THE PRICES: O
a European Plan.»l. 00 per day and upwarl q
w American Plan. lf 3. OO per day aad upward w
O ■ Correnp«indcncr Snltultrd. O
q JOHN C KIRKFATBICK, Mtnagsr. O
COOP OO OOOOOOOOOOOQ
S?OPfUltt:
The pure essential extract from the native drupr. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium'
without Its noxious elements. No sickness cf ottinwcaj
dOTOialtaiffiupcouivtnefSinQboadiuUie. AlU^ru^ist^
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 60c to Jl 50 day,
$6 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; re grates in every
room: elevator runs all night. ,
i #^bEWEY,STRONB ftCtyg^;
"PATENTS! J
patents! a
■ Xa^^33o MARKET ST7aF>>B^
'. AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND EXCURSION TO LOS 6ATOS
— ON—
JTJ3STE 17\ 1898.
-BY- . '
Bunker Hill Association, Sons of Vermont,
Sons of American Revolution and"
" California Pioneers.
Oration by HON. SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDGE.
FULL BAND OF MUSIC.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
•■-': ■■-: 8:30 a. m. ■:',:••■;
TICKETS $1. ROUND TRIP.
Children ' 50c. To :be bad at the Emporium
and at, the depot on the morning of the cele-
bration. Prizes awarded... \ - ■■, j ■ :
WEEK DAYS ARE BEST TO SEE
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE GREATEST • GUN }ON EARTH,
AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
A Great Vaudeville Performance In the
FREE THEATER.
MONSTER SEA LION Just- added to the ZOO!
10c, : including ' Zoo and Theater; Children, sc.
OLYMPIA I Co "- d £ ££-*
kju, i I'lriH | Eddy St(B#tt
A Great New BUI. THE : BIOGRAPH. New
War Scenes; the GREAT DE BOE, LA ROY
SISTERS. " EN YVELL. MAUDE ROCKWELL,
LA - . MONT, WILLIAMS, GAMBOL. 'Great
j Show. Admission Free, ■
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
D. APPLETON AND COMPANY'S
NEW BOOKS.
MR. PEMBERTON'S NEW ROMANCE,
Kronstadt.
A Novel. By MAX PEMBERTON. Illus-
trated. 12mo. Cloth, $1.50.
Mr. Pemberton has written a stirring
romance of love, adventure, and political
intrigue, and no reader who begins his
tale will be content to leave it unfinished.
The interior of the gloomy fortress of
Kronstadt, the Baltic, the Finnish Isl-
ands, and London, furnish the background
for swiftly moving scenes which ■ are
tense with suspended interest, with the
power of love, and with the stress of
peril. Although a story of the present
day, the pulse of adventure and romance
throbs as strongly in these pages as in
a mediaeval tale.
Arachne. :
An Egyptian Romance. By Dr. GEORG-
EBERS, author of "Uarda," "Joshua,"
"An Egyptian Princess," etc. Uniform
edition. In two volumes. 16mo. Per
vol., cloth, 75 cents; paper, 40 cents.
In "Arachne" Dr. Ebers returns to the
Egyptian field in which he has gained
such wide popularity. The story opens In
274 B. C. The opening scenes are laid In
a little town near the Nile Delta, and
later the movement of the romance
transfers the reader to Alexandria.
Messrs. D. Applcton and Company are the.
publishers of the complete edition of Dr.
Ebers't works. .- •■ -
EDWARD BELLAMY'S G^EAT BOOK,
Equality.
By EDWARD BELLAMY, author .of
"Looking Backward," "Dr. Heiden-
hoff's Process. etc. 12mo. Cloth, $1.25.
"The book is so full of Ideas, so replete
) with suggestive aspects, so rich in quot-
able parts, as to form an arsenal of argu-
ment for apostles of the new democracy."
I — Review of Reviews. - . - -'I
"So ample was Mr. Bellamy's material,
iso rich is his Imaginative power, that
'Looking Backward' scarcely gave him
room to turn in."— New York Times.
These books are for sale by all booksellers;
i or they will be sent by mail on receipt of
j price by the publishers.
jD. APPLETON AND COMPANY,
I 72 Fifth Avenue, New York.
. AMUSEMENTS.
MORQSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices — 10c, 25c and 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THIRD WEEK of
.'.'. GEORGE P. WEBSTER .'.'.
In Clay M. Greene's Great Arctic Drama, •
77 Under the Polar Star?
Directed by H. PERCY MELDON.
i A Magnificent Production, With New Scenic.
Mechanical and Electrical Effects."
: Gigantic Icebergs— The Sea of Ice.
Burning of the Arctic Steamer.
The Aurora Borealls.
Drifting Over the North Pole on the Ice Floes.
OLD GLORY AT THE NORTH POLE.
<fc ,
COLUMBIA THEATER.
IN POSITIVE FAVOR !
FRAWLEYCOMPANY
Presenting for the first time in this city
Augustin Daly's Latest Comedy Success.
"NUMBER NINE."
By the Authors of "Great Unknown," "Two
•Escutcheons," etc.
NEXT MONDAY— "ARISTOCRACY."
BALDWINJTHEATER.
Continuing all this week. Afternoons at 8.
evenings at 8:30. The acme of science In mov-
ing pictures. "THE PASSION PLAY." Ad-
mission, with seat, adults 25c. children ISc.
MATINEE, TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), June 15.
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. . Chil-
, dren 10c, any part.
FANNY WENTWORTH, London Society En-
: tertainer; EZRA KENDALL, humorist; CAR-
LIN and Clark, German Comedians; SAVANS,
Acrobatic comedy; KATIE ROONEY, WILLS
and LORETTO, ALBURTUS and BARTRUM,
MUSICAL JOHNSONS. Retained by Popular
demand— AL LEACH and the THREE ROSE-
; BUDS.
i TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
! Mrs. Ernestine Proprietor and Manager. '
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK,
LAST TIMES.
j THE PATRIOTIC OPERA 1 . xC SPECTACLE,
AN
AMERICAN HERO!
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
i NEXT WEEK
i. ■ A Production Par Excellence!
1 "A.T_jl BABA!"
I ' A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
[ Popular Prices 25 and 800
} No Telephons. •' ■
jalcazar. seats by
i ALCAZAR. .MiSSSE;
, ALL THE LEADING PAPERS INDORSE
:h LEWIS MORRISON
As COUNT DE MORN AY,
A CELEBRATED CASE !
1 Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON In the Pa-
triotic Play, "THE NATION'S DEFENDERS."
Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c, 50c, ••
MECHANICS^ PAVILION.
RECEPTION BY THH
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE
MAJOR-GENERAL MERRITT, U. S. A., WIU
Receive a MARCHING REVIEW of th«
■■■■■■ ■: .;■- ■ •
First Minnesota Regiment, U.S.V.,
FRIDAY, JUNE IT, 8 P. M.
ADMISSION BO CENTS.
BENEFIT OF RED CROSS SOCIETY.
CAMPERS' till HE
EXCURSION. . . ipliZu
TO THE
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Personally Conducted by WM. H. MENTON,
Excursion Pass. Agt., S. P. Co.
SATURDAY, JUNE 18, 1898,
I Stopping at ALMA. WRIGHTS, LAUREL.
GLKNWOOD, ARCADIA, ZAYANTE, FEL-
TON, BEN LOMOND. ROWARDENNAN and
BOULDER CREEK.
■ Train leaves Ferry landing 7:45 a. m., Oak-
land (14th and Franklin sts.) 7:45 a. m.. Ala-
meda (Park st.) 8:20 a.'m.
T. H. GOODMAN, G. P. A., S. P. Co.
H. R. JUDAH, A. G. P. A.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
■ Open Dally from 7a.. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - -<m . CHILDREN *.
Batumi, with admission, bo; chiidron. tSo.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver doing better again.
All Cereals flat and neglected.
I >ld Hay steady and new weak.
No change in Fee.istuffs.
aaid Seeds dull.
Hides, Leather and Tallow firm.
Potatoes weak and Onions firm.
F.jfRS firm. Butter and Cheese weak.
Another car Of Eiistenr Poultry in.
Qener&l Improvement In Fresh Fruits.
Pried Fruit stagnant.
Provisions generally active and firm.
Wool slowly improving.
Freights .>n Hops advanced.
Another advance in Pork. Beef steady.
< i!s unchanged.
Coal steady.
!. silver firm.
EXPORTS OF FEEDSTTrFTS.
Exports of Flour from this port during the
f.rft eleven months of the year were 783.315
barrels, apalnst 1. 059.900 during the same time
in 1597 Reducing this Flour to a wheat basis
and adding it to the exported Wheat gives a
total export of wheat fur the time named of
. valued at f18.669.900, against
00 ctls at $16,860,000 for the same time
In 1597.
RECEIPTS OF REDWOOD.
The receipts of Redwood at San Francisco
In May, as reported by Wood and Iron, were:
From Mendocino, 8,702,718 feet lumber and 27.428
ties; from Humboldt, 3.013,690 feet lumber, 6,-
Bhingles, 130.000 shakes and 1703 ties;
from Del Norte, 1,109,000 feet lumber.
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate minimum temperature
fir the •!•!>*; those underneath It, If any, the
rainfall or of melted snow In inches ;
and bundredths .luring the last twelve h.iurs.
It- bars, or i connect points of equal
n:r pressure; isotherms, or dutted lines, equal
Tl •• word "high" means high
ire and is usually accompanied
l> :.iir weather; "low" r»?fer? to low pres
eur" anil is usually preceded and accompanied
■ '.y wreather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the i - rh in tli^ Interior and low
along • ■ and the isobars extend north
and c uth :il"r.!? the coast, rain Is probable;
hen the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
I curvature, rain p.>uth of Oregon Is im-
With a "high" In the vicinity of
I . and the pressure falling to the Oall
t, -.varmer weather mey be expected
In cummer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse i f these conditions will produce an
opp<<site result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
•'i Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures ar»
reported I day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, h4; Fresno. 86; Los Angeles, 76; Red
flence, R2; San I'lego, 66; Sac
■ Snn Lula Ohtspo, 74; Tuma, 9S.
Francisco temperature — Maximum, 68;
minimum, 58; menn. fi3.
WEATHER CONDITIONB AND GENERAXi
f> IRECASTB.
An ar^a of low pr»=«ure lies over the country
en the Coast and the Rocky Mountains.
During the past twenty-four hours there has
Blow ilsf- in pressure over the greater
portion of the Pacific slope.
The ti-mj erature has remained nearly sta
: over the entire country west of the
R icky Mountains. Throughout California the
temperature Is generally below the normal.
Cloudy weather with ligTit showers Is reported
along the Pacific Coast north of San Fran
eleco.
The following maximum wind velocities are
rei rted: !■" ri Csnby, 40 miles per hour from
theast; Carson City, 26. southwest.
Forei • ai Ban Francisco for thirty
Sing midnight. June 15, IS9S:
Northern • Fair Wednesday In the
[3 in the northers por
tion, with showers In the extreme north; fresh
esterly wind; fog along the coast In the
n.' nilng.
':ern California— Fair Wednesday: fresh
Nevada- Cloudy Wednesday, with showers in
extreme northern portion.
Utah- Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona rail Wednesday.
Ban and vicinity— Cloud} Wednes
day forenoon, fair in the afternoon; fresh
southwesterly wind: fog In the morning.
:-.,., [al report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at 5 p. m. — Clear: wind west, 36 miles per hour;
temperature, 53; maximum, 54.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June —There was a dispo
sition in speculative circles to-day to await
the further ■ progress of events after a series
of testings by the professional element. There
was evidently an expectation at the opening
that there might be renewed pressure of forced
liquidation on account of- the collapse In the
wheat deal. The bears were prepared for such
a development and sold with considerable con
fidence, bringing about declines of a point In
some cases.' No heavy offerings were encoun
tered at the 'decline, however, and prices had
come back about to the opening level before the
end of the first hour. Later in the day there
was renewed 1 selling: on quite a large scale,
.which was attributed to Chicago account and
this served to reawaken some apprehension
as to the extent of the damage done to the
financial fabric by the collapse In wheat. This
feverish tendency of prices unsettled the tone
or th>» speculation and resulted In a rather
dull .market for the rest of the day. The
strength of. Manhattan and the firmness of
■Sugar and Tobacco on the later dealings help
ed to sustain the market. There is pome anx
iety, in the street to ilnd how the subscriptions
to the new Government loan will progress. it
is . considered probable that money will be
come dearer, though no actual stringency Is
looked for by any competent observer. The new
revenue law in force to-day has one or two
features whose effect on the stock market
values Is a matter for consideration.
Prices of bonds yielded in sympathy with
stocks, but losses were less and there was no
pressure to liquidate. Total sales, $1,840,000
■United States new 4s, registered, advanced
hi; do coupon. 1^; the old fa, coupon, Vi; the
old 4s, registered and the ss, VA In the bid
price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 417 400
shares, including: 16,756 Atchison preferred
7757 C. & 0., 16,135 Burlington, 9510 C. C c'
& St. L., 7840 L. & X., 6500 Manhattan," 85i
Missouri Pacific, 3400 New York Central. 5483
Northern Pacific, K445 do preferred, 1334 Rock
Island, 34,445 St. Paul, 25,855 Union Pacific 19 -
Tobacco, i3W C. G. W.. 41,100 Peopled "Gas
33,800 Sugar.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 1314 Do pre.v 150
Do prefd 33 St i- m& M . .. 141
Baltimore <£ Ohio v.-\ Bo Pacific 18
Canada Pacific .. S6V4 So Railway ......'. ay.
Canada Southern. 51 Do prefd • 2*->
Central Pacific .. 13V4 Texas & Pacific.. 11%
Chcs &0h10...... :•:"-„ Union Pacific .... 23%
Chi & Alton 168 Do prefd ... . ESVi
Chi B & Q.. ...... 104% v P D & G.V....: 6%
Chi & E 111 C4V Wabash ........... 7U
CCC &St L.... 39*4 Do prefa 18T4
Do prefd 85 Wheel & L E....; 1%
Del & = Hudson.... 109V4 Do prefd ........ 11
Del L & W ...160 Express Companies-
Den & R 0 12H Adams Ex ."...... 100
Do prefd ........ oil* American Ex .... 127
Erie (new) 13% United fit**"* .... 40
Do Ist prefd.... *«',» Wells Fargo .....' IIS
Fort Wayne 158 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd 178 A Cot Oil ........ 20
Hocking Valley... si: Do prefd 33Vi
Illinois Central .. 104H!Amn Spirits ..... 14%
I^ake Erie & W.. 15»S Do prefd ,374
Do prefd ........ 72 Am Tobacco ..... lll'/i
Lake Shore ...:..- 189 - Do prefd ........ 118
Louis & Kaab.... 6t% People's Qaa ...99%
Manhattan L .... 105%..C0ns Gas 200%
Met St Ry 160%; Com Cable C 0.... 175
Mi.-h Central .... 102% Col F &, Iron 21
Minn &St L 25% Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... 90 Gen Electric 37%
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel 56
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Laclede Gas 45%
Mo X & T 11 Lead 84%
Do prefd 33% Do prefd 1.-%
Chi Ind & L 9% Nat Lin Oil 17
Do prefd 30 >r Imp Co 29%
N J Central .... 94% Pacific Mall 25%
N T Central ... 115% Pullman Palace... 187
N V Chi & St L.. 13 Silver Certificates 57%
Do Ist prefd.... 63 Stand R & T 5%
Do 2d prefd.... 33 Sugar 138%
Nor West 15 Do prefd 114%
No Amer Co 6% T C & Iron 23%
No Pacific 2y\ V S Leather 7
Do prefd ......... 6S 7 4 Do prefd 65%
Ontario & W.... 16% 1 U S Rubber 21%
Or R & Nay 61%| Do prefd 81%
Or Short Line.... 29 West Union 91%
Plttsburg 169 C & N W 125
Reading 19% Do prefd 170
Rock Island 105% St L & 9 v» 6%
St Louis & S F.. 7% Do prefd 11%
Do Ist prefd.... 63 RG W 25
Do 2d prefd.... 29% Do prefd «4%
St Paul 99% Chi G W 14%
Do prefd 14S%jHaw Com Co 23>4
St P & Ora 77%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 124 N Carolina 6s 125
Do coup 124 Do 4s 102
U S 4s Ui l ,t No Pac lsts 115
Do coup 110 Do 3s 62%
Do .Js 95 Do 4s 97
U Sss reg 1U NYC& St L 4s. 103%
Do 5s coup 11l Nor & W 6s 120
District 3.G5s 114>*. Northwstrn cons. 140
Ala class A 110 Do deb 5s 116
Do B 105 0 Nay lsts 115
Do C 90 O Nay 4s 95%
Do Currency ... 90 O S Line 6s tr.... 126%
Atchlson 4s 92% O S Line 5s tr.... 106%
Do adj 4s 65% 0 Imp lsts tr 114
Can So 2ds 109 Do 5s tr 69
Chi Term 4s 85 T -i Pacific 6s of 85... 101
C & Ohio 6s 1141* Reading 4s 80%
C H & D 4%» 104% R O W lsts 88
D & R G lsts 106% 3t L 4 I M C si. 94%
D&R G4s 95 St L&S F G 6s. 119%
East Term lsts.. 108 St P Con 145
Erie Gen 4s 73% St P C & P lsts.. 11S% I
F W & D lsts tr. 71' 2 Do os 116%
Gen Eleo 5s 103 So Ry 09 94% I
GH& a A 65.... 105 Stand R& T 65.. 66 |
Do 2ds 105 Term new set 3s. 91%
H &TC 5b 103 T & PI, G lsts.. 105%
Do con 6s 104% Do Rg 2ds 38%
lowa C lsts 100% L'nlon Pac 4s 96%
La new cons 45.. 100 UPD & G lsts.. 60% j
I. ft N T'nl 45.... 90%]Wablst 5s 109%
Missouri 6s 100 I Do 2ds So |
M X & T 2ds 63 W Shore 4s 108% i
Do 4s 87% Va Centuries 7114
N V Central Ists. 118% Do deferred ... 5%
N J C 6s 114U D P prefd 69%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar OSlOntario I 75
Crown Point 05 Ophir 20
Con Cal & Va..... 33iPlymouth 12
Deadwood 60 1 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.... 601 Do nrufd 2 00
Hale & Norcross.. 70iSierra Nevada ... 55
Homestake 45 00 1 Standard 150
Iron Silver 65 (Union Con 12
Mexican 05 1 fellow Jacket .... 15
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 14.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were stagnant to-day, the brok
ers being at the Ascot races.
Americans were dull, rinsing at about the
lowest, because of the collapse of the Lelter
wheat deal. This caused a semi-panic on the
Liverpool Corn Exchange and renewed rumors
as to the solvency of seme firm? here.
The Seligmane announce the details of the
United States Government loan, and that they
are prepared to remit subscriptions from here.
It is understood that the Brazilian funding
si-heme will snnn be submitted to the bond
holders by a council of foreign bondholders act
ing for the Rothschilds, who presumably dis
like association with Brazil's temporary de
fault.
The supply of American bills offered for dis
count Is asriln very large.
The difficulties connected with the recent Is
sue of Chilean treasury bills are in tha course
of arrangement.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, SSi*; Grand Trunk, S%; Bar
Silver, quiet, 2^ a id per ounce; Money, %'g'l per
cent.
Spanish 4s closed at 34 3-16, a net loss of 3-16.
PARIS. June 14.— Spanish 4s' closed at 34*. a
net loss of 3-16.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 14.— Close: Money on call.
Fteady at 1%©1% per cent; last loan, 1% per
cent. Prime mercantile paper, 3<g4 per cent.
Sterling exchange, steady, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 85Vi@4 85% for de
mand and »t 83^®4 84 for sixty days. Posted
rates, $4 BS&i 85% and $4 86^1^4 87. Commer
cial bills. $4 87^4 87%. Silver certificates, 57»4(fJ
58% c Bar silver, oSc. Mexican dollars, 45^i.
Government bonds, strong. State bonds heavy.
Railroad bonds, heavy.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. June Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to AJradstreefs Indicate the
following changes In available supplies last
Saturday as compared with the preceding
Saturday:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east ■of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease 3,405,000; afloat
for and In Europe, Increase 600.000; world's
supply, decrease 2.*%, 000 bushels.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase "76,000 bushels
Oats, United .States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, 104,000 bushels.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE).
NEW YORK. June 14.— FLOUR— Receipts.
24.960 barrels; exports 9815 barrels.
WHEAT— Receipts. 255.536 DUBhels; exports.
I 385,500 bushels. Spot easy; No. I red. 93c f. o.
'b. afloat export grade. Options opened firmer
I on foreign buying and better Liverpool cables
i than expected. A reaction followed under real
; lzing. but fairly steady conditions obtained all
! day on adverse crop news, confidence over dls
! appearance of clique control and on exports,
closed steady at V4c advance on July, He de
i cline for September, and %r rise on December,
the latter getting good support. July, 82&@87c,
: closed, S3V t c.
: Hops— Steady.
METALS— The feature of to-day's market
( was a further Improvement In spelter and a
sharp rally in lead. At the close:
PIG IKON -Warrants ruled easy with $6 50
bid and $6 55 asked.
i LAKE COPPER-Oull with $11 80 bid and $12
! rsked.
TlN— Easy at $15 bid.
LEAD— Strong and higher with $3 87V4 bid
and $3 S<2 l^. anked. The firm naming the set
tling price for miners and smelters In the West
quoted lead at $3 65.
SPELTER— Strong and scarce with $5 bid and
$5 25 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, sflo
points net lower. Sales. 13,250 bags, including
July, $6 65. Spot Coffee— Rio dull and un
changed. Mild, dull; Cordova, B>4ifpsVkC.
ST'GAR— Raw, quiet, but steady; fair re
fining, Wo; centrifugal. 96 teßt. 4 5-16 c. Re
fined, quiet, but pteady.
BUTTER -Receipts. 15,451 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 13M.irl7c: tiglns, 17c; fac
tory. lO'.A'glSc.
EGGS— Receipts, 9000 packages. Steady;
Western, 12c; Southern. lO^fiUc.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. June 14.— California Dried
Fruit quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6®?c;
prime wire tray, 9fif"jc; wood dried prime,
9Vic; choice. 9' fancy, 10c.
PRUNES— 4?i-8 Vie.
APRICOTS -Royal. SffflOc; Moorpark. 10@12o.
PEACH ES— Unpeeled, 6Q9c; peeled, 12@160.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 14.— The flurry yesterday
seemed to have cleared the atmosphere on the
Board of Trade and to-day there was nothing
to remind one of the disturbance but the
lower prices. The Letter deal was generally
considered to be dead and burled, so far as the
trading in deferred futures was concerned, but
the obsequies of the cash end of that remarka
ble speculation were still to . be perfected.
Wheat started not far from the closing prices
of the day before for the bulk of the transac
tions, although a few sales were made at %c
Improvement in September and December de
liveries. Weakness very soon developed, how
ever, and July sold down 3 cents and Septem
ber and December about l%c each during tho
half hour's trading. It became rumored dur
ing the forenoon that besides buying from Lei
ter all the June wheat the latter had com
ing to him. Armour had bought all the cash
wheat held by the young speculator in Mm(
( nesota and Duluth. That gave a little firmer
tone to the proceedings In the pit. The gather-
Ing strength was increased when the rumor
referred to received the substantial confirma
tion of the President of the Illinois Trust and
Savings Bank. To complete the bullish com
bination the .weather was still 1 wet in Texas
where about half of the wh^-it Is in snock
and It rained heavily in Ka. ..as and other
Western States. where wheat cutting had
commenced. Liverpool contributed a further
item of bullishness by cabling that the wheat
throughout \ the East Central Russia was
threatened with total failure from drouth and
that the worst was probable unless rain re
lieved the situation within a week. The Liv
erpool quotations, however, were anything but
bullish, giving clear indications of the aban
donment of a threatened July corner in that
market. July wheat there was Is 3d per cental
or the equivalent of - ISc a bushel lower this
morning than it closed yesterday, but Sep-
I tember was only the equivalent of l%c a bush
el and December %c lower. July at Liverpool
had recovered about 6c per bushel of its early
loss before the close. July closed with a loss
of l%c and September %c lower. "
The continued showery wonthor and the more
settled feeling In the wheat pit created a firm
tone In corn. July closed unchanged ■
. After a weak start; oats firmed up on' re
ports of wet weather. Prices at one tin show
ed a slight advance. The close was unchanci'd
from yesterday. . ;:-, . ?^.
Reports of an Improvement in the yellow fe
ver, situation in Mississippi, together with light
receipts of hogs and higher prices at the yards
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JTJXE 15, 1898.
had a strong: - influence in provisions at the
start. The market reacted later on : selling
by English packing concerns. Swift was also
a seller. Pork lost 17% c and ribs 2%e. Lard
closed unchanged. .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2—
June 85 85 84 85
July. 79 79 78 77%
September 71% 71% 69% 70%
December 71% 71% 70 70%
i Corn No. 2—2 —
i June 31% 82 81% 81%
July 324 32% 32 32%
September S3 83% 32% . 33%
Oats No. 2— •-''-'■ ,.
July 33% 24 23% 23%
September 21% 21% 20% 21%
• Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 9 60 9 70 » 40 9 42%
j September 9 77% 990 9 60' ,9 60
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July '....5 82% 5 85 6 70 5 72%
September 5 70 6 92% 5 82% 6 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 IT>s—
July 5 47% 5 47% 6 37% 6 37%
September ..5 £0 5 57% 5 45 5 47%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
weak; standard brands quoted at $5 50, with
prospects of $5 being the market against |8 1
last month; No. 2 spring Wheat, 78@80o; No. 3
spring Wheat, 78@S3c; No. 2 red, 85c; No. 2
Corn, 32% c: No. 2 Oats, 24Vic; No. 2 white, 28c;
No. 3 white, 27c; No. 2 Barley, 31<ff33c; No. 1
Flaxseed. $1 14; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 65;
Mess Pork, per bbl, $9 40<§'9 45; Lard, per 100
pounds, $5 7096 80; Short Ribs Sides (loose),
$."• 25@'5 60; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 64?
5Uc; Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 80(Jf6.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
j Flour, bbls ". 5.900 4,300
I Wheat, bu 31.000 59,000
I Corn, bu 552,400 656,400
Oats, bu 263,800 343,300
Barley, bu 8.400 700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was linn; creameries. 14@16o; dairies,
11%®14c Eggs steady; fresh, 9%c. V .-=
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipt*. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 22,010 80.750
Duhith 45.325 10,000
Milwaukee 33,800 26,690
Chicago 31,000 88,122
Toledo w .. t
St. Louis 6.000 15.000
Detroit 14.000 15,500
Kansas City 1,777
Totals ....... .TTiTT
Tidewater — • -•.;%
Boston 425 ■-•'.rjv;.
New York 285,823 855.337
Philadelphia .......
Baltimore 26,574 .......
New Orleans ,
Galveston 6,050 2.000
Totals "7TT7TT.
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— . June. Sept. -Deo.
Opening 62 10 49 50
Closing 6140 48 90
Flour —
Opening 28 05 12 25
Closing 27 60 2130
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
„ - June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 7 7 62% 5 11%
Closing 79% 6 2 6 11%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. June 14.— CATTLE— Business was
active in cattle to-day; prices showed little
change. Choice steers, $5 20@5 30; medium,
J4 50@4 65; beef steers, ?4(5"4 45; stockera and
feeders, $3 Ss'g4 90; cows and heifers, $3 30®
37. calves, $4@7; Texas steers, $4 50@4 75.
HOGS — There was an active demand for hogs
and prices were .Wine higher. Fair to choice,
$3 90'ri 4 07; packers, $3 So@3 <<2; butchers, $3 85
<g4 02: mixed, $3 80@4; light. $3 65©3 90; pigs, !
$2 50(52 75.
SHEEP— Were strong. Common to prime
sheep, $3 50@5 35; rams, HQ4; heavy sheep. $4 50
(g'4 75; clipped lambs, $4<&6 15; spring lambs,
$0 6096 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 3000; Hogs, 18,000; Sheep,
10,000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, June 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4100.
Market steady, j Native beef steers, 14194 90;
Western steers, $3 BO@4 50; cows and heifers,
$3 60t?4 45; calves, $4 50-55; stockers and feed
ers, $4(§5 20; bulls and stags, $3@4
HOGS— Receipts. 5300. Market 80 higher.
Heavy, $3 77@3 87; mixed, $3 75£3 77; light, $3 75
©3 80; bulk of sales, $3 77®3 80.
SHEEP- Receipts, 700. Market strong. Fair
to choice natives, $3 SO@4 65; fair to choice
Westerns. S3 8004 60; common and stock sheep,
!$3 SO© 4 50; lambs. $4 750fl 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY,' June 14.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5000. Best grades steady; others weak. Native
steers, S3 25@4 90; cows and heifers, $2 20<g 4 85;
Btockers and feeders, $3 50@5 50; bulls, $3 05<£P4.
HOGS— Receipts, 17,000. Market strong to Be
higher. Bulk of sales, $3 65<53 90; heavies, $3 75
@4; packers, {3 65<g3 85: mixed, S3 554?3 82;
lights. $3 MS 3 70; pigs. S3 10<§3 40.
SHEEP— 2000. Market firm. Lamb*,
$8 85@5 £0; muttons, $2 80@4 75.
DENVER.
DENVER, June 14. -CATTLE— Receipts, 2000.
Market active and steady. Beef steers, $4@4 75;
cows, $3®4: feeders, freight paid to river, $4<gi
4 80; stockers, freight paid to river, $4®4 90;
bulls and stairs, $353 30.
HOGS— Receipts, 400. Market firm: 5c higher.
Light packers. $3 8003 82; mixed, $3 754i3 85;
heavy, $3 70@3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 14— ConsoU, 111%; Silver,
263 i; French Rentes. 103f 27V4c.
LIVERPOOL, June 14— Cargoes off coast.
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage,
buyers and sellers apart; English country mar
kets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16.
CLOP I NO.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, quiet, 4s
4Vfcd; July steady, 3s 2Vfed; September steady,
3s |Ud,
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter dull, 12s 3d.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; July, 7s
9V4d; September. 6s 9d.
RUSSIAN WHEAT CROP.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 14.— The winter
Wheat crops are satisfactory, except in five
provinces, and the spring crops are satisfactory
except In two provinces.
CASH IN THE TREASURT.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— T0-day's Btnte
ment of the condition of the treasury shows-
Available cash balance, $188,932,409; gold re
serve, $165,177,705.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 14.—COTTON—Easy
middling, 6 11-16 C.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, June 14.— The Wool market has
been remarkably quiet this week although very
little weakness Is noted. The call for territory
Wool has been slow, owing to the high price
of the new clips. Fleece Wools have had some
call at prices ranging from 20c to 23c for quar
ter and half-bloodß, while other lines have
brought 210 and 22c Australian Wools have
met with a slow sale, but prices held firm
Quotations:
Unwashed medrum Missouri quarter-blood
combing, 21<g22c; braid combing, 20c.
Texas Wools— Spring medium. 12 months, lG<f?
Me; ecoured, 40*?M2c; spring, 12 months, l«r<i
18c; scoured. 43r044c
Territory Wools— Montana, fine medium and
fine, 15®lfc; scoured, 4Dc; staple, 48c; Utah,
Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine, 14©15 c;
scoured, 43<??45c; staple, 48c.
Australia— Scoured basis, combing superfine,
70^720; good, 65©68 c: average, 62(§;65c.
Queensland— Combing, 65c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, June 14.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California Fruit aa follows:
Seven cars sold. Apricots— Royal, $1 10<£fl 45,
average $1 3S; Plums — Clyman, 60^750, average
69c; Cherries — Black Republican, 90c<5$l 10.
average 92c: Royal Anne, 55'c?95c, average 75c.
NEW YORK, June 14. — Ten cars sold. Apri
cots—Royal, $1 OSffl 85, average $1 27; Plums-
Royal Hative, 80cg»l 50. average $1 07; Cly
man. 80o<g:$l 20, average $1 01; Prunes— Tragedy,
« 06®2 20, average $2 15; Cherries- Royal Anne,
50c<gtl SO, average 73c; Tartarian, 65c®$l 90,
average 70c.
BOSTON. June 14.— Three cars sold. Cher
ries— Royal Anne, 80c@$l 15, average $1 05;
Black Oregon, 95c55l 20, average $1 02; Peaches
—Alexander, $1 30@l 70, average $1 48.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., June 14.— Exchanges, $269,
149; balances. $62,018.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. June 14.— The wheat mar
ket is still stationary and quiet with no trans
actions reported. Quotations are strictly nom
inal.
PORTLAND, June 14.— Cleared— British bark
Cromptun. for Queenatown, with 163,349 bush
els of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 14.— Wheat— No sales*; quota
tions unchanged.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. -
Sterling Exchange,, sight ...........— $4 85V,
Sterling Exchange,: SO days — 4 S7Vi
Sterling Cable* — 4 87»i
New York Exchange, sight V. .• — '.« 15 ';•■■■
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ' 17'^
Fine Silver, p«r ounce — S8
Mexican Dollars .....:....:.... ... 41 ... 40^
"WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
; ; • . WHEAT 'FREIGHTS—A re nomlppi nt 27? Cd,
usual options, f. with no .: bualnei"' ■? -■ *"*■>« char
! tered 1 Wheat fleet In port hns >red ton
1 nag:e r of 3?42, agatnet 14.200 .tci.'^^P he , sam?
date : last • year; * disengaged, C 336 -.^Ji, , against
93,800; on the way to this port, 239,000, against
270,800.
WHEAT— The collapse of the Letter deal at
Chicago has left things deader than ever and
there Is nothing doing Quotations are purely
nominal.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ; milling, *1 66@
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9-15 o'clock— December—
10,000 cUs. $1 33; 2000 $1 33%; 4000. 1 33%; 4000,
$1 33%; 18.000. $1 33%.'
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 83%;
24,000. |1 32%; 16,000, $1 33. . 
Regular Morning Session — December— l4,ooo
ctls, $133; 14,000, $133%; 32,000, $133%.
Afternoon Session — December — 24.000 ctls,
$1 33%; 16,000; $1 33>*; 2000 $1 33; 24,000. $1 33%;
May— 2ooo, $1 36; 2uOO. $1 36%; 4000. $1 36%.
BARLEY— There is no business in any de
scription and quotations are therefore nominal.
Feed, $1 15@1 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 915 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. nnM 
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 Otis,
$1 15%.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 15Vj; 2000, $1 15%; 2000, $1 15%; 4000, $1 15%.
OATS— The market continues sluggish at un
changed quotations. Even the ordinary local
consumptive demand Is lacking.
Fancy Feed, $1 37%(ai 40 per ctl : rood to
choice, $1 27 Va! 32%; common. 11 20@l 2b ; Sur
prise, $1 35©1 40; gray, $1 25<S>1 30; milling,
$1 32%@1 37% per ctl.
CORN— This cereal, like all the others, is
dead, and quotations are nominal.
Small round yellow $1 T/ifl 30; large yellow,
U 05@l 07':; white, $i o°>i<i/ r 05 per ctl; mixed,
{1 02%®l 05.
RYE— Very weak at $1 Js©l 30 P er ctl -
BUCKWHEAT— $1 76©1 86 per ctl.
FLOUR AND lIILLSTUFFS.
All descriptions under this head are dull and
unchanged.
FLOUR— Family extras, $6 60@5 60; bakers'
extras, $6 2r>@s 35 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 IDs; Rye Flour, $2 76 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra oream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy. S3 25^8 50- Buckwheat Flour, $404 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
<J?6 20; In sacks, $5 60(06- Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Reports from the Hay districts say that the
new Hay will run very heavy to the bale this
year, owing to the shortness of the staple, the
Increase In weight being 50 per cent in many
cases. The market is weak and very quiet.
Old Hay keeps up better than new and com
pressed Is firm, being wanted for export.
No change In Feedstuffs, except a decline in
rolled Barley.
BRAN— SI 63 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 f,0@22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $25 50®28 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill", $31031 50; Job
bing, $32T7 32 su; Cocoanut Cake, $24^25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24 60;
Cracked Corn, $25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, $19<S>
22 50; Wheat and Oat, $18® 21 ; Oat, ; Bar
ley, ; Compressed Wheat. $21(324; Com
pressed Oat, $16<silS; Alfalfa, $12'8>13 60; Clover,
; Timothy, SH'fflS 50.
NEW HAY— Wheat, $17019; Oat ; Barley,
; Island Barley, $12ff14; Alfalfa, $11 50@
13 25.
STRAW— 6o(?9Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Seeds are dull and nominal. There is not
much doing In Beans, but they are firmly held
as a rule.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90®3: Small Whites. $2®
2 10; Large Whites. SI 93® 2 05; Pinks. $2 60®
2 70; Reds. $2 75©! 90; Blackeye, $3 2S^3 40;
Butters, $1 75® 1 90: LI mas, $2 90@8; Pea, $1 Bo@
2; Red Kidneys, ?2 6502 73 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25'a2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 1593 25; Flax. $2 23; Canary
Seed, 2M(g2y 4 c per 1b; Alfalfa, 31100; Rape, 2>4@
2%c; Hemp, 2%OSc; Timothy, a'go'.ic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 7a@2; Green, J2@
2 10 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, 10c per Tt>: Green
Peppers, 8@10c; Tomatoes, $1 2*.<g'l 50 per box.
Potatoes are weaker and Onions firmer.
Receipt.? will hereafter be omitted, as they
can no longer be given with accuracy.
Almost all Vegetables are lower under In
creasing arrivals. Green Tomatoes are un
salable.
POTATOES— OId Burbanks, 30@G0c per ctl:
new Potatoes, 36®50c for Early Hose, 40@65c
for Peerless and 50@73c for Burbanks, In boxes.
ONIONS— New, 55@65c per ctl for red and 75
<g9oc for yellow. ■) ■.- v-
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 75@2 for ex
tra large; 7. r jc'(isl 25 per box for No. 1. 25<575c
for small; Rhubarb, 80f?T$l per box; Green
Peas, $I^l 50 per sack: Garden Peas, 2%c per
Ib; String Beans, 3iff6c; Wax Beans. 4<?6c;
Horse Beans, 40rix50c per sack; Summer Squash,
7Bc!&$l per box; Bay Squash. $1 50®»; Dried
Peppers, 6@7c per Ib; Dried Okra, 12Hc: Cab
bage. 50(@'6Oc per ctl; Carrots. 30®50c per Back;
Maryßvllle Cucumbers, £o<i;7;c per box; Vaca
vllle Tomatoes, $1 50<?n 75 per box; Green Corn,
15<?f25c per dozen: Garlic, 4©cc per It). i»i ■' - >
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated, raw,
13c; Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60a
•
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is In fair shape for sellers, re
ceipts being moderate and the demand average.
Another car of Eastern sold at $6 for Hens,
$4 50@5 for old Roosters, and 12c for Turkeys.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lOflic for Gob
blers and H'fUc for Hens; Geese, per pair, 75c
@$1; Ooallnss, SK'fl 25; Ducks. $3^3 50 for old
and $3iiT> for y<"jng; Hens, $3 50©4 50; Roos
ters, young, $6119; Roosters, old, $3 504H 50;
Fryers, $4 oft-ft f> GO; Broilers, $3 WQ4 for large.
%I<a?. for small: Pigeons. $1 25@1 60 per dozen
for young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Butter market continues weak, though
there Is no further decline. Cheese Is also
weak. Eggs rule firm at the Improved prices.
BUTTER—
>. reamer}" — Fanoy creameries, 18<g>19o; sec
onds. 17V(?18c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 18H@17c: common
grad''H. lf.'«l6c per Tt>.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, low
16V; ladle-i>aoked, 15<?26c per lt>; Elgin. 17
(H'lSc
CHEESE— Choice mild, new, BVs^9c; old, ~Vt@
8c • Cream Cheddar. lO'tfllc; Young America,
9<ffloo; Eastern. 12@13c.
;•:<;< JS-- Ranch Kggs, 18@18c per doien; store
Eggs, 14faloc; Eastern, 12H@u>o; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The demoralization of the past ten days Is
passing away and there is a general Improve
ment particularly in Apricots, Peaches. Cher
ries and Currants. Berries range about the
S£ Citrus fruits are quiet and unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $2@6 per chest for large and
$<><?? for small.
White Cherries, 20<g~30c per box; black. 85®
50c; Royal Ajines, 35®85c; loose Cherries, 1@
lUc for' white and l@3c per lb for black, and
2©3 c for Royal Anne. Arrivals were 4592 boxes.
Currants, $2 SOfM per chest.
Blackberries, 50@90c per crate and »5@S per
° Plums, 40@50c per crate and 35@50c per box;
Cherry Plums, 20@33c per drawer and 25®50c
Apricots, 35®65c per box and 50@75c per crate
Peaches, '25®65c per box and 85@60c per
basket. ■" 1" . .
Oooseberries, l@2c per lb for common and 4c
for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $I@l 2a per crate.
Nearby Raspberries. $s@lo per chest.
Apples, 75c!?j$l 50 per box; new Apples, 40©
60c per small and 75cfg*l per large box and 25@
40c per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 75@3;
Seedlings, 75r©$l 25; Lemons, 60c@Jl for com
mon and $1 25©2 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $3 50@4; California Limes, In small
boxes, 40<§'50c; Bananas, •> $1 20@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NITS. RAISINS, ETC.
Dealers report the market stagnant at un
changed prices. There is hardly any stock left
to trade on.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lota, 4«i@
5s for 40-sO>, 4ViQ4^c for 50-60" s, 3«i@4o for
60-70's, 3%63V4c for 70-80 f s, 2%(g-3c for 80-90*8, 2%
@2V4c for 90- 100' s; Peaches, B@sc; fancy, BH@
6c; peeled, 10@12Vjc: Apricots, 5@6%c or Royals
and 7frSc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7^@Bc; sun-dried, 4Vi@;'>c; Black
Figs In sacks, 2@2%e; Plums, 4Vi@4%c for
pitted and lVi@lVjc for unpltted; bleached
Plums, s@sVic; Nectarines, 4®sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2Vs'?4Vic for quarters and 3@sV4c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown. 3c for three
crown, 3 1 /4 c for four-crown, • 4Vic for Seedless
Sultanas. 2^c for ! Seedlesß Muscatels and, sl®
1 10 for London layers: dried Grapes. 2'^.c. i
Walnut!, 3<*r4c for hardshell. 4®6c for
EOftshell; Almonds, 394 C for hardshell.' 6'Ji7c for
softshell, BV4@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 4@
f.>..c- for Eastern and 4Uc for . California: Pe
cans. 6V4<4!'Sc; Filberts, 9Vi!3loc; ; Brazil Nuts,
80c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 sor<(s per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc ' for i bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted," 5V4@
6c; lißht amber: extracted,- 4%igs'aC per lb. ■ :
BEESWAX- 24(526c per lb. »-• •
PROVISIONS.
: Bacon Is rather dull, ' but everything else :is
In good demand and firm. \ Barreled goods are
especially brisk. . .*!.-?'
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c . per lb for
heavy, sv*c" for light-: medium, 10c for light.
lie for extra light and 12j?12»2C for sugar cured:
Eastern 1 sugar-cured' Hams, 10>,£<!j)llc: . Call
fornia Hams, SVi^lOc; Men Beef. $10 BO perbbl;;
extra Hess Beer, ill; ; Family Beef, $12: Salt
fork. p; ; extra prime Pork. ■ $10; extra • clear,
?176(!1V BO; . mess. : $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12^c per
1b.., '-■ '•'■■? ■■:■ ' .;;.;." ■ --:. c ■ -- .- / -.-■-;■. .-•:■
LARD— tierces : quoted .at■ 6c per lb
for compound and SiVic : for i pure; .' palls, ■ 9%c;
California tierces, 5V4c ' per ;lb for compound
and 7Hc for pure; half barrels, 7%0; 10-lb
tins. BHc; 5-lb tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6%@7Hc; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9^c;
3-lb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
case, BVfec; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7Ho; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The Hop trade Is disturbed over an advance
of %c per lb ln the overland rail rate to the
East, claiming that It shuts off Eastern ship
ments.
Hides and Tallow continue firm and ln active
demand.
Wool still shows rather mora steadiness. A
local circular says: "Reports from the East
all generally more encouraging, and while thla
has not had its immediate effect in Increasing
the sales locally, nevertheless there Is a better
feeling and holders look forward to a good
market shortly. There is a feeling locally that
prices will be well sustained, and there is no
disposition at present to shade prices in order
to effect sales."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10%@Uc; medium, 9H@loc; light. 9®9Vio;
Cowhides. »@9%c; Stags, 6Vi,c; salted Kip, 9c,
Calf. 10c; dry Hides, levi^Hc; culls and
brands. 13»i<gl4c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf, lS@2oc; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20@40c
each; Kids, 6^loc; Deerskins, good summer,
27V4©20c; medium, SOc; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 2f>W3i>e each; short wool, 36<980c
each; medium,- 70@90c; long wool, 90c(8'$l 30
each; Horsehides, salt, $2'<j2 25 for large and
$lffl2 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehides, dry, tf
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50 c .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, ?. I ,^'g3^c per lb.
No. 2. 2V6!6 i 3c; refined, 4V&€Hf&c: Grease, 2c
WOOL— Fall cllr_ Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free Northern, 9<a>l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
?i o " hern . fre «. 12@Hc; do, defective. 10@12c;
Middle county, 13&i6c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15@17c; Nevada, 13@15c.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@l2V4c per Ib.
BAN FRANCISCO WHEAT MAKKBJT.
Hogs continue In active demand at a fur
ther advance. Beef is very steady. There is
nothing: new In the other description*.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BKEF— First quality 6%0; second quality,
6%c; third quality, 4<gsc per Ib.
}'EA£— Large, 4<g*c; small, 6@70 per It).
7V4@Bc; Ewea, 7@7Vio per
LAMB-Spring, B!fß%c per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4V£@4%e for large, B^BHc
o?r,, , urn and v <i^ c for small; stock Hogs,
2@3Vic; dressed Hogs, 6&@Bc.
GENERAL, MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July, 614®
5Hc; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 60; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 60 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
sack' Coke. 12 Per tOn in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
XV^ DAGK ~ Manila 10 % c: Sisal, 10 * c. basis.
, CANNED FRUITS— White Cherries, $1 50®
1 60; Peaches, $1 10^1 20; Pears. — ; Apri
cots, $I@l 10. . •■..,.. : . -.-
CANNED VEGETABLES— 75@85c; To
matoes, SOc.
COFFEE— We quote-
Costa Rica— for prime washed; 14@
15c for good warned; lti'dl6Vfec for good to prime
washed peaberry; 14@15c for good peaberry;
12;i@'12V4c for good to prime; ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; 10&@12c for
fair; 6@9c for common to ordinary. Salvador
— 13@15>r£c for good to prime washed; lligl^c
for fair washed; 14@15c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9V;@iOVic for superior un
washed; B%@9c for good green unwashed; 12®
12% c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Nicaragua— for good to superior un
washed; Il@l2c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Guatemala and Mexico— l7@lS%c
for prime fancy washed; 14@16c for good to
strictly good washed; MS'l3Hc for fair washed;
B%i&'loV4o for medium; i^<cf&c for inferior to
ordinary; lo&iglT^c for good to prime washed
peaberry; HVi@i2isc for good unwashed pea
berry; 9@loV4c for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH-Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, 4i,ic; imitation Eastern, s>4c; boneless
6i£e; strips, 6%@7Hc; blocks, 6'4@7c; tablets.
"He; middles, 6&@BV6c per tb; desiccated, 87Hc
r«*r dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrel!!, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 58c; • raw S6c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 66c; No. 1, 55c; cases, Go more; China
Nut, 49@5<Sc per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil
barrels. 65c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 55c;
cases, We; Sperm, crude, 60c;- natural white
80c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil. naturai
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25"?
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors. $2@2 25 per gal
lon. .
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. in bulk. HWc
per gallon; Pearl Oil. 'in cases, 17c; Astral Oil
17c; Star Oil. 17c; Extra .Star Oil, 21c; Elaine
Oil, 22c; Eocene Oil. 19c: Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk. 12c: Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, In capes. 17Hc; 63 degree Naphtha, In bulk,
llHc: 63 degree Naphtha, in cases, 16!4c- 86 de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline,
in cases. 25c. ■.: .'..■■-■
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6®7c per It).
TURPENTINE— In cases. 49c; In iron bar
rels, 44c: In wooden barrels. 46c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 50c; boiled, in cases
55c: raw. barrels, 48c; raw, cases, Me per gal
lon.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, 6s. 16 oz. 7>-4c; 14 oz, 6Uc- 12
oz, 5y t c; 10 oz, 4Hc. Parsfflne Wax Candles—
Is, 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s. white. ~%c; colored B%c.
! QUICKSILVER— For. export, $40. and' local
use, $43 per flask. , . . -
LEATHER— The circular of W. B. Sumner &
Co. says: "During the past season Leather has
been growing firmer, with advancing rates.
For several years harness was neglected until
but little stock was on hand, either manu
factured or cut up. In consequence a sudden
demand sprang up, aided materially by the
Government requisitions, and to-day harness
Leather Is ruling at the prices of several years
ago, and with liberal sales, at full values.
Sole Leather is relatively lower, but much of
the stock which was put into sole Is now go-
Ing Into harness Leather. The finished product
Is being sold in the North and West,' as the
dry season in California . has prevented any
thing but the smallest trade In the interior
towns of this State. It seems as though this
active trade will be sustained and harness
Leather rule at high figures for some time.
We quote the market: Sole Leather heavy,
2r,CT2Sc per m; do, medium. 24«f?25c ; do. light.
23«;2;c: Rough Leather, heavy, 24®2F,c: do,
light. 23@24c: Harness Leather, heavy, 30f7 360;
do, medium. 27@30c; do, light. 26@2Sc; Collar
Leather. 14(5!15c per foot:- Kips, finished. 40(Ej>
45c per TV, Veal, finished, 60<gi55c; Calf, finished,
75c^$l; Sides, finished. . 16®17c per foot; Belt
Knife Splits, 14@16c per tt>; Rough Splits, 8@
10c."
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered. 6^c: Dry
Granulated. 5%c: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Mag
nolia A, r.M;c: Extra C, 5%c; Golden C. 5%c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
tb; half -barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes x &c more. .
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— each for No. 1 and 6@Bc for
No. 2: Redwood., ss per cord; Oak, rough, $•', 60;
peeled, $9: Pine. $5 75. :
LUMBER— prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $17@18 60: extra sizes, higher.
Redwood— slßo2o for No. 1 and $16(S?1S for No. 2;
Lath. 4 feet, $2 40<??2 60; Pickets, $17: Shingles,
$1 76 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
$21@20. - ■
RECEIPTS Oy PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, June 14. ..
Flour, qr sks ... 13,240 Lime, bbls 201
Wheat, ctls. ..... 310 Hay, tons 483
Barley, ctls 4.40 Wool, bales .. 317
Cheese, ctls ..... 83 1 Pelts, bdls 104
Butter, ctls .t... 355; Hides, no 624
Middlings, sks .. 90 Eggs, doz 17,170
Potatoes, ska ... 1,716 Quicksilver, flsk. 92
Onions, sks 749 Leather, rolls ... 134
Bran, sks ... 2 Raisins, hx A.... 140
Beans, sks ' 200; Wine, gals 52.100
Powder, cs ...... 20 1 Lumber, ft ......37,000'
OREGON.
Bran, sks ........ 1.240 [ Hay, tons 10
Potatoes, sks ... .'OS Flour, qr sks ... 800
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ........ 1,2001 ......
UTAH.
Hay, tons 10!.....
IDAHO.
Hay, tons ........ 10|......
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a better feeling In mining stocks
on the afternoon jcall and prices advanced
slightly, as wilj be seen.
Local securities were only moderately active
and prices showed no material chang-e.
The Oakland Gas Company has declared a
dividend of 25c per share, payable now.
The Pacinc Sunset Telephone and Telegraph
companies are now paying their dividends.
The Xatnma Vineyard Company paid a divi
dend of 5c per share on the 10th.
The Northern Light Mining Company of Utah
has levied an assessment of 10c per share, de
linquent July 11.
The Bullion-Beck Mining Company of Tlntlc
District. I'tfih, has declarer! a dividend of 10c
per share, payable June 15. The amount of the
dividend Is $10,000. and it will increase the to
tal paid to date to $2,147,000.
The Hntchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a monthly dividend of 50c per
share, payable June 20.
The West Vancouver Commercial Company
has levied an assessment of 10c per share, de
linquent July 13.
The Mercur Mining Company of Utah has
reduced the rate of Its monthly dividend from
18c per share, amounting to $36,000, to 12<^c per
share, p.mountlng tn $25,000.
Tn the Chollar mine since last report they
have placed one set of timbers in the main in
cline above the 1200 station and have made re
pairs where most required. They are making
good progress with the repairs to the main
north drift on the 100 foot level. The upraise
from the west crosscut CO feet north from the
south line on the tunnel level has been ad
vanced 7 feet during the week, and is now up
85 feet. The east sloe shows old fUUngs and the
west side quartz assaying from $8 to $10 per
ton. On the Brunswick lode, on the SOO foot
level of incline No. 1, the joint south drift with
the Potosi has been advanced during the week
23 feet, and is now out from the station
33 feet: the face is in porphyry. There were
shipped to the Nevada mill 22 tons and 1500
pounds of ore, which had accumulated in the
dump since last run. The average car sample
of this ore was $48 13 in gold and 25.0J ounces
A silver per ton.
In the Potosi mine during the past week
they commenced work on the croppings 40 feet
below the surface to open out a streak of ore
4 to 6 feet wide, assaying from $15 to $20 per
ton. The west crosscut on the Potosi south
line, tunnel level, has been advanced during the
week 25 feet, and is now out 131 feet; the face
Is in porphyry and low grade quartz. On the
Brunswick lode on the 600 foot level of Incline
No. 1 the main south drift has been advanced
since last report 29 feet, making Its total
length from the north line 448 feet: the face la
In porphyry and low grade quartz. On the
800 foot level the Joint south drift with the
Chollar Is out 33 feet: the face is In porphyry.
The Pacific Transfer Company has declared
a dividend of 60c for the quarter, payable now.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, June 14—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Is quar coup.. lo9^lll Vi Pao Gas Imp.. 86% 87V4
4s quar reg...108 108V 4 Pac L Co — 61
is quar new.. .121%122y 4 S F G & E... 87*4 87%
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab D 5.114% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Zed El fis 125 — Insurance—
2 C Wat E5.,.101 — Flrf-m's Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — 98*4 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65..12S — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F&CI Ry 65.113* i — Bank of Ca1..243 245*4
3eary-si R us. — 98 Cr.l SD & T.. 97*4 —
HC & S 5*£5. .100 105 First Nat ....202*4210
L A L Co 6s. — 100 Lon P & A... — 130
Do gntd 68.. — 103 Mer Exchange 10 16
Market-st 65.. 126 — Nev Nat 8.... 152*4160
Do Ist M 55.. 113*4114 Savings Banks-
Vat Vln 8s Ist — 97*4 Ger S & L..1560 —
V C Nli Ry75.103 — | Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65.. 10714 — I Mutual Say. — 42*4
N Ry Cal 5b.. 100% — |B F Say U.. — 800
NPC R R 65.101*4 — S& L 50.... — 100
Dak Gas 6s 100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d is 55.. 109 111 Union T Co. 1000 —
Om Ry 6s 124*4 — Street Railroad—
P & O 6s 108*4 — California ....107 108
P&CI Ry 68.10914112 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65... 118*4120 Market-st ....63*4 54
Reno "VL&L..IOO — Presidio — B*4
Sac ElecßySs.lOO — Powder—
5 F & N P 65. 107*4109 California ....125 160
BlerraACal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 86 —
SPof Ar 65.. 105 106 Giant Con Co. 46 46%
3 r Cal 65.... — 113 Vlgorit — 3*4
SPC Is eg Es.. fl4 — Miscellaneous—
S P Br 6s 112 113 Al Pac Assn.. 93 94
S V Wat 65... 116^117 Gen Ld Wks..llo —
S V Wat 45.... 101^102 Hana P C 0.... — IS
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 HC & S Co.. 23? i 23 T *
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 50 50%
Contra Costa.. 56 68 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — N r at Yin C 0... — 7
Bpring Valley. 99% 99% Oceanic S Co. 69% 60
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L.... I*4 2%
>nt Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0... .101 —
Mutual El Co. — 11% Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 4<! SO
Morning Session.
25 Spring Valley Water 99 25
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 25
25 do do b 3 23 25
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 00
E0 S F Gaslight 3 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 87 25
Street—
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 25
60 Alaska Packers' Association 93 50
Afternoon Session
60 Spring Valley Water 99 25
v Market-street Railway 53 75
65 Oceanic Steamship Co 59 50
7u Hutchinson S P Co 50 00
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 25
125 do do 23 37>£
70 do do 23 50
25 do do 23 62tt
30 do do 23 75
125 do do 23 87ft
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Hutchlnson S P Co 60 00
$2000 Market-street Ry Co 6s 114 00
Street—
50 Giant Powder 48 00
$4000 Spring Valley Water 4s 10175
Afternoon Session
25 Market-street Railway Co 53 75
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 10175
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 17 ! 1000 Overman 06
350 Con Cal & Va.. 36 200 Potosi 12
[ 100 Gould & Curry.. 11 100 Savage 05
200 Hale & Norcrs. 78 2f»o Sierra Nevada.. 60
200 Mexican 11 250 59
100 Ophlr 24 40fl Union Con 17
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher. 22! 500 Overman 06
500 Bullion 03 700 Potosi . . 16
! 100 Caledonia 19 50 IT
300 Chollar 10: 50" Savage 08
600 ll ! 100 07
25n Con Cal & Va.. i 9.100. 100 Sierra -.evada.. 61
400 Gould & Curry.. 15 j400j 400 62
100 16 300 Union Con 20
100 Hale & Norcrs. T8 200 21
100 Mexican 13 200 Utah 05
200 14
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes 06 ; $00 Gould & Curry... 11
700 Belcher 06 200 * 12
300 Best & Belcher. 16 ! 700 Justice "".'..." 05
200 17|2100 Mexican 11
500 IS 700 12
200 Challenge Con .. 17 500 Ophlr ... '4
1500 Chollar 09 ! >0u Savage 07
; 300 Con Cal & Va... 3G 500 Sierra Nevada... 59 '
600 ....... 35 400 58
200 37:300 60!
600 3S ( iOO Union Con 18
200 Crown Point .... OS 300 17
Afternoon Session
156 Best & Belcher.. IS !300 Potosi 15
150 21 500 Savage 07
500 Bullion 03 500 08
300 Con Cal & Va... 39 300 Sierra Nevada... 63
300 Gould 4 Curry... 14 800 62
400 Mexican 13 200 Union Con 20
600 Ophir 28J500Utah 05
1600 Overman 06 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 14—1 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice — 06
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 05 06
Andes 07 08 Lady Wash ... — 02 |
Belcher 06 OS Mexican 12 13
Benton Con ... \H — KG & C 30 —
Best & Belcher 20 21 ' Occidental 69 70
Bullion 02 03!Ophir 27 29
Caledonia IS 2^ Overman 05 07
Chollar 10 11 Potosi 16 17
Challenge Con. 16 IP Savage 07 OS
Con Cal & Va. 3S 40 Be* Belcher ... 05 07
Con Imperial .. — 01 .Scorpion — 02
Confidence 85 — Sierra Nevada. 60 62
Crown Point ..OS 10 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York, 01 — Syndicate 03
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 1501 55
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 19 20
Gould & Curry. 13 14 Utah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. 77 79 Yellow Jacket. 19 21
Julia — 02
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
COUPANT.
Day of
Salo.
) & Norcross.
ow Jacltet....
lean
Belcher
rman
ilenpe
ovid A Curry
tuck
11?
88
M
21
80
25
20
15
M
So
M
£8
Hay 15 j
Hay lit
Hay 19
Hay 26
rune 3
lime 5
rune 11
nly 6
fuly 7
<uly 8
..June 30
..June 17
..June 8
..June 13
. . June 13
..June 21
June*)
.June 30
..July i
..July 27
• Augr 4
10
20
15
05
06
10
10
05
15
10
L (tou
m.......
fgro
ilor
her
..Aug 2
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL,
E Abadle&w. Mexico Alice Eger. Hamburg
It.Canfleld. S Barbara C Eieemann w 2 c
J E Bourke. Chicago * m. Hamburg
M M Well, Chicago N Hamilton &w. Cal
F B Hopewell, Boston D Austin & w R I
? C Jenkins. Balto C Hopklns&w.'. Boston
J H Oberfelder. NY F Layng &w. Phil a
T B Bootes. USA Miss Lay Phi la
A Strandea. Germany Mis Cowan. ' Phila
Rev G. Metier.. & a, J L Well*. NY
Ontario \V oiler. N V
J C Duselane & w, NY M S Baker. S Jose
A F Jones. Oroville W N Ward N V
T Williams. S Rafael A L Robinson. USA-
M Solomon. L Ang J Medros & w Oakld
S Storm. L Ang G J Strong, S Jose
1,7 E r> ,, Br " oklvn W Humiston! Stockton
Miss A bell. Brooklyn C Grabill. Stanford
i NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A H Smith, Sacto |J S Burch Stofktn
Miss L Mertz. S Rosa Miss F Kenny BtoStn
G Brown. Casadlro |J McCormick. Phila
J Kelßey, Ukiah H McGu lre. Boston
N Hansen, Fresno Miss II Berg Storkn
A burg ChantZ> MlUerß - ? <? C^ncenT' L Ang 11
J^&ert. Nevada j SsT^Wer^re^:
Mrs Conlejv Nevada A Telepan. Trurkee
? Pvle'^- nL'^t X Cavanakh. Fresno
A-^lSefMffiS. G E^- &-. Mount
F MMarket.t t. Chicago H Swenk. Beatrice
E Spelth Riverside Mrs Spier & fm. Cal
J . E Lln < 1sa >\ , s J °se F Shuck & w N V
\V Gunning. Merced T J Marsh CMcann
A $£& %™lt}™ d Miss ■. L* WeVu? mSSco
ttSL%S^ I J A Harney - OreKOn
GRAND HOTEL.
5 «« < f r< ?, 1 S^" Vle *° E J I-ow, Boston -
H Mitchell. Baltimore PS Jones, Salt Lake §
Si Starr, Grass Valley A Ross, Sonoma
M 'f.Vr F , lorl i on> Cal ? G W Maps, Reno
S « a^ ley &s - C&1 p Anderson. Cal
E M Selby, Sta Barb: J Bacon. Colma
L 'Woodwell, Pittsburg P M Brown, N V
%BS £: £S Dun '- Cal ■;: Miss M K.Glbbln, Neb
Miss G M Duhl. Cal / |J N Cook. Cal :
Miss E Caldwell. Cal :jA - H M>jre, Hollister
Miss C Frazler, Ohio Mrs G A Meade, Tlptn
? Muenhart, Cal -,» A Conley. Tlpton
J McLing. Murphys is f Moore, Gilroy
A H Hart, New York IE J Brlscoe, Cal : : <
J F Cargie, Mlsourl W R Newlon, Cal
A Radke, Sydney C P Vicinl. Sutter Crk
X Harkness, Chico ■ C Chapman, Stanford
J E Keeler, Cal ' IE G Lewis. , Stanford
A J Thompson, ■ MaconlH : E Adams, Stockton :
A M Nuckolls, Uklah , B F Martin, Cal
E BvLadner, Ladner O- D Howard, Los ''Anir
Miss A Ladnar, L&dner J S Fulia, Los Aos
■•— ■ ;_-_-. !:_:. - v .-r— ■ '■ '--.-.■■ . '*■'--■
BALDWIN HOTEL.
D J Lyons, L Ang |H Waldis. N T
E E Crowell. Dawson \V Lloyd & s, S Joe»
C D Coad, Oregon W McWUllams. S Joa«
J McCormack, Salem H Rosenberg, Suisun,
J C V James, NY J S Matthews, Salinaa
D D Grant. NY J S Jones. Oregon
M Goldsmith & w. N V W McMullen, Boston
F P Clarke. Stockton H Livingston, Cinn
T M Hill, S Barbara H S Middleton. Cal
W Haynes&w, L Banos H M Gray, S Jos«
H Turrell, Boston J Peters. Sacto
F Wadsworthftw. Cal F Charles, N V
J T Hause, Boston F Hewlett&w, Chlcaro
Mrs Lewis Jr, Cal H D Miller, lowa
J McCudden, Vallejo IA Mauck. St Laks
Miss McCudden, VallJo'H Faust Jr, St Lak*
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.-
Time? and Heights of High and L,w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to s ria
Francisco Bay. Publishpd by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE—The high and low waters occur at
the city fnpnt (Mission-street wharf)
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point*
the height of tide is the same at both placeg. '
• JUNE— IB9B.
Wednesday, June 15.
Sun rises
Sun sets °7-' l
Moon rises lroV'a." m.
jFeet.
Feet. I
2.9 8:45: 5 S
I 3:02 3.1 S : 2o ' 5 S
i 3:42 3.2 9:54 5 7
4:23 3.4 1
5:03 3.4 11:08 5 5
5:47 3.4 ll:3Si 6 3
I 6:34| 3.3 j
a
Xi
JL W
i 3:
I 3:
' 4::
I 5:
• s:'
l! 6:
l| 6:!
I O.S
0.3
-0.1
— 0.4J
—0.6
-O.T
— 0.6|
10:06
ll:0ll
11:50!
I 12:33!
1:451
I.IT
N
4.1
' 4.3
4.3
4.4
4.4
i 4.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tlde3
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and tho successive tides of tli«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld*
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
given are additions to the soundings on thi
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted froni
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference 1h the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
iiirma
tate California
[acklnaw !
.rcata !
rescent City..
[omer
'matllla
cotla
>rlzaba |
i'ashtenaw.. ..I
iristol I
►regon ;
anta Rosa
an Juan
Newport
■arth Fork
oos Bay
hilkat
INanalmo June 13
[Portland June 15
iTacoma . June 15
Coos Bay June IS
Crescent City June 18
Newport Junels
Victoria & Puget Sour. '.
Humboldt June It
Humboldt t June 17
Tacoma Ju r.e 17
jComox June 17
■Portland June 13
San Diego I June 13
j Panama jJune 1?
Panama ijune 19
Humboldt 'JunelS
Newport i June 20
Eel River June M
Victoria & Puget Sound June 21
Portland June 21
["Victoria & Puget Sound;June2l
! San Diego June 23
; Oregon Porta June 23
lueen |
olumbla j
ity of Puebla.j
omona I
'ulton I
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
mor.
lton Oregon Ports. | June IE, 10 am Pier 8
ilia WUajVic & Pgt Sd.jjune 15. 10 am Pier 9
>ana iSydney June 15, 10 pm Pier 7
mona iSan Diego -June 16. 11 am Pier 11
llkat ! Humboldt ....;June 16. 9 anvPier 13
imboldt ..Alaska (June 16. 4 pmPier 3
Ue of Cal! Portland ,June IT, 10 am' Pier 13
cata ICoos Bay {June 17, 10 am Pier 13
,mer Newport .June IS, 9 am Pier 11
racao Mexico June 18, 10 am Pier 11
Iglc China&Japan June 18, 1 pm.PMSS
lzaba .... Humboldt j June 19. 10 am Pier 9
egon Portland June 20.10 amPler 12
natllla .. Jvic & Pgt Sd. (June 20, 10 am' Pier 9
nta RosafSan Diego lJune 20, 11 am Pier 11
n Juan... I Panama June 20,12 m PMSS
ob Bay... Newport June 22, 9 a::.
.rth Fork. Humboldt June 23. 9 am Pier 2
lumbla . ■ [Portland ; June 23, 10 am Pier U
1
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In Pan Francisco for the benefit o{
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts' and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hagd
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dang-ers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building- on Tele
graph Kill 1b hoisted about ten minutes befor»
noon and is dropped at noon, lZOth meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
IS A "notice' stating whether the timeball waa
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. is
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day.
C P WELCH. Ensign, U. S. N . in charg*
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, June
The time ball was not dropped on Telegraph
Hill June 14, on account of machinery being
out of order. C. P. WELCH.
Ensign (Retired) U. P. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. June 14.
Stmr San Juan, Brown, 14^ days from
Panama.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson, 64 hours from Redonda
and way ports.
Ptmr Pomona, Debney, *o^4 hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Br ship Euphrates, Daviea, 68 days from
Newcastle, NSW.
Br bark Francis Fisher, Nlcholla, 68 dajn
from Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Wawona, Isaacson, 80 days from San
Marcos Island.
Schr Salvator, Jensen, 48 hours from Mom
Landing.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. June 14.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmund, Nanalmo; R
Dunsmuir's Sons & Co.
Whal stmr Thrasher, Snow, whaling; Paclflo
Steam Whaling Co.
Stmr Taku, Quinton, St Michael; G W
Kneass.
Stmr Walla Walla Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. June 14.
Stmr Columbia. Goodall, Astoria.
Stmr Ooos Bay, Hall. San Pedro. °.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond. Nanalmo.
Stmr Signal. Rendegard, Willapa Harbor.
Stmr Cleone, HigKiris. Albion.
Stmr Gipsy, Shea, Santa Cruz.
Ship Occidental. Weaver. Seattle.
Schr Repeat, Olsen, Puget Sound.
Schr La Chllena, Madsen, Fort Ross. • ;..-
Schr Lettltia, Wilson, Coos Hay.
Schr Sacramento, Forest, Frankport.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen, Nebaleia
River.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. Bowena Landing.
Schr Rio Rey.. Johnson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June 14—10 p. m.— "Weather,
thick; wind, W; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Nlngehow loads coal at Departure Bay
for this p.ort; Occidental:, coal at Seattle for th!«
port; Repeat, mdse on the Sound for Honolulu.
SPOKEN..
May 24— Lat 3 N. long 30 W, G«r ship Emilia
from Oregon, for Queenstown.
June 5-Lat SS N. long U W Br ship Falk
landbank, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
June 2— Lat 38 N. long 15 W, Br ship Falls ot
Halladale, from Hull, for San Francisco^
May 29-Lat 4 N, long 29 W, Br ship Poltal
loch, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT— Arrived June 13— Schr Melano
thon, hence June 3. _ • _ =
SEATTl^E— Arrived June 13— Stmr Grace Dol
lar, hence June 9. . .. .
Kl'REKA— Arrived June 14— Stmr Orizaba,
hence June 13. _ _,
REDONDO- Sailed June 14— Schr Glen, for
~^UREKA— Sailed June 14— Schr . LUebonne,
TACfiMA— Sailed June 14— Brig Tanner, for
NEWPORT— SaiIed June 14 — Stmr Hueneme,
FORT BRAGG — Sailed June 14 — Stmr Sequoia
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived June 14— Stmr North Fork
hence June 13.
TATOOSH— Passed June 14— Stmr Washtenaw
from Taooma. for San Francisco.
Passed in— Nor stmr Titanla, hence June 11,
for Nanaimo.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 13— Stmr Oregon, ho
U PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 14— Schr Okan
ogan, for t'nga Island.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 12— Bark Germanla.
for San Franftsc.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QT.'EENSTOWN-Passed June 14— Br shlo
Glenlul. from Tacoma.
Dl'NKlßK— Arrived June 14— Rus ship Hop
pet, from Oregon. *
SYDNEY— Arrived June 14— Stmr Mariposa,
hence May 19.
MARSEILLES - Arrived May 31 - Ital bark
Emilia Clampa, hence Dec 1.
QUEENST(.rvVX— Arrived June IS— Br ship
Pengwern, hence Feb 3 V
VLADIVOSTOOK-Arrlved June 6-Bktn Ad
denda, hence April J3.
HONGKONG— Arrived June 13-Br stmr Com
monwealth, from Oregon.
BORDEAUX— Sailed May 30— Br ship Drum
cralg. for Swansea.
COLON— Sailed June 11-Stmr Alllanca, for
New ork.
CHEMAINUS— Sailed June 13-Bktn Katio
FUckln^er, for Sydney.
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 12— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
COMOX-Salled June 19-Brl* Courtney Fttr«A GLANCE AT
REAL ESTATE
Progress of the Market
During the Week.
MANY SALES NEGOTIATED
HARKED IMPROVEMENT RE
CORDED IN BUILDING.
A General Review of the Records,
Building Contracts, Recent
Sales and Realty
Notes.
The real estate market for the past
week, although not characterized by
Jarge and unusual sales and tra-isfers
was. nevertheless, marked by a steady
and active progression. The "number of.
building contracts was largely in advance
or the previous records of the entire
month, hoth for the country and the
city, but more especially for the latter.
Bales, although small were numerous, and
hardly a realty firm of the entire city
passed through the week without record
ing at least a dozen. The value of these
transfers ranged from £00 to $15,000, and
were made in nearly every section of the
city.
The number of mortgages and trust
deeds was also in a perceptible minority,
the only one of mure than passing promi
nence being for $78,000, from Charles
Mayne, in the interests of Ellen M.
Mowry.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During- the week there were sixty-three mort
gages and trust deeds recorded, amounting to
1229,677. For the same period thirty-two re
leases and reconveyances passed to record in
the total sum of $73,185.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds
were as follows:
• By tho Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
to A. C. Malm. $5500 for one year at 6 l 2 per
cent on property in the 100-vara block 347.
situated on the southeast line of Natoma. 225
ieet northeast of Second, northeast 80, south
east M, southwest 60, northwest 15, southwest
-0 and northwest 65; by the Humboldt Sav
ings and Loan Society to Emma and Louis
tennetiler, KJOO On property in Mission block
109, situated on the north line of Twenty
second, 110 feet easterly from Noe, east 2a by
porth 114; Charles Mayne to Ellen M. Mown',
ITs, OOO for two years at 6 per cent on property
In Western Addition block 222. 50 vara block
,132, Western Addition block 255, Mission block
1..2. and 50 vara block 45, situated respectively
on the northwest comer of Lacuna and Hayes,
north 120 by west 81:3; southwest corner of
Grove and Laguna, west 81:1 by south 120
southerly line of Grove, 181:4 west of Laguna
west 100 by south 120; easterly line of Powell,
77:6 feet north of Broadway, north 60 by east
60; southwest corner of Grove and Buchanan
couth 120 by west 118:6; easterly line of Folsom,
155 feet south of Twenty-third, south 31 by east
122:6, and the easterly line of Montgomery. 68:9
feet north of Green, north fll:S by east 91:9;
by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
Emile Bauer, $7500 for one year at €Vi per
cent on property In Western Addition block
15S. situated on the north -line of Geary. 94 6
feet east of Steiner, east 94:6 by north 150- by
the La Soclete Francaise to P. C. Rossi. $3000
for two years at 6>4 per cent on property in
Western Addition block 191, situated on the
northerly line of Vallejo, 150 feet east of La
puna, east 50 by north 137:6; by Edward Me-
Laughlin to Louisa M. Gross, $5000 for one
rear at 6 per cent in Western Addition block
1. and 50 vara block 305, situated respectively
on the southerly line of O'Farrell. 137:6 feet
east of Franklin, east 68:9 by south 120, and the
westerly line of Hyde, 57:6 feet north of Cali
fornia, north 50 by west 112:6; by the Hibernia
Savings and Loan Society to George D. Toy,
$22,000 for one year at 8% per cent on propen./
In 50 vara block 163, situated on the northerly
line of O'Farrell, 94:6 feet west of Powell.
west 22 by north (8:9, west 21 by north 65:9,
east 137.6 by south 65:9, west 94:6,. by north
Gi;t: by the .Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
to Herman Rng-:n.. $12,000 for one year at 64
l'er tent on properly in the 50 vara. block 109,
situated on the easterly line of Stockton, 65:9
feet south of Vallejo. south 68:9 by east 137:8
by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to
Charles I. Havens, $60*1 for 1 year at 6V4 per
cent on property in Mission block 172. situ
•ted on the easterly line of Howard, 73:6 feet
north of Twenty-fifth, north 49 by east 122:6.
The principal releases and reconveyances
were recorded as follows:
From E. A. Heydenfeldt to George L. Payne,
$10,000 on property In 50 vara block 109, situ
ated on the easterly line of Stockton. 68:9 feet
couth of Vallejo. south 68:9 by east 137:6; from
the German Savings and Loan Society to Ja
cob Kohler, $90C0 on property In 50 vara block
240. situated on the northerly line of Vallejo.
150 feet east of Leavenworth. east 25 by north
137:6; from the Hlbernla Savings and Lean
Society to Martin H. Mohrdick, $5500 on prop
erty In Western Addition block 379. situated
on the southerly line of Hayes, 60 feet west of
Steiner, west 50 by south £2:6; from the Hiber
nia Savings and Loan Society to Charles W
Wflch, $3000 on property In Western Addition
block 362, situated on the northerly line of
Turk. 197:6 feet west of Fillmore. north 100 by
west 55.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Octavla street, commencing at a point 58:S»i
feet on the southerly line of Sacramento, thence
south 45 by east 187:6— All work, except mill
work, for a three-story brick building; owner,
Adolph Mack; architects, Newsom & Meyer;
contractors, Mallory & Swenson; cost $12 500
Northwest line of Market street, 152:1% feet
northeast of Golden Gate avenue— Excavations,
brick and iron work for brick wall; owner,
James D. I'helan; architects, Curlett & Me-
Caw; contractor, Z. O. Field; cost, $1500.
Northeast corner of Mission and Second
streets, 112 feet by 160— Heating and ventilat
ing for a six-story brick building; owners,
■Wells. Fargo &Co architects, Percy & Ham
ilton; contractor, George H. Tay; cost, $5560.
Southerly line of North Point street, 87 feet
■west of Hyde, west 27 by south 137:6—
work fo^ a one-story frame building; owner,
Dorslllna C. Cuneo; architect and contractor,
Henry J. Weiss; cost, $1400.
Northwest corner of Powell and Eddy streets
—Decorating, .painting. etc., In basement;
owner, William Bogen; architects. Havens &
Toepke; contractors, Busch & Wocker; coat,
12500.
Northwest corner of Jackson and Oetavla
streets, north, 127:8% by west 98— Carpenter,
mill work, roofing, galvanized iron, plastering,
steel and Iron work, etc.. for a three-story
frame residence; owner, Ernestine Roos; archi
tect, J. E. Krafft; contractor, C. Chlsholnv
cost. $30, 884.
Westerly line of Devjsadero street, 70:2 feet
north of Hayes, north 45 by west 84— All work
for a two-story frame building, four flats;
owner, William Mocker; architect, R. Zimmer
man: contractor, E. Krecker; cost. $6700.
Easterly line of Mission street, 110 feet north
of Twenty-first, north 25 by east. — All work
for a two-story brick building and additions to
adjoining building; owner. John Sheeny; con
tractor, I. W. Coburn; cost, $1850.
Northwest corner of Filbert a.nfl Taylor
streets, west 30 by north 60— All work except
sidewalks and removing of old structure, for
a three-story frame building, stores and flats;
owner, Ernest Buchel: architect. W." O. Banks;
contractor, H. Behrens; cost, $4930.
Northwest corner of Morton and Kearny
Btreets — work, etc.. In store; owner,
M. A. Qunst; architects. Herman & Swain;
contractors, Petterson & Persgon; cost, $5620.
Northerly line of Golden Gate avenue, 187:6
feet west of Lyon street, west 23 by north I
137:6— A1l work, except plumbing and painting, I
for an ' additional story to frame building; 1
owner, James Clyde: architect. R. H. White; 1
contractor, D. H. Matheson; cost, $1947.
Easterly line of Taylor street, 90 feet south |
of Broadway, south 47:6 by east 125— A1l work, '
except plumbing, gas fitting, mantels, tiling,
gas fixture*, etc.. to a two-story frame build
ing (four flats); owner, William J. Gray; ar
chitects, Martins & Coffey; contractor. C.
Echutt; cost. $E4SO.
OUT OP TOWN.
Oakland— Southerly line of Seventh street, 75
east of Alice- east 25 by south 75— work for
a frame building; owner. August Lundln; ar
chitects, Helden & Cook; contractor, .W. A.
Forbes; cost, $1230.
Healdsburg— Contract for a school building 1 In
the Dry Creek District was let to C. Holmes of
Healdsburg.
Pasadf-na— of Architect C. W. Buchan
an for an addition to the Wilson School build
ing have been adopted.
. Riverside— Plans are being prepared for a
brick building, £2x150, to M erected on Main
street; G. W. Dickson Is the owner. .
• Grass Valley (Sonoma County)— J. 8. • Ames I
secured the contract to erect a Congregational j
church.
■ Los Angeles— Architect Charles L. Strange
Is preparing plans for an addition to the hotel •
Ban*. City of Mexico. It will cost $132,000 of
Mexican money.
* RECENT SALES.
G. H. Umbsen & Co: report the following list
of recent sales: . .. / . r
John F. »md Frances K. Bernard to Helen
Iteming, Improvements, 11 to 17V4 Oak. Grove
avenue, lot 75x1124.
Callaghan Estate Company to Ida V. Peter
son, lot 25x122V*. cast line of Capp street, 100
feet south of Nineteenth. •■ ' •
Alliance .lulldlng and Loan : Association to
Caroline D. E. Ihnen. improvements, 128 Fourth
avenue, and lot 2/xl-0 feot, Richmond. •
Mary A. Rogers estate to John M. Manning,
lot southwest corner of Filbert and Pierce
streets, wert 137 Vi, south 112 Mi, east 23, . north
M, east; 112 U. north 62%. -.-.. \ 
Bridget O'Day estate to Catherine Maxrißßey,
Improvements, 228 Clara street, and lot 20HxS0.
Helen Roach to William Cross, improvements,
3<-39 Oak Grove avenue, and lot 25x112.
Eaton estate to A. M. Shields, Improvements,
2430 Jackson street, and lot 37^x127:8}4.
Christopher A. Buckley to Ernest TVelgele.
Improvements, 2523 Bryant street, and lot 26x
tilenxi Hughes to Louis Friedlander, lot south
line of Page street, S7V4 feet west of Loguaa,
west 26, south 1374. east 12>£. north 60, east
12M:. north 8714 to beginning.
George L. Carroll to Adrian Merle, Improve
ments and lot on southeast line of Mission.
75 southwest of First street, southwest 96:3x80.
Calvin E. Knickerbocker to William Schehr.
Improvements, *wi-8-10 Clayton street, and lot
25x106:3.
Margaret Toomey estate. 1121 Treat avenue.
improvements and lot 25x1l2 I ,£.
Mrs. E. L.* O'Neill to M. J. Mahoney, im
provements and lot 51x100 feet, southeast cor
ner of Seventeenth and Dearborn streets.
Catherine Sloane estate to Albert Katz. Im
provements and lot 27x114 feet, north line of
Alvaradq street, 65 feet west of San Jose aye-
Sarah N. Morris to Charles S. Wheeler, flats,
1412-14-16 O'Farrell street, and lot 27^x94%.
Security Loan Association to Robert Cole,
improvements. 3516 Army street and lot 25x114.
Mrs. Wolf to Susanna Knlpper, improve
ments. 1309-11 Leavenworth street, west line,
65 feet north of Clay. 27^x82'* with an L 2ox
S2'4 feet to Clay street.
Recent sales by Baldwin & Howell are as
fi—ows: Southwest corner of Bush and Ma
son, 42:6@52:5, to Mrs. David Cobb, for $15,000;
lot. 27:Cx120, and a two-story residence on
south side of Post, 137:6 west of Polk, for
$7200; lot and improvements on southwest cor
ner of Mason street and Ewer place, 20x85:10,
with an L 25x25, for $5250.
McAfee Bros, report the sale of 2332 acres or
"the Bradford Tract, near Brentwood. Contra
Costa County, for $25,000. It is swamp land
and will be reclaimed at great expense by the
puchaser, ex-United States Marshal Franks.
The same firm gives out the sale of 3534 acres
on Sherman Island for $22,000. it being over
flow land. The jjuchaser was J. M. Upham.
The property situated on the Surthwert cor
ner of Polk and -,ddv streets was recently
bonded by Mr. Buck from Ryland E. Wallace
lor the approximated price of $34,000. The
lot extends 120 feet en Polk street and 2o
feet on Eddy street.
The firm of A. M. Speck & Co. reports the
sale of a lot on the westerly line of Leaven
worth street, 68:9 feet north or O<Farrell.O < Farrell. for
$10,000. The seller was C. W. Corthy and the
buyer Dr. C. S. Mann.
The property on the northeast corner of
Jackson and Siinsome streets was recently pur
chased by Henry P. Sonntar of the firm of
Bovee, Toy & 5< nntag. from .1. E. Qroaon for
a net nrice of $16,000. The lot extends 60 feet
on Sansome strict arM 30 feet on Jackson.
erected upon which is a three-story and base
ment brick building.
RANI 'CM XOTES.
The finish woodwork on the Douglass build
ing-, corner of Third and Spring streets. L-<;
Angeles, will cost ever $40.i00. Campbell *
Pettus of thiß city have the contract.
Bids for the constructive steel work, roof
framing, etc., in the erection of the new Post
office building on Seventh and Mission streets
will be received until the 22d of June.
The contract for the erection of the four-
Btory and basement brici- building on the
rly line of Fremont street, Immediately
north of Howard, has been awarded to J. W.
Wisslnger for $17,750. The brick work has been
sublet to J. A. Wilson for *5250.
The aggregate cost of the three-story build
ing now in process of construction on the
northerly line of Ellis street, directly west of
Franklin, for Rose and Julia Laxarus will be
}6:.oo.
Everything Is now in readiness for the con
st ruction of the slx-stnry brick building on the
oorner of Third and Stevensoi. streets, and a
number of contracts have been awarded. The
owners of the property are F. and A. Baruch
and L. Meyer
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Annie H. Terrill (executrix estate Fabian
Joost, by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff) to Annie H.
Terrill. lot on SW corner Valencia an<i Her
mann streets, S 75, W yO. S 25, W 75, N 100, E
W6; 128.H52.
Alfred C. Hurrell to Hugh W. Burke, lot on
S line of Hill street, 175:7 W of Church, W 25
by S 114; $10.
James Coddlngton to Frank R. Prince, undi
vided hi of lot on N\V corner of Seventeenth
and Church streets. N SO by W 4t:3; $10.
Daniel and Ellen Einstein to Fred A. Mc-
Nn'.ly, lot on N line of Twentieth street, 75 W
of Eureka, W 25 by N 75; $10.
Marie and O. M. Katz. Louisa Jahannessen
(wife of R.). Theresa Foster (wife of Charles
M.) and Alfred Schwartz to Nathan Delban^o,
tot on N line of Post street, 110 E ol Mason,
E 27:6 by N 137:6: $10.
H«nry and Alice Kahn to Joseph Branden
1 stein, lot on SE corner of California and Lar
kln streets, S 70 by E 87:6; $10.
Henry W. Galiett to Henry E. Bothln, lot on
NE line of Spear street. 133:4 X\V of Folsom,
XW 45:10 by NE 137:6: $11.
Same to .Tudson Manufacturing Company (a
ration), lot on NAY line of Howard street,
;'.•■. 1 SW of First, SW 41:8 by NW B5; HO.
i Christopher A. and Catherine Mulvey to Niels
C. Mnrtensen, lot on S line of Folsom street.
77:6 E of Fourth. S SO by E 20; $3500.
Joseph and Jane Brandensteln to Henry
Kahn, lot on SW line of Fourth street, 171:10-4
Nff of Howard. NW 34:44 by SW 90: $10.
John and Margaret O'Kane to Simon Kalka,
lot on NE line 01 Sixth street, SO SE of How
ard. SE 25 by NE 75; $10.
Susan A. Tubbs to Martha M. Ford (wife of
J. T). lot on W line of Minnesota Btreet, 670:2
N of Nevada, N 25. NW 101, S 25, SE 101, quit
claim deed; 110.
Hector McDourall to Hattie R. McDougall,
lot on W line of Twentieth avenue, 300 S of Cal
ifornia street. S B by W 110; gift.
George F. and William H. Day to Annie Day
I Nachtrieb. lot on W line of Treat (Washington)
; avenue, 200 S of Preelta place, W 110 by 8 60,
i lota 23 and 24. Kingston subdivision Preeita
• Valley lands; $10.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Arthur Crocker,
lots S2ft and ISO, Gift Map 2; $10.
Albert V. and Mary O. Mills to same, lot
832. same; $10.
| Patrick William Riordan and as Roman
: Catholic Archbishop to Alfred and Rosalia
i Anderson, lot on B\V line of Cotter street, 175
NW of Mission, NW 25 by SW- 100, block 5.
Academy Tract; $500.
l S. F. Lumber Co. fby W. J. Adams trustee)
to San Francisco Lumber Company, lot on N
line of Minerva strept, 55 W of Capitol, W 25
by N 100, lot 10, block R, Railroad Homestead
Association; $10.
M. J. and Lucy M. Reilly to J. L. Laplace,
lot on NE corner of Twenty-seventh and Stan
van streets. N 210, E 115.523. S 9 degrees 30 min
utes E 212, W to beginning, fractional block
33. Stanford Heights; $10.
Alameda County.
Joseph M. Costello to Bridget M. Costello.
lot on NE line of Livermore avenue, 93.20 NW
from SW corner of block 1, map or Northern
Addition to Town of Livermore, thc-nce NW 50
b$ NE 150, block 1, map of Northern Addition
to Town of Livermore, Murray Township; also
lot on NE line of Livermore avenue, SK m
from NW corner of block 1, map of Northern
Addition to Town of Livermore, NE 150 by SE
60, being: lot 3, O'Ltary Tract, Murray, Town
ship; gift
Myron T. and Marlon B. Holcomb to J. A.
Marshall, lot on N line of Shasta street, 280 W
of Grove, W 80 by N 135, block T, Alpine Tract,
Oakland Annex; $10.
J. L. and Mary C. Barker to John A. Marsh
all, lot on S line of Parker Etreet, 327.51 W of
Grove avenue, W 45 by S 130. block O. Crystal
Springs Tract, Berkeley; $100.
A. W. and Minnie D. Metz to R. E. Ibbet
son, lots 3 and 4. block A, Yoakum Tract on j
map of lots 12 to 17, Bilker's subdivision of por- i
tlon of lot L Yoakum Tract. Brooklyn Town- ;
ship, warranty deed; $10.
R. E. Ibbetson to W. H. Daviß, lot 3, block
A. Yoakum Tract on map of lots 12 to 17.
Baker"s subdivision of portion of lot 1, Yoakum !
Tract, Brooklyn Township, bargain and sale ,
deed; TlO.
Thomas and Delia M. Rweetman to Danford .
and May P. Henshaw, v* acre beginning at a i
point between lota 10 and 11 of lands of Brook
lyn Land Company, 244.4425 NW from NW line
of Ohittendf^n #ract, thence NW 267.31, BE
81. 480, SW 267.30, except a strip 30 feet on NX
Eld.^ taken for a Ftreet, Brooklyn Township; $10. |
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Margaret I
B Warford, lot on N line of Buena Vista aye- i
nue, 250 E of Willow street. E 42 by N 117:6, \
blo'-k 17, lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; i
$10.
John Stewart to Anna Stewart, lot 13, block j
B, Buenaventura Tract, map 2, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
George M., Thomas. James P., Ellen, Wil
liam R. and Katie See"i:rson to Frederick A.
Dodge, lot on NW corner of Twelfth and
Campbell streets. W 30 by N 110, being lot 10,
block 1. Tract 353, Oakland; $10.
William Dtngee freferpo In action). Warren
Olney Jr. vs. Augusta M. and A. Tornblom.
Rebecca Douglas. Thomas V. and Victor L.
O'Brien to Victor L. O'Brien, lot on N line of
Fourth street, 12. r > W of Castro, W 25 by N 100,
block 48, Oakland, $500.
Henry Lincoln to Eva V. Dewin?. lot
on SW Itn? of Villa Term re and Ran Pablo
avenue. S 120, W 3<in. N 300, N to a point, E
MO to beginning, block 6, San Pablo avenu*
Villa Tract; also lot 19, block 6, tame, Oakland I
Township: $10.
Myron L. and Rebecca Wurts to Fannie I.
Springsteen, lots 11 and 12. and E H lot 10.
block 2107. Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland
Annex; $10.
V. R. and J. A. Parker to Emily K. Latham,
lot 6, block D, Latham Terrace, subject to
mortgage. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Emily K. Latham (by attorney) to Harry L.
Holcomb. lots 4, 6 and 7, block D, same tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
V. R. and J. A. Parker to *ame, lots 4 and 7,
block D, same, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Frederick A. Dodge to George M\, Thomas.
Ellen, James P. and William R. Segurson, lots
6 to 11, Map of Turnbull Tract, being a suc
cessive portion lot 7, Yoakum Tra.-t, Brooklyn
Townohlp: |M. •
George M. Sheldon to Daniel McGlone, lot on
NW corner of Harper and Woolsey streets, N
135:6 by W 122:4. being lota 4 to 7. block 6.
CVntral Park Tract. Berkeley: $10.
F. K. and Rosa M. Shattuck to E. Q. and E
S. Turner, lot on N line of Bancroft way, 735.1 l
W of Shattuck avenue, N 135, E 10, a 135 to be
ginning, being a portion of plat 63, Rancho V.
and D. Peralta. Berkeley; $10.
A. O. and Ellen C. Andersen to Caroline B. j
Olfford, lot on S line of Briggs avenue, 700 E
of High street E 68 by S 203, being lot 31,
BrlKB" Tract, Alameda; $10.
Charles F. «nd Agnoo L. Fischer to Alvlldla
I. Koueh, lota 19 and 20, block B, Fitch Tract,
Alame«J«; $10.
,;■« Builders'. Contracts. .
• Mrs. Joseph : Munler (owner) with Edward
Ginley (contractor), architect T. J. Welsh, all
work except painting and plumbing ? for a 2
story frame with attic and basement with brick
foundation on ;N : line of Twenty-fourth street,
132:6 W.of Guerrero. N6LW 27:6. S 60, E 27:6.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1898.
MADRID PRESS
URGES PEACE
Sentiment of Leading
Newspapers.
PUBLIC OPINION CHANGING
YET THE MASSES ARE GAINING
COURAGE.
They Are Led to Believe That
the Americans Are Beginning
to Encounter Serious
Difficulties.
Copyrighted, 18DS. by James Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, June 14.— Instead of the
general feeling here being pessimistic
! It is that the Americans are only be
; ginning to feel the pinch of the shoe
which, the further she goes, will hurt
■ her the more.
That three papers — the Pals, the Na
cional and the Vida Nueva — take as
' texts for the feature of the day the
question of peace Is significant as
showing that public sentiment is being
rapidly molded to accept the inevita
ble. The Pais Is rabidly republican
and all along violently jingo. The Vida
Nueva is a new paper, born upon the
present condition of affairs. Its pro
gramme is to renovate Spain; it is the
voice of young Spain. At the end of
an impassioned patriotic article, it
says:
"Peace is what our country needs to
day. All men of character and strength
should support it, thus putting an end
to the terrible suffering of this unfort
unate country."
The Herald agent is pilloried in the
Correo, which says that not only from
Gibraltar but now from Lisbon the
Herald's correspondents send news of
the Spanish ships and their arma
ments. It reproduces Lisbon telegrams
to the Herald.
The Bourse was buoyant to-day and
up one point on rumors of interven
tion of the powers and a reported Span
ish victory at Santiago. The Govern
ment holds no confirmation of such ru
mors.
In connection with the prospects of
peace a long consultation between j
Senors Moret and Sagasta to-day is j
commented upon. Private telegrams j
tell of a conference at Manila between !
the German Consul and Governor j
Augusti.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs,
Duke Almodovar de Rio. told the news
paper men to-day that the Spanish
Government had not taken any step in
the direction of peace negotiations. The
Minister said he had not received any
confirmation of the reported third at
tack on Santiago.
The Minister of War, General Correa,
declared the situation at Manila better
than was supposed. He said Captain
General Augusti had concentrated 20,
000 men for the defense of the city and
his batteries of artillery were asserted
to comprise 199 long-range guns.
It was officially announced to-day
that Senor Dubosc, the former Spanish
Charge d'Aftaires at Washington, and
Lieutenant Carranza, the former Span
ish naval attache at Washington, have
been "invited" to leave Canada, owing
to the "Canada authorities having in
tercepted a letter which Lieutenant
Carranza addressed to the Minister of
Marine, giving an account of the con
dition of the American fortifications."
The optimism of the press is increased
by a belief that Germany intends to
prevent a bombardment of Manila by
making a naval demonstration. The
newspapers urge sacrifices, with the
view of securing Germany's assistance
and political leaders express themselves
in favor of offering Germany the fol
lowing concessions in return for her
"taking the Initiative in forcing Ameri-
i ca - ."
Firstly— Naval stations and coaling
I depots in Spanish Oceanica.
Secondly— Spanish concurrence in the
1 development of Germany's commercial
relations with Morocco.
BERLIN. June 14.— Advices received
from Shanghai by the Frankfort Zei
■ tung say news has been received there
from Manila to the effect that there Is
fighting every night around the town.
The insurgents, it seems, are trying to
capture Manila and to establish an in
: dependent government before the
Americans land.
The German Consul at Manila, it is
further reported, has 300 Germans and !
Swiss on board a refugee steamer in
the harbor.
VIENNA, June 14.— The Neve Preie
' Presse says that Spain has requested
! the powers to urge the United States
to occupy Manila, should the town sur
; render, and not to allow the insurgents
I to do so.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY.
Committee of Arrangements for the
Laying of the Cornerstone
at Work.
The committee having in charge the ar
rangements for the laying of the corner
stone of the Youths' Directory at the cor
ner of Eighteenth and Guerrero streets on
July 17 met at the home of the society
at 2030 Howard street last night to per
fect the arrangements for the occasion^
There were present: Chairman James R.
Kelly, Secretary David J. Costello. Dr.
John" Gallagher representing the sodality,
the Rev. Fathers Crowley and Melville
with delegations from the various Irish
societies who will participate in the lay-
Ing of the corner stone.
The formation of the committees was
partly perfected at the meeting last night.
On the reception committee George E.
Gallagher was made chairman with power
to add to the number requisite to give the
committee a working power; on trie com
mittee on music, Joseph Sullivan was
made chairman; on the committee on in
vitations, General P. F. Walsh was made
the chairman. By unanimous consent T.
R. Bannerman was elected marshal of the
day with power to increase the number
of "his aids to suit the occasion. Eugene
Hanna will have charge of the grounds
and see that the Invited guests are prop
erly attended to. It is estimated that the
procession will number over 60W and to
supply this body with appropriate music
it waj thought that at least three bands
would be necessary, which will be sup
plied.
Side Arms Barred.
An ortfer was issued at Camp Merritt
yesterday prohibiting privates from car
rying their side arms except when on
duty. Anticipating this order, the offi
cers of the different regiments have de
cided to have the tents of their mon
searched for pocket guns and other wea
pons that the men are known to carry.
It is a notorious fact that evry gun shop
in this city has been utterly depleted of
small arms.
First California Recruits.
The blanks necessary for the enrollment
of the additional 300 recruits for the First
California Regiment of Volunteers have,
been received at the oTlce of Adjutant.
eGr.cral Barrett. The recruits have all
been secured and Captain Carrington, the
mustering officer, will begi/ mustering
them into service this morning at the
First Regiment Armory, Page ajid Gough
street*,
AN UPROAR IN
THE DEPUTIES
Meline Ministry Meets
With Defeat.
THE FRENCH PREMIER AT BAY.
HOOTED AND TAUNTED BY THE
OPPOSITION.
Adoption of a Qualified Vote of Con
fidence Will Probably Cause the
Resignation of the
Cabinet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, June 14.-~The Meline Minis
try was defeated In the Chamber of
Deputies by 296 to 246 votes, amid in
tense excitement and an uproar. The
House was crowded, as were the pub
lic galleries.
The Premier, M. Meline, opened the
proceedings by vehemently repudiating
the statement that he was engaged in
an anti-democratic policy, but he de
clared that the accession of Socialists
to power would spell ruin for France.
Ex-Minister Bourgeois followed,
taunting M. Meline with being unwill
ing to cut himself free from the Right
ists, and several Extreme Leftists con
tinued their severe strictures of the
Premier's "undemocratic policy."
M. Ribot then delivered a warm
eulogy of the Premier and proposed a
vote of confidence in the Government,
but its terms elicited loud protests from
the Rightists, amid general excitement.
M. Meline, however, accepted the
terms of the motion, whereupon M.
Cassaignac charged him with throwing
over the Rightists.
The Premier retorted that he had
| never asked for the support of the
i Rightists.
The first part of M. Ribot's motion—
"the chamber approving the declara
tion of the Government"— was then
adopted by a vote of 289 to 272. The
second part — "is determined to put in
force the policy of democratic reform
based on the union of republicans" — •
was adopted by 525 to 5 votes.
Thus far matters went comparative
ly smoothly. Then M. Henri Ricardo
moved to add the words, "and support
ed by a majority exclusively repub
lican."
M. Meline refused to accept this ad
dition. M. Ricardo insisted upon a
vote, and the addition was carried by
256 to 246, whereupon there was a ter
rible uproar.
The members of the extreme left
arose en masse and shouted for the re
tirement of M. Meline.
M. Berteaux yelled: "Get out; you
are defeated." Others, pointing to the
Ministerial bench, indulged in a chorus
of "boohs." The socialists vociferated,
"Resign, resign."
When a lull occurred another vote
was taken on the entire motion, which
M. Meline accepted, swallowing the ob
noxious addition, and the motion was
adopted by 254 to 272 votes. The Cham
ber of Deputies then adjourned until
Monday.
In the lobbies of the chamber the
opinion was freely expressed that M.
Meline would resign after the council
to-morrow, though nothing is certain,
owing to the contradictory character of
the votes.
DEADLY FIRE OF
THE AMERICAN FORCE.
Twenty-five Spaniards Slain in the
Second Fight at Guan
tanamo.
ON BOARD THE ASSOCIATED
PRESS DISPATCH BOAT WANDA,
! OFF SANTIAGO DE CUBA, June 13,
via Kingston, Jamaica, June 14. — Dur
ing the second night attack by the
Spanish, which ended at daybreak, the
marine held their grourfd against des
j perate odds, and the bodies of twenty
| five Spaniards, including a lieutenant,
were discovered, which shows how
deadly was the American defense.
Every man in Admiral Sampson's
fleet is anxiously awaiting the soldiers,
for it is recognized that no decisive
movement is possible until the troops
effect a landing. At no place are the
troop shlpsjnore anxiously watched for
than on the sun-blistered hill top where
Lieutenant-Colonel Huntington's 600
marines lie in rifle pits, under almost
continuous hail of Spanish bullets.
Forty-eight hours of practically cease
less fighting has well nigh wrecked the
men, who arrived here incapacitated
for active field duty by the long wait
on the Panther.
With few exceptions, however, the
marines showed spirit under the per
sistent fire of the Spanish bushwhack
ers, the officers particularly exhibiting
the coolness and nerve of seasoned
campaigners.
To-day the work has been the light
est since the landing on Friday, the
Spaniards having fired few shots since
daybreak. Whether the enemy has
been driven back to the city fortlf.na
tions, or has merely retired for the day,
cannot be told until the darkness has
arrived.
A grim touch of realism was added to
the warlike scenes when the flags on
land and on the warships were placed
at half-mast at noon to-day and gal
lant Sergeant Major Goode was buried
on the hillside, scarcely twenty paces
from the spot where he fell last night.
The burial services were impressive, as
the men felt that their situation was
desperate and openly said they ex
pected to be gradually slaughtered until
the arrival of the troops.
The men freely criticize a policy
which compels them to hold a position
that could be retaken, they say, by a
half hour's shelling, but not the faint
est disposition is manifested to do
otherwise than to fight It out.
The Dolphin arrived late last night
and spent the greater part of the fore
noon in pitching shells into the Span
ish blockhouse believed to be the ren
dezvous of the Spaniards on a hill a
mile and a half east of the American
position. What damage was done it is
impossible to learn.
"With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photographs of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, who stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight.— ln next Sunday's Call.
Millinery Firm Insolvent.
"Seavey's" millinery firm has been de
clared 'insolvent. The firm schedules its
liabilities at $12,215 C 7, and Its assets at
SALARIES OF
POSTMASTERS
Annual Readjustment Is
Announced.
EFFECT ON COAST OFFICIALS
NUMEROUS INCREASES MADE IN
THIS STATE.
Comparatively Few Decreases — Many
Advances From Third to Second
Class and One or Two
Relegations.
Suecial Disratch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 14.— The an
nual readjustment of postmasters' sal
aries has been made, to take effect on
July 1. Following are the increases and
decreases for Pacific Coast postoffices:
California— Grass Valley, Nevada
City, Redding, Salinas and Visalia ad
vanced from third to second class; Red
Bluff relegated from second to third
class. Increases: Arcata, from $1100 to
$1200; Azusa, from $1000 to $1100; Bak
ersfield, $2000 to $2100; Berkeley, $2300
to $2400; Escondido, $1300 to $1400; Eu
reka, $2100 to $2200; Grass Valley, from
$1900 to $2000; Hanford, $1800 to $1900;
Healdsburg, $1600 to $1700; Hollister,
$1600 to $1700; Jackson, $1500 to $1600;
Lodi, $1100 to $1200; Long Beach, $1500
to $1600; Los Angeles, $3500 to $3600;
Monterey, $1400 to $1500; Nevada City,
from $1900 to $2000; Oakdale, from $1200
to $1400; Porterville, $1500 to $1600; Red
ding, $1800 to $2000; Redlands, $2300 to
$2400; Salinas, $1900 to $2000; Sanger,
$1000 to $1100; San Leandro, $1100 to
$1400; San Maeto, $1400 to $1500; Santa
Paula, $1400 to $1500; Sausalito, $1000 to
$1100; Selma, $1400 to $1500; Soldiers'
Home, $1000 to $1200; Sonoma, $1000 to
$1100; Sonora, $1600 to $1700; Stockton,
$2700 to $2800; Vallejo, $2000 to $2100;
Ventura, $1700 to $1800; Visalia, $1900 to
?2000; Yreka, $1600 to $1700. Decreases:
Alameda, from $2500 to $2400; Angels
Camp, from $1500 to $1400; Colton, $1300
to $1200; Coronado, $1500 to $1400;
Dixon, $1500 to $1400; Haywards, $1600
to $1500; Lincoln, $1200 to $1100; Lom
poc, $1400 to $1200; Madera, $1600 to
$1400; Marysville, $2200 to $2100; Po
mona, $2300 to $2200; Red Bluff, $2000 to
$1900; San Rafael, $1800 to $1700.
Oregon — Baker City and Pendleton
advanced from third to second class.
Increases: Albany, from $1800 to $1900;
Baker City, $1900 to $2100; The DaUes,
$1100 to $1200; Eugene, $1800 to 51900;
Forest Grove, $1100 to $1200; Grant's
Pass, $1500 to $1600; Heppner, $1300 to
$1400; Hillsboro, $1000 to $1100; Oregon
City, $1600 to $1700; Pendleton. $1800 to
$2000. Decreases: Salem, from $2500 to
$2400.
Washington — Cheney relegated from
third to fourth class. Increases: Bal
lard, from $1000 to $1100: Centralia,
$1200 to $1400; Davenport, $1100 to $1300;
Ellensburg, $1600 to $1700; Everett, $1800
to $1900; Hoquim, $1100 to $1300; North
Port, $1000 to $1100; Oakesdale, $1000 to
$1200; Palouse, $1400 to $1500; Pomeroy,
$1000 to $1200; Pullman, $1500 to $1600;
Puyallup, $1000 to $1100; Seattle, $3300
to $3400; South Bend, $1100 to $1200;
Spokane, $3100 to $3200; Waitsburg,
$1000 to $1100; Walla Walla, $2300 to
$2400. Decreases: Mt. Vernon, from
$1300 to $1200; Olympia, $2300 to $2000;
Sprague, $1300 to $1100.
Nevada — Carson City relegated from
second to third class. Increases: Elko,
from $1300 to $1500; Reno, $2100 to $2200;
Winnemucca, $1200 to $1300. Decreases:
Carson City, $2000 to $1900.
Arizona — Increases: Bisbee, from
$1500 to $1600; Flagstaff, $1400 to $1500;
Jerome, JISOO to $1400; Nogales, $1200 to
$1400; Tempe, $1100 to $1200; Williams:
$1100 to $1200; Yuma, $1300 to $1400. De
crease: Globe, from $1400 to $1300.
Alaska— Juneau, increased from $1400
to $1800.
THE GREGORYS ARE
FREED FROM BLAME
DISCHARGED FROM CUSTODY
BY JUDGE MORRIS.
The District Attorney Did Not Think
They Should Ba Held— A Clear
Case of Self-Defense.
ALAMEDA, June 14.— 1t was apparent
from the statements of the District At
torney in summing up the Gregory case
yesterday that there was no likelihood of
the defendants being held for trial for the
killing of Williams. He said then that
there was little use in putting the county
to the expense of a trial whose conclu
sion was practically foregone.
Acting upon this statement and upon
his own conclusions from the evidence
presented, Justice Morris this afternoon
discharged both defendants from custody
and they are now free from all legal
blame for the death of Williams.
As soon as they could get away from
the crowd the couple went together to the
home of the wife on Eagle avenue, where
the tragedy occurred. It is considered
probable that they will resume their mar
ital relations with each other. All through
the trial there has been marked evidence
of affection between them, and when Mrs.
Gregory broke down her ex-husband
showed her every attention and endear
ment possible under the circumstances.
The result of the examination meets
with the approval of public sentiment
here. Williams invaded the Gregory
home and broke it up. and then sought to
still further force his attentions upon
Mrs. Gregory. That he should have met
his death was only to have been expected.
The fable that Williams was an English
baronet Is exploded by the fact that the
"Peeragi" does not give the name of any
such person as entitled to a baronetcy.
There was once a Sir Hugh "Williams, but
' AEVERTISEJffENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
— — FOB
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Watsr«." lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." MedicaUourna:
CAUTION: See Mot the label bean the signa-
ture of the /Inn.
1 ' ' Andreas Saxlehner.
y^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
! Mmtttm KEABST ST. Established
< wnJr«B lr > 1854 for the treutenpntni I'ilvato
I EtLUfob'JBSM l)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|f>2()Ki;ABSYST. Established
m In 1854 for tbe treatmpnt o{ private
W Disensfß, Lost Maniin. «;. Debility or
>'<Q9S39IMk disease wearing on body and mind and
f§9 .Skin I)igeast*s. The doe to ecu res
±$g&MBtBn others fall. Try him. Charges low.
rWtWHmam fin cininii mill i I C&llorwrlte.
Dr. J. *•. «IBBOW, Box 1057, Sail Francisco.
he died in 1876, and there is now no person
in the peerage with that name.
1 — « ■» ■
Phrenology and Character Beading.
- Barefooted and dressed in a most gaudy
and picturesque costume Professor Wil
liam Windsor, the phrenologist and por
trayer of human character, made his sec
ond appearance on the platform at Met
ropolitan Temple last night. ; The hall
was weir- filled and the audience listened
attentively to the speaker's theories on
character building and hints on health of
mind and body. • He claims the ability to
place each man in his proper business,
and argues that all the failures in life
are due not to lack of ability, but to the ;
fact that the man Is misplaced— is wast
ing time and energy as a poor physician
when he might Instead make*a successful
speaker or engineer, or vice versa. Two
subjects were selected by the audience
and the professor gave a. very satisfac
tory demonstration of his skill.
.-«♦ ■ ' .
Troops to Arrive To- Day.
The First Regiment of Tennessee Vol
unteer Infantry will arrive in this city ■.
some time this morning. They will form !
part of General King's brigade.
The independent troop of Nevada cay- j
airy from Reno will reach San Francisco i
this morning. They are not bringing any :
horses with them.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" •""**"".'""",? "~~~~'~~'~^~ "** ' : . :'"
I will guarantee
jf^^vPro^^ that my Rheumatism
ure will-relieve lum-
J^y S °' sc * a^ lCa ? n(i a *
*§& -J^Hl rheumatic in
tw **2Sft^^^w * wo or hours,
ra and cure in a few
V / *'*jkki MUNYON.
v^^^^^ At all druggists,
' «Mifefe*fc^i3^i» -25c. ft vial. Guide
Wl^SSEawf to Health and medi-
j I pi* cal advice free.
, I • 1505 Arch St.. Phila.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k^ Steamers leave Broadway
W^jj_^ wharf, San Francisco.
3 EtwsineS^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
' «P:S»Mfc June 5 10, 15, 20, 23, 30. July 5,
i 18L £^M\%3i transfer at Seattle. I
IgESXISI !311 For Alaskan ports (from !
1 ÜBbCes£Xehl Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.. I
if^^EHK June 5, 26, July 17. August 4.
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
• *■ For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anaeortes and New Whateom (Wash.), 10 a. ;
m., June 5, 10, 16. 20, 25, 30, July 5, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with i
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver i
with C. p. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m., I
June 1. 7, 13. 19, 25, July 1. and every sixth
day thereafter. •-■-
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Caw-os, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), j
Gavtota. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, C. 10, 14. 18. 22, 26, 30, ;
July 4, and every fourth day tnereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- i
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Earbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11-
a. m., June 4, S. 12, 18, 20. 24, IS. July 2, and
every fourth day thereat
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del I
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., June 17,
July 2.
For further Information obtain folder.
The i company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a p<i kmirn nf ratline.
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery!
Street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. A*ts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO, ~~
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
• ' . From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m. - \
PARC $12 First Class Including Berth
I Hilt S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5. 14. 23
State of California ..June S. 17. 25
Oregon  .....June 11. 20. 25
Bt. Paul $16 00|St. Louis ......... .$32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00iCh!cafio 27 60 j
Omaha 26 001 New York 3100
. ; -,' E. C. WARD, General Agent,
£30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
©PSIPSHWIfi The S - s. moana
hp'h^BhJjH hHIL sails via Honolulu an<l
WW«» £ °^ a "Auckland for Sydney |
■ ■"rtK, mm — ,;■ Wednesday, June 15, :
Oj/^L" A at 10 P- m -
l«f r^lrVinWllfU) Tlte "aiUns 'or Hono- |
CyICQIIIJHiI/ lulu June 2) is can-
Wr \Oiiip(3l4q* ce LL e lne to coolgar-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, South
Africa.
n< D.' SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
111 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic
French Line to Havre-
Company's Pie/ (new), 42 North j».t»^.
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers 4^£fSjC t
by this line avoid both transit by«*wv!&
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New YorK to
Alexandria Egypt, via Paris, first-class. J160;
second-class, 1116.
LA GASCOGNE ........June 13, 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE.. .June 25, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE July 2, 10 a. m. !
LA TOURAINE ......July 9. 10 a. m. '
I. A NORMANPIE July 16, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, '
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
• ye.. Sen Francisco. ' '
ANCHOR line
United States Mai! Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates fur Saloon Passage— of Rome, $60;
other steamers, |50.
Second Cabin— Roma. 142 50; Fur: eaala, $37 60;
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— Rome. $25 60; Furnessla,
tU 50; other steamers, $23 50. >
For Book of Tours and Information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents, 1 i
Bowling Green. Ne-< York: or J. "\ FUGAZI.
5 Montgomery st. ; or L. F. COC"ROFT, 114
Montgomery st. or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New
Montgomery st., San .Francisco, .
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Hon., Tues , Wed., Thurs. and Sat.
9:45 a. m. 3:15 p. in. <S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ....... .........1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices Mission Dock, Pier J.
Telephone Red 224 L • .
, RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC BOAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1898. I
WEEK DAYS. .!
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, '8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15. •S;M,
6:30 p. m.
Extra- trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m. ; -.- •■■ - ■ -■ ■ - ■-- '■ ■ ■-■-'-
. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:00,
•10:00, 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00, *1:45, *2:30. »4:00.
6:30. 6:45. p. in,
11:00 a. m. does not run. to San RafaeL
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. -
■ i*i , THROUGH TRAINS. - . I
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns. I
8:20 p. m. Saturdays^ — and way sta'ns.
6:18.p.m." week days (Sat. ex.)— Toraales and
way stations. : . - , '.-.■. ,
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and- way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta'n.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN L
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ISM, trains will run as follows: :
' : South-bound. ; / North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed- Passen-
• ? ger Sunday Sta- Sunday , ger :
: Daily. Exc'pt'd tons. Exc"pfd Dally. [
:7:20 a m 9:00 a m Stockton 8:45 p m 8:40 pro.
r 9:10 a m 12:50 p m ?> Merced - 12:50 p m 8:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 p m ,- Fresno : 8:30 a m "2:20 p m
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 p m
- 8:45 p m 11:50 p m : B'k'rfTd ■ 2:30 am 10:15 a m
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Visalla 6:40 a m|12:55 p m
;' ; Stopping at Intermediate points as required. -
1 1 Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ; of ; ;
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San ■ Francisco and I Stockton at 1 6
p. m. daily; at Merced with ■■ stages- to and •
from ■ Bnell!ngs, Coulterville. :iYoaemit«,-vetc; =
also with stage from Hornltos, Marlposa, etc.
at LankersUlm with atae» to asa from Uadera. .
i AUCTION JALES,
; FORCED AUCTION SALE
Einpormm Horse Market, 220 Valencia St.
TO-MORKOW.
j Thursday, June 16, at 11 a. m.
! ! By ■ order of JOSEPH NASH. Mortgagee, we
will sell all the property of T. P. NEWELL,
who js retiring from the livery business. This
| stock consists of Horses, Business Buggies,
I Open and Top Buggies, Road Buggies, a fine
, Six-Seater, Hack. Rockaways, Surreys.
Wagons, Carts, Harness of all kinds, etc.. etc.
i This sale Is positive. No reserve or limit.
For further particulars Inquire of JOSEPH
NASH, IS Post St., or of."-*;
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
Office. 3:7 Sixth St.
BAILRO AD TRAVEL.
MIITHKItN I'MiiriC COHII'AWr.
■ (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
{ Trnlm Ifiitv »ii«l lire <ln«> to nrrlv* ml
NAN PUANt'IN<:«.
; - (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
; tSAvk - From June 1. 1898. — abbivb
I - •OiOOa Niirß,Sii"i! Jose and Way Station*... * 8: ** A
7:00* B>!:ici», Suiaun kU.I Sacramento.... 1O:4».*
?:»Wa Maryaville, Oro»illeaml Uedding »la _ ._
\V'(i<i'i!Hiid ...: »:41Jr
7:00.1 \.i. a, vtlla »nd Snmscgr'.. . . .' 8:-1Sp ■
*:an v Martiner... San U..imm, Vnllejo. Napa, _
Calirt.ga ami fianta l!o»a ! .2 1 '
8:O0a Atlantii: KxpresA, Osilen and Kam.. !*:<»>»
Hi»oa N:!,s Sun J«»t<. St.wktmi. lone,
Sacramento, Marynvill«. Chico, ...
Tchaius aud R...1 IH.tIT ii 1 !2 1 *
: •»:30a I'eterg, Milton. UakiUie •"•*
I 9:UOa New Urleaus K(|>ro«i, Merced, l'*rt<s-
mo, liakeraiiul.l, ■Saiitu »arlmr»,
J.os AiiK>ks, Doming, Bl I'aso.
New (i leans a.i.l 1'^i5t............ «i«*
: I O:OO Valirj". M,.rt.i;i..y. and Way Stations 7:4-»P
1 •l:OOpBaer»iueiitni:iver»teniiu-iH «U:O«p
....... Han Jv*e, Nilos aud Way Stations.. . }»:I3a
S:OOi- Liv.Tiij.ji-o, Mordote', Htwiforil aDd
Visalia.. 4:15p
Livvnm,re, Saa Jose, Nileg and Way
■ SUtlon. ; t'« s J^
;, Prfsno, Voaomite, Meroed, Martlnex 12:15p
4:0 Or Mjtiliu.v., Him lUiimn, Viili.'i". ,.
Nn|ia, < 'iilistdga, Bl Vtrano and v ._
KantaKogii »» IS *
4tOOr Benlci.-v, V*«ivil!e, H'oii<llind,
Kniulits Landing, Marjs»Me, Dro-
• - -', . »il!u aiidHnonitiiento.....' •-• '2 : A
4:3<>p Nllea. San J«w«-, Trscy and Stockton .. 7:l3if
4:30r Stockt o«-, 1.0 li. Oakdnle (James-
towa for Yosemite), Merced....... l»ilS»
•:3Op IjttUr<;l>, M ( Kle«to, Meroed. ISereiid*
(Kayinond for Yoseruite), Fresno,
M,.jdVt, Santa lliirb.iiu and L««
A>ig«l<* ; ''«* 8 *
4i»op Santa Pa Itouki, Atlantic Kxpr<s»» ■■
for MoJ.i»« mii.l ICftSt C:43p
6:OOr Kuroneaii Mail. <>«.lun aud Kast.... » : f 2*
I •8:UOp Va11ej0....... ••• l*""-
6:<M»r ll.iywar.l». NU.ni.'t.l Han .lose 7:45*
! t7:oop V*Ue]o, Port Costa and Way SU- •
ti0n5........ .,..............-••...• t»:4»» ,
tt:oOpOreKOii l'.X|>reHS,Hi4CrHnient". Maryi-
villa, Uoil.liiiK, Portland, ■ I'nget
j Soii.nlan.l Ivi^t. »:1»4
j MAS I.KAMHtO ANN lI A TWA HIM LOCAL.
I (Foot of Market Street.)
1 llelrosr, Nrntliinrj-. I'liiW, f 7:ISa
8:OOa Kitciiiinrv. Klnbnrst, 'I*']'*
.; : «!!* Sun LeniKlro, Soul li San WAit
UI-OOa L«»n«lro, K.1u.11110, I3:i3p
ll2:*i»um Lorenzo, Cherry • ji:43p
j j:t:oop » vi! J2:«St'
5:OOp wards. toi4sF
7:00p i Ruu« through to Nile*. Ti43f
I j /' t From Niles. I
j~~ COAST lUVIMON (Narrow (iange).
i (Foot of Market Street.)
j 17:45 a S»i.ta On:« Kxewflon, HauU Cnu ~"
and Principal Way SUtlonn JSiOsr
8:15 a Newark. (JciiWrville, San. l iHHf.Felt.on,
Boulder Cr. <k, Santa Oruz aud Way
btations 8«30p
'SilSr Newark, Cevterrille, Sun Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Roulder Creek,
•j- Saiitrt Cruz and I'riiicii.ial Way
Station. . MO.-.-JO*
4:15p Han Jobs, Qlr-nwood & Way Stations 0:20.\.
al:IBp H.ir.li)rrCri;.;k and SiH'ta <'mz jt»:B«>A
~ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
?romSiS FRANCISCO— Foot of Htrket Street I Slip —
•7:15 9:00 Il:oi'a.m. {1:03 *2:00 13:00
•1:00 tS:QO ♦6:Mf.M.
: mmOiIUKD-FootafßroJilwiy.— "fi:00 8:00 10:00 i.M.
_ 112:03 '1:03 t3:33 *3:00 tt:CQ' «S:OQr.K.
\ ' COAST IH VISION (liruai! Mange).
I (Third and Towiißuiul SU.)
•7:«)0a Han .liwo Binl Way MUUioiia (New
Alinml.-ii WtHliiesdays only) 1:3 Of
}7:30 a Sunday l-Ucurslon for Ban Jose,
S*i tii Cruz, Pacific Grove and
c"pal Way Stations JBt*»F
: ' SiOOa .Shu .hino, Trca I'limm, Si.nU Crux,
I I'Hciliu (iiove. l'a»i> UiiMes, Sail .
l.iii:. (t!iis|»i. (iii ■iii.«...;|if. Surf and '
I'iiiicii.iil Way riu*titius 4«10r
. IV:IOa San .line and Wny Stations «8:00 A
■ I:.'{Oa Ba;i .lose ami Way Stations *S:3Sa
•a:43c.Snn M»t^-,.. Ksdwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose.
Uflnqr, H'i!!i.=ter, Santa Crux,
Kiilinas, Moutertiy and I'aoilie -
(iiovo., MO:8«* i
•B:»«»r San .lose and Way StHlions ««:OOa
> •4:l. >f San .1,,.. -an. l Principal Way Stations U:4si
•S:OOp San Joso and Principal Way Stations «:3."»A
5::»Oi- Sim. Principal Way Stations 5:30p
0::tOi- San Jose and Way Stations . 7:30p
• 11:43r San Jose mid Way Stations 7:aor
A for Morning. 1" for Afternoon.
* Sundays f«i-i-|.i<-.1. t Sundays only. i Saturdays only
I Sundays ami Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
! SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Marks* Si.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN r.AFAEL. 1
' WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 13:36.
1 8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
: at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
■SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ■
BAN (RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:*5,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
: 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— : 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
I ■ 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetaen Park
: same schedule as above. —
Leave _v ' Arrive)
San Francisco. In Effect. San Francisco.
; — — - April 23, . .
Week I Sun- 1598.' Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination, days, j Days. "■
7:30 am S:00 am Nova to, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
I Fulton, . • .
1 7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburjr,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pmf 8:28 pm
7:30 am Hopland and ~ 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. __ 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm ■ 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ami 8.40 am
and
■ 6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pn
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
S:3O pm 5:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:28 pm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
ferville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Bide. Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville, Booneville. Orr'B Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at
reduced rates. '■ - :
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
I Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bid*;.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
| Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping C«r#
|, and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
Run on the Following Time : ;;
teave San Francisco. 4 :So p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.fck
Arrive Denver .....6:00 p. m., ,W.T.F.8.5.M.t1
: Arrive' Kansas C1ty..7:00 a. m., T.F.8.8.M.T.W;
j Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
! Arriv Chicago 8:00 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W/
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
, Serve Superior Meal* at Very Reason
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa P*
CM FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE—— 644 MARKET SI
Chronicle ., Building. Telephone Main 1520.
•' Oakland O2oe— Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
"mount tamalpais scenic RAILWAY~
• . . (Via Sausalitu Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, , commencing May l
: IS9S: ' .-- ■■' -■ ■. . ?*• •-;
. Week Days— 9:lo a. m., 1:46 and 6:15 p m.
• Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
1:30 p. ■• m. «'■-.; *.-'•:<?:.-■:: :-■-■.,-•:..- - :
Round trip from Mill Valley, |3L
- VHOS, COOK & BON. Assists, «1 M vtw
street, Baa Francisco. -
910
ASKS THREE
MILLIONS FOR
THE PLANT
Los Angeles Water Corpo
ration's Proposal to
the City.
Contested Crystal Springs Rights
Rated at One-Third of the
Total Valuation.
LOS ANGELES, June 14.— When it I
was predicted by The Call correspond
ent almost six months ago that the j
Los Angeles City Water Company j
would demand $3, 000,000 for its plant
from the city that prophecy was made
advisedly. That is what the company :
by its attorneys asked to-day, although
the offer came in the shape of two j
propositions, made at a joint meeting ;
of the directors of the water company |
and the members of the City Council. :
One was to sell to the city all of the ■
corporation's improvements to the city's
plant within the city limits for $2,000,- !
000. The second was a proposal to sell ;
the property owned by the Crystal
Springs Company, which is a corpora
tion auxiliary to the City Water Com- |
pany, all of its water rights and prop- |
erty for $1,000,000 additional.
The main feature of the holdings of \
the Crystal Springs Water Company
Is a contested water right. The city !
claims the Crystal Springs water rights
are invalid and of no value, as the
water claimed by the Crystal Springs I
Company is simply percolating water :
of the river, all of which belongs to the !
city. One million dollars is the amount !
really asked for the contested water ;
rights.
The proposition of the water company
was not at all favorably received by the
Council. An inventory of the property
owned and alleged to be owned was ;
supplied. After hearing it read the ;
Council ordered the water supply com- ,
mittee and the City Engineer to check
up the inventory with the estimate of
value previously made by the City En
gineer, and ascertain how far apart the
City Engineer's value of the company's
property and the valuation of the cor
poration itself are. Another meeting is
to be held on Friday next.
Mayor M. P. Snyder was not at all
satisfied with the meeting held to-day.
He was an interested spectator and
participated in the conference. The ;
previous estimate of the City Engineer
was that the property which the city
desired to and should purchase of the
water company was worth approxi
mately $1,200,000, but that did not in
clude any allowance for the allecrf-d
Crystal Springs water right upon
which the company has placed the j
liberal valuation of $1,000,000.
As to this right, Superior Judge Yorke
has not yet rendered his decision. The j
case has been tri^d before him and |
submitted. An opinion is now awaited, j
One thing is certain: The people of i
Los Angeles will not vote $3,000,000 in |
bonds to buy out the present company.
If it should be done an immediate ex- i
penditure of $500,000 would have to be j
made to put the plant into shape.
When the conference was called to |
order this morning it was found all \
principals were promptly on hand, j
Judge J. S. Chapman was the legal j
advisor of the corporation and City At- i
PILING U P THE
SINEWS OF WAR
Collector Lynch Up to
His Ears in Business.
RECEIPTS FOR THE DAY.
LARGEST KNOWN IN THE HIS
TORY OF THE OFFICE.
Tobacco Men and Brewers Making
Inventories of the Stock on
Hand and Large Dis
counts Offered.
Collector Lynch and all of his force were
up to their ears in business yesterday is
euing circulars to the makers and sellers
of tobacco and malt liquors Informing
them' as to the details of the new war
revenue bill and the taxes which they or
rather the consumers will have to pay in
order to continue the war against Spain
and to pay the war bills already incurred
by the Government.
The law requires all" tobacconists •to
make an inventory of all their stock on
hand stamped and ready for sale yester
day, the day on which the new revenue
tax bill went into effect. All stocks under
20,000 cigars or cigarettes and under 1000
pounds of tobacco are exempt from the
new tax. Hence the necessity for the in
ventory. •■■-•
Manufacturers of beer and other malt
liquors may buy the new stamps in any
quantity, whether needed for immediate
consumption or not, and they will be al
lowed a discount of 7% per cent.
The following circular was Issued for
the information of the brewers:
You will require every brewer on his return,
form 18, for June, to account separately for the
number and kind of stamps purchased, and the
number and kind of stamps used by him dur
ing the portion or the month before and in
cluding the day of the passage of the act In
creasing the tax; and to account separately
tor the number and kind of stamps purchased,
and the number and kind of stamps used by
him during, the portion of the month after the
passage of the act; and to show the number
.and 'kind- of stamps -returned by htm and ex
changed for stamps at the .. Increased rate.
Also to show separately the, quantity of liquor
removed from ' the ' premises ' before, and after
the passage of the act. V
Attention Is celled to the fact that the in
crease In the rate of tax will probably necessi
tate the giving of new bonds by all brewers,
as the amount :of tax. which. in the opinion
of the Collector, the brewer will :be Ilablo . to
pay during .any one month. You , will ; please
soe ' that new , bonds In sufficient amounts ■ are
given in all cases where the present bond Is too
email to satisfy the requirements of the law in
this respect.
The receipts of the office yesterday were
$26,900, about $20,000 in excess iof the ordi
nary, daily receipts of the office. \-. This in
crease in receipts -will not' be permanent
because the payments made yesterday
represent amounts due on stock held back
' torney W. E. Dunn acted for the city.
' In opening the meeting President Her
: man Silver of the City Council said:
"Gentlemen of the Council, we meet
with the representatives of Los An
geles City Water Company to discuss
! the question of what improvements the
water company claims the city should
take over under the contract made be
> tween this city and the water company
on July 22, 1868, which expires on the22d
| of next month; also to determine the
; price demanded for such improvements
as have been made by the company
i from time to time, on the original plant
; leased to the company by the city. We
[ shall be glad to hear from the repre
sentatives of the water company."
Judge Chapman, on behalf of the
water company, responded:
"We have endeavored in our report,
] made to the Council, to outline what
i properties of the water company we
claim the city should purchase under
the contract. This schedule of prop
erty is complete and accurate in its de
scription. Now, while the company
has fully outlined what property it
holds as falling within the terms of
the contract, I have never yet heard the
city's interpretation 86 to what it
claims comes under the headof improve
ments, which the city must purchase
undor the contract.
"We come prepared to name a price
for all the properties owned and con
trolled by the Los Angeles City Water
Company, or for the portion of those
properties which we maintain must be
paid for under the contract. We con
cede that the city is not bound to take
the Crystal Springs Company property,
but we do claim that the city will find
it absolutely necessary to own such a
system of additional supply in order to
adequately furnish the needs of this
city. There is no necessity for referring
to the growth of Los Angeles. It is too
conspicuous to need reference, but that
very growth makes all the more evi
dent the value of properties such as the
reservoir sites not now used by the
water company. We are prepared to
talk over all these matters with you
and to reach a final determination at
the earliest practical moment, so that
the city may proceed to the Issuance
of bonds for the payment upon such
properties as it is agreed shall be pur
chased under the contract." #
City Attorney Dunn at this juncture
announced that the City Council was
prepared to hear the price the water
company had fixed upon its property.
Then it was that Judge Chapman made
the two propositions outlined hereto
fore. The Judge explained that all of
the stock of the City Water Company
had been placed in the hands of trus
tees preparatory for any transaction
tending to the purchase thereof.
The Council will continue to hold ex
tra meetings continuously until some
thing is done, but what that some
thing -will be no one can foretell. The
municipal ownership problem seems to
be as complicated as it ever was.
while awaiting the action of Congress on
the bill.
AN OAKLAND SENSATION.
Charges of Perjujy and Libel Filed
Here Arising Out of Annie
Johnson's Death.
The statements in the answer filed by
Mrs. Gertrude K. Jones in the Superior
Court. Oakland, last Wednesday to the
suit brought by Attorney George H.
Franeoeur against her and her husband
for the recovery of $500 due on a promis
sory note have stirrod up a hornet's nest.
Yesterday afternoon Francoeur ap
peared before Judge Mogan and swore to
a complaint charging Mrs. Jones with
perjury in swearing to statements in the
answer. The allegations that are de
clared to be false are principally in con
nection with a conspiracy between Fran
coeur, Jones and Attorney Henry N. He
atty to get "hush money" from Mrs.
Jones regarding the death of Annie John
son in January, 1897.
Attorney Beatty also swore to a com
plaint for the arrest of Joseph Hutchin-
Bon, the attorney for Mrs. Jonos in her
suit for divorce against her husband, on
the charge of libel. In her affidavit Mrs.
Jont-s repeated the allegations in regard
to the betrayal and subsequent death by
a criminal operation of Annie Johnson
and the attempt to get "hush money"
from her. In the complaint it is alleged
that Hutchinson drew up the complaint
for divorce and the affidavit knowing that
the statements therein were false and
malicious.
Hutchinson was arrested yesterday aft
ernoon and released on $sr*o bonds.
MARRIED AT
MILL VALLEY
A Lineal Descendant of
George Washington
Weds Miss Bacon.
The wedding of Miss Alice Bacon and
Francis Bedinger Washington took a
large number of people from San Fran
cisco to Mill Valley yesterday. Miss Ba
con is so well known in the musical world
that the event was of unusual interest.
The ceremony was performed at high
noon in the Congregational Church in
the valley by the Rev. Horatio Stebbins.
The quaint little edilice was bright with
red and white flowers, relieved by palms
ancj ferns and pungent thlnga from the
woods.
The bride who is a tall, stately brun
ette, looked queenly in a whtto satin
striped gown and large white picture hat.
Mips .Catherine Sc-lfridge, the maid of
honor, was gowned in white swiss, as
wore the bridesmaids, Miss Florence
Sharon, Miss Lucie Brown, Miss Merle
Morrison and Miss Edith Allen. They all
wore large leghorn pokes, trimmed with
white chiffon and ostrich feathers
John Washington Twiggs acted as best
man. At the conclusion of the ceremony
a stringed orchestra rendered with mar
velous effect an aria of Bach's, after
which a delightful luncheon was served
at the hotel.*
Mr Washington is assistant cashier in
the Mint and is highly connected, being a
lineal descendant of the "Father of his
country." He has built for his bride a
charming little nest in the redwoods in
the protecting shadow of Mount Tanial
pais, and in this cozy home the couple
will spend their honeymoon.
Read "A Busy Day With Secretary
of War Alger at the White House,"
in next Sunday's Call,
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1898.
TO AID THEIR
ALMA MATER
Plan of the Lowell High
School Alumni.
AFTER A NEW BUILDING.
CALL FOR GRADUATES TO AID
THE INSTITUTION.
The Board of Education Will Be
Asked to Provide for a Suitable
Structure of Brick and
Stone.
An effort is being made by the alumni
of the Lowell High School, or the Boys'
High School, as it was known for so
long, to have erected a suitable build
ing for the old school, and one that will
make it compare more favorably with
the buildings erected for the other high
schools of the city.
A petition is being circulated for sig
natures and it will be presented to the
board at the first meeting after the
schools close. The petition is as fol
lows:
To the Honorable Board of Education and
the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of ban Francisco: We, the
undersigned residents and citizens of San
Francisco, taxpayers and. for the most, pa
trons of the Lowell High School, and we, the
alumni of the school, interested In the cause
of public education, and desirous of teeing the
welfare of our schools promoted in every pos
sible way, do respectfully present to your hon
orable boards the following petition:
I. To the Honorable Board of Education:
We would respectfully present that the build
ing on Sutter street, between Gough and Oc
tavia, now occupied by the Lowell High School,
built in 1875, is no longer adequate to the needs
of that school in either size, plan or accommo
dation; and we request you to forward this
petition with your approval to the Honorable
Board of .Supervisors at as early a date as
possible, together with whatever further state
ment of facts may seem to you necessary.
11. To the Honorable Board of Supervisors:
Tour petitioners, the undersigned, In behalf
of the Interests of our schools, respectfully
present the following facts:
1. That the building now occupied by the
Lowell High School, as indicated above, is no
longer adequate to the needs of that school.
This Inadequacy is specifically shown In the
overcrowded condition of rooms, the lack of
proper laboratories and study-rooms and the
entire lack of an assembly-room.
2. That the school lot on which this build- |
ing stands <a fifty vara) is too small for the ]
construction of any further accommodation, or |
for any building of sufficient size to meet the !
needs of this school.
3. That the city and county of San Fran
cisco ia the owner and possessor of a half
bli ck of land on the north side of Sacramento '
street, between Gough and Octavla, and that
tliis half-Mock can be most advantageously de
voted to use as a school site for the Lowell i
High School.
4. That the premises now occupied by the !
Lowell High School are sufficient, and, with
slight repairs, would be satisfactory for a
primary or grammar school, and that such ac- j
commoilatlons are now very much needed In
that locality.
5. That since the Lowell High School Is es
tablished in the midst of a well-settled and
populous portion of the city, and is surrounded
on all sides by long-established and well-at- [
tended elementary schools*, at least twenty-two j
In number, which must always continue to re- i
quire a high school in that locality, a perma- 1
nent building upon pome site in the vicinity of ;
the one suggested is a necessity.
■Wherefore. In consideration of the above !
facts, we respectfully petition your honorable j
board :
I. To set aside the half-block of land on the •
n> rth side of Sacramento street, between Gough i
and Octavia. for a school site for the use of !
the Lowell High School.
IT. To place the sum of $2(V\oflo In the annual
tax levy for the fiscal year of ISSS-99 as a spe
cific appropriation for the construction of a
gubctanUaJ ars.l commodious brick building for
the Lowell High School and for furnishing the
same.
The alumni will go further than
merely ask for an appropriation, how
ever; they will help to raise the money,
and to that end there Is a plan under
discussion by which each alumnus may
donate $1 to a building fund which will
be used in conjunction with any money
the department may secure.
The present building was erected in
1875. It is out of date and the rooms
are all small and crowded. It cost
originally $37,590, and there have been
two additions built at a cost of $9,108 55.
There are at present nearly four hun
dred and fifty scholars and the grad
uating classes will average nearly sixty
since the school was established in 1564.
This year's class numbers ninety grad
uates.
A BUGLER BOY
SAVED FROM WAR.
JAMES PRESNALL RELEASED
ON HABEAS CORPUS.
The Boy Wanted to Go to Manila, but
His Father Prefers to Make a
Lawyer of Him.
James M. Presnall Is an 18-year-old
American who became inspired by patri
otism and enlisted In Denver In the First
Regiment of Colorado Volunteers and
pitched his tent at Camp Merritt in this
city. His father, James W. Presnall, is
not as recklessly patriotic as his son, for
he sought the return of his boy to his
home under a writ of habeas corpus is
sued by Judge de Haven yesterday. The
order commanded Captain Smith Rucker
of Company E of the regiment mentioned
to produce the boy in court.
The boy's father appeared In court in
the afternoon, having come all the way
from Denver to snatch his child as a
brand from the burning of horrid war.
The boy was there, too — a slender, bright
looking youth— with a nickel plated buglo
under his arm. He was a bugler, and he
was sad, not because of the softening and
refining influence of music, but because
he had set his heart on going to Manila
and witnessing the raising of the stars
and stripes over the lovely isles of the
Philippines.
Mr. Presnall had no difficulty In prov
ing that his son was under the lagal age.
The father showed also that the xioy had
granulated eyelids and his sight would
be permanently Impaired should he re
main in the tropics for any length of time.
He said that he intended to put his son
to school In this city and mako a lawyer
of him.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Anna M. Meyer has sued William Mey
er for a divorce, alleging intemperance as
a cause of action. Delia Lang has ap
plied for a divorce from E. M. Lang on
the ground of extreme cruelty. Suits for
divorce on the ground of failure to pro
vide were filed by Mamie Cunha against
Antone Q. Cunha; Lizzie Sater against
George W. Sater, and Mary Fuller
against Frederick Fuller.
"With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photographs of the
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, who stood on the
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight. — In next Sunday's Call.
« ♦ »
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE:.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June 14.
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson, 30 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr State of California, Green, — hour*
from Portland and Astoria.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 14.
Bchr Besele X, Adler, for New Haven.
Schr Newark, Beok, for Bowens Landing.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived June 14— Stmr City of
Puebla, hence June 10; atmr City of Topeka.
benoo Juno 9; stmr Charles Nelson, from s>a
.attle.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
887 Hayea street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; opes
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until » o'clock,
2C26 Mission street; open until » o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until »:S0 o'clock.
NW. comer Twenty-second ana Kentucky
rtreeta; open until 8 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and A. ■
Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- _JV.
DAY) EVENING. June 15. at 7:30 h[_X
o'clock. D. 3. , /V>
GEORGE J. KOBE, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. »
M.— Meeting THIS . (WEDNESDAY) _JV_
EVENING, June 15, at 7:30 o'clock. Tt3f
The third degree will be conferred by'.^r >
the past master of the lodge. M. M. cordially
Invited. By order of the Master.
H. FORTRIEDE, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— «
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) jffk.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- JK Jr
gree. CD. BUNKER, Secretary. /V'
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ft
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _JV_
DAY) EVENING, June 16, at 7:30V2f
o'clock. Second 'degree. W>
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MORSE Lodge No. 257. I. O. O. N»>J»«ifc!fc
F.— Memorial exercises THIS =r \J£«t
.WEDNESDAY) EVENING, June -^J«fS?.
15. All members are requested '■ 'inv^
to be present. Visitors cordially Invited.
EDWARD LEOPOLD, N. G.
C r BRIND. Recording Secretary.
BAY CITY Lodge So. 117, K. of P.. S?
Central block, 223 Sutter st.— «, I**,
rank of knight (long form) will be
conferred WEDNESDAY, June 15, at *KSAi«
8:30 p. m. Visiting and volunteer knights are
especially Invited to be present.
CHARLES C. MORRIS, K. of R. and S.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- a
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- ».
ING, June 15, at B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy AW
st. A full attendance requested. Elec- >%'
tlon of officers. r ir>
*] E. J. BRANDON, President ■
THERE will be a meeting of the executive
committee of the Phelan Democratic Club
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 54 Sixth
Bt. By order.
JAMES W. COLLINS, President.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
MISSION Rebekah Lodge win"gTvT~an~tenter^
tainment and dance at Excelsior Hall, Mis-
sion St., bet. Nineteenth and Twentieth, on
SATURDAY EVENING, June 25, 1398.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER, 1021 Market, rm. 12.
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., room 8.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market St., parlors 11 and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and chiropodist
1021 Market St., rooms 9 and 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
Miss GREY, 12 Eddy st., room 7, alcohol and
massage baths; hours 12 m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; genuine
electric vapor baths. 204 Sutter st.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk st.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120% Geary ft., room 2.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 Geary 'st, room 11.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 1.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rniß. 15-16.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 56 (DO "cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market St.. on and after
MONDAY, June 20. 1898. Transfer books will
close on TUESDAY, June 14, IMS, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— FEMALE.
WE have now on hand for city or country, 25
first-class waitresses and 30 chambermaids
and can supply you at short notice. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.; phone Grant
REFINED Protestant Infant's nurse desires
situation; best references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED, middle-aged Protestant woman de-
eires situation: $12 to $15; good cook; best
references. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse; $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German waitress and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
AWAITING situations — Several first-class
waitresses and chambermaids; also hotel and
boarding-house cooks; city or country. Please
call or send your orders to MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St. • . , ,
NEAT Swedish girl for housework, second
work or as nurse. $12 to $15; best references.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
GERMAN houseglrl, first-class cook and laun-
dress; 4 years last place; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332, a
number of first-class girls desire positions.
LADIES! For a first-class servant see J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG woman wants a place to do light
housework and assist cooking with 2 or 3 In
family, or would do chamberwork and sew-
ing: $12 to $15; references; no postals. Call
at 731 Laurel aye..
ACCOMPLISHED pianist wishes engagements;
dances, social ;.' evenings, . accompaniments,
etc.; highest references; conservatory pupil;
reasonable. Address Pianist, 12088 Howard.
ELDERLY competent woman wishes to cook
for S or 9 men; country; good cook, baker;
or would do light housework; best references.
163 Minna st., upstairs.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes situa-
tion as working housekeeper or assist in gen-
eral housework. • 223 Clipper St., between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth. '. •
COMPETENT young French lady desires posi-
tion as governess, chambermaid or take care
of children; a graduate. Address E. C, 514
Bush st.
YOUNG Scotch lady would like a -housekeep-
er's position; experienced and thoroughly
competent; 5 years in last situation. Address
M. W., Call office. Alorneda.
YOUNG lady employed during . the day would
give her services morning and evening In
exchange for board and room. Address 321%
Guerrero, St. ■-'■; -
NURSEGIRL wishes a place to take care of
children and assist with light housework;
city or country; wages $10. 245 Minna st
AN elderly lady wishes situation as house-
keeper and good seamstress or take, care of
invalid. 2222 Post st.
GERMAN cook wishes situation; city or coun-
try. Call at 1234% Bush st. : '
GERMAN-AMERICAN girl; position; care of
• children, assist upstairs; ; can do plain sew-
ing. Call at ISO 3 Folsom St., cor. Fourteenth.
WANTED — Second work and sewing In a small
American family by a competent woman with
the best of city reference. Box 335, Call office.
NEAT working girl of 14 would like light work
or would • mind a ; crowing child . for small
wages In a nice private family. Box 339, Call.
YOUNG lady desires position. ln dental parlors.:
Address box 342, Call office. : . • ; ,
WOMAN wants place to do housework or charn.
; berwork; sleep home. ; Box 340, Call office.
GERMAN- girl wishes •a I situation for general
housework and cooking. ;Call:; Call: at 1701% Jones.
GERMAN > ctrl wishes •; position : for upstairs
work ■ and sewing or light . housework. .759
,\ Mission, st. : .. .-, :.- ''"•.-::.".•;....•"■.: •:"■- '•-, ..:,
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do light house-
work. 80 Jackson st. > ■ >
MIDDLE-AGED German girl wishes any kind !
of work by the day; $1 day and car fare. 617 I
Bush st. .■;■• ■ , ■. -. -../: - ;■•■ i■■ \ .:_ -■: ;\ : I
GIRL ..wishes to do chamberwork " or second j
work. :: Call 330 Golden Gate aye.. from 9 to 1.;
YOUNG woman wishes \ chamberwork or | wait- ,
Ing one- meal a day; has worked in first-
class. hotels. : ; 737 Howard, st. -.-. vr- ~ ' : ; ;
GIRL ■ wants ' place '■ for .' housework ; wages $15.
411 Fourth st. ":*-: - : -.. ,:■•.-'.. .• y:_■■:■-'y :_■■:■-' ':'.■■■ ■■-.■-.-•..■
RELIABLE girl to do general housework. Ad- i
dress L.. box 330. Call ; office. \
GERMAN , Jewish rlrl: wants pofltloa to da j
general housework. 2619 Sutter at, ". j[
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
housework; Is a good baker; city or country.
227 Minna st.
STRONG American woman wants work by the
day, washing, Ironing or housecleaning; $1 a
day and car fare. Address 731 Folsom st
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants position as hous»-
keeper; best referencea 835 Market st.
SITUATION by middle-aged lady7~housekeep-
ing or chamberwork. Call afternoons at 684
Stevenson st.
GOOD reliable girl wishes place to do second
work or to take care of children. Address 1219
Park st, Alameda.
SWEDISH woman wishes any kind of work by
the day. 1215% Mission st.
LADY wishes situation to assist in light house-
_work. Call 2S7S Sixteenth st, near Howard.
TWO respectable girls want positions as sec-
ond girl and cook and general housework.
1007 Natoma st. off Eleventh, between How-
ard and Mission.
YOUNG colored woman wishes work by the
day. Apply 52S Howard St.. from 3 to 5 p. m.
GERMAN girl wishes situation as seamstress,
lady's maid or companion; wishes to travel.
M. F., box 354, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do light house-
work, plain cooking, etc., sleeping at home.
628 O'Farrell st.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
or cooking. Apply 111% Polk st.
NURSE wishes a place as nurse to a gentle-
man or lady; references exchanged. Box 356,
Call office.
WANTED— By American widow, position as
housekeeper; good cook, seamstress and
laundress; references; city or country. 904
Capp st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ai!s and subscriptions taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED— 31AL.E.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42G.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
t«I. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 322 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CERTIFICATED engineer, used to hoisting,
winding and stationary engines, wants em-
ployment; good testimonials. Address H. F.
«.. 1059% Howard Bt
YOUNG man. German, 23, experienced bar-
tender, wishes situation; can serve drinks. C.
S'H.MIDT, 26 Minna st
WAITER wishes situation as indoor servant or
for private boarding-house; good city ref-
erences; wages $15 to $18. Box 344, Call office.
YOUNG man, as assistant barkeeper, wishes
position In city or country-; 2 years' experi-
ence in East. Address box 337, Call office.
I WANT work— Young, good clerk, salesman or
office man; any kind acceptable. Box 343, Call.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wants a
situation in hotel or shop. Box 331, Call office.
JAPANESE couple want situation; man to do
cooking, wife as househelper or nurse, etc. ;
city or country. Address F. M., box 355, Call.
A NO. 1 manager and salesman want 3 situa-
tion either position; 15 years' experience as
buyer; can handle any line; best of reference.
_ Address box 353, Call Office.
WANTED-Positlon in Cental office by Benior
dental student. W. C. D., 17 San Carlos aye.
MARRIED man, age 30, desires work of any
kind; understands the care of horses, driv-
ing and all around work. Box 350, Call.
YOUNG man. understands work around pri-
vate place, desires position In city or coun-
try. Address box 585, Call office.
WANTED— By five young men positions on
ranch picking fruit or to make themselves
generally useful. Box 347, Call office.
STRONG young man, married, wishes work of
any kind; has worked In furniture and can
drive team. Address J. M., 229 Eighth St.
SHIP'S surgeon, M.D., 8.C., Cambridge Uni-
verslty. England. L.S.A. London, M.D. San
Francisco, 2 years with P. and O. S. S. Co.,
wishes re-engagement on any steamer requir-
ing such officer. Box 3CO, Call office.
WANTED— By young man (German), kitchen
work, waiting, saloon or other work; city or
country. Address H. VIELITZ, 632 Mission
st, room 19.
BARTENDER wishes position In city or coun-
try; good references. Address A., box 355,
Call office.
WANTED- Situation as coachman by English-
man; thorough all round man and servant;
correct size. Address M. W., 952 Valencia st.
Y< iI'NG man wants situation; any kind of
work: understands horses, cows, garden; ref-
erence. Add. J. A. McDONALD. 214 Third st.
AN opportunity to acquire actual business ex-
perience In bookkeeping with reliable firm,
by young man Of L'o; graduate of business col-
lege; $6 per week. Box 455, Call office.
EXPERIENCED rectifier and compounder of
liquors desires position; best references; mod-
erate salary- Box 360, Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
Metodist Gospel Hall, 734 Jackson St., near
Stockton.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and be.sgage to and from ferry.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
TWO waitresses, country hotels, $20; 2 cham-
bermaids to wait, S"0; arm and check wait-
ress, $6 week, country; 6 restaurant waitress-
es, $6 and $6; 2 women cooks, $30. C R
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK and laundress, country, $25, see party
here; also middle-aged colored woman to as-
sist for same place, $10; housekeeper for San
Jose, $20; German second girl, $20. C. R
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
NUMBER of good housegirls for city and coun-
try places, $15 to $25; also young girls to
assist. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NCHSE, care of child 5 years and sew, $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GIKL to sew, tailor shop, Santa Cnii. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
GIRL, light work, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
INFANT'S nurse, $25. MISS CULLEN, 525 Sut-
ter Bt.
SECOND girl, country, $2oT MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse girl, country, $U. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress. $5 per week. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS. $30. private family. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, railroad house, country, $20. MISS
LI.LLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HEAD waitress, $20 per month; waitress, $20,
private boarding-house. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
WAITRESS. Alameda, $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter Bt.
NEAT refined cook, young, $25, Santa Cruz,
must wait at table, see party here. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NEAT young girl, light work, $15, no cooking.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, $16. MISS CULLBN. 325
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl or woman as companion to one
lady and light work, $10. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK, country, $30, see lady here, 11 o'clock.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
COOK, $35, German style, city; two cooks, $25
each. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $25; hotel cook, $25; house girl,
$25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
GIRL for bakery. $20; second girl, $20; nurse
girl, $12; young house girl, no cooking, $10;
house girl, country. $15, light place; German
house girl, two in family, $20. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter st.
WOMAN and young daughter, 12 to 16. for
cooking and housework, small boarding-house,
country, $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl. 1201 3~ German.
French and Protestant cooks, $25; 3 cooks,
boarding-houses, $25; 2 laundresses, hotel and
resort, $17 and $20; 7 waitresses and chamber-
maids, $20, $2j. and $."> and $6 a week; colored
cook, 2 In family, $25; and a large number of
girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO
310 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook; no washing; private fam-
ily; Santa Cruz County; $30. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WAITRESS for the springs, $20, see party here;
waitress, nice country notel, $20. MURRAY
& READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— German woman as housekeeper $13
to $20; French chambermaid for lodging-
house, $20; girls for housework, $20 and $15-
second work and sewing, $20. LEON ANDRE,
316 Stockton st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st, girls of all na-
tionalities wanted to (ill various positions.
RESPECTABLE housekeeper, not over 30, for
Washington. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
LADY'S traveling companion for vacation;
month's trip south; experienced. 313 Bush.
2 OFFICE matrons; laundry bookkeeper; law
office stenographer, $12. 313 Bush st.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper; young lady
for photographer's parlors. 313 Bush.
STENOGRAPHER with vocal talents to trav-
el; position of trust; references. 313 Bush.
GIRL for housework, no washing, plain cook-
ing, 120; also girl tv chamberwork. 631
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BOY, age 16, for store, $4 week: German girl,
feneral housework, $20; first-class waitress,
an Jose $25; girl, second work and sewing,
$15. Pacific Employment Office, 835 Market.
WANTED— An Intelligent and trustworthy girl
to do housework; wages $25 per month; refer-
ences required. Apply at Bisters of the Holy
Family, Hayes and Fillmore sts., to-day bet.
• 10 and 11 o'clock. i
WANTED— young girl to do general house
work In a family of 3; wages $10. Call at 1950
Bush st., between 8 and 12 a. m.
WANTED — Young lady who speaks good
French for conversational purposes; answer |
in French. Box 336, Call of floe.
WANTED— First-class laundress and chamber- |
maid. Apply at 2202 : Broadway, between 9 j
and 2 o'clock: to-day.
WANTED— girl for cooking; 2 in fam-
ily. Call after 1 o'clock, 705 Pierce st.
WAIST hands and improvers to dressmaking. j
404 Larkln st.
YOUNG girl : for general housework and cook-
ing. Call before noon, 162$ Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES wanted at Model Restaurant,
1212% Polk St., near Sutter; call early. .••-.-.
GERMAN girl for plain cooking and tend
store. 637 Broadway. ■ .
GIRL under 35 for housework for Los Angeles
Co. Particulars at 706 Ellis st. j
YOUNG girl for housework. 131« Stelner st.
GIRL for light housework; with references. I
Call 9 to 12. 1310 Ellis st._
WANTED— for general housework. Apply
838 O' Parrel! St. I
ERRAND-GIRL wanted. 761 Market st. cos- |
, tunics.
GIRLS wanted for bushellng on men's clothes.
'J4S Folsom st.
EUROPEAN cook, general housework, 2 in I
family. Call before 10, 1342 Hyde st.
GIRL for light housework and to assist with
children. 844 Halght st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
2228 Clay St., corner Buchanan.
NEAT young nursegirl with references, to care
for baby, $10. Apply 233 Third aye.
WANTED— Second girl; small family; suburb;
permanent home; moderate wages. Box 276
Call office.
GIRL for general housework In German fam-
ily, $15 per month. 3401 Geary st.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; position!
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School. 1079 Market
■t.; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
HELP WASTED-MALE.
FRENCH chef, $100; French chef, $75; French
second cook, $70; German head and second
cooks, country hotel, $S0; head cook, $50: sec-
ond cook, $30, same hotel second cook, hotel.
$60; second confectioner, hotel, $40; broiler,
hotel, $40; second cook, hotel, $35; third cook.
spring hotel, $30; poultryman, country hotel,
$20; classman, country . hotel, $20; waiter,
country restaurant, $30; waiter for an officers'
club, country. $25; 4 waiters, different places.
$-0, $25 and $35; neat young man to carry off
dishes, hotel dining-room, country. $15. c
R. HAN SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
IRONER $30 and washer $25, to do the laundry
work in an institution; marker and distribu-
ter, country laundry, $30 and found; marker
and distributer, $35; plain laundrvman,
restaurant, $20 and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook and assist on th
range, summer resort, $50. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
CAMP cook: see party here, 9 o'clock; $40. C
R. HANSEL & CO., 104 Geary st,
MAN and wife ; for a private place In th
country; $40; see party here, 9 a. m. C. R.
HANSEN, & CO., 104 Geary st. ■
SIX farmers for a large fruit ranch, $20 and
board; « Scandinavian or German farmers
for an orchard, $20 and board; 20 farmers, for
haying and general farm work, $15, $17 50,
$20, $25 and $2« per month and board; wagon
maker, ror a ranch. $40 and board: vegetable
gardener, $25 and board. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
AYE are still shipping rock men and bridge
carpenters to Alaska, $3 and $3 50 a day; re-
duced fares, summer's work. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
EIGHTY 2- horse scraper teamsters for new
railroad work; free fare; to go this morning;
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A ■ MURRAY & READY ~H
WANTS TO-DAY : —
2179 men for different positions — —
555 railroad laborers — : $1 75 day
500 railroad teamsters $1 75 day
25 dumpers — $2 day
25 snap drivers ■ — ■ — — — — — : — _s2 day
25 whaler loaders^- — :: — — — - — — $2 day
22 haymakers '■ — — $26 and found
25 farm and orchard hands $26, $25 and $-•.>
5 choreboys and men for ranches — —$10 and $15
Vegetable gardener — — ■ $26
6 fruit pickers $16 and $20 and found
25 laborers, city work $1 75 day
8 milkers, different places— $25 and found
15 2-horse teamsters, city Jobs $1 75 day
3 butter makers $25 and found
Choreman for residence $20 and found
Stableman, city Job ■ $35
264 woodchoppers : —$1 50 cord
ISS tie makers 80, 9c. lie each
—MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
A— DRY goods clerk, country store, $50. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— ENGINEER, Bull donkey engine, sawmill
company; spool tender, $2 day, sawmill com-
pany. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
WHEELWRIGHT for country shop; black-
smith's helper for country shop. ;.•:: -
MURRAY & READY.
■ 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MINERS MINERS MINERS
15 more gold miners, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY,
-634 and 636 Clay st.
A— FOR A GREAT — — SYNDICATE
MURRAY & READY,
-634 and 636 Clay st.
A— s44 MONTH and found- ■ laborers
15 common laborers, no experience required,
for a mining company.
MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk, $15 and found, near city.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— farmer and wife, $40; chore-
man and wife, $45; blacksmiths, $3 to $3 50
day; 3 gravel miners; 3 woodchoppers, $1 25
and $1 50 cord; bark peeler, $26 and found;
hostler, $25 and found; buggy washer: black-
smith for mine, $2 50 day; 2 wagon and car-
riage smiths, $3 to $3 50 day; laundryman,
$12; farmers and milkers, $30; Swiss gardener,
$25 to $30; and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Steward for country; 2 second
cooks, $10 to $12 week; bellboy, $10 week; third
hand baker, $11 week; waiters, cooks and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628
Sacramento st. -
WANTED— Cheesemaker, short distance, $40
per month; Swiss milker, near city, . $30: 2
milkers. $20; 10 farm hands. $20 and $26;
choremen on ranches, : $15 and $20; strong
choreboy on ranch, $15; 2 n>>re miners, $62
per ! month ; ', 2 woodchoppers, .. $1 50 per cord,
tools furnished; 2 sfrong boys for factory, $3
per week to start; and others; choreman,
near city, $25. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay.
WANTED— for restaurant, $35; waiter,
plain country • boarding-house, $20; waiter
hotel, $20; young man around private coun-
try place, $15; shirt Ironer, $30 and found
French plain ironer, country, $20; dishwasher,
$4 a week; pot washer, $25; cook, small place
$30, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
SECOND butler, $25, country. MISS CUIr-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. »
HEAD : bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house at
once; 2 cellarmen; bottler. 313 Bush st.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 318. Bush st. '
CLERK for storeroom; bookkeeper; shipper'
barkeeper; German grocery clerk. 813 Bush.
BOY used to horses to assist milk wagon- 16
to 18 years old. Corner Twentieth and Con-
necticut sts. ; Third st. electric cars.
WANTED— Firat-claag washer. Apply to La
Grande Laundry, 23 Powell St., between 9
and 12 o'clock. ;
BO Z '■ wanted to drive butcher wagon and take
care of horses: live with employer. Call 233
Fillmore St., before 9 o'clock.
WANTED— First-class carriage painter, steady
Job and good wages. Apply lsay View Car
rlage Factory, San Rafael.
C 2^ P E n L NT A 8A 8h °«naker. $30 per month, room
irn a «- d ,' ApP i y earl to J - p - JOHNSTON
& CO.. Bi2 Broadway, Oakland. ■
YOUNG mail, ' light •■ T k !In lodging house;
_SkX a^ ' 9 a t un<iry: no w £ fts Al » hi
ww s A pR T E^ts, g^ d .a-, t r y to j ~
B r Y th«?mal «« n M Pr ? 8 ! Seam8 ' press vests -
k. THOMAS. 718 Market st.
B 2 Y , who lives with his "^parents to work In
baker shop. 612 Kearny st.
P st^ er WaD^ °° OUBtom coats -
APPRENTICE ion fine coats; must know sew-
ing and pressing. ; 9 Geary St.. room ; 14.
B Cmy ER; Stetldy young man Preferred. 623
ami ,f a Want for Wednesday., Saturday
and Sunday. 2604 : Sutter at::,::.. ; -. .•,-.*>
B^ BER J wanted~lor~ Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays. 701 Larkln st. ;:. : ..■; .. *
BARBER wajit«a at ISM Marks* ss» . ■
- — ■ — 1. -■ ■ rara_~vz? ,
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED — Bootblack for barber shop, $7. 141
Ellis st.
WANTED— A second cook at 50 Third st.
WANTBD-A good barber. 132GH Pacific st.
"Al" SOLICITOR; must l.c a rustler; big
profits. Address Immediately box 329, Call.
DISHWASHER; good worker. Apply 438 Third
street.
WANTED— A good third hand on bread. 143
Eleventh st.
WANTED— Buahelman by the day. 829 Geary
street.
SHOEMAKER wanted for repairing. 1025 How-
ard st.
GOOD tailor wanted for busheling at 625
Commercial st.
RECRUrrsT wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
SO years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intontlnn to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 3
feet 6 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
EJHs St.. San Francisco, Cal.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO., room 515, 32S Montgomery. S. F.
GROCERY clerk for Marin County; give full
particulars. Address S. M., Eastland P. O.
GOOD young shoemaker with small capital;
! run a shop. 3119 Sixteenth st. "
' M;:.V to learn barber trmle in 4 weeks, $15.
1542 Market st.
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room, 2,' c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis.
WANTED— Laborers an.l mechanic* to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 100 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 6.
F. Barber College, 1384 Eighth St.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 2oc a night; reading room;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, J2 50; men'l
soling", 3jc; only one price. 930 Howard Et.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Kteuart st.
BARBERS' Asß'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED — Seamen and ordinary seamen for
Al«ska, Puget Sound, Mexico, etc.; apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Linilell House, Sixth and Howard Etd.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
TRY Acme House, 557 Market Ft., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
STEADY man in established cash business;
must have some money; no experience re-
quired. 1021 Market St.. room 2.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1104.
GOOD barber shop; must be sold to-day. Call
at 25% Sixth St., cigar store.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
CATALOGUE of war emblems, flags, etc., frea.
L. N. CUSHMAN. 34 Oliver St., Boston, Mass.
AGENTS. Investigate Seribner's Magazine pre-
mium offer; a sure winner. Call or write
121 Pheian building.
A f \'TS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendidly illustrated; only authentic book to
be published: free outfit nnw ready; actnulck.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside bldg., Chicago.
HOUSES WANTED.
HOUSE of 6 rooms, central, wanted; no chil-
dren; good price offered. 123? Market St.
FURNISHED rooming house wanted by East-
ern parties; give good price. 123 M Market st.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED rooms for 2 medical Ftudents,
with private family. Call 123. Market st.
SUITE of furnished rooms wanted for doctor's
office; central. 1239 Market st.
WANTED— Suite of 4 furnished rooms for den-
tal parlors; central. 313 Bush st.
FURNISHED room wanted for Eastern par-
ties at once. 313 Bu.*h st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Summer home on ranch near city
for 10-year-old girl; Protestant family. Box
355, Call office.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted in a well-located restau-
rant. O. LEUSCHNER. 235 O'Farrell st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.; highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
AMATEUR musicians to Join social orchestra,
A. MATHILY, 328 Bush St.
WANTED— A baby buggy. Address 208 Sheri-
dan st.
WANTED— Six round bottom tables and two
dozen chairs good and strong, cheap; cash.
Seventh aye. and D St., city.
WANTED — Second-hand baby carriage; must
be In good condition. Address H., box 3,
Call office, Oakland.
I WANT a safe scale stand desk, letter press,
coffee mill. Box :US, Call office.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MBS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished tranca
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced sha
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate. recovers lost,
stolen or buried property: locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life. past, pn-^-rit
and future, while in a perfect tranoe. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Se:;d stamp for i-irrular with,
special terms. MRS. I>K. F. %ARK, rooma
25 and 26, 1206 Market st., opposite Sixth.
A— IF you want a lot of information the l>est
clairvoyant and palmist in God'a creation la
Mrs. Savior; reads ore, etc.; full names; la-
dles, 25c: gents. 50c: mail, $1. ISIS* Market
St., near Eleventh.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
sight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
SOc.gentsJl; palm, and clair. sit. $1 &0. UM Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE. 1346 Marked stT;
trance medium; unites the separated; changes
luck; locates burif>l treasures; letters prompt-
ly answered; inclose stamp.
MME. LENEMAR; fortunes told by planets;
predicted in "74 overdue steamer on Island.
23^ Sixth st.
MME. MOREAII, best medium and card
25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; buslnesa
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT! card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
?sslon; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post at.
SPIIUTIALISM.
MRS. FULTON XULE"?, materializlng^seiincvj
to-night and Friday night, 50c; sittings. 1513
Geary st.
AT 111 Lorkln st.. 8 p. m.. lecture by boy
orator; tests by Mrs K. Cowell.
MRS. DR. STEWERT. Chloago^nedlum and
rr.agnetist; sit. dally $1. 1260 Grove st., Oak.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium, 311 Main; sick-
ness a specialty; circles Friday, 2 p. m., 250.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212' 2 Sixth st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia St.; read^
Ings $1; cir. Tiies., Fri., 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 200.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing m«-
dium. US Halght st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute 402% Geary; n^'pnotTsnTtaughti
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
ATTORNEYS AT LAw!
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections.
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe. 103Larkin.
L S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar^
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matter* T. F.
Stack. 14 McAllister St., room 64._____^nUSIXESS CHANCES.
PARTNER lUher taul J\«r «wttemaa,
menu ?- , V, '7 ln ,, a we .» trying restaurant;
™6 Market _tl "^ Cap ' tal nl> - M " LESS
"street V" ' > « "I" 11 Market; great business
tin re & >ears; other business cause of sale-
'•• LESS. 76t Market st
$1100— CORNER saloon and liquor store, prlncl-
_•*> I ll *« $ cart of city; old establWdf large ;
ltsdf f^l me fl xtures : business speaks for
«£ \ full ' nve stigation to prove that this
?he£ BforC8 for Ct v ally '"'l $1500; present owner
AddTs- m LKs^^'v"^ compelling sale.
Jan P bunding b ' <65 Market St " °PP° s 'te Phe-
s4oo- Bakery; principal street, heart of city
er^Lv 00 "-^ r/r /' nt $25: , haklnK [I bbls. flour
invthf^ £ l .»" tore trade : Impossible to find
Market st thlS Une ' M ' LESS - 7( *
J350-6ALOON iOli 0 1 Mission st - between factories
and wholesale houses; rent $30: living rooms"
first class paying: owner seriously sick- must
be sacrificed. Call WILKE. 845 Market li
* 2 £ 5 -. PARTNER want *d t r7 first-class paying
business; easy to learn and clearing for each
£ ar m L about ISO per month; a clean and
ket *t ° Particulars WILKE. 845 Mar-
* lo ,s« - OLD, -ESTABLISHED bar-room oli
! i^T'. it, Close to Chronicle building; rent
$100; doing a good paying business; only flrst-
■ ™ E -Tif lar K« stock on hand. See
MILKE, ,*3 Market st; new number 845.
I BARROOM doing a flrst-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent $50; a rare <-.islnes« open-
ing. «^ll WILKE, 7!>3 Market St.. new -num-
ber MS.
A-J6OO RESTAURANT In the very best loca-
tion, doing a rushing business: first-class
prices and best class custom; low rent. In-
qulre WILKE. 753 Market st.
$2500— OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon In choicest
• down-town location, with building; long
lease; doing a first-class paying business;
other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
WILKE. 753 Market st.
$250-GROCERY and bar; estab. many years
and always doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; ■i living rooms; rent $20: a great sacrl-
"CP" CP - Particulars, WILKE. 845 Market St.
J3 ?V^- ■HNKK saloon; bargain. McLAUGH-
LIN, 23 Kearny st.
* RESTArRANT; bargain. Mci^AUGHLIN,
23 Kearny st.
$350 — CIGAR and stationery store; 2 rooms;
rent $20; a snap. McLAU GHLIN. 23 Kearny.
$325— GROCERY and bar; pays well; living-
rooms; rent $20; bargain. MCLAUGHLIN, 23
Kearny st.
$125— STATIONERY, variety and cigar store;
pays weil; cheap rent; 3 furnished rooms;
must sell, account of sickness. McLAUGH-
LIN. 23 Kearny st.
$250— PARTNER anted In good paying butcher
shop; fine horse and wagons; no experience
necessary: owner prefers partner to hired
help. Bee McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$475— COFFEE saloon and branch bakery; fine
store trade; 3 furnished rooms; great bar-
gain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$350— CORNER saloon; good stock fixtures; pays
well; 1000 people ployed In the neighbor-
hood. MCLAUGHLIN A: CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$175— GROCERY, bar; 4 living rooms and
stable. McLAUGHLIN. 23 Kearny si.
A— EDO & CO. — ■■ -2_i4 Geary st
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$2000— Drug store; good chance for practical
man.
$350— Koadhouse; San Bruno road; furniture.
$500 — Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms.
Jl75 — Grocery and bar: give-away.
»— Delicacy; fine corner; with living room*.
$450 — Best shooting galler--; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
A— CIGAR stands from $200 to $500; best part
Market and Kearny. KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st.
PARTIES desiring to sell their business
promptly for cash. HEALY. 917 Market st.
GRAND chance for steady man as part-
ner In saloon and lunch house; owner In other '
business; cannot give it his whole attention.
_ HEALY. ill Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; a good bargain,
JllOO; new and second-hand variety store.
$250; saloon In very good location.
$300 and $125; restaurants for sale.
$200; partner wanted in old-established cash
business. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market St.
GREATEST bargains in the market; patent
rights; business chances. 1239 Market st.
$25,000 TO Invest in various business enter-
prises through Clerks' Exchange. 1239 Market.
WINE BUSINESS.
Partner with means by experienced man to
establish safe, profitable business; best ref-
erences given and required. Box 335. Call.
J3'X>— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work: no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial Riven: $20 to $30 a week
-ach can be made. 9 Geary St., room 2.
K'.iO— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, steady j
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
FOR Sale s4oo: fine candy store and Ice cream j
parlors; has elegant soda fountain and fix- ,
tures: clears $75 to $100 monthly; trial given.
Box 333. Call office.
$22'>0— FOR sale; CO-room lodging house, central; j
half cash; would take good trade; going to |
Klondike; house now full. Address Owner,
box 512, Call office.
PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons; 2 '
routes; 3 horses; milk depot; . cheap; owner
leaving town. U. 8 , box 7. Call, Oakland.
}2jo— Candy and icecream store, 3 furnished
living rooms: a bargain for any one. Pacific
• Coast Exchange. 1211 Market st.
FOR SALE— Blacksmith shop; good business.
40C Eleventh st.
FOR SALE— Restaurant and chop house; oppo-
site the ferries. Call at 18 East st.
$250— PIONEBR Rest. 132 Fourth st. Apply on
premises: cash receipts large; investigate.
OLD established plumbing shop for sale cheap,
2325 California st.
$50— LRTNER; neat established paying busi-
ness. Box 341, Call office.
SHOE Store and repairing for sale. 4102 Nine-
teenth st . near Castro.
FINE 2-chalr barber shop for sale cheap; great
offer. Inquire at 1119 A Folsom st.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; $150; - trial
given. 701 Larkin st.
WANTED— To purchase a grocery business;
up tpwn; two-thirds cash. Call 1239 Market.
|200— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
given: short hours; duties light. 31 Third St.,
room 1: apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
|200— SALOON In the Richmond district; a bar-
gain. Address box 834, Call office.
H.MALI, restaurant for sale cheap; well fitted
up. At 967 Mission »t.
FOR SALE — Home bakery, notions, tamale*;
good trade; cheap rent. 1813 Howard st.
CIGAR stand near Call, Examiner and Chron-
icle buildings; cheap; account of other busi-
ness. 33 Third st.
$400— RESTAURANT for sale; bent location in
the city: owner going to Klondike. Box 357,
Call office.
POSITIVE bargain; fine corner saloon; 4 liv-
ing-rooms; rent $20. 831 Sixth Bt.
SHOOTING gallery and cigar stand, doing
good business, cheap. Call at 815 Kearny st.
BARGAIN Is offered man wishing a good sa-
loon business. Particulars at 33 Third st.
FOR sale— Well-stocked stationery, cigar, toy
and news agency Btore; bargain; sickness
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTI&3 &
WELCH, Bansome st^ -
GOOD paying restaurant for sale. Apply 611
Castro st.
FOR Cheap; a butter. egg* and delicacy
stall with fine trade; Investigate this. Grand
Western Market, cor. Polk and Austin sts.
$400— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; all rented;
saloon doing fine business; best location in
city; rent $20 month. Box 649. Call office.
BAZAAR— paying business: must sell;
full Investigation asked and desired. Ad-
dress M.. box 44. Call office. .
$275— C0 RN ER grocery and bar; clean stock;
2 living rooms; rent $20. 117 Fillmore st.
CORNER saloon for sale; cheap for .'cash. ,1121
Harrison st. ■
GROCERY store for sale Inquire at 220 First
St., northwest corner Tehama. i
$100— CIGAR store. Northwest corner Kearny
and California sts.
FOR sale— 2 old-estati.lshed groceries and bars;
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
$400— A SNAP; oil business; 19 Sixth St.; value
In Bight, $1000; wagons, horses, etc. PHIL-
LIPS, ■:' ■ '.
$4CO— RESTAURANT In country town for sale;
no cash rent to be paid. It being taken out
in board; good transient trade and several
regular boarders. For particulars address box
678, Call Office. .- ...
WANTED— Good restaurant man with small
capital. Call at Terminal Hotel. Halght and
Stanyan sts. .■ ■ . ■..-•-..-.-.,■
FOR — Call route at San Jose: . for par-
ticulars apply at Call business olllco or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose. ..
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
TO LEASE.
TO LET — Academy Hall, corner Mission and
Mary sts.; remodeled &nd refurnished. Apply
<*& the premises or L. ALTSCHUL; 220 Clay.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FREIGHT GUARANTEErPrO DAWSON.
First-class steamer sailing Immediately for
St. Michael with guaranteed river connec-
tions; 250 tons space in large or small lots at
reasonable rates; also accommodation for 10
passengers^ Write or call at once. Yukon
River Steamboat Co., room 8, C 32 Market st.
FOR Dawson, Alaska Venture Co. Steamship !
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10, !
connecting with the speediest steamer on tha \
Yukon, the F. M. Smith; unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers; before
making contracts call at general office. 6JO
Market st.
FOR SALE— A trip to Klondyke and a year's
provisions free. Apply 1501 Market st^
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay-Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tlonn and want ads taken.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDcTXTx) 22H Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 500
houses: all sizes; all prices.
Following are a few special bargains:
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
38 rooms; worth $2500, for 1300
2" rooms; sunny corner; bargain at $2000.. 1600
20 rooms; rent only ?f>o 750
Many large houses from -VI to 500 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO., 22V4
Geary st.
A— s3so; AUCTION price; 14 rooms; carpets
worth the money; elegant. KREDO & CO.,
2254 Geary st.
DECKER'S BARGAINS. ♦
ALL SIZE? AND PRICEP.
FOR CASH PATMENTB OR EXCHANGE.
SKK HIS LIST BEFORE BUYING.
28-room boarding house $3500 ;
24 rooms; transient; clears $150 500 |
25 rooms on Market: clears $100 600
36-room house; 2 fronts; offer wanted
4 M-rootn houses; from $300 to 1600
3 50-room houses: from $1400 to WOO
7-room flat on Geary Ft 250
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. sth.
jinoo— l." >] >■ ;iN"'". house north of Market st. ;
cost $1500: leaving the State cause of sale.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny s^
CENTRAL, nicely furnished; full of roomers;
16-rm. house; paying. Shoe store, KQ O'FarrelL
BUY of owner: $7M cash; 21-room house; cen- j
tral and full of steady roomers; rent $<">0 '
month: Invstltrate this. Pox ?,\C. Call office.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms. $30; sunny flat. 6
rooms; cheap rent. Room 213. Claus Spreck-
els building.
CHAMBER set. G pieces, $5; 1 marble-top set,
7 pieces. }?. 424 Tfhama st.. near Fifth.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
|5 "per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts . San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
I ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farretl st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all i
grades and prices. Terms easy ; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. i
OWING to school vacation we have too many
renting pianos on hand. Do you want a
enap? Fine uprights. $125, $14"). $l.".0; best
ever offered for the money. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. Chlckering agts.
GOOD Emerson $50. another $75: an elegant
$450 piano $175, another $200; quick spot cash
sales. J. DEWING CO.. second floor, Flood
building. Fourth and Market sts. j
CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary st, cor. Grant ]
aye., offer three ways to buy a plßn<. ; no j
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Maury. Newby. Evans, j
Briggs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 30S, SlO, 312 Post St.
BARGAIN— Concert grand autoharp. new: cost
}U,A; must sell (soldier). H. MULLER, 2
Latham place.
t" INSTALLMENTS, upright pinno. fine order,
$?5; Harelton square, $75. 221 Leavenworth st.
BEST goods; lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— SIOO. $125. $150: agency famous
Haln^s BKML W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st. j
GREAT bargains: Decker, Schubert, Stelnway,
NVuman, others. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
"AD" stiiHll^st: ['rice lowest; uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hibornla Bank. SCHMITZ
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, rlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 I^tham place.
HORSES.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har- '
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard St.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies, i
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.; auction sales rvery Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, l.arness of all
kinds; 40 horses: mxist sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.'
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ALMOST new surrey, pole and double harness;
also single harness; cheap. 1223 Fell St.
3-SEATED carriage, canopy top. Inquire 532
Valencia st. ;
20, TEN and four-passenger .wagonettes,
leather-top hack, physician's coupe and vil-
lage cart suitaWe for country. O'BRIEN 4
SONS, Golden Gate aye. and Polk St.
FINE laundry, baker's and mi'k wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
bugsy: also 1 hack 82S Harrison st.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
Eecond-hand and new wagon: cheap. Bull'j
Head Repository. Fifteenth ,nd Valencia.
FOR sale — New Btudebaker phaeton. 1712
Eddy st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vthlcies. Lle-
boM Hainesa Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Mull
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ASK to fee the $12 solitaire diamond ring: ask
to see the $15 solitaire diamond ring, at
UNCLE HARRIS*. 15 Grant aye.
GOOQ family cow for sale. 1621 Noe st.
BRANCH home bakery. F32 Valencia st.
GAS fixtures very low; lar^e assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
$70 WHITE sewing machine $25, on account
of owner going away. 638 Fulton st^
KLONDIKE dog for sale cheap. Address box
852, Call office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2fl-hand. Smith Co., 627 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
BOILER, engiqes, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 614-516-518 Mission st.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 757.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
DfTOBH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever Hermann Safe Mafc. 533 Sacramento.
EAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
Bl*e»; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONEB. $10; Records, $5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1C63 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACIIINKS.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap: repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold,
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing, lowest raf'H. 2".~. Fourth -U.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater; summer
term begins this month ; for teachers and
students; 1-6 p. m. dally. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID, Principal.
A V RES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $4"; l° w rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry, Ph. B, Fel-
low in Mathematics, V. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING\BchooI; civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
es f. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught In one month: terms $10;
students should iovestigate. 712 Van Ness. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 15, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TO WN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali
fornia and Lake sts. ; prices will surpris.
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st
SUNNY house, 6 rooms, bath; In good condi-
tlon, $IS. 2828 Pine st.
FL'RMSHEU HOUSES TO LET.
VERY fine residence of 12 roomsT~2~baths, ali
modem improvements, worth $150, can be had
3 months by right party for $C'U
A modern house, S rooms and bath; piano;
running water every room; sunny; a bar-
gain $40
A good house, 9 rooms and bath; neatly fur-
nished; within walking distance $50
A good house; fine garden: sunny rooms;
good location; owner must take family away;
good lease $50
A magnificent house; 16 rooms; elegantly
furnished; quiet neighborhood; long lease to
proper party $100
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403-4, Examiner building.
GROVE. SIS. bet. Webster & Fillmore— Sunny
furnished flat: 6 rooms; piano; flower garden;
stable if desired; rent reasonable; references
given & required; call between 10 and 2.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furai :hed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:80 and
4 pm.
COTTAGES TO LET.
GEARY, 2253— Fine cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
cellar; mirrow-top mantels; $13.
$20— GOTTAGE, 5 rooms; prettiest In city; new;
2953 Twenty-first St.: key at corner grocery-
FLAT* TO LET.
A— WE want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $35: all our flats are reduced;
get Hst. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms. 28 Rltch st.,
near Third and Folsom.
BOWIE aye., 5, off Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall,
bay-window ; cheap to small family.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— A nice flat of 3
rooms one of 2 rooms; $7 and $5.
ELEGANT modern upper flat, 7 rooms, bath
and basement; rent ?IS. SO2S^4 Buchanan St.,
near Filbert.
FIFTEENTH, 21j6, north of Market— A sunny,
modern flat of 6 rooms, bath and basement;
rent cheap. Inquire 324 Kearny St., or EAS-
T" >N & ELDRIDGE.
FULTON, US— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
FLATS. 5 and 6 rooms. $12 and $14: also cot-
tage, 4 rooms, $10. Key 623 Second St., near
Buchanan.
FLATS— Upper flat, 4 choice sunny rooms, $13.
1120 Bmadway.
LEAVENWORTH, 1523— Flat of 6 roomB; hot
and cold water; bath; rent $14.
MARKE' 4— Branch office of Th< Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
FURNISHED FLATS.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat, five rooms; for
the summer; no children. Box T>42. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A — SUITK of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; 12 60 per week; suitable for
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion st.. between First and Second.
BUSH, 123^-3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
EDDY. 743 — 4-room parlor floor; also 4-room top
floor.
EDDY, Pl7— Very desirable front connecting
housekeeping; gas range; splendid location.
ELLIS. 518—2 housekeeping rooms: $15.
FIFTH. 353— Clean sunny furnished 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath. $21; also one, $7.
FIRST. 2S— 3 front sunny rooms for housekeep-
ing; rent $12 per month.
FOLSOM. 974— Sunny complete housekeeping
rooms In private family; $1 50 per week up.
FOLSOM, 1293. corner Ninth — 1 or 2 front rooms,
regular kitchen: $10, $15: gas, bath.
X" >LSOM, IM)3. corner of Fourteenth— 2 nicely
furnished sunny front rooms suitable for light
housekeeping; $12.
GEARY, 633-3 neat housekeeping rooms: rea-
sonable; bath: 5 minutes from Call office.
HOWARD. 511— Nice sunny front room, with
regular kitchen; complete for housekeeping;
$10 a month.
HOWARD. 10.=,9Vi— 2 sunny completely furnished
housekeeping rooms; $S; also other rooms.
HOWARD. 967— Nice sunny front housekeeping
rooms, single or double, furnished or unfur-
nished; private house; rent cheap.
JESSIE, 373. near Fifth and Market — House-
keeping, J6 nnd $9; private family.
LEWIS. 18, off Taylor, near Post— Unfur-
nished; 2 rooms and kitchen; reasonable.
LEXINGTON aye.. 156, near Eighteenth and
Valencia— Rent $5; furnished front room for
housekeeping.
MCALLISTER, 340—2 sunny front rooms com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; very rea-
sonable.
MINNA, 322 — Parlor suite; 2or J housekeeping
rooms; furnished complete.
MISSION. 1729^— Front room and kitchen, fur-
nished for housekpg; bath; laundry; cheap.
NINTH, 20— Large sunny bay window rooms,
complete for housekeeping; $S; running
water; gas.
OAK. 110—2 large sunny parlors, complete for
light housekeepg, cheap; also single room, $5.
PAGE. 131—2 sunny furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms; all conveniences; $11.
POLK, 1848—3 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping; rent $20.
SANCHEZ. 25, near Thirteenth— Upper floor,
4 rooms and bath; rent $15. water included;
private residence; no children.
SHIPLEY, 259—4' or 8 housekeeping rooms, $6
nnd $12. Inquire on premises or of owner,
1151 Guerrero St.
SIXTH, 227— Sunny front housekeeping suite
and other rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 314 — Front bay-window suite, with
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping; $12 mo.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month.
TURK. 543 — Large front room complete for
housekeeping; pas and bath; $11.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT The Randolph, 601 Post, single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week.
AT 603 Hyde. Sutter 715-717-719 — Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 4!t.
ARLINGTON Houae. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
m every respect; termc reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; preUy view;
quiet house: baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'FarreU. nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S, $10 mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant clean sunny rooms $5 up;
good home for ~uiet people.
EDDY. 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms. %"■> a month and up.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
ELLIS. 518 — Sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished. $16.
ELLIS. 637, corner Larkln — Pleasant newly fur-
nished rooms; single and double; reasonable;
bath.
FOLSOM, S2O, near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FURNISHED rooms for rent on Van Ness and
oth>T fashionable streets. Call 1239 Market.
GEARY, 556— Handsome front parlor, suites,
single and double rooms; light housekeeping.
GEARY, 622— Nice sunny single room, $8
month; also handsome front room; gentlemen.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard-
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping.
GLOBE Hous». 821 Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission-Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 335H (New Philadelphia House)—
Everything new: sunny rooms; ga»; baths
free; lowest rates.
HOWARD, 959— Nice rooms from $4 to $6 a
month in a quiet family.
HOWARD, 1806. corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $8.
HYDE, 1105— "The Victoria," nicely furnished
rooms with or without board.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
ruoms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
ROOMS TO Continued.
.IARKET. 1032— Thoroughly renovated newly
furnished sunny rooms, suites or single,
suitable for offices or doctor; also housekeep-
ing, $6 up. '■ . ; ■ .
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week. ,
MISSION, 1226— large sunny parlor; piano,
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
MORRIS aye., 119— sunny rooms; rent cheap.
MORRIS aye., 121—3 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
XATOMA. . 282V4, near Fourth— : unfurnished
front rooms. . . . ■
O'FARRELL. 126— Sunny furnished front room;
private family; bath; gas. ■ > • . • ■
O'FARRELL, New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 402, corner Taylor— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; front; reasonable; also unfur-
nished suite. * :
POST, 3Ss— Large front room and back room,
suitable for 2 men; gas; cheap.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, • 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
single or en suite, cheap; see them.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 328%— nice sunny unfurnished
rooms; rent cheap.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State House, .16-18 Mason Fur-
nished rooms; single, $150 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; ■- hot and cold water; transient solle-
ltei; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE,
proprietor.
SUTTER. 114S— Fur. sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
SUTTER, 1111— front suites. $12 month;
' single rooms, $5; very desirable neighborhood.
THIRD, IS— First floor; 6 rooms; all or 1 sepa-
rately.
TURK, 533— Nice sunny single and double
rooms in private family, $6 month up.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished . rooms; $8
up; bath. ,
ROOMS V.I) BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful: first-class every respect: board
optional. The Sirius, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
ELLIS, 51S— Nicely furnished rooms; best
' board; $5 per week.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— hands: thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board: beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
BCUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
BUTTER, 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board; select location; reasonable.
THE Oriel— With or without board: new. ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric liehts. bath, with board,; I
terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
or Infant. 3279 Seventeenth St.. near Mission.
LADY would like children to board; good home,
country-like; fine eggs. 912 Crescent aye. =
JESSIE. Good home for Infant or 1 or 1
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's care: references. 2P4H Sixth «t.
STORES TO LET.
STORE for rent: cheap; suitable 1 for a tailor
shop or milliner, variety. P. O. box 275,
Haywards.
FOLSOM. 911, near Fifth— Store, 6 light rooms;
yard; side entrance; $15. /
A— s2o; corner store, with living rooms: stable;
Eddy st, $12. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
HOWARD. 1802, corner Fourteenth— Store; 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
TO Let— floor of building, 1010 Howard st.,
near Sixth; 37:6x90 feet; 2 large lofts; suitable
for stable, milk depot, factory, storage, etc.
WANTED TO RENT.
OFFICES and stores wanted at once for new
arrival*. 1239 Market st. ..
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 679, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor; power available for straw
' works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
~ MEDICAL.""
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home In confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed: consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 6 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments ised; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home In confinement: consult free; hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women:
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc:, babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; -^elf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 59 McAllister
Ft.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all , female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution — pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female 'trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall;
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills nnd capsules $1; cure $5; by
the well known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. WINTERS & Dr. Schwartz, 852 Castro cor
7th, Oakland: reliable practitioners; home in
confinement; guar'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort, best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— price
$1 60: RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co./ 631 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. ARCHARD, midwife; home In confine-
ment; confinement alone $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL. 9 McAllister Bt. ; disease* of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetx; Infallible, safe rem-
edles: 38 years' experience. 254H Fourth st. '.
• TYPEWRITERS."
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for sample* and
price*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
YOST, rood order, $26: send for sample work.
SCOTT A BANNAN. 332 Montgomery »t.
-— —~™— — — — — -— ■ — - — -^^—
STORAGE. '•;
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, ; 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co. ;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. 0!. C. O'DONNELL. office and residency
>■ 1206 Market ; _ diseases of . women a specialty.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings,- 60c; crowns, $3 60; all
work . painless and ■< warranted. Chicago Den-
, tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1133.
NEW YORK Dentists— set of teeth. $5 up;
.painless extraction; fillings,- 25c up; old plates
made over , or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 869 Mis-
sion st., southeast corner of ; Sixth. ' ' ;
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144J Market st.. nr. Uth;
•no charge for extracting when plate* are
• made old plates • made over ; like - new; - teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given..
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, " discoverer .of , painless extracts- and
. patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 ■ up; ; fillings, : 26c • up; , : all . work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and ,F. TEAGUB.
'.■:, removed to • Call bldg., 6th floor, ; rms. ; CO3-607.
ALL : work « reasonable and ' warranted. ■' DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. . '
SET -of* teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
CHEAPEST and I best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent -to >■ any address vln • the United
States, postpaid.for $1 50 a year. :; - •;.'. ■*.
PERSONALS.
PLEASE ~c~air^l3~Tnlrd~BT.7 Oakland. MRS.
ADELINE MERSHEIMER HALL.
~ ~ ~ MATRIAIOJSY^^^^
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legimate matri-
monial assn. west of cmcago; details free.
MARRY— refunded if not suited within
6 months: send 12c for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
BELL." 11l Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal. -
BUSINESS 1 ERSONALS.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order:
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for instance, on a $20 suit.
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
MY artists give the most , careful attention to
each and all who come; hair dressing 23e
ontr; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
$3 60; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC Ilght3 In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $160 per night; $1 CO to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LATEST magical novelties, puzzles, conjuring
tricks; magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY,
765 Market st.
APPLY Quinonia to the roots of the hair. Q.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
GET a first-class shave at the lady barber's,
316 Third st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric vi-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 679 Geary st.
MAGICAL performances given lor all occasions;
magic taught. MAGICIAN HENRY. 309 Sixth.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
T.FMOP. 1117 Market st . bet 7th nnd Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
~ CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth «t. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor. work
send to . SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. , GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern ' Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth st. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201
J.- E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Garpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
~ ~ proposals!
PROPOSaXs^Fot the^repair of bituminous
- rock pavements— of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County
of San Francisco, June 8, U'SSS.
In accordance with resolution No. 1242 (fourth
series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
June 20, 1SS»8, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for repair-
ing and keeping in good order and condition,
to the entire satisfaction of the Superintendent
of Streets and of- the Board of Supervisors, all
streets or portions of streets, including street
crossings' and intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter paved with bituminous rock,
for a term of two (2) years from July 1, 18!>8,
to and including June 30, 1900.
The repairs are to be made in strict accord-
ance with specification* on file and open for
inspection In this ofile*.
A list oi streets and street crossings, etc.,
now paved with bituminous rock, and which
will require to be kept In repair, as above
stated, is also on file and open for inspection
in this office, and all streets or portions of
streets paved with bituminous rock and accept-
ed by the city and county, are included and
must be put in good condition and kept ' In
thorough repair, whether they are recited In
said list or not. All streets and street cross-
ings enumerated in said list must be put In
good repair and condition within a period of
three months from award •of contract, and
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
tion of the contract; in addition to all streets
or portions of streets paved with bituminous
rock and accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of th* contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond has been given and is in force for keep-
Ing the same in repair; also, those portions of
streets required by law to be kept in repair by
the street railway companies having tracks
thereon.
NOTlCE— Bidders must state a specific sum
for which the entire work will be performed,
with the understanding that monthly payments
will be made therefor to the extent of one-
twenty-fourth, of the sum bid. on a certificate
from the Superintendent of Streets/approved
I by the Board of Supervisors, that the work is
I being satisfactorily performed.
Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysis and a sample of the bituminous rock to
i be used in carrying out and performing the
j work under this contract.
And It is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
persons employed on the above work, and that
the minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
< be two ($2) dollars per day: also, that the
amount of the bond to be given will not be
I less than one-half the amount bid for. the per-
! formance of this work.
No bid will be received or entertained from
' any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant sufficient for the
performance of this work.
| The party to whom the contract Is awarded
j will be required prior to or at the time of the
I execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
I advertising this notice in three daily news-
; papers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
] itate the award, the board has resolved' to re-
■ ceive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five thousand ($5000) dol-
lars In favor of and made payable to the Clerk
of the board, must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned, if the proposal is accepted and
1 the contract awarded, and if the bidder shall
| fail or neglect to execute a written agreement
and give the bond required within six (6) days
after the award is made, then, > and in that
case, the said sum shall be paid into the city
and county treasury by said Clerk as liqui-
I dated damages for such failure and neglect
Blanks furnished by the Clerk. . .
| The board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tice is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 10 oVinnir
a. m. of June 24. 1898. for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of th» Ven-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School, building. / .
/ Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of said
-" building, to wit: 1. For the masonry work
Including all brick, concrete and cement
work and all necessary excavations and flu
. Ing; 2, for the iron work: 3. for the carpenter
plastering, electric- and placing .work- 4 for
the plumbing and gas-fitting work; 5, for the
tinning and galvanized . Iron work; 6 for
painting and varnishing.
No proposal will be considered unless ac- •
companied with a bond of such proposer
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal,, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties con-
<-'\<«ned' that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he wilt duly enter Into a proper con-
tract.
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and together
with the above-mentioned • bond, inclosed in
a sealed envelope, addressed •to the Trustees
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion
of the building is covered by the Inclosed pro-
posal, and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
tional Bank of San • Diego, California, before
10 o'clock a. m. .of June . 24, IS9B.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based ■ thereon will be made on
June 24. 1898. at 10 o'clock a. m., at room 35
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Cali-
fornia.
The contractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
board a good and sufficient bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for. the faithful and proper performance of
his contract." ■ .
The plans and specifications of. said build-
ing can be Been during business hours at the
office of Hebbarr" & Gill, architects. Grant
■ building. San Diego, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State Normal School of San , Diego, Cali-
fornia. • ' r
- By W.R. GUY. President Board Trustees.
Attest: ROBERT C. JONES. Secretary. .
BIDS Wanted— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by. the Board
of > Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
t ion at its office, room . 13, > 320 Sansome st.,
San : Francisco, Cal.. up to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, June 25. IMS, and opened imme-
diately thereafter in the presence of bidders,
for furnishing and delivering quartermaster
. and commissary supplies for the , Veterans'
Home, Napa ' County, Cal. (railroad station
Yountville), for: the six months commencing
July 1, -. 1898. and ending ■ December 31, IS9B.
Schedules with information and Instructions
' for submitting bids will be • furnished , upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully ' follow the conditions of the
' 'schedules, and * no bid will be considered un-
less It is In accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some well known and re-
sponsible banking < house >. for at ' least 1 10 ■ per
cent of the amount of hie bid, payable to J."
C. - Currier, ; treasurer, ■■ conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con- .
-tract ; upon : notice :of acceptance ;as ; required
■ '•" by law. ; The ■" board " reserves ' the ; right to
reject any or all bids and. to order any quan-
" tity over or under the amount : specified. • ; '
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, iS. * -etary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome
st., ; San Francisco, . Cal. By order of the
Board of Direr-tors.
"■■■:■■■■.-. J.J.SCOVHJLE, Secretary,'
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN^
Richmond cottage; 6 rooms, porcelain bath,
electric bells, all modern improvements; lot
25x120; terms easy; price $3000.
Walnut st., near Sacramento.; 8-room house;
all modern improvements; billiard room, etc.;
can be bought very chean.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY,
403 Examiner Building.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATBj
FOR Sale— A snap at 51200; 320 acres fine sto?£
grain and fruit land; large orchard; good s-
room house, barn, etc.
N0.6n— 1993 acres; finest kind of dairy ranch: 6o
fine Holsteln cows; 3 fine orchards; nice 9-room
house; large dairy houses and barns; fine oak
mast for hogs: nothing so low; price $18,000;
might entertain exchange of first-class prop-
erty.
No. 68 — A fine fruit ranch, about 7000 trees,
nearly all in full bearing; nice 9-room house;
tenant house; water piped all over the place;
all tools, etc.; price $12,000; $2000 cash, balance
long time.
No. 25 — 20 acres; great bargain: Contra Costa
County: 2 acres almonds; 2350 other trees; all
good bearing; four acres ground; good 4-room
house; all tools; price $1500.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY.
•403-404 Examiner Building.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— ln Oakland; Just completed, modern
In design and arrangement, 2-story 7-room
house: 3 minutes from local station; lot 40x
125; surroundings the best; a bargain; terms
to suit purchaser. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000 TO loan on furniture, pianos, etc. AL-
I>KX-<>AKFIELD CO.. 9i>2 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
SUNNY 8-room house; central; nice grounds, :
near trains; rent $50. Box L>, Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms; private boarding; large '
grounds; centrally located; convenient tc I
trains; references. 914 Castro St.
ARLINGTON Hotel. Washington and Ninth
Bts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates.
FINE sunny suite; also sunny cingle room; va-
cant June 1. THE I ~>RNE, Sfi? Eighth nt.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladles' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills. : JO Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND II KM II Hi: FOR SALB.
FURNITURE a- 1 household goods this week.
SCHRLLHAAS' old store. 408 Rleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1100— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; lot 35x125; close to
station and High School; street work,
sewer, cement walks, etc., complete.
$1300— Modern cottage and lot In good location;
any terms; snap.
$2200 — To close an estate: fine modern cottage,
C rooms; lot 00x140; best location; $1500 can
remain.
$3500 — Modern colonial cottage, 6 rooms; corner
lot; good location; very easy terms.
Fine list of furnished and unfurnished houses
to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St.,
Alameda.
FOR sale — $1100. very cheap, a nice little home
of 3 rooms and bath; lot 37:6x100. 403 Exam-
iner building.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— 5-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
«0x137; constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
KUEESE & CODINGTON. 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
NICELY furnished sunny suite with good
board; plain cooking; $50 a month for two.
MRS. N. C. Berkeley.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange for improved or unimproved
property in the city or Oakland, a first-class
10-acre ranch in Marin County: all under
cultivation: value $1600. Apply to MRS. M.
K. SMITH, 2-.l San <'arl,.s avenue.
GREAT sacrifice: 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses; full line farming Imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; good road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $801 cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 153 Third.
FINE fi. F. business property: part ca?h and
good home across bay. F. F.. box 565. Call.
PROPERTY 'WANTED.
STILL wanted— 2 or 3 ranches of from 60 to 200
acres; cash buyer. 313 Bush Ft.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth.; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
. COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
MONEY loaned on office and household furni-
ture and pianos; 2 per cent. P. KELLY, Real
Estate & Money Broker, 461 9th St., Oakland.
Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
WANTED— S7OO; country real estate, 12 per
cent. 105 New Montgomery st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist andT 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— SI4OO; first mortgage; from private
party only. Box 849. Call office.
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, ?2 Mason st.. bet. Market and Eddy.
LOST.
LOST— Collection book, name and address In-
side coyer, containing bill heads, checks and
currency, on Twentv-thlrd St., from Valencia
we»t to Chattanooga, to Twenty-first, to Noe;
checks stopped. Finder keep money and re-
turn rest to 504 Kearny St., room 1.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EDWARD PALMER. No. 164,194.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
' name of ANDREW J. HUDSON, No. 155,033.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— White fur boa In Golden Gate Park Sun-
day. Return to 2903 Folaom st., corner of
Twenty-firth, ami receive reward.
LOST— Scotch collie dog. female: coloii% dark
brown. Liberal reward if returned to gos
Taylor st.
SMALL diamond screw earring on Market st.,
between Sixth and Tenth; reward. 626 Stev-
enson st.
LOST— Bunch of keys. Return to Kast's Shoe
Store, 738 Market st. ; reward.
BROWN and white pointer dog. Finder return
to 2816 Folsom st.
LOST— GoId locket, with diamond setting, en-
graved C. W. on back; valued as a gift; re-
ward. Return to CHAS. WINTERS, Asses-
sor's office, City Hall.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SARAH CROMPTON; No. 223,34».
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of HANNAH LONG; No. 179.914. The
finder will please return to bank.
FOUND.
FOUND at Presidio, lady's cape. CaTTaTIIJ
Mission Ft.
RUNAWAY — Roan mart, caught on Pacific and
Kearny sts. 410 Montgomery aye.
FOR EXCHANGE.
BOARD, central, in exchange for trad* in dry
goods store. Box 373, Call office.
HAKRIAGH LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Charles W. Emmett and Mary J. McSabe..!6-21
William H. Caster and Frances Stephens.. .27-2o
J. Peter Schaefer and Eda Band 27-21
Giovanni Besso and Anna Cuneo 27-24
Arthur J. Barlow and Marguerite Meyers.. 3o-23
Ernest Coxhead and Helen B. Hawes 34-23
Walter T. Dwyer and Minnie E. Reagan.. Z3-21
George Bross and Eleanor J. Cattron 2S-ZJ
Archie C. Cleaver and Eda More 24-21
John J. Madden and Annie M. Kelly 22-23
Francis J. Priest and Katherlne E. Glbney. 26-24
William H. Carr and Mabel M. Haseltine.. 26-22
Joseph Magnln and Lottie Davis •••••••*?"i-2
R. J. Blennerhassett and Josephine Orth..2e-23
William Cooper and Sarah A. Ryder 74-tn
Charles D. Shearer and Clara E. Cox Ti-f
David C. Karlson and Flora Voas 31-24
Hunter Williams and Alice D01and...... ••24-K
William C. Opfer and Charlotte V. Finch. .2B-26
BIRTHS-MARRIAp II ™]^
BORN.
BOELL— In this city. June 14. 1898, to the wife
of A. H. Boell, a daughter.
GRAHAM-In San Jose June 11, 1898, to tha
wife of John M. Graham, a son.
HAYS— Near Fortuna. May 30, IS9B, to the wife
of B. W. Hays, a daughter.
LAMBORN— In Alameda. June 10. 1898. to the
wife of Ben F. Lamborn, a son.
MCCARTHY— In Ban Jose, Cal., June fi, 1898,
to the wife of J. J. McCarthy, a daughter.
SAX— June 13. 1898, to the wife of M. Sax, a
daughter.
SCHENKEL— In this city. June 14. 1898. to the
wife of Julius M. .T. Schenkel. a daughter.
married.
BECK— JENSEN— In Eel River Valley. June 1,
IS9B. by the Rev. S. H. Madsen. Rasmus R.
Beck and Maria Jensen.
PETERSON— WOOD— In Blocksburg. June 5.
IS9B, by G. W. Lugenbeel. Justice of the
Peace, Louis Peterson and Lucy B. Wood.
SUTHERLAND— EATON— In Hydesville. June
6, IS9B, by the Rev. A. R. McCollough, Wil-
liam C. Sutherland and Ollva M. Eaton.
DIED.
Anderson. Ernest E. MacCabe. Frank
Ball, Alfred MeManus. Margarite
Barnes, Emory Marvin, John F.
Boyle, Edward R. Matthews, Aulay
Brindeau, Almtre A. Mnrelas, Josepha
Cosgrove, James ■ Phares, Thomas
Flocd. H. S. Stanley, Ira M.
Gregson, Anna P. Sweeny, Mary
Hammond. Mrs. C. Tahaney, Nannie B.
Hardy, Bridget Wiegand, Arthur
Hornung, Sophie M. Zlmmermann, Ernes-
Humpnreys, Joseph tine
Lindt, Catherine
ANDERSON— In this city, June 11, 1898, Ernest
Edward, beloved husband of Josephine Ander-
son, a native of Stockholm, Sweden, aged 53
years 1 month and 17 days.
(Es"Frlends and acquaintances and members
of the Swedish Society are respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Swedish So-
ciety's Hall. 909 Market street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cpmetery.
BALL —In the City and County Hospital,
June 14. 189 S. Alfred Ball, a native of New
York, aged 68 years.
BARNES — In Eureka, June 8. 189S, Emory
Barnes, a native of New York, aged 67 years
8 months and 12 days.
BOYLE— In El Campo, Marln County, June 5,
IS9B, Edward R., eldest son of John J. and
Julia A. Boyle, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1." years 3 months and 25 days.
(n?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 2011 Vallejo street, be-
tween Laguna and Buchanan, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way, where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BRINDEAU— In this city, June 12, 1898, Al-
mlre Adrien Brindeau, a native of France,
aged 75 years 10 months and 26 days.
[ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. 8. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COSGROVE— In this city, June 13. 1898, James,
beloved husband of the late Mary cosgrove,
brother of the late Thomas Cosgrove, and
father of James, David and John Cosgrove,
Mrs. George Paterson and Mrs. B. Williams,
a native of County Meath, Ireland, aged 59
yearß.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9.30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his daughter. Mrs. George Paterson,
650 Jessie street, off Seventh. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
FLOOD— In this city, June 12, 1898. H. S.
Flood, father of James, George, Agnes and
Harry Flood. age<l 61 years.
(tT The funeral services will take place
this day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at
2015 Broadway. Interment private.
GREGPON— In Berkeley June 14, IS!>S. Anna
P., beloved wife of Harrison Gregson, a na-
tive of Vermont, aged 69 yearn.
HAMMOND— In San Jose, June 10, IR9R. Mrs.
Caroline E. Hammond, a native of France,
aged 53 years 3 months and 10 days.
HARDY— In this city. June 13. 3838, Bridget,
beloved wife of the late James Hardy, loving
mother of Mrs. Lillian Bryant, and dearly
beloved sister of the late Margaret Haley, a
native of Ireland. (New York papers please
copy.)
tyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2024 Bryant street, between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth, thence to St. Charles Bor-
romeo's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HORNUNG— In Eureka. June 9. 189 S. Sophie M.
Hornung, a native of Germany aged 67 years
11 months and 9 days.
HUMPHREYS^In this city, June 14, IS9B, Jo-
seph J., beloved son of Mary A. Humphreys,
a native of Newark, N. J., aged 35 years 7
months and 10 days. (Newark, N. J., papers
please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1559 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
LINDT— In this city, June 13. 1898. at Our La-
dies' Home, 33 Rlncon place, Catherine Lindt,
a native of County Down, Ireland, aged 64
years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of St. Mary's Hospital, where a solemn re-
quiem mass wlil be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 7:15 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
MacCABE— In this city, Jnne 13. 1898, Frank,
beloved son of Richard S. and Catherine Mac-
Cabe, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 2 months and 11 days.
IC^Notice of funeral hereafter.
MrMANUS— In this city. June 14. I$9S. Mar-
gnrlte M.. beloved daughter of Michael and
Hannah MeManus, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 13 years 6 months and T8 days.
MARVIN— In Blue Lake, Cal. June 10, 1898.
John F. Man-In, a native of New York, aged
about 65 years.
MATTHEWS— In Eureka. June 8. 1898, Aulay
Matthews, a native of Princ* Edwards Is-
land, aged 82 years.
MORELAS— In the City and County Hospital,
June 13, 1898, Josepha Morelas, a native of
Mexico, aged 41 years.
PHARES— In Eureka. June 9, 1898, Thomaa
Phares, a native of Ohio, ageu 68 years.
STANLEY— In Garberville. June 7, 1898, Ira M
Stanley, a native of Connecticut, aged 73
years.
SWEENY— In Oakland, at her residence 917
Peralta street, June 14, 1898, Mary, widow of
the late John Sweeny, and mother of Charles
Nicholas J., Michael and Thomas E. Sweeny'
Mrs. Coughlln. Mrs. O'Neill, Mrs. Durfee and
Pauline M. Sweeny, a native of Manchester.
England, aged 68 years and 8 month*.
[CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Please omit
flowers.
TAHANEY— In Oakland, June 13. 1898, Nannie
8., beloved daughter of Patrick and B. Ta-
haney, and sister of Joseph and Peter J.
Tahaney, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 8
years and 3 months and 19 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
. of her parents, 1461 Thirteenth street, Oak-
land.
WIEGAND— In this city, June 14. 1898. Arthur
beloved son of Eugene and Clotilda Wiegand.
a native of San Francisco, aged 3 months and
1 day.
ZIMMERMANN— In this city, June 13. IS9B,
Ernestine, beloved wife of Albert Zlmmer-
mann, and mother of Amalia. Albert an 4
Mathilda Zimmermann, a native of Sachs«(,
Germany, aged 39 years ai.d 3 days.
(rJ7"Frlends and acquaintances are respea^
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr A Co., 1209 MISRion street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS &. EMBALMB&3 I
10 IUTH ST.. Opp. Lmcola ScUiml.
Telephone, South 80. I
H. b. m'avot. Manager.
McAVOY dfc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER^
1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th.
Telephone. South 217.
Eetab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers.
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, bpaclous chapel for Ut* urn
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulanea.
H. C. BUNKER & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
2666 Mission St. Mission Masonic Tamplo.
, Telephone Mission 7a.
1112
WEAKNESS
IS NOW
APPARENT
Democratic Harmony
Club Afraid to Act.
AWAITING DEVELOPMENTS
HELD TWO MEETINGS WITHOUT
RESULT.
The New City and County Committee
Now Looking for a Soft
Place on Which
to Drop.
The new Democratic City and County
Committee met again last evening at
Native Sons* Hal] and transacted just
enough business to satisfy the members
not In the confidence of the program
mers that there was some excuse for
calling them together.
It has begun to dawn upon those who
• FRANK LIM K.LAN6 wa«>*
A CLOSE OBs£.Rveßor
CHAIRMAN DUNN • • «
were placed on the committee without
f.rst being taken into the confidence of
thi- Gould-McNab-Alford combination
that the fear of wrath to come has en
t red Into the hearts of the harmony
club and that the shrewd ones are al-
ready looking about for a soft spot
upon which to drop. This Is not to say
that the end is actually in sight, but
as the days go by the suspicion that
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JC'jmjTwuiuu, The man who awakens
K.2ra^frV?T?!i--i fr on * a deep sleep, just
flfiCjjnC 1 1 "i in time to ward off the
I^^lv^S^j! re* Dlow °^ an assassin,
'P^jyaßg^v-Jpaw' 6 narrow escape.
j| ft fl¥H men w k° have
«EdP "Jf "w «-c^ aroused them-
selves from the
lethargy of recklessness and neglect, just in
time to ward off the deadly assault of that
dread enemy of mankind consumption.
The weapon with which these men have
successfully combated this grim destroyer
has been Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery. It is the only known medicine
that will prevent and cure consumption
Taken in time, it will always ward off this
deadly disease, and even after the devastat-
Ing germs have attacked the lung 9, it will
cure 98 per cent, of all cases. It acts di-
rectly on the lungs, building up new;
healthy tissues and driving out all disease-
germs. It corrects all stomach and diges*
tive troubles, invigorates the liver ana
•makes the appetite keen and hearty. It is
the great blood-maker, flesh ■ builder and
nerve tonic. There is nothing else "just
as good" and the druggist who says so is
untrustworthy.
. " I was a sufferer for 6ve or six years from indi-
gestion, sore stomach, and constant headaches,"
writes B. F. Holmes, of Gaffney. Spartanburg
Co.. 8. C. •" I tried several of our best physicians
ana found no permanent relief. By the persua-
sion of Mr J. R. Tolleson. a friend of mine, I
commenced on the *Btll September. 1895. to use
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and ' Pel-
lets '—which gave me relief in a few days. Since
♦hen I have used five bottles of ' Golden Medical
Discovery ' and 6ve vials of Pellets.' When I
commenced using the medicines I could not
sleep, had a restless uneasy feeling: all the time.
and my skin was yellow and dry. I weighed
only 148 pounds. I now weigh 170 pounds, nave
■ gooo color, and rest well at night. I have a
good appetite, can eat anything ,1 wish. For
wo years, while under treatment by a physician
I ate nothing but Graham bread."
In reference to the above letter, J. R. Tolleson,
T. O- Box 173. Gaffney, Spartanburg Co., S. C,
writes: . " The above Mr. B. P. Holmes, is a good
Christian gentleman, and one whose word will
go a long way with those who know him. I use
and sell Dr. Pierces medicines, and I recom-
mended them to Mr. Holmes."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets cure that
disease-producing disorder, constipation
They never fail. : They never gripe. Drug-
gists sell them.
THEY ARE SCHOOLGIRLS NO LONGER.
The Graduating Class of the Girls' High School Closes Its
Studies With a " High Jinks,"
Nlnety-three girls, the graduating class of the Girls' High School, broke Into revelry yesterday afternoon. All
schoolroom rules and the discipline of the teachers were thrown aside and the festivities were classed as "high jinks."
The rule of the school was turned upside down. Principal Brooks was made to toe the mark and his assistant
teachers were drawn up in line and asked many pointed questions. All the wit and humor of the school was let
loose and the teachers joined with the pupils In the jollification. Miss Alice Jobson was the president of the com
mittee that arranged the "Jinks" and she was assisted by Mlsa Mercie Pacheco, Miss Annie Bennett, Miss Laura
Denson, Mi?-s Blanche Dußols and Miss Hermione Lask. The ecnool was dismissed for the afternoon and the
whole bulMing was turned over to the Jolly graduates. A programme full of surprises and cleverly carried out
furnished the atnusi-iriiMit for the occasion. The opening address, by Miss Jobson, was full of pleasant witticisms
aimed at both the teachers and pupils. Then the teachers were called into the room as though they were pupils
and asked some questions that almost exhausted their wits to answer. Their Interrogators were Miss Emma Wehrle,
Miss Laura Denson, Miss Sadie Gaffney and Miss Viola Kleinberg. The valedictory address was given by Miss
Elsie Wenzelburger, after which there began a pilgrimage through the different class rooms, In each of which a
farewell address was given. Those who made tho addresses were Miss Rebecca Hoss, Miss Beatrix Cooley, Miss
Camilla Meyer, Miss Lulu Becker and Miss Myrtle Rose. Vocal solos were gllven by Miss Hermlone Lask, Misn
Florence Hawlty and Miss Elsie > Priber. There was a piano solo by Miss Idabel Long and a violin solo by Miss
Fannie Jacobs. The hit of the 'programme was made by Miss Myna Hepburn who, in a burnt-cork makeup,
rendered several "coon" songs in a manner that would do credit to many of the professional soubrettes. Miss Mer
cle Pacheco and Miss Shirley Hay;s as fortune tellers caused much amusement by predicting the futures of their
classmates.
On Thursday evening the graduating exercises of the class will be held In the assembly-room of the school.
the Democratic party of San Fran
cisco will have none of the hand-made
pacitiers assumes the proportions of a
moral certainty.
Last night's meeting demonstrated
the weakness of the new organization
to the entire satisfaction of those who
are shrewd enough to read between th>=
lines. The committee has been in ex
istence for more than two weeks and
has held two meetings, yet it has nut
yet completed its organization and has
taken no steps toward the very neces
sary work of directing the organiza
tion of the party preliminary to th^
campaign that is already begun. The
committee is in the position of the
commander-in-chief of a mutinous
army. He is afraid to issue orders be
cause he knows they will not be obeyed,
and because he knows that the mere
fact of disobedience would lay bare his
weakness.
In the meantime something must be
done to keep up the appearance of
strength, and this was the Intent of
last night's proceedings. After call-
Ing the meeting to order Chairman
Dunn announced that he was ready to
name the various committees called for
at the meeting held last Friday night,
with a single exception. This excep
tion was the committee on district or
ganization, the most important of all
of the subcommittees. Dunn said that
h(- had not had time to give the matter
the consideration it deserved, but that
if the appointment of the committee
was Insisted upon he was prepared to
•Bv^RRY BALOW/N
WAS AN ?NTeRFST£D
ME* IBER • . •
name its members. He thought, how
ever, that it would be wise to postpone
the matter until the next meeting in
order that so important a matter might
be given the consideration it deserved.
Barry Baldwin moved that the chair
man be given further time in which to
appoint this particular committee and
the motion carried without a dissent-
Ing voice.
The other committees named were as
follows:
Committee on Resolutions — Charles W
Fay, chairman; Joseph Leggett, James H*
Barry, Clitus Barbour and Franklin K.
Lane.
Committee on Re-let ration— Max Pop
THE SAN FK Ay CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JIJ^E 15, 3 898.
per, chairman; William M. Hlnton, James
Dfiiman, D. C. Murphy and Joremlah Oof
fey.
' '"inmittee on Naturalization— J. H.
Grady, chairman; Barry Baldwin, W. 11.
Mead, William Craig and M. C. Hassett.
'■"mmlttvo on Headquarters — William T.
I less, chairman; W. D. Farren, John E.
Buckley, E. P. E. Troy and P. 11. Mc-
Carthy.
Committee on Finance — M. Jasper M(.-
Donald, chairman; Dr. Magnus, Rudolph
Harold. James Gallagher and O. H.
Thompson.
Committee on Order of Business— W. B.
Cope, chairman; Bart Burke. Samuel
Uraunhart, R, P. Doolan and A. B. Ma
guire.
The committee on resolutions held a
meeting and derided to report a reso
lution at the next meeting, authorizing
an assessment of $2 50 on each member
of the main committee to meet current
expenses.
After the announcement of the com
mittees the so-called governing body of
the Democratic party of San Fran
cisco adjourned to meet at the call of
the chair.
DEAQGED OFF TO PRISON.
Mrs. Carleton, a Married Woman,
Arrested While Going to a
Bakery for Bread.
Mrs. Carleton, 153 Minna street, was ar
rested Monday night by Policemen G. P.
Chase and L. J. Deeley and taken to the
City Prison, but was released later by
Judge Mognn. She appeared before
Judge Low yesterday morning and after
hearing the testimony of the arresting
officer he at once convicted her and sen
tenced hor to pay a fine of $5 or spend
twenty-four hours in the prison. She was
not represented by counsel.
Mrs. Carleton is forty-three years of
age and has been the mother of eight
children, four of whom live with her. Her
husband is a ship's carpenter and is at
present out of the city. She and her fam
ily came here from Visalia about four
weeks ago.
Mrs. Carleton said she left her house
between 9 and 10 o'clock to go to a bak
er's store on Mission street for broad.
She met a man in plain clothes who
questioned her as to where she was go
ing and where she lived. She answered
him and went to the baker's, followed by
the man, who continued to shadow her
till she reached her home. Just as she
was opening jthe door he called her to
stop, and seizing her roughly by the wrist
displayed a star and told her she was un
der arrest.
Her daughter Myrtle was sick in bed,
but hearing the noise at the door got up
and inquired what the men wanted with '
her mother. By this time the arresting \
officer, who -was Chase, had been joined i
by Deeley and the young girl for an an- !
swer to her question was struck in the j
breast, and fell. Mrs. Carleton's brother- i
in-law also appeared on the scene, but
was treated with scant courtesy.
Mrs. Carleton intends to bring the con
duct of the two officers before the Police
Commissioners. She declares she Is a
respectable married woman and feels
keenly the Indignity thrust upon her.
GIVES JUDGMENT IN
FAVOR OF THE CITY
THE FIDELITY AND DEPOSIT
COMPANY LOSES.
It Must Pay the Amount of Its Lia
bility Upon the Bond of Widber,
the Defaulting Treasurer.
Judge Belcher yesterday rendered a de
cision in favor of the city and county in
the action Instituted against the Fidelity
and Deposit Company of Maryland to re
cover $100,000, the amount of the liability
of the surety company upon the bond of
Augustus C. Widber, the defaulting City
Treasurer. Despite the fact that all the
money in the treasury had not been
counted as the law directed, the court
held that the company was responsible
for the full amount of the bond.
During the trial of the case the defend
ant corporation sought to establish the
fact that the city and county was in some
extent responsible for the large defalca
tion by reason that the funds had not
been counted as the law stated that they
should be. but Judge Belcher held that
the fact stated was no defense to the ac
tion brought by the city and county.
As the Fidelity and Deposit Company
had stated that it would take no appeal
from the judgment rendered by Judge
Belcher it will, in all probability, pay the
amount of the bond— sloo,ooo— to the city
and county at once. Whether or not any
action will be taken against Widber per
sonally by the Fidelity and Deposit Com
pany in an endeavor to recover a portion
of the amount for which it has been held
liable is not as yet known, but as the de
faulting Treasurer has considerable
property of value it is thought that some
effort will be made to get judgment
against him.
■ — ■ ♦ ■
AN UNFOUNDED CHARGE.
Health Inspector Dockery Says the
Story of Poisoned Berries
Is Untrue.
A report was made at the Health Of
fice a short time ago that several people
had been taken violently ill after eating
strawberries. They believed that some
poisonous wa-sh had been used Uy the
growers to kill off insects and that the
berries were poisoned. Inspector Doek
ery was detailed to make an investiga
tion Into the matter. He took samples
of berries from all of the commission
houses and they were subjected to a
careful analysis." No trace of any poison
was found. The health officials believe
that if any persons have been sickened
by eating strawberries the berries were
taken from boxes that had been repeat
edly filled. Some growers use the boxes
a half dozen times without cleaning them
and they become tainted. An ordinance
has been drawn up by the health officers
forbidding the use of berry boxes more
than once.
Read "A Busy Day With Secretary
of War Alger at the White House,"
in next Sunday's Call.
Gathering In Wayward Boys.
Sergeant Blank, acting under Instruc
tions, has within the past few days, ar
rested over thirty-six Mission toughs who
have made the several street corners
their nightly rendezvous and indulged in
the pastime of insulting ladies and old
men.
THE - CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS. ;'
;.- Physicians recommend 1 the Crystal warm sea
water \ub at^i ewtnvulng bath*, Norths Beach.
CIGAR DEALERS
WERE BUNKOED
New Dodge Worked by
Three Clever Crooks.
TAMPERED WITH MACHINES
A DICE GAME THAT WORKED AS
A BLIND.
"Royal Flushes" Gained Without
Depositing a Nickel — The
Police on Their
Trail.
A well -developed scheme to defraud
cigar dealers has been brought to the at
tention of the police by 13. Mirsky. the
proprietor of a cigar store at Tenth and
Market streets. •
Three neatly dressed men have during
the past few weeks visited cigar stores
where the fascinating nlckel-in-the-slot
machine rested on the counter and by
a clever fraud have swindled a number
of leading retailers by their fraudulent
system. It was their rule to act in the
following manner: One of the trio would
enter the store and ask the man behind
the counter to allow him to look at his
newspaper. This favor was generally
granted and he would take up his position
iio.xt to the machine and while presum
ably reading the paper was actually hid
ing the device. His confederate would
then enter and invite the man in charge
to shake him dice for the cigars. This
invitation was never refused and while
they were engaged in the game, still an
other confederate would step In and go
to the machine. It was the last comer's
duty to slide a wire down the slot of the
contrivance and by a simple process drop
the cards down until he had secured a
royal flush. When this was accomplished
he would snap the handle down without
dropping a nickel and with an exclama
tion say, "I have a royal flush," which,
by the way, entitled him to 100 cigars.
Many dealers were mulcted in this way
until it became so frequent that suspicion
was aroused. Word was quietly passed
along the line and a sharp lookout was
kept for the swindlers. Yesterday the
plan was tried on Mr. Mirskv and might
nave succeeded but for the fact that he
was advised. He allowed the three bunko
men to go through their little act without
Interruption until he was told that the
man tampering with the machine had
landed his usual "royal flush." The lat
t'-r demanded his cigars, but was greatly
disappointed when Mr. Mirsky told the
trio to leave the place. The supposed win
ner began to arguo, when the propri
etor stepped from behind his stand with
the Intention of calling a policeman, when
the nun hastily left. Mirsky reported
the matter to the police last night, and
gave im accurate description of the men.
An effort will be ma«le to land the clever
crew, but In the meantime cigar dealers
are warned ngain.st them.
AGAINST THE DEATH TRAPS.
Commercial Men Ask for Regulation
of All Sailing Vessels.
At the regular meeting of the directors
of the Chamber of Commerce yesterday
the matter of enacting a law for securing
the safety of sailing vessels was discussed.
A short time ago the Board of Supervis
ors of this city came to the conclusion
that there should be some law by which
all sailing vessels could be inspected by
Federal officers, and any found unfit for
the transportation of freight and passen
gers could be condemned. To this end a
committee was appointed, consisting of
Supervisors Clinton Morton and Lack
mann, to confer with the members of the
Chamber of Commerce and the Collector
of the Port. The conference was held at
the meeting yesterday, and as a result the
following resolution was passed, which
Secretary Scott was directed to telegraph
to the Pacific Coast Representatives at
Washington:
Whereas, There does not appear to be any
law, national or State, covering the Inspection
and supervision of sailing vessels engaged In
our coast trade, applicable either to the con
struction of the vessel, manner of loading or
ability to carry passengers; and whereaa,
owing to the deficiency, we belle vt ; many sail
ing vessels have left our ports during the past
season which were unseaworthy fir dangerously
loaded, particularly those destined for Alaskan
ports, notably the bark Helen \V. Almy and
the schooner Jane Gray, which were lost and
many lives snoriflred. He It therefore
Resolved, That we earnestly request and re
spectfully urge upon our California delegation
In Washington to take immediate steps to In
duce Congress to pass such a law or laws as
will give to the proper Cnited States officers
full control of all sailing vessels carrying
passengers out of our ports.
The chamber appointed the following
gentlemen to represent it at the inter
national mining congress that is to meet
in Salt Lake City in July: C. W. Cross,
Tirey L. Ford, W. C. Ralston, George
Stone and W. S. Keyes. They will also
be delegates to the California Miners' As
sociation. Charles Christensen, the Ameri
can Central Manufacturing Company, the
St. Paul Fire and Marine Insurance Com
pany and Lloyd's Plate Glass Insurance
Company were elected members of the
chamber.
SOLDIERS AS ODD FELLOWS.
A Permanent Organization Is Ef-
fected Among the Volunteer
Troops From Idaho.
By special legislation the volunteers oi
the United States army can now embrace
the hrotherhood of the Odd Fellows' As
sociation and become active members,
with all the privileges and benefits de
rived from the usual membership roll.
A committee was appointed by the as
sociation of this city to make a canvass
of the entire volunteer force now sta
tioned at Camp Merritt for the purpose of
organizing separate branches of the so
ciety in each regiment. In the -further
ance of this object the Idaho regiment
was visited last evening and a perma
net organization effected among the boys.
Those who were elected to govern and
control the interests of the new branch
society are as follows: President. D. L.
Badley, sergeant major; vice-president,
Brother Stephonson, chaplain of the
Idaho regiment; secretary, Brother Ribb
lett; treasurer, Brother Kipp; guardian.
Brother Ferguson; warden, Sergeant Gil
man.
These officers will Immediately resolve
themselves into a special committee for
the purpose of making a thorough can
vass of the members of the regiment pre
paratory to the enrollment of the hoys as
members of the society. The by-laws of
the new organization will be effected on
the transports which will sail shortly for
Manila. At Honolulu the committee will
forward its report to the permanent or
ganizing committee of this city, which
will be submitted and acted upon by the
Odd Fellows' Association proper.
It is the intention of the home organiza
tion to petition the leading power of the
Odd Fellows' Society in the United States
to issue special legislation for the organ
izing of branch lodges of the society at
Manila upon the arrival of the troops.
Members of the Rebecca Lodge will
commence the work of distributing iden
tification badges among the troops this
evening, which will serve as a means of
identifying those members of the new so
ciety who may fall in battle.
Hanged Himself.
The body of a man, supposed to be that
of . John Davis, . was . found ;■ hanging : to V a
tree In the woods near the ' intersection of
Corbett ; road and ■ Dewey ' boulevard yes
terday. ', It had been, there about i two v or
three weeks. On the person was found an
envelope, on the back of : which was writ
ten in pencil' the -following: "My name
is John Davis, a ; native of Canada, 65
years. I am a stranger, without money
or friends." V - : : ' - ■ . ■•"•; .
r That is all of. the story of John Davis as
told by himself. In an i account-book found
on * the -i body ; were •: the >. names, "W. J.
Downs," ■ "Mr. Wm. Wooff, Pacific Preas.
Oakland."
ADVEBTISEJCENTS. _
COLORED
DRESS
GOODS!
FIVE SPECIAL VALUES!
25 pieces 46-inch) FRENCH POPLINS, in
Blues, Greens, Browns and Grays.
$1.25 Yard.
18 pieces FANCY FRENCH ARMURES, full
45 inches wide, in the very latest
colorings.
$1.25 Yard.
35 pieces FRENCH COVERT SUITING, in a
large variety of new fixtures, goods
45 inches in width.
$1.00 Yard.
100 pieces 42-inch) FRENCH SERGE, all
new colorings and warranted pure
wool.
35C Yard.
150 pieces Best Quality ALL-WOOL ENG-
LISH MOREENS io 35 r>ew shades.
50C Yard.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
TROOPS TO PARADE
ON OUR NATAL DAY.
EXERCISES TO BE HELD IN MET
ROPOLITAN HALL.
It Is Expected That There Will Be
Over Twelve Thousand Soldiers
in the Procession.
Tho executive committee of the citizens
having In charge the management of the
coming Fourth of July celebration decid
ed last night to remain within the $3000
appropriation made by the Board of Su
pervisors. Contributions to the celebra
tion fund will not be solicited, but any
donations .from patriotic citizens will be
accepted and devoted to securing features
to add to the grand parade contemplated.
When Chairman Joseph E. O'Donnell
called the meeting to order there were
but few absentees.
Grand Marshal Borlinl reported that he
was in communication with Generals
Merriam and Merritt relative to having
the volunteer troops now on their way to
Manila take part in the parade. He said
that he expected that there would be ful
ly 12,000 soldiers in line and that $1832 50
would cover the expenses of the parade.
This money will be used to defray the
cost of necessary bands.
William 1 Humphrey, chairman of the
literary committee, was of the opinion
that $o0 would cover all the expenses of
the literary exercises to be given after
the procession. The committee recom
mended that Metropolitan Hall be rented
for the exercises. The hall committee
had decided upon Woodward's Pavilion,
and as a result a lengthy controversy en
sued. It was finally decided by the ex
ecutive committee that Metropolitan Hall
was the proper place for holding the ex
ercises and the hall committee was in
structed to secure it.
Frank Lester, owing to a press of pri
vate business that precluded him giving
the necessary time to the duties of chair
man of the decoration committee, re
signed from that office and Frank B.
Gibson was appointed to succeed him.
The fireworks committee reported that
it would require $1000 to make a credit
able evening display of pyrotechnics.
Chairman O'Donnell said that the Call
fornla Fireworks Company had reported
to him that it would furnish nine set
pieces for $331. He was consequently un
able to understand why the committee
should ask for $1000. After considerable
debate it was decided to refer the matter
back to the original sub-committee.
The regatta committee asked for $525,
to be expended In medals and cash prizes.
Some of the members favored the doing
away of the regatta feature of the pro
gramme, but It was finally decided to
hold a regatta on July 3. No appropria
tion was allowed, however, to the com
mittee.
James H. O'Brien moved that the ex
ecutive committee be restricted to the
$3000 appropriation of the Supervisors.
The motion was carried, but all dona
tions to the fund from the people will be
accepted and the money so contributed
allotted to the several sub-committees to
be used in extending the original pro
gramme of celebration.
The executive committee will not at
tempt this year to decorate the streets.
That part of the work will be left to the
patriotism of the people along the line
of march.
Caesar Berthau and O. Icharl were
added to the finance committee.
The committee then adjourned to meet
next Friday evening.
The grand marshal has announced the
following officers of staff: Chief of staff.
Colonel J. C. O'Connor.; chief aids. Colonel
Ritchie L. Dunn, Captain F. E. Webb and
Lieutenant W. A. Borlini.
FURTHER CUT IN RATES.
Second-Class Rebate Tickets Now
Being Sold From New York to
San Francisco.
The second-class rates which were lately
put Into effect via Ogden by the Southern
Pacific were Intended to apply only from
San Francisco to points eastward. Yes
terday afternoon Jay W. Adams, the Pa
cific Coast representative of the Nickel
Plate line, which runs from Buffalo to
Chicago, received a dispatch from the
general passenger agent of the road that
second-clnss tickets from New York to
San Francisco, via Ogden, will now be
sold on the rebate plan which would m'a.ke
the rate the same a-s applies from here
eastward. The ticket will be sold at the
usual rate of 868 50 with a rebate collect
able in this city of $23 96, thus making the
cost of a second-class ticket $42 55.
It is supposed that the reduction was
brought about at the urgent request of
the West Shore railway running from
Buffalo to Chicago and the move would
naturally include all the lines that had
been a party to the reduced rates east
ward from this point which were in ef
fect June S. What effect if any the re
duction will have is not known, but it
would appear that the rebate plan is not
bringing much business. In the case of
tickets sold to Chicago the rebate of
$20 is a great deal of money to be tied up
by the average traveler and the system
does not appear to meet with much favor.
The FHirlington route has also put in a
second-class rate of $21 to St. Paul and
Minneapolis, the present rate of $47 carry
ing with it a rebate of $26.
A Turntable Nuisance.
M. H. de Young has filed a petition to
the Supervisors asking that the turntable
of the Geary-street railroad, which is
just before the door of the Chronicle
building, be declared a nuisance and
speedily abated. The petition sets forth
that in isist the Geary-street road pro
cured a permit to extend its line from the
west side of Kearny street, its terminus
at the time, to connect with the tracks
of the old Central railroad that ran on
Market street. It extended its tracks as
far as the northwesterly side of Market
street and there It built the turntable It
now uses. In the petition it is cited that
the privileges allowed in the order grant
ing permission to extend were not taken
advantage of and so they have been for
feited; also that the city does not allow
a turntable to hp within eleven feet of
any sidewalk and that the Geary-street
turntable is so close that the turning cars
overlap tho curbstone.
Granted a Divorce.
Irene W. Clinch was granted a divorce
from Frederick Clinch by Judge Bahrs
yesterday on the ground of Intemperance.
"With Dewey at Manila," and pic
tures taken from photographs of th«
great naval battle, by Joseph L.
Stickney, the special war correspond
ent of The Call, wno stood on tha
bridge of the flagship Olympia dur
ing the fight.— ln next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SWEET AS JUNE ROSES
is the linen that is laundered with
the perfection of skill for which the
United States Laundry is famous.
Clean, white and spotless, and with
a finish that cannot be duplicated
in this town, is the result of our
exquisite methods and careful atten-
tion to details.
United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street. Telephone
South 420.