VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 177.
TWO BALDWIN GUESTS
DEAD AND SIX MISSING
THE KNOWN DEAD:
CAPTAIN J. L. WHITE.
LEWIS MAYER.
THE MISSING :
J. J. CARTER, Associate
Judge of Oakland Race
Track.
J. M. LEITHEAD, Purser
Steamer City of Syd
ney.
MRS. ANDREW and chil
dren, Salt Lake.
F. WEATHERBEE and wife,
Havcrhill, Mass.
And possibly JOE SUMMER
FIELD, a Bookmaker.
ENCLOSED within the crumbliner
skeleton of the Baldwin Hotel is
a heap of debris, underneath
which there may be buried the
charred remains of five to ten
unfortunates.
The swaying, spire-like chimneyß sur
mounting the walls, and the smoke
blackened buildings on Market. Powell
and Ellis streets mutely tell the story of
the hardest fought battle in which San
Francisco's fire department has ever
been c imaged.
The , are, which originated in the
hotel (kitchen shortly after 3 o'clock
yesterday morning, quickly shot up the
air Bhfeft in the center of the building
and inra few seconds the huge building
was a -feeethlngr, roaring, blast furnace.
Tales -f the affrighted guests who ran
for th*ir lives and the horrifying de
tails o'' scenes in and about the burning
hostelify were told in full in yesterday
i.g"s Call, and to-day the addi
l! incidents are given.
Next to the number of lives lost in
teresi renters in the origin of the fire.
Its prbgress and the twelve-hour
Ftrugul' cif brave fire laddies to subdue
the d< stroyer before more lives were
sacrificed and a greater property loss
re? ilted.
Captains Comstock and Gillespie
stated yesterday that they had definite
ly learned that the blaze started In
the kitchen on th,e second floor, but
they cannot establish the cause. For
fifteen minutes before an alarm was
turned in the kitchen employes foueht
the flame.*, but were unable to sul>due
them. When they realized the futilftv
of tbelr efforts a. warning: cry was given
and quickly carried down stairs and to
the Streets. The first comers, who ran
t«. assist '.lie hotel employts in rousing
the Bleeping guests, saw the fire shoot
ing, unobstructed, up the well inane
ly in the rear of the stairway and
south of the kitchen. In less than five
minutes the four walls of the well were
burned through, and the fire ran like a
race horse through the corridors in
every direction. By the time the fire
department arrived the whole interior
of the hotel was ablaze.
But a moment elapsed after the first
alarm was sent in when a second and
a general were rung. Two fires, one
on North Beach and a larger one at
Fourth and Folsom, were in progress,
and several engines, a water tower and
a battery, which should have responded
to the second call, were delayed in go
ing to the Baldwin.
In the -neantime the fire had been
gaining rapidly, and the engineers
knew no human power could save the
Baldwin Hotel. Every effort was im
mediately concentrated on saving the
adjoining buildings from destruction.
In a few moments all the available fire
apparatus of the Fire Department was
in use, and by 4 o'clock twenty-four
engines were sending tons of water
each minute into the doomed structure.
A lack of hydrants hampered the work
of the Fire Department. There is not
a hydrant on the south curb of Market
street from Fourth to Fifth, and sev
eral engines were stationed directly be
neath the bulging walls of the Baldwin.
Many engines were too for from the fire
to do effective -work. Forcing the water
through 200 to 300 yards of hose taxed
the utmost capacity of the pumps, and
some of the streams only reached the
first and second stories.
When the battery arrived from the
Folsom-street fire the first effective
work on the Market-street side was
done. Six streams from the nearest en
gines were combined into one and s^nt
high over the side walls into the center
of the roofless furnace. •
When the walls became weak and
•were apparently about to fall Chief En
gineer Sullivan ordered the nozzle men
to "keep it black in the vicinity where
engines were located." This order was
obeyed, leaving the fire full sway in the
crater of the volcano. Two hours of
unremitting work on the part of the
firemen brought its own reward. The
fire was under control. All that re
mained was to keen the flames from
again increasing. There was no ces
sation of water throwing until 9 a. m.
yesterday, when the battle was over
and some of the exhausted firemen
were sent home. Several engines con
tinued to pour water into the ruins all
day.
Long before daylight the big crowd
of fascinated spectators who watched
the fiery panorama from the first was
increased by thousands of men, women
and children, who came from all sec
tions of the city. The rumble of the !
fire wagons, the rataplan of horses' j
hoofs on the pavements, awakened the ;
people from South San Francisco to j
North Beach. The illumined heavens ,
told thorn a great conflagration was on
in the center of town. Telephones were
F<>ught, and the hello girls, before a
question could be asked, informed the
eager citizen that the "Baldwin Hotel
was all afire." Then came the rattle
and noise of hundreds of coupes and
carriages, drivers of milk wagons urged
their swift horses to greater speed, and j
before long the entire population seem
ed to be awake and on the way to the j
flre. Vaqueros at Butchertown by thej
The San Francisco Call
score came galloping to the scene on
their tireless mustangs. A few stopped
to saddle, but the majority of them
came bareback, and many came with
out saddle or bridle.
Cordons of police were stationed at
all corners a block away from the flre,
ropes were stretched and the surging
mob prevented from running en masse
into the Jaws of death under the falling
cornices.
During the forenoon, after the
I sounder sleepers had seen the morning
[ papers, the crowd grew still greater,
i All day long thousands stood upon the
j cold, hard pavements gazing at the
ruin. With repressed anxiety and ex
pectant horror each one asked the
nearest person how many lives were
] lost and all are now waiting with sup
pressed feelings for the story which is
sure to come from beneath the debris.
Dangling from a window ki the prin
j cipal cupola was a small piece of rope.
This was the attraction for all eyes.
When the story of the little string was
passed from lip to lip tears moistened
thousands of eyelashes and words of
sympathy and praise were spoken for
heroic J. L. White. With that rope he
saved the lives of three terrified ser
vant girls and then, when his brave
deed was done, it broke under his
weight and he fell to death.
Yesterday afternoon when the heat
had sufficiently subsided, many guests
who thought a portion of their prop- j
erty might still be recovered employed
firemen and bystanders to search their
rooms. A few got some of their be
longings, but the property recovered
was badly damaged.
Curious individuals and newly-clad
guests of the hotel harassed the police
almost beyond endurance. All sorts of
excuses were given when a demand to
get through the lines was peremptorily
refused. Pickpockets infested the
crowd plying their vocation, messenger
boys sought persons to whom messages
were addressed, and the day was not
one of unalloyed content for the police
men.
Drs. Morrison and Fitzgibbon of the
Central and Harbor Receiving hospitals
were on the scene all the morning.
Ambulances were held in readiness to
carry woundeci persons to the hospitals,
and the surgeons were well equipped
with emergency supplies for instant \
use.
About 4 p. m. yesterday a large piece j
of cornice, which had been dangling
over the heads of firemen all day, fell
with a crash, striking Assistant Fore
man Madison of engine 4; Ike Shan
naughsy of the same company- and
Tom Titus, a water tower man. All
three started to run when the warning
cry was given, but they did not get out
of the way. They were knocked fiat
and the spectators thought they were
killed or badly injured. Fortunately
they escaped even slight injury.
The total loss by all parties is esti
mated at $2,000,000 to $2,500,00t); only
partially insured.
Mr. Baldwin has as yet no plans for
rebuilding the hotel. Gottlob & Marx,
lepsees of the Baldwin Theater, are al
ready at work seeking to have a mag
nificent opera house constructed on the
site of the burned hostelry. They have
received such encouragement that they
are hopeful the scheme will be carried
to a successful termination.
THE HARVEST OF THE FIRE FIEND.
ALL THAT IS LEFT TO THE PRIDE OF LUG^Y BALDWIN.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
IT WAS A FEARFUL CONFLAGRATION.
The number of lives lost in the Baldwin Hotel fire will not be definitely known until
the debris has been cleared away. So far the death list contains only two names, but at least
six people who were known to have been asleep when the fire broke out are missing. Anxi
ous friends and relatives have searched unceasingly since yesterday morning, but no traces of
the missing ones have been found. It seems almost certain that they perished. Every effort
within human power was made to awaken all the 600 people who slept over the awful cre
matory, and every one hoped no further fatalities would be reported. To-day or to-morrow
a search of the debris will begin. Until this work is completed the families and friends of the
missing must suffer the untold agony of doubt. All those seen in the corridors and windows
of the burning hostelry escaped a terrible death, either by the fire escapes or down the blazing
stairway.
The lack of adequate fire escapes, ropes and ladders has brought severe criticism upon
the hotel management and the fire wardens. Had the iron ladder on Market street ex
tended to the top of the building the sad death of J. L. White would not have occurred, and
a shuddering crowd would not have stood for half an hour with the frantic cries of three im
periled women filling their hearts with horror.
While the panic-stricken, partially clad inmates of the hotel were running for their
lives thieves entered the hastily vacated rooms and carried off jewels and other property.
Trunks which were left intact by the fleeing guests, and which were not destroyed in the
flames, were broken open and rifled, it is charged, after the fire had been extinguished. This
is being investigated by- the police.
The heroic work of civilians, policemen and fire laddies in saving fear-crazed men and
women from incineration is praised by the rescued ones. Nerve-racking experiences and mi
raculous escapes are told by those who passed through the terrible ordeal.
Estimates place the aggregate loss by the fire at $2,000,000 to $2,500,000, with light in-
surance.
E. J. Baldwin is the heaviest loser, and the severity of the blow may be greater than
he can bear. It is believed that his old-time friends, men whom he assisted in the trying
days of the California Bank crisis, will come to his assistance. One of the probabilities men
tioned is that a company will be organized to rebuild on the Baldwin site.
Fire marshals have learned that the flames originated in the kitchen and were discov
ered fifteen minutes before an alarm was sent in. Employes attempted to extinguish the fire
before the guests were warned of danger.
Several minor casualties occurred among the brave firemen who fought valiantly for
twelve hours to prevent further destruction of property.
REGISTERED AMONG
THE MISSING ONES
Absent Persons Who Are
Being Eagerly Searched
For.
Relatives and friends .of persons sup
posed to be among the missing made
strenuouß efforts yesterday to locate them
in the flesh or to trace them to the fiery
tomb within the charred walls of the
Baldwin Hotel.
Persons who made their escape from the
burning building affirm that many guests
must have lost their lives in the dark
ened corridors while trying to make
their escape. At the moment when they
were most needed the electric lights went
out, leaving firemen and others to grope
about in the awful smoke-laden corridors,
lightened occasionally by the glare from
the seething caldron of flre in the cen-
I ter of the hotel's ruins. Many men and
! women are supposed to have lost their
i way and In a delirium of fear overlooked
'■ the avenues of escape and thus met
| death.
Attaches of the Receiving, l&jsuital Wjere
busy all Jay answering personal inquiries
and also those received by telephone.
I The hospital people treated. but two cases
i from the lire during the early hours of
i the morning, although all the available
I men and ambulances were on the spot
; ready to alleviate the Injuries of suffering
: ones.
No organized search of the ruins will be
, made until the wooden walls on Market,
I Powell and Ellis streets have been raxed.
! It would be hazardous to send men into
j the ruins in their present condition. If
j bodes are thought to be in any particular
place an attempt will be made, however,
i to bring them out.
John J. Carter, associate judge at Oak
land race track, is among the missing,
i With George Carroll he occunied room
' 454 on the fifth or top floor. Mr. Carroll
made his way down the fire escape on the
; Market, street side. The last he saw of
; his companion the latter had thrown a
| sheet over his head and had made a dash
j for the stairway. Harry Frolich, a book-
I maker, saw him on the third floor, which
was the last trace of him discovered. He
was a Tennesseean by birth, about 50
years of age, and was well known
throughout the country.
The Pacific Mail suamship people have
practically given up their search for
Janus M. Leithead. purser Oi. the steamer
City of Sydney, who occupied room 406 on
the fourth floor of the Baldwin. General
Manager Alexander Center said last even
ing that no doubt remained in his mind
that somewhere among- the smoking ruin.s
Leithead's body would eventually be
found.
First Officer J. TV. O'Connor of the same
boat and a chum of Leithead is convinced
that it was the dead body of his friend
that shortly after the fire began he car
ried from his room through the fire and
smoke to the hallway, where he was
obliged to abandon it to save himself.
Leithead's movements have been traced
from the time he left his boat at 3 o'clock
Tuesday afternoon to half-past 2 yester
day morning, w .en he dismissed his hack
at the door of the Baldwin and went up to
his room on the fourth floor, not quite an
hour before the first alarm of fire was
turned in.
At 3 o'clock Tuesday afternoon Leit
head left the Sydney and with O'Connor
went up to his rooms* at the hotel. Tne
men remained tog-ether until after dinner,
when O'Connor went to the Orpheum
and Leithead dressed for a dinner party
to which he had been invited by friends
in the Western Addition.
He left the home of his friends shortly
after 2 o'clock, remarking that he was
tired and was going directly to the hotel
and to bed. That he carried out his in
tention is verified by his haekman, who
left him at the hotel door at halfpast 2 or
a little before. Since then no word or
trace of him has been had, though it was
his duty to report at the boat yesterday
morning, and, according to Mr. Center,
dereliction to duty was a failing unknown
to the missing purser.
His companion. First Officer O'Connor,
is convinced that his friend is lost. It was
a frightful story of the fire that he had to
relate yesterday, and he had an experi
ence and an escape that would have
silvered the hair of a man of ordinary
courage.
"Something or other awoke me,' said J
O'Connor, "and I rang the bell for a bell- i
boy. I got no answer and rang again,
with the same result, and I opened the
door to look down the hall, but was nearly
blinded by a cloud of smoke. I made my
way to the bathroom of my suite and
looked up through the glass light shaft
just in time to see blinding flames shoot
through it. There was a crash of glass,
and almost at my feet fell the body of a
man, and I am certain that it was that
of Leithead.
"With the assistance of a man who had
come into my room to wake me I car
ried the body into the hall, hut it was
so dark we could not make out his fea
tures, but I felt of his face and tried to
identify him- in other ways and am sat's
fied that the body was Jim's. The smoVo
came down on us then and we had K^
leave the dead and take care of the living
women who were rushing frantically up
and down the hall, shrieking, praying and
utterly panic-stricken.
"We rounded up a lot of them and led
them down stairs. We then went back to
get the others, but were shut off from
them by the smoke and flames and so we
went to work on the lower floors."
There is general sorrow^at the Pacific
Mail office. Leithead had neen in the em
ploy of the company for nearly five years,
and was immensely popular with the offi
cials as well as the employes. He w?s
about thirty years of age and. If deau
leaves to mourn him a mother in Canada
and a brother in Montana.
F. L. Holland of the Columbia Bank re
ported at police headrpiarters that h?;
thought Mrs. Andrew and children of Sat
Lake City were among the missing. Sh«)
THE BALDWIN BEFORE THE FIRE.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
arrived with her children Tuesday after
noon and registered at the Baldwin.
The report got out at the camp of thi
Eighth California yesterday morning that
Captain William Barnes was the man
killed by falling from the fifth floor. Cap^
tain Barnes had attended the theatej
early In the evening with some friend^
and "a captain of another company who
was in the city heard that Barnes hag
been killed. He told what he had heard
at camp and the members of the regiment
were grieving over Captain Barnes' death
when he was found safe and sound, asleep
in his quarters.
F. Weatherbee and wife of Haverhill,
Mass., occupied apartments on the thirq
floor and have not been seen since early
Tuesday evening. Mr. Weatherbee was
a traveling man for C. J. Fox & Co. oi
Massachusetts.
A MARTYR TO HIS
SELF-SACRIFICE
J. L. White Met His Death in
a Noble Endeavor to
Save Lives*
J. L. White, who was killed in the ter
rible calamity, died tne de.^th of a hero.
He was a man of noble character and bril
liant qualities of mind. He had everything
to live for, but he did not hesitate to do
all in his power to save three women at
**he imminent danger of his own life, and
in the carrying out of his heroic Impulse
an unfortunate accident pu< an end to a
happy career. Monuments are erected for
less brave deeds than his, i-ut the mem
ory of his generous action will live long
in the memory of San Franciscans.
Miss Kate Richardson, «vho with her
friend had lowered themselves by a rope
which they had attached T ■ a bedpost in
their room on the top floo 1 , had reached
the fifth story while the cupola was burn
ing fiercely. They were oil the ledge of
the window facing the apartment of J. L.
White. Miss Richardson ad displayed
remarkable courage in the ■■•irrible ordeal,
and it was she who conceived the plan to
lower herself and Miss Joh'.son by means
of the rope. There were Several gentle-
men and a lady with Mr. "White in the
room, and the lady, whose name could not
be ascertained, made pitiful entreaties to
be saved. It was then that White's hero
ism was evinced. With no thought of
himself he helped the ladies to slide down
the rope one by one to the ladder below,
the strange lady being the first one to so
down. Then Miss Johnson was lowered,
and the last was Miss Richardaon. The
window ledge was very hot by that time
and every minute the danger increased.
Finally, when White saw that the ladies
had been landed safely, he started to go
down the rope, but it burned through
when he reached the third story, and
when he was picked up he was dead, a
martyr to his self-sacrifice. •
Due credit must also be given to Miss
Kate Richardson. She lowered three la
dies who came to her room in the top
floor while she was arranging the rope.
With a heroism eriual to that of White
she helped them to reach the first ledge
on the side of the house where the fire
men rescued them. Miss Richardson, in
speaking of the affair, said : "Too much
praise cannot be given to Mr. White, who
met such an awful death. When I reached
his room I said to him: 'You had better
go down.' The smoke by that time had
become more intolerable than it was in
my room when I left it.
" 'No,' he said 'you go down first, and
then he assisted us three ladies to make
the perilous attempt which resulted so
disastrously to him. Poor fellow, had he
waited a moment he would have beea
saved with the other gentlemen who were
with him, as I am told they were brought
safely down. I cannot express my feel
ings when I realized our peril. Above us,
on the top floor, was the burning cupola,
and below an appalling death. Neverthe
less I felt that coolness would alone save
me. The crowd on the ground was more
excited than I was, as they kept crying
out frantically, 'Don't jump. You're all
right where you are. There's no dan
ger.' I had no intention of jumping. My
sole desire was to reach the ground in
safety and I bethought myself of the rope
which I have had in my room some years
for just such an emergency. It saved
several lives and I regret that it failed in
the case of poor Mr. White."
GOT SAFELY OUT
AND THEN EXPIRED
Suspicion That the Body of
Lewis Mayer Was Robbed
of Jewelry.
Lewis Mayer, a member of the firm of
Bernard Stahl & Co., cigar manufacturers.
New York, had rooms on the fourth floor,
and was among the first to get out. He
was partially dressed, but brought his
overcoats and satchels with him. He got
to the corner of Eddy and Powell streets
and sat down on a box. Some bystanders
saw him sway and fall. The patrol wagon
was summoned and he was hurried to the
Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Tormoy
discovered that he was dead. It is sup
posed he was suffering- from heart disease
and the fright killed him. The body was
removed to the Morgue. He was about 60
years of age and a widower. Hla daugh
ter is a student at Vassar and she was
to meet him in a day or two at Seattle
to spend her Christmas holidays with him.
He was president of the Latuya Bay Gold
Placer Mining Company of Alaska, and
was going there with his daughter.
Mayer's friends claim that the body was
robbed of over $4000 worth of diamonds
and considerable money. Last night O,2
H. Savajre, vice president of the eom
pai y, visited the Receiving Hospital and
endeavored to ascertain what had become
of his jewelry and money.
\ short time before the fire Mayer was
seen standing In Ihe hotel, lobby con
versing with a friend. In his shirt was a
larg< diamond sun! which he claimed was
worth $200. U,' also had a valuable- gold
watch and chain nnd a pair of diamond
sleeve buttons. After he ixpired his body
was placed In I unc< and at once
conveyed to thi Receiving Hospital.
doctor who was on duty at the
that Mayer was
dead, ordered bis body removed to the
Mo r g
When the body reached the latter In
stitution it was searched, with the result
B few brass buttons were found
in his shirt and cuffs. The costly dia
monds which th< deceased bad worn were
missing, as well as his wallet.
• Inced that the unfortunate man
had been robbed after he had expired,
>1 no time in notifying the po-
Chief Lees detailed Detective Cody
. the missing gems, but up to a late
hour hist night lie had not succeeded in
finding them,
Savage claims that Mayer's trunk was
■ len
i'wo men were se< n leaving the
with a trunk similar to the one owned hy
Mayer a short time niter the lire was dis
i. A description <>f the men has
been furnished the police and every effort
::ig made to run them down.
BALDWIN OWES
A LARGE AMOUNT
His Properties Covered by
Four Mortgages Aggre
gating $1,688,000.
The records in the Tax Collector's of
fice show that B. J. Baldwin has bor
i on four mortgages of
different dat< 3 from the Hibernia Sav
ings and 1. -i Society. The taxable
■he hotel is us follows: Real
estate, $517,900; improvements, $300,000.
Total, $817,
The annex is assessed, real estate.
$225,000; improvements, $27,000. Total,
000.
Grand total of assessed valuation.
$1,069,900.
The dates of the four mortgages.
HIS REWARD WAS DEATH
Brave CAPTAIN WHITE Plunged to an
Awful End on the Pavement.
Fh'>wing when Baldwin was pressed for
money, are as follows:
January 15, 1596, $510,000: April 18,
1896; $315,000; April 16. 1897. $55,000: July
24, I*-:*:, $T50,00u. Total mortgage.
$L 666,000.
The mortgages cover the Baldwin
Hotel and Baldwin Annex, adjoining it,
22,760 acres of land in Los Angeles
County, comprising the Santa Anita
ranch, and property in San Francisco
located at Webster and Fell streets.
Oak and Fillmore, California and Jones
and Stevenson, near Sixth.
The income <>f the Baldwin Hotel
property, including stores, basement,
theater, cafe, and everything else rent
able about the establishment, was fig
ured at $112,000 per annum. The rev
was considerably increased by the
• repairs and remodeling of the
Btructure.
The fire is a serious loss to Mr. Bald
win as it deprives him of the revenue
upon which he relied to pay interest
on the great sum of $1.688,(foO. There is
a good deal of conjecture concerning
his ability to rally again and begin
anew the struggle. It is very well
known - that he has been badsrered.
duiiDed and harassed by creditors Tor
years, yet those familiar -with his af
fairs believed he was in a fair way to
regain -what he had lost, and re-estab
lish his old-time credit.
The disastrous fire came just at the
time when he was beginning to realize
something from recent heavy outlays
in improvements. The insurance
which he receives cuts a small figure
in the matter, as it amounts to only
$50,000 on buildings assessed for $327,000.
1 . ADVERTISEMENTS.
Virginia
Pattern, Imitation Cut Glass.
Cake Stands, Salt and
Pepper Shakers, Sugar
' . and Cream Sets. Given
away free with
American's Best
Teas. Coffees. Spices
Great Americanlmport'gTea Co,
861 Market, 83. Powell 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. . 1419 Polk St.
218 Third St. 1819 Devisadero St.
500 Kearny St. 2008 Fillmore St.
140 Ninth St. 521 Montgomery Av.
2510 Mission St. 1190 Kentucky St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
355 Hayes St. 52 Market St.
, ." : "OAKLAND STORES:
1053WashingtonSt. 131 San Pablo Ave.
917 Broadway. - ■ 616 E Twelfth St.
. .... k 1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA— I3SS Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
•" ":.:'■.- '■■■'■■ We also sell - ,
China. C rockery « G LA6BWARE l
Cheap" Price* in, America,
Write for OateJoxuef.
When the Bank of California went
down in a terrible crash twenty-three
years ago Lucky Baldwin was a multi
millionaire. He was one of the rich
men of California who stood in with
Sharon, Reese and others to regenerate
the bank and place it on a more endur
ing basis than ever. Millionaires may
now come to his rescue and enable
him to erect on the ground now occu
pied by the ruins of the hotel a modern
buildbjg. from which an income may
be derived vastly greater than that
which the old building under the most
favorable auspices could earn.
The real estate is ample to secure the
Hibernia Bank's loan. The great value
of the ground offers to Baldwin his one
bright chance of getting on again in
tht world. He was lucky in getting the
land for $700,000. He was lucky in
court in establishing the fact that
Hewston had agreed to take $700,000.
An incident in the trial of the case is
recalled now as interesting. Hewston,
who made money in Sacramento selling
clothes, came to San Francisco
and made more money. He made BO
much that he could easily afford to
spend some in fine living abroad. While
in Europe he was advised to come home
and ratify an agreement of his agent
to sell to Baldwin the property on Mar
ket, Powell and Ellis streets for $700,
000. He came back at once, and among
the first "forty-niners" that he met was
D. J. Staples. They talked of old times
and incidentally the proposed sale of
the land for $700,000 was mentioned.
Speaking of his future movements
Hewston referred to a chateau in Eu
rope and his purpose to spend some
money to embellish it.
At this suggestion Staples fired up
and read a lesson to his old friend. The
lesson was that money earned in Bell-
Ing clothing to Californians should be
invested in California and not squan
dered in Europe. A few days after this
conversation took place Hewston as
certained that the land which his agent
had agreed to sell to Baldwin for $700,
000 was for a fact worth a million in the
market, hence he declined to sell at the
r figure. A lawsuit followed, and
Staples being called as a witness had to
relate under oath all the talk with
Hewston about the villa which was to
be embellished and adorned with some
of the $700,000. The case went against
Hewston in the lower court, and pend
ing the appeal he died. His widow
thereupon settled the case on a com
promise basis, and the villa no doubt
was embellished according to Mr. Hew
ston's design.
FELL BACK INTO
A TOMB OF FIRF.
One Woman at Least Re
ported to Have
Perished.
At least one woman is reported to have
met a frightful death in the flames.
Martin Finberg. a clerk in the grocery
department of the Emporium, was an eye
witness to the tragedy, and told his story
to a Call reporter yesterday.
"I was standing at the corner of Powell
and Eddy streets," he said, "when I saw
a woman appear at a window in the
cupola soon after Captain White had met
death. She was clad only in her night
garments, and her hair hung loose around
her shoulders. Suddenly the girl threw
up her arms in affright and fell back into
the fiery tomb. I saY her no more, and
am certain she must have perished."
INSURANCE MEN
WERE VERY SHY
Risks All Low and Much Scat
tered — A Total of
$146,000.
Insurance men were shy of Baldwin
Hotel risks. In 1X75, when the hotel
building was erected on ground leased
from Hewston, the clothing merchant,
E. J. Baldwin sought to get a low rate
of insurance. The premises were sur
veyed by D. J. Staples, Mr. Forbes and
others, who had kept a sharp eye on the
1 ulidlng U th<> construction progressed.
The underwriter! reported fixing the rate
at 5 per cent. Mr. Baldwin protested
against the rate, as he considered it ex
cessive and prohibitory. D. J. Staples,
however, refused to recede, and even
counseled the Firemen's Fund to take
no risks even at the 5 per cent figure.
The advice was followed and the Fire
men's Fund is not to-day in the list of
losers.
Lucky Baldwin determined to allow his
property to go uninsured rather that pay
WAS IN THE KITCHEN,
SAYS MARSHAL TOWE
FIRE MARSHAL TOWE. after an investigation as complete as
possible, believes the flre Btarted in the hotel kitchen. The fire
from the ranges or flue, he thinks, burst through into the
theater space, causlne an explosion in that apartment. In an
interview, a guest whose room, was near this locality stated
that he was awakened by cries and Loud sounds coming from the
kitchen and thought It was some commotion among the cooks.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
ABANDONED TRUNKS
ROBBED OF VALUABLES
Startling Discovery Made Which May Involve Certain Mem
bers of the Fire Department.
_. ,-■'_, ■, a icQf Avpnintr that a number of the trunks remaining in the smoldering
The startling discovery was made last e^emn «iat a contents ««
*• The authorities took eve^ precaution Scandalous revelations may result, as' after - the fire had ■ been got
l^tli^^ii^Phi^ the hotel prevented the entrance ° the : building of any.
one not £*^™'^^!£. t value is known to be in the ruins. All day- yesterday guests
£> An immense amount ooff f baggage ( t g; * monds and jewels and trinkets of value of every descrip
were calling upon the department^Baj n ttot/ 1 flameg - Last evening a number of these trunks were found
tion had been . nd . on ! d <; ; n th t e ne ma C e of the police, who allowed only firemen in the building.
Pried TT O he en in aa v n estigation is 'calculated to d^ide whether the police were negligent in their duty or the Fire Depart
ment lax in its hqnesty. - . » - '-"" - - ' V.
a price which he deemed too- high. As
years went along and the predicted fire
came not he began to congratulate him
self on the display of business sagacity _in
refusing to insure. ' He figured what his
annual payments would have a^M >,au;i
had ■he taken out P&Neles and paid P«!
miums and it was not until the H»>ernia
Bank mortgage was placed, "''■«» coy
ered the buildings as well as the gr< v s .
and so companies were again inutco.
ta AA 6 lower rite than 5 per cent was ob
good local agencies came ! In ai.d so^ the
UrAal^m ol the
bU d is too early to accurately calculate
L»fl brJG Edwards., proprietor of
JhP roast Review^ .places the loss on the
butldin at 11.000> P and on hotel furnl
tnre.and merchandise in the stores at
$250 000. This gives the total loss, there
at' f oY-loc'ryesterday afternoon the
Coast Review Issued an extra giving the
following statement of insurance:
BUILDING.
Western Assurance * -•■'"*
Philadelphia Underwriters ».000
Palatine ■•••• .■■.'■-.
Phoenix, Hartford '--m
British America ' £J™
Transatlantic »-™0
Queen • • £•£?
Greenwich •-•■••■•- ?.-..
Sun Insurance Otflce.. ■• b*£l
North British and Mercantile. -..•".>
Norwich Union -.»«*
Royal .""
American, Boston - a ,°J
Aachen and Munich 2,000
Traders ■■ ;■•*"
Milwaukee Mechanics 1.000
Merchants, N. J 1 - 1 '""
Total ? 5 °. 0
STOCKS AND CONTENTS. •
'Lancashire ■••••» 3.000
Norwich Union...- 2.000
Magdeburg : 3.000
Hartford • 1-M0
Manchester < .° ( '2
Caledonian ••• 1.000
North British I.C-W
Phoenix, Hartford 2.000
Niagara S'SS
Thuringta •••••• >-«*>
Royal • -■"""
Connecticut. i-" 1 "
Pennsylvania - 1-000
National. HRrtford J.SCO
Springfield 6.000 ;
Hamburg-Bremen 8,500
Hanover 3.500
Aachen and Munich 4,000
Palatine • s 6.0<10
London and Lancashire 5,000
Aetna 1.000
Franklin 1.250
American. Pa 1,000
Agricultural v 1.500
Total '/ V "2.250
CLOTHING IN ADJOINING BUILDING.
(Smoke and water damage.)
Manchester ••• * 2,500.
Caledonian J»|gJJ
Niagara - '• : .'"
Prussian National '■■■•"'
Royal 6,000
Connecticut 2 "iil
Palatine 1.000
American, Pa 2,500
Svea ; 2.500
Agricultural 1.600
Total % 23..W0
Grand total $146,000
The Baldwin Grotto was insured for
$3000 in the Madgeburg and $3000 in the
Hanover.
George A. Moss, dealer in gloves, had
a stock in store said to be valued at
sso,ooo. He was insured for over $22,000.
The Aetna carried $1000, the Manchester
$1000, Caledonia $1000, American $1000,
London and Lancashire $2500, Thuringia
$3000, National $4500, Sun $2000, Phoenix
$2000.
Well & Beck, dealers in gentlemen's
furnishing goods, carried insurance of
$COOO. The Pennsylvania had $1000, the
Connecticut $1000, Royal $1000, the London
and Lancashire $1000.
The Baldwin Hotel stock of wines was
insured for $2500 in I the Palatine. The
same company insured the silverware of
the hotel for $2500. The Franklin had
$1250 and the Agricultural had $1500 also
on the hotel fittings. Fourteen paintingß
on the first floor of th" hotel were in
sured in the London and Lancashire for
$2500. There was other insurance on these
pictures. Mr. Baldwin and other con
noisseurs placed a high value on the rare
works of art which adorned the barroom
and office of the hotel. Patrons of. the
turf and summer boarders at Lake Tahoe
will regard the loss of these paintings as
a lamentable event, and, next to the loss
of human life, the most serious result or
the fire. „ ,
J. J. Groom's stock of hats was entirely
destroyed. Among his insurance policies
was one in the Royal for $3000.
The Hartford carried $1500 on the stock
in the Baldwin Pharmacy. The Baldwin
Jewelry Company was insured for $2500 in
the Hamburg-Bremen, $2500 in the Na
tional Hartford, $2500 in the Springfield
and $2500 in the Aachen and Munich.
Of the total Insurance the loss is esti
mated at $130,000.
The estimated losses were as follows:
Moses M. Gunst, cigar ' store on the
southeast corner of Powell . and Ellis
streets, about $21,000 worth of stock in
store. Until an examination of the stock
is had it would be impossible to say if
any of the goods have been saved.
A S. Levin, jeweler, 938 Market street,
between $5000 and $6000 in stock. It is
probable that nothing has escaped de
struction between fire and water. Jewelry
valued at about $6000, a considerable quan
moval during the fire.
J. J. Groom, hat store, 942 Market
street. $9000 worth of hats and material.
Nothing saved.
Mrs S. R. ■ Hall, millinery store, 946
Market street. $4000 in stock; Total loss.
J. Edlin, merchant tailor, material on
hand and goods on order, $2500. All de-
The Baldwin Jewelry Company, 94S Mar
ket street, goods, about $4000. The es
timated loss in this place cannot be es
timated, as considerable of the goods may
be saved when the debris is moved.
The Edison Phonograph Company, 950
Market street, managed by Peter Baciga
lupi stock of instruments and material
valued at about $6000. a considerable quan
tity of which can be used at little ex
pense. Total loss may not exceed $4000.
Baldwin Clothing store, 924 to 930 Market
street, running through to Ellis street,
stock estimated at about $20,000. The Mar
ket street portion of the store escaped
without any damage— not even a broken
! pane of glass. This store is under the
annex and was known in former years
as the Arcade. It was built by a man
' named Green before the Baldwin had been
i erected and as a consequence was a sep
arate building, protected by its own wa.lls
and roof, and therefore received no in
jury from either fire or water, except a
i "portion on th<. Ellis street side, but at
that i-nd of the store all the tailoring was
conducted; hence it Is considered that
the loss is merely nominal.
Grant's pharmacy, or, as it was gener
ally known as Baldwin's drug store, was
conducted by Isaac Grant; value of
j stock about $15,000. The damage will
■ probably be equal to the entire amount,
1 as the store received a severe drenching
at the hands of Chief Sullivan, who kept
a stream of water constantly directed on
} the front, in order to prevent explosions
from the chemicals.
i The Powell street front having been used
: as sitting room, billiard mom, grill and
i lunch rooms until recently, the only stores
i or places where business was conducted
i were the barber shop kept by John Brod
erick, whoso stock might be valued at
$500, and the loss probably $150. In one
| of the grill rooms recently vacated a
florist had just taken the place,
and called it the "Flower Basket." About
$160 was destroyed in this place in the
traction of the furniture.
The Baldwin Grotto, or Cafe, as it was
more recently known by, became what it
was forty years ago — a pond. The enor
mous quantity of water pumped into the
building found lodgment in the cellar, and
' sent beer barrels, whisky casks and other
1 stimulating fluids bobbing about on a
j bubbling and very much disturbed sur
| face of. dirty water; limburger cheese,
bologna sausage, boxes of sardines, ham
shanks, sauerkraut, pickles, mixed and
single, with empty and half empty beer
j bottles, glasses, boxes of cigars and case
l goods met and re-me.t in their peregrina
tion about, the enstly tiled floor that a
few brief hours previously had been trod
upon by well-shod feet. What the loss
| in this cellar may amount to cannot be
even guessed at until the water gets
pumped out. It is said that there was
about $7000 worth of stock and furniture
in the place.
On the Powell-street front, in a por
tion of th«> old billiard room, M. A. Ja
cobs had but recently occupied a portion
of the store as a tailor"s establishment.
His stock, whirh was of good quality, may
be valued at $3000. It was all destroyed.
MAID MILLER HAD
A STRANGE WARNING
Why the Actress Left Her
Apartments at the
Baldwin.
Owing to an attack of nervousness,
caused by the sense of an lmDendine
something, one guest of the Baldwin
missed the terrible experience of
Wednesday morning, an escape which
possibly saved her life. She is Miss
Maud Miller, daughter of Joaauin
Miller, who is now playing ingenue
parts at Morosco's Grand Opera-house.
After the performance she went home
to her room on the fifth floor of the
hotel and soon after retired. She was
unable to get to sleep and lay awake
for some time.
"I did everything possible," said
Miss Miller, "to get into dreamland.
MISS MAUD MILLER, Daughtei
of Joaquin Miller.
but I stayed right here. I counted
sheep, said the multiplication table
and thought of all the tiresome things
I could call to mind. I even recited
my stage parts and went through auite
a long rehearsal, but for all that re
mained wide awake.
"Well, I grew more and more sleep
less and nervous and concluded to get
up. Something seemed to be in the
air and I positively got afraid to stay
there any longer. I dressed myself,
wrapped up and left the room. In the
hall I fortunately met an acquaintance
and persuaded him to escort me down
to the residence of Mrs. St. Mary, at
the corner of Sixth and Folsom streets.
There I passed the night and only
knew of the dreadful burning of the
Baldwin when I awoke this mornintr.
My room in the hotel was situated far
from the staircase and I tremble when
I think what would have been my ex
perience had I remained there. As it
Is, I have lost everything I had except
the clothing I stand in. I am not gen
erally nervous and I am not at all su
perstitious, but I shall always feel that
something strange Impelled me to leave
the Baldwin that night."
Miss Miller's story does not end with
her narrative.
Soon after the flames burst out. Hair
Wagner, knowing that she was a guest
at the hotel, hurried through the dark,
smoky corridors to her door. He
knocked and called in vain. Finally
the llames broke out near him and he
waß forced away. Almost suffocated
by the smoke and heat he was driven
out In the ■ main corridor. It was co
dark that he could not see and it waa
with great difficulty that he found his
way down the ioug flights of stairs.
The building was apparently deserted
and he hurried into the street to at
tempt to reach Miss Miller's window by
the fire escape, when he was told by an
acquaintance that she had left the hotel
earlier jn the evening.
At 11 o'clock in the forenoon the peo
ple assembled at their regular rehearsal
at the theater and waited in suspense
for Miss Miller's appearance or definite
j news of her fate. Promptly she came
and the story of her lucky spell of ner
vousness was told.
THEATRICAL FOLKS
SUFFER HEAVY LOSS
Managers Gottlob and Marx
Have Experienced Three
[Fires in One Year.
A strange fatality seems to hover about
the theaters controlled by Messrs. Gottlob
<Sc Marx, for they have experienced three
fires within a year at their places of
amusement. In January last the Colum
bia was burned out, and. strange to say,
the same company now playing there was
the attraction at that time. Then the Cal
ifornia Theater took fire one night in
March, when Melba was filling a popular
engagement. Now comes the third visita
tion at the Baldwin Theater, an<3 yet the
two gentlemen are cheerful under their
losses, which have been very heavy. Mr.
Marx looks upon the third calamity as a
charm and hopes it will prove so.
They had lately completed over $5000
worth of improvements in the Baldwin,
and now all that has gone up in smoke.
They carried $2500 insurance on their car
pets and furniture in the burned theater,
but that will by no means cover their
loss.
William Gillette, who was playing an
engagement that promised to I"- most BUC
cessful, suffered a In** "f JSOOO worth of
scenery and costumes, and carried no in
surance. Messrs. Gottlob it Marx, with
the energy which has at all times charac
terized them, immediately began arrange
ments to transfer the attraction to the
California Theater on next Monday night
It is probable that the engagement will
be for two weeks'. In the meantime they
have put their force of men from the threa
theaters at work painting scenery, manu
facturing properties and constructing the
carpenter work neressary for the produc
tion of "Secret Service." Gillette himself
is gating bids from three firms for cos
tumes, and the production will be given
with as elaborate accessories as the old
one.
Arrangements will be concluded by the
first of the year to play the Baldwin
bookings at the Columbia and those of the
Columbia at the California. It is ex
pected that a magnificent theater will be
constructed on the site of the old theater,
and one with a view to playing extra
ordinary attractions.
Several of the performers in "Secret
j Service" lost considerable property in the
| tire. Their theater trunks, which were in
I their dressing rooms, were entirely con-
I sumed. Miss Hope Ross calculate that
she has lost $2000 in costumes and jewelry.
Stage Manager Joseph Francoeur, at 3
o'clock yesterday afternoon, placed a lad
der on the Ellis-street side of the hotel
and secured his wife's trunk and some
clothes. His own trunk fell through with
the burning floor of the closet and is
probably now in the debris. He also saved
the manuscript and plans of the play.
A. J. Spencer, who represents Jacob Litt
Jn "Mistakes "Will Happen," lost every
thing he possessed. He had $1000 in his
trunk, of which he cannot find a trace.
He was obliged to borrow an overcoat for
himself and several articles for his wife.
He, with a number of others, who were
Euesta at the hotel, took shelter at the
angharn. on Kills street. Manager Gal
lagher of that hostelry said he had loaned
out three pairs of suspenders, a half
dozen shirts, several pairs of socks and
collars innumerable to thespians who had
lost their all. Among those who took ref
uge with him were James Campbell. "Doc
Freeman" of "(Jay Coney Island" and
Mrs. Perry of the "Secret Service" Com-
Mr." Marx is inclined to think the fire
started in the kitchen of the hotel, which
is immediately behind the stage. Man
ager Alfred Bouvier, who was connected
with the theater several years ago, says
he has repeatedly cautioned the hotel
management about their ovens and con
necting pipes. Everything was all right
on the stage when the last man left alter
the performance Tuesday night, and the
watchman made his rounds at 12. 1 and 2
o'clock and did not notice anything wrong.
Mr. Marx emphatically declares that the
fire did not originate on the stage, as has
been rumored.
WHITE'S REMAINS
AT THE MORGUE
Friends Pay Tributes of
Respect to the Dead
Hero.
Scores of friends of Jonathan Lloyd
White visitgd 'the Morgue yesterday
for the purpose of viewing the remains.
More than half the number were ladies.
In the afternoon Deputy Coroner Mc-
Cormick handed over to the I'ublic Ad-
ministrator the property found on the
person of the dead man. The gold
watch showed the effects of the fearful
fall that -killed its owner. The dial
was broken and the works were
stopped by the shock. It was made in
Geneva, Switzerland, and is said to
have cost the deceased $1000. On the
case was the initial "W," composed of
thirty-five small diamonds. On the
other case was the engraving- of a
Knight Templar on horseback, sur
mounted by the legend, "In Hoc Signo
WHAT OLD DAVE
SCANNELL THOUGHT.
OLD Dave Scannell, so long chief of the Fire Department, had his
own opinion of the Baldwin Hotel as fuel for a big fire, and he
used to express it in that forcible diction so peculiar to the old fire
fighter. He said on one occasion:
"That building is a menace to Market street. If a fire ever
breaks out in it all h won't be able to stop it. While I have charge
of the department, if a fire breaks out in it I will not allow one of my men
to enter it. I will fight it from the outside; that's what I'll do. What I
want in case of a fire there is to confine the fire to that building."
Scannell had a standing rule that if an alarm should come- in from
box 47, the "Baldwin box," if .the fire was in the hotel a second alarm was
to be turned in immediately.
Vinces." There was also a $500 solitaire
diamond ring, a gold mat,ch box, bent
from the fall, and the setting of a shirt
stud, from which the diamond had been
lost, the setting having been spread by
contact with the sidewalk and having
dropped out. Judging from the size of
I the setting the stone must have been
! worth $200 at least. It is probably
| lying in the debris near the sidewalk.
The deceased has a mother in New
York, State and was one of a family of
twelve children. The inquest will be
held on Saturday morning. A Coroner's
jur"y was impaneled yesterday after
noon.
Public Administrator Freese applied
for letters of administration upon the
estate of Captain White yesterday af
ternoon. The petition states that the
estate of the deceased consists of real
and personal property of unknown
value. It is reported, however, that
the unfortunate capitalist left property
i valued at $250,000.
ELEVATOR CAME NEAR
BEING A DEATH CAGE
Electric Current Stopped as
a Load of Passengers
Reached the Ground.
Frank Hanna, his wife, Mrs. Ray
Fromberg, the milliner, and her sisters,
Mrs. Susie Lichtig and Mrs. Ettling,
occupied adjoining rooms on the fatal
fifth floor at the Baldwin. Their escape
from incineration was miraculous.
They went down in the electric elevator
and just the instant the car reached
the office floor the current ceased and
the lights went out throughout the
burning building. The passengers on
the last trip escaped being caught be
tween floors by only a fraction of a sec
ond. Mr. Hanna told of the thrilling
incident last night. He said:
"My wife and I were sound asleep in
our chamber when the fire broke out.
Mrs. Ettling, my wife's sister, rapped
violently on our door and told us the
hotel was burning. I opened the door
and saw we had no time to spare.
Seizing the baby, I jumped into the
hall, telling my wife to stick closely to
me.' Then I got all the ladies together
and we ran to the elevator. I knew it
was a dangerous proceeding to go down
FOUND DEATH IN SAFETY.
Heart Disease Claimed Lewis Mayer When
He Gained the Street.
in the elevator, as it might get caught
between floors and we would all be lost.
But I decided on an impulse and told
the ladies to get into the car. A num
ber of other guests also entered and the
boy started on the downward trip.
"I shall never forget my sensations
as we were descending. I heard
women's screams from all parts of the
hotel. These cries mingled with the
hoarse shouts of the men who were as
sisting guests to escape, and the awful
roar and crackling of the flames nearly
paralyzed my power of thought. Then
the fear that the elevator would not
reach the ground floor came upon me
and I felt we were all doomed. The few
seconds required to make the descent
seemed like eternity, and I thought the
distance was thousands of miles.
"An instant before the car stopped at
the office landing eve*y light went out,
and a sudden jerk on the cable told us
the electric current had been severed.
Then I realized what a miraculous es
cape we had. I don't know whether
the other passengers went through the
same experience. I hope they did not."
WORK OF THIEVES
AND PICKPOCKETS
A Number of Arrests Were
Made by the Police
Department.
Thieves and pickpockets made the
most of the opportunities afforded them
to ply their vocations. Policeman
Harry Hook saw three men carrying
away a trunk that contained valuable
Jewelry belonging to a traveling sales
man for an Eastern firm. When ther
saw the officer following them they
dropped the trunk and ran. Hook
fired three shots after them and it is
believed one of the men was hit.
Policeman Stanton and Special Of
ficer H. Smith about 4 o'clock in the
morning saw a man carrying away a
large picture. He was overhauled and
said that "Jake," one of the bartenders
in the saloon had asked htm to foilow
two men \. "~o stole the picture and ar
rest them. He told the same story to
Judge Mogan yesterday morning and
added that the two men had just got
away when the officers arrested him.
He said his name was James B. Brown
and he was a bartender in Folev's
saloon, 19 Steuart street. The charge
against him is petty larceny and the
Judge continued the case till to-mor
row. The heavy oil painting, repre
senting a flock of sheep, is booked as
evidence against him.
Three pickpockets were captured yes
terday afternoon. William King was
working the crowd in front of the Em
porium and was arrested by Detectives
Silve- and Reynolds. When searched
at the City Prison a diamond ring:,
diamond stud and gold watch were
found in his pockets. He is detained
in "the tanks" for further investiga
tion. C. J. O'Brien also made his scene
of operations in front of the Emporium.
He extracted a purse containing: *1 40
from the pocket of a lad-- who had a
baby in her arms. She sot h"M of
him and detained him till Detectives
Reynolds, Silvey and Crockett appear
ed.* He was charged with errand lar
ceny. Thomas Norton is in "the
tanks." He had his hand in the pocket
of a lady whin caught. The police
want the lady to call at headquarters.
She was a small woman dressed la
black.
PRICELESS ART
TREASURES GOME
Mr. and Mrs. Charles L. Ack
erman Suffer an Irrepara
ble Loss.
Probably the heaviest loss suffered
by any individual guest of the Baldwin
falls upon Charles L. Ackerman, whose
priceless art collection and matchless
library were badly damaged. Mrs.
Ackerman lost all her beautiful dia
monds and other Jewelry, the value of
which exceeded $15,000. But both Mr.
and Mrs. Ackerman are thankful they
escaped a horrible death. They occu
pied a corner suite at the Market-Pow
ell-street junction. Soon after they es
caped dense volumes of smoke poured
into all the rooms on the fourth floor,
and any attempt to save Mx. Acker
man's treasures would have been futile
and resulted in loss of life.
Mr Ackerman's books alone were
valued at $10,000. For years he has
been collecting the works of all the
recognized authors, ancient and mod
ern, and the library was a source of in
finite pleasure to himself and lovers of
rare books who had the good fortune to
secure access to these vohimes. Mr.
Ackerman's rare and antique statuary
and paintings, for the size of the col
lection, were in point of artistic ex
cellence superior to anything on this
coast. Yesterday afternoon several
men were employed in recovering these
treasures from the debris. Exquisite
bits of sculptors' skill were lowered to
the ground in baskets, and even In their
cracked and smc-ke-blackened condi
tion excited the admiration of all who
secured a glimpse as they were carried
through the crowd.
Mr. Ackerman is unable to correctly
estimate his financial loss, which is
nothing compared to the destruction of
HEBYOUS_ nun
I Is due to over work, I
>! over study, over ex- I
i haustion or some ■
■ form of abuse. When ■
you abuse yourself ■
you begin to decline. |
Now just stop it and to
get cured with the I
= great Remedy Treat- I
' ment,
HUDYAN
This remedy treatment ires Nervous \
Debility, Neurasthenia, tailing or lost
manhood. It has been used by over 10.-
000 men on the Pacific Coast, and these
men are now cured men. If you doubt
this, read their testimonials or consult
Hudson Doctors free.
HUDYAN
Is to be had only from
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
Write for circulars and testimonials.
BLOOD — pni^nw
BLOOD j>>^: KUlZ>Ul\l
When you are suffering from Blood
Poison, no matter whether it be In the
first, secondary or tertiary form, you
can be cured by the use of the
30-DAY CURE.
'Write for 30-day Circulars.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. '
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. * "
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free. '•
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
t Avoid all drying inhalants
and use that which
cleanses, soothes and heals
the membrane.
Ely's Cream Balm .
is such a remedy and will
"V CATARRH
easily and pleasantly.
Cold in the Head
quickly vanishes. .
Cream Balm is placed into the nostril*.
spreads -over | the memDrane | and .a au^iur^.
Relief is immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying— not produce sneezing. Lawe
BOc: Trial Size 10c; at Druggists or by mail
ELY BROTHERS, 66 Warren St., New York.loved objects which can never be re
plaqed.
CASES ATTENDED
AT THE HOSPITAL
Only a few cases were treated at the
Receiving Hospital. The first was P.
P. Noon of St. Ix>uis, a member of the
firm of P. F. Noon & Co.. dealers in
electrical supplies. He occupied a room
on the east side of the hotel on the
fifth floor, two stories above the roof
■ : the annex. H-> was awakened by a
young night watchman, who led him to
a window ami got him to slide down an
iron standpipe to the roof uf the an
nex. After he got to the end of the
pipe he had to drop about forty feet
upon a mattress. His left ankle was
sprained and his hands and arms skin
ned from sliding down the iron pipe.
George Huber of the Oberon Cafe
weitf up in the elevator to rescue a
friend on an upper floor. In attempt
ing to open the door he pushed his
hand through one of the glass
panels and cut it severely. He rescued
•■end and several others by means
levator and then went to the
Ital to get his wounded hand at
i to. He K'st considerable blood.
About 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon
s Callan, assistant foreman of
engine IT, had his left hand badly cut
by a broken pane of glass. He had it
treated at the hospital.
JURY LOCKED IN
THE DOOMED HOTEL
Led Out by the Bailiff— Oscar
Toile Loses His Ward
robe.
Owing to the fire the trial of Grace
Loose, Elsie Williams and Myron Azh
derlan, charged with extortion, was
continued yesterday until Friday. Os
car Tolle, clerk of the court, was in the
ill-fated hotel when it took fire, and it
was with difficulty that he managed to
escape. His wardrobe was destroyed,
and one of the jurors being in a simi
lar predicament caused the court to
adjourn.
The twelve men who made up the
Jury to try M. J. Gallagher on a charge
of grand larceny were also locked up
In the Baldwin when the fire started.
They failed to agree on a verdict and
Judge Wallace ordered them locked up
for the night. All were sleeping soundly
when the cry of fire rang out through
the corridors of the hotel. Bailiff Peter
Curtis was the first to hear the cry.
He woke the jurors, and, carrying the!
larger portion of their clothes, they
went out into the night in search of
other quarters. They were housed in
a few minutes, and instead of going to
bed remained up to watch the fire and
deliberate on a verdict. In consequence
when they came into court yesterday
morning they handed in a verdict find
ing the defendant guitly. They were
then discharged.
Foil ■ the jurors who escaped
from the burning hotel: John G. Cast-
Xunan. P. FitJKsimmons. R.
11. Hahn, F. M. Oriffln. J. H. Danton.
N. Meyer, P." Burns, Jeremiah Lowney,
John ' onnora, M. Wolfe and William
H. Tii
4 POETESS SAVED
FROM THE FLAMES
Madge Morris "Wagner, the poetess,
w -f the last to leave the fatal
fifth story. Just as the gifted lady,
by her little daughter,
Morris, ami her husband, Harr Wag
ner, the errand staircase she
crash and knew the fifth
■ more.
The lack f wardrobe k<~i>t Mrs. Wag
ner cf>ni : .!.> . to her apartments in the
Lam iterday, where she sought
the fire.
"An awful crash of breaking glass
: me," said Mrs. Wagner.
■Then 1 heard ihe awful cries of fire. I
called Mr. Wagner and we aroused our
little • daughter. I didn't stop to put
on a thing jusi slipped my feet in an
pair of slippers. Little Morris man
aged to gei her shoes and stockings on
and with wonderful nerve calmly gath
ered up all her clothes.
'When I first heard the cry of fire I
was too excited to think. I only knew
■we must g'-t out as quickly as possible.
The very jnoment we reached th^ grand
staircase I heard a dreadful crash. Had
we been a minute later our lives would
not have been spared."
Mrs. Wagner and her little daughter
have n<>t suffered by their terrible ex
perience. Kx< ept for th-> few things lit.
■nag'-<l t" save the entire
.-.■ wardrobe <-f the Wagner household has
. ■
JACK QUINN SAVED
A TRUNK OF MONEY
His Racing Stake Was in
His Room at the
Hotel.
Jack Qulnn, the Eastern bookmaker,
who is operating ai the local tracks,
narrowly escaped losing everything he
had. Several thousand * dollars that
comprise his hook roll and his winnings
on th> season was in a trunk in his
room on the Becond floor, but he forgot
all ab"Ut his valuables "- his efforts to
: inic-stricken women and
children on the fourth ami fifth floors
of the hotel. • >•->'-• when the flames had
cut him of! from his rooms lid he re
menrber v. H.it he had at stake. He
i down to the hotel office and
■] an offer of $100 to the man who
would gel him his trunk, and he was im
mediately taken up by one of .he por
ters, whose name could net b' learned.
J). I In reaching Qulnn's
room and staggered back through tho
and Bmoke of the hallways with
the heav-y trunk on his shou.-iers, only
:■! fall suffocated when safety was al
■ reached. A half dozen courageous
firemen went aftr-r him with wat^r
soaked tarpaulin! and sue eedted in get
tinp him and hi.- burden, to which he
Btfll dung, out Into the f r< •.■•h air, where
he quickly revived. Qulnn made good
the hundred.
JOHN PIRDY NOT
AMONG THE MISSING
He Did Brave Work at Res
cuing the Helpless
Women.
Popular "Jack" Purdy, the poolseiier,
was mourned as one of the ■'■ud until
noon yesterday, when he turned up vol
untarily to answer rollcall at the Audi
torium.
Purdy retired late on Tuesday night,
and when the flre was discovered a
score or more o£ his frifnds tried to
reach his room <ti the fifth floor of the
hotel, but they found their way barred
by a wall of flame and smoke. The
search was kept up all through the
night, but no trace was found of the
missfng man. though he did brave serv
ice in rescuing the women on the fifth
floor and spent the morning after the
flames had driven him out In watching
the progress of the fire.
"My room was in soubrette row,
GEORGE D. BALDWIN A HERO.
Renders Valuable Aid in Saving Lives
That Were Placed in Jeopardy.
Captain Gmrge D. Baldwin of the Eighth California Volunteers performed
superhuman efforts in assisting people to escape from the burning building. The
captain is ox-drill sergeant in the Police Department, having resigned that posi
tion to serve his country and defend its flag. The tactics used by him in training
the polk-e and drilling the soldiers under him proved a very valuable adjunct in
his endeavors to save the lives placed in jtopaWy. With singular coolness he
went about the hotel giving warning, and his calm demeanor served to quell the
frantic spirits of many of the guests. Men who were rapidly becoming violent
blinder the appalling conditions seemed to be quieted by Captain Baldwin as he
proceeded in the performance of ins voluntary duties. He carried scvora!
women who had fainted to places of 3afety, and his name Will go down as one
of the heroes of the fearful calamity.
on the fifth floor," said Mr.
Purdy, "and when th<» fire was
discovered pandemonium broke loose
among the women. They rushed
! into the hallway In th^ir night
! clothes and fought us when we tried
to lead them to the stairways. We had
to use considerable force in saving
those who did get out. Some of them
we literally dragged out. The lights
went out to r. ke matters worse, and 1
thought for a time we were all going
to get scorched before we got out of it.
I but I reckon we will be doing business
i again in the morning."
-♦ — —
DR. J. G. THOMPSON
WAS NOT INJURED
1 ' "
He Pound Safety and Shel
ter at the Grand
Hotel.
Dr. J. G. Thompson, a prominent
physician of Oakdale, turned up last
'. evening to deny that he is among the
! missing, as was stated in the official
list. He was awakened at the first
alarm of fire, and looking from his win
i dow on the second floor saw that the
: flames were in the top of tho house and
he figured that he had all the time he
needed to dress and pack his grip. .
which he coolly proceeded to do. He
had progressed with his dressing as far
as his necktie, when the police broke in
i Ms door and insisted in assisting at his
; rescue. Th°y threw him out, but left
his baggage, for which, as soon as his
, rescuers turned their attention to other
! things, he returned and saved.
Dr. Thompson found quarters at the
Grand Hotel, where he resumed his
slumbers undisturbed.
AS THE GUESTS
TELL THE TALE
Forgot Money and Jewels —
All but Life.
The accounts of the guests differ little
!In the main details. It was almost the
same startled awakening for all, by loud ,
shouts and heavy blows on the doors be- I
hind which they lay sleeping; then the j
struggle, clad in nightrobes, through the |
smoke-filled and stifling corridors in a i
blind search for the stairway; flames that
burst from the roof and upper windows.
It is a remarkable fact that absolutely !
nothing was saved by the fleeing and I
terrified guests. Most of them were peo- j
pie whose apartments contained valuable
personal property, all of which is a total |
loss. Money and jewelry, as well as cost- j
ly furniture, were left in that sudden run [
for life. After the fire had been extin
guished, however, a number of rooms were j
ontered by their owners and jewelry and :
other imperishable articles were found on
mantle or dressing table where they had
been left.
Doubtless one of the greatest individual ■
[ossefl was that of Mrs. Mahoney, wife of j
the late Senator Mahoney. She is $15,000 j
loser.
"My rooms were 262 and 264, on the third
CAPTAIN WITTMAN PROUD OF HIS MEN.
Police Render Valuable Service in Rescu
«
ing Guests From the Burning
Structure,
A short time after the flre broke out Captain Wittman appeared on the
scene with a squad of officers. He ordered them to keep a sharp lookout for
thieves as well as keep the immense crowd of sightseers from interfering
with the heroic efforts of the firemen.
"My idea was first to protect the gursts against being robbed and to
save as much property as possible," remarkfd ihe captain of the Central
station last night. "Immediately after I reached the scene I ordered my
men to throw out the flre rope, thus hoping to prevent the crowd from in
terfering with the firemen. I Mso detailed several men to keep a strict
lookout for pickpockets and thieves, as I feared that they would attempt
to ply their vocation. Sergeant Martin and Police Officer Sylvester imme
diately aft^r the flre was discovered, entered the building and assisted a
number of guests in getting out of the place. Had it rtot been for their
efforts I am convinced that more lives would have been sacrificed. Some
of the officers even risked their lives to save the heliless guests who were
not aware of their danger. There wtre several Instances of the police car
rying out women who were so frightened they did not know how to reach
the stairway. I am proud of the effort of the men and no doubt the Chief
of Police and the Commissioners will thoroughly appreciate thetr work."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSBAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
floor," said she. "whore I lived with my
daughter. I was awakened by blows on
the door and saw the tlames shoot by my
window. After getting out of bed and
into a sealskin coat 1 was led by Officer
Pat McNamara through the smoky hall to
the elevator. I left in my rooms a costly
piano, my daughter Maria's two valuable
violins, diamonds, gold watches and rings,
silverware and costly bric-a-brac. I also
had stored in the building furniture for
ten rooms. My loss stands me fully $15,
000, with, not one cent of insurance."
A. S. Dougherty and his niece, Miss Ada
Neathery, who occupied rooms -lot! and
4i'7. tifth floor, were awakened by cries of
i "Fire!" They groped their way down tho
stairs and left behind all tl^ir money.
jewelry and clothing, lniring the flight
Miss Neathery was overcome by the
smoke and fainted, to revive, however,
i wh^n carried into the open air.
(J. 1.. Mead, the Los Angeles representa
tive of Sherwood & Sherwood, with his
wife, occupied a mom on the first floor
on the Market street Ride. They wore
startled from a sound sleep by a fireman
breaking down their door.
"It is a wonder that we found anything
to wear." said Mr. Mead. "The lights
were out and all the time we were In
'; the house I was almost deafened by the
: frantic screams of people who were rush
: ing here and thoro trying to escape. Out
i side we could bear the awfui roaring of
, the engines, and when near a window one
■ would occasionally get a shower of cold
', water. And over all I could hoar the
| loud crackling of the fire. Well, we got
out safely and this morning I wrapped
i myself uV>. and got some money and
clothing for my wife and self."
B. K. <'offman, a commercial traveler
from Chicago, was asleep In room 238,
i third floor, on the Powell street side. Ho
w;is awakened by a bellboy. He donned
, his trousers and tried to get the rest of
i his clothing Into a trunk, which he found
! he could not carry, and started for the
i street. In his struggle with his burden
\ through the crowd ho lost his trousers
| and walked out of the burning building
in his underclothing.
Linwood Whitney of New York, who
: was here putting a new checking system
in the hotel, was sleeping in an inside
! room on the. second floor near the kitchen.
He got up and opened a window and the
flames swept into his face. Instantly th»
room was filled with smoke and he was
almost suffocated. He Is sure the fire
started In the kitchen. He partly dressed
and hurried out In the hall, where he
hoard persons screaming in the darkness
around him, all the lamps being oxtin
guished. A woman ran violently against
him and he trlofi to lead her toward the
elevator, but she broke away from him
and hurried away. He succeeded In strik
ing the Ellis-street stairway.
Miss Toma Hanlon. leading lady of the
Coney Island Theatrical Company, occu
pied room J7O, on the fourth floor, Market
street side. When awakened she tried to
unlock her door, but in her extreme nerv
ousness could not do so. The door was
finally broken down and the lady led out.
She was in her night dress and was car
ried down the several flights of stairs and
away from the building thus lightly clad
She was prostrated with fright but re
covered during the day. Miss Hanlon has
been through three hotel fires.
John M. Campbell . leading man of the
Coney Island Company, sleeping in room
40«. fifth floor, lost all of his wardrobe
money and jewelry.
Manager H. W. Lake of the Baldwin
Hotel was awakened by Director Marcus
Stone.
"I saw that there was no time for de
lay," said Mr. i^ake. "not even for dress
ing purposes. The roaring of the engines,
the crackling of the flames and the show
ers of sparks falling in the street which
I could hear and see from mv window
hurried me along. I quickly awoke my
wife and little boy and we struck out I
w;is scantily dressr-d. Mrs. Lake had a
cloak on over her nlghtrobe, and the boy
we <arried out just as we took him from
the bed.
"We tramped barefooted to the Lang
ham, where I borrowed a coat, hat and
pair of shoes. Then I came back to look
on while the great hotel burned. I lost
everything I owned. I think the loss to
the management is about $75,000, with lit
tle insurance. Of course, this does not
include loss on building and furniture.
The former was worth $750,000, the latter
$250,000, and property of guests about the
same amount. Total about $1,125,000.
"I am sure all escaped, as everybody
was notified in time. Still it is imposssi
ble to know i st now whether any more
lives have been lost or not. I trust not."
Manager J. P. Gallagher of the Hotel
Langham, to which house about twenty
five of the burnt out guests went, turned
over his wardrobe to the scantily dressed
masculines. He contributed three coats,
two overcoats, two pairs of shoes, three
pairs of trousers, two pairs of socks and
three pairs of suspenders. Mr. Galla
gher is wearing the jacket of his porter
and has fastened his trousers up with a
bale rope.
A RELIC OF THE
OLD BONANZA DAYS
Of Handsome Appearance but
Always Regarded as a
Fire-Trap.
The Baldwin Hotel, like the Palace, was
one of the many projects that was car
ried out by those who made fortunes
during the great bonanza days of tne
early seventies. The building: of the Bald
win was contemporaneous with the erec
tion of the Palace, the latter going up to
its massive dimensions under the direction
of the late William C. Ralston and the
former under the eye of E. J. Baldwin.
It was in the early part of 1872 that
"Lucky" Baldwin, with a view to placing
on Market street what he declared woultl,
from an architectural point of view, be
one of the finest buildings of the times,
set about to find a site upon which to
erect the building, which, after being
opened as a hotel, became worlu re
nowned. After a long survey of what he
thought would be a suitable site, he se
lected a part of what at one time in the
history of San Francisco was known as
St Ann's Valley. In fact, it was the
eastern boundary of the valley, and for
many years on the opposite side, on which
stands the St. Ann's building, there was a
nursery from which thousands of bou
quets were furnished to the fasnlonable
people of the city. He selected the
ground on the east side of Powell street,
running eastward to where now stands
the Baldwin Annex, taking in the entire
frontage on Powell and on Market and
Ellis streets. The site was covered with
several frame structures of fair preten
sions and a number of old structures that
were hurriedly erected when the people,
afte? the breaking out of the War of the
Rebellion, commenced to desert Kearny
and Montgomery streets north of Cali
fornia and also the cross streets.
Mr Baldwin, with that luck which was
proverbial with him, and which won for
him the sobriquet by which he is known
al l over the land, purchased piece after
piece and secured much of the property
at what was then considered reasonable
figures for. at that time there were but
few who even dreamed that Market street
would become the great thoroughfare it
In since become. notices on all the ten-
In 1573 he served notices on all the ten
ants to vacate and then one by one the old
structures came down. The only ones
saved were the more pretentious buildings
and they were moved westward by the
owner, who located them on other prop
erties 'owned by him. Then commenced
the work of clearing the ground for the
foundation, and in the removal of the
sandy soil there was encountered a spring
which was one of the many that were the i
result of seepage of the rains of winter,
and which flowed from the west into ,
Hayes Valley, percolating '.lie sand In that
direction and also in the direction of Mar- ,
ket and Seventh streets, at present the ;
site of the Odd Fellows' building. This
spring was the source of considerable
trouble In the work of laying the founda
tion, but the annoyance caused was over
come' and the building progressed.
While it was in process of erection there
were many who expressed the opinion ;
that it was "only a fire trap." Still it I
SAVED HIS VIOLIN.
Professor Stark Braves Death
for a Fiddle.
Fire and the fear of death did not '
separate Professor Starke, leader of the !
Grotto orchestra, from his beloved violin. I
Attired In nothing more than a night robe
he took to the life rope at the fifth story.
But he clutched it only with one hand-
In the other he carried the fiddle. He
finally reached the street in safety and l
was loaned clothing for himself and J
shelter for the violin, both of which he
accepted.
went up story after story, and 'it. was ob
served that only one portion, that devoted
to the purpose of the theater, had in it a
partition of brick. That was necessary, na
a frame one would not have been of suffi
cient strength ,to support the galleries.
In time >he structure was capped with a
mansard roof and then came the plaster
and the paint, which hid from view the
really flimsy material of which the build
ing was constructed.
ft was finished and presented a fine ap
pearance, and "Lucky's" fondest hope
was realized. He had one of the hand
somest buildings on Market street.
There was one man in San Francisco
who did not have a good opinion of the
hotel, and that was the late David Scan
nel, Chief Engineer of the Fire Depart
ment. Standing one. day in front o^the
hotel after it was in full operation j.e
said to a friend: "That building is a
menace to Market street. If a fire ever
breaks out in it all h— won't be able to
stop it. While [ have charge of the de
partment and a fire breaks out in" it I will
not allow one of my men to enter It. I
will fight it from the outside; that's
what I'll do, sir."
He also had a standing rule .while he
was in charge that if an alarm came in
from box 47. which was known as "the
Baldwin box," and it should i happen that
the fire was in the hotel, that a second
alarm should be sent in immediately so
as to bring the entire department to the
spot. "What I want to do in ca.se of a
fire there," he paid, "is to confine the fire
to that building."
Dave Scannel did not live to see a fire
in the hotel, but when it did occur the re
sult shows how prophetic was his words.
The hotel was opened with great eclat
in 1575, and about the same time the
Academy of Music was { opened by Tom
Maguire. the Napoleon of San Francisco
stage managers. Subsequently the name
of the place was changed to the Baldwin
Theater. :
Yesterday E. J. Baldwin stood In the
doorway of the Annex looking sad as he
realized the loss which had befallen him.
When a word of condolence; was "spoken
.to him he replied in a sad voice. "It is
one of the events that one must expect in
the course of a lifetime."
THEY TOOK NO
TIME TO ARGUE
The police did meritoriously at the fire.
Immediately after the first alarm was
sounded Sergeant Martin, with a posse of
officers, was on the scene, assisting the
HEROINE OF THE CUPOLA.
Miss Kate Richardson, Who Snatched Three
Lives From the Curling Flames.
occupants of the building to escape. Mar
tin, accompanied by Policeman Sylvester
and Special Huey Smith, went through
the burning structure awakening the in
mates and assisting them in getting out.
On account of the electric current being
shut off the place was in total darkness.
The officers were supplied with candles,
and with this dim light they went to each
room and aroused the sleeping inmates.
One woman, who had not felt tne ex
plosion, was peacefully sleeping in her
room when the officers rapped on her
door. After informing her of her danger,
as she did nut show any inclination to
leave the hotel. Martin and his men
broke down the dour. She seemed to be
in a stupor, and without waiting to let her
dress herself the officers picked her tip
and carried her downstairs. A citizen,
noticing her preuicament. took off his
coat and wrapped It around her. Subse
quently she was tnken In charge by a
friend, who escorted her to a lodging
house on Ellis street.
INCIDENTAL TO
THE CONFLAGRATION
Remarkable Fortitude of
Women in the Burning
Building.
J. C. Walker, thf- Fresno capitalist,
■with his wife and daughter, Miss Lottie
Ruth Walker, occupied rooms on the fifth
floor. Mrs. Walker, thoughful of the ad
vanced age of her husband, urged him to
hurry on before her and their daughter.
Mrs. Walker, with unusu.il fortitude,
stopped to dress, and Miss Walker not
only got her clothes on, but managed to
save her sealskin sack. Mr. and Mrs.
Walker were carried down to the land
ing on tho elevator.
The Walkers were on their way to Hon
olulu and lost property worth $2000.
Miss Minnie Sullivan and Miss Emily
yon Blomberg. both chambermaids In the
hotel, occupied adjoining apartments in
the cunola at the Powell and Ellis street
end of the hotel. Miss Sullivan mourns
the loss of all her personal effects and a
trunk containing $500. the accumulated
I earnings of many years of service.
Mies Katie Hart, Miss Kate Richardson
and Miss Gussie Johnson, the three
young women who owe their lives to the
bravery of J. L,. White, escaped without
a scratch.
The first stuff removed from the burned
building were the trunks and valuables
of Mrs. T. C Black and Mrs Jones, who
occupied room 102. About $2000 worth of
jewelry was recovered, and a sack con
taining nuggets and gold coin to the
I value of $IiUO was found in a locker.
Starter JamesCaldwell wasa heavy loser
by the fire. He escaped with nothing but
an old suit, leaving behind $70 in coin and
a small fortune In jewelry.
! John Morrieey, manager of the Orpheu...i
i Theater, occupied a room on the Powell
i and Market street corner of the i_aldwin
i Hotel, and when the tire broke out had
I an experience which he docs not care to
! have .repeated. At first Jje did not re
! spond to a call, but an olucer directed a
' man to stand at the door or. his room and
see that he was safely out of the building.
i As he assisted bis wife along the corridor
the flames broke through tne walls, and
for a moment it seemed as if every avenue
of escape had been closed. Piloted by a
messenger boy he finally made i.is way
to the entrance.
"My losst-s will amount to more than
$10 000," he said. "There were articles
destroyed which had been the result of
i years of search and travel. We saved
I practically nothing." 9
I Charles Ackerman, of the law firm of
Naphtaiy Fredenrich & Ackerman, esti
mated his loss at $511,000; all of the family
I oil paintings, bric-a-brac, jewelry, cloth
! Ing of himself, wife and children, besides
! his library and other property went up
To the t'mely arrival of Police Officer
F G Howard of the Central station the
roomers on the third floor owe their lives.
Howard was on his beat on Webgigr.
Ftreet when the ft re bell attracted his at
tention and on looking eastward he saw
the sky light up with trie, reflection of tne
burning building. On arriving at the hotel
he at once dashed into the building, and
finding no person giving the alarm on the
third floor ran along the hallway and
kicked on every door.
During the afternoon and while the men
from tho fire patrol were searching the
burnt building for such property as had
not been destroyed Fire Marshal To we
found In one of the rooms a hand satchel
such as might be carried by a physician.
Among its contents, in which there was a
small sum of money, was a card with the
name of "Dr. J. Stow Ballarci, ClO Hyde
telephone number, E 30(8." Dr. Mallard
said the satchel was not his, nor did he
know to whom it did belong; he had not
been staying at the Baldwin Hotel.
One of the fortunate Individuals who re
covered his property before the lire
reached his room was Jack Quinn, the
horseman. When aroused from sleep he
rushed to the street without stopping to
dress or secure his valuables. When he
reached the office he remembered a large
sum of money he had left In his trunk and
offered $100 reward for its recovery. The
night porter of the hotel rushed up the
stairs through the smoke to Mr. Quinn's
room. He got the trunk containing the
money and started back. While the porter 3
was in the room the fire had gained great I
headway in the corridor and he barely i
escaped with his life. He reached the top j
of the stairs on the second floor and sank <
exhausted to the floor. Several men who
heard his cries for help dashed to his res- ]
cue and succeeded in dragging him down i
to safety just In the nick of time.
Barmy Schrelber. the well-known horse- r
man, occupied a room on the third floor <
of the Baldwin, fronting on Powell street. \
His experience was similar to that of the 1
other guests, except that he was one of t
the later ones to get out and was almost 1
overcome by smoke before he reached the ]
stairway. Mr. Schreiber was only scant- <
lly attired when he reached the street. <
Yesterday afternoon two men climbed up J <
the flre escape to Mr. Schreiber's room
and recovered his trunks and valises.
Everything in thf> apartm°nt was ruined
by water and smoke. Barney says his loss
does not amount to much.
Night Watchman Buckley of the Bald
win 1b deserving of great commendation
for the gallant manner In which he acted
during the terrible ordeal of yesterday
morning. When the fire was discovered
he saw it was useless to attempt to extin
guish the flames. Buckley ran to the up
permost floor, where the attaches of the
hotel were quartered, and his herculean
efforts to arouse the sleeping inmates
saved scores of lives. He remained on the
top floor until his own life was in danger
and then went to the floor below. He ran
through the corridors knocking at each
door and calling loudly to any one who
might not have already escaped. Wh°n
the electric lights went out he stood at
the heart of the stairs and continued to
call "This way. Stairway is here. Come
this way." This he repeated from floor
to floor, only descending toward the
ground when the flames almost enveloped
him.
J. H. Wadsworth, nephew of the mana-
STARTED IN THE HOTEL KITCHEN
Captain Hock's Theory of the
Origin of the Baldwin fire,
"We are convinced that the fire started In the kitchen on the
Ellis-street side." said Fire Marshal Cnmstnpk last evening. "When
we turned out ttl New Montgomery street the flames were already
bursting through the roof. They were sucked up by the elevator
shafts and the building was fired on every floor.
"It is the biggest and costliest fire this city has had in year*, and
it was one of the hardest to fight that has come within my experi
ence ' AH the fire wagons in America would have made no more im
nresrion on it than we did. We had plenty of watar, the men of the
department worked splendidly, there was no mishap to the apparatus .
and there was no wind, and yet all we could accomplish was to keep
the fire confined in its original limits. _ "{., _
"I do not care to say what the loss may be. At this time any fig
ures on that pofnt would amount to nothing more than pretty bad
guessing."
* 'tv-oii* Forgo & Co., arrived in the
California. He wenuo m on tne third
was a^igned^to^m^^ all the cloth-
Is confined to "£. rf "1 from acute proa
street. She is sunennß attending
Fredericks the proprietress of the flower
Jtore recently built on the ground floor of
{?»,. ore yesterday afternoon i and
found It in 'almost the same condi
i ion that she left it the night before, as
fir a" her "took of floral wealth was con
cerned. Knowing that purchasers for the
flowers would never come and that she
Jould not possibly dispose of them, she
necorited thr coats of all the police offi
cers It the vicinity with bright bouton
nfere "ami loaded them down with all sorts
bmioiVets Mrs. Fredericks took pos
session of the store last Friday after
"Tate last evening the work of taking
out of the rooms the little that was left
unburned was begun. Guests of the ho-
Fel who had bern driven from their rooms
by the flames hired firemen, underwriters
and any one they could find to make their
wav Into the building and search for what
might remain of the possessions left be
hind when the owners had sought safety
ln The S property of a number of bookmak
ers and business men has been taken out
of the gutted building. Among this is
the books and. other belongings of Vir
giniaCarroll, who occupied rooms on
the Ellis-street side on the fourth floor.
The police kept a vigilant watch for
sneai thieves and demanded _ from each
nerson who entered the building his au
thority for so doing. A . hinatown guide
named Lewis was ordered away from the
ruins of the hotel, and when he produced
an order from a man named Freeman per
mitting him to enter his room Lewis was
ken by Sergeant Helms to Manager
1 ake Colonel Kowalsky and Police Com
missioner Gurist who revoked -the order.
\bout 7 o'clock Captain Comstock of the
Firo Patrol got the large pumping engine
fo work The cellar is filled with water
almost to the level of the sidewalk and
it will take a good portion of to-day to
et WiVh 'the story of the destruction of the
Baldwin by fire may be mentioned vie !
Set that on the morning of the 12th inst.
at an early hour a small fire was dis- j
covered in that locality. Against the wall
of the building, close to the stage en
trance on Ellis street, was ! a large box
filled with paper rubbish. It was found
to be burning by the police officer on duty
there and an alarm turned in. Engine 17
promptly responded , and the flames were
extinguished. Among the half-consumed
contents were rags and bits of paper that
evidently came from the theater, and the
mass when stirred gave out a strong odor
of coal oil.
«.
MISS PERRY LOST
ALL HER CLOTHES
She and Her Mother Had
a Lucky Escape From
Danger.
Mis<^ Perry, leading lady of the "Se
cret Service" Company, was one of the
victims of the Baldwin ftre. With her
mother she had apartments on the fourth
floor. Both had retired after the theater
and slept peacefully until frantic blows
upon the door brought them out on the
floor.
They did not know who warned them.
! but from Misa Perry's account of the
] occurrence, he was "a gentleman," and
after he had helped them down through
the smoke and cinders he disappeared
without giving his name.
"We were frightened, of course," said
, Miss Perry, "but I was not so badly
, frightened as 1 supposed I would be under
such circumstances. It was not so bad
as a tornado. I don't know what would
have become of us if that man had not
warned us of the danger. We had no
! time to dress— we just threw on old skirts,
and then we had to run.
"We came down here to the Palace at
once and we wul have to stay here until
we get more clothes. We lost every stitch
wh had— several hundred dollars' worth —
but otherwise we escaped. I took my
money but nothing else, f will have some
more stage clothes by Monday and will be
ready to go on again then. Beyond the
loss of our clothes neither my mother nor
myself suffered at all by the fire. It was
a narrow escape for us."'
THE GRAPHOPHONES
SANG "A HOT TIME"
All day Peter Bacigalupl of the Edison
Phonograph Agency. 946 Market street,
dug amid the charred ruins of his elec
tric machines for the scorched nickels
and metal checks.
"Just $12,000," said Peter, "lies in that
wreck and not a nickel— not even a little
round check-is insured."
Then he emptied the contents or a
blnckened tin coin till into his coat
pocket.
"I intended to put a little fire risk on
those machines, but put it off instead, and
pn you see I had machines to burn."
And the battered graphophones lying in
the muddy ashes softly Rang. "A Hot
Time," etc., in unison to Bacigalupfs
melancholy joke.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Brnmo Quinine Tablets. All
druarKiats refund the money if it falls to cure.
25c The Renuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
EMPORIUM ENTERTAINMENT.
Upon invitation of the management the
i employes of the Emporium and Golden
Rule Bazaar assembled at the Emporium
i last evening to take part In an elaborate
I Thanksgiving eve entertainment Provided
solely for their benefit. Noah Brandt 3
orchestra furnished music for the dane-
I ing in which over 40rt couples participated.
During the elaborate and substantial ban
i quet which followed, the following pro
i eramme was presented by Emporium tal
ent Vocal duet, by Mr. and Miss Schus
ter' «ong "I Love You Best." by George
i Gunn? specialties, by Major A. J Criqul
Uhe Lilliputian,: "Life's Lullaby " by
i Mi«s T. Silvester; "Just Behind the
Tirn^ '• by Frank Gunn; specialties by
' J Roth- negro specialties, by the Misses
i A Patterson and E. Walt hour; and fancy
I dancing by Miss Henrietta Moynes.
That the cash boys might snare in the
; evenfng " merrymaking, they were sent
in a body-to the number of 130-to the
j Orpheum'. and were subsequently pro-
vided with refreshments at a restaurant.
Albert Dernham, vice-president; Henry
Dernham, treasurer; Andrew M. Davia,
secretary, and Directors A. B. C. Dohr«
mann, F. H. Dohrmann and Marcus L.
Gerstle of the Emporium and Golden Rule
Bazaar Company were present and ap
peared to derive as much enjoyment from
the festivities as their numerous and de
liphted .eruests.
;•:, Ai)VEBTISEM.ENTS. -"
.-««■» The lips may laugh
A QjdMfrßJLjt when the body itself
Ki%*llvl> > s crying out in an-
@yHH^&29f uish ' When a wo-
\mKA k » fejo*v/nian laughs it does not
rfSgflßHr*- v always mean that she
\&r&& i9i 9 happy. It is a
f /iV X^\ woman>s province
/ /Sj^ s'***'5 '***'- ii" to please, and she
l " Pi \s* > s __ - V>-y -1 will bravely en-
Y)<Jtss % deavor to do this
>^p*LjiC \srjtl under the mo*
v* /•jiP*^.", '^^/s^' harrowing cir-
"~" i ~*^f\ cumstances. Thou-
~X» \. mV sands of women
iff 1 I\\ w^° are considered
qJII I I happy, and charm-
H\ '•/l ' V ■ \\ a £> and entertain-
II ' A\ \ ing, secretly endure
i I . / //1\ 'suffering that
II 1 /|lll\\ would drive the air-
II \■ / 1/ |/\\eragemantoamad.
/I ' *" |///?ihonse. In 'almost
■/ .' v 'every instance these
sufferings are due
to disorders of the distinctly feminine or-
ganism. They rob a woman of her health,
her beauty, her amiability, her usefulness
as a housekeeper, her. capability as a moth-
er, and her charm and power in the social
and religions world. i» t ■-
There is a safe, sure, speedy and perma-
nent remedy for these troubles. It is Dr.'
Pierce 's Favorite Prescription. It act? di-
rectly on the delicate ana important femi-
nine organs that bear the brunt of matern-
ity. It endows them with health, strength,
vigor and elasticity^ It allays inflamma-
tion, heals ulceration, soothes pain and
stops exhausting drains. It banishes the
maladies of the expectant months, and
makes baby's ; advent e?sy and . almost
painless. ' It insures the little new-comer's
health and an . ample supply* of nourish-
ment. It ' fits for wifehood and mother-
hood. Thousands of women who were
almost hopeless invalids have testified to
their recovery" under this wonderful: medi-
cine. -M edicine dealers sell it. Accept no
substitute or inferior imitation. '^.'^VT, 1 v.
"For seven vears," writes Mrs. Leoisa ' Ar-
thurs, of Ostwalt. Iredell Co., X. C. "T suffered
untold ; agony from female weakness. , I? then r
commenced taking Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pit
scription and improved very fast. It saved my
Only 31 one-cent stamps to cover mailing
of a free paper-covered copy of Dr. Pierce''
Common Sense : Medical Adviser. Cloth
binding 31 stamps. Send to Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y.
34
"ARRANGEMENTS
CHANGED; HEDGE
YOUR MONEY"
Telegram Sent From
New York.
CAME TO WESTERN BETTORS
MEANT THAT THEY SHOULD
BACK SHARKEY.
Evidence That the Fiasco of Tuesday
Night Was Planned With Intent
to Defraud the
Public
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. ' Nov. 23.— the rage
'vented to-day by lovers of sport there
, were few pleasant words and these
! were all far "Hoaiest John" Kelly, who,
I voicing the pubffic belief that James J.
; Corbett lost ito Thomas Sharkey by a
; prearranged foill. prevented further
swindling by declaring ail bets off.
. But Kelly, could , not make 1 the com
plete reparation due to thousands who
j paid willingly to see what they, were
'led "to believe wocld be a battle royal
; at the Lenox Athletic Club last night.
He could net give back nor order re
stored the ; $47, that was paid Into
■ the pockets of the men who managed
: this, one of the most flagrant pugilistic
• outrages ever perpetrated on a sport
' loving community. That money is in
the pockets of somebody and to the
knowledge of that fact is added the be
lief growing stronger every hour that
thousands of dollars more were spent
by somebody before "Connie" McVey
jumped into the ring and made Corbett
an instant loser by his action. For
proof the public looks in many places, i
but in none can it find stronger evi
dence than that found to-day. Men
who were betting their money on Cor
bett sent three telegrams westward.
One went to Seattle, another to San
Francisco and another to Portland, j
Or. The telegram was to a supporter
of Corbett and read:
• + ♦♦>♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦■♦■■♦■•:
♦ ♦
-f "Arrangements changed; -f
•4- hedge your money." +
Was there conspiracy? From dozens
of sources evidence pours in to prove
that there was. Who was in it? The
public asks '•Connie" McVey to give it
evidence as to that, but it is not de
pendent on any statements or confes
sion he may make ttf turn what was
its suspicion into what now is its firm
belief. Only physical proof can make
those who were witnesses of the fiasco
believe that McVey, the trained fighter
of many years' experience, the cool
headed handler and adviser of pugilists
in action, quick-witted and self-con
tained, jumped into the ring without
being perfectly aware of the fact that
he was about to cost Corbett the de
cision.
McVey says he lost his head. There
are those who pay that $5000 would
represent the total value of the loss.
For this last statement Western book
makers are largely responsible, and
their statements throw more light on
the peculiar ending of the fight than
those of the angry men .>f New York.
Thousands and thousands of dollars
were sent to Western cities to be placed
on Sharkey. In San Francisco the
amount wagered on th£ result was at
least $150,000. In Chicago $200,000 was
put up and half as much again was dis
tributed among other cities far removed
from the scene of the bogus battle.
In all these places the confidence of
Fhrewd men in Sharkey was so wonder
ful that suspicion was the natural out
come. They could not be risking their
money using the "form" of the fighters
as a base of judgment. They could not
be favoring Sharkey because of his
wonderful science. They did not turn
against Corbett because he had fallen
off in skill so tremendously that they
could hazard fortunes against him.
Thr-y had their reasons, however, and
there was no limit to the money that
was offered to those who still kept
faith in Corbett.
These men received their tip direct i
from New York. They were agents of
Western bookmakers who were in this
city, and who, feeling around carefully,
beard whisper after whisper that Cor
bett's corner would be the losing one
on Tuesday night in some way or an
other. McVey showed the way it could !
be done. The crookedness was seen in I
the West before it was discovered by i
those whom the discovery cost $47,876.
Corbett was seen at his elegant and
luxuriously furnished house at 117 West
Nineteenth street.
"Really, I hardly know what to say
about the affair," he remarked. "No
ADVERTISEMjSKTS.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the oxeretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a #oap with no free al-
kali in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts oi people use it.
WILLIAM E. ARTHUR
DIES AT PASADENA
Paralysis Ends tf)e Life of the
BrilliaQt Youog Lawyer and
Politician.
WILLIAM E. ARTHUR.
PASADENA, Nov. 23.— William E. Arthur died at his home on
South Orange Grove avenue at 2:30 o'clock this afternoon. About
a week ago he was stricken with paralysis, and from that time he
never regained consciousness. At times he would raise his left
hand to his head as if in pain, but that was the only sign of life
he gave. His right side was wholly paralyzed.
Since 1890 Mr. Arthur had been City Attorney of Pasadena, and
he was recognized as one of the best municipal attorneys in Southern
California. He came to Pasadena from Indiana in ISBB. In the last
campaign he managed the fight of Congressman-elect R. J. Waters
with his usual ability. He leaves a widow and a two-year-old child.
Mr. Arthur was a recognized leader in Republican politics, espe
cially since he presided at the State convention at Sacramento in 1896.
He was only 33 years of age. The entire community is saddened by
the passing of the brilliant young man.
one is so depressed as I am at the
action of McVey, which lost me the
fight."
"Jim, many think you yourself were
one of those in the job and bet on
Sharkey."
"Never in my life have I been ac
i cused of utter Ignorance. People gen
j erally, I believe, have given me some
credit for possessing some intelligence.
Now, with a spark of intelligence in
my brain, do you think I would have
so bungled affairs In such a way? I
think the mere fact that the actions of
■ McVey appeared so palpable is cvi-
I dence that I was not at the bottom
of it."
"Do you think McVey sold you out?"
"I cannot believe that he did. W T e
have been too close in our relations.
If there had been any funny business
on his part I would certainly have seen
some change in him while we were
training. I don't say that he didn't
sell me out. but I can't bring myself
to think that h<> did, for I have been
most liberal with him."
ROBBERS RAID A
MISSOURI BANK
i A Night Watchman Bound and
Gagged and May Die From
Exposure.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 23.— At Elsberry,
| Mo., sixty-eight miles north of here, on
the St. Louis, Keokuk and Northwest
• crn Railroad, robbers made a desperate
i attempt to rob the Lincoln County
: Bank. It is not known how much, if
1 anything, they obtained. As a result of
rough treatment received from the rob
bers, John Wiseman Waters, the night
i watchman of the town, who is 60 years
!of age, may die. He was found at an
i early hour to-day, bound and gagged,
' lying in the open air, where he had
been left by the robbers. He was badly
| frozen.
When President F. H. Harvey arrived
at the bank this morning he found the
vault doors wide open. The safe inside,
containing $10,000, was closed and he
' was unable to open it. An expert safe
i opener was sent from here at the re
■ quest qf the bank officials. The St.
j Louis expert worked all afternoon on
'< the safe, but could not open it. He is
; emphatic- in the statement that the rob
! bers failed to open the safe. Another
expert was taken from St. Louis to
i night and is now at work on the safe.
Watchman Waters is still in a pre
carious condition, but may recover. The
bank was obliged to close for the day,
but will reopen Friday.
MORIARITY MAY NOT
BE THE RIGHT MAN
SAN BERNARDINO. Nov. 23.— Wells-
Fargo Detective J. B. Hume of San Fran
cisco has been here a couple of days en
gaged on the Daggett train robbery case.
He left this morning to personally work
over the scene of the hold-up. The im
pression is gaining with the authorities
that Moriarity may not be the right man.
Engineer Bunnell in his testimony at the
Coroner's inquest asserted that the rob
ber with the rifle tired a supposed signal
when the train stopped the second time.
The examination of Moriaritys gun shows
It was not used recently. Still there is
strong evidence against him. His prelim
inary examination will be held after
Hume's investigation.
No doubt the accomplice went to Dag
gett after the hofd-up, for the Sheriff
searched the country and found no tracks
leading from the place of the hold-up.
The second robber could have been cap
tured had some one remained behind when
the train pulled out, as the tracks Bhow
that the man returned, looked at his dead
comrade amd then started afoot for Dag
gett.
The authorities have been unable to
trace Eisler's past. It is known he did not
come from Los Angeles. The belief is
that he might have been connected with
the New Mexico hold-up at Grants, and,
after the gang broke up, wandered this
way. It is certain he was no workingman,
but an athletic, finely muscled man.
Martial Law at Fana.
PAN A, 111., Nov. 28.— Governor Tanner's
proclamation declaring martial law in
Fana went into effect at 5 o'clock this
evening. There was no disorder to-day,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
WILL BACK OP
CHINA'S EMPEROR
Demands to Be Made by
England.
REGENCY NOT RECOGNIZED
i
WORK OF REFORM MUST NOT BE
SUSPENDED.
British Minister Seeking to Get the
Acquiescence of Other Powers
to the Proposed Repre
sentations.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
TACOMA, Nov. 23.— The Northern
Pacific liner Olympic brings the follow
ing Oriental advices: A telegram pub
lished by the Chuwo states that Sir
Claude Mac Donald, the British Minis
ter at Peking, will probably make the
following representations to the Chi
nese Government on the subjoined
points at an early date: •
1. The treaty powers will not recognize
the restoration of the regency on bo flimsy
a pretext as the ill health of the Emperor,
which Is not sufficient to justify a change
in the sovereignty.
2. The work of reform Btarted by the
ESmperor must not be suspended, not only
in the interests of peaed in the East, but
for the sake also of th% maintenance of
the Chinese empire.
3. It is contrary to the principles of hu
manity to visit capital punishment upon
political antagonists, and this practice
must be discontinued In future.
4. The Chinese Qovernment must take
greater precautions to prevent assaults by
natives on foreign residents in Peking in
broad daylight.
The British Minister is now conduct
ing negotiations with the Ministers of
the other powers on the subject, but no
decision has as yet been arrived at.
According to a telegram received by
the Osaka Shosen Kwaisha of Osaka \
from its branch office at Hankow, the
houses destroyed by fire at Hankow on
October 1 numbered more than 18,000 al
together, 3500 persons having been
burned to death.
BLANCO'S RESIGNATION
ACCEPTED AT MADRID
Captain General Spared the Duty of
Surrendering Cuba to the
United States.
MADRID, Nov. 23.— After the meeting
of the Council of Ministers last night It
was said nothing definite had been de
cided in relation to the subject of the
peace negotiations.
The Official Gazette publishes a decree
accepting the resignation of General Blan
co as Governor General of Cuba.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— N0 surprise
is expressed in Government circles at the
news of General Blanco's resignation. It
is known that some time ago the general
sought to resign the office of Captain Gen
eral of Cuba, and he was induced to re
tain that post only by appeals to his pa
triotism. It is supposed that his pur
pose is to avoid what he may regard as
the dishonor of surrendering the Gem of
the Antilles to the United States. The
Captain General of the Philippines took
the same course. General Arolas, the sec
ond in command, is likely to have the un
pleasant duty of surrendering Spanish
sovereignty over Cuba. It is believed that
Blanco's action will not in any way af
fect the evacuation, save in the possibil
ity it contains of inciting trouble among
the Spanish troops.
m m ■ -
Advances made on furniture anfl pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Misaion.
SPAIN WILL
CONSENT TO
OUR TERMS
Ready to Accept AH
Conditions.
TO RELINQUISH PHILIPPINES
AND THE PEACE TREATY WILL
SOON BE SIGNED.
Bios Continues to Play to the Gal
lery, but the Other Castilian
Commissioners Are Will
ing to Conclude.
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
PARIS, Nov. 23.— At the request of
the Spanish Peace Commissioners there
was no joint session to-day, pending
instructions from Madrid. The date of
the next meeting is not fixed. ,
The postponement of to-day is re
garded as a hopeful indication that the
treaty will be signed. Although the
Madrid Government had not yet re
ceived the text of the American ulti
matum the Spanish obtained quite
enough by telegraph on Monday night
to enable them to instruct their com
missioners to retire, were such their in
tentions.
The belief was confidently expressed
by several of the American Commis
sioners, in conversation with the cor
respondent of the Associated Press to
day, that before the time expired for
the answer, namely, Monday next, the
Spaniards will acquiesce in the United
States' Philippine offer, and that ulti
mately the treaty will be signed by all
the Spanish Commissioners. It is true
that the course which Senor Montero
Kius, president of the Spanish Commis
sion, will follow is still uncertain, aa
he continues to "play to the gallery,"
but a leading member of the American j
Commission says he will sign with the
other Spaniards. In any case his place
on the commission will be speedily
filled by Senor Leon Castillo, the Span
ish Kmbassador here.
Senor Montero Kios sent a communi
cation to the American Commissioners j
last evening asking a number of ques- j
tions. The most important of them, j
and to get an answer to which the let- ;
ter was undoubtedly written, was |
tucked away in the middle of the let- j
ter. It asked, in effect, if the Ameri
cans really meant that the ultimatum
must be answered by Monday.
The Spaniards were assured that
such was the intention, and the an
swer has cleared the air.
A member of the Spanish Commis
sion to-day assured the correspondent
of the Associated Press that the next |
meeting of the commissioners will take j
place on Friday or Saturday, and that
Spain's answer then will be the last
she will make, and that it wilj be a
definite conclusion of the matter in
hand.
The utterance Is looked upon as in
[ dlcating that Spain will sign the treaty
I of peace.
.MADRID, Nov. 23.— A semi-ofilcial
note issued to-day contains an appeal
to the Spaniards to furnish assistance
to save the national credit "if they do
not wish foreign capital to be with
drawn from Spain." The note adds:
"Some people believe Cuba ounht to
assume her own debt, no matter In
whose hands is her sovereignty, be
cause she herself possesses the security
therefor in the form of the customs. If.
however, nobody will assume the debt.
Spain must pay what Cuba cannot, be
cause Spain made herself respon
sible."
Continuing the note reads: "With re
spect to the debt of the Philippine Isl
ands. Rpain must await a definite
treaty of peace in order to know what
conditions America will Impose upon
Spain through the Paris Peace Com
missioners."
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: In
view of Spain's financial condition it is
expected she will make an earnest ef
fort to have the United States increase
the SUm offered for the. archipelago and
for Ualan, and It may be that the Com
missioners of the United States will
slightly increase the sum fixed.
CLAIMS OF AMERICANS
CERTAIN OF PAYMENT
Those Against Spain for Damage
Done in Cuba Assumed by
the United States.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Ameri
can citizens having claims against the
Spanish .Government are much grati
fied to learn that under the terms of
the ultimatum submitted by the Ameri
can Peace Commissioners the Govern
ment of the United States is to assume
responsibility for their payment. It is
impossible to give an accurate estimate
of the total amount of claims of Ameri
cans against Spain, but a Senate report
of April 12 shows that there were then
pending In the State Department claims
amounting to $24,000,000 for the destruc
tion of property of American citizens in
Cuba. Since that time many more
claims have been filed. Many of these
claims, of course, will be disallowed or
scaled down before they are paid, but
whatever the total amount of claims
finally allowed may be. It must be
add*d to the $20,000 000 offered for the
Philippines in estimating the real In
demnity given by the United States for
those islands.
IGLESIAS AT WASHINGTON.
Costa Rica's President and Mr. Mc-
Kinley Exchange Calls.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. — President
Iglesias of Costa Rica arrived hero this
afternoon, and although traveling incog
nit" he was accorded a!l the honors be
fitting the visit of the President of a sis
ter republic. Colonel Carter of the adju
tant-general's office had met the Presi
dent and his party aad accompanied them
to Washington. On their arrival here
they were met at the station by Colonel
Binpham as the personal representative
of the President, who escorted the party
to carriages in waiting which were driv
en to the Arlington Hotel. Soon after
ward President "McKinley and President
Iglesias exchanged calls.
A dinner will be given at the White
House in honor of the visiting President
some time next week.
ABCHBISHOP CHAPELMk
Apostolic Delegate to Porto Rico
and Cuba in New York.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Archbishop Cha
pelle, the Apostolic Delegate to Porto
Rico and Cuba, arrived to-day in New
York on the steamer Kaiser FrerJerich
der Grosse. He said that his holiness,
the Pope, had appointed him to represent
the church in Cuba and Porto Rico and
that he would aid in the organization of
the islands under American principles.
He refused to be interviewed further on
the subject, but said he would leave for
Washington shortly.
POLYGAMIST ROBERTS
FINDS SUPPORTERS
Senator Cannon of Utah Will Resist the
Attempt to Unseat the Congress
man-Elect.
; Congressman-Elect From Utah, Who Is fn Danger or Being Unseated on the Ground
of BelniJ a Polygamist.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Nov. 23.— "Bimetallism and not polygamy was the
issue in the late campaign," said United States Senator Frank J. Can
non to-day, who will oppose any attempt to unseat Roberts.
"Should there be a contest against Mr. Roberts I will be heard from
on the subject at Washington. I do not think there will be any contest.
Should an effort be made to unseat Roberts, I do not believe it will be suc
cessful, but should he be unseated we will simply elect another bimetallist
to take his place."
Representative King also stated that he would resist any attempt to un
seat Roberts, but had no statement to make to-day.
BAILEY SCORES
YOUNG HEARST
Will Not Be Led by the
Yellow Editor.
LEADERSHIP OF DEMOCRATS
THE TEXAN SAYS HE WILL
HOLD HIS OWN.
Bourbons Have No Use for the Na
tional Platform Formulated by
the Faker's New York
Journal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DALLAS, Tex., Nov. 23.—Congress
man J. W. Bailey to-day gave a cor
respondent the following typewritten
statement embodying what he is will
ing to publish at this time on the issue
of the Democratic leadership in the
House of Representatives of the Fifty
sixth Congress:
"I do not entertain the slightest fear
about the result. The next House will
contain 101 Democrats, who are also
members of the present House, and out
of that number no man who may be
put forward as a candidate against me
can command over thirty-one votes. I
will receive at least seventy votes from
old members, which will leave me only
twelve short of the nomination, and 1
have already received voluntary assur
ance of support from more than that
number of new jpembers.
"The opposition to me comes mainly
from the New York Journal, and aside
from personal reasons, proceeds largely
from the fact that the editor and owner
of that newspaper is ambitious to be
come a maker and unmaker of Demo
cratic policies and leaders. He has re
cently promulgated what he calls the
Journal's national platform, which is
imperialism run mad, and knowing I
would not support its propositions he
desires to defeat me.
"For my part I am not ready to
recognize the right of the New York
Journal, or any man connected with it,
to make a platform for the Democratic
party, and am absolutely certain when
our party comes to adopt a platform
for itself it will be entirely different
from the one which Mr. Hearst is seek
ing to force upon it."
BEN HOLLIDAY NOT SOLD.
Owners Could Not Get the Price They
Valued Him At.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 23.— The
great racehorse, Ben Holliday, was put
up at the horse sale now In progress
here to-night. He was valued at $20,000
by his owners and consequently was
not sold. Sydney Paget started him at
$5000.
Lanky Bob brought $3500. Other
horses in training sold cheaply. Nine
teen yearlings went for $3666, an aver
age of $192. The average of twenty
eight sold to-night was $300. The im
portant sales to-day were as follows:
i Lanky Bob, b. c, 8, by imp. Lord
B. H. ROBERTS.
Hardington-Victoria IV, property of W.
J. Steel & Co., sold to G. B. Morris,
New York, for $3500.
Brown colt, yearling, by Kingston,
dam Bayadere, property of Leigh &
Gooding, sold to Eugene Leigh, Lexing
ton, for $2200.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
HOTEL DESTROYED
Well-Known Lake County Resort
Laid in Ruins by a Con
flagration.
SARATOGA SPRINGS. Nor. 23.— The
Saratoga Springs Hotel, one of the best
known resorts in Lake County, was de
stroyed by fire this afternoon. The struc
ture is a total loss. John Martin the
proprietor, carried but $7000 insurance
upon the property.
Buffalo to Go to Manila.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— The naval
court of inquiry which was appointed
to Investigate the cause of the deten
tion of the Buffalo has reported to the
Navy Department that no blame for
the series of mishaps to that ship is to
be attached to either Commander Hep
pell or Chief Engineer Beig. Three of
the subordinate mechanics have been
dropped from the service and the ship
is ordered to sail from New York Fri
day for Manila by way of the Suez
route.
■au v JiitTISJiMJENTS.
+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+a+B+B+B+B+H+E+H+B+B+B-
A REMARKABLE CURE.
Thos. Langan of Isieton, Cal., Cured and Gains 25 Pounds by
the Use of Dp. Sanden's Electric Belt. ■
>-#fI^SSSSSL^ ISLETON, Sacramento County,
y^sf|§ii§^e^s|sSk DR.' A.' November IS. ISM. Sir:
■jffg^Sggp£g-»~.g^V p R A T SANDEN— Dear Sir:
ffir'PZtt It is with pleasure I make known
Ll/i j/^i IKTO the results I have received from the
JUu/jdkzk V? use of your Dr. Sanden's Electric
MZzlflffiS /-?m*x* &, Belt. I can truthfully say that it
WP**sL ■>%&*& &=t- 5& has about made a new man of me.
raO»rti\. ~& \^- §r Since over 2"» pounds, 'going from
HfilJuwTv r^~ £^ gained over 2.". pounds, going from
VlVvPi'ofi'i v- / V \ 143 to 1"5, and feel better and
v«Ls^^\wl _^^2>\« stronger than 1 ever did. It gradu-
vKt/^V' liT^ "* * ' iwS ally cured me of the weakness and
l| T, \/v|?B§Si **^" % can now do any kind of hard work
4^'^. without feeling fatigued, and have
[ji~f'L '"liMSßs^r'~ s^L^-~ .JK^rVjl more energy' and ambition than I
,</(i)l/)f^^^^^^^W»V > 7 over had. I consider that your Belt
W^^^^S^^iSsjl^) has done me a world of good, and
jrfl!f{BfßMV\((ySL feel it my duty to make It known,
VUl\\nV3«WWok.f^f^a»M^fc». for l am pur( " that others can pet
UIUjRTO 'XftJLißLtjMc&BJl^Wty the same good that I have from the
AV\vMK*^wMb^^«HK?!|kSw use of the Belt. I will recommend
\T\mV v^oW\vnBfck. the Belt and give you permission to
\\\v*\^WS\VvJl^lBS^k. fiUa^WYv use this letter as you see fit, and
TvMSw^J^BlS^x llUw^lW will prove what it says, If neces-
V M^WV^MHS^fffll\l V sarj'. With best wishes, for your
HVvVvV vKfKv\w!>/J(!l U success, I am, yours very truly,
DR. *»AiSOEIN'S ELECTRIC "BELT?!
wide aWake and full of the lov o. living, for your nerves are charged with
the vln7 the^naD and "ko" of'life. Weakness vanishes, the drains and nerv-
ous spells cease, and you soon recover all the \igor.of _ strong man. .
ous spells cease, and you soon recover all the Mgor of a strong man.
DON'T BE A WEAK MAN.
It is erand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. If you are weak Dr.
Sanden%^e^ctric Belt will cure you. It will make you strong; it will steady
vouY nerves and check all waste of power in thirty days. It is a grand cure
for all weakness whatever the cause. If you are troubled with weakness
in any way can a^d examine this wonderful Belt Test the powerful cur-
rent It gives and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignorant of a
remedy whic f^ay correct all your past- mistakes and assure your future
■ naDDiness Don't delay: act now. Get the book. "Three Classes of Men,"
devoted to the weaknesses of men. tells the cause of early decay in young
and middle-aged men. It shows how electricity, properly applied, will restore
this pWr aifd gives the proof. It is free upon application. A call preferred.
702 M«k»t Street; Comer Ketrny. San Fra»eise«. NOT IN DRUG STORES. '
Street Portland. Or.. 258 Waahtnjjtoa «■ never sold in drag store*
ft^ee" Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street: nor by traveling a«eat«; only
Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street; Butte. Mont.. at our office. .-.-.:- v -,
; lie North Main street. •..-... ' .«. ..•;■ 3* — ■ — - — r — ; j — rrr. — r,*
SCATHINGLY
DENOUNCES
THE BENCH
A Cleveland Lawyer's
Daring.
APPLAUDED BY THE BAR
SENSATION IN THE BURKE DIS
BAEMENT CASE.
Counsel for the Prosecution Makes a
Bitter Attack Upon the
Cuyahoga County
Judiciary.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CLEVELAND, Nov. 23.— After the
testimony of several unimportant wit
nesses In the disbarment proceedings
against State Senator Burke to-day the
attorneys of both sides announced that
all their witnesses had been examined,
and that they were ready to begin their
arguments.
Attorney Foran spoke for the de
fense.
Judge Blandin, one of the three pros
ecutors of the charge against Senator
Burke, arose to speak, as every one
supposed, in support of the charges and
in defense of Judge Dellenbaugh. In
stead of doing that the Judge made a
bitter and sensational attack upon the
whcrle bench of Cuyahoga County. He
said he knew the risk he was taking,
but he did not care. For some time the
ex-Judges and old and tried members
of the bar who listened to Blandin's
passionate utterances stood amazed at
his daring. Then they broke into
cheers. When Judge Blandin finished
they cheered and clapped their hands.
Judge Blandin declared it was the
bench which needed reforming from the
first; the elimination of rottenness
should commence with the bench. He
went into details and did not hesitate
to say he was talking about Judge \\ al
ter C. Ong and Judge T. K. Dissette.
He said it was a comparatively insig
nificant thins whether Judge Dellen
baugh were impeached and driven from
the bench or whether Vernon H. Burke
were disbarred. It was more impor
tant, he declared, to cleanse the benches
of the county so that property, liberty
and life might be safe in the hands or
the seven men constituting the ccurt.
It was one of the most sensational
speeches ever made by a lawyer in
Cuyahoga County. A decision may not
be reached for several days.
TWO LAKE SUPERIOR
STEAMSHIPS ASHORE
DULUTH. Minn., Nov. 23. — The
steamers Tampa and Arthur Orr are
wrecked on the north shure of Lake Su
perior. The two vessels represent
about $450,000 with their cargoes, and
they lie within nine miles of each other.
The Tampa, Duluth-bound, with coal
from Buffalo, is a complete wreck on
the rocks at Beaver Bay. sixty miles
east of Duluth. She went ashore about
2 o'clock Tuesday morning in the fear
ful pale that swept Lake Superior all
of Monday and Tuesday. Her crew is
safe at Beaver Bay. The Tampa was
owned by David Whitney of Detroit.
She is a total loss and was Insured for
$100,000. Her cargo was insured for
JBOOO.
The tug "W. P. Castle returned to
nisrht from the scene and brought news
of the wreck of the Arthur Orr at Bap
tism River, nine miles east of the
Tampa. She went on at about the
same time the Tampa was wrecked. She
is not in as bad shape as the Tampa,
although she is broken in two. The
Orr left Duluth on Monday morning
just before the storm broke. She had
a cargo of flour and copper bound for
Buffalo.
The Orr is owned by C. "W. Elphlcke
of Chicago, and is valued at $150,000. A
wrecking expedition- will leave Thurs
day morning to rescue her if possible.
♦
Miners Celebrate a Marriage.
RANDSBFRG. Cal.. Nov. 23.— One of the
happiest marriages that has ever hap
pened In Randshurg took place last even
ing at the Episcopal Church. The prin
cipals were William Maher, the president
of Miners' Tnion No. 44. and Caroline
Leo. The church was crowded with their
friends. After the ceremony the happy
pair were driven to .the Rand Band
Hall, where an elegant banquet was
spread. Hon. Frank P. Goodbody made
an address and in conclusion called for
three cheers, which were given with vim.
Hundreds of miners came in from all
parts of the desert to extend congratula
tions.MANOGOS THUGS
TERRORIZE HAVANA
Aq Infamous BaQd of Desperadoes
Boldly Rob aod Murder in
ttye Streets.
HAVANA, Nov. 23.— Outside of the principal business streets in
Havana a veritable reign of terror has begun with the return of 400
desperadoes, members of the infamous band of Manogos sent to
Ceuta three years ago. The robbers do not await darkness to pursue
their profession, though by far the greater number of crimes are com
mitted at night These men work in gangs, which makes success of
opposition to their plans almost impossible. Indeed, the police have
found it cheaper to refuse to see their depredations. Yesterday two
members of the new force of civil police made an attempt to frus
trate the plans of four footpads. The only result of their temerity
was that the bodies of both policemen were in the morgue this
morning.
The alarming increase in vice and
crime renders it unsafe to walk the j
streets unarmed or unprotected after
nightfall. The police reports show
scores of "'hold-ups," murders, burglar- ,
ies and highway robberies, which never |
get into the local papers, thanks to the j
watchful censor.
Corruption, bribery -and wholesale;
stealing in the military and civil ad- I
ministration co-ntlnue unchecked. Some
insight Into the condition of municipal j
affairs can be gained from the report of j
a secret session held at the Mayor's of
flee on Monday. The regulation hours
for killing at the slaughter-house are :
during the afternoon, but a special per
mit entitles certain contractors to
slaughter one head each morning, for
which those who have the privilege
pay a prescribed fee. As a matter of
faot over a hundred head are killed
every day before noon, the fees for :
which, exceeding $250. never find their
way into the city treasury.
These beeves are distributed by the
contractors for the military hospitals ,
In the city at 55 cents per kilogram, j
while the public pays only the market |
price of about 38 cents. The difference
pei kilogram, together with the
amount of unpaid abattoir fees, is i
presumably divided among the select j
few, who silently defraud the city of j
a much-needed source of income.
At the secret Bession where this glar
ing abuse was under discussion a com
SIX KILLED IN
A POWDER MILL
Terrible Explosion at
Lamotte, Mo.
FELT FOR MILES AROUND
AT FIRST THE DISASTER WAS
THOUGHT AN EARTHQUAKE.
I
All the Men in the Packing-House ''
Blown to Atoms and Their Dis
membered Remains .tear
fully Scattered.
Fr^ial Dispatch to The Call.
PT. LOUIS, Nov. 23.— A special to the
Republic from Quincy, 111., says: The
powder mill at Lamotte, Mo., situated
eighty mil* B south of here on the "X"
and half a mile from Ashburn.
blew up at 7:55 a. m.. killing six men
and w<<un' :ng several others. The
r.iinifs of th« »l<-ad follow:
WILLIAM WILLSON. foreman, and
eon of th I mager, living at Ashburn.
ALFRED WENSEL,
ALBERT MILLER.
I>. Id. SMITH, Louisiana.
WILLIAM CHARLESTON. Ashburn.
JACK HOLLJNGER, Ashburn.
The explosion took place in the pack-
Ing house and was so terrific as to be
heard and felt a distance of twenty-five
Tel phone reports from Pitts
field, New Canton. Bayless Winchester.
Kinderhonk and all over Pike County.
111., arc to th>- effect that the explosion
was plainly felt In those places. Until
the truth was known the inhabitants
thought it was an earthquake. At
Canton windows were broken and
everywhere buildings were shaken.
The pxtict cause of the explosion will
never be known, as all tho men in the
Ing house at the time were blown
atoms. Something like 10.000
pounds- of rowder was usually kept in
the packing house, which was a frame
furniture.
I'uring the day men were ensraeed
with buckets gathering up such bits of
flfsh and bones as they could find. A
piece of a spinal column was found half
a mile from the scene of the explosion.
Those who were injured were employed
In another building. They were
struck by flying debris, but none of
them are fatally injured. There is al
ways some loose powder on the floor
of the packing room and it is supposed
that something was dropped upon it
that caused It to explode.
TREACHERY DISABLED
THE CRUISER BUFFALO
Machinists Ruined the Engines Be
cause They Did Not Wish to Be
Ssnt to Manila.
CHICAGO, 1 Nov. 2Z.~ A special to the
Tribune from Wnshinßton says: Chief of
Engineers Melville has received the re
port of the Board of Inquiry which has
been Investigating the circumstances sur
rounding the breaking down of the ma
chinery of the cruiser Buffalo, which was
„ -rrned for Manila with about 300 sail
ors to relieve the men of Admiral Dew
ey'e fleet whoso terms of service had
expired.
ft is found that some of the machinists
on board of the ship have been guilty of
the basest kind of treachery and deliber
ately disabled the machinery of the ship
because they did not wish to be sent to a
statiun so far away from home.
The chief engineer of the Buffalo is ex
onerated because it is found he was not
in league with those who performed the
treacherous work. Further proceedings
will be had against the men who have
been found guilty of such an unpatriotic
practice, and they stand an excellent
chance of being sentenced to a long term
In the penitentiary.
CHILDREN'S MILITARY DRILLS.
Will Be Advocated at a Convention to
Reorganize the National Guard.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23. — Governor
Bloxham's call for a national convention
to assemble at Tampa, Fla., February 8,
to suggest and formulate plans for reor
ganizing the National Guard, is receiving
favorable support from State Executive*.
mission was appointed to inform Cap
tain General Blanco of the fact, re- |
questing that the contractors be com- j
pelled to pay the arrears of fees since
July 24.
As already cabled, the Mayor of Ha
vana on his own responsibility, with
out the sanction of the City Council
and Board of Aldermen, increased the
city budget for the salaries of muni
cipal officers and employes from $34,000
to $54,000. The Board of Aldermen at
their last session resolved not to con
firm the Mayor's action, thus compell
ing him to pay the difference out of his
own pocket.
Street cars and omnibuses have paid
no taxes for several years. Although ]
strictly forbidden by law, more than
2000 wooden houses exist within the city
limits. Such cases of bribery, corrup
tion and maladministration could be
multiplied indefinitely. Nothing is done
to check them.
Gambling houses, which, after the
signing of the protocol, the Spanish au
thorities made a great show of sup- j
pressing, now flourish unmolested. At*j
this late day everybody admits the use- |
lessness of attempting to infuse moral
ity into the Soanish administration.
On November 18 the partially dis
banded guerrillas of Sagua la Chicha
took the field, burning tnd destroying
property. They did great damage on
the sugar plantation of John Harris, a
British subject. The British Consul,
Mr. Jerome, two days later filed a j
claim for damages, an acknowledgment i
of which has been made by Captain j
General Blanco.
The object of the convention will be to aid
the Government in placing the National
Guard on the most possible effective foot
ing. The Florida State Superintendent of
Education has extended invitations to Su
perintendents of Education In all States,
inviting them to this convention to con
sider the introduction of a military drill
system for public schools of the United
States in the interest of patriotism, sub
ordination and physical development.
The school board of Toronto, Canada,
will be invited to send a company of their
military trained schoolboys to the conven
tion. Chancellor McC'racken of the New
York University will address the State
Superintendents in advocacy of military
drills for pupils of the public schools.
PROSPECTING AT ATLIN
SUSPENDED TILL JUNE
Proclamation to This Effect Said to
Have Been Issued by
Officials.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 23.— There
is serious trouble in the new gold fields
known as the Atlin Lake District. E.
A. Dixon of the Northwest police ar
rived here to-day from Atlin with a
story that a proclamation had been is
sued by the Canadian officials suspend
ing: prospecting throughout the entire
territory till next June. The cause of
this is very apparent.
With the first stampede to the new
fields the boy recorder of the district
got "rattled " and matters are in a very
complicated state as a result. In fact
many miners holding the richest claims
on Pine and Wright creeks are in doubt
as to whether they will be able to hold
them under exciting conditions.
The confusion in the Recorder's office.
Dixon says, is terrible. Some thinking
that the Atlin district was in the
Northwest Territory took up claims in |
accordance with the mining regulations
of that region, while others recorded j
accordin*- to the mining laws of Brit
ish Columbia. There was no one there
to instruct them, and a most compli
cated condition of affairs has resulted.
The proclamation was issued to eive
the officials a chance to get matters
cleared up. Dixon thinks the country
will get a black eye for a while and
says the proclamation will result In
many throwing up everything and leav
in- the country.
Next spring and summer, however, he
predicts a tremendous rush to the dis
trict as it is known now to be very
rich. Atlin town, he says, will have
10,000 neo^le next summer.
Much Indignation is expressed here
at the tangled condition of affairs in
a district which coast cities look for
ward to as a second Klondike and con
sequently a big purchaser of supplies.
M'KINLEY FRIENDLY
TO LABOR'S CAUSE
President Gompers of the American
Federation Calls Upon the
President.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— Samuel Com- J
pers, president of the American Federa- i
tion of Labor, accompanied by the secre
tary of the Federation, had an hour's con
ference with the President to-day in re
gard to legislation in the interest of labor I
now pending in Congress. Mr. Gompers'
purpose was to obtain, if possible, the in
dnrst ment of those measures in the Presi
dent's forthcoming message to Congress.
The President was deeply interested in
Mr. Gompers' remarks and, without indi
cating what, if any, specific recommenda
tions would be made in his message on
these subjects, said that he regarded it as
the duty of every man, whether in public
or private life, to use every effort In his
power to improve the condition of the
workingman and to bridpe the chasm be
tween him and his employer.
Mr. Gompers favored the eight-hour la
bor law, which limits a day's work to
eight hours, whether the work is being
done directly by tho Government or by i
contractors, and the bill having for Us oo- I
ject the improvement in the condition of
American seamen. This bill gives to sea
men the right to leave a vessel when she
Is in safe harbor and abolishes corporal
punishment. He also urged the Lodge im
migrntion bill, which limits Immigration
to persons who can read and write, and
the convict labor bill, v.hieh prohibits the
transportation of the product of convict
labor from one State to another
LOVING CUP FOR SIGSBEE.
Commercial Club of St. Paul Honors
the Naval Captain.
™ 8 T- UL> Nov - 23 --The Commercial
Club of St. Paul has presented a loving
cup to Captain Slgsbee, who as com
mander of the auxiliary cruiser St. Paul
had a part In the victories of the recent
war, disabling the torpedo-boat destroyer
Terror and capturing the British boat
Restormel, laden with coal, which was
taken as a prize near the harbor of ban
tlago.
The cup bears the following inscription 1
"The Commercial Club of St. Paui
sends greeting to Captain Charles Dwlght
Slgsbee, who as commander of the auxil
iary cruiser St. Paul had a brilliant share
In the naval exploits of the Spanish war
of 1898. May you live long and propsper."
THE SAX IKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
ITO ADVERTISERS!!
THE FOLLOWING LETTER from George Hastings & Co. of New York t
5 IS OF SPECIAL IMPORTANCE TO YOU. £
.$■ Coming from one of the leading advertisers in the United States, it is con-
4* vincing evidence that *£>
I Advertisements in The Gall Bring Results. !
£t Messrs. Hastings & Co. place the advertising of Vin Mariani, the enormous
«£ sales of which during the past year have probably exceeded those of any other
<%■ proprietary medicine offered to the public, and of the Barrios Diamonds, which are %>
4* meeting with popular favor. 4*
*? Cable Fretta, New York. Establl led 1885.
GEORGE HASTINGS 8c CO., f
GENERAL ADVERTISING.
Contractors for Advertising In Newspapers, Magazines. Weeklies. Monthlies. Cars, Bill Boards and Wall Spaces. ty
«g«r (U. S. Agents for "The 1900"— Official Organ, Paris Exposition). 4^
Telephone No. 1416 Broad. 42 and 44 Broad Street, .jji.
JL, NEW YORK, November 11th, 1898. /*
T Mr. David Allen, *
j& Eastern Representative, S. F. Call, J
188 World Building,
4* Park Row, City.
Dear Sir: As an act of rightful recognition of good service, #•
j? we desire to say to you that we have had excellent results so far
j& from such advertising as we have placed in The San Francisco Call. J
4* We find your rate low and the service excellent. We know of no
* paper on the Pacific Slope possessed of better drawing qualities
£ or better value to the advertiser than the San Francisco Call . Jf
4^ The medium is an excellent one and we take pleasure in saying
4? so, and you are at liberty to make any use of this statement which ♦£■
*^ you may see fit. Yours truly, "^
GEORGE HASTINGS & CO. *
MOVEMENT OF
TROOPS TO CUBA
Orders Issued by the
War Department.
PROVINCES TO BE OCCUPIED
CENTRAL AND WESTERN SEC
TIONS FIRST ON THE LIST.
The Regiments in the Brigade Com
manded by General Oates
Will Embark at
Savannah.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— The "War
Department to-day issued the first of
the general orders looking to the oc
cupation/of the central and western
provinces of Cuba by the United States
troops. The order contemplates the
•early beginning of the movement, as
the Spanish troops are expected to
have progressed with the evacuation
movement early in December. The or
der is dated November 23 and is as
follows:
Commanding General Second Army
Corps Augusta, Ga. : With the approval
of the Secretary of War, the First Brig
ade, Third Division, of your corps will
proceed, fully equipped fur field service,
and take action in Cuba as follows:
Headquarters and one regiment of in
fantry at Pinar do! Rio; une regiment of
infantry at Marlel and one regiment of
infantry at Guanajay. The troops will
embark at Savannah and the movements
will be so regulated that no regiment will
reach Savannah more than twenty-four
hours prior to sailing.
The regiment for Mariel should land at
that point. The other two should land at
Havana and proceed to destination by
rail. It is not necessary that the entire
brigade leave at the same tmc, but regi
ments may move in succession as trans
ports can be provided. The evacuation of
Pinar del Rio by the Spanish 'will be com
pleted by December 3, and the troops
above designated should reach their des
tination by December 1 or earlier.
The brigade will take as much of its
wagon transportation as is possible and
camp and garrison equipage, including
tent floors.
The quartermaster's department will
provide the necessary transportation and
thirty days' forage for animals; the sub
sistence department make provision for
thirty days' rations and the medical de
partment provide proper medical attend
ance and stores.
Acknowledge receipt and Inform com
manding general of brigade that detailed
instructions of the President and Secre
tary of War will be furnished him for his
guidance.
By command of Maior General Miles.
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant General.
This brigade is commanded by Brig
adier General William C. Oates and
consists of the Fifteenth Pennsyl
vania, Third New Jersey and 102 nd
New York regiments. They are now
at Athens, Ga., having recently ar
rived at that place from Camp Meade,
Pa. Mariel is the seaport of Pinar del
Rio province, on the north side. It lies
about thirty miles west of Havana, and
lying inland four miles is Guanajay, the
nearest point to the railroad line run
ning from Havana to the city of Pinar
del Rio, the capital of the province of
the same name, which is about 120
miles west of Havana, and is to be the
headquarters of the American army of
occupation in the province. The rail
road can be reached from Guanajay by
a short march.
CONDITION OF MANILA TROOPS.
General Merriam Forwards a List of
Sick and Dead.
WASH.NGTON, Nov. 23.— The Secre
tary of War has received a telegram from
General Merriam at San P'rancisco as
follows:
"Report from Honolulu November 14:
Arizona sailed for Manila with General
King's detachment November 10, leaving
about 160 men In the hospital. Statement
of sick in general j.ospltal as follows:
"Typhoid cases: First New York Regi
ment, 63; expeditionary troops, 48; total
typhoid. 111. Malarial fever and others:
including convalescents: First New York
Regiment, fl9; expeditionary troops, 102;
total, 201. Total patients. 312.
"Deaths since last report: Privates Wil
liam Hayden, Company I, Eighteenth In
fantry; Burton Woodbeck, Company G;
George Cowles, Company H; Robert
Wands, Company E, all of the First New
York." I
GOVERNMENT
FOR HAWAII
It Will Be Territorial in
Form.
BILL HAS BEEN COMPLETED
COMMISSIONERS CONSIDER SOME
OF THE MINOR DETAILS.
Franchises Will Not Be Extended to
Chinese or Japanese, and the
Contract Labor System Is
to Be Abolished.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— The com
; mission appointed by the President to
recommend a form of government for
the Hawaiian Islands as a part of the
United States met in Senator Culloms
committee room at the Capitol to-day
J for the first time since leaving Honolu
| lv, Senators Cullom and Morgan, Rep-
I resentative Hitt and Judge Frear being
present.
The meeting was devoted to discuss
ing details of the bill and the report
which the commission will present to
Congress, which had not been fully de
cided upon at the last meeting. The
legislation which will be recommended
by the commission will be included in
a bill, which to all intents and purposes
will be an enabling act and very much
like the bills providing for the admis
sion of new States into the Union, ex
cept in the one important detail that it
provides for the admission of a Terri
tory and not a State.
The bill has been completed, but
probably will be amended somewhat in
detail. The report has not been com
pleted, but the commission has decided
upon its important features. One of
these is a recommendation that the sys
tem of importing laborers under con
tract shall be discontinued. The com
missioners have concluded that as the
system is contrary to the laws applying
to this country as a whole, it would not
be wise to continue it even temporarily
in Hawaii. It is understood that a ma
jority at least of the members of the
commission do not accept the theory
that Americans and Europeans cannot
do manual labor in the islands.
The commission will recommend a
regular territorial form of government,
with a Governor, a delegate in Con
gress and a Legislature. The Legisla
ture will be elected by the qualified vot
ers of the islands, but there will be
property and educational qualifications
imposed upon those who vote for mem
bers of the upper house of the Legisla
ture. The franchise will not be extend
ed to the Japanese or Chinese in the
islands, but the Portuguese who be
come citizens will not be excluded under
tho restrictions imposed.
Judge Frear, one of the Hawaiian
Commissioners, and also a member of
the Supreme Court of Hawaii, said this
afternoon in answer to a question as to
the solution of the coolie labor problem
in Hawaii:
"Under the present law coolie labor
can be imported. Our people, If left to
their own choice, would prefer to con
tinue this system, but we will not hesi
tate to give It up if required. We real
ize that the stability of the Govern
ment will be so largely increased under
annexation that we could afford to
amend our labor laws and sacrifice
cheap labor. As a matter of fact, our
planters are now starting in to make a
serious attempt to introduce white la
borers. Some have already been
brought in from California, and it is
believed the experiment will succeed.
The notion seems to prevail in some
quarters that white men cannot work
in the tropics. It must be remembered,
however, that there are differences in
tropical countries. Hawaii really is on
the edge of the tropics. Furthermore,
the islands are tempered by a cool
ocean current, which reduces the tem
perature 10 degrees below that of other
countries in the same latitude. A great
proportion of the best coffee lands are
located in a very temperate zone."
Advances made on furniture and ptanoi, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
APPROPRIATIONS
MUST BE LARGE
Cannon Talks of Future
Work of Congress.
MONEY NEEDED FOR THE ARMY
! ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND REG
ULARS ARE REQUIRED.
The Nicaraguan Canal Will Be Built
and It Will Be Dominated by
Uncle Sam's Gov
ernment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— "We will
begin work on the deficiency appropria
; tions at once, and have the measure
ready to report to Congress after it
| meets," said Representative Cannon
j upon his arrival in this city.
""The last session 'of Congress made
appropriations for six months for an
army of 250,000, and it will be neces
: sary to begin at once to provide for
money for the maintenance of that
I army.
"We will legislate on the basis of the
regular army, which will be necessary
for the future to maintain garrisons in
the territory which has been acquired
by us. We cannot expect the volun
teers to remain in the service on garri
son duty, and we will have to provide a
regular army of at least 100,000 men.
"The appropriations for the coming
session will approximate $500,000,000,
and as those for the last session were
about $800,000,000, the total appropria
tions for the session will easily exceed
a billion dollars.
"The Nicaraguan canal will be built,
and it will be dominated by this Gov
ernment, but as the negotiations ap
pear to be silently mixed I do not pro
pose to discuss the merits of each of
the syndicates and am not prepared to
say what will be done, but recent
events have demonstrated that the
construction of such a waterway will
be begun in the near future.
"We will have more work than can
be done at this session of Congress, but
I do not believe there will be an extra
session. Porto Rico and Cuba will re
main under military control for at
least a year, until we can find out what
kind of a government is required and
determine if the people of those islands
are capable of governing themselves."
WILL PROTECT LaBOB.
Colonel Roosevelt Piomises to En-
force New York Statutes.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.-- Oovernor-elect
Roosevelt has held a conference with sev
eral labor officials and other men inter
ested in social And economic problems
There were present Henry White general
secretary ot the United Garment Workers
of America; William P. IVrflinper of
Typographical Union No. 6; Henry' Weiss
man, ex-secretary of the International
Bakers Union; James Reynolds general
secretary of the University Settlement-
George Gunton, editor of a periodical de
voted to economic questions, and others
Colonel Roosevelt expressed the opinion
that it will he best to enforce the exist
ing statutes affecting the labor problem
rather than to make new statutes He
agreed with his visitors that the factory
inspection department should be the chief
means of improving the workshop con
ditions in the matter of sanitation and
child labor.
The Governor-elect's attention wns
called to the fact that the ten-hour law
for surface street railways Is almost
totally ignored. Colonel Roosevelt ox
pressed himself forcibly on this subject,
and favorably received the suggestion
that this law should be enforced by tne
State factory inspection department.
Colonel Roosevelt assured the labor offi
cials that he would enforce every statute
bearing on the labor question.
BIG TOBACCO COMBINE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— 1t Is authorita
tively announced that the negotiations
which have been pending since the forma
tion of the Union Tobacco Company of
America have been concluded ana that a
controlling Interest in the company has
been sold to Thomas F. Ryan, P. A. B.
\V ».ener, '1 nomas Dolan and W. L. El
kins.
The certificate of Incorporation states
that the capital stock shall be $10,000 000
of which $2,000,000 is to be preferred stock
and $8,000,000 common stock.
MONTEREY
AND FRESNO
RAILWAY
Contract Signed and
Delivered.
CONSTRUCTIONSOONTO BEGIN
SAN BENITO RIGHTS OF WAY
OBTAINED.
Work on the Wharf at the Western
Terminal to Be Commenced by
the First of De
cember.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Nov. 23.— Information of a
definite character has been received
that the underwriters of the Monterey
and Fresno Railroad bonds in the East
have signed, sealed, approved and de- |
livered the contract for the construe- |
tion of that road from Monterey to Hol
lister.
E. C. Darrow, superintendent for the
contractors, the California Construc
tion Company of San Francisco, has
been in this vicinity since last Thurs
day and has purchased all the piles ob
tainable, whioh had been saved from
the great rafts which broke up at sea
recently. At Moss Landing, East Santa
Cruz and Monterey 200 piles were pur
chased. The old Washington Hall at
Monterey has been rented and is being
fitted up for men's quarters and sta
bles. It is semi-ofneially given out that
work on the wharf at Monterey will
commence on December 1.
Surveyors have been passing over the
line frequently of late and active oper
ations are looked for all along the line
just after the new year opens. All the
necessary right of way through San
Benito County has been secured, and
steps have been taken toward getting
the right of way through the Salinas
Valley and this city. No difficulty is
looked for, as the consummation of the
enterprise would be of the greatest
benefit to this section.
EXPANSION OF MARKETS.
Charles S. Adams on Trade and New
Colonial Possessions.
BOSTOX, Nov. 23.— At the annual meet-
Ins of the Massachusetts State Board of
Trade President Charles S. Adams said:
"The war being practically ended labor
and capital have a right to demand that
their interests shall not be jeopardized or
prosperity further delayed by any doubt
ful territorial expansion. Trade will fol
low the flag only as we are able to meet
competition of other nations and we can
not deny them commercial rights to our
colonial possessions without expecting to
receive the same treatment in return.
What this country needs is market ex
pansion for our products and the best way
to secure that result is by making known
to all markets that we manufacture and
can furnish the most desirable and best
g-oods for the money that are produced
in any industrial center."
President Adams referred to the loss
suffered by the United States in having
freight and passengers carried to foreign
countries in foreign vessels and said that
our statesmen ought to find the remedy
and speedily apply it to the expensive
cvii. He also recommended that the Mas
sachusetts State Board of Trade continue
its efforts to bring about the establish
ment of the National Department of In
dustry and commerce.
Gives a Million to Colleges.
BOSTON, Nov. 23.— The will of the late
Edward Austin of this city bequeaths
$1,000,000 to public uses. Harvard College
will receive $500,000; the Massachusetts In
stitute of Technology, $400,000; Radcliffe
College. $30,000; Roanoke College, $30,000,
rind the Tuskogee. Ala., Normal and In
dustrial School, $30,000.
ADVERTISEMFNTa
When Dr. Meyers j hi? intimate ac-
& Co. began their j quaintances. This
successful career i policy has been
us specialists for j strictly adhered
diseases and, to from year to
weakness of men, ; year, and has
more than seven- | brought the doc-
teen years ago, \ tors fame and the
they decided to i most extensive
DR. MEYERS I CO.
get as much free practice on the
advertising as Pacific Coast,
possible. To ac- Reasonsb'e prices
complish this they and honorable
did not attempt to dealing with pa-
'"work" the news- tients, together
papers, but began with a large and
to cure their pa- well-equipped in-
ti.-nts, guessing 1 stitution have
NO PAY TILL CURED.
aright that when ' also greatly as-
a man was cured i sisted these emi-
of a dangerous ail- i nent specialists to
ment, or rescued ! gain and maintain
from the nwi'ul re- their present high
suits of nerv us standing as physi-
debility. he would cians.
tell one or more of '
Free Consultation and Advice
At office or by mall. Call or write
for private book. Home cures a
specialty. Letters confidential.
731 Market Street.
Hours. B. to 5 daily.
Take Elevator. Evenings, 7 to 8.
Sundays, 9 to 11, j
ADVERTISEMENT^.
JIipRTEKS'
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
■ ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose
Small Price.
You must have this Conic
to get a non-intoxicating malt
I extract, and you must have
it, to give your system the
benefit of more malt strength
than you can possibly get
from any other tonic—
duces healthy blood. Aids
digestton.Jjrows flesh. o.Jo&«^
Val.Blatz Brewing Co,
m ilwaukee.u sa. -
Louis Cahen & Son. 'Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
CANCER
CV iSNL^^ and JUHOR^ HOSPITAL
6J?3 jfßS^MtJn^^*k An >' ' l:iII P in awo
f^^B^HHs^SS Oman's breast is can-
cer. The poison
f*IWgHMBHB%_ quicklv goes to arni-
J&B/sHBBlB^^^^ P'*' ' ar K^ it is too
jy*^BßMrwil lale - Men's face and
ST^^m^^^^/r Ml l ''P a common place.
fl -^- «l_^^ J \ So-I'ac.e Book sent
XtsSr free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scutes. No Fraud.
S. R. CH AMIEY, M. D., 23 & 25 Third St , ra Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
Use f^% and
Facial Soap &* / Facial Cream.
If you have a Hump Xose. Roman, Flat. Pag.
Red or Broken Nose, or any mark or blemish
on. In or under your skin, call on or writ*
JOHN H. WOODBURY, 127 West 42d St.. N.
T.. 163 State St.. Chicago.
U^^^l RUPTURE.
\£i£>ZL/^^&& USE *° MOKE IRON
B&gß&gFateC&r Heps or Steel Spring*.
m*^*si&t&F3^^ Rupture retained with ea»>
B^^>HKr<. and comfort, and thousands rail-
Is /Mr* rally CURED by DR. PIERCE'S
% /Jm x Magnetic Elastic Truss. (C^CaH »c
y^tj/ office or write for New Pamphlet No. L
MAONETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(20 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANDS.
THE HANDSOME Al IRON BARKKNTINB
RUTH
Y)y ttAj SAIL, about December IST foh
"^ Kuslac. Ponape and Ruk, Caroline Islands,
where our trading stations are. These Islands
are situated about half way between Hawaii
and the Philippine^ and constitute part of what
must goon become American colonies. This
vessel will be fitted with first-class accommo-
dations for a limited number of passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study
of these beautiful and fruitful Islands, of whose
wealth of resources so little is known. For
round trip, voyajre about five months. $330.
J. F. CUNNINGHAM CO..
Owners. 14 Clay street. San Francisco.
A MOST INTERESTING
COLLECTION of HOLl-
day gifts on sale.
Opticians koo aa a k gency .
642 Market St.
i CHRONICLE BUILDING-
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ
%v.r PALACE VI
ICRAND hotels*:
o BAH . pjuiffcfsco. 1
JJ Connected by a covered passageway. ~f
•* 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. **
O All Under One Management. d
Q NOTE THE PRICKS: ■ Q
m. European Plan. Bl. OO per day and upward _
9 American Plnns3.OO per day and upward M
Q Correspondence Solicited. - Q
0 JOHN 0. KIRKPA7BICS, Mssngsr. q
0000000000000000
MAKE PERFECT MEN
-n^feh. BO.\OTOESPAIR! UonotSuf-
fer Longer! The Joys ami ambition.- of
|§s^^S vsl '" e can be restored to you. The very
Em IKB .worst canes of Xervnm I»ol>lll»y are
SIM> NOT cured by PEKFEt'I'O
ler Longer' The Joj« ami amhition- of
life can be rrctoreu to you. The very
worst i 1 iHcs of \''i'v«ui I>«'blllfy are
absolutely cured by PEKFECIO
,WC raj \XA BLi tTS. Give prompt relief to in-
5^K "^fPsgßsomnla. failing- memory ar.d the waste-
»SßS&3h%B& and drain or vital powers. Incurred by
* L/rS vfer indiscretions or excesses of early years.
.. x *'* 5r . ' Impart vifjor and potency to every fun~
;lon. Brace up the system. Give -^pSr* bloom to th«
slieeks and lustre to the eyes of /-♦'l'Xyoune or old.
3neooc box renews vital energy.gyA.lJC boxes at
12.60 a complete guaranteed cure TH:i?y or money re»
funded. Can bo carried in vest •*"" pocket. Sold
svery where. or maile4l In plain wrapper op receipt of \
}rice by THE PEKFEtTO CO., I'axtoa Bide fhlcifo, lU.
IOIA tar Owl Dreg Co.. San Fran, and OakUa4.
R2f&DR. BALL'S REINYIGQRATOi
KKf" l^ Kive hundred reward tor any ea^.?
SpQ Ht we cannot cure. This secret remedy
3^ j: >-tops all losses in. 24 hours, cures
IwS fei* Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele '
ftwS lyjfri Gonorrhoea. Oleet, Fltß, Strlcturesi
yE ! Manhood and all wasting et-
f Oonorrboea, Uleet, Fits, Strlctur-?o
il Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
fjnjnj* ifife 1 ! toots of self-abuse or. excesses. Sent
KZS£2a.] sealed. s2 bottle; 3 bottles,}?; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL .IV- /
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also " /
:or sale at 10734 Market St.. S. F. Alt prl- /
rate diseases quickly cured. Bend for fry book. /
56
THURSDAY NOVEMBER 24, 1898
JOHN Dl SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F-
Telephone Main 1368.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Streak
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) »«
served by carriers In tfols city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall S6 per year; per monto
6S cent*. ________
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $150
OAKLAND OFFICE »08 Broadvyay
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl__« Hone*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C GEORGE KROG.NESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES — 52T Morjtgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 38T Hayes street, open until
0:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
•'clock- 615 Larl^ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
19*1 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street open uotll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street. op«a
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-»««ai»_ «a«
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENT*,
California— Lights."
Columbia— "At Gay Coney Island."
Alcazar — "Imagination."
Tlvoli— Zuzette.
Morosco's— "ln Sight of St. Paul's."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
The Chutes— Gorilla Man, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia — Corner Mason and EJ< / Streets. Specialties.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Ingleeide Coursing Park— Coursing.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
inglesiUe Tra^k— Races To-day.
Rosenthal — Coming In December.
THUGS OF THE RING.
THE prize-ring is a disgrace to the country. Tol
eration of it has bred a race of muscled
vagrants, petty confidence men; has lowered the
general moral tone of more than one community;
has been productive of no good- The pugilist is a
public burden, too lazy to work, too uncultured for
professional life and lacking in courage to become
a highwayman. 'When not in training for some event,
which when it does come ofl is a fiasco, he naturally
drifts to association with criminals and outcasts.
There should be an abatement of the professional
pugilist < Hher nuisances far less obnoxious are
abated. Garbage goes to the crematory; thieves to
jr.il. Why this exception in favor of the pugilist, who
is more of a menace to humanity than the inert offal
oi the rogue who gets caught?
Theoretically there may be some excuse for prize
fighting. In reality there is not. It does not stimu
late decent people to healthful exercise, but it opens
to a lot of pluguglies an easy way in which to make
a living. There are laws against prize-fighting, but
they are so constructed that locally the Supervisors
can override them; and the Supervisors do. They
have on more than one occasion been bought for a
seat close to the ringside.
Upon the Legislature will rest the duty of so chang
ing the statute t that it cannot be defied by lawless
Supervisors and other "promoters." Every person
encouraging one of these illegal affairs by his presence
should be arrested and heavily fined. Every principal
should be sent to the jail or the chain gang. Every
official conniving at it should be deprived of office.
Prize-fighting, so far at least as California is con
cerned, must stop. It has been borne with too long.
It has brought odium enough upon the common
wealth.
A general discussion of the prize-fight in the ab
stract is not here necessary. We even pass over
inquiry as to why anybody should care which of two
ruffians can whip the other. It is enough to say now
that the "sport." brutal and useless as it would be
if conducted honestly, has degenerated into a swindle
and an outrage. Let it be stopped. Any fistic contest
more than a friendly bout at an athletic club, no
admission being charged and no prize offered, should
be regarded as an offense and rigidly punished. The
duty of the Legislature on this subject is clear, but
from time to time an effort may be made in these
columns to illuminate the clarity. It is time for the
Corbetts and Sharktys to actually earn a living by
some method of toil to which their limited intelli
gences adapt them. Yet they are not wholly to be
blamed. The burden of guilt rests with those who
have the power to stop the disgusting fakes and fail
tc do so.
QUICK WORK WELL DONE.
THE work accomplished by The Call in reporting
the Baldwin Hotel fire merits notice as a strik
ing illustration of what a modern newspaper can
accomplish when directed by energetic men and
equipped with up-to-date machinery.
The first alarm was turned in at 3:10 a. m. Tlirr
Call obtained a report of the fire and published it in
the Oakland edition, which was sent out at 4:25 a. m.
Thus the news was gathered, written out, printed and
published in seventy-five minutes. The Call was the
only paper in the city that gave the news in its regular
Oakland edition.
At 5:59 the city edition was issued with a full page
account of the fire, and at 7:03 an edition containing
a complete report up to the time the fire was extin
guished was published.
The record, it is to be noted, was made for quality
and accuracy of the report as well as for speed. It is
one of the many proofs The Call has given that it
has the men and the machinery to meet and master
every emergency that arises.
The Anglicized Astor denounces as a lie the story
that he made a wager concerning the size of the
section of redwood procured from California. He has
need to get excited. Nobody ever believed it was
anything else.
Somehow the police reporter fails to state whether
these fellows who attempt suicide on "account of de
spondency" feel any payer after a stomach-pump has
wooed them back to the discomfort of living.
Uncle Sam, with Aguinaldo across his knee, a
shingle in his hand and an expression of determina
tion on his face, would form a fitting picture illustra
tive of the situation in the Philippines.
A wealthy man has been arrested for the theft of a
can of lard worth 50 cents. He ought to be ashamed.
There are cans of lard worth a dollar.
The Call will admit to being a little proud of the
way in which its young men handled the story of the
Baldwin fire.
Jacob Neff is one of the men who must submit with
what patience they can to having honors thrust upon
them.
THE LESSONS OF THE FIRE.
r^x ISASTROUS as was the fire that destroyed the
) Baldwin Hotel, the results would have been
* — far worse had not the brave and energetic
labors of the Fire Department been assisted by a
species of good fortune. Had the night been windy
there is no telling how far the flames would have
spread, or had a panic ensued among the startled
guests it is probable the victims would have been
numbered by the scores.
Full credit will be given to the arduous work of the
firemen and to the skill with which that work was
directed. Nevertheless, when the nature of the huge
building, the time of night when the alarm was given,
the number of persons sleeping in the structure and
the rapidity with which the flames spread are con
sidered, it will be seen that good reasons exist for
accounting ourselves fortunate that the damage to
property and the destruction of life were not appall
ingly great.
San Francisco cannot always count upon good
fortune to save her from the most direful conse
quences of such disasters as this. It behooves those in
authority, therefore, to study well the lessons of the
fire and profit by their teaching. They point an
emphatic warning against the toleration of fire traps
among the great structures in the crowded center of
the city.
A careful watch should be kept upon the construc
tion of buildings within the fire limits, and every
where upon all tall structures designed for habitation.
When the Baldwin was built it was outside the center
of the city, and fireproof construction was unknown
to us. No particular blame, therefore, can be placed
upon its construction; but the type which it repre
sented should not be permitted again in the business
portions of the community.
The lesson, moreover, should be acted upon at
once. There are reasons for believing the super
vision of buildings within the fire limits has been
carelessly done, and that buildings are now in process
of construction which are not even as good as was the
Baldwin Hotel. An examination should be made of
all these structures, and fire-proofing arrangements be
required before it is permitted to complete them and
ooen them for use.
It will be further worth while to give consideration
to the extent of the area within the fire limits. Since
the boundaries were adopted the city has grown, and
a considerable district left at that time outside the
limits should now be included within them. It would
be easy to point out structures now in process of erec
tion which are dangerous in their liability to fire, and
a menace to the property around them; and many of
these are in localities which if outside the fire limits
ought not to be so.
It is not likely that these lessons of the fire will be
overlooked. They were made too clear in the blaze
of the burning hotel and too impressive by the loss
of property and life. The only danger is that they
may be neglected by the city officials and permitted
to pass without profit. To avoid that danger, the
work of inspection of new buildings should begin at
once. There should be no delay. Now is the time to
see to it that the fire limits are made commensurate
with the danger area of the city and that all new
structures within that area are fireproof.
OUR NATIONAL THANKSGIVING.
IN accordance with a custom which has now become
firmly established, the American people will to
day turn from the toils and cares of their lives and
with joyous minds celebrate the annual festival of
Thanksgiving.
The institution is peculiar to ourselves. No other
people have such a festival on their list of public
holidays. In this land alone of all lands on earth
have all classes of people so large a share in the
profits of their labor and so fruitful a return for the
work of their hands that a yearly celebration of the
common bounty and prosperity is felt as a necessity
of their lives.
With each returning season the people find suf
ficient reasons for the celebration of the festival. We
have had droughts, industrial depressions, financial
panics, wars and many other forms of hard times;
but never yet has a year come without bringing to
us between seedtime and harvest such a bountiful in
come of good that the hearts of all could rejoice with
a genuine sincerity when the time came for the
Thanksgiving to be celebrated.
So steadfast has been our prosperity and so con
tinuous our blessings that it has become a common
place on each recurrence of the festival to find in that
particular year strong reasons why the celebration
should be more exultant than at any previous time.
This year will not be an exception to the rule. The
swift triumphs of our arms in a war for humanity,
the many illustrations of the heroism of our citizen
soldiery, the increased prestige which our republic
enjoys among the powers of the earth, the revival of
industry and the proof given by the elections of the
stability of popular sentiment — all these things can
be cited as causes for special rejoicings, and in each
case the citation will be just.
(ireat as are the causes for these special rejoicings,
however, it must not be overlooked that the pro
founder reasons for our Thanksgiving are to be found
ii- blessings which change not from year to year, but
are permanent in their nature, or at least are so in
herent in our social organization that they will remain
the heritage of the American people so long as the
people have the virtue to sustain the fabric of a
free government and a society in which the highest
rank is accorded to intelligent industry, intellectual
honesty and moral worth.
In the upbuilding of the republic our fathers have
accomplished more than the making of a great na
tion — they have made a great people. Among the
characteristics of our manhood displayed during the
war magnanimity and generosity in the time of victory
were not less notable than valor and strength in the
hour of battle. So also in the battle of life among us
the victors whose successes bring them millions fail
not to show a generous helpfulness to those against
whom the fortunes of battle have turned. Between
all classes of our citizens there exists the bond of true
humanity — a humanity which recognizes the right of
all and does justice to each, granting every one that
which his merit deserves.
While these republican virtues prevail among us
we shall not be without cause for rejoicing at each
returning Thanksgiving, whether there be peace or
war, good times or bad.
The more the recent bank failure in Emporia is
looked into the more assured becomes the belief that
the president's head was level when he blew the top
of it off.
After a while San Francisco will reach such a stage
of development as to object to the building of great
structures of lath and plaster.
The Report intimates the wisdom of betting that
a prize-fight will be a fake. But is it permissible to bet
on a sure thing?
The finger of suspicion pointed at Mr. Reddy of
Oakland appears not to have been loaded
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
TO condemn racing as it is now carried on in this
city is not to condemn it when properly con
ducted. To maintain racing all the year round
is simply to kill the sport so far as every legitimate
feature of it is concerned.
Racing, ideally, leads to the breeding of good
horses, a healthful and pleasing exhilaration on the
part of spectators who love horseflesh, and a fair re
turn to the breeder. But, like some other sports,
racing has reached a low level. It has little left to
commend it. Morally it is on a plane with the wheel
of fortune or the shell game. Once it was an aid to
county fairs. Now it does much to ruin such events.
Once there was a possibility of judging by the known
merits of a horse his prospect of winning. That chance
has gone, so that racing, by inducing men to bet,
becomes a swindling operation.
One phase of the damage wrought by the con
tinuous performance on local racetracks may be ad
verted to here. It has ruined men without number.
It has sent •'trusted" employes to San Quentin or to
exile. Women have been caught by the fever of folly
and brought sorrow to their families and disgrace to
themselves. By frequenting the racetrack girls and
boys have beclouded their own characters. His pas
sion for gambling, aroused by the constant oppor
tunity afforded by the races, placed Theodore Figel
under the suspicion of murder and theft, and his old
father suffered pain and financial reverse. Welburn
sought the track, and somewhere in a foreign land, a
reward posted for his capture, Welburn is a fugitive.
Unable to flee, his cashier, ruined by the same means,
found such peace as the grave of a suicide affords.
Widber gambled on the races, and he will for seven
years be a felon in stripes, his reputation gone, his
future blasted.
Such are a few sample specimens of the work that
the racetracks have done for San Francisco. Yet,
as intimated in the beginning, there are methods and
limitations by which racing can be made a desirable
attraction. To define these methods and fix these
limitations is one of the tasks which will fall to the
Legislature. It is a task too important to be lightly
considered and one which must by no means be neg
lected. So rotten has the system in vogue become
that it will in the end, unless corrected, mean the
abolition of the speed contest. The racer better be
hitched to a dray than be used merely as a part of a
plan for duping the public and leading the inexperi
enced into temptation.
r FREDERICK TREVOR, who has been an
nounced with a flourish of trumpets as an "emi
nent London sargeon," has recently declared
that the human stomach has undergone no change
whatever since the earliest age to which man's exist
ence can be traced.
In the processes of development carried on by
evolution through long periods of time, the brain, the
muscles and even the bones of men have undergone
considerable transformation. The skull is larger, the
toes are shorter and arms and legs and lungs have
! all changed. The stomach, however, stands im
mutable. It is in the daintiest darling of to-day even
as it was in the troglodyte of the palaeolithic age.
Mr. Trevor considers that this stomach, which has
come down to us as a survival of the time when men
i lived on raw mastodons, is too large for our enlight
ened needs, and is a fruitful source of ills, because it
is abnormal to our civilization. He favors "the re
moval of a considerable portion of it," and says "ex
perience has shown that such an operation would
ensure greater comfort to everybody."
To the unreflecting man this topic may seem un
i timely to the occasion of Thanksgiving; but he who
i reflects for a moment will perceive that it is most
i pertinent and opportune. What greater joy and com
fort can we give to any American citizen as he sits
down to dinner to-day than this assurance on high
authority that the stomach with which he confronts
the turkey and the pie is the same vast, capacious,
devouring organ with which the cavernicolous giants
cf the time of earth's primitive vigor digested and
absorbed the rich juices and massive fibers of the flesh
' of the megatherium and the plesiosaurus, and after a
dream of Eden awoke in the morning to slaughter an
ichthyosaurus and have another feast?
Whether or not it may be better for us all to have
surgeons considerably reduce our stomachs at some
future time is another question. For to-day it is
sufficient to know they have not yet been reduced. In j
j the stomach we are yet equal to the primal demigods
who were strong enough to subdue the earth and its
beasts with their bare fists without the aid of imple- i
ments or weapons, and whose mighty appetites en
abled them to eat anything from a pterodactyl to a j
sea-serpent without the aid of cooks.
In this assurance let every American >to to his feast
to-day. Let him eat his turkey with joy and drink
his wine with a merry heart. And "may good diges-
I tion wait on appetite."
All honor to J. L. White. He died the death of a
hero. With every opportunity to save himself, he
chose to save others, and he fell a victim to his own
generous bravery. There is no greater heroism.
"Greater love hath no man than this, that a man lay
down his life for his friend." And yet there seems
to be a greater love — the humane impulse to lay down
life for- a stranger speaks of a broader and more un
selfish humanity. Mr. White perished at the fire.
He went to death conscious that he had saved others,
an<* those who witnessed his acts will remember him
as a valiant and noble man.
A woman in New York committed suicide because
her husband objected to her riding a bicycle at night.
j The excuse appears insufficient. Still, her request
j that he take tender care of the pet dog, which she
could not take with her, ought to be heeded, and in
attending to the "purp" he may in a measure forget
his woes.
For once the whole town can say, "I told you so."
The Baldwin had been for years known as a death
trap, and its long exemption from destruction had
been a wonder.
«
When people are freezin,. to death in Nebraska
wonder arises that any should consent to stay in that
blizzard-kissed country when California is so ac
cessible.
One reason the Kaiser will feel indignant at the re
buke from the Duke of Westminster is that there is
positively no chance of sending anybody to jail for it.
•
The war cannot be regarded as absolutely settled
until somebody has explained why the crew of the
Teresa deserted.
The only regret as to the shooting at thieves at the
Baldwin fire is that the bullets seem to have missed.
A Los Angeles father has sued his son for libel.
Spare the attorney's fee and spoil the child.
Spain's refusal to take cash is for temporary use
[ only.
A DEGENERATE SPORT.
THE UNCHANGED STOMACH-
MILITARY RECORD
TO BE PROUD OF
THOUGH but 23 years of
age. Lieutenant Thomas M.
Anderson Jr., U. S. A., now
a guest at the Occidental,
has a military record of which
any war-scarred veteran might
well be proud. He entered the
Fourth Cavalry in August, 1894,
and, after successive promotions,
received his commission as lieu
tenant in June, 1597.
It was in the Thirteenth United
States Infantry, however, that he
won his laurels— leading the
charge up San Juan hill—per
haps the most notable as well as
fatal engagement of American
troops on Cuban soil. Of the 420
men in his regiment that took
the field, 109 were killed— a larger
percentage of field loss than that
suffered by any other regiment
during the campaign.
"The road we traversed," he
said, yesterday, "was very nar
row, with high, dense and almost
impenetrable underbrush on either
side. The enemy, knowing that it
was the only road we could take,
had trained their guns upon it,
and were doing terrible execution.
Ahead of us were the Sixth and
Sixteenth regulars, and the Sev
enty-first New York Volunteers
all comprised in the Second Bri
gade. The Seventy-first, com
posed of raw, undisciplined men
and unable to respond to the tell
ing fire of an unseen enemy, was
routed, badly beaten, and retreat
ed along this narrow road until
stopped by our division com
mander. General Kent, who or
dered them to Ue down on each
side of the road so as to permit
the troops in the rear to advance.
"This we did by walking over
them, crossing the Bloody Bend
at the San Juan River, and en
tering the open field in front of
San Juan Hill, which was strongly
fortified by the blockhouse and in
trenchmentp. It was there that
we lost so many officers by Span
ish sharpshooters concealed in
WORTHY CASE
FOR CHARITY
® : ®
f». * ©
® A PARTICULARLY sad case of destitution is that of a family by the ®
~ /\ name of Strong at 1623 A Eddy street, in this city. It is a tale of an ®
z: A-A unfortunate accident followed by absolute want and misery. It af- ®
® / » fords an opportunity for the good offices of the charitably inclined. (5)
® and in these days of thanksgiving a small portion of the good ©
® cheer which is bo widely disseminated would be well placed in this family ®
® who have been so sadly afflicted. The case is all the more pitiful from the ®
® fact that there Is a little babe of thirteen months, who, with the father ®
® and mother, has often wanted for the barest necessities of life. ©
® Last April A. L. Strong was almost killed by a premature discharge ®
® of a dynamite blast in a mine at Chinese Camp, in Tuolumne County. He ®
® escaped with his life, but at a terrible cost, for he suffered the loss of his ®
® eyesight and hearing, the right eye being completely destroyed. His left ®
® arm had to be amputated at the elbow and two fingers of the right hand ®
® were carried away. He sustained other injuries, and is now utterly in- (•)
® capacitated from earning a living for his little family. The doctor will (5
® perform an operation next April on the left eye, but the most he can hope ®
® for is that his patient will be able to see about four feet away. ®
® The Strongs came to this city and have been living in two scantily ®
® furnished rooms since the first of the month. A Mrs. Glbeau paid a ®
® month's rent, amounting to $8, and it will be due again on the Ist of De- ®
® cember. Mrs. Strong, who is well-nigh distracted with the terrible calam- ®
® lty that has befallen her, says that had it not been for the kindness of ®
® some neighbors she does not know what would have become of them. She ®
® is anxious to get work by the day to help support her afflicted husband ®
® and Mrs. Gibeau has kindly consented to take care of the baby during ®
® her absence, as the father is utterly helpless and hardly knows how to 9)
® take care of himself. /=*
® It Is a worthy case for charity, and in these prosperous times, when ®
® plenty seems to be the lot of many, a few grains of it will be gratefully ®
® received in the Strong family, who have suffered so much and so Da- ,■»
® tiently. v )<
® ®
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@
WEBSTER DAVIS
AND TliE FIGHT
It Is pleasant to turn aside for a mo
ment from the boastfulness and jeal-
o usy, the arrogance and self-esteem of
I certain public men, and contemplate
j the achievements of modest worth and
I unassuming merit. The Hon. Webster
Davis, Assistant Secretary of the Inte
j rior, has just illustrated for our en
lightenment and reassurance the possi
' bllities that are open to a man of real
I ability and worth who goes forth with
| out the meretricious aid of clamorous
announcement.
Mr. Davis has no clacque. He is en
veloped in no nimbus of manufactured
notoriety, nor aided by any accessories
of artificial reputation. Yet Mr. Davis
i has just concluded a tour of the coun
j try extending from Pennsylvania to the
Pacific Coast, and the harvest of his
oratory is Republican triumph all along
the route. In Pennsylvania, Ohio, In
diana, Kansas, Nebraska, California
j and Washington he has strengthened
the party by his eloquent and patriotic
appeals. Quay owes him for much of
his hard-won success against the most
powerful opposition he has ever yet
encountered. In Ohio Mr. Davis fought
a valiant fight with burning words
and sumptuous periods that carried
conviction to every doubting heart. In
Indiana he helped to perpetuate a Re
publican ascendancy, which, to say the
least of it, is abnormal and depends
upon most extraordinary and unusual
circumstances. In Kansas, where Mr.
Davis was especially active, the Popu
lists have been driven out of power for
the first time in many years, even Jerry
Simpson, the pow-wow of Medicine
Lodge, having gone down before the
storm of popular enthusiasm. In Ne
braska Mr. Davis was a most conspic
uous agent of the political revolution
which recovered t~e State tn Republi
canism by a remarkable majority. In
California Mr. Davis* party has swept
everything before it and in Washing
ton the tremendous majority which
sent Hon. J. Hamilton Lewis to Con
gress two years ngo has been extin
guished and that picturesque and most
attractive statesman has been retired
to private life.
No doubt it will be said by persons of
a certain mental h: :f that these are
mere coincidences. We shall neither
deny nor argue that ungracious point.
It is worthy of remark, however, that a
still more noticeable coincidence is dis
cernible in the situation — the coinci
dence of Democratic gains in almost
every State which Hon. Webster Davis
did not visit, and among nearly all the
communities which were denrived of
the stimulus of his oratory. Enough to
point out the facts and leave the coun
try to form its own conclusions. We
shall not say in so mrny words that Mr.
Davis is the only political apostle in
the land. We content ourselves with a
simple statement of the fact that his
itinerary has been converted into a trail
of Republican victory and leave to oth
ers the task of expl ining it upon any
hypothesis save that of his personal
magnetism, his contagious fervor and
his brilliant flow of language. — Wash
lnarton Post.
tall trees, only a few yards away.
"Of the officers, two were killed
outright and five wounded. The
men behaved admirably, and the
discipline of the troops was per
fect. They advanced with all
the more determination as their
comrades were killed off. This
was a grand thing to see."
Lieutenant Anderson, who has
the strongest testimonials to his
bravery recalls, with very natural
pride, his introduction to Alger's
chief of staff by Secretary Alger,
as 'the first man to reach the top
of San Juan Hill"— an incident
that occurred when he was suffer
ing from typhoid fever at Mon
tauk Point. Lieutenant Anderson
is the son of Major General An
derson, now second in command
at Manila, and will leave for the
latter point on the Coptic to act
as his father's aid.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. M. D. Allen of Delano Is at the
Grand.
Fred M. Kraus, a prominent St. Louis
merchant, is at the Palace.
B. C. Miner, an extensive Stockton jr.er
chant. Is a guest at tho Lick.
A. L. Hadley, an extensive Fort Wayne
(Ind.) merchant, Is at the Palace.
H. Cox, manager of the Stanford base
ball nine, is registered at the Palace.
A. D. Cutts, a well-known general mer
chant of Marysville, is at the Grand.
A. F. Jack, a prominent Paso Robles
banker, is a late arrival at the Palace.
F. W. Embry, a Rochester (N. V.) capi
talist, has apartments at the California-
Joseph Craig, proprietor of the High
land Springs Hotel, is stopping at the
Grand.
Dr. Kaestner, a prominent Leipsic phy
sician, is among recent arrivals at tho
California.
Deputy Controller W. W. Douglas is
down from Sacramento, and registered at
the Grand.
Captain John E. Boyer of tho First Wis
consin Infantry Volunteers is registered
at the Occidental.
J. W. Heard, a well-known Grass Val
ley mining man, is at the Grand, accom
panied by Mrs. Heard.
C. M. Coglan. secretary of the State
Board of Equalisation, accompanied by
his wife, is at the Lick.
George Crocker and Julius Kruttschnitt
of the Southern Pacific Company arrived
from the north by special train yesterday
morning.
E. S. Pilsbury, the well-known attomoy,
has gone to New York on business con
nected with his profession. He will re
turn about Christmas.
E. T. Wallace, mining expert, and J. H.
Wadsworth. banker, both of Yrcka: John
H. Carruthers. a Butte (Mont.) mining
man; W. T. Kerney, a Toronto (Ont )
merchant, and W. A. Ward, in the mer
chandise line at Victoria. B. C, are among
late arrivals at the Palace.
Dr. Catherine V. C. Scott has just re
turned from the East, where she went
three months ago to attend post-graduate
lectures and to me^t her brother, a medi
cal missionary, home on a vacation from
Persia. She spent some time in New
York City during the heated term, and re
turns more than ever satisfied that San
Francisco climate is the best this planet
affords.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— J. C. Stubbs of
San Francisco is at the Windsor. H. F.
Ramsdell of San Francisco is at the Hoff
man.
■ m « '
Death of a Foolish Woman.
Mrs. Annie Ambrose, wlfp of F. M. Am
brose, residing at 97 Roach street, died
yesterday morning of pelvic peritonitis,
the effect of a criminal operation per
formed by herself. The deceased was a
native of California, 24 years 11 monthg
old.
WELLS-FARGO
STILL EVADES
REVENUE LAWS
Test Case Filed by the
Attorney General.
A FINAL DECISION WANTED
CASE WILL BE CARRIED TO THE
HIGHEST COURT.
Notwithstanding Several Adverse
Decisions the Corporation Still
Forces the Burden on
the People.
Whether the people or Wells, Fargo A
Co. must bear the war revenue tax im
posed upon bilis of lading, receipts, mani
fests, etc., that pass through the offices
of the corporation named will be decided
in the near future in a suit filed yesterday
by Attorney General W. F. Fitzgerald for
a preliminary writ of mandate, to compel
the company to bear its share of the Gov
ernment's burdens. An alternative writ
of mandate was issued upon the filing of
the complaint, directing the defendant
corporation to make appearance before
Judge Troutt on December 9 and show
cause why the writ should not be made
permanent.
W. H. Anderson, Assistant Attorney
General, made the affidavit upon which
the proceedings are brought. He alleges
that under the provisions of the act of
I Congress providing for the raising of rev
' enue with which to carry on the late war
|it is the legal obligation of ail express
I companies to pay the tax. He further
avers that Wells, Fargo & Co. refuses to
comply with this obligation, and for this
1 reason the writ is asked.
Anderson, in building up his case, pre
! sented at Wells, Fargu's local office a
| package on October 19 last for transpor
; tation and the company refused to for
ward it unless a stamp was affixed by the
owner. This treatment on the part of the
corporation, the affiant avers, is accorded
all who present packages for shipment.
This amounts, he contends, to a violation
of the franchise of the corporation and a
breach of its duty to the public. It is
further seeking, by unlawful and evasive
acts, he avers, to escape bearing its share
of the internal revenue tax and to force
the burden upon the public.
The petition is similar to the one pre
sented to the State Supreme Court, which
that tribunal dismissed without prejudice,
holding that the case should be. entered
in the Superior Court. A new and impor
tant clause in yesteday's petition sets
forth that:
Affiant is Informed and believes . . .
etc., that defendant threatens and intends to
and Will continue its aforesaid unlawful, ex
tortionate and coercive acts, and threatens and
intends to and will continue to force the peo
ple of this State to hear the burden of defer. l
ant'a share of said internal revenue tax in the
manner and by the means aforesaid until di
rected ami ordered by this court to cease and
ntinue it? said practices, and to Issue its
Bald bills of lading, manifests and other evi
dences of receipt and forwarding, and to affix
thereto the internal revenue stamps required by
law at Its own r-r.*t and without any cost what
ever to the shipper as provided by law.
Attorney General Fitzgerald explains
that the suit is brought to make a test
case and secure a final ruling, which will
necessitate carrying the matter before the
United States Supreme Court. In a suit
tried in the Justices' Court Judge Harry
ordered judgment entered aj?alnst Wells,
Fargo & Co. The case was carried to tho
Superior Court and Judge Troutt sus
tained Judge Barry. Without doubt, in
asmuch as Judge Troutt is conversant
with the points of law involved, he will
hand down an opinion in the case shortly.
Then the line of appeals will be run unUl
ultimately the court of last resort is
reached and an opinion handed down for
ever determining whether or not a corpo
ration has a right to enjoy the privileges
and protection afforded by the Govern
ment and then refuse to support it when
it is in need of financial support. *
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JOAQUIN MILLER— A. L. L., Chicago,
Til. The postofflce address of Joaquin
Miller is Oakland, Alameda County, Cal.
DIVORCE— P. J. S., City. An individual
coming to California from New York or
any other State -wishing to apply for a
divorce must be a resident of the State
one year before action for divorce can be
instituted. '
RELIGIONS— 8., Oakland. Cal,
The latest estimates on religions in the
United States are those based on tne
census of 1890. These give Roman Catho
lics. 2.277.039; Adventists, 55.742: Baptists,
422,291; German Evangelical. 160.000;
Methodist. 4,960,240; Presbyterian. 1.229,012;
Lutherans. 1.086,048; Mennonites, 102,671;
Jews, 250,000. ______
INVITATIONS TO WEDDINGS— Miss
8., Oakland. Cal. A writer on etiquette
says on the subject of invitations ■to
weddings: "No answer is necessary.
Persons living at a distance receiving an
invitation inclose their card and send by
mail. Those who cannot attend either
send or leave their cards for the hostess
within a « few days after the wedding.
After the bridal party returns home. If
the bride has reception days, all who were
invited to the wedding must call, and it
is also imperative to call on her mother,
who invited you."
■ m ■
New basket?, just arrived. Townsend's*
- •<+ • ■
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■• m »
Jack— Come, old man, cheer up. What
if she did break the engagement; she's
not the only fish in the swim.
Tom— Oh, I don't care anything about
her breaking the engagement, but you see
I've got to go right on paying installments
oh the ring for the next six months.
That's where the icy breeze comes in.
. ♦ »
Angostura Bitters, the great regulator of tho
digestive organs. Get the . genuine. Dr. Ste
gert's. Imported from South America.
■ ♦ ■
— That's a fine collection of stuffed
birds you have there.
Walker— Yes; and they cost, me a mint
of money.
Ryder— Where did you get them?
Walker— From my wife's dfscarded hats.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RoVal
Baking Powder
Made from pure
cream of tartar.
_________
Safeguards the f ood
against alum*
Alton baking powders are the greatest
menacers to health of the present day.
WOVAt BAKIN3 POWOBH 001. NBW YORK.HOW HUMAN HARPIES
PREYED ON THE BANKS
Lawyers, Ministers and Newspaper Men Who Blackmailed the
McDonalds in the Later History of the Conspiracy
to Rnin the Institutions.
Schoolteachers That Strove to Manipulate Dishonest Bankers to Control the School
Department-Appeals From San Quentin That Were Unanswered
by the Conspirators.
During the later history of the Pa
cific Bank and the People's Home Sav
lnps Bank the confidential and purely
business correspondence of the mana
gers of these institutions assumed
enormous proportions. The banks had
become involved in a maze of bewilder
ing complications and money was pour-
Ing forth from the vaults of the banks
Into a hundred different avenues. Thou
sands of letters bearing directly and
Indirectly upon the transactions that
drew money from the banks were writ
ten. All of thes' letters are Interesting,
but they do not bear intimately upon
the pierantic conspiracy that was or
panized and carried to. a successful
nclusion by M. H. Sherman.
After the McDonalds realized that
the Riverside Bank, the John Brown
colony, the Mohawk Canal and Im
provement Company, the Phoenix
speculations and primarily the Los
rle road deal had set
them on the hiph road to ruin i
they plunged into scheme after ;
scheme, squandering thousands of dol
lans in the crazy eff irt to save their in-
Btitutions from destruction. The Call
has in its possession all of the docu- |
ments that prove the suggestion, the \
origin, the development and the cul
mination of all these schemes.
• ■of these documents became pub- j
operty at the time when the banks
i. Much of the information con
1 in these papers has never been
-hed, and is not now of sufficient
; terest to warran a publica-
In detail. An outline of the various
schemes in which the McDonalds be
came involved subsequent to the or- j
granization of the great conspiracy by !
M. H. Sherman and his confederates is, '
ver, of timely interest. It will be
remembered that the Alaska Coal Com
pany was organized and exploited by
the McDonalds at the suggestion of W.
H. Eastland and others.
should be remembered that the
Mi Donalds used all of their con- I
■is and parasites as j
dummies. It made little difference |
to the deluded bankers how often!
or in what way these parasites j
For example, one of the j
M< Donairi .1 gents might be the mana- |
-•lent or controlling execu
f hall' a dozen different schemes.
In this way the McDonalds kept the j
■heir own affairs within a !
■ rie of dependent flatterers.
.ill explain the fact that certain
■ ji who were in the employ of the Me
lds wrote a series of most in
criminating letters bearing upon the
affairs of a dozen corporations.
The Alaska Company, as already
Indicated. was kept in its dan
grerou ace by the money
of the Pacific Bank. It, like every
thing: else the McDonalds touched,
turned to ashes. The letters of East
land and others demonstrate this fact.
The < !edar River Coal Company was
another wild venture, in which the
McDonalds sank tens of thousands of
dollars. The International Electric
Supply and Construction Company
was another vehicle in which to
drain the vaults of the bank.
The Madera Improvement Company has
a history of its own which The Call,
in proving its main accusations of con
spiracy, fraud and dishonesty, has not
found yet the necessity lo exploit at
length. The John Brown colony and its
affairs have been described at iength
without introducing minor letters that
are of Importance, but no of public in-
Many of the incidental trans
it tmns in the bank of Madera are de
scribed in occasional betters covering a
porind f over four years. The incep
tion, progress :inal c lapse of the
California Raisin Company have also
only been touched in outline.
The great transactions in real es
;n Madera and the manipu
lations of the men concerned in
lotions are also of im
portance, but not absolutely neces
sary to tho purpose of The Call in
demoi the allegations of theft.
The I Bank. +" Riverside
■■ \\'<.rks, the Riv-^rsido motor road
and the Colton Marble Works might
escribed with absolute thorough
. s far as the Pacific Bank is con
erned, hut the description would add
nothing to the prooof alrealy estab
;ished that deception, financial jugglery
bsolute deliberate theft mark the
• nof the Riverside people, the
nalds and their agents.
A volume might be written with the
■ : Late to the Los Angeles
lc and cable railroad, but this vol
ume would not be necessary to em
phasize the proof that The Call has al
submltted that Moses H. Sher
man was a dishonest schemer, engaged
!n the business of bribing City Coun
cil?, corrupting Hank Commissioners
and cheating his own confederates,
Th.is volume would not make clearer
the fact that ex-Hank Commissioners
W. H. Kniprht and Charles Dunsmore
were in collusion with Moses 7 Sher
man and his thieving associates.
The record needs to be no more com
plete than it is to demonstrate that John
E. Farnum, who is now the manager of
iho Pacific Bank, was the abject tool
of his cousin, M. H. Sherman, and with
him used the Bank Commission as a
Hub with which to threaten the Mc-
Dmialds into the acceptance of abso
lutely worthless securities, stocks and
bonds. U is not necessary to go into
more than an outline of the connection
nf the Pacific Bankers with the San Di
ego cahl^ road and the National Bank
of that town. Sherman's crazy schemes
and absolutely dishonest manipulation
of the Phoenix street railroads known
'as the Valley Street Railroad Company
have already been described sufficiently
lin detail. The Mohawk Canal and Im
i provement Company, the Mohawk Val
ley orange Grove and Fruit Company,
the Californian Illustrated 'Magazine,
I the San Francisco Printing Company
and the Panorama Company were all
1 financial fakes, in which the McDon
■ aids, blinded by llat'ery and lured by
cupidity, squandered tlT 1 money of
; their depositors and stockholders.
In reference to each of these dishonest
! enterprises hundreds of letters were
written. From these letters the fact
becomes apparent that the managers of
the Pacific Bank were most dishonest
■ in their manipulations of the books of
their institution. Whenever a new en
terprise was launched and thousands
ilars were lost in it the McDonalds
would command their bookkeeper to
(hare.' the loss to some notoriously los
ing venture, such as the John Brown
j colony or the Californian Magazine or
! one of a dozen other schemes in which
i money had been dropped as if into a
bottomless sack. To illustrate these
'■ facts in detail is not necessary.
The public of this city already knows
, through the expose in The Call that
tliM McDonalds were ready at any time
and for any purpose to falsify their
, books and conceal from their creditors
and the Bank Commissioners the de
tails of their own dishonesty and the
corruption of their confederates. As al
ready indicated, there is among this
vast, occasional correspondence some
letters that are of timely interest.
There are some, there are many, that
; indicate very clearly how school boards
! are chosen, even if they cannot be
[ elected. There are many letters from
schoolteachers in this city, showing how
certain women in the department con
sume not a little of their time in poli
tics. The personality of these women
is not of general public interest, and
for that reason is not given by The
I Call. These women had nothing to do
with the wrecking of the Pacific Bank
or the People's Home Savings Bank,
and The Call declared that its purpose j
in this expose was to confine itself to
the main facts that give the story of
the destruction of these banks.
The interestingfact remains, however,
that in the latter part of 1892, preceding
the general municipal election of that
year, Dick McDonald and oneof his most
trusted agents possessed local political
power sufficient to secure the nomina
tions of a majority of the members of
the School Board from one of the great j
political organizations. It happened, j
therefore, that several prominent j
schoolteachers in the department who I
were on terms of close friendship with j
Dick McDonald induced him to name
some of their frjend3 as nominees for
School Directors.
There are scores of letters from j
lawyers, ministers, McDonald rela- j
tlves, newspaper men, merchants and j
others not dignified by professions, j
each asking for small accomma- j
dations, which invariably were given
and as invariably never repaid. There |
are letters from men and women in all
grades of society asking to have their j
names placed upon the payroll of the j
Pacific Bank or upon that of any crazy j
scheme in which the McDonalds were i
interested. There are letters from men !
begging Dick to get them out of jail, j
but that was before Dick got there him- !
self. There are epistles showing what j
I>ii k's agents did not do in their ef- I
forts to float worthless electric bonds i
and other securities in London, Liver- '•
pool and Paris. In this miscellaneous
correspondence there is something of
pathos and humor, appeal and denun- |
ciation, satire and blackguardism, but I
they are essentially of a private nature, !
and for that reason are not published
by The Call.
Another of the parasites who fed |
upon the McDonalds was E. E. Par- j
sous, who secured an overdraft of j
many thousands of dollars from the I
bank and did what Dick commanded I
him to do in order to save himself from
the satisfaction of his obligations. I
Parsons as a matter of course was an j
abject, disgusting flatterer. The Me- !
Donalds would have no other persons !
around them except those that were
willing to stoop to the most humiliating:
servility. Parsons was involved in 1
many schemes with Dick McDonald. I
The young banker used this man for I
general utility purposes, sending him
all over the Pacific Coast and into the
Middle States on wild chases that cost j
B great deal of money and resulted in !
nothing.
Parsons outlined to Dick a gorge
ous scheme of supplying tremen
dous water power to Carson City and
li hting the town with electricity.
The International Electric Supply and
Construction Company was organized
and Dick McDonald squandered thou
sands of the funds of the bank in the
scheme. Parsons spent a good deal of
time at Carson City attempting to float
this scheme. Elaborate negotiations
were begun and continued with promi
nent electric firms, but nothing was
done. A great amount of material was
purchased and Parsons spent a very
enjoyable f'^v for which the depositors
of the Pacific Bank paid. The electric
scheme having proved a failure, as so
many had done before, Parsons started
around the country as solicitor in chief
for the Californian Illustrated Maga
zine.
He went from town to town, from State
to State, attempting to introduce the
magazine among the booksellers and
newsdealers. Expensive posters were
circulated and a great deal of money
was squandered, but nothing more ma
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
terlal than the satisfaction of Dick
McDonald'3 silly ambition resulted.
Parsons kept this absurd camnaign
going until after the failure of the
bank. He was in Chicago when the
collapse came on June 22, 1593, and from
there he telegraphed to his wife to give
absolutely no information, as he would
start for home at once. For a short
time after that Parsons lived upon the
bounty of Dick McDonald, and then,
like the other parasites, deserted him
for new fields.
TYPHOID FEVER
IS NOW RAGING
AT HONOLULU
There Are 111 Cases in
the Hospital.
KING LEAVES 160 S!CK MEN
CAMP OTIS ABANDONED— CAMP
M'KINLEY MOVED.
The First Detachment of the New
York Regiment Will Leave
Honolulu Next Week for
This City.
Major General Merrlam yesterday com
pleted his report of the administration of
the Department of Hawaii. This he will
forward to the adjutant general at Wash
ington this week. The report contains
some very interesting statistics as well a3
some pertinent suggestions made loy Gen
eral Merriam.
The latest report from Honolulu to this ;
department shows that there are 312 pa- j
tients in the general hospital at that j
place, and of this number there are 111 !
cases of malignant typhoid fever. The re- ;
port is from General King. He sailed for
Manila on the 10th of this month, leaving ;
I at Honolulu of his command of expedi
i tionary forces 160 in the general hospital.
This number is of course included in the
entire number now In the hospital.
General Merrlam in his report gives it
as his opinion that the city of Honolulu i 3
thoroughly Infected with typhoid fever.
He thinks that in a measure this is possi
bly due to the men that were sent from
here with the disease, who were taken oft
the transports at Honolulu and put in his
pitals there. While he does not so state.
General Merriam gives the inference that ,
in his opinion Honolulu is a thoroughly :
unhealthy place and not fit for the en- '
campment of troops.
General King's departure abandons
Camp Otis, and General Merriam says it
will not be again occupied by troops.
Camp McKinley has also been moved to
new ground and every possible sanitary j
precaution taken to insure the good health
of the. men.
The first detachment of the First New-
York Regiment will leave Honolulu inext
i week on the Australia, and the second de
i tachment will follow a week later on the
Alameda. If the last-named transport
i cannot bring all the members of the re-
I maining detachment, those that are left
wili f-ome on the Scandia. When the first
; detachment arrives here it will go into
i cam}) at the Presidio for about a week
until transportation to Now York can be '
i arranged for. The second detachment ]
' will also go into camp at the same place j
for a few days. General Merriam thinks
that the entire regiment will be forwarded
from Run Francisco in time to get home
I to eat their Christmas dinner.
The case of Private Aubrey D. Howard,
I Battery A. Third Artillery, who deserted ;
: from Fort St. Michael, Alaska, will come !
up for trial before a general court-martial
some time next week. The Roldler Is now
confined in the guard-house at the Pre
sidio and is new to the service. He was :
i recently arrested !n Woodland by the
Town Marshal, where he had returned to !
I his home. He was wearing his uniform at !
i the time. According to Howard's state
i ment. when he arrived In Alaska he began
to suffer with rheumatism, and he says j
the doctor told him that if he staid there
be would die. He claims that he thought !
that if he returned he could report to the
Presidio for duty. One day he took French I
leave and came home, but forgot to report i
to the Presidio at all, ro that at present
he is sojourning there in the guard-house
waiting for his trial.
Private Tuthill of the engineer corps,
who was judged to be insane, was taken
to the sanitarium at Washington, D. C,
on Monday under a guard of five men.
The cases of Sergeant Charles Clarkw, j
Battery 15, California Heavy Artillery,
\Ame Point, charged with insubordination;
Private Henry Hauler, charged with de- >
sertion. and Hospital Stewards Splllinger. :
charged with disobedience of orders, and !
Fitzgerald, charged with drunkenness on ;
duty, were all tried by the general court- |
martial yesterday. Their sentences have .
to go to the department commander for
approval or disapproval before being made .'
known. _______________
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and J,nrkln sts. Swimming. Russian, hot ,
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
Reclamation District Suit.
The trial of suit of P. J. yon I,oben Sels j
against Lester D. Green and others was
commenced before a jury yesterday in the
United States Circuit Court. The plaintiff
alleges that he is the owner of 3500 acres j
in the Pearson Reclamation District in
Sacramento County, south of the city of
Sacramento, and that his system of drain-
Ing his land by reclamation ditches,
pumps, etc., was rendered useless by the
ditches cut by the defendants^ and run
through his land. He claims $50,000 dam
ages. The plaintiff is ex-Consul for the
Netherlands. _
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur cap«». cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter »t.. r. C and 7.
Failure of a Contractor.
William Hell, a contractor of this city, j
filed a petition in the United States Dis- j
trict Court yesterday asking to be de- :
clared insolvent. His liabilities are $7568 71 1
and he has no available assets. ]
ARCHITECTS
TO BE PAID FOR
UNUSED PLANS
Hospital Fiasco Costs
Nearly $10,000.
CITY WILL FOOT THE BILL
SUPEBVISOBS' COMMITTEE AR
RANGES THE DEAL.
The Southern Pacific Is Notified
to Erect Shops in This City as
per Its Agree
ment.
The architects who presented plans to
the Supervisors for a new City and
County Hospital are to be partially com
pensated if the recommendation of tne
special committ-ee of the board is adopted.
Yesterday this committee, consisting of
Lackmann, Dodge and Sheehan, met and
heard a delegation of the architects upon
the subject of compensation. It was
stated by the architects that in cases
where plans are called for and buildings
are not erected, the rule is to compensate
the architects at the rate of 2Vfc per cent
of the estimated cost of the structure.
In this particular instance the cost was to
have been $300,000, therefore the archi
tects' percentage would be $7500.
The committee of Supervisors finally
stated that they would recommend the
payment to the twenty architects for
equal division the sum of $9750, which in
cluded the 2' 2 per cent mentioned and the
aggregate amount of three '"emiums
which were to have been awarded to the
second, third and fourth best set of
plans.
The architects dirt not state that they
would accept this basis of compensation,
but gave out the impression that they
would conclude to accept.
The Street Committee of the Supervi
sors met at the same time and directed
■ the Cferk of the board to notify the
! Southern Pacific Railroad to proceed
I with the erection of shops in San Fran
cisco in accordance with an agreement
made at the time when the city ceded
ci v-;tin water front street rights to the
company. »* v , _ . _ _
The omnilttee also received from h . T .
Imhring a deed for certain property in
the Miranda grant out near the Presidio,
the consideration paid therefor being ,
117,500. The City was oblißed to acquire
this property in order to carry out a com- |
pact with the I'nitert States Government
to extend certain streets to the Presidio |
reservation.
Chief Clerk Russell of the Supervisors,
who had been absent in Europe for four
months, returned to his place in the office
yesterday and was closeted fnr some
hours with the Street Committee, giving,
the latter some pointers on how to con- I
duct financial affairs during the dosing
months of the year bo as to make ends
meet. Russell is considered to be the best
posted man about the city building
where municipal affairs are concerned
and upon his statements made to the i
Finance Committee tin's wpek will de
pend the final apportionment of the sur
plus funds of the city provided for by the
recent tux levy. _____
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
■ ♦ ■
PULLMAN COMPANY SUIT.
The Question of Jurisdiction Again j
Raised Before the Railroad
Commission.
At a meeting of the Railroad Commis
sioners yesterday— a full board being
present— T. C. Coogan, local attorney of
the Pullman Palace Car Company, again
questioned the right of the board to in
vestigate the company's affairs and ar
gued the matter at much length. His '
protest was filed and the board, desiring
to consult the Attorney General, took the
matter under advisement and will ren- '
der a decision at its next meeting on De
cember 14. _
Don't forget German Mother's Sj-nip cures i
your child's cough. HettT try It. 25c.
« «
It Was Only a Fake.
The bubonic plague has not appeared In !
Chinatown, despite the startling one-col
umn statement to that effect displayed in j
the Chronicle yesterday. City Physiciat
Hereford made n report to the Board of j
Health yesterday stating that he had
thoroughly investigated the alleged cases
of plague and had ascertained that the
same had no existence. He had visited !
thft Chinese houses where the sickness
wan reported and found that the whole
story was a fake. His report criticises the
Chronicle for publishing such a Story, in
asmuch as he had informed tht^ paper In
advance that there was probably no truth i
In it.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kid
Body
DOLLS,
The children can be
made happy at little
cost.
12-ineh, bisque head and hands,
shoes and stockings 2Oc
13-lnch, bisque head and hands,
Rhof-F and stockings, moving eyes. 35c
17-lnch, bisque head and hands,
shoes and stockings BOc
17-lnch, blnque head and hands,
shoes ami stockings, moving eyes. <lOe
18-Inch, bisque head and hands,
shoes and stockings «."c
18-lnch, bisque hend and bands
..shoes and stockings. m>ving eyes. 75c
20-lnch. bisque head and hands,
sho«a and stockings 85c
20-lnch, bisque head and hands,
shoes and stockings, moving eyes.^l.OO
Jointed Dolls.
14-inch, bisque head. full-Jointed.... 25c
17-lnt-h bisque head, full jointed sOc
19-lnrn, bisque head, full jointed.... J»se
22-lneh, bl?que head. full-Jointed. . . .*! .45
2r>-lnch. bisque head, full-Jointed #1.55
WILL & FINCK CO.,
S2O Market St., S. F.
MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FILLED.
ADVERTISEMENTS. x AMTJSE2IENTS. -f.'jj.-<- : '.
Ell 1Z? *~I if\ I A COLUMBIA^THEATER.
/ B § H i ""^ S ■ 11.. /-~* SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
I Y ■ pi m. I j __g^ £f^^ m. -^ a -^ 1 1A A. M. Miller and W. "W. Freeman Present th»
_:;•*• ■**• -■- ™" '^ ■■ "W m ■"• — ■^ -^ All-Surpassing Musical Comedy Triumph,
The Well=Known French Writer. coney ?Iland
jf^fXft'ftJi'M'^^^^^^ Great Cast Headed by New York's Brightest
Jp "-^\!vV«Kla\ First time West of the Rockies, the Unpar-
At '.' ■."•"; ;•"; \T(S£SSSfU alleled Success, Koster & Dial's Sumptu-
¥ """'"^-.'^.x^vfljffll! Musical Extravaganza,
| C^~7^ "GAYEST MANHATTAN."
l^^^^^^^m CALIFORNIA THEATER. ■
ja |\\\v l\ As^^'^^^m Spscial Holiday Matinee To-Day i
Northern lights.
\ V^^Bsli^; Jjfc\ j^HMBH BEGINNING next Monday NIGHT.
V. \ VK '^^* SCENERY, COSTUMES AND EFFECTS.
*! « \T /ri % \^ CI7PDI7T CI?DVTPI7
fl / ?^*S»/j i SECRET SERVICE.
* $ * >ztill*W*%. M WSI II AM fill I FTTR
JVJ V 9x j. ICjfi M WILLIAM GILLETTE.
F /«A m U C&rifa) SEATS WILL BE BEADY AT NOON TO-
1 » <^^ m V Seats for Baldwin can be exchanged.
EMILE ZOLA Writes: . CS^\sl& ( ftWs^%L
Vin Mariani— The Elixir of Life, which
combats human debility, the one real cause *<^x^&%?\*^ x£-&lx £-&l
of every ill — a veritable scientific fountain of SILe o '^"esterx. vaudevme-s premier.
" ■■• Musical Artiste.
I youth, which, in giving vigor, health and
enerorv, would create an entirely new and harry lacey AND O " osiPAN-Y.in the Gre at
C»«/ » •* Hit, "Bob Racket's Pajamas."
superior race. EMILE ZOLA. Z*Z^£k^S£ZZ2 .
v^w«prw> «wb ■ nww HERBERT'S TROI'PE OF DOGS, the Greatest
! NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS jAMES^uLLEN^vocaiut.
' FRANK AND DON, Comedy Boxers.
iMWBWBMBIWBWBBiBHHMBMIIMHI^ FLOOD BROTHERS, Comedy Acrobats.
111 ]jlt Jl Jfi W4«D J » A 1 JI |S ALCAZAR THEATER.
'^JffinlJnJM'" ' A4iiLBLX^IiJh ImJ JkJLM MATINEE TODAY.
*J.' \V O HOURS OF LATj (iliiL.lt.
1 MARIANI WINE, THE FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC FOR BODY, NERVES AND BRAIN. '■■■■f*|A|f| B g a |(n}A§f
1 FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN ! IMAbINA I lUN I
Vin Marian! is indorsed by the medical faculty all over the world, "^^r "
It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles, Throat and Lung ROL I £ t F n Con £ > f ED ' S
Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General Debility, "THE politician,"
MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES AND LA GRIPPE. ST^.r^^^.SfiyS
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS. | , SEATS NOW ON SALE. _
VIN MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH irTd^p^t
T A T 1 IC* H T
SPECIAL NOTICE.— endorsements cited In our advertisements are absolutely bona- ;■ '• ■ - /'"_,/ .
fide. The originals are on file and will be cheerfully submitted to the inspection of any and Oscar Well s Comedy Opera in Three Acts,
all person* applying. ,
REWARD.— Marian! Wine contains absolutely no injurious properties. It benefits all , £^^* J^ A
and injures none. A reward of IBM It offered for information leading to th» arrest and con- Tf Tl T M /~\l ■"" Tff™ 1 X"V
viction of any person, or persons, issuing false and malicious statements calculated to in- k!j s^3K I H AV A ■■ g» B ft ""
jure the well established reputation of "VIN MARIANI." MARIANI & CO. J %,-U. *9 \l %^ (jL/ VJ3^
SPECIAL OFFER— all who write we send a book containing portraits and in.
dorsements of EMPERORS, EMPRESS, PRINCES, CARDINALS, ARCHBISHOPS and MIRTH AND MUSIC,
other dlstinnuished personates. MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 P. M.
U MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET. NEW YORK. j^sW^tl^^SS«??S^?!
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann: London— SS Mortimer Street: Montreal— 2B-20 Hospital St. CYRANO DE BERCIERAC
7rZ^~iiirT^^« WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC.
PAIN I CCC nr&ITIOTDV AMUSEMENTS. seats now on sale.
lAm L LOO Utrl 315 I ill ~~ ■ Popular Prices 25c and 500
v^OF TUP, sunset offceth fk^HMQ GR H Ml^ OPER A " *""""^SSS^SSSI-i *"
jpsE&r «-issK£"tss fflUftUaUU o bilflWll house • : ■
f^~*3?y^ldr & Fillings -- - 25cts.up V alter Morosco, Sole Lessee and ilanagec. /"'UFTTT'C' *vn 7AA I
O Open Kventnu<i&Siindar» w^ofNSTn. is9s. CHDTES AND ZOO!
2-^^W^S^i^^ MA.t uannM V. eek of Nov. 21. UK, Wilt 1L J AHI/ L\}\3 i
AW? Electro Dental Parlor* 'w m Button Vane-«Be.t Melodrama EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVE NING. "
1 Iff i^\ Sixth and Market IKI CTI/^LJTr f\ FT grand thanksgiving celebration.
*** * Dr. GW. Ki " wf '^ ii>i 1, I"! l ur -see-
__ __ .^.^ n w x m .^« "CONGO," the Gorilla Man.
II C DDBIM 7 © FOB EITHER SEX. C T^ IJ /I I I I 7C* -JOE STORMS JR.," Orang-Outang,
LC DftUR O ThiH remedy being in- I 1""^ /-I I J B and "SALLY," Chimpanzee
j/»/»« .i directly to the lh ~ - ' mo* il. V^ JL-< **J •
" Seat Of those diseases Special Ensagement of the Handsome and GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER,
fl3 O • ET*" Of the Cenito-Urinarj' Accomplished Leading Lady. • ___. T .„,-. , r , „„. t tt-i*», -rt- ,m ,j
S' "" k , rffan8 '«« r f e^ res CC u n re MISS ADELE the Handsome and GREAT BILL in the FREfc THEATER.
Q ■■■Of" th* 11 fionito-l'rinarj" Accomplished Leading Lady, -».-~«r » nn -a ,iT 77\~t -n-i.i, tt- u,i^ -..-•
JfV JHOr«an S .Pc« uire.no MISSADELE BELGARDE. tSß^Stfff^aSghffif'aSßS&fiS
WJSLWSSSKt&d i« U l SH GRAXD H^lT^S M l^N N G^AT THURSDAY ' S:
''»'«■ ;»lninnark. EVENING PRICES, 10c, 25c and 50c. ■ END.
4FWTT& TC«ase. by mail, SI.OO. matinee prices, ioc. isc and 25c. TONIGHT' TO-NIGHT'
35 W JdiJsin --"«•• -Ml" by . Matinees Saturday and Sunday. TO-NIGHT. TO-MGHT.
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agents Telephone Green 861. AMATEUR NIGHT!
114 Kearny st.. San Francisco. Cal. ' ' i-»ii»m -..^
rrtiurrw/ _.._ _ — 10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children, 5c
jnnn Tii/rn -innn COMEDY THEATER. Sundays and noueay. ioc.
IUIJU I a 1 1- \ IhIIU (Formerly the Popular Bush.)
IUJU"" InALj""IUdU matinee to-day v at 2. Take in the.,..
EVERY EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
Notice is hereby given that the first matinee Saturday. I^»k W a^\ T^ #%
installment of real estate taxes nd all j The Keigning trlcal Sensation of New L/ A I ' I I V*.
unpaid personal property taxes, includ- ! York. London and Paris, W^ B\ B M
ing balance due from those who have | __._ _ _._ __ __«- — . i I *■% A > I it I
already paid the Assessor, will be deltn- OVDAMfI FIC PCDPCDAO 111 1 V JfaJ W
Sffi Ml^'iTS rfaff^ UIKANU Ut DtKbtKAb
NO CHECKS received after SATUR- i Edmond Rostand's Great Comedy Drama. 10"L)3.V 3.1..,.
DAY EVKNING, November 26. I ENTIRELY NEW scenes AND accesso- . J
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR- j HIES. EIGHTY PEOPLE ON THE STAGE ¥ » T^, n/Mrkn
DAY EVENINGS, November 25 and Staged by Maurice Hageman. IfJlil r^llir
26, from 7to 9 p. m. By the HENDERSON COMPANY, under Da- 1 1 I Jl L L-O IL/ di
JAMES N. BLOCK, vid Henderson's personal direction.
Tax Collector of the City and County SEATS— Comedy Theater and Emporium.
Of San Francisco. Evenings. 25c to |1. Matinees. 25c to 75c.
COKE! COKE! COKE! ingleside coursing park. The Gentleman's Race
P. A. MCDONALD, THANKSGIVING DAY, For the Challenge " Clip
813 FOLSOM STREET, member 24- Is the Third Race on the Card.
Telephone South 24. tt\i/*k r\l** C^^- J~% l:y*W 1
Dealer and Importer of all brands of CORK. B 3 {1011 I SI lv »J I
Yards at HOWARD AND BEALE BT3. \J fJVJ LL KJ LCtXVC . ATUCD pAAH DAPCQ
~TYR MCNTTT TV kxtran( : e * FIVE OTHER GOOD RACES,.
JJI\..IVIVIN UJul 1. November 26 and 27-NON-WINNERS' ||| | hM ,n , ■■
a 'HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD STAKE and SAPPLING STAKE. g ". e ft JibsbsJ».
J. SpeeiullstcurMPrlvate, Nervous, and Blood Dls- ■ jfjjjX <».i« JS.^a)65S^A
MM's of Men only. Book on Private diseases and Take a Mission-street ' car and it will land 4 &^/^Q*tt£t*<jL fSTJa&tA^
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rn* experience. , , Bfc-iflBL jWPISSIMjIHgf l WlßwW»M^^*™^
Patlent»curedatHome.Ternisreß^oimbH>..HourB3 you at the gates. I»^a <« lIP a jS> jiAICT """^ ■ *
to3dHlly;B:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, lotol2.' Consul- iTMimcmv i- n tahtt^cj vnvv 8 IfiJta Sl*Sl I tludl - /Kg |||M
Utlonfieeandsacredlyconlldeutittllcall.oraUdreM _ ADMISSION, 2.>c. LADIES FREE. ,II W^\,|| |V \t^^bj.-«/^B||R
p. ROSCOE Mcnulty, M.D., ' 1 W i|OCilt» **
26H Kearny St.. San Francisco. Cal. Kfej^ifc^a " —^| — i M^ L ~**7MGLB&iDEr TR/\6k*^
I'WMTII I Vlf "jj^lsS^a I^JP& O RACING from Monday, Nov. \\ to ("
F4F 4 VS I*l U f k ¥SsS9^Pffl j^iyv^ltlSSiONj^O. 1 f> Saturday, Nov. 26, inclusive, >»
*-*Ti iJlHlll lif M ¥i*TiJKTilinnTi!i — ', ~T if Five or Mare Rcaning Rkcet Daily. Rain \ /
Oppression, SuHocation, Neuralgia, etc. , cured by Grand InU^ U d^ oo e r Tm nn p c hith n ea^ nBter Free - O b—m G » u B n^- Q
ESPIC'S GIGARETTES.or POWDER Lillian Smith. Champion Rifle Shot of the. 1/ S P R R Trlini 12« andl:lS \ 1
P«rU,J.ESPIC;NewYork.E.FOUGERA&CO. r !^ : T ?f n VrVHzon?ai on ßar^ d B^tlka^v t% p - m - daily \ L*ave Third-street
aniDBY ALLDRiiii'iisTs ' Jump; Triple Horizontal _ wars, wewawaj ■ ■ btatlon, stopping at Valencia street. ■ ■
r^:!L OLPB^ ALL I)K ' .is i a I Ladder Act; Knockabout Clowns: the Loons;! W Return Immediately after the \ /
•.■- : --.■,. ■•■ i Cornet Solo: Grand Concert; Black Alaska races . Round-trip ticket. 26c. A*\
•T4!dffiS£S!&)ft£«f*fr B'ff «is it non-poiKonoo« Bears; IVrformlnK Linnp.  ELECTRIC CAR LINES. \ I
«<^^S#>'** i *^&4^3 remedy for Gonorrhea, , Children are Interested and Amused at Glen Kearny-street and Mission-street > « '
jSSJBr T HEeT^H| gleet, p.- r ma 11.1 1. r r h<ra. Park. r"% carB every three minutes, direct to
mjSfW i:< !to 5 i*Ts.^B Whiten, unnatural di»- Admission, 10c; no further charge. Children \ g track without chanpe. Fillmoro- I J
iff ' Oc»r»ntetd Q charges, or any lnflamtna- under 5 years, free. ii ftreet cars transfer earn way. >«
IidLciNCWNAT! 0 ■91 Sold hy I>ra«rs»t^ Take San Mate.-, electric cars; Valencia. Mis- fl t■ H - *-' Kfc N - Secretary. [}
va a Sff^ or Bp nt in plain wrapper, Blon and Sutter-street rnrs transfpr. > / \ f
by express, prepaid, for . . . ' A,f^ A A«MW\«s, J\m j^ a.
tk£^^Ek£ \ CONCBBTS AN^BB^KT»r OOOQfIgDOOOQ
? STRONG&CO.^ffi<w SUTRO BATHS. nT 00 i rMflT1 qtl WOTTIPTI
1 Open Daily from 7A> iM ' to 6p' M> e — e women #
! r^!^? l^^S^ ADMISSION ToT 1 - - - '-CHILDREN V, S I^SSt jD U^lcia D $££$?' bFv^H A?th i^J /
330 MARKET ST. S.F.^ia^ Bathlngr. with admission. 25c; children. 20c. »tr*ngtti to Mxuil organ*. Depot, iS3 UmrW /
M /
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat futures weaker.
Other cereals dull.
Hay weak and Feedstuffs firm.
s Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Onions continue to advance.
Potatoes and Vegetables unchanged.
' No variation in Butter and Egg*.
Dressed Turkeys sold well.
Other Poultry steady.
Game about the same.
Fruit market dull.
No movement In Provision*.
Eastern Hide market stronger.
Veal firm and other meats weak.
Linseed Oil lower.
New prices for Mining Candles.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 23, 6 p. m.
The following are. the seasonal rainfalls to
. date, as compared with those of same date
laM season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.26 6.70 8.39
Red Bluff 0.00 1.53 4.12
Sacramento 0.00 1.56 2.64
San Francisco 0.00 2.32 2.19
Fresno 0.00 1.4S 1.3S
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 0.66 O.SB
Los Angeles 0.00 0.11 2.47
Ban Diego 0.00 0.11 1-07
' Yuma 0.00 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64 degrees; minimum, 45; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 24, 1898:
The storm which has been central for several
days on the North Pacific Coast has for the
most part been dissipated during the past
twelve hours. Showers have occurred along
the coast from Cape Mendoclno northward and
snow has fallen eaet of the Cascades and
Sierras from Northern Nevada northward.
. Conditions are favorable for partly cloudy
weather Thursday.
Northern California— Fair in south portion,
partly cloudy in north Thursday; brisk north
west wind. .
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
north winds.
Nevada— cloudy Thursday.
. Utah— Cloudy, with local snows In north por
tion; Thursday cooler.
Arizona— Generally fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday; fresh to brisk northwest winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals —
Cloudy; wind northwest. 32 miles; maximum
temperature, 44 degrees; current, 42.
W. H. IIAMMON. Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— There was a dispo
sition manifest to curtail operations on the
Ptock Exchange in the early hours of to-day's
■easii n on account of to-morrow'B holiday, for
one thing and on account of one or two de
pressing influences in the market, which of
fered obstacles to the successful prosecution of
the bull campaign. The snowstorm in the
A\>Ft, with its obstruction to traffic and re
ports of damace to livestock, was a discour
agement to advancing prices. The market felt
also that the Northern Pacific-Oregon Naviga-
Imbrogllo was to be patched up. and
Northern Pacific stocks and others concerned
downward. Weakness in a number of
the specialties, notably Tobacco, on reports of
the character of the opposition in the cigarette
branch, accentuated the prevailing tendency.
a Gas dropped off at une time 14 and]
1 r-.-.o] continued to drop. There was a.
marked falling off in the Atchlson preferred,
probably by reason of the depressing lnflu
1 ks. There was a bullish
Bplrlt latent In the market an.J It turned from ,
these centers of depression and from the re- j
glon of the snowstorm to other specialties and !
the Eastern railroads. The movement was ;
narked in the coalers and had its lncep- |
tlon in the Reading issues.
There was larpe activity at several points '
In the bond market, notably In the Reading '
1 over ami Gulf firsts and the
Colorado Southern fours "when asked." The
Ftr>n>;th of those tended to counteract weak
ness at other points. Total sales. $5,160,000.
United Stat-s 4s coupon, old 4s and the new
8s coupon advanced v « and the 3s and the new
4? registered :s: s In th<> Md price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 416.100
Fhares, Including: Atchison 13,395, Atchlson
preferred 37.150; Burlington 4120. L. & X 31.
156. Manhattan 61,520. Reading first preferred
20.904. Northern Pacific 17.24.".. Northern Pacific
preferred .'370. Rock Island 12. '20, T'nion Paci
fic 2925, Union Pacific preferred 4354. St. Paul
12.17H, Southern Railway 10.453. Southern Rail
way preferred 20.518. Paper SOW. Tobacco 13,
2«. F'-ciera! Steel, 4"70. Federal Steel preferred
M2O, People's <;as 9120, Sugar M 92, Chicago
G. W. 3745.
CLOSING STOCKS. i
Atchison 16% St Louis & S F 7%
Do prefd 4S T t Do prefd 65% ]
P. &O, all asts pd. 54 l Do Id prefd 31% ;
Canada Pacific S4" B St Paul 113%
Canada Southern.. 54% Do prefd 162VJ i
Cent Pac 2S St P& Om 87% j
Ches & Ohio 23^ Do prefd 167 i
Chi & Alton 162 St PM & M 170
Chi B& Q 119 So Pacific 25V4 i ]
Chi & E 111 607* So Railway 10- 4 j
Do prefd 11l Do prefd 404 j
Chi G W 15% Texas & Pacific... 15% *
Chi Ind & L S Union Pacific 3.", ]
Do prefd 28 Do prefd 68% :
Chi & N W 141% U P D & G. Ist ]
Do prefd 189 ast pd 6»-4 -
C C C & St L 41Vi Wabash 7%
Do prefd 85 Do prefd 22% i
Del & Hudson '.-S , Wheel & L E, 4th l
Del L & W 143 ast pd 3V4 i
Den & Rio G 18 Do prefd, do 18 1
Do prefd 62% Express Companies — I
Erie mew) 13 7 4 Adams Ex 108 I
Do Ist prefd 36 7 American Ex 145 "i
Ft Wayne 174 United States 44*4 i
Gt Nor prefd 13S Wells Fargo 125 I
Hocking Vr.l 3 Miscellaneous — '
Illinois Cent 112% A Cot Oil 31% ! ;
Lake Erie & W... 14 Do prefd S3 1 , 1
Do prefd 63!4 Am Spirits 12% ■
Lake Shore 193 Do prefd 36%
Louis & Nash 61% Am Tobacco 137% '
Manhattan L 99% Do prefd 127
Met St Ry 174 Con Gas 187 J
Mich Cent 108 Com Cable Co 175 *
Minn &St L 28 Col F & Iron 22',i ]
Do Ist prefd 98% Do prefd 77
Mo Pacific 36' i Gen Electric 82
Mobile & Ohio 274 Haw Com Co 50 ,
Mo X £ T H s Illinois Steel tr....104
Do prefd 34% Int Paper 61%
TV .1 Central 92 Do prefd 91 Vi
N V Central 119% Laclede Gas 43
N V Chi &St L... 13 Lead 34%
Do Ist prefd 71 Do prefd, ex-div.lll •
Do 2d prefd 35 Minn Iron 138
Nor West 13 Nat Lin OH 6 l
No Amer Co 7 Pacific Mail 36%;-
No Pacific 40% I People's Gas IIOV2 i i
■ Do pr< fd 70 Pullman Pal 131 l<
Ontario & W I£% Silver Certificates. 60V6 i ■
Or R & Nay 60 Stand R& T 7%. <
Or Short Line 23 Sugar 122% i
Pac C Ist pr<-fd.... 7S Do prefd 111% ; ■
Do 2d prefd 58 US Leather 6<i |
Pittsburg 172 Do prefd 67% 1
Reading 17% D S Rubber 42%
Do lßt prefd 44% Do prefd 105
HOW 27 . [West Union 93% :
Do prefd 63 Federal Steel Co.. 30% :
Rock Island 108*6 Do prefd 75% ;
St Louis &SW .".'» Brook R T 6S"g ■
Do prefd 13% I ',
CLOSING BONDS.
i; S 3s 105% N V Central lsts..llSV4
IT S new 4s reg..127V2 N J C is 113%
Do coup 127% North Carolina 65. 129
V 8 4s ..111% Do 4s 103
Do coup 113 No Pac lsts 1171,4 .
Do 2ds 35% Do 3s 68
1" S 5s rec 112',^ Do 4s 103
• Do os coup 113 NYC& St L 45.,105>i
District 3 65s ÜBV4 N & W 6s 122% 1
Ala class A 110 N W consols 142 1
Do H 105 I Do deb- 5d "...118 I
Do C IP2 O Nav-lnts ; 114' 2 ; 1
Do Currency ...li>2 O Nay 4s 101%
At'-hison 4s 97% O S Line 6s term. 130 !
Do n.lj 4s 74% O S Line ha term. lo9 j
Can So 2ds Ki'<% Pacific 6s of 95. . 102%
C & O 4V, P 88% Reading 4s ... .... 84%
C& N P term ss. 91% t R G W 15t5...*.... MU
C & O 5s 116 ii?t L & I M Con ss. 97%
'■ H & D 4>4s 104% L & S F Gen 6s. 21
1) &- R Q Ist? 108% St P Con 61.
D & It G 4s 99% St P C & P lsts.. 20
East Term li>ts 107 I Do 5s 1814
El • Gen 4s 73 80 Ry r.s 103
FW & D lsts term 79 Standard R&T6s 78 j
Gen Elec r.s 109%|Tenn new set 35.: 93^ '
G H & S A 65.... 105 iTex Pac L G lsts.lo9 " !
Do 2ds 104 I Do reg 2ds 47H
H & T C 5s 110 Union Pac 4s 101 v;
Do con 6s 110 UPD & G lajts... S4ii
lowa C lsts 105% Wabash Ist 55. ...111%
La new consols 45.106V4 Do 2<ls 92 ;
L & N Unl 45.... 93 W Shore 4s 111%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 79V4 i
MX & T 2ds fir,% Do deferred .... 6H :
Do 4s 62 l\ri« Central lsts.. 62 I
MINING STOCKS.
Cho'lar 20 1 Ontario 4 05
Crown Point 20 Ophir 65
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Plymouth 10
Deadwood 45 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry 15 Do prefd 450
Hale & Norcross.. 1 10 Sierra Nevada 1 10 j
Homestake 50 00 Standard 180 1
Iron Silver 75 Union Con 20
Mexican 18 Yellow Jacket 20 i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestlngh E prefd. 68
Call loans 2<?i3 Ed Elec Tel 195
Time loans 3@4 Gen Elec prefd.. 16« j
Stocks— Atch prefd 46%
Ateh Top &St Fe. 16% Bonds— I
Amer Sugar 122% Atehlson 4s 97
Do prefd 112 Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas 2% AUouez Mm C 0.... 5
Bell Tel 280% Atlantic 33
a Boston & Maine.. .l 66 Butte & Boston 56
Boston L... 77 Calumet & Hecla..62. >
Chi Bur & Q .118% Centennial 2674
Fitchburg 104'^ Franklin 18% ;
Gen Electric S2 Old Dominion 34%
Mexican Central... 5 |Osc*>la 12\i i
N T& N Eng.... f5 Qulncy ..:.. 143V4 I
Old Colony 193V4I Wolverine 32V4
Rubber ...: 42Vi:Humboldt 4Vi
■VTait End'prerd...li9 •.-..., .A. . . ... |
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
market here was generally firm to-day, but less
active, partly due to the miserable weather.
The continental bourses were also less inter
esting. Americans were decidedly good, al
though the support was still more confined _to
New York Prices closed under the best. Bar
gold was in very strong demand for Germany
at 77, lOd. CLOSING .
LONDON, Nov. 23— Canadian Pacific, 36H;
Grand Trunk, 7^. Money, 2<S'2!4c.
P P AR}| h Nov' OO 282 88 3 c-e -SS a panleh 4s closed at 42.85.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
26,560; exports, 27,545; steady and more active
ori winter straights, with spring wheat ne
glected.
WHEAT— Receipts, 380.175 bushels; exports.
162,858 bushels. Spot wheat, steady; No. 2 red,
7SHc. f- o. b. Options opened steady. The
early market was governed by foreign and
Northwest buying, small spring wheat receipts
and export developments, but a late break
took place on realizing and final prices were
%<§\ic lower. Sales Included No. 2 red May.
71 s i r «'72^4c; eloped 715ic.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— WhiIe a dull trade had been ex
pected in the metal market, the trade gener
ally was hardly looking for the weakness mani
fested by copper and tin pretty much through
the entire session to-day. Total transactions
represented an unusually small business and
conditions generally were of a semi-holiday
order. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants neglected; $7 25 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Easier; $12 70 bid and $12 75
TlN— Doll, with $17 75 bid and $17 86 asked.
LEAD— DuII and easy, with $3 65 bid and
$3 70 asked. The firm naming the settling
price for. leading Western miners and smelt
ers quotes lead $3 RO.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $5 15 bid and $5 2d
COFFEE— Options closed steady. 6®lo points
lower Sales 13,750 bags. Including: March.
$5 66; May, $5 75; June. $5 SO; October. $6 05®
C 10; December. $6 06.
Spot coffee— Rio. dull, but steady. Mild,
quiet; about steady.
SUGAR— Raw. strong. Fair refining. 4c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; moliisses, 3» 4 c. Re
fined, quiet and firm.
BUTTER — Receipts. 6119 packages: firm.
Western creamery, 15<g'24c; Elglns, 24c; fac
tory, IlHOUttc. . _ ,
EGGS— Receipts. 4554 packages; firm, west
erns. 22WC.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— California dried
fruits: Apples, strong; other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. .@Sc per
pound; prime wire tray, S<gS%c; choice, B%®
9c: fancy. 9%c. .
PRUNES— 3%@IOc per pound as to size ana
Ql APRICOTS— Royal, ll@14c; 13®17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 8%(g12%c; peeled, lSjp
20c per pound.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, ' Nov. 23.— Considering the light
receipts here and in the Northwest wheat had
an easier start than might have been expected.
December opened unchanged at 6S@6S%c, and
May %c lower at 67@67%c. Covering by shorts
and buying to increase long lines started, and
though not at all heavy, the demand was larger
than the offerings and an advance took place
in both options, December selling to 6S%c and
May to 67%@67%c.
The advance brought out considerable long
wheat. There was also increased liquidation,
as the lateness of the New York market and
reports regarding the export demand were con
flicting. For some time after the market was
a narrow one. with frequent moderate changes.
At about 12:30 o'clock the market firmed up
again. Seaboard receipts claim moderate
acceptances of cabled offers proved correct.
Sales here for export amounted to 180,000 bush
els.
The near report of the close or navigation
appeared to.be in the minds of general buy- j
ers. Liverpool quotations came at the close
showing a small advance. Late In the session
the weekkneed holders were not willing to re
main long over the holidays. There not being
any special demand, prices were forced off
rather easily and closing prices were about the
lowest of the day. December closed %c to %c
lower and May Is from %c to %c lower.
In a general way corn followed wheat, al
though there were Independent features influ
encing the market. May closed %C'^»c lower.
Oats were weak and lower, 1 May closing %
@%c lower.
At the close January pork was 7%c lower.
January lard 5c lower and January ribs 2%@ j
6c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
November -•■• o<^*
December 65% 6SH 67% 674 j
May 674 674 66% 66% \
Corn No. 2—
November 32% 33% 33' i 33',i
December 33% 33% 33' i 3.14
May 34Ts 35 34% 34%
Oats No. 2—
December 26% 26% 25"6 25% |
May 26% 26% 284 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
December 805 805 7 87% 790
January 9 27% 930 9 12% 9IS
May .". 9 47% 950 9 324 9 324
Lard, per 100 pounds —
December 5 0.-, 5 05 4 95 4 974
January 5 12% 515 505 505
May 5 30 5 30 5 20 5 20
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December 4 57% 4 57% 455 456
January 4 72% 4 72% 4 87% 4 67%
May 4 87% 4 87% 4 77% 4 774
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and easy; No. 3 spring wheat. StQOtc; No. 2 |
red. 67Vt<& ( No. 2 corn, 33% c; No. 2 oats,
f. o. b.. 27@28c; No. 2 white, f. o. b . L"V"-'V .
No. 3 white, f. o. b.. 2S%^29Uc; No. 2 rye, f>2<ix> '
62% c: No. 1 flax seed, 95%@9»%c: prime timo- |
thy seed, $2 20; mess pork, per barrel. $7 90f? !
7 96; lard, 1 per 100 pounds, $5 05@5 12; short ribs j
sides (loose), $4 6Ofg"4 85; dry salted shoulders j
(boxed), 4Vi4?4%c; short clear sides (boxed). j
$4 90 5; whisky, distillers' finished Roods, per I
gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf, $5 95; granulated,
$5 45.
Articles — .* ;■ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 37,000 36,000
Wheat, bushels 153,000 197,000
Corn, bushels 351,000 363,000
Oats, bushels 324.000 164,000
Rye. bushels 36.000 66,000
Barley, bushels 147.000 14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; Creameries, 14<321%c; Dai
ries, 12%(^19c. Cheese, quiet, B@loc. Eggs,
firm, fresh, 21@22c.
. WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 74,480 36,000
Duluth 636.358 236, Gut)
1 Milwaukee 79,300 57.750 i
Chicago 153.000 197.204 I
Toledo 34,338 3,000 !
| St. Louis 48,000 105.000 !
1 Detroit 19,279 14.901
; Kansas City 25,000 78,500
Totals 1,069.745 ' 798,355
Tidewater —
Boston 82,770 114.612
New York. 380,175 162,888
Philadelphia 44,789 3 24S
Baltimore 105,571 64^000
! New Orleans 94.283
Galveston 65,216 81,600
Totals 668,521 520.631
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat—, v-. Dec. Mar.
Opening ...........'. 6 1% 6 11
Closing 6 1% 5 11%
■ PARIS FUTURES..
Flour— • .... Oct. Jan. -A pi.
Opening 47 IS 46 10
Closing ; ....47 25 46 13
Wheat-
Opening ..:. '. 21 75 21 35
Closing 2190 - 2140
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Nov. 23.— CATTLE— io@;o.
higher. Sales were largely at: $4 7506 30; very
common dressed beef steers, $4®4 25; best
grades, $5 25. The stocker and feeder trade
was rather dull at $3@4 35; calves, $6@6 60. A
j few range cattle sold at $3 40@4 30.
HOGS— Market active, Me higher. Sales
' were largely at $3 474113 60, hogs selling at an
extrame range of $3 20@3 65. Pigs were 10c
higher as a rule, with sales largely at $2 Sift
, 3 35. Shippers continued almost out of the
market. "
Mii-.i-JP— There was a sharp advance In sheep
and sheep sold quickly at $2 50 3 30 for In
ferior to prime and lambs at $3 50@5 60; West
err, range sheep, $3 50@4 20. Lambs advanced
150 25 c and sheep 10c. A flock of 302 head of
IOC-pound Minnesota sheep brought $4 10.
Receipts— Cattle, 7500; hogs, 28,000; sheep, 10,
000.
; . OMAHA. &.y*
* OMAHA, Nov. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3300.
Market active, strong. Native beef steer?,
{4 30@S 30; "Western steers, $3 80@4 40; cows and
heifers, J3@4; gtockers and feeders, $3 30@3 40;
bulls and stags, $2 25*3 30.
HOGS— Receipts. 3700. Market s@loc higher.
Heavy. *3 40@3 47%; mixed. }3 42Mj^3 45; light.
$3 35W3 50; bulk of sales, $3 42^@3 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 800. Market strong. Na
tive muttons. .$3 50@4; Westerns, $3 40@3 75;
stockers, $3@3 70; lambs, $4<??S 20.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
8000. Market strong to 10c higher. Native
steers. $3 90@5 20; native cows and heifers, $1 50
ifM; stockers and feeders, $2 So@4 50; bulls, $2 25
@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 9000. Market strong to 5c
higher. Bulk of sales, $3 3ofr3 *5; heavy, $3 35®
3 56; . packers, .$3 3503 474; mixed, $3 30@3 4. , ;
light, S3 15@3 40; yorkers, |3 35®3 40; pigs, %Zli
3 30.
SHEEP — Receipts. 3000. Market strong.
Lambs, $3 95@5 30; muttons. $2 50@3 90.
■ DENVER. .
• DENVER, Nov. 23.— CATTLE— Receipts 900.
Market' steady to firm. Beef . steers, |3 75®
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
4 50; cows, $3 15@3 50; feeders, freight paid to
river, $3 5(Xf?4; stockers. freight paid, |3 75@
4 25; bulls, slats, etc., $2 25@3.
HOGS— Receipts 200. Market strong to 5c
higher. Light packers. $1 40@3 45; mixed. $3 3o
(§3 40; heavy, $3 25@3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts none. Market inactive. No
quotations.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 23.— The wheat mar
ket was steady at 60c for Walla Walla. 62c
for Valley and 63c for Blu« Stem. A cargo or
Walla Walla Just loaded In this city sold to
day on the basis of 60Hc f. o. b. Portland.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 23.— Wheat— Club, 60c;
Blue Stem. 63@64c.
Cleared— Bark Gifford, for United Kingdom,
with 132,106 bushels wheat.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company's sales of California
{rult in the East to-day resulted as follows:
CHICAGO, Nov. 23.— Red Emperors averaged
|2 18; Clusters. $2 95; Emperors, $2 09; Persim
mons, $2 07. One car sold.
BOSTON, Nov. 23.— Red Emperors, $1 64; Em
perors, $1 51; Red Emperor Clusters. $2 40. One
car sold. Weather cloudy.
CHICAGO Nov. 23.— Red Emperors. II 6')tf>
2 05; Emperors, $2 05. Cold weather. One car
S °NEW YORK, Nov. 23 -Tokays. $1 20® 2 10.
average $1 ;'.2; Cornichons. $1 25® 1 50, average
•$1 42; Verdellp. 85c<g>$l 50, average $1 22; Muscat,
?oc@sl 45. average 91c; Emperors, $1<??1 So, * v er-
Rge $1 22; Clusters, $1 3u@2 50, average $1 56;
Persimmons, $1 70. Stormy weather. Two cars
sold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Nov. 23.— Consols, 110 9-16; silver,
27T*d: wheat cargoes off coast, nothing- doing;
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady 3d
higher; English country markets, some hlgner,
Nov. 23.— WHEAT— Dull; wheat
In Paris, quiet; Hour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern spring
firm, 6s 34d. Futures closed quiet; November,
nominal; December. 6s l%d; March, 6s "Hd.
CORN'— Futures, steady; November, 3s ll%a,
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast), firm, £s<3*-
PORTLAND 1 S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. 23.— Exchanges, $275,
646; balances. $47,613.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — *« S3 V*.
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86V4
Sterling Cables — * Si
New York Exchange, sight — , 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — i 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars — *'%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— declined, but there was no
change In the spot market.
The A. G. Ropes took for Liverpool 72.885
ctls, valued at J57.462.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 1«U®1 18%; milling.
$1 20@l 23%. -_. •■?-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— May— 2ooo
Ctls, |1 21%; 4000, $1 22.
Second session— May— 36,ooo ctls, $1 22; 4000.
$1 224; 14,000, $1 21",; 2000, 1121%. December—
10.000. $1 17%.
Regular morning session — December — 12,000
ctls, $11734; 6000. $1 17%; 4000, $117. May—
000, $1 21%: 12.000. $1 21%; 12.000, $1 21.
Afternoon session— May— Booo ctls, $121; 4000,
$1214: 6000. $1 21%. December— $1 17£;
2000. $1 17%; 2000, $1 17%.
BARLEY— The spot market was dull and un
changed. Futures were easier.
Feed. $1 25@1 30; Brewing, $1 32%@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning — December — 2ooo ctU,
$1 294; 12,000, $1 59%.
Afternoon session— sales.
OATS— There li nothing new to report, the
market being quiet.
Fancy Feed, $1 27%®1 30 per ctl: good to
choice. $1 224fi'l 23; common, $1 174<i?l 20: Sur
prise. $1 35© 1 42%; Gray. $1 2001 22%; mining,
$1 2. r ,<gl 30 per ctl; Red, $1 40<| 1 47%; Black,
$1 6061 70.
CORN— Some California white Is offering,
without finding buyers. The market la un
changed.
Small round yellow, $1 15@1 20; Eastern large
yellow, $1 of/ul 07%: white, ; mixed, $1 024
61 05 per ctl; California White, .
RYE— California. $1 20@l 22%; Eastern. $115
; ©1 174 per ctl.
I BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 26; bakers'
extras, $3 90<3i per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
i lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lt>s: Rye Flour. $2 75 p*r
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 2."; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 00; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@'4 25: Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 8608 26: in sacks, $."> 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, jr.; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 60
per 100 Ids.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Feedstuffs are generally firm. Hay Is quiet
and all kinds except Oat and Alfalfa are. weak.
BRAN— sls@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19^20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31031 60; Job
i bing, $32*532 50; Cocoanut cake, J2*«25; Cotton
; seed Meal. $25330 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50@
124 50; Cracked Corn. $24<g2. r .. -' --
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 60@18 for
good to choice and $14©16 for lower grades;
i no fancy coming In: Wheat and Oat, $15® 17 50;
! Oat, J14<516, Island Barley, $11@14; Alfalfa,
$11@12 50; Stock, $ll(fl2; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Timothy, $13 per ton.
STRAW— 3S@7Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Prices for all descriptions are as previously
quoted. White Beans continue firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 95{g'2 05; Small Whites,
$2 Ir(21 r (2 20; Large Whites, $1 85@1 95; Pinks,
$1 90i&2 05; Reds, $3 25; Blackeye. $3 60@3 75;
Butters $2Sj2 50; Llmas, $3 25@3 35: Pea, $2 15®
2 25; Red Kidneys, $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25(54 50 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $4 10; Flax. $2<i?2 25; Canary
Seed, 2U<S"2%c per tb: Alfalfa. 6%@7c; Rape,
2V4®i%c; Hemp. 2%fi3c; Timothy, 5«?5%c.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25(81 40; Green, $1 CO
©1 75 per ctl.
i POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions continue to advance. Potatoes re
i main the same. Vegetables are coming In
! from Los Angeles.
POTATOES— 3O®4Oc for Early Rose and 30®
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
@$l 10; Oregon. 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, 60<gP
! 60c for nearby and $1 25 for Merced; New
Potatoes. 1%(&2c per It).
ONIONS— 4O'ijSSc per ctl: Pickle Onions, 35®
50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4®sc: String 1
Beans s©7c; Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, 35<3i
60c for Bay and $1«?1 25 for Los Angeles:
Garlic, 4(?fsc . per Ib; Dried Okra, 10c per
Hi Cucumbers, &o@6oc; Marrowfat Squash, $10
©12 per ton: Carrots, 25©35 c per sack.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced raw, 12c per Ib In lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
> desiccated. le'&lSc: granulated, raw. 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c: new, 18c; Cab
1 bage 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
I String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND "GAME.
A car of Eastern dressed Turkeys sold at
i 13(?13%c.
Arrivals of dressed Turkeys were ample,
though not excessive, and the market was easy
In the middle of the day. There was no stock
of any consequence carried over, however.
i Other Poultry was about the same.
I There was no notewort 1 --- change In Game.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 14@18c; live
Turkeys. 14@16c for Gobblers and 14©15 c for
i Hens: Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
$1 50«? l 75; Ducks, $4 SO^T6 for old and $4 50® 6
I for young: Hens, $3 6095; Fryers. $404 50;
I Broilers, $4<f<4 50 for large, $3@3 50 for small;
' Pigeons, $I@l 25 per dozen for old and $1 75 for
6< OAME— Quail. $l@l 60; Mallard. $3@5; Can
| vasback. $3Tr?; Sprig, $3; Teal. $1 75@2; Wid
! geon, $1 75©2; Small Duck. $1 2501 60; Eng
i lish Snipe. $1 50; Jack Snipe. $1: Gray Geese.
$2 50® 3: White Geese. $10125; Brant. $16002:
Honkers, $4 50; Hare, $10125; Rabbits. Jl 25®
1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All kinds are selling at unchanged prices.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries. 23@24c; sec
onds, 20©22 c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@2Oc; common
! grades. 15@17%c. I ...•---'-
Pickled Goods-Firkin. 18©20 c; picked roll.
■ Wiggle; creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern Butter— packed. 16@16V40 per
lb; Elgin. 22fg22%c. ■ ■• ■
CHEESE— mild new, 10@llc; old, B%®
, 9%c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc; Young America,
I 10%@ll%c: Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Eggs. 40@42%c per dozen; me
' dium Eggs. ■33«37%c: Eastern, 20@25c for ordi
nary and 27%@25%c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The market for all kinds was quiet. The
i weather is pretty cold for Grapes and Berries.
As for Oranges and Limes, they are dull.
Mandarin Oranges, from Japan, $1 75®2 per
box: ■■ v '/■'■'.'2'>'-"'<-
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, . J3®s per r cheat - for large and
J7SB for. •mall.:.- •
Huckleberries. s<@6c per lb.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries, $S@lo per barrel for Eastern
and $1 75@2 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes. 40@65c per box; crates sell 10@15c
higher than boxes. ■
Raspberries, $6@B per chest.
Apples,* 35<g«0c for common, 75<@85c per box
for No. 1 and $I@l 25 for choice. Lady Ap
ples, $1 50@2.
Pears— f.oci?sl per box. __,
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $3fj!4 25
per box: Seedlings. $1 50<?f2 50: Lemons, $I@2 for
common and J2 50® 4 for good to choice; Mex
ican Limes, $3 5004; California Limes, 50073 c
per small box: Grape Fruit. $3 50® 4 50; Banan
as, $1 50(g;2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@5 per dor.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, G^c for 40-50's. ihi
060 for 50-60' 3%c for 60-70' 3c for 70-80'
2V4c for SO-90's, 2c for SO-100's and IVic
for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, 2%@5c; Peaches.
6@7^c for good to choice. 7*4@Sc for fancy and
10<8>12%c for peeled: Apricots, 10@12c for Royals
and 12'?rl2 1 2 c for Moorpark; Evaporated Apples,
7Vi@7Vsc; sun dried, i&VAc: Black Figs, sacks,
2-52HC; Plums, 4V>@6c for pitted and l@l%e for
unplttcd; Nectarines, C@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, 6@7c for quarters and B@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3*;c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 634 c for four-crown. si*@6M!C for Seedless
Sultanas. i%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2?i<g3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S@l2V4c per lb; Walnuts.
6@7c for hardshell, B®9c for softshell; Almonds,
I 6<§>7c fcr hardshell; 13c for softshell, I4(&'lf>c for i
paper-shell: Peanuts, R<7i7c for Eastern and 4%@ j
6c for California; Coeoanuts, $4 50©5.
HONEY— lO^llc for bright and B®9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6 1 j<<?
7c; light amber extracted, Cc; dark, s@sHc
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26e per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 7»4c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10 l j
for extra light and 12(§ 1 12V4c for sugar cured; j
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California i
Hams. 9@9^c: Mess Beef, $10011 per bt.l ; ;
extra Mess Beef, $11®11 50: Family Beef, $12 50
©13 50; extra Prime Pork, $10: extra clear. $18®
18 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef, 12@12^c
. per lb. ?■;;. .■- ,
LARD— Eastern tierces, quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 6*4 ST7c for pure; palls, 7V£c:
California tierce? 4%^zsc per lb for compound
and 6c for nure: half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7%c; 5-lb tins, 7>4c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 5%@6V4e; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 914 c:
S-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-lb pails. 12 in a
case. B%c: 10-lb pails. 6 In a case, B%c; 50-lb j
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, BW,c: fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half j
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS. •
The Eastern Hide market Is reported much
•stronger, but the local market shows no Im
provement.
' HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c: medium, SHe; light, 8c; Cowhides,
SfgSVsc: Stags. 6c; Salted Kip. B^c: Calf. B>*c:
dry Hides, sound. ISe: culls and brands, 12c: !
dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheep- i
skins, shearlings. 15®2.ic each; short wool, SOQ
40c each; medium, 60080 c; long wool, 900®$! 10 ■
each; Horse Hides, salt, $1 75(52 for large and •
75c for small; Colts. 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c@$l for small.
» LLOW— 1 rendered. 3&c per lb; No. 2.
2%c: refined. 4 1 1 ic; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clips— Southern Mountain, 12
months', 9(gllc; San Joaquin and Southern, 7
months', B<f?9c; Foothill and Northern, free,
12014 c: Foothill and Northern, defective. 1 "r,
12c: Middle County, 13®16c: Humboldt and Men
docino, 14<516c: Nevada, 10014 c; Eastern Ore
gon. 10@12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendocino 9011
Northern Mountain gig) 9 j
Mountain 7© 9
Plains 6© 8
HOPS— IB9B crop. 14^15c per lb for ordinary; '
choice would bring more.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@3c; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, no, 5%c and
5-Tic for the three grades of white and 7@Sc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5; Walls<>nd. $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $S 50 in bulk and $10
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14. j
Cannel, $S 50 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle j
Gate. $7 60; Coke. $12 per ton In bu.K and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, C%c: Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, r.^c; Dry Granulated. 5V4c; Confec
tioners' A, s>->c; California A, sV*c; Magnolia A. I
s*4c; Extra C, sc: Golden C. 4"t,c; half-barrels, |
%c more than barrels, and boxes %c more. No j
order taken at less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
LINSEED OIL — Is lower at 44c per gallon
for. raw and 46c for boiled In barrels; cases, 5c
more.
— Following are new quotations on
Granite (mining) Candles— 16 oz. 9Vic; 6s. 14
oz, SVic; 6a, 12 oz. 7Vic; 6s. 10 oz. 6%c.
CANNED SALMON— Shipment of 5400 cases
to Liverpool and 26,142 cases and 1109 barrels
to New York by sea.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Veal keeps up all right, being scarce, but
the other descriptions are weak.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6t£ffi6sic; second qual
ity. 6c: third quality. 4<4<ffsi£c.
VEAL— Large, 7Hf?B%c; small. MfSWc per lb
MUTTON- Wethers. 7@7Vic; Bwes7iEKO7c '
LAMB— SSfSt^c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4?f4».{c for large. 4-.;«i?4Vic
for medium and S\fiViC for small; stock Hog*
2%<g3c; dressed Hogs. B<37c for prime.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
. For Wednesday, November 23.
Flour, qr sks 7.SM{Hay, ■ tons 253
Wheat, ctls 127 1 Wool, bales 123
Barley, ctle 2,550 Pelts, bdta . 70
Corn, ctls 20 Hides, no 328
Cheese, ctls 17 Eggs, SOS 5,460 I
Butter, ctls 10f>i Leather, r0115.... '69
Beans, sks 2, 776 Lumber, ft 30 000
Potatoes, pks BBG Brandy, gals 3.000
Onions, sks 166! Wine, gals 3;, ii
Bran, sks 2,370 1 Sugar, sks 4 210!
Middlings, sks... 631 ! Sugar, bbls 160
Shorts, sks 144'Ralslns, bxs 2 308
OREGON.
Hay, tons 20;
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4001
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10'
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change In mining stocks worthy j
of note.
Higher prices ruled for Hawaiian Commer
cial on the Ronrl Exchange.
The Golden Gate Lumber Company has levied
an assessment of $10 per share, delinquent De
cember 19.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Nov. 23- 10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U. B. Bonds— S F O & E.... 84% 85 >i
4s quar c0up. .112*4113 San Fran — 314
4s quar reff...lHKlll% Stockton Gas.. — 15
4s quar new.. .127 1 <; t 127% Insurance—
3s quar coup. .1056*11)6 JFirem's Fund. 2o9 —
Miscellaneous — I Water Stocks —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 115 117 (Contra Costa.. — 56
Cal El 6s 125 — iMarin Co 50 —
C C Wat 55.... 100% — Spring Valley. 100%10l
Dup-st ex c... — 98H! Hank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .130 — iAnglo-Cal 63^4 64
F & Cl Ry 65. 114 — ißank of Ca1... 230 252%
Oeary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 08 100
HC & S 5V45..103 — First Nationl.2lo 215
L A LCo 6s. — 100 Lon P & A....132%156
Do gntd fis.. 9S — Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st G5...128% - : Nev Nat 8....175 178
Do Ist M 55. 115 116 j Savings Hanks—
N C NGRy 75. 108 - Ger S & L..1625 1635
N Ry Cal 65. .113%— Hum S & 1,.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. 105 — Mutual Say. — 45
NPC X R 6s. 103 — S F Say U.. 495
NPC R R 5s.ll)0%101 |8 & L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — iSecurity S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — .Union T Co.lOfiO —
Om Ry 6s 126^128 I Street Railroads—
I* & Cl Ry Os.lOGVi 107 : California ....lIIS4 —
P&O 6s 112 - Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 1 Market-st 56% 56V4
Sac El Ry ss. 100 — Ipresldio 9 10
I S F & N P Ss.HO 110% l Powder—
SierraßCal ta.104%10H4 California ....135 145
SPof Ar 65..10?UK>9% E Dynamite... 85 —
S P Cal 65....1HVa — Giant Con Co. 57% SSV4
BPC Is eg 55.. 101 — Vigorlt 2142 l 4 3
S P Br 6s 116 - — i Miscellaneous—
8 V Water 65. 119*4 — Al Pac Assn.. 10314103%
S V Water 45.11>;!-*. — Ger Ld Wks..lfio —
S V W45(3dm).101% — iHana P C 0.... 17% 17%.
Stktn Gas 65..100 — IH C & S Co.. 51»4 51%
Oas & Electric— Hutch S P Co. 65% 66
Cent Gasllght.los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 10Vi 11 Oceanic S Co. 61% 62<£
Mutual El Co. 13% 14% Pac A F A... 1% 2%
Oakland Gaß.. 52V4 53 Pac C Bor C 0.106. 106 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 84 86 I Par Paint Co. 7% —
Pac L Co 47% — I
Mornlnr Session.
60 Mutual Electric Light, cash 13 37^
15 Giant Powder Cop 57 50
10 Hana Plantation Co, cash 17 82%
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 52 50
35 Hutchlntion S P Co 65 75
25 Hutchinson S P Co 6T. 62*,^
50 Hutchinson S P Co 65 50
$5000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cene* bonds. 105 00
30 Oakland Gas. cash 52 75
5 Oakland Gas 52 75
6 Oceanic S 8 Co 62 00
Street—
$10,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge)...lol 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
BO Central Light and Power 10 50
10 Giant Powder Con 58 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 51 75
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, b 5. 51 75
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 61 50
26 Hutchinson S P Co 6fi 30
25 Mutual Electric Light 14 00
, 6S Oakland Gas  52 75
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
45 S V Water •"••] O i «
75 S V Water 10 ° 75
Street—
150 L p & A BanK V"\T - '« 22
$20,000 North Ry of Cal 5 per cent -bonds. lOo ou
$10,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge)....101 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
50 lHarket-st '. M ?•>
75 Hutchinson 60 oO
100 S F Gas & E. s 15.... 8* 37' 2
Afternoon Session.
$8000 S V Water 4 per cent bonds... 102 50
$12,000 Ferries & Cliff 6 per cent bonds.. lls 00
40 Hutchinson 65 75
50 Hawaiian 51 00
25 Hawaiian 51 25
25 Hawaiian 51 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session. ■
100 Andes 09 200 Mexican 28
100 Belcher 20.400 Potosl 16
300 Best & Belcher. 38 200 Savage 21
400 Con Cal & Va..l 25 ! 300 Sierra Nevada.. l 15
300 Crown Point 22 , 300 Union Con — . 30
300 Mexican 27
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 04 300 Gould & Curry.. 16
300 Belcher- 23 300 Hale & Norcrs..l 25
100 Challenge ... 18 WO Hale & Norcrs..l 30
500 Chollar 24 500 Occidental 63
100 Con Cal & Va..l 25 200 Ophir 66
200 Confidence 65 100 Union Con 27
300 Crown Point 21 100 Union Con 26
200 Gould & Curry.. 17 300 Yellow Jacket... 19
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stoc»
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 36,200 Ophlr 69
500 Bullion 06 400 Potosl 15
200 Con Cal & Va...l 30 500 Potosl 16
300 Con Cal & Va.l 27V4'400 Savage 19
250 Con Cal & Va..l 25 200 Sierra Nevada.l 17>>4
200 Con Cal & Va..l 20 1 200 Sierra Nevada.. 15
200 Justice 19 j 1500 Union Con 30
200 Occidental 64 1500 Utah 15
Afternoon Session.
400 Best & Belcher. 36 j 200 Ophir 66
200 Crown Point 21 400 Savage 18
300 Hale & Norcrs.l 251200 Sierra Nevada. .l 10
CLOSING QUOTATION a.
WEDNESDAY. Nov. 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. , Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 03 04 Julia 01 02
Alta 13 14 Justice 17 19
Andes 09 10 Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 24 25 Lady Washgtn. — 02
Benton Con — 10', Mexican 26 28
Best & Belcher 35 36 Occidental 64 65
Bullion 05 07 Ophlr 66 67
Caledonia 23 — Overman 05 06
Chollar 24 25' Potosl 15 15
Challenge Con. 17 18 { Savage 19 20
Confidence 65 67 j Scorpion — 05
Con Cal & Va.l 20 125 Peg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 1051 10
Crown Point... 21 22 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York — 05 Standard 1751 80
Eureka Con 30 — Syndicate 03 —
Exchequer — 03 Union Con .... 26 27
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Utah '. 14 16
Hale & Norcrs.l 25 130 I Yellow Jacket. 19 20
. ♦ .
The custom of wearing: orange blossom
in the hair originated in Spain and not in
this country. In fact, many of the Span
ish peasant girls very seldom wear hats
or bonnets of any kind, preferring to
adorn their heads with a covering of
flowers instead.
THK CALL'S CALENDAR.
November. ISBB.
Mooa-«
8
Novem!
v
lo"
15
D
It
a
IT
IT
»
•jji New Moon.
w November 13.
-^F'.rv. Quarter,
] J> November %i.
©Full Moon.
NoToraber 17.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrorraphlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
m.irlners. without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always ho obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. 1p hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 12') th meridian, by telographtc signal re
crivfd eaih <la.y from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
BUN. MtK»N AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hich and low waters occur at
the city front (Mirsion-street w-harf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. NOVEMBER 24.
Sun rises 7:00
Run sets 4:53
Moon sets 3:29 a. m.
. a i
a
?
24 ...
25 ...
26 ...
27 ...
1:47
2:»>
3:11
3:M
H W
0:21
1:11
1:58
W
Ft.
H W
2.0 8:18
2.4 8:M
2.8 9:30
2.9 10:04
I. W
4.3 4:29
4.3 5:09
4.4| 5:52
Ft.
B.
8.1
L W
2:59
3:46
4:31
5:13
H W
«.
0.3
—0.2
1—0.6
I I Ft
i i
H W
I" "1
9:38 4.3
10:38 4.3
i 11:32 4.3
H W
5.9 5:
H 1
5:52 —0.8
6:Sn —0.7
7:081—0.6
28 ...
2!) ...
30 ...
H 1
3.1 10:
3.3 11:
3.3 11::
5.i
5.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. th» third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — > precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth glvn by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TTME BALL.
Branch Hydrojrraphlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 23. IS9B.
To-morrow being a holiday, the time ball will
not be dropped.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, T T . S. N., In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. j Due.
Propreso I Peat tie |Nov. 24
Empire [Cooa Bay (Nov. 24
Mackinaw I Tn roma I Nov . 24
Cleveland JI'UKet Sound : Nov. 24
Niivnrro Yaqulna Bay INov. 24
Homer K'oos Bay |Nov. 24
State Cal I forniaj Portland Nov. IE
Santa Rosa iSan IMe*o Nov. 25
SaniVia iHumboldt Bay Nov. 25
North Fork !Humhr>ldt Nov. 25
Wellington IDeparture Bay Nov. 2j
Chllkat [Hnmbnldt [Nov. 2fi
Burma INanaimo iNov. 26
Cook Bay [Newport Nov. 27
Aroaia Coo? Bay Nov. 27
Leelanaw Seattle Nov. 2T
Oeo. W. Elder.. IPortlnnd Nov. IS
T'matilla !\"lctorla & PiiKet Sound Nov. 28
Pomona i Humholdt iNov. 2S
Corona San Diego INov. 29
San Bias Panama N'..v. 2>
Mlneola Ifomox Nov. 29
Fulton iPortland Nov. 29
Del Norte U'rosrent City Nov. 30
Columbia IPortland -Dec. 1
Chas. NelFnn... 'Seattle Dec. 1
Orizaba [Newport !Dec. 1
Steamer.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Columbia .. Portland Nov. 24. 10 am Pier 24
Orizaba Newport Nov. 25, 9 am [Pier 11
Pomona ... Humbolrlt Nov. 25. 2 pmlPier 9
Homer Coos Bay Nov. 25. 5 pm'Pler 13
Santa Rosa. -Pan PleRO Nov. 27, 11 am-Pier 11
Walla WalltViO & P«t Sd. Nov. 27, 10 am. Pier 3
Chilkat Humboldt Nov. 27. 2 pm;Pier 13
City SydneyJPanama Nov. 2K. 12 mTMSS
Coos Bay... (Newport Nov. 29, 9 amlPier 11
Coptic 'China AJapanlNov. 29. 1 pm I'MSS
Aroata I Coo? Bay 'Nov. 21. 10 amiPler 13
State of CaliPortland INov. 29. 10 amjPier 24
Cleveland . IPuKet Sound.. Nov. 29. 10 am'Pler 2
Mnana ISydney 'Nov. 30, 2 pmiPler 7
Corona San niejco (Dec. 1. 11 am:Pier 11
SHIPPING I\TKI.L,IGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 23.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson, 20 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr George Loomls, Bridgett, 66 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall, 5S hours from Newport.
Hark Amy Turner, Warland, IS days from
Honolulu.
Srhr Man' Etta, Anderson, 40 hours from
Bgwens Landing.
Bktn Catherine Sudden, Peasley, 10 days fm
Willapa Harbor.
Sehr Maxim, Olsen. 60 hours from Caspar.
Schr Ocean Bpray, Nyman, 20 hours from
Iverpens Landing.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, November 23.
Stmr Shantung:, Frampton, Hongkong and
Yokohama; P M S S Co.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Die.3o; Goodall,
Porklns & Co.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; O R & N Co.
Stmr Orizaba. Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Lakme, Klitsaard, Seattle; E T Kruse.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, 67*4 hours from
Victoria and Pupet Sound ports.
Br ship Mayfield, Bray, Liverpool; G W Mc-
Near.
Schr San Buenaventura, Langkilde, Maza
tlan; Wm Olsen.
SAILED.
Wednesday, November 23.
Stmr Corona. Debney: San Diego and way
Stmr Chilkat, Anderson; Eureka.
Ptmr Bonita. Nlcolson; San Pedro.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, for Tacoma.
Stmr Alcha, Jorgenson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Westport, Peterson.
Br stmr Shantung, Frampton, Hongkong and
Tokohuma.
Ship Servla. Gilmore, for New York.
Ship A G Ropes, Rivers, Liverpool.
Haw bark Ala Mauna. Smith: Port Townsend.
CHARTERS.
The Santiago loads mdse for Hllo.
The Catherine Sudden loads lumber at Grays
Harbor for Ouavmas; Mauna Ala, lime and
rndse on the Sound for Hllo; Prosper, lumber at
Tacoma for Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
Auk 22. 42 S 34 W— Br shin Scottish Hills,
from Hamburg for San Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Xov 23. 10 p. m— "Weather
cloudy; wind west. S miles per hour.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Nov 23— Brig Tanner, which sailed from this
port Nov 10 for Eureka, returned here to-day
dismantled.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ECREKA— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Sunol. hnc
Nov 21
' TA< 'OMA— Sailed Nov 23— Bark Gatherer for
I San Francisco.
POINT ARENA — Arrived Nov 23 — Stmr
Whiteboro, hf>nce Xov 22.
NEAH BAY-Pa.«sed Nov 23— Br stmr Ga
' rnnnc, from Victoria, for — ; Br bark Vlmeira,
hence Nov in, for Tacoma.
PORT TOWNSEND— In port Nov 23— Bktn
KHkitat, from Port Ludlow, for Melbourne.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Nov 23— Bktn Ska-
Kit, for Honolulu.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed Nov 23— Stmr Sequoia,
for Redondn.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Nov 23— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, for Eureka.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Nov 23— Schr J M Colman,
for San Pedrf. ; bktn Portland, for San Pedro.
TACOMA— Sailed Nov 23— Schr Meteor for
San Pedro.
CLALLAM— In bay Nov. 23— Br uhlp Vincent,
from Tacnma for Queenstown; Br bktn Spin
away, from Vanrouver for Freemantle.
I"UT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 23— Br ship
Osborne, fn>ni HlogO.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Fulton, hnc
Nov 20: stmr Georse W Elder, hence Nov 11.
Sailed Nov 23— Stmr State of California, for
San Franrlseo.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Nov 23— Schr Ottlllle
FJi>rd. from Eureka.
H' 'WEN'S LANDlNG— Arrived Nov 23— Schr
Corinthian, hr-nep Nov 21.
PORT BLAKKLEY— Arrived Nov 23— Bark
Kate Davenport, hence Oct 30; schr Fanny
Dutanl, hence Nov 10.
Sailed Nov 23— Schr Golden Shore, for Syd
ney.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 22 -Stmr Alliance,
from Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Nov 23— Stmr Maripo
sa. heno* Nov 4.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior Nov 22— Russ bark
Westbury. hence Sent 4.
FALMorTH— Sailed Nov 22— Br ship Claver
don, for Limerick.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived— Stmr Majestic, from
New York. Sailed— Stmr Britannic, for New
York: Waeslaml. for Philadelphia.
NEW Vi >KK— Sailed— Stmr Paris, for South
ampton: Germanic, for Liverpool; Western
land, for Antwerp. Arrived— Scotia, from Ham
burg.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived— Stmr Edam from
New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
jH^ steamers leave Broadway
I rnlUm -wharf, San Francisco:
' fi&^SSX For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
1 K^Sar^H^ Nov. 27, Pec. 3, transfer at
Erik HMWI Victoria, Vancouver (B.
I IfflßiL^fl JlMi For Victoria, Vancouver <B.
1 BoEiiagS?^ <".). Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^^^PlHljfl Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
a. m. . Nov. 27. Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter, transfer at Seattle
to this company' steamers for Alaska and G.
N. By-, at Tacoma to N. P. Ry-. at an-
couver to C. P. Ry. _,
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Nov.
25, SO. Dec. 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Nov. 25. 29. Dec. 3, and every
fourth day thereafter. . •.._ ■_.* ■__
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Nov. 27, Dec. 1. and every fourth day
th For a En?'enada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., Dec. la. Jan.
I 12 Feb. 9. Mar. 9, Apr. 6.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
a fIOKW' OFFICE— New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). /
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bertha
rHnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 24, Dec. 4. 14, 24
STATE OF CAL. sails... .Nov. 29. Dec. 9. 19, 29
j Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
! Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantique-
! . r ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -pftriir
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday «*T+J*TT>
at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North ■SWMtlfcUk
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE Dec. 3
LA QASCOONE Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
First-class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre $45,' 10 per cent reduction round trip
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
f»i?'««lali»f The vla - llon moana
• &Misl!fc sallp vla H"nolulu and
l~ jj(^ w Auckland for Sydney
B j* >n. Wednesday, November
cs±S L' 30 - at wP- m -
r^frifllSnlD^'' S - s - AUSTRALIA
Cy^"'^"^ satls for Honolulu
(Oinßfllifer' Wednesday. December
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents,
• 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
.. _ Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays : .1 p. m . and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 4.
Telephone Main 1508.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB |
. v VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. iu, lijt,, ira.wis will run as lollows:
South-bound. . North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen- |
ger. Sunday .-■ ' . Sunday j ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc"ptd Daily. |
8:20 am 10:30 am] Stockton 3:45 pm C :50 pm
1 10:10 am 2:ospm Merced 12:40 4:03 pra !
11:40 am 5:30 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:32 pm j
12:3Spm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm I
! 3:2opm 12:30am Bakersfleld 2:3oam 11:25am '
12:5Spm 8:50 pm Vlaalla 6:40 am l:ljpm ;
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— Stockton with steamboat* of j
California Navigation . and Improvement Com- j
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 6 p. m.
daily.
I For stage connections see official time tabU
or Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. :..;.-- . j
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1S98: .
-Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. COOK * SON, Agents, 621 Market
street, San Fxanclsco.
KAZLIU3AI> TEAVEL.
4oi iiiKKM fAiirir COSII*AIf*.
(PACiriC HVHTKM.)
TriilM l»»t* »u.l Mrs «Im* •• »rrl»* ml
MAN »'IU!«(IKr».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
!ATK — From Nov. 3, 1898. — AKltrvß
~»G:OOa Nilea, San Jose and Way Stations... •»:4»4
7:00a Kenicia, .Suiauii »n.i Sacramento 10:15*
7 too a Mary»vil!e, UroTilleand Ueddiue via
Woo<llinid 5i45f
7:OOa Klicira, Vacaville and Ruinsey 8:43f "
?>3»a Martinez, San Karaon.Vallejo. Naps,
t'allatoga and Santa Rosa S:l.lp
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress. Dgilun and K»»t.. »:l.lf
ftiUU. Shu .lose. Stockton. Valley .Spring,
lone, Sacramento, MHiynville,
Chico. Tehsma and Ke.l IHurT <ilsr
H:3Oi Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7:t.lp
•*:3©a Mi1t0n....: ■»«!•!
9:O«a Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Merced
• nd Fresno....: 12:13r
»ioOa Freniio, Hakprsliclil. Santa lUr)>arn.
Los Angeles, BemiDg, £1 Paso,
Now Orleans and East 6: £5?
Pießiio, Mendota, Tracy and Mar-
tinez ; «:1.-Jp
1*:OOa Vail, j,., Martinez and Way Station! 7:4,1r
•l:OOr Sncrani<juU> Ki»er ateniutiiH ■»>4M>r
l>OOr Niles. San Jose and Way Buttons... 1 1:45*
San Joeu, Niles and Way Bt* tions... :»:I.la
S*OOp Nilcs, Tracy, Mendota, Uanfurd and
Visalia 4tl5 f
....... LiTermore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations 1 1 0: 13*
«iOOF Martinez, San Itninon. Vallej<i.
Napa. ('nliatogii, ICI Verano and
Santa K<«.. 0.13*
4iO»r Benicia, VacaTllle, Woodland.
Knights I,aii<ling. Marjsville, Oro
vllle iiiiasai'i.-»i.iri.to IO:4t.
4i3op Haywards, Ntles and Kan Jose 7:43*
Oi«0p Marlines, Traojr, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa ltarbara and Los
Angeles Bi4sa
siOOp Santa I'd Route. Atlantic Kipress
for.MojaT« and Kut 6:4.1*
fJsioor "Paciflc Coast Limited," El Puo,
Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East |0:13p
Ot3Op San June, Tracy, I.atiirop.
Mcrood and Fresno
S:3op Stockton l»:l."»p
0iO«r Knropenn Mail, Ogflen and ICaat.... 9:1.-)*
•6:0«p Vallejo * 12il»r
J7iOOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Bta.
tlons 10:4»p
SiOOp Oregon Kx|irp*s,Bacrame!it», Marys-
«ille. It-Minx. TnitlaiKl, I'liget
Hoiiinl and Kant g:l»A
SAX LK*.NDKO AMI lIAVHAUMS liOClli.
(Koot of Market Street.)
1 BlelroNf, Scralnarr Park, f ,_
,2 : 2U A yitchb«r». Klmliurnl, , * : !?*
*ii-,SS: I.e««K«ro. r>tu,lill«, J^tS;
!I2:<mim ' Lorenro, < lierry • ||t4Wr
<I«o»p  1 " 1 J«:lsf
s.our llajnards. I3i4nr
7:OOp < Runs through to Niles. 7i45p
) t From Niles. I
' COAST IHVInION (Narrow Wange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
B«lsANewark,t'entt'rville, San Joee.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3is»t
*mil3p Newark Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations M«!l>O»
4ilsp Newark, San Jose and Los Gates... »:2Oa
t11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way SUtions 17:80?
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SI X rRiNCISOO— Foot of Hirktt Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00a.m. tX:OO •2:00 S3:CI
•4:00 tB:OO *6:00r.M.
rnmOilUMß— »f Br»»dw»T.— «6:00 8:00 10:00 a. m.
$12:00 *1:00 ta:OO *3:00 14:00 *5:00r.M.
COAST |>l VIMON (Broad (J«nge).
(Third and Townsend St».)
7:OOa Han Joae mid War Stations (New
Aluiaden Wednesdays only) Il3*l
•iwOa San Jose. Trea Tinos, Santa Cruz,
Pacillc (trove. Paso Ilnbles, Sau
]<nls Ol.ispo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4il«i .
■ •:40a San .loss and Way Stations *«:OOi
I1:3Oa San J»ee and Way Stations BiS34
•Ui43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllroy, Holltstor, Santa Crm,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacifle
Grore MO:8»|
•'f.nn v San Jose aud Way Stations •»:»«*
•4tl3p San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:4.1 «
•l»:OOp Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 J
St3Or San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:30i
#l:3Op San Jose and Way Stations 7:8O|
fll;4Bp San Jose antl Way Stations 7:30|
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
•friinilaysexce|>tr<l. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
% Mondays and Thursdays, i Saturdays and Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
UK FRANCISCO AND NORTH FAGlfii
RAILWAY COMPANY.
fittmmMi tan. Pml 1 Itertet 3%
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAE'-,.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. . 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturday* — trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:43
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40,
6:00. 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave ■ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16,
Week Sun- 189«. Sun- 1 Week
Days. days. Destination. da,*. Days.
7:Boam 8:00am Novato, 10:40am B:4oarn
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 10: am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
T:Wam Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg;.
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdala. 7:35 pm 1:13 pm
Hopland and
7:80 am 8:00am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:82 pm
7:80 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm (:23 pm
7:3oam 8:00am Sonoma 10:40am 8:40 am
and
6:lo pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm (:22pm
7:3oam 8:00am] Sebastcpol. 10:40am 10:25am
1:80 pm s:oopm| 7:35 pmj 6:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Lierley*s, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Booneville, Orr'«
Hot Springs, Mendocino City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Willitts. Laytonvilln. Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. H. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:1 5 A. M. th»
following- Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesdav-Arrivlnjf In New
York at 1:3O P. M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. . '^f.'y^ .
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servatlon Car and Electrio
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is In Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— S2B MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531. ,
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SaoaaUto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. •'J:3O, 11:00 a. m. M:45.
3:46. 5:15. *S:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
' -SUNDAYS— *S:OO.'. •10:00,- Ml:30 a. m. miS,
S:00, *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35. 7:45, »9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20. 2:20. »3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *S:00. •10:00, # U:55 a. m.;
•1:16. »3:10. 4:40. »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln. -
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.:
12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. :
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. 12:05, 1:20,
6:00. 6:20 p. m. ■
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week — Cazadero and way «ta.'ns.'
1:45 p. m." Saturdays — Duncan Mills and ; way
stations.
i 1:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way ita ft.REBUILDING
OF DAWSON
COMMENCED
Citizens' Fire Patrol
Established.
PRECAUTIONARY MEASURES
INCORPORATION OF THE TOWN
TO BE ACCOMPLISHED.
Plenty of Provisions at the Klondike
Metropolis, but Dealers Com
bine to Cinch Con
sumers.
BY SAM W. WALL.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DAWSON, Oct. 20 (via Seattle, Nov. j
23.— The work of rebuilding Dawson \
began with the extinction of the lire
tober 14. A citizens' fire patrol
was also established, not suggested j
merely by the spirit of incendiarism ,
made apparent, but by the threat that
' irked in the uncertain stovepipes of i
every house in town. The pa- I
trol was formed' by the commander of j
mounted police with pistols and :
carbines, and it has been on duty ever ;
A great number of defective I
have been reconstructed under its
rs, and rules for the safer running i
i t pipes and the setting of fireplaces j
have been printed, posted and ordered
complied with. The long-talked-of fire
department is now in course of organ- j
ization, and the equally long-talked-of
incorporation of the town has been
given an impetus that will no doubt j
land the consummation speedily, for in
ratlon seems essential to a prop
er organization of the fire department.
An ordinance, adopted at a public
meeting of citizens, has been laid be
fore Commissioner Ogilvie and awaits
his approval. It provides that to fill the
office of Mayor or of the board of j
twelve Aldermen the candidate must
be a British subject. These officers are j
chosen by the people, the franchise be
ing given at the first election to all
citizens of whatever nationality who
have resided in Dawson thirty days
Ling election and who have reach- i
> age of 21 years. At subsequent
us the same conditions remain,
but a property qualification of $200 or .
an income of $400 is added. A proposi- .
0 allow women to vote was voted j
The limits of the city are made j
race Klondike City, on the south I
t the Klondike River, and the
hill back of the flats, and these are to j
tute four wards. "With the near
ct of incorporation politicians j
already gone to whispering ami !
■: -holing up and down the streets
to sitting with the idle crouds ;
HLMiut the stoves of all the saloons, j
fur the offices are cropping
ry hand.
The weather continues open, to the |
: the oldest timer. There has j
coid weather, the mercury j
low zero, but it was for but
:. s. Ice has been running In
the river for ten days, but to-day it j
far cleared that the little steam- j
-.lay starts once more with a;
1 pass nsers and the mail pouches j
anett The Klondike and other ,
small streams are frozen, to be sure,
and this, together with a mild turn to
the weather, accounts for the clearing
of the big river of floating ice. This, i
however, must certainly be the chance j
to "get out" before the river closes and
only the lung trail over the ice and j
snow will offer itself for six months.
The price for this last trip of the j
steamer has been raised from $120 to i
$2 with meals on board at $- each \
In addition. Neither is any guarantee j
given that the passenger will be car
ried to Bennett, but only so far as the
steamer may be able or permitted by j
existing conditions to go.
Very extensive preparations are being :
made for working the placers this win
ter. Great quantities of wood are al
ready piled up along the creeks for :
burning the holes on the ground; cab
ins have been constructed until the dis- |
tance between Dawson and Lower Do
minion and Sulphur creeks, nearly
forty miles, is almost like a continu
ation of the streets of the city. An j
army of men are moving early and late, J
back and forth, over the trails leading i
to the several creeks and hay&
been doing so for weeks, al
though the real transportation of I
goods and provisions for the
winter's work does not begin until the
ice on the river is solid and the trail ;
may be laid there. It still, for the most
part, follows along the hillside as in
rammer, although the crossing of the
river is made on the ice. The general
prediction is for a very large output or
K r '!d next year. In town the number
of cabins has increased very rapidly j
during the past month, but still a great !
number of people are living in tents.
The situation as to food is peculiar.
There ar p a dozen largo dealers, all of j
thf-m .with well- stocked warehouses,!
whereas at this time last year there
wre but two dealers, and neither had
much in his wan-house. There ia
undoubtedly plenty of all the necessi
■r the miner's table and very i
ADM EBTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overO, ooo,ooo Boxos
\r WJLSi^%M
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as "Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat. Loss of Appetite. Costiveneas.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIE3T DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to bo
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'B PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Kick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
•fan/ Patent Medicine In the World*
25c at all Drue Stores.
many luxuries. And yet it is next* to
impossible to buy a pound of butter or
of sugar or a can of milk. The man
agers of the big stores confess broadly
that they have these things in abun
dance and for sale, but will part with
them only to persons who will buy a
full outfit. Butter, sugar and milk have
been "cornered" in this way, not by one
Individual or one company, but by them
all, the small dealers having been
bought out or left to sell out until only
the big dealers have any of these things
on hand, and they have all taken the
same course with regard to them. But
ter when on sale in the open market
costs $2 50 a pound, sugar 35 cents and
milk 75 cents' a can. Notwithstanding
the great scarcity and high price last
year, which might have been expected
to flood the market this year, glass ha 3
been a very scarce article until within
the past ten days, when a scowload
arrived. Brooms sell at $1 50 each, a
common door lock at $3. These are all
! articles that were scarce and hign
priced last year. Flour is plentiful at
$S per sack. Immediately prior to the
starvation scare of last fall, which fol
lowed at once upon the report that the
expected steamer could not get up the
river, the price of flour was but 56 a
sack. Fresh meat, beef especially, la
on sale in abundance at 75 cents to
$1 50 a pound. Firewood costs ?o0 per
cord.
The Government has granted conces
sions to individuals in the matter of
timber until t:.e miner and citizen of
Dawson alike are almost entirely at
their mercy. Frank Slavin, the prize
fighter, has the exclusive right, for in
stance to cut the timber for five mnes
up the Klondike River, beginning at its
mouth. Any ofier man cutting in these
preserves must pay tribute to Mr. bla
vin. He is granting all comers that
I risht at the rate of $5 a cord paid to
! him. This is only one of the thousand
irritating handicaps and hardships that
are laid upon the miner and prospector,
! the one individual upon which the
1 country depends for its development
1 and wealth. The fostofflce nuisance
! Commissioner Ogilvie promises to abate
las speedily as may be. The Postoffice
! building by the ay, was destroyed in
i the fire and only some very hard work
by a good mai y hands saved the mail
! and fixtures. New quarters are being
| rapidly fitted up with a seemingly in
' telligent arrangement of boxes for the
speedy distribution of the mail.
A petition has been forwarded to Ot
! tawa asking that the new Yukon ter
ritory be allowed a representative
there. Commissioner Ogilvie and his
counsel have provided for the recog
nition of American and other foreign
physicians. The applicants will be ex
amined by a regularly constituted
board of physicians, and, passing the
examination, wia be allowed to register
and subsequently practice.
William Meredith was drowned in the
1-londike near the mouth on Bonanza
a few days ago. He was from Nova
Scotia-
Tom Fletcher was accidentally shot
by his partner, Jack Harman, while
I hunting moose on Dominion. He will
| recover.
Henderson, who shot and killed his
' partner, Peterson, last fall, together
with four of the Indians condemned
for killing a prospector near Tagish
Lake this spring, will be hanged here
on November 1, the warrants having
j just arrived from Ottawa,
I Judge Dugas, recently appointed
Judge of the territory, succeeding Ma
i quire, has arrived.
STAGE COACH WRECKED,
THE DRIVER MISSING
Mysterious Disaster Overtakes a
Young Mexican on the Desert
Near Dale City.
SAN BERNARDINO, Nov. 23.— " W. E.
Vanslyke and Fred Cox, reputable mining
men, arrived from Dale City this morn
ing- with a story of the mysterious wreck
ing of the Dale City stage. It left Dale
City on time last Thursday morning at 7
o'clock with the mail and about $800 in
bullion. The Mexican driver, young
Miguel Corona, offered a free ride to
Palm Springs to any one who would ac
company him, as he was afraid to go
alone with so much bullion. There was
no one to go, so he started alone.
The stage was due to arrive at Palm
Springs at about noon on Friday. "When
it failed to put in an appearance Ora
••, the manager, became worried on
Friday morning and hitched up a team
and started for Dale City. At Warrens
Wells, twenty-seven miles away, he
found the four stage horses. No vestige
of the harness remained on them. He
pushed on toward Dale City, forty-three
miles further. Finally, at a place
called Dog Wash, he came upon the stage.
It appeared in perfect order, except that
the tongue was broken. He was startled,
however, to find half a pailful of bloody
water standing beside the stage, as
though some one had washed his bloody
hands in it. On the top of the stage and
on the seat and right wheel were clots of
Pierce thought he saw evidences of a
struggle; in fact, he found one of the
Mexican- a shoes near the stage, but the
driver was nowhere to be seen. It was
a case of robbery and murder to all ap
pearances, but Pierce was filled with won
derment to find the mall and treasure in
- It had lain under the driver's seat
almost forty-three hours unmolested. He
took the valuables into his own rig and
drove the remaining eight miles to Dale
On the way he met Postmaster
Goodwin Dale and J. J. Arbois coming
out to look for the stage. They had
heard of the wreck from a passing team
ster. The mail and bullion was taken on
to Whitewater and reached this city to
day. No trace of the driver has been
found. Five days have elapsed since the
accident, and the man is probably dead
upon the desert. The general belief is
that there was a runaway and he was
thrown out and seriously hurt. After
binding his wounds he must have lost his
mind and wandered out over the sandy
waste.
AN ATTEMPT UPON
CZAR NICHOLAS' LIFE
Heroic Effort of a Switchman Pre
vents a Disaster on a Ball
road Bridge.
BKRLIN, Nov. 23.— A dispatch from
Elbing, the sea port of West Prussia, says
that an attempt was made upon the life
of the Czar while his Majesty was re
turning from Copenhagen.
Just before the Czar's special train
d the bridge between Bohemenfer
and Lagern a switchman discovered that
the bridge had been barricaded. By an j
almost superhuman effort, as a result of
which he Is now in the hospital, the
switchman, it appeared, succeeded in re- J
moving the obstacles sufficiently to per
mit of the passage of the imperial train.
An investigation, which is being con
ducted in secret, Is still proceeding.
MUST PAY THE WAR TAX.
Express Companies Mandamused by
Missouri's Supreme Court.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 23.— 0n application of
the Business Men's League of this city,
the State Supreme Court has awarded an
alternative writ of mandate against the
American and Wells-Fargo express com
panies to compel them to pay the war
stamp tax.
JITBY DISAGBEES.
Fourteen- Year-Old Boy Accused of
Murder Goes Free.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 23.— Ricardo Ma
chado, the 14-year-old boy who was tried
for the murder of Eddie Schmidt, his
playmate, at San /Pedro, was discharged
from custody this morning. The jury dis
agreed and the District Attorney refused
to issue a new complaint against him.
BATES WILL "BE BESTOBED.
Canadian Pacific and Grand Trunk
Beach an Understanding.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— The Canadian
Pacific and Grand Trunk railro
ing reached an understanding on the pres
ent rate controversy, all rates will be re
stored on ' Monday, November 28.
Advanreo made on furniture and p!ano«, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 MUolon.
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAY, KOTEMBER 24, 1838.
UNCLE SAM
NOT FOUND
UNPREPARED
Ready When War Was
Declared.
GREAT FORESIGHT EXHIBITED
CROWNINSHIELD GIVES OUT IN
TERESTING INFORMATION.
The Chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion of the Navy Department
Tells of the Splendid Work
of American Gunners.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— Far out of
the lines of the ordinary annual report
of the bureau officers is that of Captain
Crownlnahield, chief of the Bureau of
Navigation, Navy Department, just
made public. Not only was he a mem
ber of the war or strategy board but he
was responsible for the execution of the
plans formed by that board and for the
movement of every ship and the as
signment of every crew. Consequently
no bureau officer had equal opportunity
to know the history of the war. The
report is absolutely free from personal
ities, being confined to the statement of
hard facts, with a few important rec
ommendations for the betterment of
the naval service.
The war history begins with the sim
ple statement of certain precautionary
orders that were issued, but even In
the absence of comment attention can
not fail to be attracted to the remark
able foresight exhibited. To begin
with, an order dated ' Jaunary 11 last
directed the commander of the Euro
pean station to retain in service men
whose enlistments were about to ex
pire and those following providing for
the successful operation of the Euro
pean squadron from the dangers
which surrounded it; shows how the
South Atlantic squadron was brought
; up to reinforce Sampson; how the Ore
j gon started on her famous race around
i South America; how stores and ammu
! nition were forwarded to the squad
rons, and finally they wind up with the
famous laconic order to Dewey of
April 24:
"War has commenced between the
United States and Spain. Proceed at
once to the Philippine Islands. Com
mence operations at one particularly
! against Spanish fleet. You must cap
j ture vessels or destroy. Use utmost
endeavors."
Four months before Cervera's fleet
reached this side our whole Nc.th At
lantic fleet was ready fcr any emer-
I gency within striking distance of one
of the two points from which attack
might come. Trained gunners to the
number of forty-five, who had just
graduated from the ->urse on the Am
phitrite, were placed on the vessels of
the fleet and rendered a good account
of themselves. As exhibiting the qual
ity of these men. Captain Crownin
shield cites the destruction of three
gunboats by the little Scorpion in Man
zanillo harbor July 18, of which the
commanding officer reports: "The or
ders were given to obtain the range
with two of the six-pounders, after
which the first shell from the five-inch
guns blew her up, apparently having
struck her boilers."
Captain Crowninshield says:
The completeness of our naval victory
during the war and the almost absolute
Immunity from injury which our ships
and crews enjoyed naturally led to a gen
eral conclusion that our gunnery had
much to do with the matter. A3 a mat
ter of fact all reports bear out this con
clusion. The percentage of hits— smaller,
it is said, than has been obtained at tar
pet practice— was modified by three con
ditions. In the first place the demolition
of the enemy's ships was so complete that
it is certain that the marks of shells
were obliterated by subsequent explo
sion; in the second place the ranges at
which the combats have taken place have
been so much greater than those used In
target practice that' this difference will
account for a reduction of from 30 to 60
per cent in the percentage of hits; and,
finally, the rate of fire was much higher
in the battles than at target practice.
The bureau had been endeavoring before
the war to increase the rate of target fire
and when all this is considered it will be
found that the hits per gun per minute
have been remarkably high. In fact it
appears that the experience of each com
bat was that our marksmanship fact it
jars that the experience of each com
was that our marksmanship was so
far superior that at a range at which the
Spanish guns and gunners were ineffect
ive our guns and runners were found so
effective that before the range was or
could be reduced the Spanish ships were
either seriously crippled or their .crews
demoralized.
Captain Crowninshield declares that
the experience of the war has been one
of the greatest importance to the that
erience of the war has been one
greatest importance to the na
tion. The one defect of the war was
found in the carrying of troops and the
handling of supplies of campaign.
The Navigation Bureau recommends
that Congress must increase the naval
force to 20,000 men for general service
and 2000 apprentices, and more arma
ment is necessary.
The report recommends the passage
"he report recommends the passage
of House Bill No. 10,431, which also car
ries with it an increase of ninety-nine
in the number of line and engineer of
ficers and 100 machinists, all very much
needed.
The report does not enlarge upon the
necessities of service engineer of
■rs and 100 machinists, all very much
'he report does not enlarge upon the
•esslties of the service in regard to
the personnel, Captain. Crowninshield
believing that the department and
Congress are both so well acauainted
with the requirements of this detail of
naval organization, that the statement
of the bureaus will be all that it needed
to secure the action of Congress. /
A tribute is paid to the general work
of the naval militia, in manning: the
coast defense ships and the vessels of
the auxiliary naval force and furnish-
In" material for crews for the auxiliary
vessels serving with the regular fleet.
But for crews aboard ship in actual
service, these fu'nlshed nothing more
than material and in the ordinary
course most of them would have been
enlisted as landsmen and nothine
higher. All had to be thoroughly
drilled, and even the officer?, with ex
ceptions,: were found to be unqualified
to act as instructors.- The bureau rec
ommends the passage of the Cummings
bill, which provides in substance for
appropriation? for the naval militia on
an entirely different, basis. This would
provide for the creation of a national
naval reserve 1 entirely under the control
of the department, recruiting seafar
ing classes, who would be compelled to
the department, recruiting seafar-
Happps, who would ha compello-d to
serve in war times under penalty of de
sertion. The men would be required
to report once a year and drill, for
which they would receive one month's
pay.
Another recommendation Is that the
system of rewards by promotion be
abolished arid that medals of honor be
substituted so that officers may be re
warded without detriment to • others.
Finally the sueerestion of the superin
tendent of the coast signal service, that
this should be made a permanent insti
tution, is appro ved; qHsil
HYDRAULIC MINING
CAUSING SHOALS
Anti-Debris Association
Protests.
URGES CONGRESS TO ACT
MARE ISLAND CHANNEL AN IN
STANCE.
It Is Declared Warships Cannot Get
to the Naval Station Be
cause the Law Is
Violated-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 23.— At a meet
ing of the executive committee of the
State Anti-Debris Association to-day
resolutions were adopted calling the at
tention of Congress to the recent report
of Chief Endicott of the bureau of
yards and docks of the navy with ref
erence to the Mare Island channel and
other portions of the bay, and ascrib
ing the conditions therein described to
hydraulic mining carried on in the
mountains contrary to law.
In the report referred to Chief Endi
cott stated that it was absolutely es
sential to deepen the channel of Mare
Island so as to create a depth of twen
ty-eight feet at mean low water from
the navy yard to the Straits of Car-
QUinez, and, further, that there was a
shoal in San Pablo Bay, on a portion of
which, between the Straits of Carqui
nez and Golden Gate, off Point Pinole,
Point Wilson and Lone Tree Point, the
depth of water was less than thirty
feet, and was at one point only twenty
one feet, enabling a battleship to pa3s
over it only at high tide. The report
also stated that in order to obtain
thirty feet of water at low tide through
this section a shoal would have to be
removed at a cost of $300,000 and it
i was important that this shoal be re
moved in order that Mare Island Navy
Yard may be accessible to all vessels
of the navy at all stages of the tide.
The State Anti-Debris Association re
solved to-day that the report was the
! mosf cogent evidence that could be pre
i sented of the injuries done by hydraulic
mining, not only to the rivers of Cali
fornia and adjacent lands, but also to
i the bays of San Pablo and San Fran-
I Cisco. The resolutions direct the atten
! tion 'of the California Senators and
i Congressmen to the fact that previous
surveys showed years ago that the tide
waters around San Francisco Bay were
affected, and were in danger of perma
nent destruction for commercial pur
poses by reason of the filling caused
by the deposit of debris from hydraulic
1 mines, but this report shows not only
i that this filling is taking place to the
detriment of commerce, but also to the
injury of Mare Island Navy Yard so as
to prevent it fulfilling its objects f-ir
i the repair and docking of the ships of
; our navy. .^______________
SERGEY FRIEDE BRINGS
ORDERS FROM CHINA
American Merchants Benefited by
the Construction of the Man
churian Railroad.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— Sergey Friede,
' who has explored various parts of Sibe
! ria, is about to start for Newchwang as
! the representative of large manufactur
' ing interests in connection with the new
| railroad now building between New
chwang, Chulanchen and Sungari. Mr.
Friede returned to America a short time
ago. armed with orders amounting to
' $1 000 0w for materials for the Manchurian
Railroad, which he has distributed among
American manufacturers, and he is now
: engaged in loading ships in Brooklyn and
in Philadelphia with rails, locomotives
and cars for the railroad.
Mr. Friede was tho first Caucasian to
! pass over the route, which he rightly
guessed would be selected for the new
: railroad. He 'believes that in the future
the United States will supply the mate
rial for the railroads of the Russian Em
pire, and declares his intention of spend
ing a part of each year interesting- Ameri
can manufacturers in the fact that San
Francisco, as soon as the Trans-Siberian
Railroad is completed, will be of the
greatest commercial importance. He be
lieves that Russia desires to build up a
great commerce between her Pacific pos
sessions and America.
WILLIAM DULY WELCOMED.
Received by Austrian Officials With
the Usual x'omp.
POLA, Austria, Nov. 23.— The Imperial
yacht Ilohenzollern, with the Emperor
and Empress of Germany on board, ar
rived here to-day. She was saluted by the
forts and Austrian warships. The latter
were decorated with flags.
After visiting the Austrian warships the
Emperor and Empress of Germany took
luncheon on board the Archduke's yacht
and then boarded a train bound for Mu
nich.
The Archduke and Archduchess Carl
Stephan, the naval commander-in-chief
and the port officials boarded the Hohen
zollern and officially welcomed the Em
peror and Empress to Austria.
FIERCE RIOTING IN
THE STREETS OF SEOUL
Conflict Among Political Parties in j
Which Many Persons Were
Killed.
YOKOHAMA, Nov. 23.— There has been '
street fighting among the political parties .
:at Seoul, the capital of Korea. On one
side twenty-three persons were killed and
i further bloodshed is feareu.
The Japanese Government has been
asked to send troops to preserve order at
i Seoul.
NEW YORK, Nov. 23.— A dispatch to
the Herald from Chemulpo says there has
been rioting at Seoul between the Inde
pendence Club and the opposition. Sev- :
| eral Koreans were Killed and many .
; wounded. The foreigners were not at- I
I tacked.
A Russian warship Is at Chemulpo and
the British legation has requested a na
val force.
VOYAGE OF BATTLESHIPS.
lowa and Oregon Have Besumed the
Cruise to Honolulu.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 23.— The battle
ships lowa and Oregon have resumed ;
their long cruise to Honolulu. Captain !
Baker, commanding the Oregon and the
j senior officer of the expedition, has noti
fied the Navy Department that his little
Bquadron sailed last Saturday from Rio
de Janeiro for Montevideo, where another '
stop will be made for coal. Aft r leaving j
i that port the ships will head or Punta |
i Arenas, In the Straits of Magellan, al- i
most at the extremity of Soutn America, !
which will mark the accomplishment of :
about one-half of their voyage, unless !
they are ordered at Honolulu to proceed
to Manila.
Pioneer Hill-Owner Dies.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 23.— Henry Lu
dolph, one of the oldest settlers of So
noma County, died to-day at his hor-e
In Green Valley. He was a pioneer mill
owner and did much to forward lumber
' interests. In 1849 he operated a big: lum
i her mill in this county. He built five mills
[ and did a great business. Mr. Ludolph
.[was a native of Germany, 79 years old.
NO TRUST AMONG
SHIPBUILDERS
Henry T. Scott Explains
His Washington Visit.
CONSTRUCTION OF MONITORS
ALTERATIONS THAT MADE
TROUBLE FOR CONTRACTORS.
However, an Agreement Has Been
Made Whereby the New Vessels
Will Have a Greater Coal
Capacity.
6peclal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlg-gs House,
Washington, Nov. 23.
Henry T. Scott of the Union Iron
Works, San Francisco, denies that any
ship building trust has been organized
or is in prospect.
"The sole object of my visit to Wash
ington," said he to The Call corre
spondent to-day, "was to confer with
the Navy Department people concern
ing the new monitors authorized by
Congress, one of which is to be con
structed by our company. The original
plans were for four monitors of 2700
tons each, coal capacity of 200 tons, 12
knots, and each vessel was to have a
single turret containing two 12-inch
rifles. Five millions was appropriated
by Congress for the four vessels
5i,250,000 each. Various ship builders
submitted bids, which were opened Oc
tober 1, but later the department
changed the specifications by providing
for 4000 tons and 400 tons coaling capa
city, and two turrets Instead of one,
the two turrets to contain four 10-inch
rifles. The vessels were to have extra
thick protective decks and two feet
deeper draught, but when the ship
builders discussed the matter with the
officers of the Bureau of Construction
it appeared obvious to all that this type
of vessel could not be built for $1,250,
000. We finally reached an agreement
and the construction of the vessels will
proceed without awaiting for additional
appropriations from Congress."
Although Mr. Scott could not with
propriety divulge the agreement ar
rived at, The Call correspondent ascer
tained at the Navy Department that
these four new monitors, the Wyoming,
Florida, Connecticut and Arkansas,
will be built for the most part accord
ing to the original designs, one turret
i and two guns each, though the ton
nage will be increased to 3500 tons, the
coal carrying capacity to be increased
from 200 to 500 tons and in addition
thirty feet in length of vessel.
The ship builders argued that single
turret vessels armed with two 12-inch
guns were superior to any war vessels
except the battleships, while presenting
I a smaller target to the enemy. The
added coal capacity would also enable
the monitors to make long cruises
without replenishing the supply. The
builders convinced the Naval Board
also that this type of vessel could nav
igate shallow waters inaccessible to
battleships.
Mr. Scott left for home to-night.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Engagement of Miss Ridgeway and
James F. English Announced.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 23.— The engage
ment is announced of Miss Marie Ridge
way, daughter of Mrs. I. J. Ridgeway of
this city, and James F. English of San
Francisco, nephew of Hon. W. D. and ex-
Congressman Warren English. Miss
Ridgeway is well known and popular in
social circles. Mr. English has been an
attache of the House of Representatives
continuously for the past sixteen years.
He enjoys a wide acquaintance with pub
lic men, with: whom he is a universal fa
vorite. For the past few years Mr. Eng
lish has been associated with the news
bureau of The Call in Washington.
The name of the postoffice at Clifton,
Fresno County, Cal., has been changed to
Del Rey and Ella Wilkinson has been ap
pointed Postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original — Charles F. War
ren. Simi, $10; George Stinson, San Fran
° Oregon: Original — Peter McManus,
Portland. Increase— Leander B. Brooks.
Portland, $8 to $14.
Washington: Original— Elmore Peter
son Orting, $«: Thomas McGowan, Sol
dier's' Home, Pierce. $S. Original widows,
etc.— Mary Helms, Elma, $8.
URUGUAY ON THE
VERGE OF REVOLT
Officials Arrested in Connection With
the Acts of Bwrder Raiding
Parties. • * ?T
Special Cable to The Caw and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS^S, by James Gor
don Bemiott.
MONTEVIDEO, Nov. 23.— A number of
officials have been arrested in connection,
with the acts of several raiding parties
along the border. It is believed among the
best Informed here that a revolutionary
outbreak Is imminent.
ACCIDENT CAUSES LOCKJAW.
! Slight Wound Will Bring About a
Salinas Citizen's Death.
SALINAS, Nov. 23.— John Alexander, a
Portuguese citizen of this place, was
! thrown headlong from a bicycle last Frl
day while on the way from his place of
■ business to his home. The only wound he
received was a slight cut over the eye.
' This afternoon he was seized with eon
i vulsions and was found to be suffering
from an aggravated attack of lockjaw.
His death Is declared to be a question of
'' only a few days. His sufferings are ln
i tense.
The "American Boy" Battleship.
Kvery patriotic American hopes the school
boys of the United States will succeed In their
efforts to raise $3,000,000, which will be used In
building a battle-ship to be called the "Ameri
can Boy." It costs ereat sums of money to
build ft warship, but you build up your health
with Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at small ex
ppnsp. This remedy is an appetizer, tonlo,
blood purifier and stimulant- It Is for stomach,
liver and bowel disorders.
X^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mm <T»iTH *»-*» HEABXT ST. Established
m 1n'1»34 for the treatment of Private
:JR IkM Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■HBn| disease wearing on body and mind and
:2S I WißftSSi tin D!t«>nB<>s.Tl]e doctor cures when
• 3MBM^ jB "the fall. Try him. Charges low.
Nk KBaga )u!T»giiaianlffd. Callorwrite.
»r. J. ¥. «IBBOI*. Box 1957. 5an Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
MAGNIFICENT UPRIGHT PIANOS,
ELEGANT PARLOR, CHAMBER AND DIK-
' ' ING ROOM FURNITURE, RICH
CARPETS. ETC. :
. CONTAINED IN 29 ROOMS.
COR. CALIFORNIA AND POWELL,
; TO-MORROW (FRIDAY). AT 11 A. M. -'-
. . Full particulars In Chronicle. _ '-
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 802 Market St.
MAY HAVE TWO
INAUGURAL BALLS
Queer Row on at the
Capital.
LANDAND DEVLIN LOCK HORNS
MAYOB CALLS A MEETING OF
HIS OWN.
Ignores the Action of the First Gath
ering of Citizens Regarding the
Governor-Elect's E-e
j • ception.
Bpeclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 23.— The pros
pect that there will be two inaugural
balls instead of the customary one has
thrilled society circles in this city. A
call in large ty.pe appeared in to-night's
Bee, signed by Mayor Land, for a meet-
Ing of citizens to take action regarding
: a ball in honor of Governor-elect Gage
without respect to the proceedings at
last night's meeting of citizens. At
that gathering Robert T. Devlin was
chosen chairman, and Mayor Land
protested that a prerogative had been
taken away from him.
In another portion of the same news
paper Devlin announced the appoint
ment of his executive committee, con
sisting of Joseph Steffens, Frank Mil
ler F. R. Dray, William Beckman, T.
w' Huntington, William Land, J. O.
Coleman. B. U. Steinman, D. A. Lind
ley V S. McClatchy, E. B. Willis,
George H. Clark, H. Weinstock. Ira A.
Robie W. J. Hall, Thomas Fox, R. D.
Stephens, Charles K. Lipman, W. M.
OjF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Heal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
■ In Corresponding in* l*7»r*» *'*•**** «mi Pl»>sa M»»tl "Th» OtlL"
,DT, DT WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE. I HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
ART WARE ANU AIVI^UUB r AII II A Hunters Equipments, Fishing
T'HC r> DnCQI CCS ■ l«lli«J Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
Tilt: P. KOOOI \*\J»f Jill) for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
flrtlstlc Furniture and firt Ware Importers. t .. WB ." W 733 Market street. .
117 SUTTER STREET. _ JR()N FOUNDERS
AUCTIONEERS. Western Poundry. Morton SHedley. Props.,
tl -.-, rl i iinB- m u MontKOinery St.. 234 Fremont St. Casting's of Every De-
Auctioneers. KILLI" & WU- San Fnmclsco. scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
* BELTING. MANUFACTURERS.
I D nFfiFM Manufacturer of Beltln Br*n<s GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
L. r. UCUtni, Lace Leather. 105 -107 Mis- Manufacture blanketB> cassimeres. Tweed, til
St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main st>A nannei,, 885 Market St., San Francisco. CtX
— — ' Goods for sale at all leading dry goods stores.
BOILER MAKERS. ■ ■ •
TTTTRPir A "ROTT.TCT? WORKS marine insurance.
JliUllJßiJA.il DViuEiR, VVWIVii.»J» SWISS MARINE insurance COMPANIES.
"W J. BRADY, Proprietor. > Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship " TZ &l C^ ailf A « nn s * tt * t .
Work. __^_^________^_________^___— ™
Office and Worlrs— ll3-115 MISSION ST* . Mattresses and iron beds. .
Telephone Main 5045. " ■ - . TITO PCDNHADI) Mattress Co.. 641 Mlsnttn
__ : ' lUC DDK l>ll Anil st. Telephone Main in*.
. BOOKS AND STATIONERY. ~ —
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY, WII . . .M. MF F PF P RDR D p EA A LEL E o R^p ßß M
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell. WILLHITICIIE 722 Montgomery Street.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. PIANOS
1 CARRIAGE MAKERS. The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
nmnitM £. CAWC— Makers and ' Dealers In F»I^VISO And MUSIC STORE,
0 BKIcN KoUR JLandaus, Hacks, Victorias. , -„ T^n, C /"IJAeCJ
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate are. and Polk KOHLER & CHASE,
«t- San Francisco. __ _ 28 and 30 o . Farre]l St.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS, A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
! The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic, Laxa- PRINTING.
tlve. At all dealers. . SIERRA PHARMA- _ /> H |i/>iir;r» PRINTER.
CEUTICAL CO.. 1517 Market st. ■ C- C- tILJ ft CO, Sll &aSsoni» ittwt
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
J. C WILSON & CO., Tel-rnjnicp ARTR , DGE o rni^t:
GOO BATTERY STREET. — — — ■
Te^hon, Main m THE ffICKS-JDDD CO-, SBSSftft *
n» r w-mrHisli? «''« ■» "•' typewriters.
dr. c. v. Rlf'd^RTK m .. M ««w.: A1 j Typewriters Rented.
DR. C- W- KICHAKUb, SE WOT k^t. ™^ A j, Ty p ewriters R ent ed.
FIRE INSURANCE. . gg^jj. Few partly used for sale cheap.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS. 110ESL: AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
411-413 California street, r-ir. -*»2>?§lasi L. &M. ALEXANDER.
Capital Represented over 514.000.000 =»3siitSS==« HO Montgomery , street.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. T WALLPAPER.
JAS ROYES &CO c^t^T-L^mS?^? WHOIEfALE & retail; send for aamplm, stab-
JA3' Pvm a Wi, Clay. T«L Main UK ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
HARDWARE. . ~~~~ WAREHOUSEMEN.
PALACE Hardware Co.. lmporters S Dealers THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
* In Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752. Forwarding Agents and Public "Weighers.
— — - — — ■ '■ '-r ; General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.
HARNESS AND j VEHICLES. .. . General office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
LEIBOL.D HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkla St.. O. B". ~ WATCHES ETC !
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer* of 4a' WATt-HbS, fciU , . -
kinds of Harness and dealers In Bu«les. T I IJVIW Headattarter* for fins Jewelry ana
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ* ** LUNIJIj full 18-k. Wcddlne King*, 43d at.
,_. . . "
IN YAZOO CITY, MISSISSIPPI^
" I had been troubled with dyspepsia for over fifteen
years and the last five years suffered intensely. I had
tried quite a number of remedies, and though at time3
they relieved my suffering they never cured me. About
. four months ago I noticed the advertisement of Ripans
Tabules and bought some, and by using them as directed
' they benefited me more than I expected. Soon I found
that all signs of the disease had disappeared and that I
was gaining in weight right : along, and to-day I can say
that ,1' am thoroughly cured. I have gained in weight
.. seventeen pounds, increasing from 128 to 145 pounds.'
A new rtria packet containing tax tabuus In a paper carton (wlthont glass) Is now for gale at seme Am —
stores— *ok c*smj. • This low-prloeU sort is Intended for the poor and the economical. One down 01 ta«
. ' tfr»«n3 aMto&n (tic tahules) eaa be had by mail by sending forty-eight cents to top Ripami Czzmcju, Ooaw.
MaT, -No. v>BfVu« Btr»et,»ow York— or • glc^le curtoa (xxk ijl»cxesj -will be tent for fir* eeat»
Sims, R. I. Bentley, C. J. Ellis, F. B.
Adams, F. L. Orcutt and William Lam-
pert.
But Mayor Land, although named as
a rommitteeman, declined to play sec
ond fiddle. He declared that it ha<l
always been the practice for the Mayor
of the city to take a hand in starting
such movements, and that for a long
time he had been contemplating a call
for a meeting, when Alvin J. Bruner,
chairman of the Republican County
Central Committee, got in ahead of
him and circulated letters for the meet
ing which was held last night at the
Golden Eagle Hotel. He satd he was
not informed of last night's meeting
until the last moment, and that his offi
cial position had been so far ignored
as to put him in the attitude of a rank
outsider.
Public opinion seemed to be in large
part with the Mayor, for when he called
his meeting to order in the Council
chamber to-night the place was packed
with Republicans and no end of en
thusiasm prevailed. There was an ex
pression of sentiment in certain qua^
ters that the committee named by S.
T. Devlin should be given the complete
overlook, but such old-time Republi
cans as Frank D. Ryan and Charles T.
Jones counseled conciliatory measures,
and their advice prevailed. Mayor
Land was authorized to appoint a com
mittee, the suggestion being made that
he include residents of San Francisco,
Oakland, Los Angeles and other places
and not confine his choice to residents
of Sacramento.
The meeting adjourned until Tuesday
night, when the names will be submit
ted to the assemblage for approval.
Meanwhile nobody appears to know
which faction is going to give Gov
ernor-elect Gage his inaugural ball, al
though the suggestion has been made
that two be held, one in the Assembly
chamber and the other in the Senate
chamber, between which the Governor
elect may distribute his attendance.
Improved Fire Apparatus.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 23.— 1n line -with
the desire of the City Council to improve
the Fire Department of this city theßnard
of Fire Commissioners to-day recom
mended that the Council authorize the
nurchase of two new chemical ecßines,
two new hook ami ladder trucks and two
new combination hose carts and chemical
engines.
Maior Cook Dies at Merced.
MERCED, Nov. 23.— Major G. B. Cook,
one of Merced's most prominent and
wealthy citizens, died at his home this
evening.
910
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WOULD LIKE TO
HOLD ANOTHER
BOND ELECTION
Park Committee Is
Again at Work.
ADAMS POINT FAVORED
MEETING CALLED FOR NEXT
WEDNESDAY.
Private Citizens Would Provide
Funds for Another Election
Should the Council
Order It.
Oakland Office Pnn Francisco Call,
90s Broadway , Not. 2::.
The Citizens' Park Committee is n<
isfled with the result of the bond election
recently held, and its members believe
that if the question were resubmitted at
an early date the necessary two-thirds
vote can be- obtained.
The committee has called a meeting for
next Wednesday at the Hoard of Trade
rooms for the purposi of considering the
matter. The committee consists ot 110
members, and they are almost a unit In
asserting that if another election be
called Adams Point would be purchased
and the other Improvements provided for
in the general scheme be carried out.
This scheme calls tor a bond i^ue of
. ot which $240,000 is for Adams
$50,000 for improving it and th'>
balance for improving West Oakland
Park and independence square.
Conferences are to be held in the part*
of town where tho necessary rwo-tmrda
was noi ol r the purpose "f
finding out if there is sufficient change of
sentiment to warrant attempting the
scheme again. It would I" 1 necessay for
the council to call another election, which
would be a very expensive proposition
This matter, however, is partly obviated
by the promises of interested citizen- to
help defray the expj nses of the election
if it be called. W. J. Dingee has already
notified the committee thut he will con
tribr. this purpose.
Principal McOhesney of the High
School, a constant advocate of parks,
• s that the workingmen who casl
their votes against bonds would require a
• argument to change their minds.
Although T'r.vorincr a park, he do
vocate putting the matter I c peo
ple again In a spirit of overconfidence.
A suggestion made that the
over i" the general election
•■\ spring, when the matter could be
Bubmitted and a more general expression
of sentiment could be obtained than at a
special election.
Mayor Thomas believes that West Oak
land might be induced to favor the bonds
if a little additional sop were thrown at
them, and he suggests that $50,000 ii 111 11 ss t o ; <. . l
of $20,000 !><• included for the park at that
end of t' ■ v\ ■..
X. Xt Friday evening a meeting of the
Council committee appointed to report on
the proposed sale of the City ilall site
will be held, and as th*-so two schemes
are closely related members of the park
committee will attend the council of the
City Hall site committee.
HE RAN FOR OFFICE
WITHOUT KNOWING IT
WHY J. W. PHILLIPS FAILED TO
SPEND A CENT.
His Candidacy for Assemblyman ]
Dawned on Him When He
Read the Returns.
Oakland Office San Francisco Tall,
908 Broadway, Nov. 23.
Ju«t now the bills of election expendit
ures of successful as well as unsu
ful candidates at the recent election are
piling up in the pigeonholes of County
Clerk Jordan's documentary desk, and
rare bits of humor are found in some of
the? -. Perhaps the one liled by J. W.
Phillip?, the Prohibition candidate for As
semblyman from the Forty-ninth District,
is at once the trui-st. most correct, brief
est, most s. rlous and yet most humorous
of the lot. It reads simply:
"My name w;is placed on the official bal
lot without my knowledge' or consent;
therefore there was no committee ap
pointed nor any money expended either by
myself or by any one else in my behalf
to* my knowledge."
In expressing his surprise over his can
didacy Mr. Phillips said, as he filed his
statement: "I had no intimation of it at all
until I read the returns of the election in
the papers and found that 1 had received j
votes for Assemblyman. To say I was !
surprised is a mild way to put it, and not ]
having any knowledge of the same I made
no effort and j»pent not one cent."
Following are some of the principal ;
statements of candidates who failed of
election, Sled to-day: Charles H. Spear,
lor Recorder, spent $574 10; Charles \V.
Heyer, for Supervisor. $47 25; A. T. Mc-
Donough, for Recorder, 1403 7.'); A. R.
Grupp, for County Surveyor, $19 32; O. A.
Lane, for Tax Collector. $147 50. J. J. Al
len, who was elected District Attorney,
Bpent $397.
PLANNED QUICK DIVORCE.
Mrs. Taylor Served Summons on Her
Husband and Then Married
J. H. .Eckley.
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— There is a bit of
romance connected with the Eekley-Tay
lor matrimonial affair that has so recent
ly been exploited in the local courts.
It appears that since the time of Eck
ley s legal release from his former wife,
Mrs. Frankie J. Taylor has secured a di
vorce from her husband as well, and she
was receiving Eckley at her home at the
Bame time. She was so exceedingly anx
ious to secure a decree that she served
the summons upon him personally, as he
was boarding a steamer for Honolulu. Her
husband had important business on the
islands and she knew that he would have
to lose his case on default or lose consid
erable time and money if he stayed and
fought it.
As has already been published Judge
Hall yesterday held Eckley in contempt
of court in not having paid his ex-wife
alimony and an order for his arrest lias
been J;-\sue<i Uit he is still in Reno, Nev
wit-b v^f newly acquired bride.
FORGOT HIS MARRIAGE.
Lowell J. Hardy Is Declared Incom- i
petent by the Court.
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— Judge Ellsworth
to-day appointed Attorney Lowell J.
Hardy Jr. as guardian of the person and
estate of his father, Lowell J. Hardy, the
capitalist, and his bond was fixed at
$33,000. s ' ::. r
According to the peittion of the son, the
elder Hardy, aged over 82 years, is in
competent mentally and physically by
reason of his age, sickness and weakness
of mind to properly manage or take care
of himself or his vast estate or enter into
any contracts. Of late the senior Hardy,
though, twice a widower, showed strong
symptoms of a desire to wed for the
third time a young bride, and in order to
bring; about- such a union he was about
to deed away a considerable portion of his
property, when, in the nick of time, the
son interfered, and now that he is, under
the guardianship of the son. all matri
monial anticipations have been nipped in
the bud.
At the hearing to-day Dr. J. S. Adams
testified that the aged Hardy had evi
dently forgotten entirely that he was ever
married to a second wife, who died last
April. Captain A. S. Grant also test tied
to Hardy's eccentricities and Pf
and Judge Ellsworth forthwith dwjared
the aged man incompetent and granted
t heron's petition.
BISHOP HAS RESIGNED.
Significant Change in the Realty
Syndicate.
OAKLAND. Nov. 23.— Ira Bishop gen
eral superintendent of the Realty Syndi
cate's system of street railroads, has re
stened This act on his part was a great
surprise to the city officials and the hun
dreds of employes of the syndicate, as
Superintendent Bishop has just Inaugu
rated v very extensive system of changes
of franchises and transfers, which will
Xa .?, l HM» t r?!rs.!n ?£' Mr! Bishop's sud
den resignation is not known and he de
clines to discuss the subject In a definite
way It is said, however, that all is not
harmonious in the board of directors and
that the public Is not altogether pleased
with the manner in which matters have
been conducted since the many smaller
systems were consolidated In the powerful
corporation. „ ... . ,
' Mr Bishop admitted that he had handed
in his resignation, but denied there was
any friction in the board. V- : V "
He was appointed to control the vast
system of street railroads In Oakland,
Alameda. Berkeley and Fruitvale when
the Syndicate absorbed the Piedmont line.
For some years Mr. Bishop had been at
the head of that line and owned a consid
erable interest in it. On assuming charge
of the Syndicate's many lines he found
many routes paralleled and power houses
scattered all over the city. He at once
commenced a policy of strict economy.
It is believed there is friction in the
board of directors.
FEARS HER SON
WEDDED FOR CASH
FLOftENT HOFFER LEFT PRESI
DIO TO GET MARRIED.
Was Court-Martialed, and Now the
Bride Seeks Her Mother-in-Law
for Support.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 23.
If the surmises of George Hart go for
anything, Florent Hoffor. a private at the
Presidio, who applied for a marriage li
cense at County Clerk Jordan's office a
few days ago. has taken a bride to secure
cash.
According to Hart, who called at the
County Clerk's office to-day, Hoffer well
knew that he was breaking the military
law but this did not interfere with his
conscience in view of the prize he had set
his heart upon— in the person ot Miss
Clara Duncliff.
"When Hoffer returned to camp after his
marriage he was court-martialed and was
thrown into prison, while his bride, who is
without subsistence, called on the mother
in-law in the hope of receiving a blessing
and being taken under quasi-parental
w i ii g.
Mrs. Hoffor. the aged mother-in-law, is
quite well-to-do, and enjoys a fair month
ly income from her property in S.in Fran
cisco. Some time ago. and prior to her
enlistment, she pave him Beveral
hundred dollars to invest in a mine up the
country. tht " son having brought home
some specimens that looked promising.
According t'> the young man's story the
mine •'diiin't pan out," and he was bun
koecL
Now, according to the statement of
Hart, who is Hofrer's cousin, the lattcr's
mother fears that her soldier boy has
married the Duncliff young l»dy to throw
her upon the mother's good graces for sup
port, in order to secure more money from
her. as he has done heretofore.
Hart wished to ascertain from the Coun
ty <"l»rk whether the issuance of the mar
riage license had been free from flaws,
and was assured that under present ex
isting conditions no way could be found
whereby the couple's scheme could be
thwarted.
They Agreed to Separate..
OAKLAND. Nov. 23.— Several years ago
Mary E. Slater and William W. Slater
mutually agreed to sever their matri
monial relationship, and lived apart. To
day Judge Ogden granted the wife a de
cree of divorce on the ground of willful
desertion. Erne was given the custody of
the minor children and all of the com
munity property located in East Oakland,
where the family resided, was decreed as
her separate holdings, with alimony at
Ji.OO per month. Defendant is an elec
trician in the employ of the Southrn Pa
cific Company.
Judge Greene to-day granted Jennie
Loutou a divorce from John Loutou on
the ground of extreme cruelty, and plain
tiff is permitted to resume her maiden
nam< — Jennie Arrouge.
Sophia Elizabeth Johnsen was also
given a decree of divorce from Laurence
Johnsen. with monthly alimony of $10,
and permission to resume her maiden
name of Sophia E. Eggert.
Surrendered Him9slf.
OAKLAND Nov. 2H.— John Gorman,
who <,n the 4th inst. escaped from the City
Prison, having still four months to serve
for wife beating, came over from San
Francisco to-night and surrendered hlm
s. If. He was with his aged mother, whom
he kissed an affectionate good-bv and then
addressing the captain at the prison
asked to be locked up, saying that he
wlsheS to serve his honorably.
Gorman was a "trusty" at the prison,
and on the morning of the 4th, while
sweeping out the prison hall, dropped his
broom and escaped.
Sheriff Rogers' Deputies.
OAKLAND, Nov. 23.— 1t is given out
to-day that Sheriff-elect Rogers has thus
far decided upon the appointment of the
following deputies: Louis Schoenau of
Alameda; John Striker, Berkeley: W. W.
Morrison, First Ward; M. Walsh, Hay
wards: William Holland and W. S. Har
low, the latter to continue as Under
Sheriff. Hugh Smith is also regarded as
a probable appointee.
St. Patrick's Church Fair.
OAKLAND. Nov. 23.— The attendance at
the St. Patrick's Church Fair is increas
ing nightly, and the Interesting pro
grammes arranged for each evening are
proving most entertaining. To-night
Father McNally delivered a patriotic ora
tion at the fair.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Wov. 23.— The German resident?
of Alameda County will have charge of the
programme at tho. Exposition on Thanksgiving
flay, which will Include eloquent Teutonic ad
flrCMOa and good music.
The suit of Dr. E. H. TVooleey ngalnst Dr.
.T. }'. H. Dunn for the recovery of about $1000
for office rent claimed due has been knocked
out on a demurrer In Judge Greene's court.
Herman and Thomas Ernst, Insolvents, for
merly In the grocery business In Alameda, have
petitioned for their final dlschnrge.
A force of men commenced work this after
noon on the removing- of the old fcow house
adjacent to the Twelfth-street dam. In ac
cordance with an order from the Board of
Public Works.
Chief of Police Fletcher to-day received a
letter from Caroline Larch of IGI Artesian ave
nue, Chicago, asking for information regarding
the Whereabout! of her daughter and son-in
law. Mr. and Mrs. August Mill»r, who left for
Oakland eight years ago.
■ m •
Assisted the Needy.
ALAIIEDA. Nov. 23.— Thirty-four needy
| families of Alameda were supplied to-day
with provisions for Thanksgiving dinner
by the Woman's Charitable Association.
The baskets distributed were fjlled with
fruit, raisins, nuts, apples, meats and
other substantial!) donated by the mer
chants of the city. The ladies engaged in
the charitable undertaking were: Airs
| S. A. O'Neal. Mrs. G. H. Mastick. Hirs.
McGurn, Mrs. R. McChesney, Mrs. P
Outcault. Mrs. T. P. "Winter and Miss
I !arpentier, Miss Marie Victors, Miss
Mecartney, Miss Epstein and the Misses
Clothilde and Emily Mason.
A hunter Injured.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 23.— Charles Peterson
of 2414 Buena Vista avenue was injured
yesterday while hunting ducks on ban
Leandro Bay. He attempted to take his
gun from his boat, pulling the muzzle
toward, him. It was discharged in some
manner, the shot taking effect in Peter
son's cheek, neck and right shouider.
Peterson's wounds are painful but not
serious.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 23.— Senator E. K.
Taylor and a party of friends left this
evening on the yacht Emerald for a three
days' cruise about the bay.
The children of the Unitarian Sunday
school will give a fair next Friday at the
church. The object Is to raise funds for
the Sunday-school library.
W. L. Turner of Jamestown, Tuolumne
County, and Miss Abbie Lewis were mar
ried last evening at the home of. the
bride's parents, 937 Park street.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1893.
INTEREST HAS
NOW CENTERED
IN THE LEAGUE
Municipal Politics to
Be Very Lively.
GILES H. GRAY FOR MAYOR
JOHN L. DAVIE MIGHT ALSO BE
A CANDIDATE.
The Municipal League May Decide to
Enter the Campaign— The Ques
tion Now Being Con
sidered.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 23.
Interest in city politics centers largely
in the Municipal League. Six years ago
the Municipal League won at the polls.
Four years ngo it partly won, and two
year? ago it cut no figure at all. Its ex
ecutive committee has almost decided to
take an active part in this campaign.
This means that Giles H. Gray will prob
ably receive the league's nomination for
Mayor, and his name has already been
put forward.
Should the league again enter politics
actively it is more than likely that the
tactics of four years ago will be repeated
and that John L. Davie will receive the
support of all the other parties. In 1894
the league and the regular parties had
an interesting fight. J. \V. Nelson, the
league candidate, was indorsed by every
body but the Topulists. The latter put
up Davie and Nelson"? indorsements were
all that hr got outside the league, for
the votes went to Davie.
Conditions are much the same as
they were when Davie was elected, and it
is reasonable to suppose that the same
tactics would be employed in the city
campaign. Ex-Mayor Davie has a strong
campaign argument, which increases each
year in strength. It is the recital of the
fact that he fought the Southern Pacific
to reduce ferry fares materially and thus
saved the people of Oakland tens of thou
sands annually. As Davie is understood
to be back again in the Republican ranks
he will be a formidable- candidate against
any one who may be nominated.
Already there are nigjis that the fami
ly relations at th<> City Hall may be dis
turbed next spring. Treasurer (lilpin haa
succeeded hiinnelf for many terms, but
now there is an opposition to him devel
oping in certain quarters. At the last
meeting of the Council Gilpln was cen-
Bured by several <>f the members for not
being able to pay the warrants of the
city's employes, .although there is a
large amount of money in the city treas
ury. These warrants have to be discount
ed* at banks and Councilmen Girard and
Earl stated that such a condition reflects
no credit on the city or the Tax Collector.
Mr. Gilpin has explained that there must
be certain apportionment of funds and
certain methods followed In allotting the
city's money that make it impossible for
him to expedite payment on filed war
rants. The incident, however, possesses
its chief significance from the fact that
it is an evidence of opposition to his re
election.
LILLIAN BRANDES
LAID TO REST
SIMPLE SERVICES HELD AT
BERKELEY.
In Separate Cells in the Oakland
Prison Her Parents Maintain
Moody, Sullen Silence.
BERKELEY, Nov. 23.— Lillian Brandos
was buried in Mountain View Cemetery
this afternoon.
Simple services were held at the small
Morgue in the university town where the
girl's body has been kept since the day
of the tragedy. A large number of peo
ple attracted by the sympathy every
where felt on her behalf gathered around
the white casket. The last words were i
spoken. The casket was the gift of the |
people of Berkeley, purchased by funds
obtained by public subscription. The con
gregation sang "Jesus, Lover of My
Soul," after which the Rev. J. M. Pierce
read selections from the scriptures. A
prayer was offered by Rev. John Coyle, !
and" the Rev. J. M. Pierce followed with
a. short address. No reference was made
to the distressing circumstances respon
sible for the young girl's untimely end.
The service closed with a hymn sung by
Mrs. Coyle and Mrs. Pierce.
Henry C. Barrows, foreman of the Coro
ner's jury, Thomas Harm. C. H. Town
••■11(1 and Richard Lloyd served as pall
bearers. The last rites were held at the
grave.
\\ . A. Brandes and his wife spent some
hours to-day talking to their attorneys,
J. E. Bennett and Judge Sawyer. Brandes i
is continually complaining that there Is
no foundation for the tales of cruelty that
are being circulated. He is very moody
and declines to discuss the details of his
alleged crime on the ground that his at
torneys had advised him not to talk.
Mrs. Brandfs was not told of the ver
dict of the jury until tht« morning, and
when she learned she was charged as be
ing accessory to the crime of murder she
expressed great surprise. She has not
been permitted to see her hsuband since
he was taken to jail. They frequently ask
to see each other and say they would like
to arrange some business matters. As
Brandes has not a dollar in the world the
plea on behalf of business interests does
not have any effect on the Sheriff.
To-day Brandes said he would like to
employ Attorney Deupny to defend him,
but as he has already sold his watch to
raise a little money, it is evident he is en
tirely out of funds. He is very much de
jected and solaces himself by telling
about the legal talent he will employ to
clear him of the charge of murder.
Union Services in Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 23.— The churches of
j Alameda will combine in their Thanks
1 giving services, and a union meeting will
be hc-ld to-morrow forenoon at the United
Presbyterian Church, corner Santa Clara
avenue and Union street. Rev. John
Hannon, pastor of the Chestnut-street M.
K. church. South, will preach tne sermon,
which will be preceded by a praise
service. Special attention ha's been given
the musical programme. It will be ren
dered by the church orchestra and choir,
I composed of the soloists from all the Ala
meda churches. The programme is in
charge of H. Wilhelmi. The orchestral
i numbers will bo: March, "Romaine"
S (Gounod); cornet solo, "Calvary," C.
i Porep. This will be followed by a vocal
anthem, "1 Will Extoll Thee."
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
David ana Flora Sachs and Rosa Lyon to
Margaret A. Kkelly. lot on SW corner of Pine
street and Van Ness avenue, W 84:9 by S
30; |10.
Fehr F. and Lucy T. West to Frank J
Stcele, lot on N line of I'ine street, 129:6 W of
Pierce, AY 42:4% by N 137:6; $ll>.
Emma Schmedes and Louisa Bogen to Jere
miah F. Fleming, lot on W line of Noe street
CO:6 S of Henry, >.' 2.":6 by W !*6; $10.
<;. L. nnd K. L. Fit 2to Argonaut Mutual
Building and Loan Association, lot on S line of
Twenty-fifth street, 85 E of Diamond, E 25 by
S 91; $5.
Jacob Panders to Donohoe-K>lly Banking
Company, lot on NX line of Seventh street,
193:51 SK of Howard, SE 56:3 by NE »0; $10.
OctaviUF K. Rates to Anita Mallllard, lot 38,
block 22. Lakevlew: $1.
Matilda, A. 1., Henry, M. H., Edith and
Justin Esberg to City Building; and Loan Arbo
clatlon, lot on E line of Stanyan street, 75 N
of Rlvoli avenue. N 25 by E 100; $10.
George Darsle to Anna F. Richardson, lot on
W line of Lee street. ISO N of Holloway. N
25 by W 112:6. lot 43. block 3. Lakevlew: $250.
Bay View Land Company to Clarence H. C.
Scott, lot on SW line of Thirty-second avenue,
273 XV of H street NW 25 by S\V 100, lot 12,
block 559, Bay Park Homestead Association;
grant.
Robert and Clara A. Liddle to Albert and
I^ouise M. Pfaendler, lot on S line of Fell
street, E5 E of Octavla, E 27:6 by S 120; $10.
Enterprise Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Henry Marks, lot on 8 line of O'Far
rell strt-ot, 175 E of T-*i#una, E 26 by S 120; $10.
Estate of Mary O'Brien (by Nettie M. Whlt
aker, executrix) to Ellen Quin, lot on S line of
Vine street, 122:5 east of Central avenue, B 10
by S 87:6; $5.
George A. Kern to Christine L. Kern, lot on
NE line of Twelfth street. 150 NW of Harrison,
NW" 2~, by NE 62:3, SE 25, SW 60; also lot on
W line of Nevada street. 382:6 SW of Folsom,
S 18, W 60, more or less, N 18. E 61, more or
less; also lot on E line of lais street. 104:2 T i
N of Thirteenth N 24:2%. E 70, S 22:6%, W 76;
gift.
Estate of C. Wohltmann (by Mary 6chlle
raann, administratrix) to Emma Wohltmann,
lot on E line of Isis Btreet, 80 N of Thirteenth.
N 24:2 7 &, E 75, S 22:6%, W 7.">; $2000.
Fanny S. Downing to Henry Stern, lot on
SE corner of Twenty-fourth and Castro streets,
S 114 by E SO; $10.
F. Arata and V Ravenna (executors estate
of F. Ci. Plccaroli) to G. B. Rizzo, lot on N
line of Union street, 137:6 W of Kearny. W 20
by N 57:6; $3150.
Adelaide and Nina Viganego to same, same;
Maggie P. Biddle to Katherine R. Van Reed,
undivided >i of lot on NW line of Howard
street, 70 SW of Fifth SW 30, NW 80. NE 25,
SE 50. NE 5. SE 30; $10.
Katherine R. Van Reed to Maggie P. Biddle,
undivided H of lot on W corner of Howard and
Fifth streets. NW 30 by SW 70; $10.
John H. O'Neal to Mary C. O'Neal, lot on
SW line of Clinton street. 200 SE of Bryant,
25 by SW 80; also lot on NW line of Welsh
street, 80 NE of Fourth. NE 30 by NW 80:
also lot on NW line of Welsh street, 130 NE
of Fourth. NE 20 by NW 62:6; $4000.
Henry F. and Anna L. Pickle to Ole Person,
lot on X line of Vermont street, 150 N of Hum
boldt. N 25 by E 100; $10.
"William W. Ellis to Helena Ellis (wife), lot
on N line of Yolo street, 75 E of Texas, E 25
by N 100; gift.-
Alameda County.
Francis S. Page to Emily M. Page, lot on NE
corner of Eleventh ■ and Madison streets. E 25
by N 100, block 165, Oakland; gift.
Watson T. Fisher to Hannah R. Fisher, lot
on N line of Webb avenue, 1*7:11% W of Ever
ett street, Wsoby N 125 being lot 16, block
B, Alnmeda station Homestead Tract. Ala
meda: gift.
J. C. and E. Geercke" to E. H. Gansberger,
lot 12. Nielson Tract, Map 2, In Soto Rancho,
Eden Township; $880.
Mary Nielson (executrix of the estate of Her
man Nielson) to Charles Rosa, lot 6. Nielson
Tract, Map 2, same, Eden Township; $1210.
Mary Nielson to J. C. Geercke, lot 12, same.
Eden Township: JS9O. ..>;■.-
S. and Alice Liquori to Elsa A. Oliver, 6.612
acres beginning at a poet 20.21 chains N ■ from
the common corner to sections 5 to 8. Township
4 S. Range 2 W. thence E 8.30 chains, NW 3.16
chains, NW 2.%, NW 2.63 chains, NW 5.94
chains, S 10.33 chains, to beginning, being por
tion of lot NW M of SW hk of secMon 5, Town
ship 4 S, Range 2 W, Eden Township; $66.
Sophia B. G. Adams to Nettie G. de Golla,
lot on N line of Albion street. 113:7% W of
Telegraph avenue, N 100 by W 50. being a por
tion of Alden Tract, Oakland; $2.
Ernest S. Angel to C. H. New, lot on NW line
of Twenty-second avenue. 110 SW of East
Twenty-first street. SW 30 by NW 125, being
the S\V 30 feet of lots 13 to 17, block 51, San
Antonio, East Oakland: $10.
Winifred Moran to John A. Sanhorn. lot on
E line of Ruby street. 207:5 N of Weston ave
nue, N 25 by E 145, being lot 32. block C,
Broadway and Telegraph-avenue Park Tract,
Oakland Annex; $10.
M. G. and Mary A. King to Joseph J. Mason,
blocks 5, 6 and 12, College Homestead Tract.
Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $100.
H. C Morris and E. and Madaletne Calmon,
lots 10 and 11. block 23, Warner Tract. Brook
lyn Township: $250.
Louis and Caroline C. Schaffer to Paul J. and
Eugenic C. Ayhens. lot on R line of Palmetto
street, 250 W of Boston avenue, W 50 by S
120:3, being lots 15 and 16, block B, Prospect
Hill Tract, Brooklyn Township; $300.
Kate Wetzel to A. S. Fontos, lot on NW cor
ner of B an.l Hellen streets, W 68 by N 10).
Oakland: $400.
Same (guardian of the estate of Minnie, Hat
tie and Edna Wetzel, minors) to same, undi
vided half Interest in same. Oakland: $400.
Kan Francisco Savings Union to Sophie M.
Olsen. lot 6, block 11, Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
rah E. B. and E. B. Frlck to Ernest S.
Angel lot on NW line of Twenty-second ave
nue 110 SW of East Twenty-first street. SW 30
by NW 12:., being the SW 30 feet of lots 13 to
17, block 51, San Antonio. East Oakland: $10.
Michael Curtln to William Drlscoll, lot 10,
Germain Tract, Oakland Annex: $10.
Home Security Building and Loan Association
to George B. M. Gray, 5 acres on s line of
Evoy avenue, 37:5 E of street. E 690:5,
SW 378 SW 8.65, NW to a point 100 S from
5 line of Evoy avenue, thence E 37:5, N 100 to
beginning, being a portion of plat 36. Rancho
V & D Peralta, Oakland Annex. Quitclaim
deed; $10.
Harvey S. and I,aura P. Haseltine to Julia
Ltnd. lot 80, University Villa Tract, Berke
ley; $500. ■.-;.,
Frederick C. and Llsetta. Kleebauer to Helen
E. Harjrs. lot on W line of Blalne avenue. 100
S of Tenth street. S DO by W 123, being lot 22 .
block O, Huntlngton Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
The Pelton Water Wheel Company (owners)
with Georsre. F. * H. N. Gray (contractors),
architect Walter J. Mathews— walls,
piers, platforms, excavations, pumping, under
pinning of adjoining building on N line <P lot
for building on NE line of Main street, 206:3
NW of Howard, NW 63:9 by NE 137:6: $1655.
J. L Flood anil .1. W. Mackay (owners) with
California Concrete Company (contractors),
architect Maxwell O. Bufrbee— Excavation and
concrete under stage of Grand Opera-house on
Mission street, 107 W of Third, W 110 by N
275; $1060.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE BACE TRACK, Wednesday, Nov. 23. 1898.— Ninth day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track heavy.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL. Starter.
)A{\ FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, »400.
v.m.
%m.
•4 m.
Str.
Fin.
Horse.
... Gauntlet 1
223 I,os Meilanos 1
222 Rainier 1
231 I^imewater 11
231 Almoner E
211 Don't Tell V
(237) Boardman 11
2
1
5
6
7
3
4
2 2
1 1
6 5
4 2
7': 7 ■■.-- "•■■
3 h
6 'A
2 5
1 n
r. 6
4 1
G 5
:f h
1 2
2 4
5 6
3 n
C 8
4 h
7
1 m i
2 10
3 h
4 ..
u
6 8
6 10 ]
7__ •
1 liorpe
Jones
H. Martin....
Everson
1
7-5
A
10
7
30
10
Gray
Powell
Ueauohamp ..
Time 117%. Winner, Rums & Waterhouse"s ch. c. by imp. Cavalier-Herschel.
start ex<-ont Almoner. Won easily. Second and third driving
Gauntlet is a colt of considerable class and won as he pleased. I.lmewater Is n
below form.
SECOND RACE— Sir furlongs;
• |40ft,
•
Horse. Age. Weight.
'im.
«im. Str.
232 Pongo. S M
232 Srkomneo, 3 106
232 Uurward. 4 101
232 Yorlck, 3 96
... Morabella. 3 IjM
5
I
2
4
1
3 3 3 20
1 h 2 2
2 3 1 h
4 % 0
5 • 4>
3 20
1 h
2 *4
6
4 Vi
1 2 IHolmes
2 I 1 -* Rutter
3 40 H. Martin....
4 h J. Woods
6 Bullman
1
3
3
M
6
1
6-2
7-2
30
15
Time. 1:17%. Winner. T. E. Latta's b. c. by El Rio Rey-Ogalena. Poor start. Won
firS pon?n fl to 'almost left and then won easily. All of them should be sold for what
their hides would bring.
OKI THIRD RACI
*400.
Howe. Age. Weight.
14m.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
,.» nmamela 5 .107 5 7 1*4 62 A V, 11 11 Rutter 8-5 2
mm Bonn^ lone 3' 100 1 2 Vi 3h 3 h 4 h IK Powell 5 8
110 Polish A . . 103 3 3 1*4 2 h 2 1 2h 3 3 Frawley ...... 8 10
111 Doremua 2 70 8 9 8h 7 3 6 2 4 8 J. Reiff 6 7
rw nEr .110 4 5h 5h 6% 74 64 Bullman 6 3
o« Jln^ Jingle 2 • 76 7 12 12 11 3 1 6 2 Hal Brown.... 6 8
*£ 1,'nfi Rucker* 3 96 6 6 1 4 2 .52 6 Mr 72 Woods 4 6
5« Uim 2 ' .".■.'. : 74 9 8V4 9 S 5 10 8 10 J. Daly 10 20
ICiHaTarci: "b! i i '.. \\ '. '. \ '. '■ ''-102 2 A h 7% 9 9 9 Houck ...."" 30__40
Time 1:46*4. Winner. F. M. Taylor's br. g. by Ben All-Prose. Poor start. Won clever-
' y ' Benaila an wa 8 th d8 the'best. Too much use was made of Jingle. Outaway ran a
disappointing race. Doremus was played by some smart ones. .
5
1
3
8
4
7
6
9
2
7 m
2 Ms
3 1*4
9
5 h
12
6 1
8 Vi
A h
6 2
3 h
2 h
8 h
5 h
1 2
4 2
9
7*4
4 H
3 h
2 1
7 3
6 Vi
1 1
. C 2
8 5
9
1 1
4 h
2 h
6 2
7 4
3 1
e yt
R 10
9
1 1
2 hi
3 3
4 8
5 4
6 2
7 2
8 10
a
uuuer
Tl 11
IPowell
Frawley
J. Relff
Bullman
Hal Brown
Woods
!J. Daly
Houck
i
O FOI'RTH RACE— One and a half miles; three-year-olds and upward; the Golden
2,» West stakes; value, JIOOO^
r. Horse. Age. Weight. 'St. Ptd.
Vim. Vtm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
215 Buckwa, a Jljj J
(214) Marplot, t ••!<» l
1 3
2
1 5
2
15 1 10
2 2
1 12
2
1 15 JBullman
2 IWoods
1
4-5
1
4-5
T'Ytip " 40 Winner K. W. Purser's b. g. by Ruckra-We Wa. Good start. Won easily.
Bilckwa galloped in. Marplot's ailing leg went back on him.
_ _ irjpTII RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; three-year-olds and upward; over four
OO« hunllt-s; purse. $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
%m. Hm.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
245 -Viking. 4 .••136
217 Granger, 5 ]««
217 P F. 4 ; r .J*6
240 Reddlngton, 5 l«
217 .1 O C. S..... »i
229 Ockturuck. 3 ;;:.y.ll*
221 Masoprn. 5 ■ 138|
1 3 h
5 4 2
3 11
6 5 M
4 6 V4
7 7
2 -2 Vi _
3 >4
2 1
1 5
4 Vi
6 1
5 10
3 1
4 2
1 4
2 1
6 10
7
5 10
2 tt".
4 10
14
3 3
6 15
7
5 10
1 2
4 15
2 4
3 3
G 10
5 10
1 2
2 3
3 4
4 10
' 5 10
6 %
Ambrose
I^enhart \
KUlFon
Cairns
[McKenna ....
S
6
6-5
6
10
10
2
12
15
4-5
12
. 25
- 20
IShepard
Time, 2:01. Winner, A. M. Linneirs ch. g. by Herald-Elleena, Good start. Won
eaKilv Second and third driving.
Redding-on is not the horse he was. T\ Ith a competent rider up P F could have won
Viking got the best ride. Granger likes a route.
SIXTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and
'• purse. $400. '
upward;
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
223 Formella, 3 '
235 Fleming. 3
236 Aluminum, 3 '
224 Jack o' I-antem, 4.
245 Flora Hawk. 3
1
2
3
4
•
1 2
3 2
2 h
4
1 2
2 h
3 8
4
1 14
2 2
■3 10
4
1 1
2 5
3 10
4
Jones
vods
llman
5-2
6
3
2
2
S
9
t
5
M
rgott
well..
•Left.
Time. 1:11V4.
Won handily. !
Formplla' har
Others are a bai
t. ■■".. ' •' :::■.-'. • -■ -■ ■ ■■■ ■■■'■■-, ■ . —
Winner. William Boots & Son's b. f. by Imp. Brutus-Forma. Bad star*
jcond and third driving. »■.««.
the speed of the party. Aluminum was raced to a standstill the first part
BUCKWA HAD
MARPLOT AT
HIS MERCY
Golden West Stake a
Cake-Walk.
GAUNTLET IS A REALGOODONE
REDDINGTON WAd UNPLACED
IN THE HTJRDI E EVENT.
A Long Price Was Laid Against Ben
amela — Pongo Downed a "Bad
Lot — Four of the Favor
ites Won Purses.
The Golden "West stake, over a mile and
a half, valued at $1000, the classic feature
of Ingleslde's racing card yesterday,
might just as well have been decided In
Sleepy Hollow or some other sea port
town for all the interest It evoked. The
entries were ground down to two, Buck
wa and Marplot. There was little to
choose between them in the betting, the
general quotations being 9 to 10 and take
your pick. The suspicious underpinning
of Marplot apparently troubled him, and
Ed Purser's aged gelding won all the way
In hollow fashion.
The card throughout had a gaunt, care
worn look and things in the betting ring
wore as calm and peaceful as at a camp
meeting. Perhaps the thought of those
who may have perished in the great fire
caused this depressed feeling. When a
favorite won — and four of them did earn
brackets— it aroused no sign of enthusi-
asm.
Burns tk "Waterhouse started Gauntlet
for the first time in the opening sprint,
fnr two-year-olds, and backed down to 4
to 5 favoritism the son of imp. Cavalier
never left the result In doubt. Shaking off
Lob Medanos in the stretch, he won with
pounds to spare. In a hard drive "Skeets"
Martin, on Rainer, took the show from
Limewater.
When Pongo closed in the betting an
even money chance over a bunch of
maidens it Is needless to remark they
were a cheap lot. The chestnut horse
was nearly left at the post In the second
event and then passed the judges at
leisure two lengths In front of Sokombeo.
Durward was third.
The mile selling run was the one event
of the day that caused any reaA specula
tion. Nearly every starter was*aocorded
support. Away poorly, the two-year-old
JfiiKlo Jinglo ran around her field, lead
ing to the stretch, where she gave it up.
Rutter, on Benamela, then took the lead
and at the end won handily from Bonnie
lone. • __,
ESd Corrigan's jumper Rpndington was
sent to the post a 4 to 5 chance, but had
mine of his old time speed and was un
placed. Viking, the second choice, with
Mattier up, held his field safe, leading
Granger out by two lengths. The wretch
edly ridden P F was third
In the final five and a half furlong spin
Formella had her speed and won all the
way. Fleming, a 9 to 1 shot, took the
place from Aluminum.
Track Notes.
The finish for the show between Rainier
and Llmewater was very eloso, and many
thought the latter should have had the
verdict.
Rabieca of the Duke & Wlshard string
was suffering from an Incurable disease
of the hoof, and on Tuesday was de
stroyed.
On account of the death of his sheet
writer, Nate Pryor, who perished In the
Baldwin Hotel fire. "Virginia" Carroll did
nol book yesterday.
\V. B. Sink Jr. reports a loss of nearly
$3000 in Government greenbacks.
The fire helped Barney Schreiber in one
respect. In his room were $30,000 worth of
markers, and it saved him the trouble of
burning them.
Twenty-two youngsters bred at Antrim
stock farm, Bakersfield, Cal., the prop
erfy of Charles Kerr, were sold at the
Occidental HorSe Exchange last night.
They brought |3505, an average of nearly
$173 per head. The prices obtained and
buyers were:
B. c. by Sam Lucas-Audacity, $125, W. D.
Randall; eh. f. by Rio Bravo-Cinderella, $22r>.
Fred Edwards; eh. c. by Rio Bravo-Rosa Bella.
185. H. L. Haskell; b. o. by Calvados-Nellie K.
$125, F. Narvaez; b. o. by Calvados- Rosella,
$135. Dan Honlg; eh. f. by Apache- Jennie X,
$500. D. Smith: blk. c. by Calvados-Tyrona. $SO.
W. L. Stanfleld; blk. c. by Rio- Bravo- Virginia
Dare, $275, F. Narvaez ; eh. f. by Rio Bravo-
Apolline. $235. R. R. Welsh: br. f. by Apache-
Play Toy. $275, W. L. Stanfleld: b. f. by KSo
Bravo- RHllto. $110, Dr. ORourke; b. f. by
Apache-My Ba<l_e, $210, H. Gould: eh. c. by
Rio Bravo-Why Not. $210. "Doc" Robblns; eh.
f. by Rio Bravo-Sunny Smile. $100. Dan Mc-
Carthy; b. c. by Apaohe-Juarflta. $100. W. L.
Stanfield: b. f. by Calvados-Forest Maid. $SO,
Dan McCarthy; b. f. by Calvadoe-Katrlnka.
$125, F. Narvaez; eh. c. by Nomad-Blondlnette.
$200. Dan Honig; eh. c. by Gano- Victoria. $150.
Boyle & Conway; b. f. by Rio Bravo-Belle
Platte, $135. Dan McCarthy; b. c. by Apache-
Carrie Dare. $223, George Miller: b. c. by Cal
vados-Dorothy IV, $100. W. L. Stanfield.
Little T G. the property of the Shaner stable,
was knocked down to a bidder for $75.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Six furlongs; two-year-olds.
237 Alhaja 96 i 23S Espionage 105
(231) Obsidian 110 (243)R10 Chico. 107
... Earl Islington.. iO6i 247 Felicite 95
249 L!mewat»r 10G (225)Ventoro 107
237 Peach Blossom.. 951
Second Race — Seven furlongs; selling.
220 Peter II 107 t 210 Coda 101
236 Mocorito 104 1 244 Losette B'J
244 Daisy F 991 253 Ockturuck 99
240 Rejected 104 244 Magnus 99
251 Hazard 1041
Third Race — One mile; gentlemen riders.
246 Mistral 170 230 Stan Powers. ...l' 2
. Mr. Hobart. Mr. Skinner.
245 Una Colorado... 160 229 Our Climate 160
Mr. Forsland. Mr. Hume.
155 William OB 1351 249 Boardman 13S
Mr. Dunphy. I Mr. Sink.
Fourth Race— One mile: handicap.
... Storm King 110; 221 Yankee Doodle.. 97
239 Our Johnny 105, 223 Rosormonde ....90
222 Roslnante 100
Fifth Race— Seven furlongs: selling.
248 Greyhurst 1901 248 Lady Britannic. lo7
251 Polish 110 226 Hohenlohe 105
214 Major Cook 100, 221 Zamar 100
248 Dolore 100!
Sixth Race— Six furlongs: selling.
242 Pat Morrissey ..110,(221)Kaiser Ludw!g..llo
242 Ed Gartland 102 i (20f.)Whltcomb ......104
236 Juanlta 10ij ... Prince Tyrant. ..lo2
(24O)Cyrll 105 ... Schnltz 105
221 Yankee Doodle. .llo 198 Zarro 104
242 Heigh Ho 96 (236)Amasa 103
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAT.
First Race— Ventoro, Obsidian, Espionage.
Second Race— Daisy F, Mocorito, Magnus.
Third Race— Mistral. Stan Powers. William
08.
Fourth Race— Yankee Doodle, Roslnante
Storm King.
Firth Race— Polish, Lady Britannic, Dolore.
Sixth Race— Ed Gartland, Pat Morrissey,
Cyril.
Verdict Against the Railroad.
John W. Hall, a piece of whose leg was
cut off In a railway accident at Redding
two years ago. was made happy yesterday
by the verdict of a jury in the United
States Circuit Court awarding- him dam
ages in the sum of $,S; ( <K). The Southern
Pacific Company was the defendant.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C H Leggett, Merced iDr J P Thompson, Cal
Mrs W M Goodman, J Main. Portland
William* S B Davis. Or
G W Gibson. Williams C Harris. Merred
J W Dal ton. N V W C Smith. Sacto
J Keating, Oregon Cy Mrs X Poffenburg & d,
W Hatch. <"liro Woodland
J McGilvey. Palo Alto E H Gerber, S Mnteo
G Pelrano, S Jnse |M J Farrell. Grass Val
J McDonald. Menlo PVB H Dunning, Berkely
W C Con my. Auburn ,F W Thompson, Salins
J J Ca-=ale, Red Bluff IH X Kschenber. Qilro)
.1 R Harvey, Petaluma N C Brlggs, Hollister
! N EUtery, Kureka jMr Black & w. HolUtr
C S Carson. Kureka C X Smith. Portland
O A < 'arson. Kureka IT J Stephenson, Cal
Z V Jacujon. Eureka E C Ely. Conn
A « Campbell. Cal J T Hall. N I
0 W Wlillams. C a l J W Hennl, N'apa
H C Render, Stockton B H Phillips & vv, X T
V Jones, Oakland J S Hopkins. La
X Smith. Oakland H J Burnel, Lockeford
F W Fox. Oregon S H Cohen. Stockton
T R Crump. Mexico H J Louis. Stockton
A S Williams. D B N |J C Hall. Rolands
13 H Hollldye & w. Cal Mrs W E Keith. S Jse
F A Lefferty&w, Sacto'S Levy. Visalla
J Cratg, Highland Spr IE N Clark, Salinas
J H Golinsky, Keswlck F A Treat, Salinas
J W Blain. Portland F F Dfneturilla. Seatt
R G Ashley, Portland 'Dr M W Allen. PWano
J)r J W Farrlngton.Arß M Collins. Stanford
L A Brooksln, 8 Jose R Brad'ey, Stanford
J P Hussey, Ind R R Cowtes, Stanford
J N Smith. Ind I' A Zoebling, L Ang
F H Dwyer. Forest H H B Steel, Stanford
E S Wood. Quartz H L Longnecker. Stnfd
£ Cooper, Eureka C II Osborne. Stanford
Miss F Cooper. Eureka E J ('rag, Stanfo.-d
! F S White, "al H Edwards. Stanford
J Strackan & w, Saetc E o Hull, Stanford
V <> HlnsiiiKame, ral E F Farnum, Stanford
J H Blaslngame. Cai O C Pratt, Stanford
F 8 Clark. Oakland R 8 Harrold. Stanford
i \t O Mayer, Ohio B T Glllett. Stanford
I) Llprnnn. Portland H H Yerrlngton, Stnfd
G B Adalr, Seattle H L Roberts, Stanford
J B Vinlng. Cal IT Ross. Sacto
Dr J H Barr, MarysvllMiss M G Ross, Sacto
Mr * Mrs A D Cutts. M Isaacs. lone
Mnrysvllle R L Tlbbetts, Petlma
W H Reed, Ohio
PALACE HOTEL.
A S Bacon, P Jose R V Davis, Stanford
E W Runyon & w, Cal O Hlrsch, N V
L H Howe, NT I A E Mueller. WIS
W C Babcock, Wash |II Frank, N V
J B Small, Wash C H Souther. Boston
P Kerwin. Virginia E T Wallace. Yrcka
c U" Cowles, Chicaßo 'W P Kearney, Inn
R Van Colt & w. N V O Rnmlcke. Melbournp
Miss Van Colt, N V Mrs J M Stevens, Rome
Mrs W H Richardson. Miss L Stevens. Rome
X V Mips E Stevens. Rome
M J Farrell. Cal S B Stevens, Rome
F C Aldrich &w. Cal W A Ward, Victoria
C H Mitchell. Cal L G Whitney, N V
Mrs O B Grant, Cal A Mordecai, Stanford
C J Knopp & w, N V H Eaton. Stanford
G B Horton & w. N V H B Panhallow. Cal
W B Swain, Marysvllle G R Carson. Stanford
J J Carroll & w. La A H Christie. Wis
A McCarney, N V A W McDonald, Pa
R Scott, Chicago A I, Hadley, Ft Wayne
W M Rives, BO S H Chase. Salt Lake
C Gollan & w, Aber- E E Buckleton, Eng
ripon O Carroll. La
B P Tabor, Auburn M J Farrell. Cal
W A Ballard, Pa W M Joseph, Cal
E N Giles, St Louis Mrs W M Joseph, Cal
R M Eberle, St Louis A F Jack. Cal
P B McCabe. Aria R H Flint, 8 Juan
L R Prince, Boston F St J Fox, Stanford
R J Prince, Boston F F Ropers, Stanford
F E Castle. N V W Wrlprht, Or
W E Hughes. NY F M Kraus. St Louis
F E Barto. Kobe L Emery. Stanford
J H Carruthers «fe w, O L Seward. Stanford
Cal - T H .-Cahn. Stanford
T L Winder. L Ang H L Fleming. Stanford
F M Coburn. Boston E D Williams, Stanfd
E H Cox. Madera J E t'lhlein, Stanford
J II Wadsworth & w, C C Drummond. Cal
Yreka H J Cox, Palo Ako
\ Knob, Cincinnati J R Edwards. Cal
II Gardiner, NY H W Bush, Palo Alto
A J Powell &W, Cat 'A C Blair, L Ang
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W White & f, N D IF M White. B C
Mies Sunderland. la R S Griffiths, FIJI
Miss Stephens, Sacto A M Byrnes, Stockton
W Hnlman, S Jose D A Fmser, B C
J O'Hara. Denver Mrs Brown, Nob
A C Meade, Chicago R O Lauehlln & w,
B F Gallagher. L Ang Redwood (it\-
P J Murtha. Stockton Miss C A Shewan. B C
R V. Cadoean. Cal F Ix>renzo. Tacoma
M Kfllv, Hanford A F Bnlley, Portland
C A Witt & w. Cal J Short. Fresno
FAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— SSI Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6ir> Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until B o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
UNION Thanksgiving services of the Park
Congregational . and Howard Presbyterian
churches will be held at 11 o'clock this morn-
ing at the Howard Presbyterian Church, faer-
mon by Rev. Dr. Wheat. _^^_— «— •
MEETING NOTICES.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. , F. • •
and A. M.. meets THIS (THURSDAY ) yJKg
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock, for Th.ru J^\
Degree. By order of. the Ma^r SecretBry .
AN adjourned meeting of the S. F. v Kf Ju
Scottish Thistle Club takes place •** \ffffg
SATURDAY EVENING. Nov. 26, lj^|f
Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell st., nd
at 8" o'clock. Nominations of officers nna
"smoker." W. A. DAWSON. Rojnl Chler.
OKORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty, «=en. P «,,f h^ e^ ay f
the Oceanic Steam-hip '^rnpar.^wHl, Market
able at the office of the c ?^cember 1. 1898.
•T t ran Bnf8 n f. a r nd bo a oL t , el w7l?y.of 3 on Friday. Novern-
:,er 25. 1898. at B 3 odo*^gj, Secretary.
- ■. ■ ■;.... y - ■ B. .«■ on-
SPECIAL NOTICES.
_UX> tnub «J-ettd *_r|«4 _? ol _ftH__HrnoN
city or country. PACIFIC cc n °LLECIIUN
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; wh '« ne % 3 H d u gg p t :
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
SITUATIONS d— female.
A THOROUGHLY competent, honest young
I woman would like to assist family in any
kind of housework or cleaning by the day
or week- is good cook; will work very rea-
sonable. ' Box 1664, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes to do bookkeeping, stenog-
raphy and typewriting and be a saleslady;
can also sew; will keep books in evening
either home or flee. Box - 1897. Call office.
WANTED— By young woman assist with light
housework care of child; good home more
than Targe wages. Address 2429 Sutler St..
cor. Broderlck. ■ .
GERMAN woman would like a place In a
lunch house or in restaurant to work lunch
hours. Call or address 672 Harrison, nr. 3d.
PRACTICAL stenographer wants position; will
substitute; mimeographing. Address Sten-
ographer, " SOS Leavenworth st.
WANTED-By middle-aged person Position
as nurse to Invalid or children. H. JONES.
1831 Valencia st. - „
SITUATION wanted by young woman for gen-
eral housework; wages $15 to $20; for city.
1239 Market St., near Ninth. .
SWEDISH woman wants to do washing or
housecleaning by the day. 162 Tehama st.,
second floor.
DRESSMAKER wishes few more engagements.
220 Ninth st. •
YOUNG German girl wishes position to do up-
stair work. Call or address 519 Twenty-ninth.
NEAT reliable girl wishes situation as house-
maid or chambermaid in private family or
institution. 1672 Pacific ave.
GERMAN girl wishes a place as cook or do
general housework. Address box 14. Call.
POSITION as chambermaid; highly recom-
mended; open one week. Box 1662. Call ofnce.
YOUNG girl, lately from the East, wishes situ-
j atlon; willing and obliging. 1924 Ellis st.
! SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
j rfis nurse; would assist with sewing or up-
stairs work; good references. 445 O'Farrell.
ALL-ROUND cook and help; can take chef a
place or full charge of kitchen; first-class
hotel references. 24 Hunt St. ______
COMPETENT Danish girl wishes situation to
do general housework in small American
family. Please call 316 Golden Gate ave.
HOUSEKEEPER'S position wanted by capa-
ble American woman; good cook. Address
A.. 615 Larkin st. ■-■i*** '
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wants situation.
Address 521 Turk st.
PACIFIC Employment Office— Reliable help of
all kinds furnished. 777 Market: tel. Clay 130.
WOMAN from the South wants situation as
working housekeeper. MRS. GLENN. 21a
Kearny Ft. . . '
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
i JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlc»;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42«.
I HIGH SCHOOL student desires position of
some kind; experience in store and office
work; speaks German; board and room and
small wages to begin with. Address box
1655. Call.
CHRISTIAN young man wants position; ex-
perienced coachman and gardener; will ac-
cept any reasonable work; small wages; best
of references. Address Coachman. 148 Tenth.
SITUATION by young man, 38, of good ad-
dress; American; to care for horses or to do
general work. Box 1669. Call.
YOUNG man, Danish, wants work Just to help
around baJ.ery. Please write T. JENSEN,
"Winchester House. 44 Third st. \\ ■.:.'■
EXPERIENCED fireman wish, situation; best
reference. Box 1647. Call office.
WANTED— A Job milking or driving a deliv-
ery wagon. J. P.. box 166.">, Call. ■.*'•' . - '■■•;
SITUATION wanted by young man as stenog-
rapher, typewriter or telegraph operator; best
of references. . Box 1C53, Call office.
YOUNG man capable of taking care of horses,
cow, garden; good driver; handy with tools.
Box 396, Call office.
BAKER wants work In institution; good ref-
erences. Box 1660, Call office. :.' -.-•;. :
WANTED — Work as a bread or cake baker.
Address 108 Main st. - _______
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as
schoolboy; no wages. Address Y. D.. 553
■ Geary st. . . ■■-.' ' _'
RELIABLE colored boy of 15, residing with
parents, wishes place with doctor or anything
of trust. 414»_ Post st.
BY middle-aged man. German, generally use.
ful, to take care of horses, cow and garden
In private family; references. O. M., 674 East
Sixteenth St., East Oakland.
1 GARDENER will take charge gentleman's pri-
vate grounds; understands laying out of new
grounds; renovation of old grounds also; 35
years' old; married; no children: would take
charge of house and grounds In absence of
family: first-class references. Box 1514. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation: understands car*
of horses, cows, garden; reference: state the
wages. J. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third st.
I WINCHESTER House. 44 Third Bt., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
' and baggage to and from ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid. .
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS, south, $22 50 and half fare; wait-
ress, Fresno, $20, fare advanced, call early; 3
waitresses, city, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait.
$20; 4 restaurant waitresses, $,'. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN or Swedish woman for ranch, $30.
fare paid; ranch cook, $20; 4 girls for country,
$15 and $20; 3 cooks, city. $20 and $25. .C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
LADIES to do embroidery work at home; good
pay; expeilenca unnecessary; reply envelopo
for particulars and sample. MANHATTAN
EMBROIDERY CO.. Pearl and Beekman sts..
New York City.
WANTED— An experienced handkerchief sales-
lady, competent to take charge of counter;
state experience, age, reference and salary
expected. Address box 1646., Call office.
WANTED— first-class saleswomen In a
lace and embroidery department. Apply to
Wclnstock. Lubin & Co., from 7:30 to 9:30 p.
m. Friday night. 523 Market st.. room 7.
W ANTED— Young lady of good education, must
be musical and converse in French, as com-
panion for elderly lady. Box IMS, Call office.
WANTED— 3 experienced cloak and suit fitters;
permanent position. . Apply Cloak Depart-
ment White House, before 9 a. m.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on pants. SV4 Monroe
St.. off Bush, near Stockton.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 657
Twenty-second St., Oakland. ._
GOOD finishers and buttonhole makers and ap-
prentices on coats. 206 Minna st.
GIRL for housework; small wages: call before
11. 833 Howard st. -
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
steady work. 106 Battery st. _ _
RESPECTABLE girl wanted at once. Apply
at 1832 Filbert st. . .
8 &??&£%t
WANTED-First-class pants finisher. 118
Montgomery avenue. .
ysg]ygr_; ___T_«a«_
S iS»S?V_ r gMS-vTsrwa;
& MICHEL'S, 531 Mission st.
j^ag_j_&_s_rsar B gtgg
1
d m^o^^: JoT^
WAVTED-Operators on flannel . overshlrU.^*
V.w Inexperienced hands taken and tau.ht.
1?KVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont «t.
rPIRNr P1RN «ewing at KEISTER'S: good position*:
L Sftl^___j_ UP- 118 McAllister «t.
a WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
HELP ■■WANTED—
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
. WANT TO-DAY
Butcher, country shop, $25 to $30 and found,
fare 25c: i 6 waiters. $30. $25 and $20 and
found: 5 cooks, $50, $45. $30 and found: 3
teamsters, city.......... $1 75 day
6 farm hands. $25, $20. . $15 and found; 3
boye for ' ranches to do chores. $6; brick
burner. $35 and found; 3 slate splitters.
Packer, shingle mi11..;... .:..20 woodchoppers
Cake - baker, second hand, $25 and found; 2
boys. for a city factory, $4 week.
. Driver express, wagon ...Barber, country
20 tie makers Driver, city milk wagon
MURRAY & READY,
■■ ■ 634 and (36 Clay St.
OFFICE boy wanted for our office and run
errands; must write a fair hand. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
fSBSOSWSSIHBKIW-- ■■■-,■'■■ „ 'HELP WANTED- Continued.
EXTRA help quick by 'phone: Grant 186; of-
fice open 7 a. m. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
SHORT order cook, country restaurant. $10 a
week, fare advanced; cook, $9 a week:
kitchen hands. C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104
. Geary st. , : .
BOOKKEEPER $25 to $30 and board. C. R.
HANSEN & C.'\. 104 Geary st.
LABORERS, maintain railroad: woodchoppers
and grubbers.; 75c to $1 15 a cord. C. H.
HANREN & Cs>.; 104 Geary st.
WANTKD— A fljt-class shoe salesman. Apply
to Welnstock; J-Übin £- i •■■.:■■■ 7:30 to 9:30:
p. in'. Friday ttight; f>23 Market Bt., room 7^
WANTED — By .^ large manufacturer of Cloth-
Ing, an experienced cutter on stock suits. Box
m 1644. CalllOfttCtNtJ
TOUNG man f..r janitor work a few days
sach week: $t'3s per day. Box 1606. Call.
DISHWASHER, with experience on lunch
counter. S. F.l cor. Greenwich and Lyon sts.
MSHWASHER, with room, $10 per month. Call
early 1407 Vaiencla st.
BOY -t 532 Montgomery ave., in plumbing
-business.
WANTKD for the 17. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 35,
citizens of 'hi* United States, of good char-
acter and tenipernte habits, who cat. speak,
read and write English. For Information ap-
ply to recniftlnj; officer, 425 ■: atgomery st.,
San Francisco. Cal.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine C>M"ps, United States navy; able-bodied.
unmarried men between the apes of 21 nnd 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write Encli?h, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet in height. For further Information
apply at the Recruiting Office. 40 Ellis at.,
San Francisco, Cal.
OCULIST or refractionlst with diploma and
references. GEO. MAYERLE, Expert Opti-
cian. 1071V. Market st.
WILL give a bright office boy business educa-
tion in exchange for his services. Box 1663,
Tail office.
EXPERIENCED ad solicitor for good publica-
tion: liberal terms. Box 1659, Call office.
'FIRST-CI-ASS cabinet-maker wanted. FINK
.* SCHINDI.KR. 1309 Market St.
$75— PARTNER; one who can play accordion or
banjo. Box 1654, Call office.
. $25 A WEEK and expenses to sell cigars on
time: experience unnecessary; holiday goods.
W. I. KLINE CO., St Louis. Mo.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Ro'.kin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764S Mission
st., men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
BARBER shop for sale cheap on account of
sickness. S. FUCHS 325 Grant ave.
MAN with experience In shooting gallery. 503
Kearny St. ■-■■
PARTNER in barber business; must be tem-
perate and have some means. Box 1642.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 328
Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Franclsc- P-rber College. 13S ; i Eighth _!!l-_
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 525 Grant ave.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms: or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st.
TRY Linde'.l House, Sixth and Howard Fts.:
thoroughly renovated: 200 ■ms; 15c, 25c nipht.
SINGLE room?. 15c. 20cJ 23c per night: 73c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho Hnuse. S63'j Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tei. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. S2 50: men's
soleing;, 35c: only one price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 3 itter M.
SAILOR? •nd ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'?. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson.
PINOLE, furnished, fine, larue. sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 221 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen. carpenters, coast.
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 2."£ night: readinsr-room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
« MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want .i :■< and subscriptions taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
ACTIVE: abllcltora everywhere for "The Story
of the PMUppines." by Murat Halstead. offi- j
cial hle - irtan of War Department; written In
army camp? at San Francisco, on Pacific with :
Gen. Merritt, In insurgent camps with Aguin- I
a'.do.. on derk of the Uiympla with Dewey. and i
in the roar of battle at fall of Manila; bo-
nanza for agents: large book: low prices; big
profits; freight paid; credit given; outfit free.
Dominion Co., Dept. H, Chicago.
ACTIVE woman to take measures for Clark's
new electric and Royal Queen corsets: salary
and commission. Call 1253 Broadway. Oakland.
SOMETHING new for good book agents. Ap-
ply before 10:30 a. m. at 320 Sansome, room 60.
4 LADY canvassers at factory, 1308 Mission St.;
salary raid.
100 good agents: good profits; article every
family needs. 513 Taylor St. Hours 10:30. 1:30.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, '— mailins-.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted In old established hay.
grain, wood, coal and livery business; 25
horses: price $1500, part cash; sickness cause
of partner retiring. Box 15S8. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— Large sunny room, unfurnished, by
December 1: state rent. Box IQ.J7. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— Board and room for a gentleman:
state price. I '■■■.>• 1645. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PECOND-HAND furniture for 6 rooms; cash.
Box 1639, Call office.
WANTED- Second-hand upright pinno for cash.
GARDNER St GASSELL, 216 Post fit i
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: r,-.-.,rri-hnnrl 100 Montgomery nt.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
ber; full set Of teeU:. $5; crowns. $3; till-
lngs, 50c: teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; n.i students employed; extracting free
when plates arc ordered; consultation free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason s s. Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates: light and thin; guaranteed jo years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our ■peelaltw; fill Ings. BOc: crowns, $3 50: all;
• painless and warranted. Chicago Den- i
:_1 Parlor.-. L'4 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, gen~'->e Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
' out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth. $5; lings, gold. $1 up; silver. 250 !
up: bridge work; plates repaired: all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York i
Dentists, ■.■•) Mission st. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: filling, 25c up all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings. '
957 Market Et.. corner Sixth.
DR; LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market it., near
eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reai«o--»)le: gas given.
.ALL — "rk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 132 Market st.
SKT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk Ht.
HORSES.
AVTHOROUGHBRED trotter tors sale 517-year-
old mare; soun<i stylish and gentle; $75. Slx-
Mll<" x * _— --. San Bruno road.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Falesyards. 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagon*.
harness, • etc.. at your own price.
40 HORSKS for rale; also wagons, buggle*.
carte. harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 227 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
GOOD road horse for _a'« cheap. Apply 45
Dehon st.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Ocrld«>ntal Salesyarrts. 721 Howard,
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
BARGAINS— Must bo sold; wagons, buggies.
hacks, phaetons, carts and harness, or will
tell aa a whr-.le. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewrlters sold and rented; few partly
ueed for Bale cheap: Bend for samples and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $25; Callgraph, $15; Yost. $25:
eet .ample work SCOTT. 333 Montgomery at.
~ STORAGE.
riERCE-ROl .' il.l'H Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Maln'E7l_.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
— WE have buyers to invest In any legitimate
business; parties , willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
RESTAURANT— WiII sell cheap to party who
understands the business. National Agency,
7 Grant ave.
$400— CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a snap.
$225 — Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month..
$250 — Restaurant: 'No. 1 location; clears $60 mo.
$75— Branch bakery; Market St.; rent $13.
$200— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
$125 — BRANCH bakery and coffee parlor. S
rooms: rent $15. National Agency, 7 Grant av.
A— $8oO; CORNER grocery and bar; Third St.;
big business: living rooms. KREDO & CO.,
22 l i Geary st. :
A— s2so; COFFEE and lunch; est. 20 years; $15
to $20 daily. . KREDO & CO., 22% Geary at.
A— sl2s; DINING-ROOM; 30 steady boarders;
good transient; clears $100. KREDO & CO.,
22% Geary at. • •
$400 -- PARTNER wanted in light business
where the services of a plain, steady man
are preferred to hired help: business long
established and too much for one man; no
experience required; trial given; $1S to $30 a
week each. 9 Geary St., room 18.
A— FURNISHED rooms and bar. $350; 9 fur-
nished rooms. Market St.. $163; cigar stana ;
on Market St., $100. STANLEY & CO., 1000
Market st.
A— s2so; BARGAIN; sobriety and steadiness
wanted. LOWENSTEIN. i'-:i '-:; l Market »t..
between Sixth and Seventh. ;
WANTED— Partner with $1000; excellent op-
portunity for a sober young man or a graduate
physician to obtain a thorough knowledge m
\ the science of optics; none but tnc L with best
of references need apply. GEORGE «*i;
ERLB, German expert optician, charter mem-
ber American Association of Opticians, <'";
man Ootical Institute. 1071% Market near
Seventh: see city directory; testimonials from
Gen. Miles, G< ■ Dewey, Gen. bhafler, Ad-
•nlra! Sampson, etc. ,
PARTY having much sought after Invention,
partly protected, wants aid to have same
patented here and elsewhere; an Interest
given. Address Fine Opportunity, box 1670.
Cail office. ._
FOR SALE— SI2S; fruit and candy store; value
In sight. Can 136 Powell st.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole Interest in best j
1 paying restaurant in Oakland: present owner
here 7 years; reason for change, has whole-
sale business In San Francisco: clearing $200
month guaranteed; fullest invest gatlon and
trial before buying. E. E. BL.NCE, 908
Broadway, Oakland.
FOR SALE— cents on the dollar; one 5, one 6
and one 7 room cottage; also far Investment.
•I two 2-story cottages, pay net 10 per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. DENKE Sr.,
Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge.
GOOD opportunity for man with family who
can give massage and run salt water tub
bathing: plenty room for store or barber
shop: sell cheap on Account of sickness. Box
1684, Call office^
WANTED Party to take an interest in well
known boiler cleansing fluid business with .
manufacturing rights. Write R. V.. 2014',.
Stockton M . San Francisco.
THE well-known Villa Hotel at Haywards; fur-
nished complete; Hay wards Opera House in
connection: owner wants to retire on ac-
count of old age. Apply owner on premises.
FOR SALE— 26-room hotel; cost $5000 7 years
apo: I rice to-day $1100; furniture and large
lot included. Call 256 Third St.
FOR SALE— Good grocery and bar; no oppo-
sition. Filbert and Laguna sts.
BAKERY, all store trade; no wagon; two bar-
rels dally. Address box 1656, Call office.
i A WELL established paying business, $1000;
! cxperier.ee not needed. Address box 1650, Call. j
! CIGAR, stand for $175; well located; fair busi-
| ness. Box 1636. Call office. j
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and ■
fixtures: in good location: investigate at once; i
j chance for good physician. Address box 1518, i
: Call office. j
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi- j
ness; quick returns; secure your county at ;
: once. M. H. Cartwright. rm. 709. 927 Market.
$150— BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good |
location: living-rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove
St.. Oakland.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Be— gt.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
II C DECKER, 1020 Market st opp. Fifth.
48- ROOM CORNER HOUSE ■
I JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FLTRNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500; EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room bouse; new house and furniture.. s S5O
8 rooms; new furniture: cost 1550 200
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450
1 -room house; only 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 550
46-room house: " corner 1200
22 rooms r.rar Crty Ha11....... 800
10 rooms: all rented; business street 300
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES. ,
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine : $ r 'Q
32 rooms; select: transient; corner 2250
2S ms; rent $55 ...'. 650
14 room*; north of Market; clears $50 560
11 rooms; all new furniture 500
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
A— KREDO & CO 22V4 Geary st.
- Money Advanced on All Houses.
10 rooms; transient; fine corner $500
12 rooms; McAllister; clears $50 325
12 rooms: Golden Gate: elegant 900
14 rooms: all outside bay-windows SOO
15 rooms; Geary; clears $100 1050
17 rooms; elegant; O'Farrell: clears $150.. .50
A— ssso; 37 rooms; best transient; clears $150 a
month. KREDO & CO., 22V6 Geary st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.:
10 rms.; Hyde 8t.. 5150 1 18 rms.; Post st — $500 ;
IS rms.: Third St.. 560 1 87 rms.; Howard... 700
20 rms.; Geary st. 600 50 rms.; Bush st... 1250
; 100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
j A— 3o, 70 and 100 room houses to let; also 300
flats at SPECK & CO. '3. 602 Market St.
musical instruments.
I -^^^^^- v*~~~^~
AT $5 50 PER month installments and
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Bteinway upright 187 60
Chickering upright 235 00
Pohmer upright 115 00
I Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of __
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO.,
136 Ellis st., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
Fame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
I In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west Of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28- and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
nnd prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
YOU want a piano? Why not rail on us?
SCOTT. CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
Bell we buy for cash. We own our own
bull'dlng. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. M0 Hayes st.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will ofTer the greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise;
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market Bt.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer
Piano Warerooms. 1818 Market st.
BENJ CURTAZ A: SON. sole agents for Chick-
erlng. Stock, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 10 O'Farrell st. '
A MAGNIFICENT high grade piano, slightly
used; cheap for cash. Room 10. Flood bldg.
BARGAIN: good Steinway upright; cheap.
BCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hibernia Bank..
AN elegant Stein way. upright, for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness ave.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 108 Post st.
lIAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR Violins, zithers, old and new. ST
MULLKR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
~ CARI*ET~~CLEA~NING7~7 " LL ~
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S , Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 363-67 Tehama St.; tel, 8. 40.
CARPETS cleaned nt 3c per yard; laid at So.
STRATTOX'S, 3 Eighth st. tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
tt.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; tel. East 128. ■-.'■■ '
ADVANCE -Carpet-cleaning Co. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM, Proprietor. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALI., THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also I
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth, Oakland. |
NORTON— home; all right.
FATHER.
IF rats and mice annoy you write S. S. MFG.
CO., Chicago, 111., for sure exterminator.
MIDDLE-AGED South German business man
wants to make acquaintance oi respectable ;
lady; object matrimony; no triflers. Box 1651, *
Call office.
LEDERER,- the hairdresser, uses Qulnonla for
a hair tonic; It's unsurpassed; 35c a bottle;
try it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, charges
but 25c; Lederer's Foamo Shampoo is the i
most popular hair wash in the market; only |
5c a package. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton, j
CHRISTMAS Sale — Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order; wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOBHTTANI CO., 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at sture prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms,
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S. 905 Market st. j
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's co*t. 107 Sansome, upstairs. |
SUITS to order on Installments at cash price*;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny. !
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda :
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market et., bet. 7th and Sth. ,
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th» CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DRESSMAKERS.
S\N FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MM- GOLDSTEIN— EIegant sty'.ish dresses. $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rms. 14-15.
HOUSES TO LET.
A CHEAP house; 8 rooms, bath. 2529 Bryant
St., near Twenty-fourth; only $13.
HYDE, 416— Sunny house of 7 rooms and bath
in good order. Apply 418 Hyde st: !
MODERN residence. 3415 Jackson st. grand '
view: 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
& BURKE, 626 Market st.
OAK, 29, near Market— l2-room. house; rent
$40: 2 permanent roomers still In bouse, who
pay $25 per month, desire to stay: reliable
tenant only. Apply to 15 Grant ave.
PERRY, 20S, near Fourth rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to O. H. UMB-
SEN & CO.
SUNNY house; 1096 Union st.; 7 rooms, hath;
nearly new; large yard; $30. Apply to L. C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny St.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery <»t. _____________
COTTAGES TO LET.
$18— SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms and bath and
stable: corner of Dolores and Cumberland.
FURNISHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath; with
piano. 721*2 Grove st.
~ FLATS TO LET.
AT 214 Chattanooga St.— New modern flats, up-
per and lower, 6 and 5 rooms; bath; $22 & $18,
AT 1142 Golden Gate ave.— Lower and middle I
flat; 6 rms. ; modern conveniences; sunny side.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and
bath; unfurnished; modern; $12: water free.
2818 Golden Gate ave. or NAVLET, 401 Geary.
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick — Modern j
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
HAYES, 333— Branch office or The CalL Sub-
scriptions and ads taken. ■
LEAVEN WORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 5 rooms; j
gas; bath; rent $16. j
LINDEN ave., 331—4 rooms and bath. Call at ,
32S Fell St. |
MCALLISTER, 726— Upper flat; 7 rooms, bath; \
rent $27; key at 725. j
NICE sunny Bat; 0 rooms and bath; modern:
improvements; basement. 132 Page st.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath: cot- j
tage, 5 rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores & 15th. ]
THANKSGIVING week we will offer 10 to 30
days' free rent to every flat or house we rent;
we' have ten flats, 3 rooms, $7; cozy D-room
cottages. $12, etc., at SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market st. ■ |
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion St., between Eighth and Ninth.
$12, $14, $17; FLATS, light and sunny; 4, 5 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary Bt. I
$25— MODERN flat of 8 rooms, bath; 1 or 2
families. 1128 Howard st.
$13— FLAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St.. between
Gough and Octavla. ' ' !
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
IJROAI3WAY, 700— Large sunny bay-window |
suites and single rooms; gas; bath.
BUSH. 1203V- 3 furnished rooms for house- !
keeping, with use of piano if desired. j
FIFTH 322— Large sunny front bedroom and !
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private: $11. '
FOLSOM. 900%— Large front room for house- |
keeping. j
FRANKLIN, Furnished room for or with-
out light housekeeping.
FURNISHED housekeeping rooms; also sin-
gle. -Apply 106 Eleventh st. -^
GEARY. 610— Large sunny newly furnished
room; also room for housekeeping; gas range. ,
GEARY, 3812V. — 3 large sunny rooms furnished j
for housekeeping; no children.
GROVE, 32— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath: yard; cheap.
GROVE. 202, corner Van Ness Sunny un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
HOWARD, 525— Kitchen and bedroom furnished
Complete; and others reasonable.
HOWARD, 1052— Sunny front parlor and house-
keeplng rooms.
LANGTON, — Floor of 3 rooms, furnished
lor housekeeping; basement.
MASON, — 2 sunny unfurnished rooms suit-
able for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 422— Sunny front room; run-
ning water.
MINNA, 281, corner Fourth— Furnished house-
kpg complete: front double and single; chp.
MISSION 1217— Runny front suites complete for
housekeeping; $12. $14 and $16.
MISSION, 1729%, near 13th— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry; $8.
MOSS, 13, off Howard— 2 or 3 rooms furnished
for housekeeping^
OAK, 119—2 furnished rooms; heavy housekpg;-
sunny; fine neighborhood; separate en.; $10.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
POLK. Sunny front rooms, furnished. In-
cluding piano; rent reasonable; also single
rooms. • ]
SEVENTH. 262— Housekeeping rm*. ; newly pa-
pered; sun all day; large yard, also fur rm.rs.
SHIPLEY. 259—4 housekeeping rooms, $6; new
house; for adults only, and no animals.
"th 216V4— Sunny large front rooms also
suites'; light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
SIXTH • 420— Sunny bay-window rooms; house- |
keeping; run. water, bath; also single rms.
SIXTH, 661. in the rear— large unfurnished
rooms'; cellar and yard.
TAYLOR 323— Nicely furnished parlor floor
complete for housekeeping: also other rooms.
THIRD 309— Large furnished room complete,
$7; 2 for $10; bedroom. $5 month.
TURK. 543—2 sunny rooms, complete for house-
V.ecrl'ng; pas stove; rent $14.
ROOM! I TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny at.— Pleasant
runny rooms; en suite or tingle; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable. •
AT E2 Second— Double rooms per week. $1 50 to
$•(;' single. $1 to $1 60: day. Me to Me.
BALBOA. The. 1049A Market— Changed hands;
renovated: rooms &oc. suites $1 per day; leas
per week; country trade solicited: elev tr;tel.
BUSH, 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
room's.
BUSH Nicely furnished double rooms, $7
a month; other rooms; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 832-Elegant suite sunny fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; board If desired.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market-Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rm>.: $S. $10 mo.
ELLIS, 639, corner Larkln— Bay-window al- I
cove ; mantel; gas; bath.- i
FIFTH 309 — Three nicely furnished sunny I
housekeeping rooms; other housekeeping rms. i
FOLSOM,- Furnished sunny front bay-win-
dow room; bath and gas. 'A.'
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
Kingle; elevator; moderate rates; families. ...
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
jl; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
' GOLDEN GATE, 435— Nicely furnished front
room; running water, bath, • etc. y
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming. house; $1 50 to SG per week.
H \SKELL. The, 121 Powell Cheap, neat,
tight, sunny rooms; transients, gents prelerd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and single rms. ; transient. Mrs. J. King. •
HOWARD, 822—2 sunny hall bedrooms; $4 and
$6: private.
LARGE, sunny unfurnished front room; bay-
window; Taylor, near Washington. Box 1655,
! Call office.
LARKIN, 1200, opp. Lurline Baths — Sunny fur-
nished rooms; from $4 up.
20 MARY, near sth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors ; $22 50. • ■
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, Sunny front alcove room; also
single room; $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights: day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 224— Sunny front suite, $6 week;
single rm., double bed, $2 50; run. water; tran.
PAGE, 1312, near — Fine alcove room, with
or without kitchen; reasonable. ■
POLK, 17— Sunny front rooms or single, $1 to
i $3 per week. ■
j POST, 910—2 sunny front rooms for gentlemen;
' $6 50, $S 50; private family.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms: second floor; leasonable.
RITCH, 36, bet. Folsom and Harrison— Sunny
furnished front room; rent very reasonable.
SEVENTH, 229 — Sunny front furnished room,
$4 50. [
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 824 — sunny furnished rooms;
single or housekeeping; terms reasonable.
TURK. 529—2 sunny furnished rooms; running
water; large unfurnished front room.
TEHAMA. 30S. near Fourth— Nice clean single
rooms, $3 and $4 per month.
THE BRUNSWICK. 148 Sixth St., corner How-
ard — Best appointed: centrally located: rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week: open all night: Howard-st. cars pass
house direct from all boats and trains. '•- .r :'
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp Gough—
House newly furnished ; single rooms cr suites;
' 2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
VAN NESS ave., 1109— Front Suite.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARDING houses find It to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City Market. .*■:>:
BUSH, Sunny suite; good board; hot and
cold water; single rooms.
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY. S22— Sunny rooms: hot and cold water;
good table board; reasonable; gas; bath.
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture; first class In every respect; table
unsurpassed: hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $60 a month up.
"IRVING." 1070 Valencia st.— Bright sunny
1 rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
I O'FARRELL. Pleasant rooms; home cook-
ing; parlor: piano; bath- gents; special rates.
SUTTER, 1128— Elegant room and board: loca-
tion unsurpassed: reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Furnished room, with
board, $4 and $5; home cooking. .
VAN NESS ave., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
STORES TO LET.
CLEMENTINA, 23— Store and 4 rooms, bar and
fixtures: cheap rent. Key upstairs.
CORNER store. Twenty-second and Castro 6ts. ;
suitable for grocery and bar.
I SMALL store for rent in country; best for
tailor: give one month free. Refer to M.
SCHEYER 4 BRO., 16 Sans ime st. 'I .
STORE-, with living apartments, suitable for
harnessmaker or plumber. Apply 414 Bran-
nan st.
OFFICES* TO LET.
i EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
OFFICE, to let at 1065 Market St., opposite
Jones: newly furnished suite.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that MRS.
DR. GWYER has returned to the city and
resumed business; a sure and safe cure for
all female diseases from whatever cause;
1 all those who are sick or discouraged should
call on the doctor and state their case be-
fore going elsewhere; they will find her a
true friend; home for patients with every
comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by MRS.
DR. GWYER. 610 Eddy st. -
I ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
I sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
i finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills, $1; guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st ; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant ave., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure: no medi- !
cine or Instruments used; consultation free; I
eaves disgrace: pills and capsules, $1; cure.
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 yean". DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped Instantly;
consult free; confidential: hours, 9 a. m. to
I p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES— chit-heater's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other: Fend 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladlee": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.:
$1 50. Semi 2o stamp for circulars to SBGU-.
HO MFG. CO., 531 K St., Sacramento, Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
ave. : private home in confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
GENERAL health exercises, walking and
deon breathing tfi'ieht ladles nt their homes.
Write to Teacher Ma'ivV 41 q Lnrkln st.
LOST.
IN Alameda: large white dog; collar bears li-
cense to Nallaln, Stoi.t St.. Portland. Or. Re-
turn 1431 Sherman St., Alameda; liberal re-
ward. - ;
LOST— A eold locket; Initials H. M. Finder
will please : return to Henry Muller. 1701
Devisadero; a liberal reward will be paid.
AT Cliff House, sable fur collarette. Liberal
reward returned to J. F. M., 404 Front St.;
no questions asked. •
LOST— Lady's watchchaln and locket: liberal
reward. Return to MARK THALL, Alcazar
Theater. ■."'.*'--?.%■ __:
LOST— Black cocker spaniel; silver collar. Re-
turn to 1629 Pine st. ; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of JAMES FEAGAN; No. 6349. The
finder will please return to bank. ,- . .
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ROBERT THOMPSON; No. 160-1275.
The finder will please return to bank. .
LOST. In Alameda— Large white dog; collar
bears license to Nnllain. Stout :t., Portland,
Or. Return to 1431 Sherman St., Alameda:
liberal reward. '
FAT fox terrier: named Jim; white except ears
and head; black and tan; paces; collar with !
bells attached. Liberal reward returned to
1103H Stevenson st. /
OLD gold, silver and diamonds bought at
UNCLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave. . ......
WILL' party who found lace scarf on train
Sunday return to Oakland -Pier? Reward.
. PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 10214 Market, bet, 6th and 7th.
i >; CITY REAL. ESTATE. . ,
A LIST
BARGAINS. ,_ __ ,'■ '
BARGAINS.
PRICE $20,000. RENT $2300 PER ANNUM. I
Northwest corner in Western Addition; 2 new
buildings, containing 6 flats, just completed; all |
rented; income $2300 per year; for sale at a
bargain; no reasonable offer refused; lot 50x
106:3.
$2750— St.. near Taylor; 2 flats of 4 and.
5 rooms; rent $24; lot has two frontages.
$12,500— L0t 35x136; Hayes, near Webster;
rent $100; three large flats, all rented and in
good repair.
$7500— Offer wanted; Sacramento St., near
Broderick; rent $62; lot 27x105; improvements,
flats. ;
$3500— $33; Central ;-ve., near Golden j
Gate; lot 27:6x110; 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms; all
rented.
$10 000— handsome, brand-new building,
just completed; rent $100; large corner lot; this
building contains 3 coiner flats of 0 rooms and
bath. etc.. each; very sunny and very attrac- .
tive.
$8500— Page St., close to town; 3 new, flats; all
rented for $S0; sunny side of street; large lot.
$2000— Small amount of cash required; very
attractive bay-window cottage of 5 rooms and
bath. etc., on Jersey St., near Castro.
$5000— $60; all rented; Shipley st., near
Sixth; 5 flats; lot 25x75; good interest-paying
property.
$7000— Rent $67 50; 3 flats, 5, 5 and 6 rooms;
brick foundation; all rented; Larkin St., near ;
Vallejo; offer wanted.
$7750— A great bargain; pent $82; 2 stores and
flats; extra large corner lot 50x100. on one of ■
the best business streets In the Mission; cars |
pass the property.
$7000— Hyde St.. near Ellis; 2-story and base-
ment house of 10 rooms and bath.
CHEAP LOTS.
Fine view: Lake St., near 23d ave.; Sunny
side of street; grand view of Bakers Beach.
NICE COTTAGE IN RICHMOND.
$2300— Fourteenth ave., near Clement St.,
contains 6 rooms, bath and high basement; lot
25x137:6.
FILBERT-STREET COTTAGE.
$2000— bargain: Filbert st., near Laguna:
contains 6 rooms and bath; also driveway and
stable; lot 25x137:6.
A FINE SPECULATION.
$8000— wanted; all of block No. 1.6,
Homer's Additiqn, fronting on Castro, Dia-
mond, Twenty-eighth and Valley sts.; 46 build-
Ing lots; can be sold at good profit.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
66 LOTS SOLD.
PRICE ONLY $275.
TERMS $5 MONTHLY.
The sale of lots in the two blocks south of the ]
Park, which we subdivided about 30 days ago, •
has been the most rapid sale of lots ever known
In San Francisco!
■ We believe that the reason they are selling
so fast is because there never were such de-
sirable lots offered at such low prices.
$275 UPWARD.
Terms, $25 Cash. $5 Monthly. Have You Seen
Them? .
Facing on Sth, 9th, 10th and 11th aves.. south
of and not far from Golden Gate Park. Lots
graded and ready for the builder.
Magnificent views, overlooking Golden Gate
Park, Golden Gate and the city. Property lies
on gentle slope running up from the Park;
splendid drainage: sheltered from the winds by
hills to the westward; near the Affiliated Col-
leges and not far from all the principal Park
attractions.
BE SURE AND BEE THEM AT ONCE.
Take Halghl or Ellis street cars and transfer
to the new electric road (taking the place of
the old steam dummy), get off car at Ninth
av». and H st. We have a branch office there,
open daily (Sundavs and holidays included).
Blue' cars on Mission and Ellis streets run
direct from the ferries.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth ave., near H st.
$400, $450. $500 to $SOO each; street graded, lots
ready to build on: $25 down. $5 monthly.
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Local agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300; lots near MiSSJon-st. electric
cars; ready to build on, $10 down. $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTH!:
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
#
$13,000— 50- VARA lot with large house of 16
rooms and stable, lawn, etc fronting on 3
streets, 2 corners; streets bltuminized, con-
crete sidewalks, stone bulkhead; place worth
$25 000; must be sold: mortgage of $10,000 can
remain: lot alone worth $20,000: best West-
ern Addition location. O. D. BALDWIN &
SON, 22 Montgomery st.
A— BARGAIN; elegant new modern cottage, 5
rooms and bath; attic: 1105 Castro st., near
23d. Apply P. J. DONAHUE, Builder, 161
Preclta ave.
NEW 3-room cottage with level Int. near Mis-
sion and Thirtieth sts.: $10 monthly. JACOB
1 1 YMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL..
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veylng, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue. .
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; Indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches, etc.: life scholarship. $50; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
SET teeth, $4: fill., gold 50c. silv. 2.V; crowns
$3; 9. a. m. to 10 p. m. Parlors. 235 Kearny.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 400 positions secured in last 2 years.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr, 672 Parrott bldg.
ELEVENTH, 10<V— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ada taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSII & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
18-KARAT gold, 15-mlnute repeating stop-
•watch for J125; cost $300. At UNCLE HAR-
RIS, 15 Grant ave.
FOR SALE — Baby carriage In good condition.
t;ir,A Lombard st. ■■ ; *
LOVERS of setter dogs residing where game Is
plentiful can get good bargains by calling on
me. FRED CUCHE, dog trainer. 126 Gutten-
berg st., Station L, near Ocean View.
LARGE 35-foot launch; 8-foot beam; 10 horse-
power. Box 1652, Call office.
190 AN upright Stoddart piano, almost new;
cost original $300. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15
rant ave.
ONE 37-ft launch, 12 horse power, gasoline; 30-
ft. ' sloop: 21-ft. launch, 2 horse power, gaso-
line; 36-ft. launch hull; 60-ft. tug boat; bar-
gains; new and second-hand boats. H. EN-
GELBRECHT, successor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcase*, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-10Z3 Mission at.,
above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st.
1 AND 2 bowl barber wash.stands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate ave. . f.
SECOND-HAN© lumber;. old buildings bought
and removed. Yard, Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
■ ther; pulleys cvr'd 519 Mission; tel. Hr. 331.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records. $5 per dozen;
projectOßCope, $100. Bacigalupl. 935-952 Market.
J R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: tel. South 757.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand: all
glies: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
[SEWING MACHINES.";
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; 'phone Mint 45.
AIL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth at..
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS, 14 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.-
ADVICE free— P. ADAMS, 607 Emma
Spreckels bldg., 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 9J7 Market St. J
', . , . SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! "~ , •
( Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has returned from her Alaska tour, ana beg»
to Inform her patients, .both old and new, that
she has opened offices at The Vendome. 1104
Market st. ''.''.' ,
This celebrated medium, -the clairvoyant of
, all clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all
I and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you In full of all tha.
you are interested in: business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of your friend*
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Reveale*>
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cur*-
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysif
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures whic(>
6he has made are the talk of the whole Me
Address or call MRS. DR. A. HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome). j
! MRS. J. .T. WHITNEY, celebrated trances
t test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies: consul
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton s<\
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium & healer; hra:,
10 to 5; minerals psychometrized. 1027t» Mrk^.
11. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. •
MRS. ELLIS: tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.:
Mon.. 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
; YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 221 Sixth st.
; MME. LENEMAR, fort, by planets; predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, '74; 23% 6thr, r. 3.
MME. HANSON, palmist . and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth, rm. It.
MM I-:. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clalr-
voyant and card reader. 1049A Market st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has open".! an office at 315 O'Farrell St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH, $8 monthly, wHI buy a handsome s-
room cottage, bath, and everything about It
modern; very large lot; location the best in
Oakland; fine soil; grand view, yet level;
nice homes surrounding; a property for a
home worth seeing: streets all macadamized;
fine school and electric cars near by; city
water and sewer: entire price $1250; a few
fine large lots $125; $10, $5 monthly upward;
also 3 choice corner lots at a bargain: Ga-
lindo Settlement. East Oakland. Call or
send for circular to 453 Seventh St., corner
Broadway, Oakland; carnage free. H. Z.
JONES. Owner.
$1400— TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house. 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap: lot 50x160; house of 4 room*: 2
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2Soo— New Colonial cottage. 7 rooms and
bath: lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
Elegant home on Central ave.; lot 50x207. Se«
this at once. Houses to let in all parts of Ala-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
WHY continue to pay most of your income for
housr; rent? Send for our illustrated booklet.
"A Home for $5 per Month"; mailed free.
BELDEN & COOK, Installment Home Build-
ers, 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company. installment horns
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park St..
Alameda. Cal.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Bent to any address in the United
Rates or Canada one "ear 'or $1 50. postac*
paid.
' OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17: no dark rms.:
stove and porcelain bath; water, ash man
free: Adeline station. Oakland: key 940 Union
ft. KOF.NTC, ft KROLL. icne Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY, 122!*— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets: reasonable to responsible parties.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE- Good *nd cheiir>. li. S<,HKl.i-
HAAS' old ,«tnr>. 40« Klor.pth -t. *»« hi-*
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPKCIAIT NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700. $ISOO. $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown upon the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and ere finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station. Alameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3000— 5- room cottage; bath, laundry; 1% acres;
12 min. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dlngtcn. 211'' Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley *tn.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
$1500 IN good park lots to exchange for unin-
cumbered wild land. Box IS9S. Call office.
RANCH for nice 7-room house: 2 corner lots,
B. F. : $3600. Box 101. Call. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED to rent 5 acres land for garden
near city. Address Box 1657, Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
LOANS to salaried people holding permanent
positions: no security except their name;
easy payments. New Era Loan Co.. rm. 25,
1003Vs Broadway, Oakland: hours 10 to 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain libsral advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st.; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-,
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at &4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason St., opp. Olympia Music Hall,
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK, 118 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty, MURPHY. 63G Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and Id mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
MONEY WANTED.
$1300 WANTED for 6 or 12 months in per cent;
on good indorsed or joint note. Box 1619, Call.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
siding in and near Vancouver, H. ('., during
the years IS3I to 1895, and 'afterward in Cali-
fornia, and was last heard of in Sonora,
Tuolumne County, Cal.. about June, 18S6, will
apply to the undersigned he will hear of
something to his advantage. WELLS &
HIND. Solicitors. Nottingham. England.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses .have been issued as follows:
Antonio Gomez and Antonlal- 8ucke1......55-23
Edward W. Nation and Julia M. Rafter.... 3l-22
George a. Herbert and Maude '/■■ Jefferys. 27-25
Wlncian Nielsen and Minnie Hartz 29-21
David C. Bangs and Emily Lamb 38-30
Max Elsler and Lilly Rahwyler 42-25
O. W. Salmon and Virena M. Christensen.2S-20
Frank-Well and Addle M. Howard 31-25
Evan E. Richards and Lota Best 24-20
John G. AVieland and Hermlne Meyer 28-27
E. M. Robbin and Sophia Thompson 32-40
George F. Logan and Dorothy Clausen 2S-18
Abraham M. Marks and Heckle Armer 26-26
James J. Horrigan and Mary T. Healey 26-30
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name 'and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
. BOB2T.
CARROLL — this city, November 11, IS9B, to
the wife of Mackle E. Carroll, a son.. ...
CLEARY— In this city, November 19, 1838, to
the wife of William T.;Cleary. a daughter.
COOK— In this city, November 16, IS9S. to the
wife of Frederick H. Cook, a daughter.
I KELLY— In this city, Novembei 13. 1898. to the
wife of John J. Kelly, a daughter.
LUBLINER— In this city, Nover'nber 19, IS9B. to
the wife of c. "W. Lubliner. a- daughter.
j MOORE— In this city. November 13, ISM, to th-»
wife of George H. Moore, a so*i.
! SLEVIN— In this city, October's, isrts, to the
'■ wife of Jame.s P. Slevln. a -.....■ichter. '
MARRIED. f~ : ~
I COSGRAVE— BORDEN— In this city, November
2'.'. IS9S, at the First UnitarianChurch, by the
Rev. Dr. Stebbins, John O'Haia Cosgrave and
Helen Borden.
GREENE- ROSENBOHM— In >hts city, No-
vember 17. 1898, by the Rev. J. George Gib-
son, Louis F. Greene and Tillie C. Rosen-
bohm.
DIEJ)T~
Antonovich. Stella McAio »n. Arthur
Bell, Parker Meyer.'. Rose A.
Burke. Mrs. Richard Nolan. Henrietta
Buschmann. Henry O'Brie.i. Mary A.
Chandler, Henry J. . O'Rou ke, Ellen
Clancy. Ellen Perch Charles
Ellis. Michael Poulst-n. Maria T.
Green. Mary M. Rlordfn. George
Hallinan. Lloyd D. Scott/ Alexander
Hopps. Charles E. Thonrt>er. Giles R.
Jurgens, J. D. Travis. Charles F.
Laforet. John Uhlhorn, Gertrude F.
Lyons, Thomas
ANTONOVICH— In this city. November 22. 1893.
Stella, youngest and belove-1 daughter of
Nicholas and the late Kate Antonovich. and
sister of Mrs. G. Mostahinich, a native of
San Francisco, aged 18 years 10 months and
24 days.
BELL— In Shingle Springs. El Dorado County,
November 23, 1898, Parker, beloved son of
the late Robert Bell, and {brother of Mrs. E.
M. Buckley and Robert A.. Lcland S.. Re-
becca C. Aretus D. and Harford Bell, a na-
tive of Truckee, Cal., aged 27 years 3 months
and 2 days.
DONAHUE-BURKE— A solemn requiem mass
will be offered on Saturday morning, No-
vember 26, at 9 o'clock, in St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, Van New avenue, for the repose of the
soul of Mrs. Richard Burke, daughter of the
late James and M. A. Donahue, and niece oi
the late Mr. Peter Donahue of San Francisco.
The death of Mrs. Burke occurred recently at
her residence In Featherd. Tipperary. Ire-
land.
BUSCHMANN— In this city. November 20. 1898,
Henry Buschmann, a native of New York,
aged 43 years.
CHANDLER— In this city, November 22, 1898.
Henry J., beloved son of Emma J. and the
late David S. Chandler, and brother of Wal-
ter G., Willie G. and Luther C. Chandler, a
native of New Hampshire, aged 36 years 1
month and 22 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the California-
street M. E. Church, corner of California and
Broderlck streets. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
CLANCY— In this city. November 22, 189S, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Clancy, a native of
Louisville, Ky., aged 45 years.
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1152 Folsom street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ELLIS— this city, November 22. 108, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of the late Maria Ellis,
and father c.f Officer Thomas P.. John and
Lottie M. A. Ellis, a native of Ireland, aged
77 years 8 months and 3 days.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late
residence, 24 Ford street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth, Sanchez and Noe,
thence to Mission Dolores Church. Sixteenth
and Dolores streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GREEN— In Millbrae. November 23. 1898. Mary
M., beloved daughter of Alfred F. and Mary
C. Green, a native of California, aged 23
years 5 months and 27 days.
ET"Services and interment private.
HALLINAN— In this city. November 22. IS9S,
Lloyd Daniel, beloved son of Nathaniel and 1
Nora Hallinan. and grandson of Patrick and
Sarah Hallinan. aged 3 months and 4 days. 1
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1433 Seventh avenue south
South San Francisco. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HOPPS —In Alameda. November 21. 1898.
at 1523 Pacific avenue. Charles E.. beloved
husband of Ellen A. Hopps, a native of Bos-
ton. Mass., aged 63 years and 9 months.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, Post and Montgomery streets. San Fran
Cisco, under the auspices of Occidental Lodge
No. 22. F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery, San Francisco.
JURGENS— In this city. November 21, 189«.
J. D., beloved son of Lena Jurgens. and
brother of Mrs. C. Meyer, John G. Jurgens.
Mrs. H. Gaerdes and Henrietta and Willie
Jurgens, a native of Estebrugge. Germany,
aged 42 years 4 months and 3 days. A mem-
ber of the Germania Club.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this i^y
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
I of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth, thence to Union Square Hall, 421 Post
street, where funeral services will be held
under the auspices of the Germania Club,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
LAFOHF.T— In the City and County Hospital.
November 23, IBM, John Laforet, a native of
Germany, aged 30 years.
LYONS— In this city, November 21, 1898,
Thomas, beloved husband c f the late Mar-
garet Lyons, and father of Mamie, John,
Maggie, Thomas and James Lvons, a native
of Ireland, aged 54 years. A member of
Norman Lodge No. 1841, Knights of Honor.
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 8 Belmont court, off Seventh street, be-
tween Bryant and Brannan. thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McALOON— In this city, November 20, IS9*.
Arthur McAloon, a native of Ireland, aged
52 years.
MEYERS— In this city. November 22. 1898. Rose
A., beloved wife of Frank W. Meyers.' and
only sister of Agnes Kerns, a native of Clin-
ton. Mass.. aged 2". years and 10 months.
(Clinton. Mass., papers please copy.)
ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Co.. 52 and 36 Mint avenue.
Interment Holy Crces Cemetery.
NOLAN— In Agnews. November 22, is -?. Hen-
rietta beloved wife of William H. Nolan,
and mother cf Francis 1.., William H., James
E.; John S. and Susana L. Nolan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 38 years.
ET"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church, where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, November 22. IS9B.
Mary Ann O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged
Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street.
O'ROURKE— In this city. November 23. 1898,
Ellen belov»d daughter of the late Patrick
and Elizabeth O'Rourke, a native of Boston.
PERCIVAL— Tn this city. November 22. 1898.
Charles, husband of the late Ellen Perclyal.
and father of William Dare and Mary Ellen
Percival, a native of England, aged 73 years.
ff'The funeral will take place this day
( Thursday) at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of T C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
POULSEN— In Sacramento, November 23. IS9S,
Maria T Poulsen (nee Smith) of Alameda,
a native 'of New Orleans, La., aged 62 years
and 4 months. -» ,MO, MO
RIORDAN-In tills city. November 22. MM.
Polic» Officer George Rlordan, beloved
brother of Jerry Riordan, a native of Boston.
Mass aged 38 years.
V Fricnd-< and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
( Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors
of the H J Gallagher Undertaking Company.
20 Fifth street, thence to St. Patrick's Church.
Mission street, between Third and Fourth,
where a solemn requiem mass will l» cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
KCOTT— In Oakland, November 23. ISOS, Alex-
ander Scott, brother of Mrs. Anne S. Ireland
™d P. M Scott, and uncle of Elizabeth J..
William. Alexander S. and James Ireland, a
native of Dumbarton, Scotland, aged 5! years.
1-7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence 1016 East Twenty-sixth street, be-
tween Nineteenth and Twenty-first avenues.
East Oakland. Interment private.
THORNBER— In the City and County Hospital.
November 23. 1898. Giles Renington Thornber,
a native of England, aged 49 years.
TRAVIS— In this city. November 23. 1898,
Charles F. Travis, a native of Connecticut.
ased 70 years. _
iryNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 118
UHLHORN— In this city. November 23. 189(5.
Gertrude Franklin Uhlhorn. daughter of the
late Stephen Franklin, a native of New Or-
leans, aged 61 years and r, months.
(^Funeral and interment private.
YOUNG MEN'S CATHOLIC UNION-A re-
quiem high mass for the repose of the souls
of the deceased members of the loung Men s
Catholic Union will be celebrated in St. Igna-
tius Church this day (Thursday), commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Friends are Invited to at-
tend. _^___'
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL::ER&
20 Fifth »t., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. '
H. F\ iWAASS,
Undertaker and Embalmcr.
Everything Requisite for Flrst-Class Funeral*
at Reasonable Rates. :
Telephone South 273. 917 Mission Street. ,
1112
AMERICAN FRUIT
WAS CONDEMNED
MALICIOUSLY
Inspectors Said it Was
Infected.
THE SAN JOSE SCALE AGAIN
SAMPLE OF THE CONSIGNMENT
BROUGHT BACK HERE.
Not a Trace of the Pest Was Found
on It j».fter a Careful Exam
ination by an Expert
Entomologist.
Germany has of late been making a
gTeat outcry over California fruit, and In
consequence thousands of tons of apples, J
oranges and pears have been condemned j
because the- Kaiser's Inspectors asserted
th.y were affected with the San Jose
scale and other pests. Now It turns out
that the Germans do not know anything
about such things, or it' they do will not
take the trouble to find out whether the
fruit is infected or not, but simply con
demn it because It came from the United
States. Here is a case in point.
Some time ago a German firm ordered
from parties In this city forty carloads
of dried pears. When the consignment
reached Hamburg it was condemned by
the German authorities on the ground
that it was infected with the San Jose
Ecak-. The owners of the fruit were satis- j
fied that there was a mistake somewhere, j
and cabled for a sample to be sent back ■
at their expense.
This sample reached San Francisco a
few days ago, and the original package as
it was received through the mails was
turned over to Alexander Craw, quaran
tine officer for the State Board of Horti- !
culture. Mr. Craw went carefully over j
every piece of fruit in the sample and j
could not rind a trace of Kan Jose or any i
other scale on it. He went over the fruit ;
a second time, and failed to lind even an
Indication that there ever had been any
scale on it.
The wholesale house that handled the j
fruit here immediately cabled the result
of Mr. Craw's investigation to Hamburg, ]
With the result that the fruit was immt
diately released from quarantine and the j
linn to whom it was consigned cabled for i
a further loi of two carload's. The ex- !
cuse given by the German inspectors was
that they did not have microscopes power
ful enough to tell whether the scale was
dead or not.
"There Is positively no danger of dried
fruit carrying scale disease into any
country/ Bald Mr. (.'raw yesterday. "It
seems to me the German authorities
should have known that. As to San Jose
there i* practically none of it In
California, it is an imported pest, and
eot the name it is most generally known
by because it first made its appearance at
Ban Jose. California is wonderfully free
from all kinci.s of pests and the San Jose j
Is only found in neglected orchards
or ..ii trees in lack yards of city houses.
The dried pears that were sent to Ger- i
many and a sample of which was re- j
turned here for examination had not ai
:• f any kind of pest whatever on it. I
'*< a! the subject of those pests I have !
written a letter for J. A. Filcher of the I
State Board of Trade. I have gone very !
fully into the merits of the scale question
an>! have proved, I think, that no foreign
ry need fear the introduction of;
rnia fruit. The letter, I believe, is
for circulation in Germany."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Warm Shampoos
With
And light dressings with
CUTICURA, purest of emol-
lient skin cures, will clear
the scalp and hair of crusts,
scales anddandruff,sootheir-
ritated and itching surfaces,
stimulate the hair follicles,
Supply the roots with energy
and nourishment, and thus
produce luxuriant, lustrous
hair, with clean, wholesome
scalp, when all else fails.
T*(\r finif Racfi heat rash> inflammations,
TO! UOII liaMl irritations, chaflngs, un-
due or offensive perspiration and other sanative
uses, nothing so soothing, purifying and re-
freshing as a bath with CUTICURA SOAP, the
most 'effective skin purifying and beautifying
Gcap In the world, as well as purest and sweet-
est far toilet, bath and nursery.
Sold throughout the world. Price. CUTICURA
SOAP. 25c; CUTICURA (ointment), COc. POT-
TER DRUG & CHEM. CORP.. Sole Props..
Boston. British Depot. 1 King Edward St..
Ixmdon. Depot Francais. 113 Faubourg St.
Hpnore, Paris. Bend tor "Face, Hands and
"*«<» Book." mailed ttt*.
COMMEMORATION
OF THE DAY OF
THANKSGIVING
Where and How It
Will Be Celebrated.
A GLANCE AT ATTRACTIONS
TURKEY AND GOOD CHEER GA
LORE FOR THE POOR.
Services to Be Held in the Churches
of the Different Denominations
Throughout the
City.
A black pall of sorrow will be thrown i
i over the festivities to be held through- i
| out the city to-day In honor and com- |
memoration of Thanksgiving day. The
memory and heroism of those who suf
fered in the crumbling walls of the old j
Baldwin Hotel will be the sad topic «-.s
cussed around the festal board in hun
dreds of homes.
The attention of the public, however, |
will be diverted from the contemplation |
of the awful disaster by many of the j
amusements and events of interest which
will be given through the course of the ;
day.
The great football game at Central i
Park between Berkeley and Stanford i
will be the center of enthusiasm and at
traction. Already the city has donned
the crimson and the blue ar.'l gold and
now awaits with impatience the result of j
the exciting contest on the gridiron.
The game • will begin promptly at 2
o'clock. The gates to the park, however, j
will be opened to the public at 11:30 I
o'clock in the morning to accommodate
the thousands who are in possession of |
tickets with seats before the commence
ment of the game.
The theatricals this year, which are to
be held at Odd Fellows' Hall, will be un- j
usually interesting.
Nearly a score of student actors have
been in training for some time under the •
coaching of George Hermance. A farce !
"The Football Commissioner From i
France." will be presented under the
management of BirneyDonnell. There will !
be specialties from some of Berkeley's j
cleverest monologists, the glee, mandolin |
and guitar clubs of the university will
render college selections, and there will i
be a big orchestra of college musicians.
The farce is a very clever adapta- ;
tion by a playwright graduate, and is
brimful of laughable situations. It tells
the story of a Berkeley professor who
takes lodgers and unexpectedly becomes
the host of the football commissioner ;
from France, who has come from the
universities of his native country to learn
the gridiron sport and introduce it to
French students. .»„,.--
Amusing complications arise from an
army major's pursuit of his wife, who he ,
believes has run away with the young
Frenchman; the latter, however, being
in love with Ucle. the Berkeley beauty,
daughter of the professor. Following is
the cast of characters of the farce:
Major Zoule A. S. Chesebrough
Victor DUbols ••••£• N \, TvU > ,
Professor Crusty J- B. Southard
Mrs Cru«iy E - •**• Harrls
Junk M - H - Schwartz
ft 11 1 * L. L. Greene
Anna Maria:::: J. W. S. Butler
A memorable feature of the day will be j
the religious services in the churches.
Masses will be solemnized in all the Cath
olic churches. In the Protestant and
other houses of worship there will be a j
sacred observance of the day.
At St Marys Cathedral high mass will .
be celebrated promptly at 9 o'clock and a
short address will be delivered. I
At St. Ignatius Church the Gentlemen s
Sodality will hold special services in hon
or of deceased members of the organiza
tion. They will also embody in the pray- i
ers and the mass offered up for the repose
of the souls of their departed associates
special prayers appropriate to Thanksglv- <
ln fn many of the churches the services !
will be concluded this evening with the j
rosary and benediction. _; , - ,
At the Bush-street Temple Thanksgiv- |
ing services will be held at 11 o'clock. An j
interesting address will be delivered by
Rabbi Myers. •:-.- ■■"; :"•■
Extensive preparations are being made
by the Mothers' Club of the Young Men's
Christian Association to entertain young j
men away from home. The guests of the
institution will gather in the parlors of |
the building at 4:30 o'clock. Dinner will be !
served at 5 o'clock, and will be presided
over by Mrs. B. C. Wright. Grace will be
said by Rev. Dr. Hemphill. Tables will
be reserved for representatives of the
Young Men's Christian Association of
Stanford University and the State Uni
versity. It is expected about four hundred I
young men will be entertained. This even
ing there will be a home gathering at the
building.
Among the many charitable dinners that
will be tendered the poor of the city prob- \
ably the most happy and enjoyable will be !
that given this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock
under the direction of the Sisters of the
Holy Family at the Children's Day Home,
at Hayes and Fillmore streets. Turkey
and good things galore will be handed
around to the little ones, and everything
will be done to make the day a pleasur
able memory.
All the former pupils of the Youths' Di
rectory are invited to attend a turkey
dinner at the old home on Howard street.
They will be addressed on the occasion by
Rev. Father Crowley, who will briefly out
line to them the meaning of the observ
ance of the day. Immediately after the |
dinner the boys will write to former asso
ciates now in the Philippine Islands. Many
of those who were here last year to enjoy
the hospitality of the home are now serv
ing under the stars and stripes with Ad
i miral Dewey In Manila Bay. The dinner,
which Is to be given in the morning, will
be followed by a game of baseball in the
afternoon.,
The San Francisco Fruit and Flower
i Mission, as usual, will give a dinner to
j day to the needy poor. Stores of good |
j things have been sent to headquarters
■ during the week and will be served with
I profusion at the rooms of the mission,
| where the tables will be erected to accom
! modate scores of poor men, women and
children.
A grand entertainment and social will
j be given this evening in Masonic Hall, j
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues. South |
San Francisco, for the benefit of All Hal- i
lows Church. A carefully prepared mv- i
sical and literary programme, with spe- !
! cialties by W. J. Hynes and other artists,
| guarantees a delightful entertainment. A
i short programme of dances will follow.
Refreshments will be served in the din
ing room adjoining.
Thanksgiving services will be held by
the Congregations Emanu-El and Sherith
Israel at the synagogue of the latter, cor- j
ncr of Post and Taylor streets, at 11 I
o'clock a. m. The Rev. Drs. Voorsanger j
and Nleto and Cantors Stark and Davis
will participate. Dr. Voorsanger will de- j
liver the oration. The public is invited j
to attend.
Solemn high mass and thanksgiving will
be sung at 8 a. m. at St. Dominic's
Church. The choir will be under the di
rection of Rhys Thomas and will consist
of the following artists: Mrs. P. W.
McGlade, Miss Clara Atkins, Miss Lena
Gore, sopranos; Mrs. Harry Clark, Mrs.
Madden, contraltos; Messrs. Rhys Thom
as and Robert Stantini, tenors; Robert
Lloyd and Charles Schwertfeger, bassos.
The organist for the occasion will be
James Hamilton Howe.
In addition to the luxury of. turkey and
other good cheer the votaries of sport
will be in their element, as many a good
programme has been arranged for rendi
tion this afternoon. Among these will be
the presentation of several good matches,
at the coursing parks and other resorts.
At Ingleside two dogs, lowa Girl and
Lady Gilmore, strangers on the coast,
are on the card, and great things are ex
pected of them. The prizes aggregate
$460, of which X 125 has been appropriated
for the first ' prize, $7. i for the second. $40
for each of the two following, $25 for each
of the four following and $10 for each of
, the eight following-. The entries were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 24, 1898.
FOOTBALL TEAMS
IN BATTLE ARRAY
The Blue and Gold and the Cardinal Are Now on Tiptoe for the
Referee's Signal.
Stanford. California.
SMiffc 6 L E 3 ©WOMBtE (
■ A'.ri RUSK © LTR '© PRINCLE 3r»
dol£ '*• JAMES ©LC R€> ATnERN ® SMITH
TOnEf\V'MußPnrao B^GLOW @ C ° CoßNlsri " * Q THANE OKAARSBURG
BLANC HARD© R G L © GRUSBLHG* HALL
© MALI.
Clinton @ wilson 0 r t l @-wniPPL£\ iv
...** PAflttEß- 0• a L L © CRAIG
CAPTAIN HALL READY FOR
A BARD, FIERCE GAME
In speaking for my team I will
say that there is hope and confi
dence in every one of the eleven. I
know that we will have to play
a hard, fierce game to win out. We
are not overconfident and do not
underrate the ability of our oppo
nents. I know that Stanford will
place a team in the field that will
be strong and courageous. If we
should win I think the score will be
a small one. Victory Is our end and
not a stone will be left unturned
in the struggle for it. The rest has
put us In fine shape with not a sick
man on the team. This is the cul
mination of over two months' train
ing and everything has a bright
hue for the blue and gold eleven.
At any rate I think we have an
even chance.
Partly cloudy Thursday;
"resh to brisk northwest
vinds.
Weather Prophet Hammond burned in
cense upon his Aeolian altars yesterday
morning at the express request of the
football players. Their prayers were an
swered by a favoring god, whose oracular
COACH CROSS' MEN ARE
IN SPLENDID CONDITION
The season is over and the two
teams are ready to go on the field.
The trip to Congress Springs has
certainly done the boys a great
amount of good, and they are in
splendid condition. The improve
ment in the play is noticeable and
everything looks well for the
cardinal. I cannot form any esti
mate of the comparative, strength
of the two elevens, and consequent
ly cannot say which team will
prove the conqueror to-morrow.
If determination will win for us,
then the Stanford eleven will have
another victory to add to its list.
The line is ordinarily strong and
the backs are good, average men,
playing together in much better
style than a few days agn. There Is
really nothing more to say before
the battl? to-morrow, the result of
which will prove the superiority of
one of the college teams over the
other and carry with it the cham
pionship of the State.
limited to thirty-two. Following is the
programme:
A M. KellriKK"" Lady Gllmnre vs. A. Maa
sey'B Llghtfoot; P. Brophey's Benl<-la Hoy vs.
H Muleaster"* Lass o' Gowrie: White Earth
Kennel's Lottie M vs. Rartet Brothers' Mind
Your Eye; E. J. Holy's Pastime vs. White
Earth Kennel's Koubrotte; John Eagan's May
flower vs J. H. Burfeind's Royal Prize; A.
Massey's Hadiwiet vs. H. R. Baldwin's For
get- Lowe & Thompson's Patria vs. P. J. O.
Kenna's Fear Not; J-nrkey & Rock's Liberty
Bell vs J. I. O'Brien's Stateman; P. J. G.
Kenna's Flyine Buok vs. Hartel Brothers
Rest Afsure-d; John Eagan's Billy Gladstone
vs George Smarts Sllkwood: James Pean s
Moondync vs. Russell & Wilson's Lady Her-
Kohel- P J G Kenna's Fox Kenny vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Prince Hal; E. M. Kelly's
lowa Girl vs. H. A. Deckelman's Old Glory.
H A Deckelnmn's Glen Roy vs. Handy &
Pmlth ; s Victor; P.J. G. Kenna's Lawrence vs.
A Van den Hursh's American Eagle; James
Dean's Brilliantine vs. James Sweeney s Nancy
Among the principal attractions at Glen
Tark the Mission Zoo. will be the rifle
"hooting by Lillian Smith, the champion
rifle shot of the world; a balloon ascen
sion and parachute jump and an excep
tionally fine vaudeville performance.
Special matinees will be given at all
the theaters, followed by performances In
the evening.
IN OAKLAND.
Charity to Benefit by the Collections
in the Churches.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 23.
Thanksgiving day will be observed in
Oakland as follows: At the First Meth
odist Church there will be union servfees
for the churches in the central portion of
Oakland, commencing at 11 a. m.
The collection from this service will be
divided between the Associated Charities
and the Ladies' Relief Society
The Church of the Nazarene. the Feniel
Mission, the Adelphi Hall Mission and the
Watchers' Mission will hold union serv
ices at 10 a. m. In the Church of the
NN TT Z o-morrow evening Mrs. Booth-Tucker,
wife of the commander of the Salvation
Army in the United States, will deliver an
address at the First Presbyterian Church
on the social and spiritual work of the
organization. Colonol Lewis and Colonel
Evans will be present and the Pacilic
Coast staff band and a women s sextet
WTheSUl?r^AmeHcanW The SU l?r^AmeHcan- Methodist Church
will hold union services at the A. M k.
Church on Fifteenth street, near West.
Rev Dr. Allen will preach.
The German Thank.s B iving servlcPswH
be held at the German Methodist Church
on Seventeenth street, near San Pablo
aV Th 1 c le protestant Episcopal churches will
hold their Thanksgiving exercises in
Trinity Church, comer of Telegraph and
Caledonia avenues. Rector James Hulme
will preach.
L.ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, November 28.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 77 hours from
BtffiT Point Arena. Hansen, 14 hours from
Kendoctoo. BAILED .
Wednesday, November 23.
Stm" Coqull'.e River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Schr La Chllena. Matsen, Fort Ross.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Ftmr National City, from Grays Harbor,
Nov 23 — Nov 20 at it a m while steaming down
the bay at Grays Harbor noticed a wehooner
Inside the breakers with flag at nalf-masl.
Steamed toward her and found It to be the
schr Maid of Orleans lylne becalmed with a
-trLiip obb tide running and a very heavy sea
also. Spoke her and the captain said he had
lost both anchors and chain, also his Jibboom.
and was In danger of drifting on south spit.
Just then a squall sprung up and he refused to
tow and pulled down his flag. Half an hour
later he hoisted It again and I gave him a line
and towed him to a safe place In South Bay.
prognostications announce fair weather
for the day. In isometric thermals the
prejudgment is northwesterly winds, with
sky occasionally overclouded. Translated
this means fair weather, and the enthu
siasts are happy.
The last conference of coaches and
managers took place at the Palace Hotel
last night, the object beln£ to come to
some conclusion in regard to the interpre
tation of the rules. All matters were de
cided satisfactorily. Harvey is to be um
pire and Goodwin Is to be referee through
out the game.
In a few hours the two elevens that
have been in training for three months
will meet on the Recreation Park grid
iron in the final struggle of the football
season. California pronounces herself in
fine shape, and Stanford gives an echo to
her voice. All that remains now is the
signal for the clash of arms and the bat
tle of IS9B will be ushered in.
Packing their tents quietly and secretly
the Stanford team, with its retinue of
enthusiasts, sidled out of Congress
Springs yesterday morning and started for
San Francisco. They traveled by stage
to Mountain View and then boarded the
flyer, which arrived here at 4 o'clock.
The eleven is now quartered at the Pleas
anton, where it will remain until the
game to-day. As its arrival was not ex
pected until this morning the cardinal
did not receive much of a welcome upon
entering the city. This as just what the
managers desired, however, as they did
not wish any rally or peace-disturbing,
thinking it would be to the team's advan
tage to remain quiet and unseen.
The Stanford eleven looks to be in the
best of health, and in the full vigor of its
physical strength. Not a man Is injured,
with perhaps the single exception of Free
man, but his injuries are not severe
enough to prevent his playing. All the
others are anxious for the fray, and all
that troubles their equanimity is a desire
to be in the midst of things.
California's team will not leave Berke
ley until this morning. The men will come
over on the tug Reliance and go at once
to the St. Nicholas, where they will re
main until the nour of the game. No re
ception, welcome or rally will mark their
arrival at the hotel for the same reasons
that induced the Stanford directors to
conduct the team to this city under the
cover of a surprise.
There is, of course, no way of telling
just how the cat is going to jump, but In
all athletic events the betting generally
indicates the direction in which the ma
jority of people think the cat may make
up her mind to move. If the odds given
rule the predictions of the wise, or to be
more correct. If the knowing ones give
odds as a result of their predictions, then
California will certainly go on the field
to-day a favorite over Stanford. The
boys from across the bay sent $1700 over
to the city early this week. Charley New
man wa.s" commissioned to get it on. but
up to last night had only placed $300 of
the amount and that at It) to 8. with
Stanford on the short end. When the un
dergraduate body from Palo Alto arrives
this morning th<> botting may liven up un
der the excitement usually attendant on
a big game. The men from Stanford will
have no difficulty in getting their gold
covered whenever they show its color.
The public has made California the fa
vorite and the public controls the bet
ting. Coach Cochrane said last night that
it was a foolish wager for any man to
offer more than even money on any team.
ROSSER ON TRIAL
FOR HIS LIFE
FOTJB WITNESSES TELL OF HIL
DEBRAND'S MUEDER.
The Prisoner Was Smiling When He
Seized Young Walsh by the
Shoulder and Fired the
Fatal Shot.
Private Walter Rosser of the Tennessee
Volunteer Regiment, who on September
13 last murdered Henry Hildebrand in the
Spreckels Market, was placed on :rial foi
his life before Judge Wallace yesterday.
The youthful prisoner appeared in court
accompanied by his aged father and coun
sel, W. H. L. Barnes.
During the morning session of the trial
a Jury was secured to determine the fate
of the young defendant.
Four ' witnesses were examined during
the afternoon session— C. W. Foster, Wil
lie Walsh, John F. Baxter and George
Bayford. All saw the shooting, but the
most interesting testimony was given by
Baxter. He saw the murderer enter the
market, pass along among the people ani
accost young Walsh. He was smiling
when he grasped Walsh by the shr.ulder,
said the witness, and was apparently
looking for anything but a human life.
He heard no conversation between "he
murderer and his victim, but saw Rosser
suddenly reach into his pocket, draw his
revolver and, still holding Walsh by the
shoulder, lean over the counter and fire
the fatal shot. He then started toward
the door in the rear of the market, but
turned and sent another bullet crashing
through the wall on the other side of the
building. He then fled, fell down the rear
steps of the market, got up again anr!
continued his flight until apprehended at
the corner of Stevenson and Third streets.
All the witnesses gave testimony to the
same effect. None were able to throw the
least light on the possible motive for the
crime. The prosecution contends there
was none; that Rosser went out to kill
THE BABY MYSTERY SOLVED
W. B. Hayward, the Father, Owing to Poverty,
Cave the Two Scavengers a Dollar
to Bury It Decently.
THE mystery of the newly born babe
that was discovered on Monday
among a heap of garbage at the
crematory has been solved and the
labors of Detective Dillon and Policeman
Bakulich are at an end. Yesterday after
noon W. B. Hayward, a waiter living at
oil Franklin street, accosted Policeman
Baxter and told him that he was the
father of the baby. Hayward was ac
companied by Dr. V. '. Knorp, 121S Mis
sion street.
Baxter took them to police head
quarters, where Hayward told his story.
He said his wife gave birth to the aby
last Monday morning about 1 o'clock, Dr.
Knorp attending her. The baby was
stillborn, and as he was poor and had not
enough money to pay an undertaker,
when the two scavengers came around
about noon he gave them the body and
CAPTAIN FISHER EXPECTS
STANFORD WILL WIN
The Stanford eleven is in fine fet
tle and will give a goood account
of itself in the big game. We have
improved in team play during the
last week and the team has got to
gether for united play. We will
play football that is full of deter
mination and the California eleven
will know that it has been in a
game when the Whistle blows at
the end of the second half. I think
we have a fair chance to win the
game and I know that the tea.m
will do all in Its power to effect
the desired result— another Stan
ford victory. It is the intention of
the Stanford eleven to play clean
football and I feel sure that Cali
fornia will do the same. When we
line up to-morrow the public will
Bee a game of ball which will be
full of spirit and determination.
That Cochrane has won the affections of
the California team is without dispute.
Never has a coach received such evidences
of the good will of students at the L ni
versity of California. Last Sunday he was
presented with a pipe handsomely deco
rated and now comes a further memento
of California's appreciation. Cochrane re
ceived a split-second watch, open face,
with gold case, from the student body last
night and he is the happiest man in four
counties. Still with all his exuberance of
feeling and kindliness toward the men
of the blue and gold, with whom he has
been associating during the past months,
it is impossible to drag out of him an op
timistic prognostication of the game
which will be played to-day.
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
COACH GARRET COCHRANE
PROUD OF HIS TEAM
Tt may appear strange, but I have
never called a football game in my
life, and I fear to venture a pre
judgment of the intercollegiate con
test to-morrow between the Uni
versity of California and Stanford.
I can say this much, however: The
California eleven is In splendid
physical condition and is capable of
playing good football. I have given
my most earnest efforts to the
building of a team, and unless
something unexpected happens I
feel satisfied that the blue and gold
athletes will give a good account
of themselves on the field. The
condition is certainly there. In order
to win the team will be forced to
play fierce, spirited football and not
slow up for a single minute. The
morrow will tell the tale— whether
the blue and gold flag or the car
dinal will wave triumphant.
and accomplished his purpose the first
time a suitable opportunity presented it
self. The case will go on again this morn
ing.
The Adjutant Generalship.
The story wired from Los Angeles yes
terday to the effect that Governor-elect
Gage had announced an intention to ap
point Colonel George Stone adjutant gen
eral of California caused some comment in
political circles.- Colonel Stone desires the
statement to be made that the dispatch
did not emanate from himself or his
friends and that It was sent without his
or their knowledge. Further than this.
Colonel Stone asserts that he has made no
application for the office and that all ef
fort in his behalf in this direction has
been made by his friends.
SECRET SERVICE AT
THE CALIFORNIA
Scenic artists, stage carpenters, electri
cians and costumers by the score are al
ready on their way in the preparation of
I a new production for William Gillette's
] "Secret Service," which is announced for
' presentation at the' California Theater
\ next Monday night. A duplicate set of
"effects," which have been in storage at
New York, are already on the way to this
city and will arrive Monday morning, and
j will be utilized on Monday night. The
j seats for the California Theater engage
ment of "Secret Service" are to be ready
: to-day at the box office of that theater.
j Persons holding seats for the Baldwin
i Theater can have same exchanged at the
I California Theater. :;'
» ♦ «
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
. ♦ ■ .
The Governor-Elect.
Governor-elect Gage will leave Los An
geles at noon to-day and arrive in this
' city to-morrow morning. He will attend
; the launch of the battle-ship Wisconsin
i Saturday morning.
The U. C. Football Team will be at Odd
1 Fellows' Hall to-night. •
$1 on their promise that they would bury
it. He particularly asked them not to
take it to the crematory, and they prom
ised not to do so. He read in the papers
or the arrest of the two scavengers, and
on the advice of Dr. Knorp decided to
surrender himself. He had been a waiter
in the Baldwin cafe. Dr. Knorp cor
roborated Hayward's * statement th»it
the child was stillborn, .but he knew
nothing of the disposition of the body
The two scavengers, Joseph Rossi arid
Antonio Brignoli, were taken before riay
ward and he identilied them. They had
been denying to the police that they knew
anything about the body, but when con
fronted by Hayward they admitted get
ting a dollar from him to bury It. They
were locked up in the prison until it can
be seen what charge can be brought
against them. Hayward was sent home
as the police acknowledge that no charge
can be made against him.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
thanksgiving day store, closed —
no ¥ ember 24, 1898.
on this great day of thanks we
voice the sentiments of millions
when we say this is the most
glorious thanksgiving we ever
could celebrate : the cause of
humanity has won: we are a
united people — stronger, nobler,
better, for the year 1898.
art department art needlework
suggestions for presents and materials ; we supply every requisite for those
for home work In long evenings: '. who work In silks, wools and other
I fancy work.
hand embroidered photo frames, «IJfsl . .  ,_, . , *it
gr, c to . «DO handsome handkerchief, glove and tl«
cases of silk, ribbon, plush and linen
hand embroidered suspenders-a hand- embroidered; very rich; «jj«
some present for gen- $LA ELfl * *P**
tlemen. In all shades.. <p-*.OV hand embro i dered BOfa cushlonBi black
pincushions. $1 to $4 satin with California 4I» Ift # (\f\
v poppies or red roses. <JJ»CF»vFvf
hand embroidered sets of three pieces j
—pincushion and two bottles, for denim cushions, tops embroidered
dressing table in "my ladles 1 bou- with ribbon ruf- CIO flfl
doir," per set Cg gQ fles, *" 50 to €J>l^,»\J\J
. ............. __. ' every possible assistance given 'to
pair hand painted toilet <£Tf> 'Xfl those starting; art work; hints and
bottles €P^«tJvr color cards free.
937=947 Market St.
Hale '$ goods are "good goods."
SWELL SWINDLER
FROM THE SOUTH
RUN TO EARTH
Victimized Firms in
Eastern Cities.
GOT HIS WORK PLANNED HERE
NEGOTIATING FOR IMMENSE
SUPPLIES OF WINE.
Represented Himself as an Agent of
the Argentine Republic and
Big Steamship Com
panies.
Amadeo Horace, a native of Chile, who
has been victimizing a number of promi
nent people in the leading cities of the
country, was arrested here yesterday by
Detectives Bgan and T. B. Gibson and
taken to police headquarters. When the
detectives reached the corner of L.arkin
and McAllister streets Horace made a
break for liberty. He dashed up Ash
avenue.the detectives following and blow
ing their police whistles. Policeman €.
Green happened to be leaving the Cen
tral station at the time and he soon over
hauled the fugitive.
In New York Horace assumed the name
of Robert Alberto; in Baltimore, Robert
Redeschi; in Chicago. Robert Armenino,
and in this city A. Ragglo. "He made his
a-ppearance in New York about three
months ago, representing himself as an
agent of the Argentine Republic sent
there to purchase cannon and small arms
in secret on account of the troubles be
tween the republic and Chile. He put up
at a first-class hotel and soon succeeded
in swindling Frank K. Cace. a shipowner
of Baltimore, who happened to be visit
ing In New York, out of $f>oo by pretend
ing to buy a ship from him. He also got
$300 from'M. Piva of the firm of Etienne
Givernaud & Bro., silk merchants. Green
street New York, by pretending to be
able to build eawmllls for him in Argen
tina. These were only two of his many
In "Baltimore he represented that he
was there to purchase steamers for the
Argentine Republic, and In Chicago he
was the son of Robert Armenino, a
wealthy merchant of Genoa. Italy, and
was to start a branch of the business
there Ho arrived here about ten days
a KO and soon got to work. He entered
into a contract with President Sbarboro
of the Italian-Swiss colony to supply him
with 8000 barrels of wine, to be shipped
to Argentina, and negotiated with \Ml
frld B Chapman, commission merchant,
for a vessel to carry the cargo. He also
contracted with » Severns of Sonoma
County and C. Carpi & Co., Sacramento
street, for large supplies of wine He
sought an Introduction to Irving M. Scott
of the Union Iron Works and entered
into negotiations for the building of a
large steel steamship.
Chief I>ees learned of his work through
a copy of the Italian edition of the New
York Herald of November 12, which Inti
mated that he was heading for this city.
The Chief placed himself in comunica
tion with the swindled firms and others
and satisfied himself that the man was a
fraud after he personally ascer
tained that he had arrived here
Then he put Detectives Egan ana
Gibson on the case, with the result of the
swindler's arrest. He admitted to the
Chief that he was a swindler, but at pres
ent the chief does not know what *o do
with him fts he has not done anything
here to place himself within the meshes
of the law. He will be detained till it is
seen whether he is wantedjn the East.
Horace says he was born in Santiago,
Chile, and that he is 31 years of age. He
was educated in the Polytechnic College,
Genoa. Italy, and was an engineer ana
draughtsman.
Card of Thanks.
Mr and Mrs. W. H. Burk of 3944 Nine
teenth street wish to return their most
sincere thanks for the many expressions
of regret and for the extreme kindness
manifested by a large circle of sympa
thizers during the illness cause d by the
thanks ™it is impossible to acknowledge
personally eachvkit made. Their son is
progress! moat favorably.
Parent Evans Must Pay.
Justice Kerrigan decided yesteru >
that Saloonist John M. Evans of X Ms
street should pay more money for the
had been technically adopted by Evans
and that It SuM Inherit his property.
Seats for the D. C Football Farce at
Odd Fellows' Hall on sale at the box
office.
(A
GREAT SPECIALS FOR 3 DAYS.
Hams, per Ib ------ lie
Finest EastPrn
Sugar-cured. ,
Regular price, 12V£c.
Kona Coffee, Ib - - - - 25c
That well-known
Hawaiian :>rr>duct, •
roasted or ground.
Regular price, 30c. , ' : <
Malt Whiskey, bot. - 75c
"Royal Brand."
For medicinal and family use.
Regular price, $1 00. ; ... ;V
Asparagus Tips, tin - lOc
Make delicious salads.
Regular price, 15c.
Eastern Buckwheat, 55c
The best In the land for buckwheat cakes.
Regular price. 75c.
French Peas, tin ■-*■■« Isc
Small young peas of thla
year's pack.
Regular price, 20c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
21 STOCKTON ST., ! 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. i Telephone Weft 152.
Dressing for Thanksgiving Day
a man is a little fastidious about his
appearance, and wants the nicest-look-
ing shirt he can find in his dresser. It
is sure to be there on time if we
launder it, and with a beautiful color
and careful and perfect finish. Cuffs,
collars and shirts done up here cannot
be competed with in color and finish.
The United States. Laundry, office
1004 Market street : Telephona'
South 420.
| HrNDRK^A°S F PRETTT l
I CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. I
H' SEND FOR BOOKLET. FREE.
I /'<*( When Folks
I f/\\ "Have Company" I
E K U THEY LIKE TO PUT I
P D CX ON A FEW "EXTRA > M
| TOUCHES" TO MAKE 1
1 THE ROOM LOOK INVITING. BUT I
% NOT EVERYBODY CAN AFFORD IT I
I IF THATS YOUR CASE TRY US. " ..
I For Thanksgiving Comfort.
I 4-Day Special. Beginning V §j
I To-day, Oak Sideboards, $9.00 I
1 Mirror J. Ow»UU:
I J. NOON AN,
M Complete House-Furnisher.
H 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST. [
K - Above Sixth. •
H Phone South 14. Open Evenings. '
tvi.it DR. JORDAN'S **•**
jglgß Museum of Anatomy
IptfiX 1051 ST. tat. 6th* 7th, 3.?. ZiL
a » 'I : The L«rgf»toflt» kind In the World.
\ tfrn&\ DR - J° RDAN — Private Diseases.
iWWi/ Comultatton frte. ITrlte for ><•«*
1\ | $ Philosophy of Marriage. ■
t * A mai LtD rust.