VOLUME LXXXXV.-NO 98.
MASS OF HUMANITY
TORN AND MANGLED
(\ Crowded Electric Car
Crushed to Splinters
by a Fast Train.
Nearly Two Score of Young People
F^eturQiQg prom a Pic Qic Meet
a hjorrible Death.
COHOES, N. V., Sept. s.— An ap
palling disaster occurred in this city
to-night. Shortly before 8 o'clock a
trolley car of the Troy City Railway
Company was struck by the night
special of the Delaware and Hudson
at a crossing at the west end of the
Hudson River bridge, whicn connects
the city with Lansingburg, and its
load of human freight was hurled
into the air. Eighteen of the thirty
five passengers are dead and at least
ten of the remainder will die.
The cars entering the city from Lan-
Blngburg were crowded with passengers
returning from a labor day picnic at
Rensselaer's Park, a pleasure resort
near Troy. It was car No. 119 of the
Troy City Railway that met with dis
aster. It came over the bridge about
7:30 o'clock laden with a merry party
of people, fresh from the enjoyment cf
the day.
The crossing where the accident oc
curred is at a grade. Four tracki of
the Delaware and Hudson Railroad,
which runs north and south at this
point, cross the two tracks of the trol
ley road. It was the hour when the
night boat special, a train which runs
south and connects with the New York
boat at Albany, was due to pass that
point.
Tracks of the street lines run at a
grade from the brL'-"e to the point
where the disaster took place. In con
sequence of this fact and a frequent
passing of trains, it h**s been the rule
for each motor car conductor to stop
his car and go 'irv.ard to observe the
rr, Hr~nd tracks and signal his car to
proceed, if no trains are in sleut. It
cannot be ascertained whether that
rule was complied with on this occa
sion, for all events prior to the crash
are forgotten by those who were in
volved.
TV" motor car was struck directly in
the center by the engine of the train
which was going at a high rate of
speed. The accident came without the
slightest warning. The car was up< :i
the tracks before the train loomed in
sight, and no power on earth could
have saved it. ' motorman evidently
saw the train approaching as he reach
ed the track, and opened his control
ler, but in vain.
"With a crash that was heard for
blocks the engine struck into the light
er vehicle. The effect was horrible.
The motor car parted in two, both sec
tions being hurled into the air In
splinters. The mass of humanity, for
the car was crowded to overflowing,
was torn and mangled. Those in the
front of th<=> car met with the worst
fate. The force of the collision was
there experienced to the greatest de
gree, and every human being in that
section was killed. The sceDe was hor
rible. Bodies had been hurled into the
air and their headless and limbless
AGUINALDO YET
PLANS RESISTANCE
Refuses to Disarm Insurgents Un
til the United States Guaran
tees Permanent Protection.
Special Cable to The Call and the Herr York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808
by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Sept. 5. — General A^uinaldo is recruiting
troops, and his men are busily emp -yed in building
trenches. In explanation of this war! : .ke attitude, the in
surgent leader says he is preparing for resistance in case the
island should be returned to Spanish rule. The general
says he is willing to disarm the insurgent army if the Unit
ed States guarantees permanent protection.
The rebels will hold a conference this week, delegates
from each evince having been appointed.
At G^- eral Aguinaldo's new headquarters at Malolos
the repor s confirmed that the rebel leader has consolidated
divers i irrectionary parties in the northeast provinces,
thus giving him an additional force of 5000 men and control
over the entire northern end of Luzon. The insurgents con
tinue building intrenchments on the north side of the city.
They also hold the water works in their possession, which
fact carries with it a serious menace to the Americans, in
view of the approaching dry season.
The insurgents have captured every Spanish position on
the bay, with one exception, and are strengthening them
selves everywhere in the interior. Aguinaldo desires to make
a strong case before the meeting of the Peace Commission
in Paris, and will hold his party together if possible. The
task is fraught with difficulty, while each small leader has
set himself up as a rival power.
The San Francisco Call
trunks were found, in some cases, fifty
feet from the crossing.
The pilot of the engine was smashed,
and amid its wreckage were the maim
ed corpses of two women. The pas
sengers of the train suffered no injury
except a shock. The majority of the
passengers on the trolley were young
people. They included many women.
Within ten minutes after the colli
sion fully a half of the population of
the city was surging about the vicinity
in an endeavor to ascertain if relatives
were among the unfortunates.
The injured were taken to the City
Hospital and to the Continental Knit
ting Mill, the former not having sultt
cient ambulance service to care for
them all.
The corpses were placed in boxes
and taken to a neighboring mill shed.
Many of them were unrecognizable.
The crash was frightful in its results.
Headless women with gay summer
dresses bathed ! n their own and the
blood of others; limbs without trunks
or any means of jdentifying to whom
they belonged; 'women's and men's
I with crushed and distorted fea
bodies crushed and flattened,
sights constituted a spectacle
horrible to behold,
train of the Delaware and Hud
oad, immediately after the acci
proceeded to Troy. The engineer
I that he did no* see the car un
was upon it. He tried to pre
his train from striking the car,
s efforts were fruitless. His train
was going at a very high rate of speed
at the time. He was some minutes late
and was trying to make up lost time.
Ronsequence of the caution taken by
trolley road to ascertain if the
ks were clear at this crossing, the
neers of trains have always felt
in running by at a high rate of
speed.
The engineer says that the first he
knew that the car was coming' was
when it hove in sight at the corner of
the street at which the crossing is situ
ated. He was but a short distance
from the car at the time. It was ut
terly impossible for him to bring his
train to a standstill. He thinks that
the motorman, when he saw the train
was upon him. tried to get beyond the
danger line. The grade of this cross
ing and the speed at which his car was
going also made it impossible for him
to- stop before he reached the tracks.
It was the front end of his car that
was caught and crushed, and he was
killed outright.
The following bodies were identified
up to 1 o'clock: Archie Campeau. Co
hoes; James Temple, Lansingburg; Ed
ward Barney, Mrs. John Craven, Miss
"Kittle Craven, Joseph Sense, Nellie
Sweet (15 years old), Mrs. Edna McEl
roy, Mrs. John W. Sutliff, Mrs. James
Taylor, Miss Addie Craven, James
I Llnez, Mrs. Ellen Scaw, John Tim
| mins. all of Cohoes.
The injured are: Isaac Shaw, Co
hoes, skull fractured; George Ankers,
Cohoes, injured internally; John W.
I Sutliff, Cohoes, head cut and ribs
j broken; Miss Lizzie McElroy, Cohoes,
; leg broken; Miss Izennesse, Cohoes, col
! larbone fractured and several ribs bro
| ken. She had a baby in her arms. It was
crushed and will die. Emma Deva
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
WILHELMINA, WHO WILL BE CROWNED QUEEN OF THE NETHERLANDS TO-DAY.
LOVING SUBJECTS
GREET WILHELMINA
THE HAGUE. Sept. s.— Queen "Wilhelmina and the Queen's mother started from this city to-day for Am
sterdam, where the enthronement will take place. Her Majesty was attired In a white satin gown, over
which she wore a white cashmere shawl.
AMSTERDAM, Sept. s.— Beginning at early dawn to-day vast crowds of people gathered in the streets,
which were lavishly decorated in anticipation of the entry of Queen Wilhelmina. The weather was bright
and trains from the provinces brought thousands of visitors to the city. The stands which had been erected
along the route of the procession were packed early, as was also the Damplatz. The route to the royal pal
ace was lined by thirty-five workingmen's unions and eleven military associations.
The Damplatz, the high bridge over the Amstel, the principal canals and the streets through which the
Queen was to pass were adorned with festoons and triumphal arches. All the houses surrounding the Dam
platz were literally enshrouded with gay draperies and natural flowers.
Queen Wilhelmina arrived at the railway depot in Amsterdam at 2 o'clock and was enthusiastically re
ceived. The Burgomaster delivered an address of welcome, to which her Majesty replied: "For a long time
past I have been looking forward to this moment, which is the most solemn of my life."
The Queen briefly addressed the various crowds assembled to welcome her. The Burgomaster's daughter
presented her Majest*- with bouiuets of orange flowers tied with mauve ribbons. The entire court, in car
riages, participated in the procession to the palace. A guard of honor composed of generals escorted the
royal coach. Six hours before the Queen arrived 200,000 people- had assembled in the streets and around
the palace.
Her Majesty ap
peared at the pal
ace at 3:30 o'clock
p. m., preceded
by thirty divi
sions, including
representatives of
the army and
navy, govern
mental and mu
nicipal officials
and Princes from
Holland's East
Indian colonies,
who came here
expressly to wit
ness the enthron
ing of the young
Queen.
The" royal coach
was of white, or
namented with
gold and drawn
by eight black
horses. Queen
"Wllhelmina, who
looked pale and
tired, bowed andi
waved her hand
kerchief continu
ally. In front of
ONE OF THE STREETS THROUGH WHICH THE ROYAL
PROCESSION PASSED.
shire, Cohoes, skull crushed; Mrs.
James Temple, Lansingburg, jaw frac
tured and injured Internally: Mrs.' Ira
Dewey, Cohoes. head crushed.
ARMORCLADS COMING
TO PACIFIC COAST
The lowa and Oregon Will Soon Be
Detached From the North
Atlantic Fleet.
NEW YORK, Sept. 6.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the fol
lowing: I learn to-day that two of the
armorelads attached to the North Atlan
tic fleet will leave within the next ten
days for the Pacific Coast. These vessels
will in all probability be the battleships
lowa and Oregon, which are now being
put in the best possible condition at the
Brooklyn navy yard.
The President will finally decide upon
his return to Washington. Reports in cir
culation here to-day indicated that the
vessels had been ordered to Manila, but
I am in a position to state they are un
true, and that It Is Intended to attach the
vessels to the Pacific station. There they
will be in such a position they will be
able to defend the Pacific Coast In case
of an attack by a foreign power or hasten
to the Philippines to give support to Rear
Admiral Dewey.
POISONED WHISKY SENT
THROUGH THE MAILS
Mysterious Attempt to Murder That
Is Similar to the Dunning
Case.
NEW YORK. Sept. s.— John Hills, an
ice-dealer of 84 Second street, his wife
and sister-in-law, Miss Mary Conley, have
been poisoned by whisky which had been
sent through the mail to the house. The
case in many respects is similar to the
poisoning of Mrs. Dunning and Mrs.
Deane by means of a box ef candy for
warded to them through the mails.
Mr. Hills, whose powerul frame with
stood the attack better than the women,
ran to Dr. Levendecker, who expressed
the opinion that they were suffering from
a powerful poison, either atroplne or bel
ladonna. Dr. Levendecker summoned as
WRECKED A BANK AND
REAPED BIG PROFITS
the palace, the
army and navy
were drawn up
in the form of
a great square.
The coach passed
along the four
sides of the
square before
drawing up at
the entrance to
the palace. A
few minutes later
Queen Wilhel
mi. a appeared
upon the balcony
and bowed re
peatedly to the
60,000 people who
approached the
palace waving
h a n d k erchiefs,
hats and flags.
Mean—hile many
bands were play
ing national airs,
chimes of bells
were ringing and
steam whistles
shrieking their
salutes to the
young sovereign.
sistance and also notified the police, and
after a while Mr. Hills and his wife were
pronounced out of danger. Miss Conley,
the doctor said, will probably die. Mr'
Hills says he has no enemies, and the po
lice are at sea.
FUSION IN WASHINGTON.
Democrats, Populists and Silver Be-
publicans Seek to Unite.
SEATTLE, Sept. s.— The conventions of
the Populists, Democratic and Silver Re
publican parties to meet at Ellensburg
on September 7 will attempt to nominate
a fusion ticket, as was done two years
ago. The offices to be filled at the fall
elections are two Congressmen and two
members of the Supreme Court.
Takes an Overdose of Morphine.
FRESNO, Sept. s.— Van Savage of Reed
ley died this forenoon at Reedley from
an overdose of morphine. He bought
fifteen grains of the drug yesterday and
took all but four grains. The Coroner's
jury found no evidence of suicide. Savage
had been addicted to the use of the drug.
He was a native of Indiana, aged 41 years
and unmarried.
Grave Charges Are Lodged
flgainst Government
Officials.
F^. S. Browne and C. M. Brune Ac
cused of Negotiating Stocl^
Ttyat Was Valueless.
Startling charges have been pre
ferred by D. P. Tarpey of this city
against two brothers in the employ of
the Government. One :is Robert S.
Browne, the Secret Service Agent of
this district, and the'other is known as
Clarence M. Brune, at present occupy
ing a position of responsibility in the
bond department. A letter was mailed
last evening to Hon. Lyman :D. « Gage,
Secretary of the Treasury, in which
Mr. Tarpey charges the brothers with
having financiered a bank to its ruin
and then used the worthless stock as a
means by which to defraud unsuspect
ing capitalists. Besides the charges
the letter contains a brief history of
the doings of the brothers— brothers,
although their names fail to indicate
the family tie— while together they
manipulated the machinery of the
Moscow National Bank at Moscow,
Idaho. The letter is interesting, and he
who makes the charges states that he
can prove them one and all, and has
unswerving _ intentions of so doing.
Here is the letter, charges and all:
San Francisco, Sept. 5, IS9B.
Hon. Lyman D. Gage, Secretary of the
Treasury, Washington. D. Sir: I beg
leave to. inform you that you have em
ployed in your department one Clarence
M. Brune. better known as C. M. Brune,
and Robert S. Browne, better known as
R. S. Browne. The gentlemen named were
directors of the Moscow National Bank of
Moscow, Idaho.' and were cashier and
president respectively of the bank. This
bank closed its doors on January 31, 1897,
and was taken possession. of the following
day by order- of the Comptroller of the
Currency. ; The affairs * of : the bank were
found in such a rotten condition that on
June 14, 1597, the Comptroller > ordered an
assessment of $100 per share on the entire
capital stock, the same being the maxi
mum i pmount allowed by law. : . -, , ;
t Messrs. 4Brune-an»VpßrowneAl; am in
formed; s are brothers, going under differ
ent names for reasons best •; known :to
themselves. . They I owned ! 500 1 shares out
of : the' 7so shares which comprised the en
tire stock :of the bank. . Sometime in the
summer |of 1896 ? Mr: \ Brune : left Moscow, '
Idaho, for Oregon and California,' to trade
or sell his own and his brother's stock.
He had a-. statement of ■ the assets - and
liabilities of the bank, which was' fur
nished the Comptroller ■of the Cv ency
ROBERT 8, BROWNE, Secret Service Agent, Against Whom
Grave Charges Have Been Made.
and I was dated July 14, 1896, a copy of
which I Insert herein, viz.:
Official statement*' of ', the " condition 'of ■ the
Moscow National Bank. Moscow, Idaho, fur
nißhcd to the Comptroller of the Currency of
tlie United States at the close of .business July
U ' 1856 . . •_ , HESOURCES :
Loans and discounts.. ...i.. ............. $136,661 12
United. States 80nd5..."..;. ..'.".. ......... 18.750 00
Real estate,. furniture and fixtures 46,300 00
Securities, warrants, etc....'..::.:...... ■ 14.01S 41
5 per cent redem. fund .......$ 843 75
Ca«h f^i::i::i::::::S.wiK
Due from banks 12,728 12-39,55105
' Total . ....7f.. ...:.........".... ....... 4255,281 68
LIABILITIES.. . , -
Capital stock .............................".$ 75.000 00
Surplus and undivided profits ..::....;.■ 3Q.351 00
Cumulation ....:::•••-.:.............:...... 16.5T5 70
Dvmana dep05it5 .;.;..:.......... 68.132 95
Time ! deposits r-r. ; . ; ..;.....:-. 74,653 40
L'ue other banks .".'. . . . . . .... : . 236 53
; •! Total ;;...".....•"-• ...:... .......1...5255,25l 5S
; If this was c- a;- correct statement the
stock of the bank would be worth about
$140 s per ■! share, i and as •■: the - average ti
zen •■ had ;an \ idea that '" the : Treasury De
partment fc regularly Inspected *; national
banks and did not permit rotten and mi
i solvent i banks :to' do '■■ business, Mr. \ Brune
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
was successful in disposing of a larga
lot of his and Mr. Browne's stock. They
succeeded in swindling a Mr. De Lash
mutt of Portland, Oregon, and th% re
ceiver of the defunct bank was persist
ent enough in his demands to sue Mr. De
Lashmutt for the assessment of the
stock. This case is reported in the
Eighty-third Federal Reporter, page 449.
If you will take the trouble to read the
case you will get an idea of the char
acter of the Messrs. Brune and Browne.
•I met Mr. Brune- here in San Francisco,
and he nearly succeeded in swindling me
out of a property worth at least $20,000,
as I relied on his representations jas to
the value of the stock, backed by the
supposition of governmental inspection
and control over national banks; — but: I
found '•' that I was leaning on a broken
reed. ■ • ■' . '■) l^< '■..
The bank, by Brune and Browne, its
cashier and president, ■ issued another
statement -of - the "resources" and "lia
bilities" on December 17, 1896, a copy of
which I insert herein, viz.: "; ; .
Report of the condition of the Moscow National
Bank, at Moscow, in the State of Idaho, at
the close of business, December 17, 1596.
RESOURCES.
Loans and discounts $122,549 68
Overdrafts, ■ secured and unsecured 4,146 68
United States bonds to secure circu
lation .' 18,730 00
Expenses and taxes paid 3.454 77
Stocks, securities, etc... 15,690 14
Banking house furniture and fixtures..' 40,000 00
Other real estate and mort^a^es
owned '• 4,600 00
Due from national banks not reserve
ag-ents ........ .....;.... 452 55
Due fpym State banks and bankers... 8,076 80
Due from approved reserve agents
Checks and other cash Items 21168
Fractional paper currency, nickels
-and cents ..... 70
Lawful money reserve In bank,- viz.:
Specie . •. $13,710 00
Legal tender n0te5............. 120 00—13,830 00
Redemption fund with the United
; States Treasurer, "5 per cent of cir
culation „ • 848 75
Total .... ..1........... .$232,640 71
LIABILITIES.
Capital stock paid in.... $75,000 00
Surplus* fund ............................ SO.OOO 00
Undivided profits ; j.'. .V. ... . .".:: .\ ..-«..,"- 4.296 4!
National Bank notes outstanding." 1 .... 16.57J, 00
Due to other National Banks..; ... 1.2C3 71
Dueto State Banks and bankers 727 68
Individual deposits . subject to check.. 32,913 87
Demand certificates of deposit .... 4.549 03
Time certificates of deposit 67.014 97
Total $232,640 71
■':■.■ ■ State of Idaho,
; I County of Latah, ss. .
I. R. S. Browne, president of the above
named bank, do solemnly swear that the above
statement is true to the best of my knowledge
and belief. R. S. BROWNE, President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of December, 1596. J. Q. JOLLY,
Notary Public.
Correct attest: •
J. H. MAGUIRE,
C. M. BRUNE.
A. J. GREEN,
Directors.
This last statement you will notice waa
signed, by both Brune and Browne, and
was sworn to by Browne as president, on
the 19th of December, 1596, about seven
weeks before the bank failed. This state
ment, if correct, would show the stock to
be worth about $145 per share.
The question that naturally suggests
itself here is, thnt the president and cash
ier must have known of the condition of
the bank all along, and how did they suc
ceed in getting the National Bank Exam
iner to make reports favorable enough to
allow them to continue business and swin
dle innocent people? YcflT'are the presi
dent of a national bank, and nobody
knows better than you do what the law
exacts from officers of national banks. If
the statements made here'n are true,
Messrs. Brune and Browne shculd hava (
been indicted and should now be In tho\
penitentiary, but they are not; they are \2
both In the employ of the Government,
Mr. Brune In the bond department at
"Washington, D. C, and Mr. Hrowue as
chief of the counterfeiting department of
the United States secret service! 12 Ap
praiser's building, in this city. An inves
tigation of the records of the Comptroller
of the Currency at Washington will'cor
roborate all I spt out here, and I trust
you will have, the same made. There are
many other villainous .transactions con
nected with Messrs. Brune and Browne
that investigation will lay bare, and I
stand ready to prove the same to you at
any time to your satisfaction. I have in
my possession a letter from C. M. Brune,
dated at Moscow, Idaho, January 27, 1597,
Just four days before the bank failed, an
extract from which is as follows:
I will have to hurry this to Ret in the mail
to-day. > Will pay that I hnve arranged with
the bank liore to take care of our <leal, and an
t >rr.-y to look over the abstract when it
comes, which I hope will soon reach here.
■ I start In a day or so for the Pierce mines
to look over some properties and will be gone
about ten days. I will return here and then
go .-t. so will be unable to go via San Fran
cisco. I might consider trading 100 or 150
more shares If you have somo Al property.
I? you will Fend me a full and complete de
scription with definite proposition for clear
property up to Bay 160 shares, I will make In
vestigation by telegraph through a friend of,
mine there, and give you a definite answer be
fore I leave for the East. Yours in haste.
C. It BRUKBL
This shows that four days before the
bank failed Mr. Brune was endeavoring
to dispose of more of his rotten stock.
I trust that the influence that placed
M sms. Brune and Browne in their posi
tions will not be able to keep this letter
from falling into your hands, so I send it
registered to you personlly.
Pi eltng certain that you have been mis
led in this matter, and that you will do
what is right, I remain, very respectfully
D. P. TARPEY.
"The motive which prompted mo to
draw up the qhargefl against Browne
and Brune cannot be misconstrued
and branded other than honorable
when the facts of the case are known,"
Bald Mr. Tarpey yesterday. "•In the
year 1^92 the Moscow Bank was incor
ted with a paid-up capital of $75,
000. The stock was divided into 750
BROWNE'S STATEMENT.
When Mr. Browne was confronted with the charges he was much taken
h back— first feieming surprise, then indignation. After he had recovered
his self-possession he made the following statement:
* So far as tho charges are concerned I will say nothing until J have con
sulted my attorney, as I have not had an opportunity to file an answer.
I do not know this man Tarpey, but admitting that his charges are true,
they have nothing to do with me whatever in my present capacity, as none
of them bear in the least on my official acts since my appointment as
Secret Service Agent.
shares of the value of $100 each. R. S.
Browne was one of the original incor
porators, and shortly after the bank
was placed in running order he sent
East and summoned Brur . Browne
t> ok the elevated position of president
of the bank and also appeared as a di
rector. Brune was cashier and direct
or as well. These positions they occu
pied until the bank, its affairs rotten
to the core, failed, and its business
was put in the charge of a receiver.
"Prior tn the failure of the bank an
ev<.-nt looked back to by the residents
of Moscow with a feeling akin to that
which makes the sons of Erin t-emble
when reference is made to 'tht )>;^
wind,' Brune left Moscow with his and
Browne' 8 stock. It was in the summer
of 1896 when the cashier of the institu
tion departed on his pilgrimage, and
the stock he carried he determined to
n.i le off or sell to whom he could, no
ter in how distant lands he dwelt.
Five hundred shares or thereabouts
were in his possession, and in hopes of
immediately negotiating it he came to
the metropolis of the coast, San Fran
cisco. Arriving her^ he immediately
opened up negotiations with several
capitalists, among whom were Edward
Byrne of Salt Lake and Mr. de Lash
mutt of Portland, Or.
"As a basis to carry on the traces he
proposed he had prepared the state
ment of July 14 — a most glittering ag
gregation of misinformation. The
statement of the bank, coupled with
CLARENCE M. BRUNE, Who, It Is Alleged, Negotiated the Stock
of the Insolvent Moscow National Bank.
the fact that it was allowed to run by
the Treasury Department, Immediate
ly allayed fears that might arise in the
!;iy mind. The restllt was, that through
the skillful misrepresentations of
Brune, De Lashmutt parted with prop
erty valued at $15,000, and in return -e
\ 140 shares of bank stock that
later proved to be worth just $100 a
share less than nothing, a minus re
sult hardly desirable. A trade was
also nearly clrrsed, if, indeed, it Is not
later decided that it was consummated
in entirety, with Edward Byrne, and
In return for shares of the bank stock
Brune received deeds to property
valued somewhere between $25,000 and
$.r>o,ooo.. r >o,ooo. The deeds were not delivered
directly to Brune, but were placed in
escrow in the Moscow Bank, pending
lhe arrival of a transcript of title from
Mexico, in which republic the lands
are situated.
' Tri'.r to the arrival of this tran-
Bcript the Bank <>f Moscow collapsed.
It? financial condition was a tangled
wreck, and an effort was made by
Byrne to recover the deeds left in es
crow in the bank, although it was un
derstood that the deeds were not to be
taken from escrow until the arrival of
the transcript from Mexico. Investiga
tion showed that the-- no longer re
mained in the vaults of the hank. They
had been taken Illegally. The stock ac
cepted in trade for the property was
sent to the Anglo-Californian Bank of
this city, and "was to be ta,ken from
escrow at the same time as the deeds,
but the wreck of the bank reached
Byrne's ears and he refused to accept
the worthless naper. The stock as far
as is known is still in the possession of
the Anglo-Californian Bank, where it
will, doubtless remain unless it is re
moved to be returned to Brune in the
event of a suit for the recovery of prop
erty is carried to a successful issue by
Byrne.
"Shortly after the failure of the
bank, as a natural sequence, a receiver
was appointed, in the person of W. H.
Stufttebaum. The affairs of the bank
were found by Comptroller Kckels to
be in such a rotten condition that it
was necessary to levy an assessment
Of $100 a share. This assessment the
receiver of the bank endeavored to col
lect by suit. The first suit was insti
tuted against De Lashmutt. He held
150 shares, and the assessment on them
aggregated $15,000. De Lashmutt an
swered, setting up the facts of the
fraud which had been perpetrated
upon him. The Government filed a de
murrer to the answer and the case
went to trial before Judge Bellinger of
the Circuit Court of Oregon. The Gov
ernment's demurrer was overruled by
the court, and the opinion overruling
the demurrer excoriated the perpetra
tors of the fraud. The court said, in
the introductory paragraph: 'One who
is induced by fraud to purchase stock
of an insolvent national bank, and
have it transferred to him on the books
of the bank, and who, upon discovery
of the fraud, takes prompt action to
rescind the contract, is not liable to as
sessment on such stock, except on be
half of persons who extended credit to
the bank, after the transfer, without
knowledge of the fraud.'
"In the closing parajyraph the court
held that in the case at bar the facts,
as disclosed by the separate defense,
show that De Lashmutt acted with
promptness upon discovering the fraud
that had been perpetrated on him, in
proceedings to disaffirm the contract
under which he took the stock, and he
brought suit to cancel that contract
and recover back the consideration
paid by him before this assessment was
! made; and It is not claimed that any
1 debt of the corporation was created be
tween the time of the transfer and the
, levying of the assesr-: .ent, so that, so
| far as the creditors of the bank are
; concerned, they have not been affected
iby the transfer to the defendant. No
i one has been prejudiced by what has
I been done. The rights of all persons in
j terested in the assessment made are
I precisely what they would have been
i had there been no transfer of stock by
Brows to the defendant. Under these
circumstances upon what principle of
justice, or of law, which is the em
bodiment of Justice, can De Lashmutt
be held to a liability on account of the
fraud by which he was induced to give
up a valuable property for certificates
Ol stock, which were not only worth
less at the time, but which carried with
them a large liability in favor of exist
ing creditors? The case is not differ
| ent from those cases where the action
i has been brought to recover the con
sideration agreed to be paid by the
transferee for the stock taken by him.
lln those cases the action has been
j brought either by the corporation itself
or by the receiver acting for the credi
tors of the corporation. In this case
the receiver has no greater right than
the corporation would have, suing in
its own right. The demurrer is over
! ruled.
"This decision settled the matter as
I far as the efforts of the receiver went
to collect the assessment from defraud- i
ed stockholders, and when the points In |
Issue again came before the court i
Browne and Brune appeared as defend- !
: ants in actions instigated to recover |
! the property they had illegally become
possessed of.
"In December, 1896, pending the con
] summation of the trade between Brune j
j and Byrne, Brune returned to this city '
j from Santa Uosa. A few days later he .
went to Moscow by the way of Port
i land, and I believe that it was at that ■
j time that he succeeded in completing \
, neeotiations between himself and Do I
1 Lashmutt. The result is told in the
! foregoing. Durln~ the period De Lash
mutt was endeavoring to regain his lost
property we were having troubles of
i our own in this city. But last month. !
: knowing that the litigation was either |
going or pending in Oregon in which j
: Dp Lashmutt appeared as plaintiff, I
I wrote to E. B. Williams, his attorney, !
informing him that I harl facts in my !
| possession which would materially as- i
: Pint him in establishing his claim. I I
j received an answer from the attorney !
j which stated that he was now trying !
> the case. The case was partly tried, j
but owing to a vacation, will not be de- I
! termined until next month.
"Returning from the Oregon end of
j the swindle to the local end I will state
| that when we found out the fraud
i which had been practiced upon us I
| endeavored to procure an indictment
! against Brune under the State laws.
j This was impossible, however, as the
statutes of the State provide that in
such cases real estate may be recov
ered by civil action. This, however,
doe 9 not end proposed criminal proce
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAJLL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
dure. 1 have placed the facts of the
swindle before United States District
Attorney Foote, Postal Inspector Mun
ro and Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorney Bert Schlesinger and
have been informed by them that the
offense committed by Brune is indict
able. The prosecution will be conduct
ed under the sections of the code pro
hibiting the use of the United States
mails for illegal purposes. Brune sent
several letters, copies of which I have
in my possession and the originals of
which I can easily procure, written for
the purpose of consummating the
swindle he perpetrated.
"Mr. Sehlesinger informed me that it
Is not necessary that a letter to be used
as a basis for such prosecution need
contain incriminating statements, but
if such a letter could, in any way, be
connected with such a swindle the of
fense of writing it and sending it
through the mails is indictable.
"Owing to this opinion of Mr.
Pchlesinger we have determined to
proceed, and have placed in the hands
of the authorities statements of the
facts, which we can prove. This state
ment will be reviewed by the Federal
Grand Jury this week, and in the
event an Indictment is found, and it is
safe to say that one will be, Mr. Brune
will be extradited from Wash
ington and placed on trial here for his
offense. The statement I have compiled
is, in part, as follows:
On August 20, 1896. Edward Byrne of
Salt Lake City, Utah, was the owner of
certain real property, situated in the State
of Durango, in the Republic of Mexico,
comprising some 83,000 acres, and known
as the Ranchos La Ciudad. El Jarro and
El Borbollon. The value of said property
was about $25,000 in United States gold
coin.
Being desirous of disposing: of this prop
erty, said Edward Byrne appointed D. P.
Tarpey and H. S. Krigbaum as his agents
to sell the same, and on the 20th day of
August, 1596. said Krigbaum, acting as
such agent, inserted in a dally newspaper
published in the City and County or San
Francisco, the following advertisement:
To Exchange— One of the best stock ranches
in the Republic of Mexico, consisting of 80,000
acres, well watered an<l timbered; no better
climate in the world; free ol incumbrances and
perfect title: value $20,000. • > T.," box 4967, Ex
aminer office.
In answer to this advertisement Clar
ence M. Brune sent a letter, addressed
"T.." to box 4957. Examiner office, in
which letter he requested the person in
serting said advertisement in said paper
to let him know where they could meet
and discuss the exchange of said prop
erty, and giving his address as 1206 Mar
ket street. Said Krigbaum thereupon
sent a messenger to the above address,
requesting Mr. Brune to meet him at
room 07. Chronicle building, and there dis
cuss the matter with him.
On the following day Brune called at
room 07, Chronicle building, where he met
Tarpey and Krigbaum. He thereupon
proposed to trade some other property
he claimed to own in Santa Rosa for
Byrne's Mexican property. He also
i that he owned some stock in the
Moscow National Bank, of Moscow, Ida
ho, which stock he claimed was worth
$140 per share, and was paying dividends
of 6 per cent per annum; he claimed that
t lie stock mentioned was gilt-edged stock,
and that the bank was in a solvent and
prosperous condition, and stated that if
Byrne was not willing to trade his' Mexi
can property for tho land in Santa Rosa
he (Brune) was willing to trade some or
his stock for said property.
Brune also stated that he was the
cashier and a director of said bank, and
that he would not think of trading any
of his stock were it not for the fact
that his wife was sick and had to leave
M iscow. He showed Krigbaum and Tar
p< > a printed statement of the condition
of said bank, issued by the bank in July,
which statement he said was the
last which had been issued by said bank.
Krigbaum told him that they would
consider his proposition and look up the
Banta Rosa property. Several days
thereafter Brune called at room 67, Chron
icle building, while Krigbaum was not
there and left the following note:
Mr. Krigbaum: Have you looked up my
Santa Koea property or bank stuck yet for
that Mexican deal? 1206 Market street.
Within a week after their first meeting
Brune again met Krigbaum by appoint
ment at room G7, Chronicle building, Tar
pey also being present for a part of the
time. Krigbaum told Brune that they did
not desire to trade for the Santa Hosa
property, but that if the bank stock was
as Brune had represented they wore will
ing to trade for that; that the Mexican
property was worth $20,000, at least, and
that they would take $20,000 worth of
good bank stock for it. Brune thereupon
repeated the representations he had for
merly made as to the quality of the stock j
and the condition of the bank, claimed
that he owned a couple of hundred shares,
and said that he was willing to give 140
sharps for the Mexican property. Krig
baum told him that they would not take
any less than 200 shares for the prop
erty, but Brune said that the most he
would give was H~> shares, and he left
before any conclusion was reached.
Tarpey and Krigbaum thereafter decid
ed not to accept hrune's offer, and Krig
baum Font the latter a letter, stating that
they had concluded not to accept the
stock. Nothing further was done until
November 25. 1896. On that day Krig
baum wrote a letter to Brune at Santa
Rosa, asking him if he still had his bank
stock, and stating that if he had, Krig
baum had a new proposition, which lie
w< uld like to discuss with him when ho
(Brune) returned to San Francisco.
Brune then came down to the city and
had a conversation with Krigbaum, in
which he said that the value of the stock
was much increased since their last in
terview, and that he would not consider
the proposition contained in Krigbaum's
letter of November 30, but that he would
give 150 shares of said stock for Byrne's
Mexican property. Krigbaum told him ho
would consider this proposition, and
Brune returned to Santa Rosa.
Upon Brune's return to the city, on De
cember 9, the proposition to trade the
Mexican property for 160 shares of the
capital stock of the Moscow National
Bank was agreed to by Krigbaum, Brune
agreeing to pay the expenses of the trans
fer of the property, not to exceed the
sum of $150. Brune at this meeting stated
that the bank owned the property on
which it stood, which property he said
was worth $30,000. The parties agreed to
meet on Saturday morning. December 12.
is?r,. to complete the transaction, and
Brune requested that the papers be got
ten ready by that time.
Brune called at room G7, Chronicle build
ing, at 2 o'clock, according to agreement,
but as the deed to the property was not
ready it was decided to postpone the
transfer until the following Monday.
Brune requested that a power of attorney
be secured from the Mexican Consul,
which he (Brune) would send to some
person In Mexico for the purpose of per
fecting of record his title to said property.
He also requested that an abstract of title
be prepared, and said that the title papers
and deed to the property as well
as the certificate of stock might remain
in some bank In San Francisco, until the
abntract should arrive, when the deal
could be completed.
Krigbaum and Tarpey then ordered a
power of attorney to be prepared by the
Mexican Consul, and Tarpey wrote to J.
S. McGaughan, Durango, Mexico, to pre
pare and forward him an abstract of
title to the Mexican property.
Brune did not keep his appointment to
meet Tarpey and Krigbaum on Monday,
ON TRAIN, December 15. 1896.
H. S. Krigbaum Esq., room 67, Chronicle
building, San Francisco — Penr Sir: I am sorry
that I was unable to see you before I left, but
1 only received word to go to Moscow at once,
as my testimony was Imperative In some case,
Just before train time. My leaving will, how
ever, not, I hope, seriously Interfere with our
deal farther than a few days' delay. I shall
take this matter up at once, hy putting a
srarchrr c,n the records down there, and mid-
Ing papers with InFtructlons to some Pan
Francisco bank, which I shall advise you. I
may have time in Portland to do so, but
hardly think I shall, as I only have a short
time there. Will take it up Immediately on
my arrival at Moscow. I don't think time will
be any longer, as I would have to be advised
of the title anyway.
Hoping that you will not be seriously Incon
venienced, I am, yours truly. C. M. BRUNE.
Address until January, Moscow.
"This was the first letter of many re
ceived by Krigbaum from Brune through
which the deeds to the Mexican property
were placed In escrow in the Bank of
Mosecw. only to bo illegally removed,"
Kakl Mr. Tarpey, "in January of 1897."
The following letter, closing the series,
was received:
MOSCOW. Idaho. January 27, 1597.
H. S. Krljrbaum Esq., San Francisco— Dear
Sir: I will have to hurry this to get It In the
mail to-day. Will say that I have arranged
with the bank here to take care of our deal
and an attorney to look over the abstract when
it comes, which I hope will soon rench here.
I start In a day or so for the Pierce mines to
look over some properties, and will be gone
about ten days. I will return here and then
go East, so will be unable to go via San Pran
cluco. I might consider trading 100 to 150 more
shares, If you have some Al property. If you
will send me a full and complete description,
with definite proportion for clear property ud
ADMISSION DAY JOINT COMMITTEE.
*-> ISO shares, I will make investigation by
telegraph through a friend of mine there and
give you a definite answer before I leave for
the East. Yours in haste.
C. M. BRUNE.
This was the last letter received from
Brune. On February 1, 1597, four days
after it was written, the Moscow National
Bank failed and closed its doors and sus
pended business and payment, and a re
ceiver was placed in charge thereof, under
the Federal laws. Said receiver found tho
bank In an Insolvent condition and the
stock worthless, and on June 14, 1897, an
assessment of JluO per share was levied
on said stock by the Comptroller of the
Currency of the United States.
The last letter is believed to be, even
though others had not been written, suffi
cient grounds for the prosecution of
Brune. and It will be used as evidence
against him in event he, as a defendant,
appears before the courts.
HOW BROWNE AND
BRUNE ARE BROTHERS
A Loving Mother-in-Law Accounts
for the Difference in Their
Names.
That Robert S. Browne and Clarence
M. Brune are brothers, and brothers who
love one another very dearly, was ac
knowledged last night by Mrs. Tuttle,
who is proud of the fact that she is the
mother-in-law of Clarence.
"I do not know much about either of
the boys," she said, "nor do I know much
of Clarence's past history. I am his moth
er-in-law, but I have tried to be a good
mother-in-law, so 1 never asked any
questions. I know that he is the dearest
boy on earth, and has always been a very
loving and devoted husband.
"How is it that he and his brother go
under different names? Why, that is the
simplest thing in the world to explain.
When he graduated from Harvard he had
a longing for histrionic glory, and under
the name of Brune went on the stage. Of
course, he 'was a success on the stage,
and it was while playing in Montana that
he met my youngest daughter, who was
then with the Fronmans. They fell madly
in love with each other, and on their mar
riage both decided to quit the stage, al
though they had been very successful.
"Through friends at court he received
an appointment in service of the Govern
ment, where he has been very success
ful. T am as proud as proud can be over
my handsome son-in-law, and don't you
think I have a right to be?
"About Robert I do not know so much.
I know that his work has always been
very satisfactory. I hear that through
my daughters, but as I believe in attend-.
Ing strictly to my own affairs I know
very little about him. He calls to see me
frequently, but never talks about his past
life or affairs, and 1 have n<'ver taken the
trouble to ask him. I am sure if I did he
would tell me unreservedly, as both boys
are so frank and honest. He is deeply at
tached to Clarence, whom he speaks of as
his 'baby brother.' because he is the
younger of the two. I don't think the
Government has two agents in its service
Who are more honest, efficient and con
scientious than 'my two sons' as I always
rail them, and I am fondly looking for
the day when they will rise to positions
even higher than those they now hold and
worthy of their ability."
"Did either of the boys ever live in
Idaho?" was asked.
"Well, now really, that is something I
don't know, strange as it may seem. As
I said before, I attend strictly to things
which immediately concern me, and I
don't even know where their home was.
"As to the difference in their names,
that is an everyday occurrence. The greal
majority of the people who go on the
stage chanpr- their names, and Clarence
just thought it would be too much
trouble and too confusing to his friends
to go back to the original Browne, so
he Kept it Brune. Browne is awfully
commonplace, anyway, and Brune is a
little more distinguished."
Mrs. Tuttle is well known in this city,
as she has lived here over thirty years,
and considers herself a pioneer. She is
the owner of old Tuttle Hall on Bush
street, where the Society of Old Friends
was organized many years ago. She is
the mother of three daughters, all of
whom went on the stage, but are now
married and living in the East.
HOW THEY WORKED
A PORTLAND MAN
Ernest de Lashmutt Tells How He
Traded Valuable Land for
Worthless Stock.
PORTLAND, Sept. 6.— Ernest de Lash
mutt of Portland, when seen to-night,
says he has made no charges against
Browne, but does not deny that he may
do so at some future time. De Lashmutt
charges that in 1896 Browne and Brune
looted the First National Bank of Moscow
by disposing of all the securities for lands
in California and Mexico and then offered
him its management if he would take $15,
000 of the bank stock.
The investment appeared all right, as a
representative of the Treasury Depart
ment pronounced the bank in good condi
tion and De Lashmutt took the stock,
trading for it 360 acres of valuable land in
Washington County, Oregon. Shortly af
ter his arrival in Moscow the condition of
affairs became apparent and Immediately
following was an assessment ordered by
the Hank Examiner of 100 per cent on the
stock. The assessment was not paid
either by De Lashmutt or any other stock
1 holder, and the doors of the institution
i were closed.
De Lashmutt returned to Portland, and
■ shortly after began suit, first in the
; Washington County and afterward in the
! United States Federal Court, for the re
j covery of his Washington County land,
! on the ground that the deed was given
I under false representations. The case is
1 still pending, all decisions thus far having
i been in De Lashmutt' s favor and the evl-
I dence indicating that he was victimized.
De Lashmut is the son of Van B. de
Lashmutt, formerly Mayor of Portland
and known all over the Northwest as a
racehorse and mining man.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugpists refund the money if it falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
Woman's Press Club.
The Pacific Coast Woman's Press Club
will hold its eighth annual convention to
day and to-morrow in Golden Gate Hall,
Butter street. Business sessions, for mem
bers only, will be held each day at 10
a. m., and open sessions, with literary and
musical programme, at 2:30 p. m. To
morrow evening at 8 o'docV Senator
George C. Perkins and General W. H. L.
Barnes will discuss the question of the
United States retaining the Philippines;
there will also be a patriotic poem recited
by Nellie Holbrook Blinn, cornet and
trombone bolos by Misses Pearl and
Maud Noble, and other interesting feat
ures. A general invitation has been ex
tended to the public.
PREPARING
TO INVADE
SAN JOSE
Features of Admission
Day Parade.
THE LADIES TO THE FORE
NATIVE DAUGHTERS PROMISE
TO CAPTURE ALL HONORS.
Hundreds of Girls in Fetching Attire
Will Be the Center of Attrac
tion in the Big Pro
cession.
There Is going to be something doing;
down San Jose way the latter part of the
week in which the Native Sons will figure
to a considerable extent. They expect to
be the center of attraction, but they will
not, for several hundred Native Daugh
ters are going along, and naturally the
boys will be in the discard when the girls
break into the game.
Every one of the twenty-two parlors in
San Francisco and the six across the bay
are making the most elaborate prepara
tions for the Admission day celebration.
This has come to be known as Native
Sone' day, but in truth ought to be called
Native Daughters' day, for the ladies
have become the most attractive part of
these annual celebrations of the State's
birthday.
This year they are going to outdue even
themselves, and those who witness the
big parade in the Garden City next Fri
day will be astonished at the original and
beautiful effects prepared by their daugh
ters, wives, sisters and sweethearts. Now
there is L<a Estrella Parlor No. 89. for in
stance. The members of this parlor have
already participated in two celebrations,
on both occasions carrying off the honors
of the parade. They have arranged a
masterpiece for this year with which they
expect to retain their enviable reputa
tion. In accordance with their name the
starv.always plays a conspicuous part in
their designs, and this year they have
been peculiarly happy in selecting an em
blem appropriate to the occasion.
"The Star of Peace" will be represented
by twenty young ladies comprising the
drill corps of the parlor. It is safe to say
that nothing more beautiful and original
has ever been displayed anywhere. First
of all there will be a cr stalllzed star fif
teen feet from point o point borne by
five of the girls, the othe~ fifteen radiat
ing from thp star at the ends of long
white satin streamers. In the center of
the star, which is being constructed at
San Jose by E. H. Pratt, will be a large
crystallized cannon, from the mouth of
which radiates a sunburst of doves. One
is perched on the stilled dog of war, an
other is nestling just inside its mouth,
while five' more are taking flight, each
bearing a letter In its beak forming the
word "Peace."
The girls will be dressed alike in white
organdie, white ties, stockings and
gloves, and wearing on their heads pure
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTHING BUT BARGAINS.
About as straight as we can put it. You'll notice our ads are different
almost every day and yet the things talked about are less than anybody
else asks or advertises, and they are good, too. They go quickly, 100 pairs
of blankets put in the window will go in a day or two. Why, because they
are as good at $2 50 as others sell at $5, if not better. See them if any left.
The fine ham| we offer at 11 cents are the leading make of the city. We
put them In {comparison for price and qualit'- wit:, any ham In any market
in the world.
ARRIVED.
Little Gents' Shoes 75c, $1,25
These are the cutest and best shoes for
little boys' Sunday wear, say from 6 to
10 years, in the market, sizes 9 to 13.
ALSO
Ladles' fine kid buskins, low shoes fI.OO
Ladles' finest box calf, lat» style 55.00
Lace and congress, old ladles' style 1.50
Dark Dresses 45c
These are for little folks, 2 to 6 years,
but we have complete lines Just here,
for either winter or summer, large
enough for chlldern of 12 to 14, at a little
higher price.
Crackers, per box 50c
When you want crackers at wholesale
price in single box lots and fresh every
day, come to us.
Flour, per bag 90c
This is not a cheap common flour, but
our high grade family flour, the Snow-
ball, fully guaranteed $3 50 a barrel. See
the window for Sperry and other high
grades at $1 00 a sack.
Salt, per bag 2 cents
This Is not common cooking salt, but
fine white table salt, such as you pay
more for at credit stores.
5-CENT BARGAINS.
1 Tracing Wheel, a very good one Be
1 bottle Flavoring Extract 5c
1 Rood Tooth Brush for children 5c
1 child's Picture Book, 10-cent one 5o
1 box 25 Moth Balls 5c
1 infant's Shirt, open front, to 1% years 5c
1 pair infant's black wool Hose 5c
1 family Butcher Knife. 15c kind 5e
1 nice stamped Doylle to embroider 5c
white doves. Each will carry a silver
wand tipped with a silver star. The par
lor will have its own headquarters in the
offices of Dr. Bangs, S6 North Third
street, San Jose, and will receive its
guests in royal fashion. Fully fifty mem
bers will accompany the drill corps in
line, and if those girls do not fracture
the heart of every male spectator along
the line the moon will forever ci/use to
cist its rays upon the Wabash.
Then there are Minerva No. 2 and To
semite No. 83. The ladies of these par
lors will march together and have decided
not to make any special feature with their
drill corps. They will all be attired in
white Swiss (In sses, stockings and ties,
white Galnesborough hats and carry
white parasols tied with red. white and
blue ribbons. On their breasts they will
bear cream badges with the names of
their parlors and trimmed with the na
tional colors. Any man who wouldn't fall
in love at sight with a Native Daughter I
clad in Huch a costume ought to be shot j
for treason.
Sequoia No. 160, Native Sons, has stolen
a march on its rivals by securing til? co
operation of Fremont No. 59, Native ;
Daughters, and with the aid of the ladies 1
hopes to carry off such honors as will be
bestowed upon the men. Sequoia has
chartered a Pullman car, which will be
attached to the special train leaving this
city for San Jose at 9 o'clock on the even
ing of the Bth, immediately after the
night parade. At the jubilee celebration
prizes were offered to the parlor parading
the largest number of members and the
largest percentage of its membership. Se
quoia captured both prizes, but was only
awarded the latter, the committee decid
ing that it was not intended that one par
lor should have both. That year it turned
out 160 men, but it expect! to have a
greater number in line Friday. The par
| lor has secured Belloli Hall for its head
1 quarters at San Jose, and there its mem
bers, assisted by the daughters of Fre
mont Parlor, will keep open house all day.
In the evening they will give a dance in
their hall independently of the grand ball
of the joint celebration. In the parade the
twn parlors, headed by Sequoia's band of
sixteen pieces, all being members of the
parlor, will march in column of fours,
I two ladies and their escorts in each rank.
The plrls will be dressed in white duck
dresses, white ties and white straw hats.
The men will wear white duck trousers,
blue flannel coats, neglige shirts and
white yachting caps. All will carry Jap
anese parasols.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29 has com
pleted its arrangements for the celebra
tion. Preceded by a drum major and
band of twenty-five pieces in the parade
in this city, as well as in San Jose, and
led by Marshal F. S. Craumer. the parlor
will undoubtedly be one of the most con
spicuous in the parade, especially as their
banners and regalias are the finest in the
order. This parJor won the prize for the
largest, number of members in line at the
jubilee/celebration, and will make a gal
lant effort to hold its station in the com
ing Admission day parades. For head
quarters in San Jose the parlor has se
cured A. O. U. W. Hall, 152 South First
street, together with the elegant ladies'
parlor and banquet room. A collation
will be served the members of the par
lor Immediately after the parade on the
9th and from 2 until 5 o'clock the mem
bers will hold a reception, at which re
freshments will be served to the guests,
while the votaries of Terpsichore may
pass the time in dancing. The committee
having charge of the arrangements are:
James T. Bailey, David Wilson, Charles
11. Connell, Judge J. J. Sweeney and
Thomas C. Conmy.
These are merely samples of what will
be displayed on the 9th. There are
twenty-two parlors of Native Sons in this
city and six In Oakland and vicinity, all
of which will be well represented. In ad
tion the three parlors of San Jose, those
at Redwood City. Mcnlo Park. Palo Alto,
Watfionville, Santa Cruz and many other
points will be in line, together with the
Native Daughters.
The men who are responsible for the
success of the celebration a"re as follows:
Charles E. Mooser. chairman joint 9th
of September committee; Eupene W.
Levy, vice-chairman; Robert W. Mart
land, secretary.
Transportation— William H. '"la 'ell, L
F. Byington. D. C. Martin.
Parade— William C. Miller, W D. Shea
J. W. Kentzell, Joseph E. O'Do.nell, Paul
McDonald.
LET-UP JPRICES.
Blankets, per pair . . . .......... .45
These" are not sold for all wool— they are
simply meant to be, and are the best ■
blankets in town for a little bit of
money.
w!fh y iy 's Uyr l Blankets Callfornia.?«.so
o"!v- b ondlke Blankets, all-wool. OO
8-lb. ; Klondike Blankets, all-wool...;;;; 4!oo
This is the month to buy heavy blankets.
Boys' Overalls . . . . . . ......... . . 25c
- The war Is over and we are closing out
25 a cen°ts " ttle boyS> Mllltary Overalls at
»v cents.
Flannel Shirts, Men's 30c
• We have nothing- to "say about these, but
the price. Net a store on the Coast offers
such a Shirt : for less than 75 cents, • if .
: at that price. For two days only.
Ask for a little boy's Winter Cap... Oc
Ask for boys' wool Half H05e...... 4c
Ask for a Library . Book, bound ........15c
Ask for alO-cent package Mince Meat.:...: 5c
Ask for men's working Qloves .35e
Ask for fine, Hosiery forchildrf 15c, Ssc
Ask for. Klondike Cook Book with order. . . :
Ask for Croley's Egg s Record Book with order.
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., S. F.
Finance— James P. Dockery, L. H.
Kohn, F. H. Mills.
Printing— L. Nonnenmann, W. E. Mc-
Creery, H. N. Gard.
Music— Gen rpe H. S. Dryden, D. Vf4
Dopdy. J. Hennings. '
Press— Robert W. Martland, Fred W.
Lees, J. M. Han ley.
Hotels— A. L. Morgenstern, C. H. Con
nell. Henry Sagehorn.
Advertising— ft. I. Mulcrevy, J. H. Glas,
H. G. Dinkelspell.
Decoration— Hen F. Woolner, P. V.
Lonar, Leo Veiller.
Loud Indorsed.
The Thirty-sixth District Republican
Club of Ocean View held a nutting at 226
Sadowa street to ratify the nominations
made by the Republican Plate Convention
at Sacramento, M. F. Taylor in the chair.
The following resolutions were adopted:
Resolved, That we, the members of the
Thirty-sixth District Republican Club of
Ocean View, Endorse School Director Ed
L. Head for Sheriff, and the clul. is here
by pledged to work for his nomination.
Whereas, Eugene F. Loud while in Con
gress has served his constituents faith
fully and honestly; therefore be it
Resolved. That we Indorse Eugene F.
Loud for Congress in the Fifth Congres
sional District, am', we pledge the club to
work for his nomination.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!^J^^i!lESar*?"^' i^ the maiden's
fv V ) I^^iS^vlftJ' i" 3 - There are
)// rr^ £$&%£&s■ thousands of
• c y yft/]w§| young women
jJy^^A 13/ MM neec * a fairy
theni with the
j?" r^^S^^^® wand of health.
f fii»"i'i and become a'
healthy, wife
and a capable mother, if she will but take ;
the proper care of herself in a womanly
way. Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription is
the best medicine for ailing women, young
or old. It strengthens and invigorates the
organs distinctly feminine. It promotes
regularity of their functions. It allays ir-
ritation and inflammation. It checks un-
natural and exhausting drains. It puts the
whole organism concerned in wifehood and
motherhood into perfect condition.
Almost rill of the ills of womankind are
traceable to »orae form of what is known as
" female complaint. " Troubles of this kind
unfit a woman for wifehood and mother-
hood. Thousands of grateful women have
been rendered healthy and happy by the
• use of this marvelous medicine. At their
own request, the experience and testimony
of many of them have been included in Dr.
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
The "Favorite Prescription " is sold by all
good dealers And an honest dealer will not
try to induce you to take an inferior substi-
tute for the »ake of extra profit.
Mrs. G. A.. Conner, of AUeghany Springs,
Montgomery Co., Va., writes: "My daughter,
aged 15 years, had a goitre coming on her neck
and it disfigured her very much. lam happy to
1 say that it nas disappeared after the use of one
j bottle of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription."
In paper covers, 21 one-cent stamps; cloth
binding, 10 cents extra. Dr. Pierces Com-
i mon Sense Ms dical Adviser. Address Dr.
I R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Treat
Schilling's Best tea well. ;
, ; Don't boil it like cabbage.
Follow directions. -^i,;;;^'
Ely's Creai'Bailip^
Cleanses the Nasal ' Mc^WftcS^fS
Passages, fillays Pain W**' C< *o3L .* "tAD 1
aoa Inflammation, - KjJWEVEft W»tf $^k
Restores tlje Senses of is*.' '*/§&&
Taste arjd Sroell.' Sip' *<>Jrii!&
HEfiLS THE SORES. %* S _-§M
Apply Balm Into eaoh nos- HH| -^-Sa^ls
till. ELY bkos " 56 Warren tWw^^l
St., N. Y. •: • » «!*^\ v ><S g '* l =V^
q visit DR. JORDAN'S G «»«t
fssk Museum of Anatomy
/plril Sos!KASaiOT.bet.6th*Tth,S.r.OiL
6 «JLI Tbe of JUklndla tJieW«rl4.
■$m,\ DR JoRDAN Private Diseases.
Al "if n. CoDisltatloa free. Writ* tor Beak
%A ! of Carriage.
« U HAILED PREK. ' *
SXAXETVVEINX
OF THE ■
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
MANHATTAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1897, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $250,000 00
ASSETS. * ,
Cash market value of all stocks and -'
" bonds owned by company $641,115 00
Cash in company's office 223 70
Cash in banks 36,908 90
Premiums in due course of collection 108,843 SO
Cash deposited with Guarantee Trust , -
and Safe Deposit Company, Phila-
delphia a» oo
Total assets $785,291 10 .
LIABILITIES. ;
Losses adjusted and unpaid....... 1 ... $15,223 60
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense 57,885 79
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 10,222 42
Interest declared and remaining un-
paid ..... - 695 78
Outstanding lnt^rest-bearlngr receipts 11,001 70
Due and to become due for borrowed ■• «
money — 100,000 00
All other demands against the com-
pany ...... • 152,»91 43
Total liabilities 1367.320 71
. . INCOME.
Net ■ cash actually received for fire
premiums ....;....; $466,828 X
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, str>cks, loans . and from
all other 50urce5...................... a,» 78 00
Received for profit on sale of bonds. 9,343 1J
Received for excess payment Broad-
way Insurance Company...; 54 87
Received for Increased capital....... 25,000 00
Total Income ....:....... $524,204 35
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In- ■■
eluding $74,307 42, losses of previous
years) ....:..... $382,699 »7
Scrip redeemed in cash. 5,519 21
Dividends to stockholders.... 28,423 07
Paid or allowed . for commission or
brokerage 103,935 03
Paid -."for salaries, fees and other
charges for fleers, < clerks, etc — 87,67154
Paid for State, national and local
; taxes .'...;........-............... '26,811 7J
All other payments and expenditures. : 67,719 11
Total expenditures -"—" — $702,579 65
Psa ■■■■ r P. b. ARMSTRONO. President.
! . H. F. NEEFUS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 17th
day of February. IS9S.
:-.;• JOHN T. KIRK, Notary Public
E.W. S. VAN SLYKE,
mANAGER
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
MILLS BUILDING, San Francisoo.SENTENCE OF
DREYFUS MAY
BE ANNULLED
Fears Exist That a Retrial Might
Reveal Some Awkward
Facts.
Speculation as to Why General Zurlinden Ac
cepted the Portfolio of War— Cabinet
Crisis Not Yet Settled.
PARIS, Sept. s.— The crisis in toe
Cabinet is not yet regarded as definite
ly settled. Both M. Brisson and M.
Cavaignac are believed to be playing
for the Presidency of the republic and
it is thought M. Brisson is growing
Jealous of Cavaiernac's increasing pop
ularity.
The latter, owing to his superior so
cial qualities, is supposed to stand the
best chance, and it was with a view
of securing the support of the army
that he stood out against revision.
Opinions differ as to how the latest de
velopments affect the situation.
There Is a rumor to-night that Gen
eral Zurllnden. the new Minister for
War, will advocate a mere annulling
of the Dreyfus judgment and sentence
as a safer way out of the imbroglio
GENERAL ZURLINDEN, FRANCE'S NEW MINISTER Of WAR.
than a retrial involving all sorts of
awkward revelations.
Whether or not this be true, there is
much speculation as to how President
Faure induced General Zurlinden to
ADMISSION DAY FEATURES
ELABORATE PROGRAMME HAS
BEEN ARRANGED.
Parade on the Ninth "Will Be the
Finest and Largest Ever Seen
in the Garden
City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. s.— The decoration
of the city for the Admission day eel-
ebration will commence to-morrow
morning. A few of the business houses
began the work to-day. No expense
is to be spared and across every street
and from all public buildings bunting,
flags and signs of "Welcome" will be
displayed.
The various parlors are getting ready
to receive the visitors. The joint re
ception committee, of which A. F.
Hoehner is chairman, H. H. Briggs sec
retary and A. J. Hart treasu/er, has
been especially active. The other
members of the committee are Mes
dames M. Shale, Durkee and Nonie
Lake, Misses Brohaska, Campiglia,
Desimone, McDeod, Belloli and Pierce,
and Messrs. W. E. Parkn.an, I. I*
Koppel, W. H. Carmichael, Sa,n Mar
tin. M. Doerr, L. C. Koberg, W. J.
Boschken, T. Monahan, H. H. Hern
don, J. P. Sex, W. L. Biebrach and W.
T. Barnes.
This committee has arranged a fine
programme of entertainment, and those
who visit this city during the celebra
tion will not be disappointed. In brief
the programme is as follows:
Thursday evening— Reception of visit
ing parlors, with short parade and fire-
Friday— Grand parade of Native Sons
and Daughters in the morning, followed
by literary t-xercises and reception at
Courthouse; local parlors will receive
guests at their headquarters; bicycle
races and baseball at Cyclers' Park. In
the evening there will be a grand ball at
Turn Vorein Hall.
Saturday — Bullshead breaxrast in morn-
Ing at Agricultural Park and baseball at
Cyclers' Park in afternoon. There will
also be a regimental drill by the Eighth
Regiment.
Sunday— Clam bake at Alum Rock;
baseball' game and other sports in after-
noon.
The advance guard of the visitors Is
expected to arrive to-morrow. Twenty
flve parlors of Native Sons and thirteen
parlors of Native Daughters have en
gaged quarters for the celebration,
making a total of fully 4000 members.
Besides theee there will be at least 2000
other members of the order present.
San Jose has arranged to royally en
tertain 20,000 visitors, and it is esti
accept the war portfolio after twice re
fusing it. _
ZURLINDEN ACCEPTS
THE MINISTRY OF WAR
PARIS, Sept. 5. — General Zurlinden,
Military Governor of Paris, has ac
cepted the Ministry of War, in succes
sion to M. Cavaignac, resigned.
General Zurlinden was a member of
the Hibot Cabinet, which went out of
office In 1895. His decision to accept
the war portfolio was communicated to
President Faure.
After long: conferences with the Min
ister of the Interior, M. Brisson, and
Minister of Justice, M. Sarrien, Gen
eral Zurlinden was interviewed by a
newspaper representative. The Min
ister of Justice, the general said, asked
for the Dreyfus dossier. When these
were given him he added he would
study the documents carefully and in
form himself thoroughly regarding the
case before discussing it with the
Cabinet.
mated that fully this number will be
present.
The parade will be the finest and
largest ever seen in this city. It will
be composed as follows:
Police; grand marshal. W. A. Gaston; chief
of staff, 11. M. N. Spring; chief aid. D. C.
Martin; aids to grand marshal— Nell A. Mc-
Conachy, H. I. Mulcreavy, S. A. Hopkins C
A. Bnldemann, T. C. Hogan, A. J. Hart, A.
R. Underwood, H. F. Butts, T. W. Lenzen A
L. Mcr B enFtern, W. A. Miller. L. W. Julllard.
F. Mordecal, J. E. Barry; gTand president and
orators of the day.
First division— Marshal, P. E. Zabala; aids-
Ben Davis, A. J. Johnston: Fifth Regiment
Hand; grand officers. N. S. O. W.; district
deputy grand presidents; California Parlor
Second division— Marshal, D. A. Ryan- aids-
George B. May, Miss Lucinda Hernandez. R
P. Doolan: Marine Band; grand of fleers, N. D.
G. W.: Buena .Vista Parlor, N. D. G W •
La Estrella Parlor, N. D. G. \V.; Minerva Par
lor, N. D. G. W.; Yosemlte Parlor. N. D. G.
W.; Joaquin Parlor. N. D. G. W.; San Jose
Parlor, N. D. G. "W.
Third division — Marshal. J. S. Williams;
ldß r G^. E i de Golla - T - w - Hobson; Piedmont
Band; Piedmont Parlor No. 120: Piedmont Par
lor, N^ D. G. W.; Pacific Parlor No. 10: Oro
F tno Parlor, N - D G. W. ; Golden Gate Parlor
No. 29; Twentieth Kansas Band; Mission
Parlor No. 2S; San Francisco Parlor Drum
Corps; San Francl*co Parlor No. 43; Pioneers;
Mayor and Common Council; Board of Super
visors; Vendome Parlor. N D. G. W
Fourth division— Marshal, T. A. K. Fassett
aids—W. E. O Connor. Milton Besse; Oakland
Band; Oakland Parlor No. 60: Blanchard's
Band; Stanford Parlor No. 76; Alameda Parlor
No. 47: Alameda Parlor. N. D. G. W • El Do
rado Parlor Drum orps; El Dorado Parlor No.
52: Orinda Parlor, N. D. G. w ; Mount Tamal
pals Parlor No. 64.
Fifth division— T. A Lane- ald»—
Frank H. Mills. J. E. Hancock: Rl^con Bandl
I Rlncon Par or No. 72; Yerba Buena Parlor No
84; National Parlor Drum Corps; National Par
lor No. 118; Fourth Division Naval Battalion;
-Santa Cruz Parlor No. 90; Bay City Parlor No
IM: Nlantic Parlor No. 106; Eden Parlor No!
Sixth division— Marshal, John P. Donovan
aids—W. F. James. Louis P. Powelson; Salinas
Band; Santa Lucia Parlor No. 97; Columbia
Parlor No. 121; Hesperian Parlor No 137- Las
Lomaa Parlor, N D G. W. ; Alcatraz Parlor
No. 14 • Halcyon Parlor No. 14S.
Seventh division— G. Y. Bolllinirer
aids-J. P. Dunn. W. I. Hawkins: Stockton
band; Stockton Parlor o. 7: Brooklyn Parlor
No. .151:, Alcalde Parlor No. 154 T South Sm
Francisco Parlor No. XT: Washlncton Parlor
No. 163; Menlo Cadets. Mo Parlor No. 185-
Preclta Drum Corps; P a. Parlor No. IS7 :
Olympus Parlor No. IS.); Sans Soucl Parlor'
N. P- G. W.: Presidio Parlor No. 194- Athens
Parlor No. 1!>5: Marshall Parlor No. 20° " lens
Eighth division— Marshal, Louis Serlcano
aids—J. M. Hanley, R. C. Kelly; Sequoia Band :
Sequoia Parlor. No. 160; Fremont Parlor N d'
G. W. ; San Jose Parlor No. 22; San Jose Drum
Corps; Palo Alto Parlor No. 82; Observatory
Parlor No. 177; Junior Native Sons ocrvl ™ ry
The lino of march will be down Santa Clara
to S»cond; "to San Antonio; to First; to Santa
Clara: to Santa Teresa; countermarch to First
to Hobson; countermarch to St. John- to Mar
ket; to Santa Clara, where parade will be dis
missed. :i \ ■■■ • -." T. ; i**-"-:'.. '■• . - ■---.-.,-- •.. .
The following literary. exercises will be held
in front of the Court House Immediately after"
the parade, as follows: Selection, Fifth ' Regi
ment Band ; address of welcome. • Hon; B. A
Herrington; response. Grand President Judge
W.M.-Conley; selection.*. •'49." Fifth Regi
ment Band; oration. Grand Orator Hon. F. t,.
Coombs. ■;r; r ■'■■-'■ ' ' '■'■'" '"■•" - ■■ j. >- ■ '"'-,;"."•..'':.).••
Cuban Commission Sails.
NEW YORK, Sept. 8.-The United
States cruiser Resolute, carrying the
Cuban Commission, passed out at quar
antine at 6:15 o'clock, bound for Havana.
xiiJii »AJN JfRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
MME. DREYFUS, WHO HAS ASKED FOR (k REVISION OF HER
HUSBAND'S CASE.
VAST WEALTH AND
MISERY IN THE
GREAT KLONDIKE
Mines Booming Around Dawson,
but Many Men Walk the
Streets in Despair.
John D a Brother of Sam Rainey of San
Francisco, Among the Victims of
Dysentery.
BY SAM W. WALL.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DAWSON, Aug. 11. via Seattle,
Wash., Sept. s.— After an interval that
was growing painfully long three boats
have within two days arrived here
from down the river. They bring alto
gether not a dozen through passengers,
but are all of them loaded with freight,
a large part of which is provisions.
The Alaska Commercial Company's big
new steamer Susie arrived Monday
evening with Louis Sloss, of th 2 com
pany, on board, direct from San Fran
cisco. She brought up but four
through passengers, but quite a list
from points along the river,
Mr. Sloss reports the beach at St.
Michael covered with the tents of un
happy people dumped there by irre
sponsible transportation companies,
which companies will be for the most
part unable to bring them up the river
as they contracted to do. There are
thousands of people there, he says, and
many of the river boats upon which
they were dependent for coming to
Dawson have been wrecked while being
towed on the ocean, or are still on the
ways under construction. He was be
sieged by these people for passage on
the Susie at excursion rates, but re
fused to amend his schedule. The Su
sie is now the queen of the Yukon
fleet her pre-eminence being beyond
dispute. She is 225 feet long by 40.
and she landed 400 tons of freight here,
to say nothing of that which she
dropped at stations along the way, all
the while drawing but four feet of
water. She came up the river In six
teen days. Three times she struck the
bars but easily backed off. She is
equipped in modern style. Her big
stern wheel stands almost to the height
of her upper deck, and coming up the
river Monday night, flashing her
searchlight over the city, she created a
sensation. ,
The following day the Portus B.
Weare, the old liner of the North
American Trading Company, came in
with 300 tons of freight. She had made
the trip to St. Michael and return. The
John Cudahy, the latest addition to the
North American Trading Company's
fleet arrived last night. She is of the
pattern of the old boats, but fitted in
fine style and with great power. She
came from St. Michael in twelve and a
half days, which makes a record. The
Weare brought nn passengers from St.
Michael and the Cudahy brought three.
The passengers on the Cudahy say
that the big crowd at St. Michael, hear
ing the dismal reports of unfortunates
going out by the boat load from here,
far outnumbering those wro carried
heavy sacks, are turning homeward and
that provisions are cheaper at St.
Michael than at San Francisco, flour
being literally given away.
Advices come up from Lieutenant
Richardson, who distinguished himself
at Fort Yukon last winter with Captain
Ray and who is now in command at
St. Michael, to the effect that the con
ditions there are much similar to those
he had to meet at Fort Yukon: that
trouble is belner brewed by certain ele
ments among the discontented and mis
led people who threaten the capture of
boats and destruction of goods to ex
tricate themselves from a dilemma or
to "get even" for supposed wrongs. The
difference is that he now has men at
his command, which means power to
effectively meet the situation.
The Susie started down the river yes
terday afternoon taking a shipment of
two millions in gold, a large part of
which was from the Canadian Bank of
Commerce. A number of heavy gold
sacks were taken out by individuals.
Perhaps the heaviest was carried by-
Charley Anderson, who cleaned up
$320,000 last winter from No. 28 El Do
rado, while John Lee from a lay of 100
feet square on the same claim took out
$125,000. Anderson is said to be the only
man on El Dorado or on any of the
creeks for that matter, who is still pay
ing $15 a day wages, or $1 50 an hour.
There is no longer any resistance on the
part of the miners to the wage rate of
$1 an hour, the fear being now that a
greater reduction will be made this
winter.
The mass or miners' meeting is still
the vogue, and the Dominion Creek af
fair is still the frequent occasion of fE
A meeting was held a few nights ago
at which a radical protest was made
against the action of the Gold Commis
sioner in canceling the original filings
on the creek and throwing it open for
relocation. It was determined by those
who had suffered from this cancellation
to carry the protest to Ottawa An
other mass-meeting is called for to
night to take steps toward the organi
zation of a miners 1 association, the pur
pose being to secure some sort of rep
resentation at Ottawa and the enact
ment of more equitable laws for this
The news of the reduction of royal
ties on the output of the mines from
10 to 2 per cent was received here last
week, and created a new atmosphere
in the camp. Another impetus is given
to mining, and the work of the coming
winter will, I am confident, distance
the records of all mining camps.
Great preparations are being made
for the season, a constant procession of
miners, with pick, shovel and provis
ion pack on their backs, passes out the
Bonanza trail, and pack trains move
out almost every hour. Great activity
is reported on Bonanza and El Dorado
especially in the neighborhood of
French Hill, that rises at and creates
French Gulch, notable for several
stampedes last winter. Bench claims
qover the hill and stretch the whole
length of El Dorado Creek and far
up and down Bonanza from the mouth
of El Dorado, where the old river bed
that made Skookum Hill and Skookum
Gulches so rich by its deposits can be
traced.
Jim Wardner came to town yesterday
after spending two weeks in the min
ing area. He pronounces the country
a wonder, and he says the old river
channel can be traced for fifteen miles
along the ridges of El Dorado and Bo
naza, and that the bench claims upon
it, 100 feet square, will prove as rich
as any ground on the creek level At
the mouth of El Dorado, on Bonanza
is the famous Skookum Hill that was
such a puzzle to miners last winter by
discovering wonderfully rich diggings
on its very crown. The bench or hill
diggings on Bonanza and El Dorado
and on French Hill are now known to
be a continuation of this deposit. The
representing work that compels a cer
tain amount of development on every
claim each year under pain of forfeit
ure has brought to light a good deal of
pay dirt that heretofore has only been
guessed at. On Bonanza previous to
this fall almost no work was done on
any of the claims above 58, because of
the difficulty experienced thereabouts
in locating the pay. Work is now be
ing done as high as 120 above, and good
pay has been found on No. 80 and No
89. Workers in several gulches leading
into the creek away up have discov
ered coarse gold also, and bench claims
are being located in the nineties. Very
many of these claims will be worked
all winter, employing very many more
men than were at work last winter. AH
the famous old claims will also be
worked, but few of them having been
exhausted. On Dominion, Sulphur,
TO SELECT A SITE
FOR GOAT ISLAND
TRAINING STATION.
Call Office, Rlggs House, Washington, Sept. 5.
Captain F. W. Dickins, acting chief of the Bureau of Navigation
in the absence of Captain A. S. Crowninshield, will proceed to the
Pacific Coast immediately upon the return of his chief for the pur
pose of selecting sites for the proposed buildings to be erected on
the island of Yerba Buena, which will comprise the training station of
the Pacific slope.
Hunker, Bear and other creeks, the
same is true, and a great deal more
work will be done this winter than was
done last.
All this means that the city of Daw
son is established to last indefinitely.
That far-sighted business men have
known this for some time is witnessed
by a substantial growth that almost
eclipses anything in the history of city
building. Since my second arrival
here, less than two months ago, I have
seen a "new city rise on the swamp
where I found a long and busy row of
unsubstantial shacks and tents. With
lumber at $200 a thousand and timber
more costly in proportion, three and
four story buildings have simply
walked up toward the sky, log has been
piled on log and dressed lumber fronts
have formed in line upon the main
streets with astonishing rapidity. The
town now has half a dozen theaters
and dance halls, admission to which is
gained by simply patronizing the bar
at 50 cents a drink; there is a telephone
that extends to El Dorado Creek and
encompasses the city; many of the sa
loons are brilliantly lighted with gas.
An electric light plant is here and
about to be set up. There are two
weekly newspapers. The programmes
of the shows at the competing dance
halls are emblazed in colored printing
on the dead walls. All the so-called
theaters have private boxes, where
men and women drink liquors and
watch the performances. After the
show at most of the theaters the floors
are cleared and public dancing goes on
for the balance of the night, the dance*
being each accompanied by more par
ronage of the bar, that being a re
quisite. The saloons nearly all em
ploy musicians, running the gauntlet
from harp to hurdygurdy. ' Some few
also of the restaurants entice patrons
with music. Two large and well fitted
hotels, where clean beds and good
cooking may be had, were recently
opened, both events being celebrated
by banquets and dances. With all this
Dawson stands ready to reap the full
advantage of any big development of
the mines and of new, rich discoveries
such as are daily expected. It is now
and will continue to be a very warm
mining camp. Gambling is at full
flood, the streets are full of people and
there is every sign of great activity,
and yet the large majority of the peo
ple who crowd the streets and impact
this busy air are without money and
without employment, and most of them
would refuse the kind of employment
that the country offers. They are
homesick and disgusted. Many of them
lack the means to get out and are hop
ing for some miracle that will cheapen
rates or place the means within their
reach.
The weather has been very warm for
several days and this has aggravated
conditions that have caused much nick
ness here and up the creeks. Typhoid
fever, malaria and dysentery have been
very prevalent and a number of deaths
have resulted. John D. Rainey, brother
of Sam Rainey of San Francisco, died
last Monday of dysentery and heart
failure. He had been ill but eight days.
The remains were taken charge of by
brother Masons and interred in the
cemetery here with fitting ceremony,
there being a number of handsome
floral tokens and the funeral was at
tended by a large number of friends,
among them several ladies. Mr. Rainey
was for ten years chief of the fire de
partment of Tacnma. His wife and
daughter are visiting relatives In San
Francisco.
John D. Debow died at the Catholic
Hospital and was buried last Sunday.
Eugene Solage died and was burled on
the 6th inst. The hospital, even to the
halls, is crowded with patients and an
other hospital recently opened is al
ready full. A large addition to the
Catholic Hospital is being built. The
type ot fever developed here is much
severer than was that of last year.
The little steamer Cossett was
wrecked while coming through Miles
Canyon on the 2d. S. M. Taylor has
arrived here from Copper River, having
crossed over from the Tanana to Forty
Mile River. He reports only suffering
and disappointment for the many who
went into that country.
INTERNATIONAL SQUABBLE
OVER A THIEF'S ARREST
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 5.-Klondikers
who arrived on the steamer Amur this
afternoon tell an interesting story of a
clash among Canadian and American offi
cials in the gold fields, involving what
promises to be a serious international
problem. The whole affair was brought
about by the attempt of the mounted
police to arrest a miner charged with the
larceny of $15,500 who had escaped to
American soil. Arthur Perry of Seattle
went into the gold fields last winter and
worked a claim on French Gulch on a lay
for Alex McDonald. When the wash-up
came this spring McDonald went to get
his returns. Perry then told the big mine
owner that he had shipped the gold down
to his office at Dawson. McDonald went
back .to Dawson, but found no trace of
the gold. He immediately dispatched of
ficers to his claim to secure Perry, but
he had flown. By dint of inquiry along
the water front it was found that Perry
and the gold had gone down the river in
a small boat. The mounted police were
appealed to. and Constable McPhail start
ed in pursuit accompanied by B. W.
Chisholm, who went to identify the thief.
The fact that the accused was then in
American territory did not stop the pur
suit, for on the Yukon extradition has
been waived right along, as the difficul
ties in the way of getting extradition
papers are so great after leaving Dawson.
Perry joined his wife at Circle City and
together they drifted down the Yukon
until they met the steamer Stoneham,
on which they took passage to St.
Michael. The mounted policeman went
down the river on the Monarch and over
took the Stoneham somewhere between
the Koyakuk and Tanana rivers. Perry
was found on board with his sacks of ill
gotten gold, and he was at once made
prisoner and transferred to the steamer
Columbian, which was met bound up.
Coming up the river the Columbian
stopped to help the Rock Island off a bar,
and in doing so got on herself. In the
meantime Mrs. Perry had reached Circle
City and worked up much sympathy for
the accused on the ground that he was
an American arrested by a Canadian of
ficer on American soil. Collector Ivey
boarded the boat at Circle, and when
nearlng Eagle City he declared himself
and demanded McPhail to release the
prisoner. The constable and captain pro
tested, but Ivey, saying he was prepared
to use force, drew a revolver, and point
ing It at the officer, pushed him aside and
took his prisoner. McPhail asked that
the man be held until extradition papers
could be obtained, but Ivey refused and
took both Perry and the gold, giving Mc-
Phail a receipt, which, however, did not
mention the amount of money taken.
Ivey and Perry got off at Eagle City.
McPhail went on to Dawson and reported
to the captain, and officers of the Colum
bian made affidavits. In the meantime
Crown Prosecutor Wade, Constable Mc-
Phail and several other officers of the
police have left Dawson in pursuit of the
prisoner. , _________________
Pioneer Woman Gone.
NAPA, Sept. s.— Cynthia Grlgsby, wife
of the late Terral Grigsby, died to-day,
aged 81. She crossed the plains -with her
husband and five children In 1861. and was
a resident of Napa County forty-eight
years. Seven children survive her.
ALBION'S BANNER
OVER KHARTOUM
British Flag Hoisted on
the Palace.
PURSUIT OF THE KHALIFA
CAMEL SQUADS CHASE THE
FLYING DERVISHES.
Gallant Charge of the Twenty-First
Lancers Against a Force Out
numbering Them Four
to One.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Sept. s.— The War Office
received this evening the following dis
patch dated at Omdurman yesterday,
from General Sir Herbert Kitchener:
"This morning the British and Egyp
tian flags were hoisted with due cere
mony upon the walls of the palace in
Khartoum.
"All the British wounded have left
for Abadia In barges towed by steam
ers. I saw them before leaving. They
were all doing well and were comfort
able.
"The cavalry sent in pursuit of the
Khalifa were compelled to abandon the
attempt, owing to the exhaustion of
the horses, but I have ordered camel
squads to continue the pursuit."
Dispatches from Omdurman relate
that the newspaper correspondent,
Howard, -who was afterward killed,
participated in the gallant charge of
the Twenty-first Lancers. These troops
were scouting when they saw in the
basin between 600 and 700 Dervishes.
The Lancers charged the enemy and
suddenly found themselves face to face
with 2000 swordsmen, thus being out
numbered at least four to one. The
Dervishes were hidden from view in a
hollow. The Lancers charged through
them, re-formed and charged back to
recover their wounded, who were being
savagely slaughtered.
The official list gives the number of
British officers killed in the capture of
Omdurman as two, while thirteen were
wounded. Of the men twenty-three
were killed and ninety-nine wounded.
The loss sustained by the Egyptians
was: Officers, one killed, eight wound
ed; men, twenty killed, 221 wounded.
Colonel Rhodes, a brother of Cecil
Rhodes and correspondent of the Lon
don Times, was severely wounded a
bullet having struck him in the shoul
der.
FEATS OF BRAVERY
BEFORE KHARTOUM
LONDON, Sept. 6.— The latest ac
counts of the capture of Omdurman
adds but little to those received yes
terday. All agree to the brilliancy of
the cavalry charge of the Twenty-first
Lancers. This was the great feature
of the battle. Every man who fell in
the charge was immediately hacked to
pieces by the fanatics, yet the Lancers
re-formed as coolly as if on parade.
One corporal, covered with blood and
reeling in his saddle, was ordered to
fall out. He vvaved his Dent lance and
shouted: "Never."
When Lieutenant Grenfell was
missed Lieutenant Montmorency, with
a few comrades, made a most gallant
attempt to recover the body and hold
the enemy at bay with revolvers. They
secured the body and then lost it again
as the horse on which it was placed
shied.
There was another memorable inci
dent while McDonald's Black Brigade
was cautiously crossing the field, after
the Dervishes had broken, to dispatch
the wounded Baggaras— an imperative
duty, owing to the custom of the Bag
garas to feign death and then deal a
fatal blow to the unwary enemy. The
Dervishes re-formed and made a des
perate rush upon an isolated camel
corps, believing they had it at thc-ir
mercy. The corps retired steadily with
out confusion.
McDonald's brigade, assisted by the
gunboats, came to the rescue and cov
ered the retirement of the camel corps
by pouring volley after volley into the
advancing Dervishes, who, although
their ranks were terribly thinned, con
tinued their desperate advance.
More Dervishes swept down, the en
gagement became swift and general
and the enemy was soon completely
routed.
HEAT CLAIMS MANY
VICTIMS AT NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.-There is no re
lief from the heat of the past four days
in sight. Thirteen deaths due to the heat
were reported between 1 a. m. and noon
to-day. James Ryan, who lives in Jersey
City was overcome by the heat at his
breakfast table this morning. His wife
Ellen, called in a physician, and while
the doctor was trying to restore Ryan to
consciousness she became much aeltated
suddenly collapsed and died of heart fail '
ure. Ryan himself is in a critical condi
tion.
Among other deaths from heat were the
following: Frederick Beebe, aged 45- John
Ellis Anderson, aged 58; Grippe de
Glosgne, aged 40; two unknown men over
come in the street, died at Bellevue Hos
pital; Annie Hogan, an infant; Freda
Lenkhal, aged 24; Elizabeth S. Kelly an
infant.
Emperor William's Adjutant Dead.
BERLIN, Sept. 6.— General yon Wlnter
feld, Emperor William's adjutant, is dead.
Dixon the Better Man.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. s.— George Dix
on of this city and Joe Bernstein of New
York were the attractions to-night at
the Arena in a six-round fight in which
Dixon proved himself the better man
Bernstein punched Dixon hard in the first
Has Not Slept for Five Years.
It is reported that a man In Indiana has not
had an hour's Bleep for five years. He con
stantly walks about, unable to rest, and la
now little more than a skeleton. There are
thousands of men and women who are unable
to sleep more than an hour or two a night
because of nervousness, weakness, dyspepsia,
headache and constipation. A certain remedy
for these disorders Is Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters. All druggists sell It.
two rounds, and in the third started the
blood from George's nose. For the next
three rounds Dixon began to rush Bern
stein and repeatedly landed heavy blows
on Joe's stomach and around his heart.
When the bout ended Dixon gave every
appearance of being the better man.
Marin Primaries Called.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. s.— The Demo
cratic County Committee met to-day and
decided on October 5 as the date for
holding the Democratic county primaries,
and October 8 for the convention to nom
inate county officers.
CURE! •
PR FP Every man and
i l\ L« «— cry woman who reads
_, _, _^, this is entitled t9
r" X fc. c« an d can 9e9 e a re * '
trial treatment of
rnrr "OZO" Catarrh
1 I\ i— i 1^ Treatment. If you
live in the city, calf
FREE for ihe " ozo " : if
* IVI--1— you five away f rOm
« PI |— » « the city, write for
Kti-. "OZO/' A fair and
free trial is offered
cnpc i 0 y° u - Do m
rrvLL w i s h a?
Is a remedlo-treatment fofi
Nerves. It cures Nervous De-
bility, Nervous Loss of Force,
Nerve/ess Energy. HUD YAH/,
cures man. Write to or call
for circulars.
Hito. Medical Mute,
Ellis. Stockton aii MaM Sis.
AUCTION
OF REAL ESTATE
Probate, Referee, Executor, Partition
Sale, Administratrix and
Miscellaneous Nale
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 12th, 1898
At 12 o'clock If.
AT SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY STREET
The following properties I
REFEREE SALE.
IJiiim Estat*.
The four following properties, by order of GustaTe H.
V mbsen, sole r-feree of tee Dunn estate :
First-No. 140 Minna street. N.W. line, 356 feet N. E.
of Third street, tlence X E 25xS0 feet : rents <52.
Seoond— S. W. corner of Page Rnd Octavia utreete;
40x8, :6; 2 2-story and basement bay-window house 3 of
8 rooms and bath each : brick foundation ; rente *W.
Third— lmprovements and lot. 53:6x80 feet; situate
N. E. corner of Minna nnd New Montgomery streets;
•fronting 80 feet on New Montgomery street ; rente $100.
Fourth— Lot aituats Jf. W corner of Sanchez and
Duncan streets ; west 80x114 feet.
J. S. HOLLIDAY E9TATE.
Executor's Sale.
8. E. corner of Haigbt and Steiner »treet«; S-«tor»
building- store and concrete basement and 2 upper
floors and two 2-story and basement bay-window houses {
rents $120 per mouth ; a pood business corner ; 56:3x72.
PARTITION SALE.
No. 521 Birch arenue, between Octavia and Lacuna
Btrtets; 2 flats and lot 25iG0 feet.
ELLEN MePOKTLAND ESTATE.
By order of the Administratrix.
No. 147 Collins street, near Geary street; 2-ttory
house of 6 rooms and lot, '^5x120.
ELEGANT MANSION.
Northeast -corner of McAllister and Scott streets;
ele?unt modern residence of 13 rooms, bath, laundry,
brick foundation, etc fine riews; 30x100.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
No». 355-7 Fell street, between Gough and Octai-la
streets; 2 flats and cottage ; rents 46; 27:6x120; 2
frontages.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Northeast corner of 27th and Guerrero streets ; 27x100
With an L 20x50; stable on r.ar of lot.
BUSINESS CORNER I.OT.
. ' Southeast corner of Geary street, or Point Lobot
avenue and Parker arerme ; lot 31i0<i125.
PARTITION SALE.
No. 3353 22d street, between Valencia and Guerrero
streets ; 2-story bay window residence of 6 rooms and
.bath ; brick foundation ; stone walks ; street accepted ;
25x114:6. ...
MISSION COTTAGE.
No. 1215 Alabama street, near 24th street cable romd|
cottage of 5 rooms rents 310; 26x100. - .
CLAY STREET INVESTMENT.
No*. 1507-9 Clay street, between. Hyde and Larktn
streets ; double 2-story . and basement bay-windoir
house of 8 rooms and bath ;, brick foundation, etc.;
aouW be converted Into 6 flats at small outlay; 57:6x71.
riOETHSIDE INVESTMENT.
No. 3 Zoe place, off Folsom street, between Be»!e and
Fremont streets ; 2 tenements of 5 and 4 rooms; rent*
♦22; 23x50.
Farther particulars, catalogues, etc., cheerfully firea
at our office. . .
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Anctioneer*,
14 Montgomery Street*
.-jtaßfflßSiv RUPTURE;:.;
W&SXJS'JzB& w USE no MORE irox
.. ■¥j&&£pg£Ht&)£2r Hoops or Steel Springs.
Wfjß&StfQ^^^ Rupture retained with eaaa
M,»^*JHB^i: an^ comfort, and thousands radl-
■ irn^ cally CURED by DR. PIERCE' 9
/^m Magnetic Elastic Truss. (E7"Call at
office write for New Pamphlet No. t,
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market st., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
nflF r»f Full Set of Teeth '••
«as£^jf I E&i* extracting free $5 00 np
->r^VMjfc£\^9^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
JjvSGTV" killings - - - ■ 25cts.up
■ Ze-^W&LM^*-Q Open Hvenings & Sundava
e^mW^^% '■■■■VAM VROOM
V^JPfflfVV Electro Dental Parlors
*Mr\ Sixth and Market
.:: -/T ■- w :'.- Dr. G W. Kleiser, Prop,
fggPf TheRALSTONSTILL
4 aßa^"™" -S> Is the only one made that
gjajyy'*) W • will furnish ' absolutely
' „! DRINKING WATER.
- SHSvTm -ft • Indorsed ■by the Ralston
i^S^^&^jfv Health Club. Send or call
Vgt^aKjjiP^??' tor particulars.
l *'^^l^*-a THE JUBTINIAN CAIKE CO..
ia^^aS'l II \\ Sole Agents,
m' 521 Market St., San Francisco.
K^^DR. BALL'S REINVIQORATOR
ftjl?"**, l^ Five hundred reward for any case
EnS Be» we cannot cure. This secret remedy
S ■ '.''-''-'■ B stops all' losses In 24. hdurs. cures
fSnt RJ*S Eml??inns, Impotency, Varlcocele,
Irfl (Wf Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, Strictures,
W*ii l**l Lo-t Manhood and all wasting ef-
VbHA EStti 1 fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
ELZSsaKLSL sealed, 12 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S AIEDICiYL. IN-
STITUTE. 866 : Broadway, ■ Oakland; Cal. Also
for j sale at 1073% - Market St., -S. F. J All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
i Is a powerful aphrodisinp and ' specific ' tonlo ,
for the r sexual ;■ and urinary ' organs of ,■ both
sexes," and : a Kreat - remedy for diseases ; of • the . .
kidneys and > bladder. .: (A ; grreat Restoratl\-e, '
Invlgorator • and v- Nervine. -Sells on lt» own
Merita; :no . long-winded testimonials I necessary. \
■ --■ ' _..NABER.'*ALFS & BRUNE, A«enta, :
i 823 i Market - street. S. F.— Send for . Circular.) :
34
RACING BEGINS AT
THE STATE FAIR
Well-Contested Harness
DOLLY D TAKES THE OCCIDENT
FILLY OTJTFOOTS HER FIELD IN
STRAIGHT HEATS.
Belle W, at Long Odds In the Set
ting and Driven by an Ama
teur, Proves the Surprise
of the Day,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. s.— The Golden
State's greatest show, her State fair, was
opened to the usual first day crowd this
afternoon under most favorable auspices.
The weather was of the sort that turf
men say best suits the racing horse. It
was what Sacramentans would call
"nice," but the temperature makes a
San Franciscan yearn for the cool breezes
which boom off the bosom of the broad
Pacific. The track was perfection, and
the order in which the horsemen found It
can be better judged when it is stated
that a trotter in the 2:17 class (Prince
Gift) went the circuit of the mile course
in 2:12 flat— and it was his first race this
season, too.
The win of the amateur driver, Wempe,
with his Belle W, was the sensation of
the afternoon, and the cheers that rent
the air showed that there is lots of true
sporting blood coursing through the veina
of California horse-lovers after all.
Dolly D. a daughter of Sidney Dillon,
from the Santa Rosa stock farm, cap
tured the Occident stake in straight heats
for the Messrs. Pierce. The winner's
share was $1660. Ed Lafferty drove the
good looking bay filly, and he never left
the issue in doubt. Prince Ansel, how
ever, made the favorite go the last heat
much faster than she did the previous
ones.
After Dolly D had proved her supe
riority In the first event carded, not a
favorite finished In front. Five books
were on, the elates reading J. C. Hum
phrey, H. Schwartz & Co., Phil Archi
bald & Co., the Brooklyn Club and the
Buffalo Club. The judges were J. W.
Wilson, who acted as starter; Dr. Mat
thews and Adjutant General J. W. Bar
rett, the timers; ex-Senator Frank do
Long and Al Leach. C. A. Neal's band
of soloists discoursed some very appro
priate and clever pieces of music, . and
the opening was voted to be ahead of
that of most years. To-morrow the gal
lopers will have their Inning, and a large
crowd is expected to be on hand.
Among those present to-day were:
"Plunger" McManus of San Francisco;
Directors Fox and Chase, the latter look-
Ing anything but well.
\V. M. Murry's Raclo pulled up lame
yesterday after a fast workout, but it
Is thought the lameness will not be per
manent.
Dolly D was whispered about as a "sho'
thing for the Occident stakes and before
the first heat the quotations on the five
boards of the bookies were: Dolly D, 2
to 5; Lynhood, 3 to 1; Maud Washington
and Prince Ansel. 4 to 1 eacn; George
Buckman. 5 to 1.
Maud Murry had been scratched and
Dr. Frasse excused on account of lame
ness.. After three scores they got away
to a fair start, Lynhood leading Dolly D
by a length as starter Wilson said "go."
and by two lengths passing the quarter.
Dolly D got on even terms with the Lyn
rnont colt when they : had gone a trifle
over three furlongs, and was never there
after approached, winning with ease by
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
STATE FAIR TRACK, SACRAMENTO, Sept. 5, 1898.— First day
of the State Fair Races.
1 FIRST RACE— Occident Stakes; mile heats, three in five.
FIRST HEAT.
t
D
2 2
4 S
1 1
3 2
5
26
3 20
1 2
4 3
5
1 4
8 25
2 4
4 20
6
1 10
3 30
2 16
4 40
5
1 15
2 Vi
3 40
4 100
6
1 4
2 3
3 40
4 200
5
2-5
2
6-2
4
5
3-5
4
4
4
6
Ansel
■7
in
I
oom . . .
...
Washington
...
Buckman
Time. :374, 1:12, 1:46, 2:354. Good start. Won easing- up.
SECOND HEAT.
... Dolly D
..." Prince Ansel
... Lynhood
... Maud Washington
... George Buckman
3 1
4 4
5
1 8
R
2 15
3 20
4 2
1 8
4 100
2 15
3 4
5
1 20
3 20
2 3
4 100
6
1 15
2 6
8 20
4 ISO
5
110 !
2 10
I in ;
4 300 !
5
■7
in ......
oom . . .
1-5
4
4
10 .
25
1-6
4
6
15
100
I
Time. :36. 1:104. 1:454. 2:2«.
Good start.
Won easing up. Second easily.
THIRD HEAT.
... Dolly D 144 14 12 14 115 120 ILafferty 1-5 1-7
... Prince Armel [5 220 230 275 276 2 7.1 [Sullivan 4 4
... Maud Washington !S4 420 423 4 200 3 1 SK IRmlth 15 20
... Lynhood I2h 3 8 312 310 4 200 4 200 jHogoboom ... 25 30
... George Buckman i 1 4_ 6 5 S B 6 |Eddy 100 100
Time. -.35. l:0»4, 1.43, 2:21. Good start. Won easing up. Second easily. Winner Santa
Rosa Ptock Farm's b. f. by Sidney Dillon-Dolly.
44
5
3 4
2 h
i M
2 20
4 20
3 8
I
1 2
i 30
4 25
3 11
5
1 4
2 75
4 200
3 10
s
1 15
2 76
3 1
4 200
6
1 20
2 n
S S
4 200
s
7
in
oom . . .
1-5
4
15
25
100 :
1-7
4
20
30
100
Q SECOND RACE— Class
... Mamie Rlley
... Bonsaline
... Brrtha R
... Phoebe Chllders
... Joe Selby ,
... Sybil S
... Aggregate
5?
2 4
\l
1 H
6
7
4 15
3 %
2 2
6 5
1 8
6 5
7
4 23
5 2
2 4
5 40
1 8
6 h
7
4 10
1 2
3 4
r, 20
2 1
6 6
7
2 4
1 2
3 14
4 2
5 15
fl 12
7
1 1 iDurfee
2 3 I^afferty
310 Haney
4 2 Ponothan
6 10 (Smith
6 10 iTreery
7 IBunch
> 3 .-.
1-2
c
2
10
6
10
;.;■ ■ 4
4-5
10
3-2
20
12
20
Time, :34. 1:07. 1:49. 2:16. Good start. Won first three driving.
Winner, W. G. Durfee's b. m. by MeKlnney-Del Sur.
Away on third score.
© THIRD RACE— MiIe and repeat, 1:17 class trottln*.
FIRST HEAT.
... Prince Olft
. . . Lou
... May B
... Myrtle Thorne
... TJlamont
... Our .lark
... Dexter D
1 %
m
3 1
24
54
61
2 3
3 5
12
4 l 4
6 1.
B 10
7
2 2
8 10
1 1
4 IS
5 10
6 30
7
1«
3 15
2 2
4 10
R 10
6 50
- 7 -.v
1 4
2 24
3 15
4 4..
I 30
6 50
7
1 1
2 8
8 10
4 8
5 10
6
w:-— -
han ....
tan
4 J
3 5
3 4
6 8
10 15
6-6 1
« 8
n
>oom - ... I
fin
pson . . .
•Distanced.
Time. :334. 1:05. 1:37. 8:12. Good start. Won handily.
SECOND HEAT.
... Prince Glft-.........'..l i
. . . Lou .........'.....".....•.
... Our Jaok ".
... May ................
... Diamont ...............
... Myrtif Thorn* ........
Ins 1 2
24 2 4
34 5 «
51 3 3
C / 6
44 4 3
1 24
2 t
4 7
3 8
6
6 3
1 3
2 4
4 s
3 4
6
54
1 3
2 3
' 32-
■ • 4 5 , ■:
• 5 1-
6 ." •
1 2
2 2V4
8 8
4 2
5 6
6 -
Drivers. Op. Cl.
Kent; ......... 1 7-5
Donathan' .... .3 7-5
fiulllvan ...... 2 2
Hellman ■.;... R 12
Hogoboom ... '25 \ 25
Gordon ..,.*.-.. 20 . : -j 23
ner^D. W " eMUy - 8eC ° nd "* thlrd driV ' n *- W ' n -
A FOURTH RACE— 3:OO pacing, mile dash.
... Belle W •
... Lady Margaret
... Mia Louise
... Don
... Topsy J
... Gaff Topsail
4
2
5
6
t
1 1
8
2
8
6 .
1
3 15
1 4
2 «
5 10
4 25
6
23 13
I 15 |5
18 3 8
C 4 5
41 G 300
6 6
1 3
2 10
3 15
4 6
r> 500
6
an
8
2
.8-5
5
s:
■ 8
12
2
7-S
6
10
6
Second » nd third drrvinß - win ~-
RT FIFTH RACE— 2:IB pacing:, mil* dash.
... Diawood
... Dletatrees
... Munyon
... Nutway
... I Direct
... Beau •Brummel
... Charles Davids
... Abdlne
... Dave Ryan
... Captain Hackett
... Billy Baker
1 4'-i
2 3
3 2
8 3-
7 X
* H
6 6
4H
10
9 2
ii ■■,:■:
13 12 ...
2 3 2 4 "...
8 2 31' ... > "
i* .4U ... -
"7 1 -'.■ 6 4 -..." : '
6 10 7 B ... *
s « 8 :::
Jj.Vi • 6 4 ...
10 10 ..
94 9 ...
'•u--,.ku;.:; : ...- .
• 1 4--'
2 b;;
8 10 ;
, 4 3>
. c 4 ■:
61
7
'8 .»
9
:10 - .
•;11-. ■-..
meß
t :....;...:,
nsey ■.
son ......
'crty». •..;..
7-2 4
12 U
: 20 i 25
4 6
1 1
4 6
' 4: ,-«
;12; 12 15
10 12
12 '25
_io '.-'.•■ n
I Win-
athan
tin
loon
eh
rer
Time, :34,
Mr. Mrs. E.
Fair start. Won easily. S<
h. by Diablo by Woodnut.
and third
SCORING FOR THE WORD "GO" IN THE OCCIDENT STAKE.
four lengths from Prince Ansel, who
passed Lynhood about a sixteenth from
home and under the whip beat him out
two good lengths for the place. Maud
Washington waa a distant fourth and
George Buckman an awful last. Time,
They went away on the third score In
the second heat and it was a good send
off for all but George Buckman. Dolly D
passed Lynhood when they had gone
about a furlong. Prince Ansel breaking on
the first turn and Maud Washington go
ing up at the quarter pola. Here Dolly D
was first by good two lengths. She was
eight lengths to the good at the half,
twenty at the three-quarters and won
with ease by ten lengths. Prince Ansel
trotted rings around all the others after
he had straightened out his tangle, and,
passing Lynhood once they were in the
homestretch, was second at the finish by
ten lengths. Lynhood third, ten from
Maud Washington, who broke again
three furlongs from home. Time, 2:26.
Before the third and final heat the odds
were: Dolly D, 1 to 7; Prince Ansel, 3 to 1;»
Lynhood and Maud Washington, 25 to 1;
George Buckman, 50 to 1. They were off
on the second score to a fine start and
Dolly D was closely pressed by Prince
Ansel past the quarter. The favorite then
dVew away until at the half she was two
lengths to the good. Prince Ansel second
by the block from Market to Mission
street. Lynhood third. Dolly increased
her lead to four lengths and when Prince
Ansel danced a short Jig on the last turn
she went on and won the race, jogging,
by twenty lengths. Prince Ansel secona,
more than three times as far from Maud
Washington, who did not beat Lynhood
much. Time, 2:21.
The winner showed her ability to go
close to 2:16 if Prince Ansel had had a few
speed lilies left. The entire stake (the
Occident) was worth $2525, of which the
owners of the Santa Rosa Stock Farm
(In whose colors Dolly D trotted) received
The three minute class trot, mile dash,
had seven starters, and the closing prices
were Bonsaline, even money: Phoebe Chil
ders, 3 to 2; Mamie Riley, 3 to 1; Bertha
R and Sibyl S, 6 to 1 each; Aggregate and
Joe Selby, 10 to 1 each. To a fair start,
after a few scores had been indulged in,
Joe Selby, who had the pole, went to
the front, leading past the quarter and
half by three lenprths. Bertha R and
Phoebe Childers close up at the quarter.
Bonsaline trotted very fast going from
the quarter to the half, taking second
place three furlongrs from home. She
led Into the homestretch by a small mar
gin, Jc-e Selby having made a bobble.
Coming around the last turn Mamie Rlley
came very fafit and improved her posi
tion in the homestretch. When Bonsa
line broke a furlong from home Mamie
Riley shot to the front, and though the
favorite was making up ground at a great
rate when she got straightened away,
Mamie Riley won the ra.ce by a length,
Bonsaline second by three lengths, Ber
tha R (driven by ''Dick" Havey) third,
Phoebe Childers fourth. Time. 2:18. This
was a very pretty race, and while per-
I haps the best horse did not win, there
were tßrills of excitement in plenty of
it.
The 2:17 claas trot, third on the pro
THJB SAJN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
gramme, brought out a field of seven in
which Our Jack was at evens. Prince Gift
at 2 to 1; others from 4 to 8 and 10. Rect
was scratched on account of an injury
he received several days ago. They got
away nicely after scoring a few times and
May B led Prince Gift by over a length
at the quarter and by a scant length at
the half. Nearing the three-quarter polo
the Salinas gelding. Prince Gift, passed
to the fore. In the homestretch Dona
than set sail with Lou, but she could
never get up, Prince Gift winning by not
quite a length in game fashion, Lou sec
ond eight lengths before May B. Dexter
D was distanced. Our Jack was pocketed
and his driver evidently came to the con
clusion that there were other heats and
other days. The time, 2:12, first half In
1:05, marks a fast heat.
Before the second heat was trotted Lou
sot to be an even favorite with Prince
rift, both going at 7 to 5, Our Jack at 2
to 1. others 12 to 25 to 1. To an excellent
send off Prince Gift led all the way
around by from one to three lengths and
won handily by two lengths in 2:l4>£, Lou
second, two and a half lengths before Our
Jack, who made up eight or ten lengths
from the half-mile ground. May B was
ft far-away fourth. Time, 2:14%. This
ilettled it. Prince Gift getting first money,
Lou second, May B third, Our Jack
fourth. »
There was Incitement, amusement and
surprise over the outcome of the fourth
event, which was won by the 12 to 1 shot
Belle W, driven by G. Wempe, an ama
teur driver and well known as a manu
facturer of paper boxes in San Francisco.
Lady Margaret and Mia Louise alternat
ed in the lead to the homestretch. Here
Mia Louise, three or four lengths to the
good, gave an Imitation of a clog dancer,
and got very tired in so doing. Wempe'd
mare came like a shot from a Mauser
rifle, and amid great enthusiam she won
by three lengths from Lady Margaret,
who beat Mia Louise by a longer dis
tance. Time, 2:16; first half in 1:06.
Topsy J danced a couple of disastrous
jigs, which accounts for her bad showing.
The last race was a mile dash for 2:18
pacers, and eleven came up for the word.
There was a fair "go," and Diawood
made every post a winning one, finishing
first easily by four lengths, Dictatress
second, five lengths before Munyon, who
had been third all the way. Charley Dana
broke in the first quarter. Time, 2:l4Vi-
TO-DAY'S STATE FAIR ENTRIES
Dewey Selling Stakes Included in
the Six Running Events.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. s.— The follow
ing are the entries for to-morrow's races
and the odds laid to-night at Humphrey's
pool room against the various horses:
First race, selling, purae $200, six furlongs:
Suffrage, 103 20 to 1, Ducat, 112 8 to 1
San Mateo, 109 Even Major Cook, 106.. S to 1
O'Fleta, 103 12 to 1 Shasta Water, 106.3 to 1
Ringmaster, 108.. 12 to 1 Dollle ±. 10« 2to 1
Second race. Sunny Slope stake, two-year
olds, five-eighths of a mile:
Midlove, ICC. i to HOcorona, 110 8 to 1
Modwena, 110 2to lj Crossmollna, 96... 5 to 1
JlagJalenes, 116.. 2 to l!
Third race, selling, six and a half furlongs:
H. Thoburn, 108. .1 to »S. McAllister, 104.8 to 1
Venus. 101 20 to liFllrtllla, 104 1 to t
Fourth race, Belling, two-year-olds, six fur
longs:
Fevershara, 105 — Even| Casdale, 97 2% to 1
Jyapian, 98 8 to 51 Gilt Edge, 101.... 6 to 1
Fifth race, Dewey selling stakes, three-year
olds, kli furlongs:
Marplot. 106 6 to 6!Losette, 91 10 to 1
Moringa, 94 2 to 1; El Moro, 94 10 to 1
Arbaces, 110 8 to 5 Hlmera, 91 20 to 1
Sixth race, purse, seven and a half furlongs:
Bt. Philip, 101... 10 to I| T. Anderson, 107.30 to 1
Ko Ko. 102 20 to i; Scarborough, 107.. 8 to 5
Col. Wheeler, 107.7 to WlTenrlca, 101 25 to 1
Manzanilla, 104. ..8 to ll
It transpires that the bookies were hit
pretty hard on every race but one this
afternoon, and especially in the last the
bank rolls suffered. Certain well-known
horsemen playing: Diaw^od to win and
Dlctatress for the place until Starter
Wilson shouted "go. No pools were sold
to-night, the odds being posted instead.
There are many gallopers on the ground,
but most of them are not ready, her.cc
the paucity of the entries for to-morrow.
MIDDLE-OF-RDAD
POPULISTS MEET
Many Differences Exist
Among Them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Sept. s.— ln calling the
National Convention of the Middle-of
the Road Populists to order, J. A.
Parker of Louisville, secretary of the
Reform Association, strongly advocat
ed Independent action by the Populists,
whether at this convention or at some
future time.
Ignatius Donnelly was chosen tem
porary chairman and made a most rad
ical speech. He referred to Grover
Cleveland as a traitor to the Demo
cratic party and Senator Butler as a
traitor to the Populist party. Mr. Don
nelly advocated the reorganization of
the Populist party on the line of the
Middle-of-the-Roaders, as indicated in
their conference at Omaha last June
and again at Nashville, Term., last
July.
The usual committees on credentials,
resolutions, rules, order of business and
permanent organization were appoint
ed, after which a recess was taken un
til 3 p. m.
The afternoon session disclosed many
differences between the middle-of-the
roaders, wbo were denouncing fusion
ists as demoralizing. They were united
on the subject of such a permanent re
organization as to prevent fusion or
desertion hereafter and an independent
ticket for 1900, but there were wide dif
ferences as to how to prevent "fusion
desertions" and how to name the can
didates.
The question of proxies is one on
which control of the (convention hinges
and it was pending when the conven
tion adjourned till to-morrow.
SPAIN AND THE PHILIPPINES
General Jaudenes Saya It Would
Take a Big Force to Maintain
Sovereignty.
MADRID, Sept. s.— General Jaudenes
ad interim Governor of the Philippines,'
replying to the Government's request for
information as to the true condition of
affairs in the archipelago, reports that to
reassure the establishment of Spanish
sovereignty over the islands would re
quire a permanent army of 60,000 men a
fleet and endless quantities of materials
SONG AND MUSIC
OPEN THE FAIR
State's Big Show Begins
Auspiciously.
MANY EXHIBITS IN PLACE
SCOTTS DISPLAY MODELS OF
FIGHTING CRAFT.
Large Collection of Attractive Works
by Pacific Coast Talent
Shown in the Art
Gallery.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. s.— Amid song
and music the forty-fifth annual State
Fair opened to-night under most au
spicious circumstances. A large crowd
was present and listened with rapt at
tention to the varied programme.
Never before did the pavilion present
such a gala appearance. From the
rafters hung the flaps of the nation,
while the walls were decorated with
bunting and shields bearing the arms
of the United States.
The programme was opened by the
band, which is under the direction of
Charles A. Neale, playing "Hail Colum
bia." Then followed an overture,
Bergmann'B "Traum" by C. Keresen.
Robert Schumann sang with consider
able effect the "Cradle Song," and
was followed by the O'Malley
Sisters in their clever dance. The next
number was the Fest march from
"Tannhauser" by the band. Messrs.
Keller and Lindemeyer played a cor
net, duet, which was enj^usiastically
received. The singing of "America"
by the spectators concluded the even
ing programme.
There are already in position a num
ber of fine exhibits. It is expected that
all the exhibits will be completed by
Wednesday. The Union Iron Works of
San Francisco has about completed its
exhibit of models of cruisers and bat
tleships which were built at the works.
The models are complete in every de
tail, and will no doubt excite consid
erable interest.
One of the leading attractions ie the
art exhibit. Deputy Superintendent
Stanton, who is in charge of the gal
lery, has exercised considerable Judg
ment in arranging the exhibits. There
are more pictures this year than there
were last year. The absence of several
well known artists will be severely felt
by the art-loving public, which ex
pected to see their work on exhibition.
Among the familiar exhibitors, how
ever, are Yelland, Raschen, Cadenasso,
Partington, Cucuel, Chittenden, Mer
ton. Heath, Bloomer, Hubacek, Ku
neth, Latimer, Gamble, Best, Latz and
others.
Raschen exhibits a - number of very ;
fine pictures which he has recently
painted. One of these is the figure -of
a woman standing by a window in an
old-fashioned kitchen. On the window
sill are some vases hoMing cut flowers,
and the woman is . pouring ' water into
one from a pitcher. ; The background
of the picture as seen through the win
dow shows a building with quaint-tiled
roof, surrounded by trees. ■; The pic
ture was painted from sketches 1 made
in Munich, and the artist's wife is said
to have stood as a model for the figure.
Another excellent ' thing by Raschen
is a nude figure of Eve, done in pastel
and exquisitely framed. The figure
lies upon : its back, the'long hair form
ing protection to the body from the cool
green sward. ~. One knee ;is drawn -up
and one hand extended holds a luscious
apple. The attitude is one of abandon.
The : figure lis about ? two-thirds size.
The frame of this picture was designed
by the artist. The prevailing , colors are
green and gold. In one corner a model
of the apple stands out of • the ' frame,
and in another corner a model of a ser
pent. .■■■'■- ;.. • ; .' ;. •••:.%•-. .;.
'Another picture by Raechen which is
atu acting ; considerable attention . '. is
thnt of a woman in the act of feeding
pigeons. V. She stands . under ; a , trellis
sunported by adobe , pillows, . and -is
surrounded iby ; dense foliage of vines,
trees and : plants. ; Yet ■ another picture
of ; his, .which ; seems to be admired vby
connoisseurs of ; art is ; that jof a > monk
picking flowers in a corner of \ the mon
astery garden. At > his ; feet iis • a water
ing • pot, and : over ;: the ; top ,of tha wall
rises the belfry of a church. -' The vege
tation is semi-tropical the BUbject un
doubtedly having v been taken \ from
someold.Californla.mission. --: ;
Among other ■ pictures is . a canvas of
ull •;. blown v roses >by Hickok. , * Yelland
has a picture of • Popendrecht, Holland,
in which ■ there ' is an old windmill ■ and
farmhouse ; . with a ; sloop • moored ? along
side. L' In '• the < foreground .is a marsh,
and the sky. is ; overcast ; with clouds.
Yelland has also a pretty picture of the
shores of ; Monterey. -
"r J. R. Dickinson : has a picture of a
Japanese girl standing In a bed of pop
pies. , Jannevoid has ■■; a picture of ; the
Yosemite. .' Best -has \a - picture lof the
seacoast ■ laehed by waves. Mrs. Mar
tlnhasvery ; pretty tapestry, showing a
girl swinging in a awing of . a morning
glory vine, , with two cupids hanging to
,It. Bloomer.; has a : picture of ;a • moun
tain lake. ■ A ! storm Is coming up and a
man is pulling his boat on to the beach.
?■■■: Mrs. if tC:y Roundey ; ', V exhibits ' some
charming still life bits— "A study of
Lady Washington's" and "A Bunch f of
Roses." - Her landscapes are •-< attrac
tive. ;■/'",;■ -■.•■./■_:'■■■ ..■'-' •. ■.- -; ' .-. ..•,•.•■-.■.■-.*
Miss Martha Johnson's Mission Do
lores shows both careful handling and
serious study. Others of this artist
worthy of mention are "A Study of a
Girl," "Poppies" and "Violets."
The "Spinners" by Miss Nora G.
Cashln is a quaint study of a lady of
! the olden time. The figure is well
drawn and the coloring «-ood. "A Mem
ber of the Choir." "A Berkeley Oak"
and "A Spot In Belvedere" are by the
same artist.
SECRET WORK OF
THE COMMISSION
Planning for the Future
of Hawaii.
FIRST SESSION AT HONOLULU
TOTTB OF ALL xHE ISLANDS
COMMENCED.
Policy of the Government Outlined
in Speeches at a Mustering Out
Banquet of the Sharp
shooters,
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, H. t. Aug. 22.-The
congressional Commissioners have
already commenced their secret
sessions in the Hall of Representatives.
All connected with them are pledged to
nviolable secrecy, but none the less
they are affable gentlemen, and in their
outside converse permit people to be
come impressed with the assumption
that all will be well with Hawaii— now
under a much more liberal form of gov
ernment than some of the newspapers
of the mainland led us to hope for. The
commissioners are accessible to all, ir
respective of previous conditions or pol
itics, and are evidently desirous of be
ing individually informed as to the true
condition of the' country, socially, in
dustrially and politically before calling
for public expressions of opinion or
settling down to the chamber work of
drafting the laws. This afternoon they
leave by the steamship Claudine to
visit the islands of Maui, Hawaii and
possibly Kauai. Commissioner and
Chief Executive Dole will not accom
pany them, but the Attorney General
and Mr. Thurston probably will. Col
onel John Richardson and J. M. Kan
eakua have been selected by the Ha
waiian Patriotic Leagues (male and
female) to travel with the party and
to cause all Hawaiians, members of
the affiliation, to pass in mass meeting
resolutions accepting annexation and
asking the Commissioners to grant to
all former Hawaiian citizens, whether
by birth or adoption, equal rights as to
the most favored citizens; in other
words that no special legislation
against Hawaiians shall be enacted,
and that in the event of the privilege
of the franchise being given to any cit
izen they shall be equally entitled to
the same privilege.
On Saturday evening Harold M. Sew
all, ex-United States Minister, and
Mrs. Sewall gave a public reception to
the Commissioners at their beautiful
seaside residence at Waikikl. r
At the tabli of honor, among the 120
Invited guests and members, sat Cap
tain Dodge, supported on his rigl.t by
Chic' Executive Dole and on his left
by ex-Minister Sewall. With them were
ex-Hawaii . Ministers Hatch and
Ihurston, Colonel Fisher, Major Lang
fltt, the Attorney General; United
States Consul General Haywood,
Colonel Frober, N. G. H., all of
whom, with Senators McCandless and
Waterhouse, ex-Hawaiian Charge d'Af
faires Castle, Captain Kidwell, Cap
tain McStocker of the Citizens' Guards,
Representative A. N. Gear and others,
spoke well and eloquently. The en
thusiasm was naturally frantically in
tense, but not indiscreetly or bragging
ly so. There waß still aloha left for the
old Hawaiian flag and the spokesmen
were all nobly generous to their de
feated foes. .
At the conclusion of this memorable
banquet I requested President Dole to
be good enough to inform me whether
I might with propriety and correctness
assert in The Call that the policy of his
Cabinet, his friends and himself before
the Congressional Commissioners would
be based upon the lines of "equal rights
for all," as enunciated by Ex-Minister
Thurston, and he gave me full permis
sion to so state, adding, however, that
much would necessarily depend upon
the attitude assumed by the Hawaii
ans and anti-i.nnexatlonists them
selves. If they would come in and act
friendly all would, he thought, be well,
but if they stood aloof and acted an
tagonistically they would have only
themselves to blame if the-*' did not ob
tain all that thei true friends wished
to give them.
The Tacoma, with horses and mules
for General Merritt's army, arrived
yesterday evening. The animals ar
rived in good condition and with but
very few losses. The animals will be
turned out for a week's pasture.
Ex-Minister Sewall's new title, as of
ficially announced, is Special Agent of
the United States.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
pti MEYERS & CO.
Established 17 Tears.
Diseases and Weakness of Men Only
''■ THESE SUCCESSFUL SPECIALISTS quick-
ly restore partial or complete loss of vital pow-
ier< In .weak, 1 1 incompetent I and • debilitated > men,
and permanently cure in a short time contract-
ed ailments, including contagious blood poison.
No % Fay Till \ Oared. v Consultation Free.
■"'i All - : dealings > : and . ' correspondence : '• sacredly
confidential. ■■• -Thousands • cured . at . home \ every
' year. % Private = book for men : and treatises on
any disease sealed by. mail free. V -
731 Market Street. San Francisco.
:• take; ELEVATOR.
Wriglt's JDflian Veffetable Fills
Are acknowledged by thousands 'of persons who
have I used I them I for over j forty I years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, | GIDDINESS, | CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, eak Stomach. - Pimples
and purify *the blood.';-'. •..
Grossman's Sil Mixture
- With -. this remedy '':■ persons can cure them-
; •elves \ without s the > least i exposure, change *of •
diet or change in application tc businese. i Th»-
medicine I contains | nothing of | the s least I Injury i
to the ; constitution. ';,; ABk ■, your : druggist ' for < it. ■
AMUSEMENTS. * , •- -.i. -wwi.
Just a few words %
s^^S^W^^l^v about tailor-made |
m^Br) \^l/ \W- M garments for the \
-5^ I 1 l^iP fall season — as to I
■'Pr! JL \ Vyr what we do anc ?
O V "^^L^i VI/ Can C o l
:♦-' '^SJ^AS W % We make a specialty of business suits o
♦ \jj <)\ 1 at prices from $10.00 to $20.00. These o*'
o ==ss^ Ik suits cannot be duplicated elsewhere for £■
♦ ; jij\: less than $15.00 and $30.00. ... • ♦
* y\l -^^ W e make handsome dress suits for ?
2 L===^^| -[■ 1500 t0 $25.00 that are equal ■in o ,
o' '/^^ I / every way, and in some cases superior, 4
p" ■ I I / to those that others make and charge ?
4 111 We have the best cutters obtainable o
9 1 I ' 1 and show the best and newest woolens. ♦
o : 111 We can fit perfectly and suit exactly the 4
4 J r ,/' most fastidious. We guarantee this by . ?
J 1 I ••'--:/ being ready at any time to refund money o
6 ! ' I / upon the slightest dissatisfaction. o
o 18/ ......... . , All our suits made ♦ -
oV \ 1/ TROUSERS to order from all-wool mate- ? ■
o \ I ■■■■/-■■ $3.00 to $7.00. Will r ial and fitted per- 2
♦ \ I / $3.00 to 57.00. Will ri al and fitted per- 2
o V I / ->■ cost twice as much fectl We C J a $
° \ II- J c uibewnere. . . | ger stock than o
O Vilfg^Var a " ncr tailoring establishments in this q
* Vq| city and can offer you a larger selec- >
4 /. tion than you can find elsewhere. °
4 Send to us for samples of new style woolens. Free on application. ?
J-. _ • ; . ..— — . o
IS.N.WOOD&CO.I
\ 718 Market St., S. F. I
o .: ,r < • •• ;■...• ■ ♦.-
♦O4-04-O-fO^O-fO-fO*o4-O-»-004-O+o-»-O-»-0-*-O>O*O-fO-«-0 O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-
#y^C A N C E R
C^€2mJ^J TUWBOR
3 J iilliillw*^ N0 KNIFE"or PAIN
<£& i^^^^^;¥yfc No Pay yjil ll Curc( i
BqßpSwßßßffiji^^^^ Any lump In a woman's
%OHffiHHRH^S breast la cancer. The pol-
tMStSK?!il^^^£B aon qu'.ckly coes to arm-
IssSwSaßK^'ra'Pw. p u - inargeitigtooi&te.
J&SeSstX^•w^SW'y^^ Men'i faca andlipacom-
Br£*tk^ fSSSr^ ff^k I (D-riGs Book sent free
H IUP M M 3 \ with hundreds of addressei
"fl^gpS««^^^" of houesi cures. No Friud.
8. R. CHAMIEY. M. 0., 17 & 1 7 Third St.. n'R Market St.
SEND TO SOME ONE WITH CANCER
Use f^% an(^
Facial Soap X* / Facial Cream.
■ "Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN
H - WOODBURY, will - make the > complexion
Clear, Soft and Beautiful and the teeth white.
Sold everywhere. '- " '.'•■-'-.-.-".:■ :
lA/. X. HESSi
KOTART PUBLIC AND ATTOBNST-AT Uff,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus SprecEeU Bid*.
Telephone Brown 911.
Residence, Wl Calif oral* aU below Powell.
San Francisco. .
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE— -
AMERICAK
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1897 and for the year ending on that dajr, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the : Political Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. CAPITAL ■ :
Amount of capital stock, paid up In 00
cash $1,000,000 00
■ ■ ■ • ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 15,000 00
Loans ; on bonds and mortgages. ... 58,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 6,969,603 00
Cash in company's office 14,782 05
Cash in banks ...........;....  -271.851 91
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans ................... 10,116 17
Interest due and accrued on bonds . .
and mortgages :. .".;.... *......... 844 89
Premiums in due course of collection 494,981 10
Total assets $7,834,699 12
.- LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid.. $ 70,460 72
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 197,661 31
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. , 84,502 40
Gross premiums ■: on flre risks run- -; - ;
ning one year or less, $2,155,119 68; :
reinsurance 60 per cent.............. 1,077, 84
Gross premiums on ftre risks run-
ning more than one year. $3,985,-
466 90; reinsurance pro rata........ 1,524,129 97
Due and accrued - for salaries, rent, ■ - .
etc -•••••• ' ••••"•■•••••••• 88,044 21
ah other demands against the com- • *
pany^............ ....................... 218,851 19
Total liabilities ...;,....... $3,155,699 74
INCOME. -.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums ;...;..:.v.....;...;...._.:.:;.52.720.9«9 24
Received' for f Interest and dividends
on bonds, • stocks, loans. : and -. from ; .
..'. all ' other sources 278,838 41
Received for rents .7 S3O l» j
Total income :...... $3,000,137 84
EXPENDITURES. ;
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $221,937 34, losses of pre-
■ " vious years) >:...................... $1,239,806 63
Dividends to : stockholders ........:,.. 250,000 00
Paid or allowed for ■ commission ■..»,.
or brokerage ............................. 456,719 68
Paid '' for ■ Balaries, ■ fees, and other • - ■
charges for officers, : clerks, etc.... 183,277 31
Palo, ' for State, national and local
I taxes ..:........•■•"..............-... 88,730 68
All other payments : and expendi- ,
tures ........ ...'...-;:.%":.-.'.."■,:......... 267,96128
•••: Total expenditures ...............$2,480,995 58
Losses Incurred during the ■ year.... 51,265, 69
Risks and Premiums. \ IFlreßlsks. Premiums.
Net amount of rtsk3 writ- P
ten during, the year... $415,515,753 $3,927,062 25
Net amount of risks ex- . ; .• • • ...
plred during the year.. 891,034,957 3,809,848 31
Net amount In force De- • :- •, • .-;
cember 31.' 1897.......... 651,153,918 5.140.555 5S
ERNEST L. ALLEN, President.
W. N. KREMER, Secretary.
- Subscribed and sworn to before me this tl«t
day . of : January, IS9B.
. , : CHARLES EDGAR MILLS. :'
■ ' Commissioner ; for California .In New York.
GEO. H. TYSON, General Agent,
435 California Street,
; San Francisco, Cal., *
mBRCHANTB> ; : EXCHANGB ; BUILOINO.
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Othei
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to &I f|  C 0 C
Order om 4)1 Z t0 $00
PanU from . . . <£/ lo $| Q
201 and 203 Montgcmery St.,
.: 844 and 846 Market St., i* ~
1 1 1 0 and 1112 Market St. San Francisco,
DR.MCMLTY.
rpHIS WELL-KNOWN AND BELIABLE OLD
•t. Spedallatcure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dls-
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
WeaSnessesof Men, free. Over 20 y"r»' experience
fallen ts cured at Home. Term s reasonabl e. Hou rs a
to dally; 6:3o to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tatlom free and eacredly confldentlal. Call.oraddxeaa
I>r. P. ftOSCOE MeXCLTY, r
26^ Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
! GERMAN ALLIANCE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW,
York, on the 31st day of December, A. X>,
1897, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
"State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $ 200,0000 a
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 891,100 00
Cash In banks 35.07S 79
Premiums in due course of collection 19.836 33
Total assets $ 446,015 13
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ L 454 CO
Losses In process of adjustment or
fn suspense 6,821 SI
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning one year or less, $145,517 01;
reinsurance 50 per cent 71,768 51
Gross premiums on flre risks run-
ning more than one year. $34,707 44;
reinsurance pro rata 89,285 57
All other demands against the com-
pany 6,953 89
Total liabilities $ 115,733 3<
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flre
premiums % 175,187 03
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
all other sources v %,Wi 17
Total Income $ 153*576 2<
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses. $ 83 fifis ri
PrUrl or allowed for commisslon"or
brokerage 46 29fl Q7
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc rqk m
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 4 717 01
All other payments and expends
ture3 80041
Total expenditures 1 75.378 S6
Losses Incurred during the year....s 81.414 54
Risks and Premiums. IFlreßisks. Premium*.
Net amount of risks writ^
ten during the year. ..$ 24.567,407$ 231,37143
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 8,467,025 50,975 S3
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897. f 18.069,4021 180.234 45
ERNEST L. ALLEN. President.
W. N. KREMER, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of January, 1898.
CHARLES EDGAR MILL 9,
Commissioner for California In New York.EMMA HERBER'S STARTLING
STORY TOLD TO THE POLICE
DESCRIBES
HER STRANGE
CUSTOMER
Woman of Mrs. Botkin's
Appearance Bought
Candy July 31.
CAUTION TO SALESWOMAN.
State Chemist of Delaware and
Physicians Become Witnesses
for the Defense.
Another fact of strange cir
cumstantial import has been
added by the police to the evi
dence that they are collecting In
their effort to prove Mrs. Corde
lia Botkin the murderess of Mrs.
Dunning: and Mrs. Deane. When
Miss Emma Herber. the pretty
clerk of George Haas, first told of
the mysterious woman who bought
a box of candy the young lady did
not tell the whole story. The mem
ory of Miss Herber is better than
she knew, and last night she added
a new and startling chapter to her
recital. She was summoned be
fore the Chief of Police and to him
made a sworn statement that
sooner or later will find Its way
into a court of justice.
BClsa Herber declares that on
Sunday afternoon, July 31, between
3:30 o'clock and 4:30 o'clock, a
short, stout, full-faced woman en
tered the Market-street candy
store and asked for a box of candy.
The woman said she was In a
hurry and acted so. Miss Herber
noticed that the customer spoke
with an English accent. The cus
tomer said she wanted a special
box of candy or unmarked box that
she wished to send to some friends.
She was particular to ask that only
chocolate candies be placed in the
box and asked Miss Herber not to
fill it, as she intended to place in
it another present.
The woman's wishes were ob
served. Miss Herber took a spe
cial, unmarked box and filled it as
Instructed. The young lady was
shown the box of poisoned candy
that was sent to Dover. She looked,
at it a moment and then said that
it was similar to the one she had
sold to her customer on me after
noon of July 31. Then the Chief
of Police asked her to describe the
paper in which the box was wrap
ped. Miss Herber did so and iden
tified the wrapper on the death
dealing candies as similar to that
which she had used.
Beyond this Miss Herber knew
nothing and after swearing to her
statement she was excused.
Her description of the box of
candy and the wrapper are dan
gerously close to the box of poi
soned candies. Her characteriza
tion of the mysterious woman who
made the purchase is in a general
way that of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin.
Her explanation of the purpose of
the purchase fits that which sub
sequent events proved was the plan
and subterfuge of the murderess.
Yet Miss Herber has never seen
the strange woman that bought the
candy since the incident of the af
ternoon of July 31. She says she
does not know Mrs. Botkin. and is
not in a position to say that she
will be able to Identify her as the
purchaser of the box of candy. The
young lady will be given an oppor
tunity to do so, however, perhaps
to-day, as the, accused woman will
appear In court before Judge Cook
this morning.
Another vital and perhaps the most
critical piece of evidence that will be
used in the trial of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin
has been discovered. It is revealed in the
testimony regarding the character of the
poison used in the death-laden confec
tions that were sent to the unfortunate
women of Dover.
The Tall received last night from Dela
ware the first definite and authentic
report of the official analyses of the poi
soned candy, made after the. death of
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. iJeane. This tes
timony is given by the State Chemist
of Delaware and by the two physicians
who attended the unfortunate women in
their illnoss and death. The importance
of this evidence cannot be underestima
ted, as it is probable that every issue
of the trial of Mrs. Botkin will revolve
around it. It will matter little whether
the woman be tried in this State or in
Delaware. Sh«' will have to explain sat
isfactorily her purchase of arsenic, and to
defend herself against the natural suspi
cion that arises from that purchase.
It is not imiu-obablo that the life or
death of Mrs. Botkin will depend upon
the testimony of the expert witnesses. It
should be remembered that the only direct
incriminating evidence against the woman
is her purchase of two ounces of arsenic
at the Owl Drug Store on June 1. She
frankly admits that .she bought the poi
son and tells why. She was not alone
when she bought the drug and others,
she insists, saw her use it for the pur
pose she had designated to the clejk.
Two months after, and a few days before
the poisoned candy was sent on its mis
sion of death, Mrs. Botkin talked earnest
ly, eagerly and mysteriously about the
use and effrct of arsenic as an agent of
death. These facts of apparent guilt are
of great circumstantial importance and
the defense admits must be answered,
particularly when they are viewed In
conjunction with the woman's relations
to Dunning.
The detectives of this city have, it
seems, fortunately for Mrs. Botkin, es
tablished too much. Had they rested
when they discovered the fact that the
woman had bought arsenic the conclu
sion would be a crushing one to the de
fense. But th<> police also proved the fact
that the arsenic sold to Mrs. Botkin was
powdered and not crystallized, a most
vital distinction in the case.
There can be no mistake in the matter
as Frank S. Grey, the clerk who sold the
poison, is positive. The arsenic bought
Jiy Mrs. Botkin was the commercial,
adulterated powder. The State Chemist
of Delaware and the two physicians who
attended Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane
i.re equally positive that the poison
which brought death to the two vomen
was crystallized and not powdeicd or
pulverised arsenic.
These experts could not have intro
duced a more vital piece of evidence had
they declared that the poison was not
arsenic. The difference between pow
dered Jirsenlc and crystallized arsenic is
antipodal. One cannot be transformed
Into the other without agents that are
not common to people who have no prac
tical knowledge of chemistry. In giving
this important testimony the Delaware
witnesses nre particular to explain their
reasons. They tell their results of the
analysis of the candy and show with a
clearness satisfactory to themselves that
crystals and not powders were used. The
candy has not since been analyzed and
the statements of the Delaware experts
must be accepted as final.
This new revelation in the case, made
practically by the prosecution Itself, will
THE POLICE THEORY OF A HORRIFYING CRIME.
have a bearing that cannot be overshad
owed by any other feature of the case.
The authorities are now forced, It would
seem, to show how a most unusual trans
formation in a poison may be made, or to
show where Mrs. Botkin bought crystal-
Used arsenic.
The question of extradition is daily be
coming more complicated. The defense,
as a matter of course, will fight to the end
any attempt to send Mrs. Botkin to Dela
ware. The prosecution has given a new
reason why the woman should not be
triod in this State. The complications
that have arisen In the case have never
been determined in California, and the au
thorities are concerned for future con
tingencies as well as the present. Chief
of Police I^ees declared yesterday that if
it were possible he would ask the defense
to agree to the extradition of the woman
by the Governor and then contest her re
moval from the State In any tribunal of
justice that might be chosen. Unless this
is done the Chief insists that Mrs. Botkin
cannot be tried for the crime of which she
is accused.
The argument by which this conclusion
is reached is interesting. If Governor
Budd refuses to extradite Mrs. Botkin,
two courses of action remain for the au
thorities. There is a possibility that the
action of the chief executive may be re
viewed by the courts. State or Federal.
No one is willing at present to say that
such a review would be legal, but there
is a disposition on the part of the au
thorities to test the question. If this
avenue out of the legal maze Is closed
and tho woman must be tried for murder
in this State another difficulty will pre
sent itself. If the woman were acquitted
the question would never become of prac
tical interest.
If she were convicted the defense would
appeal to the State Supreme Court, and,
falling there, to the Federal courts. One
of the grounds for appeal would un
questionably be that California had no
jurisdiction and could not legally try the
woman for murder, as the effective ele
ment of the crime was in Delaware and
not in California. If the appellate court
should decide in favor of the defense on
this point Mrs. Botkin could never again
be tried for murder. The California
courts, having no jurisdiction, could not
act and. it is claimed, that the tribunals
of Delaware would be powerless to move,
since Mrs. Botkin had been once in
jeopardy of her life. The point is cer
tainly an interesting one, and will be fully
argued before Governor Budd when the
matter is presented to him.
The police expect to be ready on Wed
nesday or Thursday to present the entire
case, as they have it, to the Chief Ex
ecutive. The Chief of Police and his sub
ordinates were busy yesterday preparing
the affidavits that represent the Califor
THE CALL GIVES THE NEWS FIRST.
The Call gave another illustration yesterday of the superiority
of its news service over that of other morning papers. In the tragic
story in which Mrs. Cordelia Botkin is now the central figure the
overshadowing element of news was contained in Mrs. Botkin's ad
mission that on June 1 she had purchased arsenic at a local drug
store. The Call published this vital fact while its contemporaries
concerned themselves with speculation to determine whether or not
the drug clerk would bz able to identify j.a.rs. Botkin as Mrs.
Bothin. The developments of yesterday make the admission of Mrs.
Botkin the most important testimony in the mysterious murders of
which she is accused and for which she will be tried for her life.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
CRYSTALLIZED ARSENIC WAS IN THE CANDIES.
DOVER. Del.. Sept. s.— So far as is known the arsenic :in the candy
which poisoned Mrs. Deane and Urs. Dunning was in lumps, although . it
may have contained poison in crystallized form. State Chemist L. R.
Wolfe, who made the ofiicial analysis, states that he found lumps as large
as peas, which have been preserved. He is of the opinion that some of the
candy was contaminated throughout by arsenic.
Dr. Bishop, who attended both women and also examined the candy,
found lumps and believes that the poison was put in the candy in that
form. Dr. Downes ti who was the consulting physician, agrees with Dr.
Bishop. ' "... .*
Miss Josephine Baleman, who ate some' of the candy, afterward picked
lumps of arsenic from her teeth and extracted one good-sized lump which
had become imbedded In her mouth.
Those who are familiar with the candy believe arsenic in lump form
was used, although a local authority on the subject says the drug may
have been crystallized first, and afterward mixed with some chemical to
make it solid and convenient to handle..
There is no question that the arsenic discovered In the candy was crys
tallized and not pulverized. " »
4- + <y + + + + + + ++ + + +4- + + ■*■■-*- + *. + +.+.*.±±±±.*.^±.
nia phase of the prosecution. Mrs. Rauof,
Frank S. <Jrey and the others who have
supplied shreds and patches of evidence
were sumjnoned to police headquarters
and made sworn statements. This testi
mony will be presented with that sent
from Delaware with the application for
extradition.
In the meantime two legal proceedings
must be considered in court. The appli
cation of the defense for a writ of ha
beas corpus will be called this morning
by Superior Judge Carroll Cook and will
be continued. It would obviously be a
waste of energy to argue the case
at present, as the woman would be im
mediately rearrested even if Judge Cook
rendered a decision favorable to the de
fense. The matter will be postponed,
therefore, until after the extradition pro
ceedings take place before Judge Cook.
The Police Court investigation has been
set for to-morrow morning before Judge
Joachimsen. It also will be evaded as
far as any definite Issue is con
cerned. Neither the District Attorney nor
the Chief of Police wishes to commit him
self to a position of prosecutor in this
proceeding. Under the theory of the pro
secution the authorities are simply hold
ing Mrs. Botkin in custody until the is
sue of extradition has been determined.
The charge of murder has been made at
the request of the Delaware officers and
not with a purpose of committing this
State to a prosecution of the woman
Delay will consequently mark the policy
of Chief of Police Lees and the District
Attorney. If. however, Judge Joachim
sen should decide, as it is claimed he has
power to do, that this State has jurisdic
tion in the case, a new and dangerous
complication would be interjected. The
police and not Mrs. Botkin's attorneys
would then be on the defensive. These
conflicting legal possibilities have excited
a national interest, as they are novelties
in the history of American crime. Every
effort will be made therefore to define the
law of jurisdiction of California, even if
the fight must be carried to the Supreme
Court of the United States.
The local authorities are acting now
with a very clear realization that their
hasty action of last week has caused
them a great deal of trouble and almost
involved them in the commission of fatal
blunders. When the tragic case was
brought to the attention of the local
Grand Jury. Chief of Police Lees had no
other purpose than to use the official in
quisition as a drag net to force reluctant
witnesses to appear and tell under oath
all they knew. It was Impossible osten
sibly to use the Grand Jury for this pur
pose, and the authorities were willing
at what they believed to be a minor sacri
fice, to accept an indictment for sending
poisoned confections through the mails.
Even such an indictment, however, would
commit Mrs. Botkin to a trial in this
State, the very result the police do not
want. The proceedings before the Grand
Jury, therefore, will be dropped and the
drag net will be cast in other waters.
TAKING AFFIDAVITS
OF THE WITNESSES
Chief Lees is, as rapidly as possible,
reducing to affidavits the testimony of the
California witnesses in the case against
Mrs. Cordelia Botkln so that the requisi
tion papers may soon be presented to
Governor Budd with the necessary evi
dence to support the request they con
tain.
From noon yesterday until late last
evening Assistant District Attorney Hos
mer plied his numerous witnesses, and
by noon to-day it is expected that all of
the evidence so far adduced by the prose
cution will be la presentable shape.
Chief Lees expects to have his case be
fore Governor Build by the time - the
executive will have finished the business
which brings him to town.
Of the witnesses Mrs. Rauof, Mrs. Bot
kin's one-time friend and nurse, was the
first to arrive. She was Immediately
ushered into room 6, the official conning
tower, and the reduction of her evidence
to script consumed a full two hours.
Frank S. Grey of the Owl Drug Com
pany followed, and he was closely ques
tioned not alone as to the circumstances
surrounding Mrs. Botkin's purchase of
powdered arsenic, but also with regard
to his previous acquaintance with the ac
cused woman.
George Haas, the confectioner, to whose
store the fatal box has been traced, was
brought in, but his only testimony was
regarding his recognition of both box and
candy as the output of his establishment.
The depositions of Mrs. Seeley, Miss
Lizzie Livernash, Detectives Gibson and
McVey, the employes of the City of Paris
and the shopping companions of Mrs.
Botkin remain to be taken.
It is expected that W. A. Botkin, the
husband of the defendant, will be called
upon by the prosecution to tell of the
alleged sickness of .his wife, during her
stay in Stockton previous to arrest.
M>. Botkin spent the morning with his
wife. Miss Dora Brown and Detective
Gibson were also morning visitors. In the
evening Attorney and Mrs. Frank Mc-
Gowan came in for an hour upon unoffi
cial business.
Grey Sees Mrs. Botkin.
After 1 o'clock this morning Frank S.
Grey, the clerk in the Owl Drug Store
who sold arsenic to Mrs. Botkin, was
taken to the City Prison to identify the
accused woman. The proceeding was
purely a formality in connection with the
extradition application. It was unneces
sary, as The Call published exclusively
yesterday the fact that Mrs. Botkin ad
mitted the purchase. The clerk was able
to identify the woman.
MONSTER BAND WILL
PLAY AT THE FAIR
The Irish Fair has entered upon its last
week, and the management is satisfied
that it will be a financial as well as a
social success. Since it opened manager
L. "W. Buckley and Assistant Manager
Charles B. Tldball have been unremitting
in their attention to the various interests
of the big exposition.
As the end draws near special efforts
are being made to present as many and
as varied forms of entertainment as pos
sible, and there is no doubt that they
will succeed. For several days Band
master George W. Bennett, who has done
such excellent work with his musicians,
has had in preparation one of the most
unique musical treats that has ever been
presented in this city. He has completed
arrangements with the leaders of the
Fifty-first lowa, Twentieth Kansas, First
Tennessee and Seventh and Eighth Cali
fornia regimental bands and the bands of
the League of the Cross Cadets, St. Vin
cent Cadets, three drum corps and thirty
buglers to perform at the fair this even
ing.
Yesterday was designated as "Labor
Day" and "Leinster Province Day," and
the attendance was as good as at any
time. There were extra dancing features
by the pupils of several of the dancing
teachers, which was highly appreciated.
The St. Vincent's Convent Guards came
down from Vallejo on one of the early
boats and spent the afternoon among the
various attractions. About GdG children
of St. Patrick's School, and their teachers
were also present.
FATHER YORKE GOING TO IRELAND.
His Health Failing and He Leaves for a Long
and Much Needed Rest,
As soon as he can finish up the work he is at present engaged In
Rev. Peter C. Torke, chancellor of the diocese, will leave this country for
a long and much-needed rest.
During the past few years Father
pltal and at once picked up the
thread of his work, even trying to do a little more than usual, If possible,
to make up for lost time. His physician advised him to leave off a little,
but he laughingly called attention to his robust frame and scouted the very
Idea of taking a holiday.
His physician, seeing that neither threats nor coaxing had any effect,
gained the ear of friends of the young priest, who finally persuaded him
to take a trip to Ireland. It has not been decided when he will start but
preparations are already being made.
BRINGS A LOAD
OF GOLD DUST
Steamer Portland Ar
rives From Alaska.
The steamer Portland from St.
Michael reached port late last night
with nearly two tons of gold belonging
to the Bank of Commerce at Davvson,
the Alaska Commercial Company and
twelve of the 240 passengers who came
down on the vessel.
Charles Anderson, - pioneer of the
gold fields, who is perhaps the most
wealthy miner in Dawson City, brings
with him dust and nuggets valued at
from $60,000 to $90,000. Anderson was
the virtual discoverer of El Dorado
Creek, but did only fairly well until
recently, when he met with a wonder
ful piece of good fortune.
During a spree he was induced to
buy No. 29 on El Dorado for $800. When
he awoke in the morning after his good
time and discovered a bill of sale for
the claim he felt that he had been vir
tually robbed and attempted to secure
his money from the men who had sold
him the property, which he thoueht
valueless. His efforts to recover his
$800 proving of no avail he began pros
pecting to see Just how badly he had
been bunkoed.
To his surprise he panned out gold
by the bucketful and it is estimated
that nearly $300,000 has been taken out
of the despised claim. The original
owners learned of the value of the
property which they had been so ready
to dispose of at a low figure and sought
to get it back from Anderson, but re
ceived the laugh which they had given
the lucky Anderson at the time he had
beien induced to purchase the claim.
A partner of Anderson, John Lee, also
came down on the steamer. He owns a
goodly share of the treasure aboard.
Just before the two men left Dawson
they purchased a half interest in claim
No. 30 on the El Dorado. For this in
terest they are said to have paid $208,
000.
Ed Nelson, William Young and
Charles Lamb are three other success
ful miners from the Minook and El
Dorado districts. They, with Ander
son and Lee, are about the only ones
on the vessel having much gold, but
besides them six or seven other pas
sengers have perhaps $60,000 divided
among them. About one hundred of
the passengers are laborers and car
penters who have been working in
Alaska.
It is claimed by the miners that there
are about forty good claims around
Dawson, and the others hardly pay the
working. Minook, El Dorado and
nearly all the creeks are overrated.
Circle City works steadily and good
strikes are being made near. there. The
great rush at present is to Kowukuk.
which is about 150 miles from Fort
Hamlin.
The river boats are not very likely
to get up even as far as Circle City.
The miners say that of the thirty
which have started up at least twenty
are already frozen in, and it is doubt
ful if the remaining ten will be able
to get farther than the rapids.
Edward O'Brien, watchman on the
Leah, was washed overboard near the
Russian mission and his body was not
recovered. He formerly lived in San
Francisco. Andrew Wilson, a sealer
on the Louisa, fell overboard am? was
drowned while loading coal at the Holy
Cross Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A MAN AMONG MEN
With Strong Nerves, Clear Brain and Vigorous
Physical Strength.
jßb*-^--' SUCH YOU CAN BE!
£ *&&B9&&iZu^ 7JjJiginW^fiintr> What has been done can ba
I^,/^SSI ff^^WKrjJr done. It is vrrxmg to assert that
■^|gfe»t^ A^.' i£<— F ,-^j/V'^jiot^ strength once lost cannot be re-
Hu^Mftg . ■ <MT JMjfmgifr stored. It has been done. Dr.
MjjfiWr Banden"s Electric "Belt has re-
W&r * MmL stored vigor to many thousands
ifjjp r^C>r^ ■ . *J#xv§& °' men wno na< almost given up
__ I^ '* $*S<<» hope.' It has been done, and It
#g%agpjffiJiP^W can be done - It is being dona
*■."-. * every day.
Read the Book, "Three Classes of Men."
It Is worth $100 to any man who is not what he ' ought , to • b«. . It
will be sent closely sealed, free upon application. Call and examine thi*
Belt it Dossible. Call or address
DR. SANDEN, •— ~— — '...' '■-■ *
?i TO2 Mtrktt Strict. Oornef Ketrny. Sin Frueiiu. NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours. rBa.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 _ '-'j-~ — _. ' „ „
>tol. - Branches at Los Angeles. Cal., 232 est Dr - Banden s Electric Belt
Second street : Portland. Or., 253 Washington '■ never sold In drug itore»
street; Denver, Colo.. 931 ; Sixteenth street; • OT b >' traveling arenu; only
Dallas. Tex., - 255 Main street; Butte, Mont.. *t our office.
, 110 North Main street. ?■; ~'-> ■ - : 2s. " : — '■ ■ — if
Yorke has undertaken and success
fully carried out a stupendous
amount of work — his capacity for
work seemed marvelous — and
everything he put his hand to
has prospered, but the long strain
has told on his system, and his
friends, fearing a complete break-
Ing down, have finally prevailed
on him to drop everything and
forget the world at least for a
year. Ills physicians have time
and again advised him to take a
rest, but he is a man who ieels
that work is a part of his life,
and each day must see something
accomplished, so he has contin
ued at the imminent risk of ruin
ing his health for life.
The first signs of failing health
were noticed a few weeks ago
when he was attacked with pains
In the arms and shoulders. The
doctors called It rheumatism and
sent him to St. Mary's Hospital.
Even there, however, he could not
reconcile himself to a life of idle
ness, and did such work as was
possible without leaving his room.
Three weeks ago he left the hos-
TOOK A SHOT AT
HER BETRAYER
Evelyn Holt Gets Re
venge for Wrongs.
Evelyn Holt, a petite and prepossessing
brunette, revenged herself for numerous
slights and insults last night by shooting
Charles Fecker, a former lover, in the left
shoulder, inflicting a painful but not dan
gerous wound.
The shooting occurred on Jones street
near Ellis, about 8 o'clock last evening.
Fecker, In company with his wife, was
walking along Jones street when th«
young woman came behind him and fired
a .32-caliber bullet into his body. Feckei
attempted to grab her, but only succeeded
in snatching her cape, which she allowed
to slip from her shoulders. The wounded
man left his wife standing and rushed up
the street in search of a physician.
The would-be murderess ran into a near
by lodging-house and into a room where
three men were sitting. She excitedly
told them what she had done and asked
whether there was another exit. On
being told there was none she called for
pencil and paper and calmly wrote a note
to the police, notifying them where she
could be found. One of the men then took
the note and delivered it to Officers J. D.
McLane and G. de Blols, who were at
tracted to the scene by the shot, and they
took her to the City Prison. She was
placed behind Desk Sergeant Brown's
desk until Fecker could be found to
lodge a formal charge against her. At
the request of the officers he charged her
with attempted murder.
Fecker is a tall, smooth shaven man and
his face was naturally pale from the ef
fects of the physician's probe which was
used to locate the bullet.
The first warning he had of her pres
ence last night was a shot and a sudden
sting In the back. He claimed to hava
been on the operating table, for two hours,
during which an attempt was made to
find the bullet with pour success.
The prisoner told a sad story of ill
usage on the part of Fecker and the rea
sons that led to her shooting him, with
great frankness.
"I don't regret shooting him," she said,
"because if ever a man deserved it he did.
I am sorry 1 did sot kill him, because that
was my intention.
"I had written him earlier in the day to
come and see me and return the money
he had swindled me out of. He refused to
do so and treated me so wretchedly that
I went down town to-day and bought a
pistol and went out looking for him. Ha
was walking down Jones street when he
saw me. .He said something to his wife
and they both laughed. Fecker then
turned around and tossed his head in a
way that angered me. He did this a sec
ond time and not being far behind I hur
ried forward and as he turned to his
wife I shot him. He turned and grabbed
my cape. I ran away because I \va3
afraid 1 would be taken to prison in tha
patrol wagon.
"I had been living with him at 406 Geary
street for over a year and a half. He al
ways told me that he wanted to marry a
wealthy woman and get her money and
then go East with me and live happily.
I always wanted him to marry me, but
that was the only reply he would give me.
On June 24 he persuaded me to go to Los
Angeles, and a half-hour after I left ho
got out a license and married Anber Can
non, a woman whom he met at the Pacific
Matrimonial Bureau Agency and whom
he believed to have money. While I wa3
In Los Angeles he wrote me nearly twen
ty letters, telling me that when he got his
wife's money he would take me East.
"On my return from Los Angeles he
hired a room for me at 22S Powell street.
He would visit me and make all kinds of
promises. Knowing his reputation and
not believing him, I demanded that he re
turn my money that I loaned him. He
always put me off and then stopped com
ing. I then called at his office, but he
would never see me. I then told his wife
that he must come and settle with me,
otherwise I would kill him"
Fecker received unenviable notoriety
by his connection with a matrimonial
bureau.
56
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 6, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Pfop^Of;
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKEJ^anager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F»
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steventon Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE 6AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In tljts city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a weak- By mall $6 per year; per mont(>
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL.^ year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
tSEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Buildinf
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££s House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
6treet. open until 9 o'clock- 1506 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky &treet3, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Lost— 24 Honrs "
Baldwin— "A Marrliipp of Convenience."
Alcazar— "The First Born" 3nd" Turned Up."
Morosco'B — "Shall We Forgive Her-
Tlvoil— "Lucretla Horgla."
Orpheum Vandevllln.
New Comedy Theater—" The Leadlngr Man."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville ami Spanish Bull Fight
Clympla— Corner Mason and Bdd; etreete— Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair,
tutro's Bathß— Svrlnimlnu.
Metro polltan Temple- Concert, Thursday September 8.
State Fair— Sacramento. Septembers.
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. I.'mbsen A Co.— Monday, September 13, Real Estate
at U MontConiery street, at 12 o'clock.
DEGENERATION OF THE POUND.
' I "HE conviction in one of the Police Courts of
a deputy pound keeper for having used vulgar
* language in capturing a dog indicates that the
public pound is rapidly relapsing into its old condi
tion of inefficiency and disgrace. The evidence
given in the case in question showed that this deputy
entered a store on Fifth street in pursuit of a valua
ble dog belonging to the proprietor, and upon being
remonstrated with for attempting to take the animal
replied in language at once indecent and abusive.
A number of ladies were in the place at the time
and all were immeasurably shocked by the conduct
of the official. When arrested and arraigned for the
offense, the deputy not only admitted the use of the
language, but repeated it in open court, on this occa
sion applying it to the Judge himself. A charge of
assault with a deadly weapon is also pending against
this deputy. It is alleged that he drew a pistol upon
the owner of another dog who objected to his
methods.
This is the old story over again. It is the public
pound in the hands of politicians who have no re
spect for the laws, but who are intent only upon
making fees. During all the years in which the
institution was in charge of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals there was not
a single well founded complaint of lawlessness or
violence. But ever since the Board of Supervisors
took the pound out of the hands of this society and
gave it to a political favorite complaints have been
frequent.
The trouble always was with the pound that hood
lums were given authority to scour the city in search
of stray animals. Perhaps it would be difficult to
get easy going, respectable citizens to enga-ge in this
business, but there is no reason on earth for confer
ring the authority to impound animals upon hood
lums and blackguards.
At one time the pound became so disreputable that
it constituted a factor in politics. Boss Buckley
placed it in charge of the late Jake Lindo, whose
cruelty and lawlessness became so conspicuous that
there was a general protest against his management.
The hoodlums whom he employed used to actually
break into corrals and release cattle for the purpose
of impounding them, and almpst every day they stole
dogs or took them out of the arms of their owners.
The political downfall of Boss Buckley was largely
attributable to Lindo's management of the pound.
There ought to be a lesson in this for the politicians
who are at present running the city government.
FOR MR. MAGUIRE'S INFORMATION
/~* ANDIDATE MAGUIRE, naturally desiring to
I reach the people, presented through The Call
of yesterday a long letter. Whatever of in
terest the letter may have contained, or whatever fal
lacy, there is no purpose now of setting forth. But
the letter closed with a question to which answer is
appropriate and easy:
If Mr. Case will look to the columns of the San
Francisco Call of August 24, 1898 (published early on
that morning and long before the convention had con
eldered any candidate for office), he will find the entire
tlrkc-t, as afterward nominated, duly published. 'Where
did The Call gat the ticket?
The Call got that particular information just as it
had obtained the knowledge in advance that Maguire
was to be the nominee of three parties, or at least
of the fractions of three parties; just as it is now
collecting data pointing to the inevitable conclusion
that Maguire will be defeated. For days before the
Democratic convention was held reporters for this
paper were among the delegates and active politi
cintis. They made inquiries and weighed the an
swers. They ascertained the trend of party opinion
and when the declaration was printed that Maguire
would be the selected candidate no Idle guess was
made.
It is true also that the Republican ticket was pub
lished before the convention had dine its work.
There was nothing strange about this either; it indi
cated merely that the young men of The Call were
active in gathering the ideas of the delegates as soon
as they began to arrive at Sacramento. They felt
the public pulse. That was their object in being
there. Men from all parts of the State were in
terviewed. It was possible thus to obtain the senti
ment of every delegation. Then what could be
more simple than the adducing from the aggregate
of expressions so unreservedly given the certain out
come? This The Call did. Mapnire marvels. Still,
in these days, there is no reason why intelligent news
paper enterprise should create wonder.
Sherman's ambition to become Governor of Ohio
will generally be taken as evidence that the charge
Kgainst him of growing childish is founded on more
than political prejudice.
An evening paper wants to know where Pando got
all that money. No matter. He arot all there was.
JUDGE MAGUIRE ON LAND OWNER
SHIP.
IN his speech of February 4, 1898, to which we have
referred in discussing his livery stable railroading.
Judge Maguire dealt with all that he calls monop
oly and special privilege, which it is his mission to
abolish. He put the private ownership of land in the
pillory with the railroads, and pelted it as a monopoly
worse than all others.
He said: "The Government must ever occupy the
position of a general trustee of the common interests
of the people. Those things that of natural right
belong to all the people are held in trust by the
Government, the only institution that represents all
the people, in trust for the whole people, to be pre
served from generation to generation inviolate, their
use being regulated by the trustee, subject to the
power of popular control as the exigencies of the
time may require. These subjects of common right
should be forever kept open to all the people on
terms as nearly equal as it is possible to make them.
The land of every country, for example, is the com
mon heritage of the people of that country and of
all who come to it by birth or immigration. It is
just as truly the common heritage of the people as
the air and sunlight and it is just as inalienable be
cause it is equally with air and sunlight necessary
to the sustenance of human life. To part with the
right to use the land is as fatal to the natural right
of life as would be alienation of the right to breathe
the atmosphere. But, unlike air and sunshine, land
cannot be used in common, and, unlike air and sun
shine, it can be made the subject of aggression and
monopoly by the strong and cunning to the extent
of interfering with the equal rights of the weak and
undesigning. It is therefore the function of demo
cratic government in dealing with this equ 1 natural
right of the whole people to prevent the interfer
ence of the unscrupulously aggressive with the equal
rights of their fellow men, and in the exercise of that
negative power, to determine by just and general
rules, of uniform application to all citizens and to all
lands, the terms and conditions upon 'which the ac
knowledged natural right of each citizen to his share
in the soil shall be exercised."
He then proceeded to work out his idea, using
drained lands and irrigated lands ajid other kinds of
lands in illustration, and said: "True it is the sys
tem now in vogue, and tolerated by the Democratic
party and by Democrats, but it is equally true that
it is not only an undemocratic system, but an anti-
Democratic system."
It will occur to the common mind that his sus
tained analogy between air and sunshine and land
should logically cease at the point where he admits
that they differ. Air and sunshine are the common
elements necessary to life, which man enjoys in com
mon without his own volition. No labor on his
part is necessary or possible to prepare these for his
use or subject them to it. His enjoyment of the
air, his use of it, is involuntary on his part and con
tinues while he sleeps and his consciousness is en
tirely suspended. His sight, hearing, taste, smell
and touch cease on his pillow, but his use of air to
keep his blood in a state necessary to his life con
tinues without voluntary* labor on his part.
In like manner he uses the sunlight and has its
use in the growth of plants and animals necessary
to his sustenance, without labor on his part. He
does not pry up the sun when it rises in the East, nor
does he toil to send it below the horizon when it
sets and by setting throws all nature into that re
pose in the dark hours which is as necessary to life
as the stimulus of light during the day. With the
use of land by civilized man the case is widely dif
ferent. It is only in savage life that the land is
the property of the commune. To get an illustra
tion of the difference in effect between Judge Ma
guire s communistic ownership of land, and its pri
vate ownership, we must go to barbaric man. He
lived on the soil in that perfect equality of right to
it upon which the Judge insists, but never anywhere
did he subject it to its nobler use. He ranged over
it in perfect equality in pursuit of the game which
pastured on its forage and of the nuts and fruits
which it produced without his labor. But nowhere
in history is it recorded that primitive man invented
or progressed in the arts under such commune own
ership of the soil. His life was leveled down to the
plane of what the soil bore without his labor.
The arts arose when the individual man felt wants
that nature did not spontaneously supply. To meet
those wants he resorted to the soil, put upon it his
labor, and to protect that labor and its fruits as
serted private ownership in what had been the prop
erty of the tribe or commune.
Civilization began with the private ownership of
land. From that point the arts arose and multi
plied, industries varied and were differentiated. When
land was the property of the commune, hunting and
gathering the fruits and nuts it produced sponta
neously were the only industries. The investment
of individual labor upon land to increase its produc
tion required that the laborer own it His labor
and the subjection of the land thereby to nobler uses
produced a surplus of its fruits and gave the owner
that surplus to exchange for what his enlarged wants
••equired. This was produced by other labor in
other industries and the constantly increasing wants
of man as he rose from the communal ownership of
land stimulated ingenuity in supplying them, and
tools, machinery and invention increased man's pro
ductive capacity in all directions. Now, Judge Ma
guire denounces the private owners of land, to whom
we are indebted for the dawn and rise of civilization,
for the differentiation of labor, for the myriad of
inventions which distinguish civilization from bar
barism, as monopolists and aggressors, as the strong
and cunning robbers who have despoiled the weak
and undesigning. For them he has a rod in pickle
in the form of the single tax, provided in amend
ment No. 2of the State constitution. His appeal
is made to those who either by taste, inclination and
training have not become land owners, and to the
other class whose lack of thrift and industry has pre
vented their owning anything.
He arrays the house of want against the house
of have, and tilts at all the results of thrift and in
dustry. The expectations invested in this campaign
are not easily concealed nor mistaken. Every single
taxer in the State who believes in the confiscation
of land supports him. Among them are many Re
publicans. Their attachment to the general prin
ciples of their party and their pride in its history
would naturally command their loyalty to its ticket.
But they support Maguire because he stands for con
fiscation of land, and yet we rre told that land con
fiscation is not in issue in his candidacy.
Any contractor deliberately selling diseased meat
to soldiers or to any one else deserves the severest
punishment the law can mete out. Unfortunately the
law does not go so far as to provide for hanging him
or sentencing him to death by a diet on the meat.
Havana papers are not yet happy, and excerpts from
them read as though they had been taken from within
black borders.
Zola can now make those charges over again and
receive respectful audience*
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
WITH the opening of the State Fair at Sacra
mento a display is made of what Californian
farmers can do in the way of growing prize
products in a dry year. It is a display that could
not be duplicated in any other State even in the best
of seasons, and affords a striking proof of the wide
variety of our rural industries and the general excel
lence of the crops attained no mntter what the con
ditions of the weather may have been during the
growing season.
The agricultural exhibits, however, do not com
pose the whole display by any means. The State
Fair, in fact, is in many respects an exposition of all
the industries of California, and among the exhibits
can be seen evidences of our productive capability
in all lines of work from machinery to fine art. This
tendency toward making at Sacramento something
like a universal display of the industry, ingenuity and
skill of our home workers is a growing one; and
in quite a number of lines the exhibits this year are
larger in quantity, more diverse in nature and better
in quality than ever beiore.
California having been found to be better fitted
for the breeding of fine horses than any other part
of the United States, and probably of the world, and
the tastes of many of our most enterprising mil
lionaires having run in the direction of horse breed
ing, that industry has become one of the most nota
ble of the State; and, as a consequence, racing is
one of the chief features of all our fairs. At Sacra
mento that feature will be particularly prominent this
year, and the new rules and regulations which have
been adopted for the racing events assure results
that will be more than ever gratifying both to horse
men and to the general public.
All the fairs to be held in California this fall have
a special importance from the fact that the time is
at hand when our people must begin preparations
for making an adequate display of the products of
the State at the Paris Exposition in 1900. It is now
certain that the Eastern States are going to enter
the competition seriously and endeavor to eclipse the
world. It is the intention to make at Paris a dis
play which will show that the United States are the
greatest industrial nation on earth, and in carrying
out that intention California will be expected to do
her share.
As the exhibits must be in place when the expo
sition opens in the spring of 1000, the rural display
must be made up from the crop of next year. Con
sequently the fairs of this year afford something like
a rehearsal from which we can learn where the State
can get its finest articles for the coming competition
with the world. Of all the fairs that at Sacramento
will be the most complete and therefore itß exhibits
should be well studied by all who are interested in
our advancing welfare.
A THOROUGHFARE COMPETITION.
ONCE more the capitalists of San Francisco
have united to accomplish a work of great
magnitude, designed to achieve far-reaching
benefits not only for the city, but for the State. The
new movement is an outcome of that which has car
ried the Valley road forward to rapid success, and
will extend the advantages of that road to the people
by connecting it with a great transcontinental system
of railways, thus affording California industries the
benefits of a competing route to all parts of the East.
Rumors of the proposed enterprise have been cur
rent for some time, and reports more or less vague
concerning it have been published in several papers
of the city, but The Call of yesterday was the first
to give an authentic statement of the facts. The
enterprise, which is to consist of the construction of
a line of railway southward from Bakersfield over
the Tejon Pass to a point where it can make con
nection with Eastern lines, has been undertaken by
a company of capitalists and business men, all of this
city. Articles of incorporation are already drawn up
and the work will be pushed forward with as much
energy as that so conspicuously shuwn in the con
struction of the Valley road.
The accomplishment of a competing thoroughfare
across the continent within a time so comparatively
short as that which will have elapsed from the date
when Mr. Claus Spreckels accepted leadership in the
movement for building the Valley road to that which
will mark the completion of the enterprise will be
one of the most notable industrial accomplishments
of the century. It is but a short time ago that the
Southern Pacific monopoly regarded its control of
California as something which could not be shaken
off. The builders of the road down the San Joaquin
showed that this confidence was ill founded, and now
comes a new enterprise which will break the mo
nopoly altogether.
It will be in vain that the Southern Pacific boasts
of the passage of the funding bill for which it has
forght so hard. The competing road will destroy
its power of monopoly, and it will no longer be able
to fix freight rates at all the traffic will bear. The
enterprise of our business men in railroad building
ha« emancipated the city and the State far more com
pletely than the politicians could have done, even
had they fulfilled all the pledges they ever made.
The monopoly is dead. Our industries are free and
the prosperity of the State is now better assured than
ever before in its history.
It is not pleasing to read that teamsters and pack
ers, who were as indispensable as soldiers at Santi
ago, have been left there stranded. Uncle Sam
should send for them and pay them for the suffer
ing to which the stupidity of some official has sub
jected them. Also, he should direct a few personal
'■-'marks toward the official in question.
There are indications that if all the French officials
guilty of crime in establishing the guilt of Dreyfus
were to follow the example of Colonel Henry, who
had the grace to commit suicide, the prisoner would
be tried by an entirely new set and have some show
of fair treatment.
It is to be hoped that Colonel Berry will not carry
out his determination to divide the State. California
is willing to do anything reasonable to oblige the
Colonel, but it does not want to be cut in two merely
because he has been hurt in his feelings.
The returned Klondiker who threw gold out of a
window at Seattle for the fun of seeing the crowd
scramble for it was merely illustrating the old adage
that that sort of a Klondiker and his money are soon
parted.
"I done it with my little telegram," remarks the
managing editor of the Examiner, and he swells to
frightful proportions in contemplation of his prowess
as director-general of the War Department.
There is satisfaction in learning that at least part
of the stories of neglect of soldiers are false. But
what awful liars will be exposed before the end of
the investigation!
Trouble is said to be in store for Premier Sagasta.
The poor man hasn't had anything else since coming
into office and ought to exhaust his personal supply
before long.
THE STATE FAIR-
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. Cross of Stockton Is at the Russ.
C. F. White of Monterey is at the Bald
win.
B. F. Klttridge of New York is at the
California.
Frank A. Fetter of Stanford is at the
Occidental.
J. Manas.se, a merchant of Hanford, is
at the Lick.
P. Swcpd, a merchant of Petaluma, is
at the Grand.
R. H. Flint, a mining man of Angels, is
at the Palace.
H. H. C. Fisher and wife of Hongkong
are at the Occidental.
R. Rowlands, a mine owner of Placer
ville, is at the Grand.
F. J. Solinsky, an attorney of San An
dreas, is at the Grand.
Captain W. H. C. Cook of the Sixth
Regiment is at the Grand.
L. P. St. Clair, a rancher of Bakersfleld,
and wife are at the Rubs.
J. A. Knoblock. a mining man from
Gerome, Ariz., is at the Russ.
George Flournoy Jr., a prominent law
yer of Bakersfleld, is at the Lick.
Dr. Julius Rosenstirn returned yester
day from a trip around the world.
R. M. Shackelford, a grain merchant of
Pa?o Robles, Is at the Occidental.
Dr. U nomas Flint and wife and Thomas
Flint Jr., of San Juan, are at the Palace.
Captain J. E. Lombard. United States
navy, is down from Mare Island for a few
days.
Thomas M. Cobbe, Mrs. L. C. Cobbe and
son, of Los Angeles, are at the Occi
dental.
W E. Dunn, a well-known rancher and
capitalist of Los Angeles, is at the
Palace.
C. B. Shaver of Fresno, manager of the
Fresno Flume and Lumber Company, is
at the Grand.
Frederic Simpson of Sydney, Australia,
is at the Palace on his way to his home
in the colonies.
Amos Burr, the passenger agent of the
Vanderbilt lines in this city, left for the
south yesterday.
A. M. .'fbster of Montevideo, Minn.,
arrived here yesterday. He will take
charge of the Colton High School.
J Adams of the Nickel Plate left last
night for Portland, where he will attend
to Borne important business matters.
MODEST UNCLE SAM.
My name 1b Uncle Bam,
Hereafter folks'll know who I am,
Without compelling me to stand
Around and wait
Until somebody introduces me.
I"d hate
To be _.
Regarded as bumptious, but ,
Whenever there's a nut
That others find too hard to crack,
Why . .
Let them pass It around, and I
Will give It a whack!
Understand that I'm not
One of those who
Like to boast about what
They can do!
I don't care to stand
On the housetop and
Yell ;
I prefer to let my actions tell—
But, still,
I will
Say
That the world may
As well be
Notified that from to-day
It will be well to consider me
When
Big things are to be done
With pen.
Or gun!
I am naturally shy;
I don't like to boast,
But I guess most
Folks'll be willing to admit that T
Am not so
Slow!
I wnuldn"t for the world have it thought
That I'd KOt
The biR head, or
That, having had a taste of war,
I am looking for
Other bullies to
Subdue. .. .„_:; "
No. Vt
I intend to go
My way.
Without a word to say!
I don't propose
To make any big talk-
But 1 have a full set of toes,
And It will not pay anybody to wal>
On the same!
My name
Is Tncle Sam—
I guess most folks know who I am!
Those who don't happen to be
On speaking terms with me
•Will do well to step forward now.
And bow.
I am modest, as I have Bald;
There's no
Blow
About me;
My head
Is the same Blie it used to be!
I don't want to stand
Around and
Tell folks about my own worth —
But I will say,
By the way.
That I'm on earth!
I'm as modept as I ran be;
I blush like a sweet girl graduate—
That's straight.—
But, say. ain't I great?
Let's al! hurrah for me!
— Cleveland L/eader.
RULES OF THE HOUSE.
"How can I learn the rules of the
House?" asked a newly elected Irish
member of the late Mr. Parnell. "By
breaking them," was the prompt reply of
the Irish leader, who, as Is well known,
spoke from experience on the point. But
few members would care to adopt that
heroic method of obtaining the desired
knowledge, and their task in mastering
the rtiles is rendered all the more dif
ficult by the curious fact that many of
these regulations are unwritten.
Some will be found in the standing or
ders, or permanent rules passed from
time to time by the House to regulate
its own procedure, but those that deal
with etiquette and decorum have not
been officially recorded anywhere, save
in a few quaint and obsolete regulations
to be found in the old issues of the jour
nals of the~Hou.se, or in the minutes of
proceedings during the session. For in
stance, a strange rule for the guidance
of the Speaker is set down under the
15th of February, 1620: "The Speaker Is
not to move his hat until the third con
gee." Propriety of carriage in leaving
the chamber is thus enforced: "Those
who go out of the House in «a confused
manner before the Speaker to forfeit
10s." This rule Is dated tne 12th of No
vember, 1840. Again we find that on the
23d of March, 1693. it was ordered: "No
member to take tobacco into the gallery,
or to the table, sitting at committees."
CONFEDERATE RATIONS.
General Shafter. in recounting in a re
port to the President the hardships
through which Ins army passed, said:
"What put my command in its present
condition were the twenty days of the |
campaign when they had nothing but i
meat, bread and coffee, without change of '
clothes, without any shelter whatever, j
and during the period twice as stormy as
it has been since the surrender."
Such a statement makes many of the
Confederate veterans of the Civil War
smile. They can recall that, for the
greater part of the last three years of
their service, they bivouacked, winter and
summer, under the sky. They had no i
tents, and met snow and rain with no !
other shelter than could be constructed
with a blanket and a few fence rails. As i
for a change of clothes, that was a lux
ury rarely enjoyed. And how the starv
ing soldiers at Santiago must have suf
fered on a steady diet of meat, bread and
coffee! In comparison with the luxurious
fare of the Confederates, the Santiago
menu makes a poor show. If General
Shafter had only fed his men on narched i
corn and water every few days he would i
have brought them out of their troubles I
But it is mighty rough on soldiers who I
have to live twenty days on meat, bread
and coffee. The mule meat and corn
dodgers fed to the defenders of Vicksburc
for months in 18fi3 make luxurious fare
compared with what Shatter's men had to
subsist on.— N<^w Orleans Picayune
WAS IT A SPECIAL PROVIDENCE?
Probably Dr. Parkhursfs people do
not feel complimented because light
ning struck their steeple, but they
ought to be thankful that they were hit
by lightning rather than Tammany. In
the latter case there wouldn't be a
stone left standing.— Brooklyn Stand
ard-Union.
GOLD-SEEKERS SHOULD
AVOID FROZEN ALASKA
Captain John MeCafferty, ex-Collector
of Customs for Alaska, arrived from
Dawson City yesterday, by way of Seat
tle. He sounds a note of warning to gold
seekers contemplating n trip to that ice
bound territory. His profession being that
of mining engineer and his mission thither
being strictly within the line of his busi
ness, he had unusually good opportunities
for observation.
His summing up of his experience Is
that the gold placer diggings of Alaska
are short lived and that there are no true
fissure veins in that territory, because the
country is too much broken up and be
cause the geological indications are such
as to warrant the conviction that there
is no gold-bearing quartz "in place."
Large broken "deposits" of gold or bo
nanzas may be found there, but they will
be of the nature of pockets and will not
last.
The most surprising opinion expressed
by him is that the present diggings are on
the point of being worked out and tnat
many of them have barely paid expenses.
He aasertß also that all the stories told
of Klondikers returning with large sums
of money are not true; that in many in
stances men reported to have arrived in
Seattle wealthy had not a dollar to th- r
names and had to be assisted out of Al
aska by friends or charitable miners. The
reason for the false statements circulated
by certain papers in Seattle and this city
is said to be owing to the greed of the
transportation companies for passengers
and freight. In telling- of his experiences,
Mr. MeCafferty said yesterday:
I am direct from Dawson by way of St.
Michael, Dutch Harbor and Seattle. I
sailed from thla port for the Klondike re
gion on the 12th of March last, taking sev
eral tons of freight over the White Pass
trail to Lake Bennett, and ihence in six
cedar scow boats to Dawson, making the
run In nine days, without accident.
Upon arrival I made an examination of
the conditions surrounding the mineral out
look for the Klondike basin or district and
am now In full accord with the published
opinion of Walter de Varila, mining en
gineer and Deputy United Ptates Geological
and Mineral Surveyor. He pointedly asserts
that "the Klondike is a good place from
which to keep away. While a few men
stumble upon the gold, many waste their
energies and exhaust their means in a vain
endeavor to find gold where there is none.
The Klondike, and by the Klondike Is
meant all the auriferous territory on the
Yukon, Is more of a gamble or speculation
than any other placer country in the world,
because it is so uncertain. It is not a true
placer country, and the gold of the Yukon
interior Is the product of erosion, or of ex
ANSWEBS TO CORBESPONDENTS. j
PACIFIC BANK-E. C. X., City. The
Pacific Bank suspended on the 22d of
June, 1893.
TERRIERS— A. S., City. A Scotch ter
rier is good for rodents, but a fox ter
rier is better.
THE LIGHTSHIP— J. W., City. The
lightship is located 11 miles southwest
three-quarters west of Fort Point Light
house.
WINDOW GLASS— W. K. A., City.
There is no window glass factory In this
State at this time, nor is any in proces
of erection.
FLYING EAGLE CENT— J. G. M.. Sac
ramento. An American one-cent piece of
1857, with flying eagle on one side, has a
numismatic value of just one cent.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE— A. B. F.,
City. The baseball schedule of the Pa
cific Coast League was published In the
San Francisco Call May 26, page 12.
NOT SIXTY MILES AN HOU*— Read
er, Terminus, San Joaquin County, Cal.
No ship ever launched in England or any
where else has attained a speed of sixty
miles an hour.
TAX ON MATCHES— A. H. 0., City.
The department of Answers to Corre
spondents is informed that the tax on
matches levied during the civil war was
taken off in 1883.
POPULATION OF CUBA— D. J. T.,
City. The population of Cuba is given
as 1.631.697. Sixty-five per cent of the
number are of the white race and the re
mainder of the negro race.
THE MERMAID— I. A. S., City. The
latest information received in this city In
relation to the bark Mermaid that left
thi? port some time ago for Kotzebue
Sound is that she was in the sound on the
3d of August, 1898.
PEACE RIVER— E. B. 8., City. There
is no special work on the Peace River
district of British Columbia. You can
obtain information about that territory
by inquiry at the office of the British
Consulate In this city.
SHOOTING STAR— A. L. F., City. There
Is a superstition that when a shooting
star, commonly called a falling star,
passes, it denotes the death of some
prominent person, but it is only a super
stition and is not founded on fact.
THE NAVAL ACADEMY— F., Ala
meda, Cal. To ascertain if there is a
vacancy or when there will be one in the
list of appointments to the United States
Naval Academy for the Third Congres
sional District of California, you will
have to address a communication to *he
Representative from that district, S. G.
Hiioorn, Oakland.
THE DOG DAYS— S. A. M., Cornwall.
Cal. "Dog days" is a term applied to
days of great heat. The Roman called
the six or eight hottest weeks of summer
canlculares dies. According to their
theory, the dog star, or Slrius. rising with
the sun, added to its heat, and the dog
days bore the combined heat of the dog
star and the sun. (July 3to August 11.)
BAIT FOR A DUCK POND— F. V. R.,
Oakland, Cal. The amount of wheat that
would be required to bait a duck pond
to give two hunters enough game to shoot
at would depend on the liberality of the
huntsmen. There is no rule as to quan
tity. All that is needed is sufficient to at
tract the attention of the ducks. The pond
should be baited as often as the bait set
has beenexhausted. Hunters on the prem
ises are the best judges of such matters.
If the correspondent is an amateur he
should go out on one or two trips with a
Erofessional and he will learn more than
c could by reading for six months.
STENOGRAPHERS— S. A. M.. City. Tn
San Francisco the reporters for the seve
ral courts are appointed by the Judges
thereof for their respective courts. They
are required to be able to write not less
than 120 words a minute. A stenographer
In a lawyer's office is to take any dicta
tion given. In some offices the sten
ographer is a law student, and when not
doing a stenographer's work he studies
law and performs such duties as are ex
pected of a law student. There is no
fixed rule governing stenographers in law
yers' offices, each office making its own
rule.
i,ONE MOUNTAIN AND CROSS— F.
C. J., City. The mound to the west of
Calvary Cemetery in San Francisco was
\ named Lone Mountain from the fact that
iitis an isolated eminence. The prop
; erty is a part of that owned by the
Catholic church, and the cross on the
top of the mountain was erected in May,
1862, by order of Archbishop Alemany.
It was a plain wooden cross. Its erec
tion was commenced May 10, and it was
finished on the 23d. It was placed
there as an emblem of Christian
ity to mark one of the prominent points
| then in San Francisco.
AN AUTHOR WANTED-An anxious
correspondent from Elk, in this State,
is desirous of obtaining the name of the
author of a poem in which occur the
following lines, also where the whole
poem can be obtained. Can any of the
readers of this department enlighten the
correspondent?
Time rules all. and life ie, indeed, not
The thing we planned it out, ere hope was
dead.
Some griefs prow deep, some woes are hard to
bear,
Who knows the past and Judge us right?
My little child, he sleeps and smiles between
Tnoße thoughts and me. In heaven we shall
know all.
ROMAN NUMERALS— EIaine, City.
There are seven capitals to represent the
tfnct or ancient glaciers carried down by
tliem frnm unknown fountain heads and left
In the crevices, gulches or depressions found
on bedrock. Therefore, the uncertainties of
the Yukon are too great for the average
man to undertake mining up there. Con
sequently a. man can run through a small
fortune in a short time and if he is not
lucky in his first venture he finds himself
a poor man in the must inhospitable coun
try on earth for a poor man."
Such words from so capable a man as
Mr. de Varila should be considered as a
warning to the general public. I know be
yond reasonable doubt that the deliber
ately misleading accounts published by
such newspapers as the Port-Intelligencer
Of Seattle and the Examiner of San Fran
cisco about the rich Klon.llk^rs who have
returned and are to return Induced thou
sands of brave, earnest men all over the
country to go there— s»nrehing fnr a golden
ph.mtom! The managing edltoni of these
sensational newspapers knew that these
stampedes were being starte.l merely to en
rich the outfitters and transportation com
panies. It was the most cruel and heart
less confidence game ever workt-d upon a
confiding people.
While the Klondike discovery developed
into an exceedingly rich find, nevertheless
It Is confined to a small area. That this
may be understood, I say that out of the
1700 or ISoO claims worked in the Klondike
district not over forty on El Dorado and
twenty on Bonanza paid one cent beyond
the working expenses. Fancy, therefore, the
vast amount of capital lost in working
claims which neither paid nor turned out a
single color. The Klondike discovery has
cost the general public not less than $?.">,
000,(00, while the gold dust gathered there
from up to date, will scarcely exceed $:>,
000,000. Somebody, therefore, has been hurt
to the extent of J70,C00,000.
Notwithstanding all statements to the
contrary, the eyes have been picked out of
not only the Klondike basin, but also out
of every district in both Alaska and the
Northwest Territory. The country Is far
too broken for quartz veins, and therefore,
as there is neither farming nor grazing
land in the Territory there Is nothing to fall
back upon. When I left Ilawson, wildcat
claims and claims that had been worked out
were selling from 25 cents up.
As one Instance of the notorious misrep
resentation of the Seattle papers I will
mention the case of a man who came from
Dawson to Seattle penniless, yet who
brought with him, according to the Seattle
Post-Intelligencer, J12.000 in gold dust. I
happened t I know the man, and know that
he did not have a cent. With some others
I made up a purse, bought a suit of clothes
for him and paid his fare from Seattle.
Another man of my acquaintance who had
not a dollar was reputed by the same paper
to be worth JfiO.non.
I have sef men crying like babies be
cause they had sold their homes to raise
the ir.euns with which to get to Dawson and
■were stranded there. They were ashamed
and afraid to go home, because they had
no assurance of being employed when they
got there.
Roman numerals — I for 1, V for 5, X lor
10, L for 60, C for 100, D for 500 and M for
1000. Any other numbers are expressed by
a combination of these letters on the gen
eral principle that such a combination
represents the sum of the value of Its
constituent letters, these being arranged
from left to right in the order of value
and the use of same letter five times or
more being avoided by using letters of
greater value, but when in accordance
with this the same letter would occur
four times it is custo ary to employ the
sub-principle that whenever a letter pre
cedes one of greater value the value of
the two is that of their difference Instead
of their sum. Thus. 11l denotes 3. IV
denotes 4. VI denotes 6. LX 60, XC 90,
XIV 14 and MDCCLXXVI 1776. This sys
tem was suporsoded by the Arabic, not
the Asiatic, system.
A RULE IN EUCHRE— W. F., City.
The law of euchre is that at a four-hand
ed game if a player has a very strong
hand he may play alone — that is, play
single-handed against his two adver
saries. When a player announces that he
will play alone, his partner cannot ob
ject, but must place his cards, however
good they may be, face downward on the
table, and leave himself in the hands of
his partner. A player can play alone
when he or his partner orders up; or when
his partner assists; or, in the case of the
dealer, when he takes up the trump. A
player may also play alone when he
makes the trump, but not when the ad
versary orders up, or assists or makes the
trump. On the subject of scoring the law
Is that if a lone player wins all the tricks
he scores four. If he wins three he scores
one. If he fails to win three tricks the
adversaries score two.
In the case cited in the communication
it appears that the adversary ordered up,
consequently the player could not go it
alone, and further was not entitled to
four points.
ST. SWITHUN— Mrs. S. A. It, Corn
wall, Cal. There is an old saying to the
effect that if it rains on St. Swithun's (or
Swithin) day there will be rain for forty
days. The 15th of July is given as the
saint's day. St. Swithun was an English
ecclesiastic of the ninth century, who was
chaplain to King Egbert ar ' tutor to his
son Ethelwulf; died 862. When Ethel -
wulf came to the throne Swithun held the
office of Chancellor. In £."2 he was creat
ed Bishop of Winchester. Accounts of
him are almost wholly legendary- Ac
cording to William of Malmesbury he was
"a rich treasury of all virtues, and those
in which he took most delight were hu
mility and charity to the poor." He was
buried, according to his own orders, not
in the church, but in the churchyard of
Winchester, that the sweet rain of heaven
might fall upon his grave. A century later
he was canonized, and, according to
legend, the monks who exhumed his re
mains to deposit them in Winchester Cath
edral July 1$ were delayed by violent rains
without intermission for forty days,
whence arose the belief that if it Vains on
St. Swithin's day it will continue for time
stated. A Scotch rhyme says:
St. Swithin's day, git ye do rain, for forty days
it will remain;
St. Swithin'B day, and ye be fair, for forty dayi
will rain nae malr.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
A young white jackdaw has been found
in the grounds of Claremont, Esher, the
residence of the Duchess of Albany. The
Duchess has seen the bird, which has
become a favorite.
iirst and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F«
route. Call at the new ticket office. 62S Market.
MOKI TEA POSITIVELY CTRES SICK
headache, indigestion and constipation. A de
lightful herb drink. Removes all eruptions of
the skin, producing a perfect complexion, or
money refunded. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Volunteers leaving for the South— Provide
yourselves with a bottle of Dr. Siegert's Angos
tura Bitters. Prevents 111 effects of bad water.
The larp*st wild beast bounty payment
ever made in any State is now being made
at Helena. Mont. It amounts to 160,096,
and represents the balance due on the
State's payment on the skins of 16.698
wolves and coyotes killed in 1897.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther,
WOYAL BAKINQ POWOeW CO., NEW YOOK.McNAB WILL
MAKE HIS
LAST STAND
; he Gallaghers Seek
ing His Scalp.
PRIMARIES OR NO PRIMARIES
UNHAPPY PLIGHT OF THE ERST
WHILE CZAR.
Maguire's Supporters Have Com
bined to Freeze the Whisper
ing Boss Out of Local
Politics.
To-morrow "Whispering" Gavin Mc-
Nab, the erstwhile reformer and politi
cal boss, will make a last despairing
effort to retain control of the local De
mocracy. Having been stripped of
whatever limited power he may have
had in the State organization, he now
finds himself confronted with a situa
tion that bids fair. to reduce him to the
ranks in the party organization of
which he has held himself to be the
dictator.
The scene of the struggle is to be the j
meeting of the Democratic City and
County Committee, otherwise known
as the committee of one hundred. His
opponents will be James G. Maguire, j
the Pinto Populist-Sliver Republican- j
Democratic nominee for Governor; j
Mayor Phelan and the Clan Gallagher.
11" he wins he will have control of the
governing body of the local Democ- j
mid he can then revenge himself
for the slight that was put upon him
when he and his blend Max Popper
were given the glassy eye by Maguire ;
when the selections for the twenty
members at large of the State Central
Committee were being made. If he
loses he will be relegated to the polit- I
ical scrap heap and the scenes that |
knew him once will know him no more
forever.
It is to be the last stand of the whis- j
perlng boss. His leaders, such as |
Mayor Phelan, Schoolboy Alford, Gould
and the Gallaghers, have deserted his
standard and joined the ranks of the
enemy. Of his erstwhile friends and
nantfl there remains but Max
■r and Sammy Braunhart. Some I
assion is felt for those two gen- }
tlemen, for In the event of defeat they j
will be unable to exclaim, "All is lost ,
save honor." i
The issue on which the McNab and
Maguire forces will do battle is that of
a primary election for the selection of
delegates to the municipal convention.
Maguire and the Gallaghers desire that ;
a primary be held in order to concili- ;
ate the Harney-Rainey forces. Me-
Nab objects to a primary because he
has not enough followers among the
rank and file of the party to secure the j
election of his delegates.
After the late Democratic convention
at Sacramento, at which Maguire and
the other nominees of the Populist |
party were ratified, it was pointed out |
to Magulre that his only chance of j
election was to secure a large Demo
eratlc majority in San Francisco. He
studied the situation and then an- j
nounced to the Gallaghers that he be
lieved it would be necessary to make
peace with the HarneyVßainey Demo- |
crats as the initial step toward the de- ]
sired and necessary majority. To do j
this he would have to turn down the j
McNab people. This was a task that j
required the exercise of considerable
diplomacy, for the reason that the
aforesaid Democratic convention had j
recognized the McNab organization as j
the only true governing body of the
San Francisco Democracy.
The scheme hit upon was to ignore >
McNab and his supporters in the make
up of the State Central Committee and j
thus prevent the Whispering Boss
from practicing his peculiar political j
tactics on that body. Having accom
(l this it was then agreed that the
influence of the Maguire-Gallaghers
and the State Central Committee j
phould be brought to bear on the com
mittee of one hundred to force it if
possible to direct that a primary be ,
hold for the election of delegates to the ;
municipal convention. If such a scheme
could be carried through it would give
the Harney-Rainey Democrats the op
portunity "they have been waiting for,
as there ia little doubt of their ability
to carry a primary election and secure
the election of their delegates as
against those of the Whispering Boss.
The successful conduct of this plan
would result in carrying out the wishes I
of Maguire and his advisers and at the
Fame time would not be antagonistic to
the implied mandate of the State Con
vention.
The first part of the plan was entirely
■within Maguire's hands and it was car
ried out to the letter. In selecting the
twenty members at large of the State
Central Committee Maguire ignored
McNab and his friends and appointed
only such men as he could depend upon
to stand by himself and the Gallaghers.
McNab is still kicking, but his protests
have been ignored and arrangements
have gone steadily forward In the in
terest of the final and most Important
part of the plan.
A meeting of the committee of one
hundred has been called for to-morrow
night and it is proposed at that time
to bring up the question of holding pri
maries. If the Maguire-Gallaghers can
succeed in controlling a majority of the
committee a primary election will be
ordered and McNab's race will be run.
In the meantime the Harney-Rainey
forces are taking it easy, being con
vinced that Maguire cannot do without
them aiul that he will be forced to
grant them recognition In one form or
another.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
WANT TO HOLD OFFICE.
Some of the Aspirants for Political
Promotion at the Coming
Election.
James P. Fitzgf-rald, who Js in the em
ploy of Murphy, Grant & Co., is seeking
the nomination for Assemblyman in the
Thirty-first District, from the McNab-
Phelan wing of the local Democracy.
Acting District Attorney John A. Hos
im;r, ex-Judge John F. Finn and Alfred P.
Black are among the latest candidates in
the field for Superior Judge on the Repub
lican ticket.
Kx-School Director Emmet Barrett is
seeking the Republican nomination for
Auditor.
Oscar Tolle, a deputy county clerk,
would not decline the Republican nomina
tion for Tax Collector.
Asa R Wells and ex-Sheriff Laumeister
are being boomed by their friends for the
Republican nomination for Mayor.
Police Judges Slogan, Conlan, Joachim-
and I^ow are peeking renomination. A.
r B. Treadwell wants one of the places on
the Republican ticket, and Prosecuting
Attorney J. A. Spinetti expects to be one
of the Democratic nominees for Police
Judge. „ «
. Thomas "W. Collins and J. E. Snook are
b< eking the Republican nomination rfor
Recorder. Ex-State Senator Thomas Pin
dcr and Thomas Glynn, the incumbent,
are prominent among the Democratic as
pirants for the nomination.
The opponents of Congressman Loud
are talking of putting forward the names
of Frank McGowan and A. G. Booth for
the nomination.
BEPUBLICANS ORGANIST 1 ..
Western Addition Voters Form a
CJub to Boom Julius Kahn's
Candidacy.
A large number of Republican voters of
the Twenty-fourth Senatorial District met
last evening at Turners' Hall. 31S0 O'Far
rell street, and organized a Julius Kahn
Republican Club. The following officers
were elected: President, Leon Frank;
vice-president, Ed J. Morris: second vice
president. Frank Redell; treasurer. Wil
liam Levfson; recording secretary. W. A.
Blakely; financial secretary, William Mil
: ler; corresponding secretary, P. Lrieh;
1 sorgeant-at-arms. John J. Flaherty; as
j sistant sergeant-at-arms, M. J. Keenan.
I Executive committee: William Levlson,
, M. Dunn, Leon Frank. William Hryant.
Henry McKinnon, John F. Flaherty, Fred
| Butler and Charles Blrdsall.
The club has decided in the near future
to hold ,i mass-meeting. The chair ap
pointed the following committee to wait
on Mr. Kahn and invite him to address
the meeting: Leon Frank, Ed. J. Morris,
William Levison and W. A. Blakely.
The club before adjourning agreed to
meet the first and third Monday of each
month until the close of the campaign.
Sixty-five members signed the roll. The
club gave three rousing cheers for Henry
T. Gage. Julius Kahn and the Republican
party and then adjourned.
ANTI-CIVIL SERVICE.
Meeting of the League Having for
Its Purpose the Abolishment
of the Institution.
The executive committee of the Antl-
Clvll Service Republican State League
held a largely attended meeting 1 at the
secretary's office in the Parrott building
yesterday afternoon. It was decided to
send circulars throughout the State in
relation to civil service and to Invite the
candidates to declare their opinions of
the Fame. It was decided to hold the
nominating convention the last week in
September. A resolution was passed re
gretting that the Republican convention
did not insert an anti-civil service clause
in its platform. Short speeches were
made by Messrs. Mueller, Moore, Ramsey
and other members of the league, pre
dicting the success of the principles of the
anti-civil service movement. Several vet
erans of the Civil War and members of
the league complained that they had been
removed without cause under the Demo
cratic administration on account of being
Republicans, but because of the magnani
mous ruling of President MoKinley they
could not be reinstated, and they bitterly
denounced the entire civil service system
as being a political humbug, a fraud, a
delusion and entirely un-American. The
meetings of the league committees will
be held weekly hereafter.
DISTRICT CONVENTIONS.
Dates for Making the First Equaliza
tion, Second Railroad and Fifth
Congressional Nominations.
A convention of the Republican dele
gates of the Second Railroad District will
be held next Saturday morning at 11
o'clock In Laurel Hall. Shiels building, for
the purpose of nominating a candidate for
Railroad Commissioner.
The Firet Equalization District conven
tion will meet at the same time and place
to nominate a member for the State
Board of Equalization.
It was generally believed that the Fifth
Republican Congressional District nomin
ating convention would be held at San
Jose., but a call was Issued yesterday for
a meeting at 11:30 o'clock next Saturday
morning in the Shiels building. Congress
man Eugrene F. Loud is said to have the
Inside track for the nomination. State
Senator Ed I. Wolte has not given up.
however, and hopes to secure the coveted
political plum. Ex-Judge D. J. Murphy,
who was mentioned as an aspirant, has
withdrawn and will seek the Republican
nomination for District Attorney.
Umatilla Republican Club.
The I'mntilla R -publican Club held a
meeting Saturday evening and elected the
following officers: Thomaa M. Coleman,
president: L. C. Henry, vice-president;
R. Barnett, second vice-president; E.
H. Chamberlln, third vioe^-presldent;
Harry A. Welch, treasurer; Martin
Reams, financial secretary; James Dowa,
recording secretary.
Executive committee— L. Hammersmith,
chairman; G. Wallln, E. Lochbaum, J. H.
Coleman, A. Deam, E. Alerson, W. T.
Adams, William Hardy, J. Dwyer, Charles
Lajidlo; serg-eant-at-arms, John Coleman.
Alter the election of officers the meet-
Ing was addressed by E. H. Chamberlln,
A. B. Tredwcll, Thomas M. Coleman and
Henry A. Welch. Resolutions were passed
Indorsing Henry T. Gage for Go% r ernor
and the Republican State ticket. A reso
lution indorsing Julius Kahn for Con
gressman of the Fourth District was
adopted with great applause.
The meeting adjourned with rouelng
cheers for the State ticket and for Wil
liam McKinley. The club will hold Its
first grand ratification meeting and will
give an entertainment on the evening of
Saturday, September 17.
Talked Without a Permit.
OAKLAND. Sept. 5.— M. W. Wllklns.
editor of a loral Socialist paper, was ar
rested this evening by Sergeant Peterson
at Tenth street and Broadway for vio
lating ordinance 16T6, In that he was
haranguing on the streets without a per
mit from the Mayor. He was released on
$20 ball.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
WILL SHE PROVE A PROPHETESS ?
Mary Linck of the Tivoli Company Takes a
Firm Stand for English Opera.
Time will tell If Mary Linok, the talented contralto of th« Tlvoll
Grand Opera Company, is a prophetess or not.
Miss Linck maintains that English is surely and nuiekly superseding:
Italian in grand cpera, and goes
further in declaring that the time
Is not far distant when only Eng
lish singing artists will tread tha
American operatic stage.
Miss Linck is the /lrst artiste to
make a decided stand for her na
tive tongue. Although, like all
other singers, her greatest desire
!b to appear at the Metropolitan
in New York, still she has refused
many splendid and tempting of
fers because the contract for such
engagements demands that the
artiste sing her role In Italian.
Many other prominent artists,
Miss Linck declares, are in sym
pathy with the English move
ment and, like her, affirm that
opera in Italian is an exploded
idea; prominent among the ar
tists is Mme. Melba, who stands
ready to give grand opera in Eng
lish when the time and the peo
ple shall so demand.
Miss Linck has had a wide Eu
ropean experience and speaks
with the authority of one who
has traveled a great deal, seen
much and carefully observed all.
"In France they sing altogether
iti French," said the talented,
stanch American girl, "in Aus
tria and all the German States in
German; in Russia, in Franoh,
the court language, and also in
Russian, and in England in
English. Only in America they
do not appreciate the beauty of
their own tongue and accept their
music In a foreign language.
"When an American goes to Europe to sing, the people demand that
he or she sfng in the language of the country, and go still further and
exact a perfect command and pronunciation of that language. Tet for
eigners come to us every day and do not even make the attempt to under
stand our language, still less to master it."
MIF3 Linck is a typical American girl and has all the "go," self
possession, witchery and determination for which :he American girl is
famous. She made her operatic debut in Edinburgh, and has played
throughout Italy and in all the largo German and English cities. In Lon
don she did considerable "drawing room" work, and in Italy hobnobbed
with royalty. But all the attention of the foreigners could not win the
American heart of the fascinating contralto whose motto is "America
first," and whose banner bears the standard, "English opera,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 0, 1898.
NO HOLIDAY
IN POLITICS
Labor Day Came Too
Near the Primaries.
DALTON'S COURSE CLEAR
WILL NOT RISK ANYTHING TO
GET A NOMINATION.
A Desire for Purity at the Primary
Receives the Approval of
the County Com
mittee.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 5.
Although this Is a legal holiday the
county primaries are too close at hand
to admit of a cessation from labor on the
part of the politicians. All the county
and city offices being closed, gave the
Incumbents and candidates an opportu
nity to lay down their pens and "do poll
tics."
"Doing" politics in Oakland Is a com
bination of "jollying" people along, writ-
Ing communications for publication, play-
Ing nlckel-in-the-slot machines with the
crowd and tacking faces on electric light
poles and country fences. These were
the pastimes in which the candidates in
dulged to-day, and along these lines much
politics was "done." Outside of a few
offices the various struggles for places on
the county ticket are narrowing down
fast.
There is little doubt that Assessor Dal
ton will be given a place on the Repub
lican ticket, although it Is not yet quite
clear how such a result will be achieved.
Mr. Dalton is not positive that he can
secure the delegation from his own ward,
although he is very confident as to his
standing before the county at large.
There is one danger which he Is studying
carefully to avoid. Should he receive the
support of his ward and his name be
submitted to the convention, It is Just
possible that a scheme might be hatched
to prevent his nomination, and this would
of course prevent him from running as
an Independent candidate afterward.
There are those who would like to see
such a scheme prevail, and it is this
knowledge that has kept the Assessor
so long hesitating as to the course he will
pursue.
Although four months must elapse be
fore Oakland will nominate her next
Mayor, and although a county and State
campaign must intervene, these circum
stances do not prevent the ambitious
from already laying their wires. It is
hinted that Councilman H. D. Howe of
East Oakland would like to head the
next municipal Republican ticket, and
one of the Inspired has made the state
ment that Justice Fred Wood has sug
gested to himself that to be successor
to Mayor Thomas would be rather pleas
ant Auditor Snow is already forecasted
as usual, and as usual will probably be
able to get anything he wants.
The many suggestive incidents having
some connection with the water com
panies seem to indicate that the old-time
struggle is by no means dead. Three
times during the present municipal ad
ministration the apparent control of the
powers that be has switched around, with
every indication that the sails are even
now being trimmed to catch a new breeze,
the approach of which has evidently been
forecasted.
Political Oakland cannot but be amused
at the suggestion that a desire for purity
at the primaries should come from the
Fourth ward. At some recent primaries
Mayor Thomas stated that he saw one
person vote three times in five minutes in
the Fourth Ward, and one of the officers
of election admitted confidentially that
one man had voted twice, and conse
quently it is interesting to know that
where such practices were tolerated a
few weeks ago reform is now sought. At
the suggestion of District Attorney Snook
the county committee has agreed to havo
two watchers, named by the various fac
tions, to look out for their Interests at the
primaries. This suggestion is more
strange in that the only factions to com
pete at the polls in the Fourth Ward are
those represented by Mr. Snook and Mr.
Church, who have for ten years done very
successful politics together. When Mr.
Snook made the suggestion Committee
man Church Inquired if he made it as
representing the District Attorney's of
fice, to which Snook replied that he mere
ly did it as a citizen. This brought from
Church the reply that he merely asked
Mr. Snook the question "as a citizen."
Evidently wurm times are developing in
the fighting Fourth.
Laguna Democratic Club.
A -well-attended meeting of the Lagima
Democratic Club was held laat night In
Swiss Hall, on the corner of Fell and
Franklin streets. Arrangements were
made for taking part in a general meeting
of the Democrats of the Thirty-seventh
District next Monday night in Mowry'g
Hall.
"A MARRIAGE OF
CONVENIENCE"
Henry Miller Presents a
Delightful Comedy.
"THE FIRST BORN" REVIVED
"LOST— HOURS" AT THE
. COLUMBIA.
"Shall We Forgive Her" a Success at
— Alhamhra, Comedy
and Orpheum Playing to
"Good Houses.
"A Marriage of Convenience," a four
act "comedy of manners," was presented
at the Baldwin last night by Henry Miller
and the Frohman company to a very fair
house. It is one of those subdued,
smooth-running plays which pleases
without exciting and accomplishes the ob
ject of the players without the necessity
of hysterical applause. In fact, the audi
ence seems to enter into the manner and
method of these mimics of the people of
another age and appear to be concerned
lest they become too demonstrative in
their appreciation of the art of the au
thor and actor.
The scenes of "A Marriage of Conveni
ence" are laid in Paris in the time of
Louis XV among the most polite and
courtly people of any age, and we are
shown Mr. Miller in the guise of a hus
band (Comte de Candale) who neither
loves nor knows his wife and whose
ideas of the proprieties are in harmony
with that peculiar epoch. A persistent
suitor of the Comtesse and a flery old
uncle of the Comte from the provinces
assist in complicating matters to a point
where a separation is agreed upon three
days after the wedding, and the husband
then discovers that he Ib in love with his
wife and possesses her affection, after
which he fights a duel and happiness
comes into the castle.
The part assumed by Mr. Miller is per
fectly suited to him,- and his portrayal
thereof is something the lovers of high
comedy can thoroughly appreciate. As
the careless, courtly gentleman of many
amours he is all that could be desired.
Miss Mabel Bert as the Comtesse plays
a trying part in a most delightful man
ner, and Miss Margaret Dale presents the
ideal French handmaid. Charles R.
Welles as the Chevalier, hopelessly in
love with the Comtesso, has a part well
suited to his abilities, while Arthur El
liott as the choleric uncle, who finally
brings about a happy solution of the mar
riage puzzle, offers an able, character
istic and highly entertaining study.
The gowning of the Comtesse, the cos
tumes of the gentlemen and the stage
settings were magnificent, everything
combining to make a finished and charm-
Ing production.
Monday night next will see the return
to the Baldwin Theater of Modjeska in
a revival of the successes which have
charmed the public and placed her name
at the head of the list of English-speak
ing actresses. She will also present to
us during her engagement a most elab
orate and characteristic production of
Shakespeare's "Antony and Cleopatra,"
which has been in preparation for a long
time, and owing to its magnitude will
not be ready until her second week. Her
repertoire for the first week is us fol
lows: Monday and Thursday, "Mary Stu
art"; Tuesday, "Magda"; Wednesday and
Saturday nights "Macbeth"; Friday, "Ca
mille," and at the Saturday matinee
"As You Like It." Among the many
prominent members of her supporting
company are Charles D. Herman, Lester
Lonergan, John A. Lane, Mark Fenton,
Wadsworth Harris, Anna Proctor, Mrs.
H. K. Berg-ant and others.
The Alcazar.
The spell of the mascot— the little child's
shoe that hangs on the dusty wall of the
Alcazar Theater— has again cast Its in
fluence over "The First Born," which was
presented last evening after an absence
of many months. Francis Powers' Chi
nese play is well known in this city,
having been produced here one hundred
times, and comment upon the piece Is un
necessary. It is one of those quaint little
tragedies that the people never seem to
grow tired of, and the theater was filled
to the doors last evening. It was preceded
by Nat C. Goodwin's farce "Turned L'p,"
which, true to its name, places the char
acters in the most amusing situations
and keeps the audience In a roar of laugh
ter all of the time. There were over a
dozen people "Turned Up," and each con
tributed his or her share of fun.
But it waa "The First Born" that the.
people went to see, and the manifesta
tion of appreciation showed that it has
lost nothing by a change in some of tne
artists. The character of Loaey Tsing,
the slave girl, was taken by Miss Gert
rude Tldball, who carries her lines in the
same vein as May Buckley, her predeces
sor In that paft. The character of Chan
Wan, the deserted husband and father of
little Chan Toy, the first born, was as
sumed by Ernest Hastings, who entered
as much into the spirit of the piece as the
author, Powers. During the first act
Hastings introduced a small feature not
In the play by cutting his wrist with
his highbinder knife wnile carrying his
murdered boy from the house of his mor
tal enemy, Man Low Yek. The injury
was not serious. For a short part, that
of Cho Pow, the nurse (Miss Marie
Howe), was well rendered. George Os
borne, as Dr. Pow Len. the Chinese phy
sician, portrayed all that is In the char
acter. All or the other artists showed
care and study in their lines. One of the
most striking features of the piece is the
music, produced by Lee Johnson, which,
while not strictly Chinese, is a fair pres
entation of the Oriental conception of the
melodious. It is believed that "The First
Born" will continue to draw well.
At the Columbia.
The closing week of the Frawley Com
pany's engagement at the Columbia The
ater commenced last night with a revi
val of the popular comedy "Lost— 24
Hours." The audience was not so large
as it ought to have been, and was besides
cold ana unsympathetic. Notwithstand
ing these drawbacks the company gave
an artistic performance. Edward M. Bell
and Louis Payne as the Swift brothers
were particularly good. Sam Edwards
made his reappearance after his illness,
and was cordially received. Miss Lucille
La Verne also made her bow for tho
first time as a regular member of the
company, and played the part of the
sporty Mrs. Dacre admirably.
The Orpheum.
Several scores of people who came late
were obliged to go away from the doors
of the Orpheum last night, for all the
available seats In the house were filled
shortly after the rise of the curtain. There
is a splendid bill this week, the favorites
of last week and the new members mak
ing a strong and harmonious combination.
Slgnor Abramoff and the Pasqualls vere
called before the curtain three times for
their excellent singing of the prison scene
from "Faust." Charles Baron kept the
spectators bubbling with merriment with
his lion dogs. Barney Fagan and Henri
etta Byron were as crisp as ever and
Charles T. Aldrich was as unique and as
side-splitting as he was last week. Irene
Franklin, petite soubrette, has a pleasing
voice and a quiet, graceful manner. Felix
Morris, with his charming comedy "A
Game of Cards," made a hit with one of
the best bits of character acting seen In
thiß city for many a day. Favor and Sin
clair, In "The Maguires," were irresist
ibly funny and are at the top of their
class. The seven Tow-Zoo-In Arabs gave
some clever acrobatic feats, and the
American biograph delighted the specta
tors as the wind-up of an evening of first
class entertainment.
Morosco's.
"Shall We Forgive Her?" is the best
thing the Grand Opera-house has given
Its patrons In months. It was well staged
and particularly well played. Every one
of the characters was fittingly portrayed
and toward the end Miss Grace Addlson
did so well that she was hissed off the
stage for her clever acting of the part of
Joanna. As Nellie West, Miss Lillian
Elliot was very entertaining, while Leslie
Morosco as Reggie "Walton made a capital
lover. In fact, tne whole cast Is good, and
"Shall We Forgave Her?" should crowd
the Grand Opera-house nightly.
There will be a special holiday matinee
performance of this play on Friday next
(Admission day).
The Tivoli.
Verdi's immortal "Rigoletto" opened
the sixth week of the grand opera sea
son at the Tivoli last night before a large
and enthusiastic audience.
Sig. Maurice de Vries in the title role
was certainly the drawing card. Mr. de
Vries' Rigoletto has a world-wide repu
tation, and ho is considered one of the
best living translators of this difficult
part. His voice and artistic abilities are
admirably suited to give a character
study of this kind, and he must have felt
proud when he perceived how much his
art was appreciated by the audience.
Miss Lichter wtis charming, as usual,
and she was received very cordially. Mag
dalena was sung by Miss Mary Linck
with great fervor, and her conception of
this part was extremely pleasing. Her
contralto has a very pathetic ring, and
she can rise in some scenes to absolute
greatness.
Miss Merrill sang the small part of Gi
ovanna with good success. She Is a na
tive of this city, and it seems that she
will have a bright future before her aa
an opera singer.
Sig. Wanrell's Sparafueile was sung
ver> creditably, and received due appre
ciation. It is regrettable, however, that
even the polyglots cannot understand
him in his articulation of the Italian lan
guage. Mr. Rhys Thomas, as the Duke
of Mantua, sang with his usual effort
to please and succeeded very well. It was
his best performance in grand opera thus
far.
To-night "iAicretia Borgia" will be giv
en, with Miss Marie Urandis in the title
role, and Mr. William Pruette as the
Duke of Ferrara. Gennaro lies in the
hands of Sig. Zerni.
Comedy Theater.
"The Leading Man," as presented by the
Pacheco Ideal Comic Opera Company, at
the Comedy Theater, is a very enjoyable
affair. It is much improved from the
first night's production, and is receiving
Its share of patronage. Matinees Wednes
day and Saturday.
The Alhambra.
The bill at the Alhambra appears to
have caught the public fancy. There were
crowded houses on Sunday and last night.
The presentation of the various acts now
goes smoothly. The same bill holds dur
ing the week.
Chutes Theater.
The reproduction of the Spanish bull
fight in nine pcenes was startlingly realis
tic at the Chutes last evening. From the
driving of the bulls into the inclosure to
the final death of the tortured animal
every phase of the brutal sport was faith
fully depicted and heartily hissed. Noth
ing like it has ever been seen in America.
The new bill was very good, and Pearl
Haight, the "American Anna Held," was
cordially greeted. She has the form and
face of the French milk bather, and imi
tates her in a thoroughly satisfactory
manner. Thomas K. Ryan is a funny ex
temporaneous singer, and Eusapla, fire
dancer, has some novel and pleasing ef
fects. Mac Tunison, soprano, was warmly
received, and the three De Novas, aerial
performers, and Conlon and Ryder, acro
batic comedians, repeated their hits of
last week. In the zoo a "laughing jack
ass" and carpet snakp from Australia are
novelties. The daily matinees in the Free
Theater are always well attended.
Perkins Republican Club.
The Perkins Republican Club of the
Forty-fourth Assembly District met last
evening and elected officers for the com
ing campaign. The Perkins club is the
oldest Republican club in the northern
section of this city, and this is the third
campaign in which the members have
taken active part. The following officers
were elected: President, George Faber'
first vice president, A. Suarez; second
vice president, Charles Bacz; secretary,
Ed WHlman; treasurer, R. Garcia; ser
geant at arms, F. Whalen; executive
committee— George Strohl. A. Denegir, H.
fllrich, I. Samuels, F. Martinell: cam
paign committee— L. Strohl, H. Nellman,
F. Rodriguez, William Fey, F. Fregualia.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ever
Drink Coffee?
Americans' Best
THAT'S THE Cpff GC
try It
YOU SAVE
5 Cents per * f*^ ££
Pound on V-«OlICC
| A Cents per TVa* i
IV Pound on JL *CclO
. \ AND GBT A
Beautiful Present
with Each Pound
Free
&reat American Importiiiff Tea Co.'s
MONEY-SAVING STORES
861 Market st., oppo- 705 Larkln st.
■•i -•■-■. site Powell. 1419 Polk st.
140 Sixth st. 1819 Devisadero st.
218 Third st. 2008 Flllmore st.
606 Kearny st. 521 Montgomery aye.
146 Ninth st. 1190 Kentucky st.
2510 Mission st. . 5285 Mission st.
2006 Sixteenth st. 52 Market st. ■". ':
355 Hayes st.
OAKLAND STORES
1053 Washington st. ISI San Pablo 'aye.
917 Broadway. ■ 616 E. Twelfth st.
1510. Seventh st.
ALAMEDA— I3SS '. Park st.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed PREB on
application. . ■ ■-
SALARY WARRANTS
For August, payable in November, bought at
2 per cent discount. AUGUST WEIHE, 408
Montgomery street, room 10. ' '
AMUSEMENTS. ." '• "
JfttfHfift
Corner Eddy, and Jones • Streets. • ■•;"■.; ■?-'■!
Reached by Every Car Line In the City. :
Grandest Opening In the History of San Fran-
cisco! The Audience Enraptured! .Thousands
Turned Away! The ' Vaudeville Hit of , the
Century! - -. . . . .'
MR. and MRS. SIDNEY DREW, ' SIGNOR
DEL - PI'ENTE. - CORINNE. MISS EDITH
HALL. MR. JOHN BYRNE. MONSIEUR DE
VTLLIERB. ■"■■•■" POWERS ; and HYDE, THREE
ROSSIS. MR. and MRS. HARPER.
':->■ Reserved ■ seats, 25c; . opera.;chalrs '■ and . box
Beats. 'soc; Bejle stage boxes, holding 6 person*.
$4. - Matinee • Wednesday, • ! Saturday | and . Sun-
day, 25c; :: children. 10c. Box office ■ open ; from
9 a. m. to 10 p. m. Telephone South 435. •■■;-<-■■■■
EXTRA MATINEE NEXT FRIDAY, Admission Day.
AT f7 A 7 AD Seats by Phone,
±\L^\^r\Z^r\.t\ MAIN 254.
HOLIDAY MATINEE ■ FRIDAY.
:. As popular as ever, "■
"THE FIRST BORN I"
POWERS' CHINESE TRAGEDY. '
Preceded by N. C. Goodwin's Farcical Comedy,
••TURNED UP."
". Prices, '? 15c, ; 26c,] 30c, 60c. - , • '
fll YMPIA Edd - V : cor. ' Mason— MOßE : EAST-
IITiriA ERN > STARS. . ' MADELINE, New
York's Favorite Dancer: TRIXEDO; EL NINO
EDDY; v KELLY » & VIOLET ; » D ARRKLL &
MILLER; ROCKWELL; ROYCE SISTERS, and
others. ■ Admission ; Free. .; Matinee ; Sanuay. . ;■.
" ADVERTISEMENTS.
■-■ -■- ■- ■ -■ -■ -■- ■ -■ -■-■-
I -. v . .. ■ . . : . . .- , -.. , .. . . .
t CITY OF wBpII PARIS
B
1 DRY OOODS GQMPANY.
T DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT.
B . ' ■ - - ■:-'-.'? V:-"-
I We are now offering special inducements on the open-
: J ' . ing of the fall trade.
j T ■''• In all prades of Blankets (our own make) ■ - ,
' a WHITE BED SPREADS (our own importation).
I COMFORTERS, in all qualities.
B BLANKETS for bath robes.
1 , TRAVELING RUGS suitable; for Golf Capes.
| SHEETS and PILLOW SLIPS in all sizes in Hemmed and H. Best
n . grades only.
I H. S. LINEN SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES.
' Still further reductions in our odd lot COMFORTERS from 50c upward.
I TABLE LINENS, one of our great specialties.
7 We carry the finest stock in the city, either in goods by the yard, in
I r . : ' cloths, or sets.
I Special line Just opened in H..S. CLOTHS AND SETS at lower prices
H than ever offered before in this city.
I TOWELS of every description at popular prices, in Huck, Damask,
H ' Christy's Turkish, Cash's Tape and Diaper, etc., etc.
B ' COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
■If CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
■ SE. Corner Geary and Stockton' Streets, S. F.
1 UNION SQUARE.
AMUSEMENTS.
Greatest Military Peace Jubilee
Ever field on the Pacific Coast.
THE IRISH FAIR
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
TO-NIGHT,
325 Musicians, Buglers, Fife and Drum Corps
and Bandmasters at one time, in one building,
playing national airs together.
GRAND MILITARY BAND CELEBRATION.
Eight Bands from the U. S. Volunteer Regi-
ments In one Band Concert, with Bennett s
Exposition Band.
TUESDAY EVENING, SEPTEMBER 6TH.
Come and hear the Fifty-first lowa Band, the
Seventh California Band, the First Tennessee
Band, the Eighth California Band, the Twen-
tieth Kansas Band, the Fourteenth Regiment
Band, Bennett's Band, the Cadets' Band, the
League of the Cross Band and other musical
organizations In one grand concert.
This will be a fitting celebration of peace.
As a conclusion of this grand concert there
will be Three Hundred Musicians in one band
playing the national anthems at 10 o'clock to-
The most novel, astonishinr and beautiful
entertainment ever witnessed In San Francisco.
This afternoon free souvenir Irish Fair Tiles
to ladles buying tickets at the box office.
To-morrow (Wednesday), Union Iron Works
night Butchers' Board of Trade night. Jour-
neyman Butcher*' night, Oakland and Ala-
meda day and night St. Patrick's Alliance of
America entertainment Friday night is Mun-
ster Province celebration.
The last nve days to stand on the earth from
old Ireland. Come and aid in the good work of
building an Irish Society Hall.
Admission 25c. Children 10c.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
Revival of the Two Comedy Hits.
TO-NIGHT and WEDNESDAY,
"LOST-24 HOURS."
Remainder of Week,
"NUMBER MINE"
Comedies of the highest merit. Presented by
competent casts.
Next Monday— "Hoyt's "A Milk White Flag."
BALDWIN THEATER.
THIRD AND LAST WEEK.
Charles Frohman Present*
MR. HENRY MILLER
In the Comedy of Manners,
•A MARRIAGE OF CONVENIENCE »
Adapted by Sydney Grundy, author of "Sowing
the Wind."
SPEClAL— "Heartsease" Matinee, Wednesday,
September 7.
Next Monday— MODJESKA In gTeat repertoire.
MOROSCO'S GRAND S
Walter Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . lOc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
Special Holiday Matinee, Friday, September 9
WEEK OF SEPTEMBER 5, IS9B.
First Time at This Theater of Frank Harvey's
New Domestic Comedy-drama,
"SHALL WE
FORGIVE HER!"
Wholesome, Original, Unique! New Scenery
and Properties! A Strong Cast!
First Appearance at This Theater of the Tal-
ented Eastern Actress,
MISS GRACE ADDISON.
Reappearance of MISS JULIA BLANC.
n fp%t\ PI HO?
A Rhode Island Clergyman, speaking very earnestly ot
Ms experience, declares : "In all cases of indigestion, insomnia,
nervousness and allied ailments, I have found
Ripans Tabules
of inestimable value. I know of a score or more In this immei.
dlatC; neighborhood who have been greatly benefited or per-
* manently cured by use of them. I can say nothing too strong
in favor of the . medicic«. ; It will do more than the tnaken ■
Claim Cor it."
AMUSEMENTS.
Greatest Aggregation of NOTED VAODEVILLIANB.
The Legitimate Comedy Star, FELIX MOR-
RIS & COMPANY, in the One-Act Comedy,
"A Game of Cards."
THE EIGHT TON-ZOON-IN ARABS,
World's Latent Acrobatic Novelty.
EDWIN M. FAVOR & EDITH SINCLAIR.
Laughable Farce, "The McGuires."
IRENE FRANKLIN. Character Soubrette.
THE PAPQUALIS & SKI. ABRAMOFF, the
I Prison Scene from "Faust."
BARNEY FAGAN & HENRIETTA BYRON.
I CHAS. T. ALDRIOI, BARON'S DOGS. THE
I BIOGRAPH, with new views.
Reserved seats, 250; Balcony, 10c; Opera
| Chairs and Box seats, 50c.
SPECIAL MATINEE ADMISSION DAY.
Regular matinees Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday.
NEW COMEDY THEATER
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
! The New Playhouse. A Symphony of Delight.
Direction M. B. Leavltt
Resident Manager Alf. Ellinghouse
Stamped with the seal of success. The
o PACHECO COMEDY COMPANY.
THIS EVENING at 8.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY
AT 2.
IN MRS. PACHECO' S New Comedy,
"THE LEADING MAN."
The Same Truthful Story Prevails.
Confly Company and Theater — An Er-osltton
of Classic Superiority.
Evening prices— lsc, 25c, 35c, sflc and 75c.
Matinee Prices, 25c, 35c and 50c. Seats now-
selling.
Comedy Theater, Phone 328 Main. Branch
Office. 710 Market st.; phone 933 Main.
In active preparation— "WOMAN'S WIT."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT, also Thursday and Sunday Even-
Ings, Special Saturday Matinee, Donizetti's
Tragic Work,
"LUCRETIfI BORGIrt."
TO-MORROW, also Friday and Saturday Even-
ings, Verdi's Lyric Drama.
" RIGOLETTO."
NEXT WEEK— Monday, Wednesday, ] -iday
and Saturday Evenings, "CARMEN" ;' T' ay.
Thursday and Sunday Evenings, Speci. Sat-
nrday Matinee, "LA TRAVIATA."
Popular Prices, 25c and 60c. N. r -A le-
served seat for the matinee, 26c. O . tele-
phone, Bush 9.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
Fifth street, near Market
THURSDAY. SEPTEMBER 8, 1898.
GRAND CHORAL CONCERT, under the direc-
tion of
MR. WILLIAM L. TOMLINS.
The distinguished director of the World's Fair
Choruses.
250 selected voices of San Francisco and Oak-
land. Prominent soloists. Tickets, 50c; few re-
served seats. 25c extra. Box sheet at Sherman
Clay & Co. 's Wednesday and Thursday, Sep-
tember 7 and 8.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
A MATINEE EVERY DAY!
Don't Fail to See the SPANISH BULL FIGHT
GREAT SHOW IN THE FREE THEATER
PEARL HAIGHT, THE "AMERICAN-
ANNA HELD," The THREE DE NOVAS
THOMAS K. RYAN, EUSAPIA, MAE TUNI-
SON and OTHER EMINENT ARTISTS!
See the 3 baby lions and Australian carpet
snake In the Zoo.
10c, including Zoo and Theater: children, sc.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»JEIN NIGHTS,
Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m
ADMISSION lOc - - - - CHILDREN 5
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, 20c.
78
THREE REGIMENTS TO
BE SENT TO HONOLULU
WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.— It was stated at the War Depart
ment to-day that nothing definite had been determined as to the
movement of troops now at San Francisco to Manila, which depended
upon information which was expected to be received from General
Merritt as to the necessity for such troops. Probably three regi
ments would be sent to Honolulu if they did not go to Manila. If
General Merriam, on his return, reported that there was good camp
ing ground at Honolulu, the troops would be sent there if not need
ed at Manila.
FAIR CAMPERS
UNDER ARREST
Plight of Two Fresno
Young Ladies.
IN A CONSTABLE'S CHARGE
ACCUSED OF HAVING CAUSED A
FOREST FIRE.
Carelessness of Themselves and a
Gentleman Said to Have Re
sulted in the Destruction
of Property.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Sept. s.— Walter Church,
son of George E. Church, a prominent
attorney, and two of his lady friends-
Miss Albertson and Miss Mollie Jolly—
who had been camping near Sampson
Flats in Madera County, will have to
answer to a charge of having caused a
forest fire and the destruction of con
siderable property. The trio were ar
rested in this city this morning by
Constable Bigelow of O'Neals, upon
complaint sworn out by a farmer named
McCape, whose property was destroyed.
The young people had been camping,
Miss Albertson's aunt being with them
up to several days ago as chaperon for
the young ladies. The three extended
their stay after her departure, how
ever, and did not return until Saturday
morning. The following day an officer
arrived with a warrant for their arrest
and they were greatly surprised. The
young ladies in particular were loud
!n their protests, which were of no avail
with the constable. This morning they
were taken to O'Neals by the officer.
Just before leaving their camp they
built a fire to cook their breakfast and
It is alleged that they carelessly left it
burning. The adjacent brush cdtbght
and soon the fire was raging in the
timber lands. After a great deal of
hard fighting it was extinguished.
A great many similar fires have been
started this year by the carelessness
of campers and the residents of the
vicinity are determined to make an ex
ample of the trio arrested to-day. The
circumstances are such as give the
young man and his lady friends a great
deal of anxiety and unpleasant promi
nence.
GENERAL STERNBERG
VISITS CAMP WIKOFF
The Head of the Medical Department
Considers the Conditions
There Satisfactory.
CAMP WIKOFF, MONTAUK POINT,
N. V., Sept. s.— Surgeon General Stern
berg arrived here to-day from Washing
ton to see for himself how this camp
looked ar .1 to inquire into the sanitary
arrangements. General Sternberg to
night stated that he had visited the hos
pitals ani that he had found their condi
tion excellent. He considered that the
camp site had been well chosen. He was
gratlfiec b> all he had seen. He paid he
had not tome on a special mission but
shn->ly on an ordinary inspection. When
he returns tr. Washington he win make
a verbal report to Secretary Alger.
General Shafter came out of the deten
tion camp to-day. He is somewhat im
proved in health. He said that Camp
Wlkoft would be continued for some time,
and although many of the troops here
were to be Kent away, the camp would be
f.M.-rl up with barracks lor the accommo
dation of several thousand men during
ihi' inclement weather. Advices from
"Washington to-day say that 42<k) recruits
will lie sent from Southern posts' to join
the Fifth Army Corps here.
CHICKAMAUGA PARK, T"tin., Sept.
6.— Removals from Chickamauga are now
being made r.ij.idly. The Sixth Regiment.
United States Volunteers, which is to be
the or.ly <>no left at Chickamauga, will
move camp to-morrow and will be better
established for its long stay.
CHAPLAIN M'INTYRE
TO BE COURT-MARTIALED
For His Talk He Is Charged With
Conduct Unbecoming an
Officer.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 5.-Ever since the
printed reports of the sensational utter
ances of the naval chaplain, Joseph P.
Mclntyre. reached the Navy Department,
the officials have been making a quiet in
quiry into the accuracy of the newspaper
publications. The chaplain, who was at
tached to the Oregon and was on board
when the battle of July 3 was fought,
was accredited with some savage criti
cism of Admiral Sampson, Captain Evans
and various other officers of the Ameri
can fleet, insisting that to the officers and
men of the Oregon alone belonged the
victory achieved over the Spanish squad
ron, lie was particularly severe on Cap
tain Evans, whom he charged with cow
ardice.
Apparently the Navy Department has
now satisfied Itself that the chaplain
really uttered the language ascribed to
him, for it has ordered his trial by court
martial on charges of conduct tending to
the prejudice of good order and discipline
and conduct unbecoming an officer. The
chaplain is now on leave of absence in
Denver.
ANARCHISTS AGAIN
ACTIVE IN SPAIN
Revolutionary Plot Discovered by
the Police in the Suburbs
of Barcelona.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett. \-
BARCELONA, Sept. The police have
discovered a revolutionary and anarchist
plot in the.suburbs of Barcelona. The con-
spirators were surprised while arms were
being distributed to them. Twenty were
arrested and others took flight. At mid
night twenty men were disarmed by the
Octroi guards and gendarmes. They af
terward fled into the country, the caval
lera infanteria following them. All known
anarchists have been arrestc-d.
New South Wales Wheat.
SYDNEY, N. S. W., Sept. s.— The area
sown to wheat In New South Wales Is
shown by complete reports to be 1,500,000
acres, which Is an Increase o/ 26 per cent
over the area devoted to that product last
season. It fs estimated that the total
yield will be 15,000,000 bushels, which will
allow of substantial exports.
GUARD AGAINST
YELLOW FEVER
Strict Quarantine On at
Mobile.
AFRAID OF NEW ORLEANS
PERSONS AND BAGGAGE FROM
THERE TO BE WATCHED.
Suspicious Cases at the Crescent City
Are Viewed by Health
Officials of Lou
isiana.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOBILE, Ala., Sept. s.— The Mobile
Board of Health to-day advised that
the State of Alabama declare a quar
antine against persons and baggage
from New Orleans until the suspicious
cases there are pronounced upon.
State Health Officer Saunders ad
vised Governor Johnson, who is now
lere, to the same' effect, and the Gov-
ernor this afternoon issued a proclama
tion declaring the quarantine as sug
gested. ,
JACKSON, Miss., Sept. s.— The city
of Jackson has established a strict
quarantine on all classes of traffic
against New Orleans. No trains on the
Illinois Central road are allowed to
stop within the city limits. The suspi
cious fever case reported from the Bear
Creek neighborhood, in Copiah County,
has been investigated and found to be
of a malarial type. One suspicious case
is reported at Meridan and is being in
vestigated.
NEW ORLEANS. Sept. s.— There was
a conference held herj between the offi
cials of the Board of Health, attending
physicians and Dr. Carter of the United
States Hospital Service, with respect to
the alleged cases of yellow fever in
New Orleans. The cases were viewed
by the experts. Dr. Carter reserved his
opinion until to-morrow, hence no an
nouncement was made as to whether
the trouble is yellow fever or not.
MR. AND MRS. ALGER
CALL ON MR. SHERMAN
It Is Said That the Secretary of War
Is Trying to Stop the Ex-
Secretary's Talk.
NEW YORK, Sept. s.— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald says: Both
Secretary Alger and former Secretary
Sherman protest that there is no ill feel
ing between .them on account of General
Miles, and they still maintain cordial
Sersonal relations, as was illustrated by
ecretary and Mrs. Alger making a social
call on Mr. Sherman this morning.
The fact that Secretary Alger had
called on Mr. Sherman became generally
known in Washington to-night, and was
the subject of much discussion. It was
Interpreted in some quarters to signify
that Secretary Alger wanted to placate
Mr. Sherman, and visited him for the pur
pose of inducing him to abstain from any
further criticism of the administration
and the War Department. I have good
authority for the statement, however,
that there was little if any discussion of
War Department matters.
SANTA BARBARA NOMINEES.
Ticket Named by Republicans in
County Convention.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. s.— The Re
publican county convention met to-day at
Santa Ynez and after balloting five times
for Sheriff and District Attorney, nomi
nated the following ticket: Superior
Judge, J. W. Taggart; Sheriff, Nat Stew
art of Lompoc; District Attorney, Eugene
W. Squier; County Clerk, C. A. Hunt;
County Auditor, S. B. Schauer of Santa
Maria; County Recorder, W. A. Higgins;
County Assessor, Frank Smith; Superin
tendent of Schools. W. S. Edwards; Coun
ty Treasurer. W. B. Metcalf; Coroner and
■Public Administrator. A. M. Ruiz; County
'Surveyor, F. F. Flournoy; Supervisors
First District, Henry Stoddard of Monte
cito; Second District, E. C. Tallant of
Santa Barbara; Third District. W. S.
Parks of Hope; Fifth District, A. M.
Cox of Santa Maria. The convention in
dorsed the national and State platform
and pledged the nominee for the Assem
bly to do hie best to secure for Santa
Barbara the Polytechnic School, the site
of which the next Legislature will de
cide, and which San Luis Obispo County
now claims.
VENTURA FUSION TICKET.
Several Soldiers of the Seventh Regi
ment Given Places.
VENTURA, Sept. s.— The Democratic,
Populistic and Silver Republican county
conventions were held in this city to-day.
The fusion ticket Is as follows: Sheriff,
Paul Charlebois, incumbent; Assessor,
James A. Donlon. incumbent; District At
torney, F. W. Ewing; Clerk, Private Den
nis P. Hlckey. of Company H, Seventh
Regiment, now at Camp Merritt; Audi
tor and Recorder, Captain A. W. Browne,
commanding Company H, Seventh Regi
ment and Republican nominee, unani
mously indorsed; Coroner, Lieutenant J.
Irving McKenna, of Company E; Tax
Collector, B. E. Lloyd; School Superin
tendent, J. B. Alvord. R. A. Dague, Pop
ulist, received the nomination for the As
sembly In the Sixty-ninth District.
DISCREDITS THE REPORT.
Captain Benneche Heard Nothing of
the Wreck of the Whaling Fleet.
PORT TOWNSEND, Sept. 5. — The
schooner W. H. Talbot arrived to-day,
nineteen days from St. Michael. Captain
Benneche reports that up to the day of
his sailing no news of the wreck of the
imprisoned whaling fleet had reached St.
Michael. Boats from Kotzebue Sound
were arriving daily, and news of disaster
to the fl"ot would reach Kotzebue Sound
first; consequently he places no reliabil
ity in the report of the loss of the whal
ers.
World's Records Broken.
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. s.— The world's
record was broken at the State L. A. W.
meet here to-day when Charles Porter
and F. A. Joseph, both of Detroit, won
the two-mile amateur handicap tandem
event, starting from scratch, in 4:01 3-5.
The former record was 4;05.
Won in the First Round.
DENVER, Sept. 5.— A special to the
News from Cripple Creek says: "Mexican
Pete" of Cripple Creek easily defeated
Lawrence Farrell of Denver in the first
round at the Grand Opera House here to
night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, Ib9B.
STANDING IN LINE
TO FILE ON LAND
Rush for Claims at Los
Angeles..
HUNDREDS OF EAGER MEN
SEEK TO OBTAIN HOMES ON THE
OVERLAP TRACT.
Southern Pacific Believed to Have
Employed Crowds of Laborers
to Take Up Homesteads
for the Company.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. s.— The Gov
ernment Land Office here is besieged by
a large crowd of people who desire to
file on land recently lapsed to the
United States under a decision of the
Federal court in this city. This land,
which comprises over 1,000,000 acres, a
great portion of which is heavily cov
ered by timber, extends for five miles
on each side of the branch line of the
Southern Pacific Railroad, paralleling
it for a distance of thirty miles and
running from a point on the Los Ange
les County line into Riverside County.
The land is designated as the "South
ern Pacific overlapped branch line
land." The railway's title thereto was
found to conflict with a prior grant to
the Atlantic an Pacific. It is expected
that a great many conflicts will arise
between rival claimants. The pur
chaser from the Southern Pacific Rail
road will, however, receive protection
at the hands of the United States under
the act of March 3, 1887.
Late this evening over 200 men were
in line waiting to file their applications
for land upon the opening of the office
at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning, and it
is expected that the number will be in
creased to at least 500 before that hour.
It is strongly suspected that the rail
road company has employed a large
number of men to take up a great por
tion of the most desirable land. Many
of the men in line are being relieved in
relays every four or five hours by
others who come, apparently, in charge
of parties known to be identified with
the railroad interests. The officers of
the land ol^ce will, they say, use every
effort on their part to prevent fraud
and -u-e prepared to put each applicant
through a searching examination before
filing his papers.
SNUG LITTLE SUMS FOR
DEWEY AND SAMPSON
What They and Their Subordinates
Will Get for Destroying the
Spanish Fleets.
NEW YORK, Sept. 5.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: From the
official report of Admiral Montejo,
commanding the Spanish fleet sunk at
Manila, there were 1875 persons on
board the ships under his command.
The Spanish fleet was of inferior force
to the American squadron, and Rear
Admiral Dewey's men will therefore
only get $100 for each person.
It is estimated that the aggregate
amount due the Asiatic fleet as a result
of the destruction of the Spanish force
amounts to #87,500, which Congress will
be asked to appropriate during the
coming session. One-twentieth of this
sum belongs to Rear Admiral Dewey,
as commander-in-chief, and he will
therefore be $9375 richer than he was
before the war.
Rear Admiral Sampson has realized
a snug little fortune as a result of the
war. . As commander-in-chief of the
North Atlantic fleet he will get one
twentieth of every prize taken in North
Atlantic waters and one-twentieth of
the head money allowed for vessels de
stroyed off Santiago and In Cuban
ports. It is estimated that he will
finally receive about $4000 as his , share
of the prize money.
In determining the amount of head
money due the officers and men it will
be necessary for the department to de
cide whether the vessels destroyed were
inferior or .-.; superior to their antago
nists. If the latter, the Americans will
be entitled to $200 for each person on
board the enemy's vessels. Of course,
this will swell the amount of prize
money due the rear admiral. ■
It is estimated that, including the
Mercedes, sunk by the Massachusetts
at the mouth of the harbor of Sant
tiago, there were 2492 persons on board
the Spanish fleet destroyed by Rear
Admiral Sampson's command, which
was superior to > the enemy, and the
amount of head money due the fleet will
consequently aggregate $249,200.
■ •- — — ♦— -. .-■■■ :'--- -
SPANISH STATESMEN
DISCUSS PEACE TREATY
Secret Session of the Chambers to
Draft a Law to Renounce Sov
ereignty Over Colonies.
MADRID. Sept. s.— The Chambers aa
sembled here to-day. At the opening 1 of
the Senate the Secretary read a letter
from Senor Rodriguez, Senator from
Porto Rico, refusing to obey the summons
to attend.
The Premier, Senor Sagasta, arrayed in
the insignia of his office, ascended the
tribune and read a decree authorizing
the Government to present to the Cham
ber a draft of a law empowering the
Ministers to renounce sovereignty over
the colonies, in conformity with the stip
ulations of the peace preliminaries be
tween the United States and Spain. The
President of the Senate proposed a secret
discussion of the decree, and, despite the
protests of some Senators, ordered that
the galleries be cleared. This was done,
amid loud murmurs of disapproval.
Those who had expected sensational
scenes on the reopeninp of the Chambers
were disappointed. The general public
seems indifferent. The people at large are
apparently convinced that Spain must ac
cede to whatever the United States de
mands.
DEMANDS THAT HE
BE TRIED FOR MURDER
Unusual Request of a Negro Whom
the Officials of Napa Re
fuse to Arrest.
NAPA, Sept. s.— John Clemens, the ne
gro accused of murder by A. F. Allen on
the latter* deathbed, is at large. The
officers refused to arrest him, because
they could not get sufficient corrobora
tion to Allen's statement. Clemens now
demands to be arrested and tried for
murder. He says he is innocent and can
prove it, but unless he is given the op
portunity to do so people will always be
lieve he was guilty. He saya he is going
to call on Judge Ham of the Superior
Court to-morrow and have him order his
arrest. He will also demand of the Dis
trict Attorney that he be prosecuted.
The officers have apparently abandoned
the search for the murderer— for that Al
len was murdered almost every one be
lieves, relying principally upon the con
clusions of the doctors.
Eag-an Elected Sword-Bearer.
DUBLIN, Sept. s.— The Corporation of
Dublin has elected as swordbearer James
Eagan of New York, who was recently
released from prison after fifteen years'
j>enal servitude for treason-felony.
SCORES OF LIVES
IMPERILED BY THE
WORK OF A FIEND
fluger Holes Bored io the Bow of
tf)e AlasKa BarK Northern
Light.
Tfye Notorious Mrs. Herman a Stowaway on a
Vessel Which; Barely Escapes Being
SunK at Sea.
BERING STRAIT, June 27.— The
bark Northern Light, Captain Joseph
Whiteside, from San Francisco for Kot
zebue Sound, is safe in port at last, and
her crew and 162 passengers are con
gratulating each other upon having es
caped death at sea through the fiendish
crime of some person or persons in
San Francisco. After the Northern
Light had put to sea her hold began to
fill with water. Despite the efforts of
the crew and passengers at the pumps
the encroaching element gained head
way until it threatened to sink the ves
sel. «v r hen at last even the captain and
begun to despair the discovery was
made that the bow of the Northern
Light was honeycombed with auger
holes which had been drilled by some
fiend in human form intent on sinking
the vessel and sending 170 souls to
death in the bosom of the Pacific.
Soon after leaving port the ship was
discovered to be leading badly, and all
hands were called to the pumps. She
was kept afloat by constant pumping
day and night. The anxiety of the
152 passengers aboard can well be im
agined. The passengers were com
pelled to work in relays to relieve the
exhausted crew. The source of the
leak was finally discovered by Chief
Officer George Tilton, the officer who
won fame by his perilous journey to
civilization from the ice-bound whalers
at Point Barrow to seek relief for the
starving sailors. Tilton searched the
hold from stem to stern listening for
the sound of running water. After two
days he was rewarded by locating the
leak in the bow. It was the work of
hours to cut through the massive tim
bers and reach the bow. There a start
ling discovery was made. The bow was
punctured by four auger holes seven
eighths of an inch In dimensions, and
through them the water was rushing in
Streams. Three of these openings were
plugged, but one could not be reached
without cutting away the 'tween deck?,
and was left open, the crew pumping
out the water that entered through this
opening 1 .
There is apparently no clew to those
NILES BRANCH IS
BEING REBUILT
Will Be Practically a
New Line.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC ALARMED
PBEPARING TO MEET VALLEY
ROAD COMPETITION.
Huntington Already Arranging to
Give Improved Passenger Ser
vice Through the San
Joaquin Valley.
Special Dispatch to jjThe Call.
STOCKTON, Sept. s.— The Southern
Pacific is already making preparations
to give an improved passenger service
through the San Joaquin Valley when
the Valley Road becomes a competing
line from this point over the Point
Richmond route to San Francisco. To
this end the Niles line, which has been
neglected for so many years, and
which has been considered the poorest
makeshift in the entire system, is be
ing overhauled and will be practically
a new line when the Valley Road trains
begin to go through to the bay. The
heaviest rails to be had are now re
placing the old ones, and weak por
tions of the roadbed cm either side of
Niles are being strengthened. Wher
ever possible the curves are being
straightened and the grades reduced.
The work is in progress without dis
turbing the running of trains and must
necessarily be slow, but it is going on
steadily, and by the end of the year
this branch of the system will be prac
tically a new line. Everything indi
cates that the route will be the one
over which the fastest trains will be
sent in an endeavor to keep the new
line from cutting in on a traffic which
the Southern Pacific has held exclu
sively for bo many years.
DEATH OF COLONEL
ANDREW SHEEHAN
Made a Vast Fortune in Gambling in
Early Days, but Became Com-
paratively Poor.
: NEW YORK, Sept. ; s.— Colonel Andrew
Sheehan, a veteran of the turf and the
green cloth, died to-day, -; 70 years ;of age.
Forty, years ago he combined politics with
his other : pursuits, and ; wielded v power .1 in
influential circles ' In 1849 ' Sheehan ; has
tened to ; the ■ mining fields, wiiere ; . for a
time ;he deftly 'converted to his pockets
the virgin gold which ■ miners dug . from
the earth. * He ■ invested : his '.winnings ■% in
San : Francisco : real , estate, opened gam
bling houses in that city and in five years
accumulated a big fortune. >At .-one Ume
he : owned *an - entire , block >- of - business
buildings in San Francisco, and- was re
ported one ' of the wealthiest men on , the
Pacific Slope. He ; was j generous -■to : a
fault, and his money went from him. He
gave . it i away, and \ though with changed
times he : could not * get . hold of big sums
as of i old, his liberality was part of him
to the • finish, and he ■ died comparatively
poor. . .
«.
AN ELECTION IN ARKANSAS.
As Usual the Democratic Ticket Has
Been Successful.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. Sept. s.—Arkan
sas to-day elected a full corps of State of
ficers, 100 members of the lower house of
the Legislature, sixteen State Senators,
local officers in each of the seventy-five
counties and voted on the adoption of two
important constitutional amendments, as
well as the question of the liquor license
In the different counties. The Democratic
State ticket, headed by Dan W. Jonea, la
who pernetrated this outrage. The
holes had been bor d by a mechanic
with a ship auger. He must have un
derstood the trade and taken careful
measurements. The lob was one that
must have required at least an entire
night, for he had to drill through a
six-inch Iron and wood shield and then
through four-inch oak plank.
The Northern Light sailed from San
Francisco on May 12, after a delay of
sixteen hours, caused by a discharged
steward who circulated a report that
there were contraband goods aboard.
A search by customs officers proved
the untruth of the report.
After the vessel had proceeded to sea
a series of strange discoveries were
made in addition to that by Chief Of
ficer Tilton. The chief officer ordered
the men to bring up from the hold and
distribute the life preservers. The first
tar who went rumm^ing among them
suddenly gave a yell as though he had
been bitten by a snake, and rushed
upon deck with "his eyes sticking out
so as you could brush them off with
sticks," as the chief officer expressed
it. Nothing cohei nt could be got from
him, so arming himself with a belay
inf pin and taking a lantern the chief
officer approached the life preservers
ai.d found — only a woman stowaway.
She was brought on deck, and it was
found she was Mrs. Herman, the
woman who deserted her husband and
children to follow to the Klondike C.
W. Bowman, one of *he passengers on
the Alaska, Readers of The Call will
remember she made all sorts of false
representations to Captain TVhiteside,
declaring she was a deserted wife.
When a Call reporter discovered her
identity and learned that she herself
was deserti"" a happy home to follow
a man she loved assistance was denied
her. Then Mrs. Herman succeeded in
stowing herself aboard. There being no
fit accommodations for women other
than those of the captain's wife aboard
the Northern Light, Mrs. Whiteslde
was compelled to take the woman un
der her protection and give her a
stateroom in the after cabin.
Another stowaway made his appear
ance from the fore peak the next dny
and was put at work by the mate af
ter having been given a good meal.
undoubtedly elected, the only doubt being
the size of the Democratic plurality.
The vote on the two constitutional
amendments is in doubt. One of these
provides for the creating by the Legisla
ture, of; a railroad commission, and the
other for the levying of a tax of y 3 mills
for road purposes. /,
♦
Coulterville Hotel Burned.
MODESTO, Sept. s.— On Saturday night
last the Coulterville Hotel at Coulterville
was destroyed by fire, caused by a cur
tain coming into contact with a lighted
lamp. The building was Insured for $4000,
but was worth twice as much. The furni
ture was insured and was partially saved.
The property belonged to Percy Davis.
COMMERCIAL RECORD.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 5, 6 p. m.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported to-day from regular Weather Bureau
stations In California:
Eureka, si; Fresno, %: Los Ang-eles, 80; Red
Bluff. 14: San Luis Oblspo, 74; San Diego, 70;
Sacramento. 92; Independence, S8; Yuma, 102.
Sar. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
59; minimum, 52; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest over the Rocky
Mountain region and lowest In Southwestern
Arizona. It has risen rapidly over the plateau
reßlon ana fallen slightly along the Oregon
coast.
There has been a general rise In temperature
over the Pacific Slope, the greatest rise being
In Western Oregon and Western Washington.
The temperature Is Bllghtly above the normal
In the Interior of California and slightly below
along the coast.
The weather 1b clear In all districts except
cloudy along the northern coast of California
and partly cloudy in Arizona, Light rain fell
In Western Texas.
Conditions are favorable for thunderstorms
In the mountains of Arizona Tuesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, September 6, 189S:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday, except
foggy along the coast In tho morning; brisk
to tilgh west wind.
Southern California — Fair; warmer Tuesday;
fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Tuesday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy, with scattered thun
derstorms In the mountains of the northeast
portion.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy and foggy
In the morning; fair during the day Tuesday;
brisk to high west wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpatu— Clear; wind
west, 5 miles; temperature. 72; maximum tem
perature. 79. G. H. WIL.LRON.
Local Forecast Official.
WHEAT CROP OF THE COUNTRY.
NEW YORK. Sept. s.— The wheat crop of
189S Is not quite up to promise, according to
the report of the American Agriculturist, which
appears In the issue of September 1. This says
that in a few States it now appears the prom
ise of wheat was not fulfilled in actual grain
by what must seem like a large margin, while
in a number of States the rate of yield was
even greater than indicated on July 1. But
with full allowance for all disappointment, the
fact remains that the crop this year is the
largest on record.
The reported rate of yield in winter wheat
is 14.8 Imshels and In spring wheat \j.i bush
els. The final crop result will appear next
month, but the American Agriculturist says
that It must not mi^s to note that If the present
rate of yield Indicated shall be maintained, the
total roductlon of winter wheat will be rather
under 400,000,000 bushels and spring wheat fully
300,000,000 bushels, subject to modification next
month.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— The Evening Post's
London cablegram says: The tone of the stock
markets here was good to-day on General
Kitchener's victory and on belief that Ger
many and England are acting together in the
matter of Delapoa Bay. I am told in the best
quarters that Germany and England are mak
ing a joint advance to Portgual for certain
rights in Delogoa Bay. This latter point stim
ulated Kaffir shares. Americans were well
supported here In spite of the holiday In the
United States. Illinois Central was specially
bought. Argentines and Brazilians were boom-
Tlie New York demand for gold ha* abated
and discount rates are easier at ll B s per cent.
Canadian Pacific. 90V4; Grand Trunk, 7H- Bar
Silver, steady, 27% d. Money, M per cent.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. 6.— Silver, 27% d; Wheat car
goes off coast, nominal, unchanged; English
country markets, quiet; imports into V. X. #
Wheat. 266,000; imorts into U. X.. Flour, 180,
000- Wheat and Flour on passage to U. X.,
1,270,000; Wheat and Flour on passage to Con
tinent. 690,000: Indian shipments Wheat to U.
K. 9000; Indian shipments Wheat to Continent,
3000.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. s.— Wheat, dull; Wheat
In Paris, quiet; Flour in Paris, firm.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. S.— CATTLE— Trade In cat
# ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLUG
pemember the name
when you tmye^in.^
tie to-day was fairly active at steady prices.
Choice steers, $5 25@5 "0; medium, J4 70@4 90;
beef ; steers,' $4@4 70; stockers and feeders, $3 10
@4 70; bulls, $2 30@4 30; cows and heifers, $3 50
'3)4 23; calves, J4@7 25; Western rangers, $3®
ti 50; fed Western steers, $4 10@5 10; Texans,
J3 50<g-5.
— Slow and 5c - lower. Fair to choice,
$3 90@3 95; packing lots, .$3 70@3 82V4; mixed.
$3 70^3 80; butchers, J3 80@3 95; light, $3 70®
$3 92H; pigs, $2 Ss@3 70.
SHEEP— 10@15c lower. Choice Western,
muttons, $4 25; fat natives, $4 30; good to
choice lambs, $4 Ss@s 50; prime yearlings, $5 70.
Receipts— 17,000; hogs, 25,000; sheep,
17,000.
: KANSAS CITY. I :, •'•:>'- .'_-.'.
. KANSAS CITY, Sept. S.— CATTLE— Receipts.
4500. Market ■ steady. Native steers, $4@5 35:
native cows and heifers, $1 7504 20; stockers
and feeders,' $2 76@5; bulls. $2 SOQI 50. -
HOGS— Receipts, 3000. ■ Market • steady. Bulk
of sales, *8 75@3 80; heavies, $3 75@3 85: packers,
J3 70@3 S2H; ; mixed ' ajid - liKhts. 13 60@3 80;
yorkern, $3 75#3 80; pigs, $3 45@3 75.
- S sHEEPr-Receipts, 40<X>. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 50@3 60; muttons, $3(34 35. .
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Sept. CATTLE— Receipts, 4300.
Market strong for good. Native beef steers,
$4 25@5 20: Western steers, $3 75@4 50; cows and
heifers," *3@4 25; stockers and feeders, $3 60®
14 60; calves, $4@6; bulls and < stags, $2 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, . 1800. Market shade lower.
Heavy. $3 50@3 65 •,' mixed, $3 60@3 65; light,
$3 65^3 75; bufk of sales, $3 60@3 65.
SHEEP— 4700. - Market .steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 70@4 50; -Western muttons,
$3 60@4 25; lambs, $4(f?5 50. ■'■
. DENVER. .
DENVER, : Sept. CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Market steady. Beef steers,' $3 50@4 30; cows,
*3(g3 75; feeders, freight paid to • river, . *3 55@
$4; stockers, do, $3 80@4 50; bulls and stags,
$2@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market ■ firm. Light,
packers, $3 65@3 70; . mixed, $3 60@3 65; heavy,
$3 50@3 60. - • . .. - v ;r."-7; r."-7r ."-7r 1 "-
No sheep. • ■
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 5.— Receipts of .wheat
were heavier to-day than | they have been for
more than two weeks, there being a total of
75 cars received. Exporters are quoting 53@54c
for Walla Walla and 56c for valley,^ but it Is
said that several transactions have taken place
at about 1 cent above these • figures.
■ ' - "WASHINGTON. * .
TACOMA, > Sept. . s.— No market, torday.
THB CAIX*3 '\ CALIS JJAK.
September, IS9S.
1
Mooa-n .Phaa««.
jfrlsa.nl Qnarier,
1L September T.
yjjv Hew Moo ;
Vp September 16.
,8
U
"n"
-jvKlrat Quarter.
Jf Sepietnber 22.
©Kuli.Voon."
. September 39.
S
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigntors are cordially invited to visit the
office where complete seta of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on tiana
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market streot. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
celved each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island. Cal,
A notice stating whether the nail was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Septem
ber 6, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon of the ]2f>th meridian, or at 8
n m Greenwich mean time.
CIIAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6.
Sun rises .5:45
Sun sets 6:32
Moon rises 9:47 p. m.
8:
9:
t
3
10:2!
11:31
0.8
O.S
7:1
4.4
4.4
4.5
4.7
d.
4.
3:
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Due.
Grace Dollar... j
Charles Nelson, i
Progreso '
Santa Rosa
Chllkat
Geo. W. Elder..
Empire
North Fork I
Colon ,
Glengyle
Washtenaw
Coos Bay
Arcata
Crescent City...
San Jose
Curacao
Columbia
Walla Wa11a....
Alliance
jOreson Ports jSept.
iHumboldt Sept.
'Seattle ; Sept .
San Di»go Sept. (
Humboldt Sept. i
Portland [Sept.
Coos Bay [Sept.
jHumboldt Sept.
Lianila Sept.
China and Japan Sept.
Tacoma Sept.
Newport Sep^. ,
Coos Bay Se> ;. ;
Crescent City Sept. I
Panama Sept. I
Mexico Sept. i
Portland I Sept. !
Victoria & Puget Sound Sept.
Honolulu Sept.
Humboldt Sept.
San Diego Sept.l
Orizaba I:
Pomona j
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Newport [Sept. 6, 9 am Pier 11
Portland Sept. 7, 10 ami Pier 12
ISydney Sept. 7, 2 pmiPler 7
San Diego Sept. 8, 11 amjPler U
Vic & Pgt Sd. Sept. 8, 10 amIPler »
Panama Sept. 8,12 miPMSS
Humboldt ISept. 8. 9 ami Pier 13
China*Japan ; Sept. 10. 1 pmjPMSS
Portland 'Sept. 10, 10 am I Pier 12
Newport ISept. 10, 9 ami Pier 11
Coos Bay iSept.10,12 m Pier 13
iPortland IPept.13, 10 amPler 1»
!Vlc & Pet Rd.iSppt. 13, 10 am'Pler »
Sails.
Home* '
State of Cal
Moana I
Santa Rosal
Queen
Acapulco ..
Chllkat
Glengyle ...
G. W. Elder
Coos Bay...
Arcata
ly...
la ..
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. September 6.
Stmr Portland. Llndqulst, 13 days from St
Michael, via Unalaska 9 days.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, 24 hours from West
port.
Stmr Lakme, Klltgaard, 13 days 9 hours from.
Honolulu.
Stmr George Ix>omis, Bridgett, 35 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 40 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, Usal, with schr Ed
wani Parke In tow.
Schr Sadie. Smith, Grays Harbor.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel.
SAILED.
Monday, SeptemOer S.
Stmr Orizaba. Parson, Eureka.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Hardy Creek.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— IO p m— Weather foggy;
wind SW; velocity Ifl miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Sept 4— Bktn
Arapo.
Arrived Sept s— Schr Allen A. from Hono
lulu: Bchr W H Talbot, from St Michael.
POINT ARENA- Arrived Sept s— Stmr Alca
traz. from Port I.os Angeles.
COOS RAY— Sailed Sept 4— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKEL.EY— Arrived Sept s— Bktn
Arasrn, fri>m Santa Rosalia.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Sept &— Stmr Ruth, for
San Francisco.
BEAR HARBOR— Arrived Sept s— Stmr West
port, hpnee Sept 3.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
POUT LUDLOW— Arrived Sept s— Sehr F 3
Redfield. from Port Townsend.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept s— Stmr Al Xl, from
Dyea: Ftmr Czarina, hence Sept 2.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept s— Stmr Brunswick,
hence Sept 3: bktn Eureka, hence Aug 26.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept s— Stmr Sequoia,
for Snn Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOH TUT— Arrived Aug 19— Br stmr Doric,
hence Aug 13: Aug 20— Bktn S G Wilder, hence
Aug 2; Aug 21— Bktn W H Dimond. hence Aug
5; ship Taeoma. hence Aug 6.
Sailed Auk 18— Schr Lizzie Vance, for Port
Townsend: Auk 20— Br stmr Doric, for Yoko
hama: bktn Plnnter. for Laysan Island; Aug
22— Schr E X Wood, for Port Townsend.
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed Aug 26— Oer ship
Alsterufer. for Tocopilla; G?r bark Atelanta,
for Puget Sound.
Arrived Aug 14— Russian ship Fennia, from
Cardiff.
In port— Br ships Wendur and Crown of Eng
land. Ocr ship Henry Clements.
Arrived Auk 20— Steam dredger from France:
also stmr Corrlgan; Aug 27, 6 p m— ls miles
ESE from port saw a ship bound for Santa
Rosalin.
GUAYMAS— In port. Mcx stmr Oaxaca; schr
J N Ingalls, repairing.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
■ NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 6— Stmr City of
Rome, from Glasgow. -■_.••■
LIVERPOOL— Arrived . Sept Stmr Corln
thla, "from Boston ;~ stmr T'mbrla. from New
York: stmr Cufic, from • New York.
■ HAMBURG— SaiIed Sept Stmr Palatia, for
New York. ~ - ■-.■■•■
QUEEN STOWN— Arrived Sept s— Stmr Bel-
Epnland, from Philadelphia. 1 _ . ,
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 5-Stmr Patna,
from Marseilles. ■ ->■ • > __«»^^™»™«»««™.
SWISS-AmERICAN BANK.
Of Locarno Switzerland, and
GERMANIA TRUST COMPANY.
624 Montgomery street. San Francisco.
Paid-up Capital and Reserves, $620,000. •
(G. T. Co $32(1000.) (S. A. 8.. $300,000.)
A general banking business transacted. In-
terest paid on savings deposits. Loans on ap-
proved real estate security and on commercial
paper. The GERMANIA TRUST CO. is au-
thorized and empowered by the State of Cali-
fornia to act ns executor, administrator, guar-
dian and trustee. Legal depository for trust
DIRECTORS— Ernst A. Denlcke. A. Sbar-
boro, J C Rued, E. Martlnonl, F. C. Slebe.
A. Tognazzlnl, H. Brunner, McD. R. Venable,
A. G Wleland, F. Kronenberg, Charles Mar-
tin, C. Gehret. P. Tognazzinl. 8. Grandl, Q.
Rottanzl.WEATHERING A GALE OFF THE COAST,
The bark George F. Manson now considerably overdue here from Sydney, N. S. W. had many a rough ex
perience on this co st, but always carae out of the battle with the elements with flvfng colors. Shipping men do
not think the vessel is lost, but the Underwriters who fear she was caught In the storm that nearly wrecked the
Crown of India on the Australian coast are raying 30 per cent to reinsure her hull and cargo.
PULLED FROM
SURE DEATH
T. H. Hierlihy Jumped
on a Flying Train.
WAS CHASING A RUNAWAY
RESCUED BY FRIENDS WHO
WERE IN THE REAR CAR.
His Train Ran Off and the Old
Man Risked His Life
Trying to Over
take It.
Oakland OfHce San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 5.
T. H. Hierlihy, one of the leaders of the
Mtion party in California for many
wi'l never again attempt to Jump
on a moving train to catch a runaway
steed. This morning an experiment of
this nature would undoubtedly have end
ed his life had not some friends on the
Alnmeda narrow gauge pulled him into
a car from the steps by which he was
being dragged over the track.
This morning Mr. Hierllhy was out with
a team, and while in a store at Encinal
Park station his horse ran off. Hierllhy
tried to overtake it, but in vain, and just
at that time the narrow-gauge train came
flying along. Hierllhy. who is about 60
years of a&e, conceived the idea of jump
ing on the train, which was moving swift
ly, and catching his horse. He had never
jumped on or off a train in his life, and
the result of his foolishness was that sev
er"al women as the train passed one of
the streets waved their hands frantically
to the trainmen to stop. On looking off
the platform Hierlihy was seen hanging
the steps in the rear of the last car
and being dragged and jolted over the
Some of his friends rushed to the
I the train and succeeded in pulling
him aboard, somewhat bruised, almost
exhausted and very much the worse for
>. peri once.
( >n arriving at Morton-street station
the runaway team was caught and Hier
lihy was able to take charge of it. He
assured his rescuors that it was the most
foolish triik of his life, as he had in all
the years he has lived near the trains
never jumped on or off, and he registered
a vow that lie will never again attempt
to use a flying train to catch a runaway
horse. ____^_________
MERCHANTS OPPOSE
THE NEW LICENSE
NEW CHARTER IS ADVOCATED
FOR OAKLAND.
OAKLAND, Sept. 6.— The Oakland mer
chants are solid against the new license
ordinance introduced by Councilman Earl
vii.l which is now in the hands of the
Council.
A meeting of the Merchants' Anti-Li
('ciiiiriittee was held this morning
In the Hoard of Trade rooms. Among
those present wore George E. Fairchild,
11. C. Capwell, O. W. Kinsey. Henry Ol
■en, M. j. Keller, W. E. Dargie, A. Salin
ger, A. A. Pennoyer, and Councilman Gi
rurd, the first-named presiding,
The subject was informally discussed
artl it was decided to proceed with the
work of having the measure defeated. A
matic canvass of the members of the
City Council will be commenced to-mor
row.
One of t'no principal speakers at the
meeting was Councilman Girard. He In
cidentally called attention to the need of
8 new charter tor the city, and character
ised the present charter as being worth-
Wlun asked ;<.« to how he would vote on
the new license ordinance he replied;
"l have made up my mind not to vote to
I so told the
liquor men. They said they had elected
me. I two ilitm that 1 could not help
that and that I had not asked them. I
m that a majority of the people in
my v.nni I <! to a reduction of
the lifluor license and as I was a servant
people I would not vot<> for such a
GRAPE-NUTS.
A Pre-Dig«istad Food.
The famous novelty in foods, Grape-
Xuts, is pre-digested and furnishes
the '.uman body in a condensed form
the nourishment needed to supply the
waste of the daily exertion/ Food ex-
perts assert that therp is as much nut-
rlment In one pound of Grape-Nuts as
in ten of meat.
This pleasing: delicacy has Just been
introduced in our city.
It 1b sold by moat grocers.
reduction. I am not In favor of taxing
merchants.''
TO COMMEMORATE THE
FOUNDING OF A CHURC
PRESBYTERIANS PREPARE TO
CELEBRATE.
OAKLAND. Sept. s.— Next Wednesday
evening will be an interesting occasion in
church history in this city, as at that time
there will be gathered in the First Pres
byterian Church men and women who
have been prominent in ecclesiastical
work during the past forty-five years.
Elaborate preparations have been made
I for the memorial festival which will cele
j brate the forty-fifth anniversary of the
| church, which was organized in April,
! 1853. With the exception of Father King's
i it is the oldest church in this city. The
original house of worship was a cloth
tent, in which services were conducted by
Key. S. B. Bell.
The church afterward moved to a pub
lic schoolhouse and later to a building,
I which was erected about 1556, at the
corner of Webster and Sixth streets, and
which cost about J6OyO. Later the build
ing was removed to Broadway and Thir
teenth streets and enlarged to meet the
rc-cjuirements of the growing congrega
tion. It now stands on Thirteenth street,
between Broadway and Franklin, ajid is
known as Armory Haft. The present
handsome structure at Fourteenth and
Franklin streets was built twenty-three
years ago at a cost of $52,000, and was i
dedicated in January, 1576.
Yesterday's services were commemora- j
tivAof the First Protestant communion
eerWce ever held in Oakland, and Dr. R.
F. Coyle preached from the same text,
"And they crucified him," as did the Rev.
S. B. Bell forty-five years ago in the little
tc-nt near the water front. On Wednes
day evening several of the older members
will deliver their addresses. They will
Include the Rev. Samuel H. Wilson, D. D.,
Charles E. Bailey, Mrs. Waisworth and
Mrs. John Kelsey. Dr. McDonald, the as
sistant pastor, will read a paper devoted
to Dr. and Mrs. Bell and George C. Aid
rich, who may be called the founders of
the church. A number of letters from
former pastors will also be read.
MUST STAND TRIAL.
Samson to Be Vigorously Prosecuted
for Supplying Camp Barrett
With Tainted Meat.
OAKLAND, Sept. s.— Health Officer J.
P. Dunn could not swear out a warrant
to-day for the arrest of M. M. Samson,
who supplied bad beef to the Eighth Regi
ment at Camp Barrett, this being Labor
day. He will do so to-morrow, and the
affair will be the subject of a thorough
official inquiry.
"I consider it a serious matter to sell
such beef," said Dr. Dunn, "and I shall
devote all my energies to the prosecution
of the man who would thus endanger the
lives of our people. It is evident that tne
particular meat condemned did not pass
through the hands of the Government in
spector, nor was it killed by the Western
Meat Company, for had it been it would
have borne the proper stamp."
Dr. Dunn believes that he has enough
evidence on which to convict and is satis
fied that there will be no trouble about
making Samson pay the penalty.
DIED NEAR SAN PABLO.
John Whelan Wandered Into the
Hills and When Caught Expired.
OAKLAND, Sept. s.— John Whelan died
under peculiar circumstances in the hills
near San Pablo last evening. He hod been
visiting his uncle, Patrick Murphy, and
during the day his mind became affected
and he wandered into the hills. Two men
were Bent after him in a buggy. They
found him.
After he was placed in the vehicle he
gaspi-d and died. The remains were
viewed afterward by the Coroner of Con
tra Costa County and a jury, and were
then sent to this city for interment. Dece
dent's family reside in San Francisco. He
was thirty-five years of age and was
known to have been atflicted with heart
trouble for some time.
His Oratory Was Lost.
OAKLAND, Sept. s.— The Kcv. Barton
Perry of San Leandro Is convinced he is
not a politician and that he understands
little or nothing of their ways. He learned
a lesson last Saturday which furnishes
him matter for conversation and will
probably form the theme of sermons in
the future. He spoke for twenty minutes
un the desirability of holding the Repub
lican convention in that town. At the end
of that time he learned that the matter
was settled favorably In an executive ses
sion of the committeemon.
"If I ever felt like collapsing," said the
pastor, "It was at that moment. All my
oratory, all my promises, and about twen
ty minutes or valuable time wasted, be
cause I didn't know that politicians trans
ncted such Important business in execu
tive session with us on the outside."
Choral Concert To-Night.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.— A choral concert
will be given at the Macdonouwh Theater
to-morrow evening, under the direction of
William L. Tomlins of Chicago, who will
be assisted by the following local talent:
Mira. Alfred Abbey, soprano- Mrs. Carroll
Nicholson, contralto; Frank M. Cofnn,
tenor- S. Homer Henley, basso; Mme.
Breltschuck Marquardt, harpist; Alex T.
Stewart, violinist. Miss Constance Jordan
will act as accompanist.
Death of C. H. Eastman.
OAKLAND, Sept. s.— Charles Henry
Eastman, an old resident of this city, died
at his home on Seventh avenue near
Eleventh street this afternoon. His death
ie attributable to paralysis. Deceased was
a native of New Hampshire, aged about
75 >«£ rs w p h iiiip 8 Seriously 111.
OAKLAND, Sept. 5.-J. W. Phillips of
the firm of Miller & Lux is at his home in
East Oakland suffering from a critical ill
ness. To-night he Is very low.
THE SAN FR AN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
HER FATE IN
THE BALANCE
Fears for Safety of the
Geo. F. Manson.
GAMBLERS IN REINSURANCE
TAKE CHANCES ON THE SATE
ARRIVAL OF THE BARK.
Return of the Transport Steamer
Lakme From Honolulu — Pat
Galvln's Steamboat Ven
ture a Failure.
The American bark George F. Manson
is now out 125 days from Sydney, N. S.
W., for this port, and fears are enter
tained for her safety. Among shipping men
she is not given up as lost, but still the
underwriters are paying 30 per cent to
reinsure the hull and cargo. While the
Manson is considerably overdue, still,
other vessels that left Australia about
the same time made unusually long pass
ages. The General Pairchild was 116
days coming from Newcastle, N. S. W.,
and many ships of the British fleet have
taken from ninety to a hundred days cov
ering the distance. Sugar boats from the
islands have taken from twenty-five to
thirty days to get here, and the captains
of the coal and sugar fleet all lay the
blame on "light winds and calms."
The Manson was thoroughly overhauled
and recoppered before she left Sydney, bo
her hull and spars give no cause for anx
iety. She was, however, out in the "great
Maltland storm" that caused so much de
struction on the Australian coast, and
that is what makes the underwriters un
easy. The Manson sailed from Sydney
one day before the British ship Crown of j
India left Newcastle, and the latter was
towed into Sydney dismasted, she havlmr
been caught in that storm.
A great deal of interest is taken in the
fate of the George F. Manson, not only
because Captain P. Crack and his son, P.
Crack Jr., the first mate of the bark, are
well known here, but because nearly all
the reinsurance on her was placed In this
city. An "overdue" affords a good chance
for a gamble, and many a man on
'Change has risked 4loo to win $20 that the
Manson would arrive in safety. It can j
readily be understood that underwriters |
who are interested in the "overdues" are
only too willing to get rid of the risk by
paying a premium on the insured rate to
those who are wining to take the chances.
The premium varies with the chances of
the vessel turning up. Thus, on the
French bark Pierre Cornellle, from San
Francisco for Cape Town, South Africa,
90 per cent reinsurance was paid. Tnis
bark was posted at Lloyd's as "missing"
a few days ago, and the gamblers had to
pay up.
Lloyds never posts a vessel as missing
until a committee Is thoroughly satisfied
that her case is hop^ioss and until the
owner is of the same opinion. Before post
ing, a notice is put up, and kept up for
a week, inviting information concerning
the vessel. If this elicits no news the
committee at its next meeting votes the
ship as "missing" and a notice Is posted
accordingly. All insurance and reinsur
ance matters are then settled. Incident
ally "Posted at Lloyds as missing" con
stitutes a legal death certificate for any
one on board the missing ship.
Reinsurance on the Manson will, there
fore, probably be greatly increased be
fore there Is any talk of "posting" her
as "missing." She is an old but stout
vessel. She was built at Bath, Me., in
1875, and is 1418 tons gross burden, 206.1
feet long, 39.2 broad and 23.9 feet deep.
The steamer Lakme arrived from Hono
lulu yesterday. She was a long time mak
ing the run here. Captain Klitgard lay
ing the blame on the strong northeast
winds encountered during the passage.
She brought up a few passengers and 100
tons of sugar and -too bunches of
bananas. The work or removing the
standees used by the soldiers was begun
as soon as the vessel chirked. The deck
house will remain, however, as it will
be useful in the coast trade into which
the Lakme will be put. Captain Klitgard
of the Lakme was a great favorite with
the volunteers he took to Honolulu, and
he brought back with him a very hand
some testimonial signed by the officers.
There was a concert and a couple of
four round settos on the upper deck every
night and that helped to pass the long
evenings in the tropics. Crossing the
tropic old Neptune paid the Lakme a visit
and ten of the soldier bcJ's who had
never been to sea befrtr^ were bathed
and shaved much to the delight of their
companions.
Captain Klitgard of the Lakme -was for
merly master of the schooner Eva. When
in that vessel he made the round trip
to Mahukona and return in twenty-six
days, and a round trip to Puget Sound
and back with lumber in twenty-one
days. These were both record breakerß.
He will not make- many fast voyages in
his present command, however, as the
Lakme was not built for speed. The ves
sel Is a splendid carrier, a magnificent
sea boat and as well appointed a steamer
as goes out of this port, but she Is not
an "ocean greyhound."
The river steamer Mary Ellen Galvin
is still tied up at Fremont street wharf,
and the chances are that she will never
see the Yukon River. For weeks Pat Gal
vin kept the steamer Cleveland and her
load of merchandise tied up at Harrison
street wharf In the hopes that his river
steamer could be fixed up so that he |
would have something to take him from I
I St. Michael to Dawson, but the Mary !
i Ellen Galvin was a failure, and he had
to go without her. As the Mary Ellen
Galvin cost him in the neighborhood of
$35,000, Galvin's venture into steamboat
ing cannot be called a success. He fully
expects to find a quarter of a million .
awaiting him, as his share of the prod
ucts of his mines, on his arrival at Daw
son so the loss of $40,000 or $50,000 in a
steamboat venture does not worry him
very much.
George Hibbetts, a machinist, 69 years
old, was sent from the~_Harbor Receiv
ing Hospital to the City and County Hos
pital yesterday. While working at the
W J. Thomson Mill Company on Mission
street he was taken seriously ill and was
hurried to the Harbor Hospital. On his
arrival there he was taken violently PI
with hemorrhage of the stomach.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Sept. s.— The residence of
H Joensch on University avenue, between
Tenth street and San Pablo avenue, has
been quarantined by Dr. Payne, as there
is a case of diphtheria in the family.
Next Tuesday evening the young people
of St. Mark's Episcopal Church, on Ban
croft way, will hold a reception in Stiles
Hall for all new students in the\ Univer
sity of California who attend the Episco
pal church. No written invitations will be
Issued.
The southern and eastern sides of the
football field on the college campus have
been fenced in in order to Keep bystanders
off the grounds. The field itself is in first
class condition.
Trustees Apportion Taxes.
BERKELEY, Sept. s.— Out of a total
levy of $1 upon $100 for the taxes of Ber
keley, the Board of Trustees has made
the following apportionment: School fund,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROCLAMATION
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourOi d«y of January. A. D. 18D7.
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
Btate of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the |
Btate of California an amendment to section |
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the income and revenue provided for It for
euch year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due. and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof ,
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed |
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for. making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any jewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner: and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing Indebtedness Incurred in the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision with the exception hereinbefore recited,
ehall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
W.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment t the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated aa section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section T*. The Inhabitants of any county
tr.<ty frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county. Such proposed county government act
■hall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
cot two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after bo submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the P.-esldent of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
petting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be mftde In duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, 'at intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
leeiFlatlve authority of the county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a generar or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation In such
county nnd ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
cresentPd for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
° It^shall be competent in all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the ttmes at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
he elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the numher of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputk-F that each officer shall have
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
_.. in which, and the terms for which the
memnrrs of nil hoards of election shall be
elected or appointed nn<\ for the constitution,
rerulation compensation and government of
such board?, nnd of their clerks and attaches;
al^n to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed cut, adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
ofnre»ai(l the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a pvstem of cnunty governments throughout
the State and llliewlsevprovldin* for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
•siid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelrabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
subject to any law or amendment enaoted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnabove net forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The Baid proposed few sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section 554- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims Bhal! have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the legislature, and
l»s Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angel«B, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday In July,
and
Za tit* City of Bacraajtnto, commencing on
30 cents; general fund. 35 cents- street
fund, 10 cents; school bond fund, 7 cents;
sewer bond fund, 7 cents; electric light
bond fund, 5 cents; public library fund, 6
cents. The levy of 30 cents for the school
fund is to be segregated in order to give
16 cents for the support of the Berkeley
High School and 14 cents for the grammar
and primary schools. The ordinance in
troducing these provisions will come up
for final passage at the September meet
ing of the Board.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Sept. s.— Ex-State Senator
Simpson has withdrawn from the contest
for the Supervisorshlp In the Second Dis
trict against W. H. Church.
The firemen's relief fund of $1953 is to be
divided among the six volunteer com
panies in the department, giving each
$325 50. Whether the various companies
will use the money as the nucleus for a
separate fund in each company is not
known. _
The Alameda County Christian En
deavor Union will hold its quarterly con
vention at Haywards on September 9.
There will be a good representation of
both of the Alameda parlors of Native
Sons at the Admission day celebration in
San Jose on Friday.
A Doctor's Life in Danger.
OAKLAND. Sept. s.— Dr. S. A. Larkey,
formerly of the Health Board, is ill at his
home. While performing a surgical opera
tion two weeks ago a particle of foreign
substance entered a slight scratch on his
right forefinger. Blood-poisoning ensued,
gradually spreading, until it was feared
that he would have to lose the arm. His
condition to-day is more encouraging.
Japan, which forty years ago had no
other than coasting vessels, now has sev
eral large steamship companies, the larg
eßt of which owns sixty-three vessels.
Jmf B * cc ! n<l Monday of November of each year
The Judges holding such term cf court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
ehall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury,
me Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize such court, to provide the pro-
of th? r * of and to ca "T out tne Provision*
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
- No. 87.)
*i*tl es ? Ji t! n to Propose to the people of th»
Xti a fiHnn Cal on la an amendment ie the Con-
h» »V^i of the State amending article ele- en,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th«
said proposed new section to read as follows-
• s . cc tlon 6%. The provisions of sect! np four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shali
nave become, or shall become, organize* under
ilf^f/tv?"' or Becur * charter under sectioa
eight of this article. V ■--.'•-
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. 36.)
at V» r , U X io , n to P r °P° Be to the people of the
mate of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
v? s l lt " t ' on of the State of California, by
wnich it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
, Se . ct lon 15. A Lieutenant Governor uhall be
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
?r v a , nd hls qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be prssldent of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the Impeachment of
i cve v G >? vernor ' or his removal from office, death.
L, l« y t0 dlschar se the powers and duties oi
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy in the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of th"> Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
£ em ? Iy - until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
-.s :::■-, AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly | Constitutional Amendment
1 No. 88.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
Btate of California 'an amendment to section
six. article nine of the Constitution of the Stata
of California, relating to grammar schools, by"
which it is • proposed .to amend said section to
read as follows: .
Section 6. The public school system shall. In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal school*
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall.be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized in i
school district, or union of school districts
having more than one thousand Inhabitants la
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
slty of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 84.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section t. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The {Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-flve days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If th» two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
.within the. limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling' the ; Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-flve days of the session,
without the : consent of three-fourths ■ of i thi
members thereof. " .' , .- • , . .
; NOW, THEREFORE/ Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the ! Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval,", approved March 7, A. D. 1883, '
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and • advertised ■to be voted'
upon, by. ballot, .by the qualified electors of the
State, ■ at > the - election to be ■ held throughout
this State on ; -:.:.,:
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1898. '
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows: . ■:• ■■■■•..'.'. .' . - v : :•■:•'.■•':■ ..... . .■;,:-:'.-,-■
. Kach - ballot used at Buch ■ election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, : whereupon the voter may . express his
choice ; as ' provided , by : law: : ■."_» ;'•■
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment - No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
Cltjr and County of San Francisco, and -
Mrhe existing Indebtedness of the City Yet
of Vallejo'for the construction of its- .
water works ■ from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
~ nues of the year in which they were
Incurred). >'
For the. Amendment? -' \.
Amendment Number Two, being Senate ■•
Constitutional - Amendment No. 10 I Tea
(providing for.' framing local county { ' "
government ■ acts aby * inhabitants of No
" counties for their government).
For the Amendment? ;:. , \ - •
Amendment ' Number Three, being Ben- f. - ■
ate. Constitutional Amendment No. •
■■ 44. (providing' for ■■ the creation of a -' '.
" Court .of Claims to . determine claims : Ye«
'i '- against the State, and to -consist of- ' —
• : three • Superior Judges designated by No
. the : Governor :to , serve without • extra -,' ?
'■■: compensation). -._'.-■: -'•:■. . .-
For the Amendment? : . . ['■
Amendment • Number : Four, ~ being :' As- f
sembly Constitutional Amendment ':.- •
I No. 137 (exempting \ consolidated cities ' - Yet
,' and counties, organized- or to be or-< —
?* ganiied, oo s holding -a ■ charter <; un- , No
• der the Constitution, from certain leg- -
islation in relation to counties). ■ —
For the Amendment? ;, V... I'
Amendment ' Number ', Five, - being ; As- "■■'
;•■■ sembly -*v Constitutional ..Amendment '•'■■.-.:: -
- No. 36 ' (relating to office of Governor, Yet
 providing '„ for ' succession :. thereto in '::'■— .
• certain cases and removing disability -"No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding - ' ,
'■:': other '? office ; during term). .;-:..• '~-
: For the Amendment? , . .. [ .
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- :
-■- bly Constitutional Amendment No. . 38 Yes
'f..\ (relating zto • and ■'■. denning - Grammar ' - — — i
■V! Schools). .•■>■.'■"■ >-■ '■■■"■• •' ■ No
■ For the Amendment? : V'*'V:v
Amendment Number .; Seven, being As- f ' :
;..; sembly --Constitutional Amendment
.~:<. ~ : < No. 34 ;' (providing for • adjournment •of : '■ Yes
; Legislature • for • not ■ less .; than ■ thirty -I .
nor more than sixty, days during each ' No
.y session). I.i". v. ■-. :.. r- : '• ■-.■ ....'. -•-. ' ; ■ ; ■" '. ■■v-;..
-For. the Amendment? ':
'/-. Wltneas my • hand and - the Great ( : Seal of ■ the
State of , California, the . day ; and ; year - herein •
first above written. ' ' ~ ■:■■■■ -■■ -• :U~/; -■'■*-■ - ;
; ' JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.V
Attest: .L. H. s BROWN. Secretary of , State. ,
. KEALi.I . - • , •• ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jm CARTERS'
Jmtti^ySj Eim3 m mh"T vP
SBOK HEADAOHE
Positively cured by these
lattle Pills.
- They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. : They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
y*"""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/jLiiZtJifa 625 KEABKT ST. Established
JKr 1 It"*Wb In 1854 for the treatment of Privato
»Hji> b .JRSf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
; ,^B^jJ*flfa» disease wearineon bodyand mindand
£Sfe'i3>>rSr'a Skin Diseases. Thedoctoroureswneu
othei-afall. Try him. Charges low.
*^**™*SHMril *'•""" t****"****^*" 1 Callorwrite.
X>r. J. Il'.I 1 '. tilßßOld Box 1957. San francisco.
OCEAN • TRAVEL. v^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
' Steamers leave Broadway
rejlita^^ wharf, San Francisco : " .
i Wt&fSStfc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
I^^?^^!* Sept 3, 8, 13, IS. 23, 28, October
|Xl EcSvSra 3, transfer at Seattle.
1 ifi&fc^ljxai For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Eblmhßl c.), Port Tnwnsend, Seattle,
r^^SSMI Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10
' a m.. Sept. 3, 8, 13, •■ 18, 23, 28.
1 October 8. and every fifth day thereafter,
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry., at Tacoma to N.
P Ry at Vancouver to C. F. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m. Sept.
5, 11. 17, 23. 29. Oct. 5. and every sixth day
th af Santa ' Crus. Monterey. . >San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Oaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Sept, 2, 6, 10, 14. IS 22, 26.
SO Oct. 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
. For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los AnKeles and Redondo (Los Angeles),^ 11 a
ra Sept. 4, 8. 12, 16. 20. 24. 28. Oct. 2 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada Mapdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Par. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of
every month. ■ . . , ■_ 
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the . right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar><l Vi'*>ur?* of saillnff. • '. , • •-■
fICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). • . 
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
: 10 ■ Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO . p
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
ADC $12 First Class ? Includinsr Bertha
TnllL $8 Second Class and Meals.
i SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California ..........Sept. 7, 18, 25
Geo. W. Elder, .:........... ....Sept. 10, 19, 28
C01umbia.. ........ ..:...:. .....Sept. IS, 22, Oct. 1
St. Paul ...... |18 00 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City .... 28 00 Chicago ...' :.. U M
Omaha .......;.- 26 00 New York n Ot
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
430 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
; Superintendents. . -
Compagnie Generate Transatlantlque.
- ! French Lino to Havre.
Company's pier (new) 42 North -r-rjM-
Rlver, foot of Morton St. Travelers <gfa[ff?ls
by this line avoid both transit by •^■sms*.
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel in a small boat. New Tork to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140;
second class, $116.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. Sept. 10, 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE....... Sept, 17, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIB .......... Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Oct. 1. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE...: Oct. 8, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, .
No. 8 Bowling Green, New York.
3. F. FT'CAZT & CO.; Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. - _ .
>^ ne "• - MO AN A
B&*t*®m<a«!i&ttMnwMt Balls vla Honolulu and
83 jSn'H^ Kb w Auckland for Sydney
fHVRIBBdI Wednesda y> - September
InHnlL 9alls vla Honolulu and
fc *■""• Auckland for Sydney
y ~^«_^ Wednesday, September
SfMWllfW ' *s. s P ' Australia
Jr^^T GJIUJIIIJIIIV sails forf 0r Honolulu only
X3§**^ /QJTJR(jntL.AYe<lne?<l.-iy, September
eSCSr ■;. \KBifAllwTa,' at 2p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
• -• ■ - .' 114 Montgomery Bt.
.- Freight offlce^327 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
BAY AiTD RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tue«., Wed., Thurs. and 5at............
-9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Friday........ ....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
5unday5...... .....:....... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and cf flees— Mission Dock. Pier 8.
Telephone Red 2241. >-
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay street Wharf. Fare 75c.
Delightful Bay Trip, 44 . miles and return.
On Sundays. Excursion; $1. * ...
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
' Sausalito Ferry. 
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
•I. AND SAN RAFAEL.
- WEEK DAYS— '7:2O, »9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; .*I:4S,
3:45,-6:15, *6:00,6:30 p. m. . ■ ■'- ; .
EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Mondays,
Wedner and ' Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, *10:00, ■ *ll:30 a. m.; 1:15,
3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. .
■ Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROi SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *6:35, 7:45, *9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20, : 2:20, *3:45, 5:05. p. m. V
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, , Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m. ■ : ■.;•■.
SUNDAYS— •10:00, •11:55 a. m. ; *1:16,
•3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. tm. • ,-, .. .. ■= ■ :
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
■f WEEK DATS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m. ; 1?:35,
2:45, 5:50,:5:20 p. m. ,:' , ,• v ; :•
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 r- m. ;; ' : >; :■■ . r
SUNDAYS— B:OO,. 10:05 m.;' 12:05, 1:20, 3:20. :
5:00, 6:20 p. m. '-■'■-■- '" "■■■•
THROUGH TRAINS. , :
7:20 a. m.-week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m,- Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. '"-. " ' ' ." ' ■ •
8! a. m. 1 — Duncan Mills andlway. sta's
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ; Hat, , traina . will run •as follows:
-;, South-bound, ji %%; -'..' ; North-bound. •
Passen- Mixed. '*"■- ' : Mixed. Passen-
r ger. Sunday Sta- Sunday ger. -
Daily. Exc'ptd i; tlona. ;<'; Exc'ptd' Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am :f* Stockton *& 3:45 pmi 5-40 pm
8:10 am 12:50pm Merced ■ 12:50pm 3:53pm
10:40aro 3:sopm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pra
11:35 am 6:45pm . Hanford ■iV 7:45 ami 1:23 pro
• 8:45 pm 11:50 pm 'Bakersfleld: 2:30 am 10:15 am
U:ospm 7:sopm : Vlsalia • 6:4oam 12:55 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of •
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at J
p. m. daily; at Merced with stages to and from
BBelllnfra, Coultervllle, Yoi«m!te, etc. ; also
with stage from Hornltos, Mariposa, etc.: at ■
Lankershim wlta stage to and from Madera. i
AUCTION SALES.
ELEGANT FURNITDRE.
THIS DAY (TUESDAY), AT 11 A. M.,
838 MCALLISTER ST.. NEAR LAGUNA.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 6"2 Market. V
AUCTION SALE.
y?>
TO-MORROW.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 7, at 11 o'clock at
Grand Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth Street
Horses, Express and Delivery Wagons, Top
and Open Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NOCTIIEKN r*CII'IC lOMPIHT.
(PACIFIC BIHTBM.)
Train* lenr« »ml »re due to arrive a*
~ : '..- ■■-■*• ■:• ■= SAN. FItANC'INI'O.
. (Mala Line, Foot of Market Street)
tBAVs — Paovc July 10, 1888. — akrivb
•6:OOa Kile*. San Jose and Waj Stations... •8:45 a
7:OOa. Benicia, Sul£un and Bacr&mento. ... 10:43 a
7:OOa MarjßTille, OroTUle and ReddiDß trio
Woodland 5:4.1p
■ 7:00 a. Elmira, Vacaville and Ramsey 8:43p
7)30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
OalUtojta and Sauta Koea 6:lSp
SiOOa Atlantic ExpreM. Og<i<>n and Kast.. S:4sp
•lilOA Sau .lose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, - Sacramento, Mnryv. ium,
Chico, Tehama and Re/t Kiiiff.... 4tlSp
«:3Oa Peters, Oakdalt; »nd J&mestown.... 7:15p
I # »j3oa Milton »7i131r
: •JiOOa New Orleans Kipress. Moroed, l"r«»-
no, BakenSeld, Santa tiarliora,
I<os A!i2-]t-». Deiuiug, £1 l'a*o.
New Orleane and Eact 6i43*
IO:O«A Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.1?
•I:O«P Sacramento Ki»er Steamers •9:»Op
.: San Joße, Nlles and Way Stations... J»:l3*,
BiOOp LlTermore, Mendota, Hanford and
VisalU... ;  4:13r
....... Lirermore, San Jose, NUes&nd Way
- Stations JIOiISa"
4t«Or Martinez, Han . Uaiiion. Vallejo,
Napa, Culistoen, V.I Verauo aud
- ..•' Sauta Itoia »il»*
4ioop Benicia, Vaoaville, Woodland,
■ X nights Landing, Marjrsvllle, Oro-
*ille and Sacramento 10:15*
4i3Op Nlles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7;15»
4:BopBtockton »nd Lodl I»il8»
4i3t»p Ijathrop, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojave, Sauta Barbara, and }.<m .
Angeles....: 7»43*.
4iBor Mirtiuez, Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite) and Fresno..... ISjls>
4:3*p Sauta Fe Route, Atlautlo Expren
Moja»» and Ea5t....... 6:45 p
SiOVr Ruropeaii Mall. Ogilen and Kast.... 9:4-1\
♦8:U»r Vallejo 12:lClp
o:OOpHayward*. Nilec and Han Jose 7:434
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ......;...........-. J«j*3»
SiOOp Oregou Kxpress,Haorame»to, Mary*.
vllle, Redding-, Fort, fuget '
Bou:idaiid Eaut g:ia*.
SAN LEA.M>Ku AM) HAYVVAKDS LUCAL.
(Foot o! Market Street.)
1 Melro»e. Sominarjr Park, ? 7sl»*
II:OOa Kit<-hhnrK, Elmhurst, C2 ! l^
iHS* Ban Lea»dro, South Ku s°;«*
112:00 m ' Lorenzo, Cherry • ti:43r
is-.oor aiu) • }2:4. ip
5:00p - RsTUaxds. (S:4sp
7x«op < Rons through tc Nile*. 7:-13r
; j t From Nilea. ' ' t. '
~~ COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uanire). *
(Foot ot Market Street.) ■
17:45 a Satita Cruz Kxcuraion, Santa Crui
and Principal Way Stations ....... J SiOsr
Sslßa. Newark, Cen ter»ille,.S»a Joao.Felton,
- Boulder Creek, Cruz aud Way
■ Stations . »l50i»
■SilSr Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Alinaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •I»i3Oa.
4:l."sp San Jose, Glenwood k Way Stations 0:20
a4»lsp Boulder Creek and Santa Crn» j»:2Ua.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrom 8&1 KiICISCO— Foot «f Mirket Streat (Sii? 8)— -
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl:00 *2:00 t3:03
' •1:00 J5:03 •■ •6:00 p.m. . .
from OmilD— Fott of Brotiway.— 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tia;OO ■ ' *l:00 ■■- ta:OO «3:00 ti:Q9 *8:00r ji.
~~ COAST DIVISION (Broad Oange).
(Third and Townsend Sts.)
•7:OOa Sau Jom »ud Way titatlous (New
Alraadsn Wednesdays only) liSOr
17:30 a Sunday Excursion (or Ban Jose,
* '. ■ Santa Cruz, Pacific - Grove and
Principal Way Stations. tSiSSr
■:OOa Ban Joaa, Tres Piuos, Banta Crux,
Pacific GroTe, Paso Robles, San .
Lula Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf aud
Principal Way Stations....:.;... " 4llop
lOiIOa Sau Jose and Way Stations *8:O0a
11i3Oa San Jose and Way .Stations ....... •SiB3.*
*»i4SpSan Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jom, ~
Gllroy. HoUUter, Santa Cm*.
Salinas, Monterey ," and Paolfle
Grore *IO:8Oi
•StUOr San .lose and Way Stations *9:00 a
-*4:13p San Joseaud Principal Way Station! 9:43 a
*3:OOp San Jose aud Principal Way Station* 6:33
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations ' OiSOp
6:: tOp San Joseand Way Stations 7:30p
t11;45p San Joseand Way 5tati0n5......... 7:30 i»
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. -
* Sundays excepted. t Sundays only, t Satunlayß only
I Sundaye and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAU FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. ; RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoo Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO - SAN RAFASIi.
W t E , D AYS-7:30. - 9:00. Jl:00 a. m.; U:SS»
J:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
•t ll:»o p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m. ' ..
ByNDAYB-8:00, »:30, U:00 a. m.; 1:10, 3:10,
I ; 5:00, 6:20 p. m.
I SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
| WEEK DATS— fI:W. 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; IS:4S.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trlp» at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m. ' . :
: BTJNDAYS-8:l67 9:40, U:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
, 6:00, 6:25 p. m.
. Between Saa Francisco and Schuetzen ; Parlc
came echedule as above. ■ -
_ Leav* - •">■ Arrive
- Ban Francisco. In Effect San Franciioo.
■ June 29. •' .
Week I Sun- 1898. Bun- I Week
Days. | days. Destination. ■ days. | Days.
7:3oam 8:00 Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ara
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 ana
6:10 pm s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:23 pmi
Fulton,
7:Boam .. Windsor, 10:85
Eealdsburgr,
• Lytton, . .
: GeyserviUe,".
1:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
7:3oam| I Hopland and I ■ 110:25
<:30pm| 8:00am| L'kiah. ( 7:35pm! 6:22 pra
7:3oam 5 . 10:35 am
. • 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm f 6:23 pm
''■ i
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am S:4oara
and - ■ •■■■■■-. .
6:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. f 6:lopm B:22prn
7:3oam| 8:00am| SebastopoL 110:40 amjlO:23ain
. B:3opm| s:oopm| | 7:3s pm| 6:2Bpm
- Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West .
1 Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-:
serville for Skagga Springs; at Cloverdale ■ for
the Geysers; at Hopland > for • Duncan ? Springs.
Highland Springs, . Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs,: Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, ' Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-,
side, ■ Lierley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullvllle, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City,- Fort Bragg, ■ Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. . ,
- On Sundays: round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER. . R. X. RYAN,
;■; Pres. and Gen. . Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
. .
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
1 ferery Day Pullman Palace G!cep:r.4 Car*
'and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
Ran on the Following Timei
g/eave San Francisco.4:3o p. in., S.M,T.W.T.F.a»
Denver.... ....6:03 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arriv* ; Kansas C1ty..7:00 a-'m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Bt. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Ch1caK0.^.....9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
■■.-,■ HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very. Reaaoa*
able Rates. . '
yOU will" BE COMPQRTARLS "
; If You Travel on the Santa Pa, v
i (111 , pCISCO TICKET OFFICE— SZS HUKEI Sit
i .. ".'. TELEPHONE MAIN I£3L
ftklftod Offioe— lllB Broadway.
: ■ Saerameato* Office-r-201 J Street.
: Baa Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa o!ara Slw
MOUNT TAIIALPAIS RAILWAY. \
■ ■ " : ■■:'■: .""-• > (Via ' SausaUto 5 Ferry.) ; ; -' ■■'■-•■.- ,;
Leave San ' Francisco, -■ commencing May ],
1888 :.,■;••:.■•■•• :.;•-.. " ■ ■ .■•.".■.■:■-:•■--■ : ,:. ■ ;■ ;;
Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m. ,
Sundays- S:00, 9:00, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:1» and
t:SO.p. m. , ■ ■- ■ ■■■ :'• . ■ ' '. ,
/:'• Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. .
%■> THOS. , COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market : j
•trect, Saa Francisco.
910
CHIEF BORCHERS
WAS AN ENIGMA
Athletics Couldn't Solve
His Curves.
STRUCK OUT THIRTEEN MEN
SCORE WAS EVEN UP TO THE
EIGHTH INNING.
A Long Two-Bagger Brings Victory
to the Slough City Team.
A Great Catch by
Eice.
Stockton is out for the baseball pennant
with a vengeance. With Old Man Bor
chers and "Bandy" Pace for a battery,
the nine rejuvenated old and young men
from the Slough City have started to
climb into first place, and, judging by the
playing the team is putting up, it will
coon arrive at that much-sought-for posi
tion.
The Athletics were a sad and morose
lot of youngsters when they left Recrea
tion Park yesterday. By dint of hard
work and well-placed hits they managed
to tie their rivals' score, but try as they
would, not another run could they hand.
Borchers bowled them over like tenpins,
and when the strikeouts were counted at
the end of hostilities, the "Chief" had
thirteen to his credit. This in itself was
a great victory, but Borchers took It upon
hlmsHf to send in the necessary run that
broke the spell with a well-placed two
bapger to the center-field fence.
These incidents occurred in one of the
fastest and closest games seen on the
home grounds this season, last season or
past seasons. In fact, it was a reminder
of olden days.
For eight innings the score remained
2 to 2, and at no stag** of the c^'-tr-st n-ns
victory assured either team. Both Fitz
patrick and Borchers pltuiu-ii sieauy ua.i,
and were well backed up by their teams.
Throughout the nine innings excitement
held sway. Borchers began his wonderful
pitching In the first inning. Beaton fanned
nnd Reilly gained first on a scratch hit,
but expired at third owing to McLaughlln
and Collins striking out.
In Stockton's half of the first inning,
with two men out, Smith singled, stole
second and romped home on "Cootsy"
Billings' smash to the center -garden. In
the second inning Mulier added another
by ripping out a two-bagger, stealing
third and coming home on White's short
drive.
In the third tne local team scored their
only runs. Johnson ran for Fitzpatrick,
who gained first on a pitched ball and was
advanced to second on Beaton's sacrifice.
Reilly struck out. but Pace dropped the
sphere. As the batter raced down the
line to first base Johnson threatened to
take third, and Pace, in trying to watc*.
both runners, became rattled and threw
the ball wide to Selna. Johnson scored.
Reilly later scored on Collins' short drive.
Rice prevented still another run by mak
ing a brilliant running capture of Scott's
fly to deep center.
Neither side scored until the lust of the
eighth, when Pace, who worked hard to
retrieve his misplay. rapped out a single
and took second on a sacrifice hit by Bill
ings. Borchers then made his long hit
and scored his helpmate. Reilly 's error
nf Muller's sharp grounder let in another
run.
The Athletics could do nothing in their
half, although twn men. reached first. The
defeated team did some poor base run
ning, and this In a measure caused its
defeat. Umpire McConnell's eyes were at
fault at times, but as he erred ou both
teams no great harm was done.
Following is the score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Selna. 1 b 4 0 1 0 11 1 0
Knell, r. f 4 0 0 0 0 '0 0
Smith. 2 b 4 111110
Pace, c II lint 1
Bllllngß, s s 4 0 3 0 2 2 0
Uorchers. p 3 10 0 2 0
Rice, c. f.... ...3 0 0 0 10 0
Muller, 1. f. 4 110 10 1
White, 3 b 4 010 0 11
Totals 33 1 1 1 27 10 3
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
B»atnn. c. f.. ........ 4 o'oolo 0
Rellly. 2 b 4 12 13 4 1
McLaughlln, s. a.... 4 0 0 0 2 I v
Collins, r. f.. ........ 4 0 10 0 0 0
Scott, 1 b.. 4 0 0 0 14 0 0
Ford, c. .4 0 10 2 0 0
Johnston. 3 b.. ....... 3 0 2 0 110
ITiMerbrandt, 1. t.... 4 0 1110 0
Fltzpatrick, p 2 1 0 0 0 6 0
Totals ..." ...33 2 7 2 24 14 1
RUNS BY. INNINGS.
Stockton ....11 0 0 0 0 0 2 •— 4
Base hits .-. 2 2 1110 0 2 •— 9
Athletics.. 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 o—2
Base hits ..............1 1 11 Oil 0-7
SUMMARY.
Runs ' responsible for— Fltzpatrick, 2. ■ Two
base Billings. Borchers. Muller, ' Johnson,
2. Base on errorß— Stockton, ■• 1; Athletics. 2.
Brspr on Stockton, 2; Athletic*, j l.v Left
on bases— Stockton, 7; Athletics, G. . Struck out
—By Borrhers. 13:. by FUzpatrlck, 1. - Hit by
pitcher— Fltzpatrlck." Passed ball— Ford. ' Wild
pitches— Borcher*. Fitzpatrick.' Time of game—
1:30. v McConnell. Official scorer— Joe '
Stapleton.. /.'--.■.;
Robbed in a Saloon.
Katie Black and Mary Graham (alias
Murphy) were arrested at an early hour
yesterday morning by Policemen Ring
and Harter and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny. The com
plaining witness is Sol Martin, who al
leges that the two women took $80 from
his pocket while In a room in Crowley's
saloon on Mason street.
LABOR DAY GAMES
ON LEAGUE GROUNDS
NATIONAL, LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. i Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 74 42 .63S 'Philadelphia 56 57 .493
Cincinnati ..77 44 .CM Plttsburg ...Gl fi2 .496
Baltimore ...70 43 .619 Louisville ...51 70 .411
Cleveland ...» 48 .'.Srt Brooklyn ....44 67 .3.'8
Chicago 66 S3 .554 .Washington 40 7G .343
New Y0rk. ..64 53 .547 St. Louis 32 87 .2G'J
CINCINNATI. Sept. s.— The first game
required fourteen innings to be played be
fore the victor was known. Hawiey out
pitched Cuppy in the second game, which
was called at the end of the fifth innir.fr
on account of darkness. Attendance 11,580.
Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 17 2
Cleveland 8 21 3
Hatteries— Hill and Peltz; Young and Criger.
Umpires— Emslte and McDonald.
Second game — Score:
• Clubs— R- H. E.
Cincinnati 15 1
Cleveland •• 0 3 0
Batteries— Hawley and Peitz; Cuppy and
Criger. Umpires— McDonald and Emslie.
BOSTON. Sept. s.— Boston took both
games to-day from the Senators, al
though the visitors had a fighting chance
In the morning. Boston won through Col
lins' home run. The second game was a
pitchers' contest, in .which Nichols, as
usual, showed up finely. Score, first
game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 2 7 3
Washlnprton .... 16 0
Batteries— Willis. Yeager and Bergen; Klllen
and McGulre. Umpires— Hunt and Connelly.
Second game — Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 6 8 1
Washington 2 6 5
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen: Weyhlng and
McOuire. Umpires— and Connelly.
Attendance.3soo.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. s.— Baltimore
snatched a victory from the Philadelphia
team in the morning by bunching five hits
in the ninth and tenth innings. Attend
ance 2133. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 6 11 1
Philadelphia 4 7 5
Batteries— Orth and McFarland; Kltson and
Robinson. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
The afternoon game was one of the
most exciting played here this season. In
the seventh inning Kelley stole second
and "Monte" Cross kicked vigorously
against the umpire's decision declaring
Kelley safe. An excited occupant of the
bleachers jumped out on the diamond and
made a pa«s at GafTney, but he was
quickly hustled off the field. The Phillies
won out on a combination of misplays
and a batting streak. Attendance 6598.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 11 13 2
Baltimore 10 11 4
Batteries— Platt and Murphy and McFarland;
Hughes and Clark. Umpires — Gaffney and
Brown.
BROOKLYN, Sept. s.— The New York*
defeated the Brooklyns this morning by
timely batting in the eighth inning. The
home team scored their runs on errors by
Joyce. A left-hand catch by Gleason in
the seventh was a notable feature. At
tendance 2500. Score:
Hubs— R. H. E.
New York 474
Brooklyn 2 4 1
Batteries— Rusle and Grady; Dunn and Grim.
Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
The afternoon game was practically a
walkover for the Brooklyns. The New
Yorks were hit hard enough to win two
ordinary games, while Kennedy, with the
exception of the seventh inning, was in
vincible. Attendance 4000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 14 15 0
New York 3 6 6
Batteries— Kennedy and Ryan; Meekln, Doyle
and Gratfy. Umpires — Lynch and Andrews.
LOUISVILLE, Sept. s.— To-day's game
was played on muddy grounds and the
Browns proved to be the best mud horses.
The game was called on account of dark
ness at the end of the sixth inning. The
fames scheduled for Cleveland September
, 7 and 8 have been transferred to this
city. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
f?t. I>ouls 8 11 1
Louisville 5 10 1
Batteries— Carsey and Sugden; Frazer and
Klttridge. Umpire— O f Day.
CHICAGO, Sept. s.— The Orphans won
the morning game by well-placed hits at
.lust the right time. Griffith was hit
freely, but kept the hits scattered and re
ceived better support than Tannehill.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 5 9 1
Plttsburg 1 11 3
Batteries— Griffith and Donnhue; Tannehill
and Schriver. Umpires— Swartwood and War
ner.
Tne Orphans opened the afternoon
game by making their one hundred
and ninetieth double play, but were un
able to hit Hart and gave Thornton very
ragged support. Attendance 8000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 16 4
Plttsburs 6 10 1
Batteries— Thornton and Donohue; Hart and
Schriver. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
ARIZONA GOLD STRIKE.
Placer Gravel Found by Prospectors
Near White Hills.
KINGMAX, Ariz., Sept. 5.— W. A.
Walker and G. W. Allen are both in this
cltv from the White Hills mining dis
trict, fifty miles north, bringing a sack
containing several ounces of placer gold
which they lately discovered and separat
ed from the dirt and gravel with a dry
washer. The point of discovery is about
eight miles from V.-.te Hills and not far
from the Senator mine. In one day they
carried their dry washer from gulch to
gulch prospecting the new ground and
obtained $10 b«fore night. The field is an
extensive one, they say. and some of the
quartz broken off from the surface hangs
together with gold. Several parties have
left here and other points for the new dis
covery, and the opinion prevails that It
will make a new and valuable mining dis
trict.
':-. Ladles' tailor-t. de suits; latest designs: ws
»lv« credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Butter, r. |«l
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
NOT A FAVORITE
TAKES A PURSE
Talent Roughly Used at
Sheepshead.
MAHER RIDES TWO WINNERS
SLOAN FIRST ON BUT ONE
OCCASION.
Sir Rolla Captures the Owners' Han
dicap at Newport and Scottish
Chieftain Beats Fast Ones
at Anaconda.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 5.— A1l the favorites
were beaten at Sheepshead Bay to-day.
The track was in good condition and a
large crowd was in attendance. Sum
maries:
First race, five furlongs, selling:
St. Clair. 104 (Maher). 7 to 1 1
lien Viking, 106 (Sloan). 4 to 1 and 8 to 6.... 2
Diminutive. 103 (O'Connor). 20 to 1 3
Time, 1:01 4-5.
Roysterer, Great Land. Becken, Sister Fox.
Somers, Campus, Country Dance, Leplda,
Helen Thomas, Turvey. Jf-rld. Duke of Baden.
Warhead and Northumberland also ran.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth:
Landsiiale, 121 (Maher). 3 to 1 1
Maximo Gomez, 123 (Clawson), 7 to 1 and 3
to 1 2
Endeavor, 120 (Jones), 30 to 1 3
Time, 1:48 4-5.
Bon Ino, Arequeljus, Thomaa Cat, Charentus
and Merlin also ran.
Third race. Autumn, Futurity course:
Scannell, 10S (Sloan), 6 to 1 1
Rhinelander, 112 (Turner), 8 to 1 and 5 to 2.. 2
W. Overton, 129 (Burns), 4 to 1 3
Time. 1:11 4-5.
Captain Sigsbee, Marblehead. Hapsburg, The
Lady In Blue, His Lordship and Sugden also
rnn.
Fourth race, Twin City stakes, on« and a
quarter miles:
The Friar. 125 (Llttlefleld), 9 to 5 1
Mirthful, 111 (Maher), 9 to 5 and 1 to 2 2
Buela. 97 <T. Sloan), 4 to 1 3
Time, 2:07 2-5.
White Frost and Ben Holladay also ran.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs:
Loiterer, 104 (Burns), 13 to 6 1
Kenmore Queen, 107 (Sloan), 9 to 5 and 7
to 10 2
Tyrian, 101 (Lamley), 60 to 1 : 3
Time, 1:22.
Don Rice. Flax Spinner. General Maceo, Fil
ament, Rlnalrto and Fleeting Gold also ran.
Sixth race. Westbury steeplechase, two and
a half miles:
Diversion, 135 (Veitch). 13 to 6 1
Ollnda, 158 (Byrne), 2 to 1 and 4 to 5 2
Royal Scarlet, 158 (Cochrane), 3 to 1 3
Time, 5:28.
Baby Bill, Wood Pigeon and Equerry also
ran.
SIR ROLLA CAPTURES
A NEWPORT STAKE
CINCINNATI, Sept. s.— Over 5000 people wit
nessed the Labor day racing at Newport to
day. Weather fine; track fast. Summaries:
First race, seven furlongs, selling:
Eleanor Holmes, 101 (W. Dean), 3 to 1 1
Ma«gle S. 105 (X. Hill). 3 to 1 and even 2
The Navy, 103 (M. Dunn), 8 to 1 3
Time, 1:29.
Kowalsky, Duncan Bell, Waldorf, Rlda, Sue
Nell. Annie M, The Naulahka, Medicine, Dr.
Optic and Stella B also run.
Second race, four and a half furlongs:
Fleeting Ray, 105 (W. Dean), 7 to 1 1
Malalce, 110 (N. Hill), 7 to 1 and 2 to 1 2
Yakima, 110 (F. Thompson), 3 to 1 8
Time, :56V
Viola X, Mollle Xetters, Pansy H, Miss Pat
ton. Volyothen, Annie Mildred. Lizzie Gal
man and Stonell also ran.
Third race, one mile, owners' handicap:
Sir Rolla, 90 (Frost). 2 to 1 1
Doncella. 97 (Nutt), 7 to 5 and 1 to 2 2
Elkln, 100 (Southard), 12 to 1 3
Time. 1:41%.
Three Bam, Ma Angellne, Nick Carter and
Odaliche also ran.
Fourth race, mile and a quarter:
Taul Kavaur, 112 (W. Dean), even 1
Kitty B, 109 (J. Matthews), 4 to 5 and 1 to 2.. 2
Key del Mar, 112 (Gorman), 10 to 1 3
Time, 2:07 H.
Fresco, Rifle, Don Clarenclo and Royal
Choice also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs:
Folandies. 100 (Knight), 4 to 5 1
Carl C, 104 (Britton), C to 1 and 2 to 1 2
The Oelser. 101 (W. Dean), 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:02^.
Al Si rat, Paca, Furo, Tates Creek and Giddy
also ran.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling-;
Pancharni, 104 (J. Matthews), 5 to 2 1
The Planet. 110 (Southard), 15 to 1 and sto 1 2
Mound City. 103 (Gllmore), 6 to 5 3
Time, l:3Si4.
Hilda, Ben Frost, Can Gallop, Dr. Pitts and
Cecil also ran.
ONTARIO HANDICAP
WON BY DON QUIXOTE
CHICAGO, Sept. s.— Weather at Hawthorne
cool; track slow.
First race, one mile— Fervor, 2 to 1, won;
Greyhurst, 3 to 2, second; Discipline third
Time. I:SS.
Second race, six furlongs— Vice Regal. 9 to
2, won; La Salle, 12 to 1, second; Joe Manclni
third. Time, 1:20^.
Third race, one mile, the Ontario handicap,
for three-year-olds, $1000 added— Don Quixote,
5 to 2. won: Sardonic, 6 to 5, second; St
Alfonses D third. Time. 1:49.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Sea Lion, 4 to 1,
win; Espionage, 2 to 1. second: Our Nellie
third. Time, 1:05%. Jinks finished second, but
w:ih disqualified for fouling.
Fifth race, short course steepl. ha«e— Michael
G, 7to 2, won; La Colina, evti., second No
Bids third. Time, 3:29.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles— Can't
Dance, 3 to 1, won: Swordsman, 5 to 1, second-
Martin X third. Time, 2:04%.
SCOTTISH CHIEFT IN
TAKES THE HANDICAP
ANACONDA, Mont., Sept. B.— First race,
seven furlongs — Tom Smith won, Reolla sec
ond, Una Que Amo third. Time, 1:32%.
Second race, six furlongs— Taghalrm won,
Ocorona second, Kootenal third. Time, 1:18%'
Third race, four furlongs— Jack won, Etta H
second, Dutch third. Time, :49>*.
Fourth race, Labor Day handicap, purse' ssoo
one and a quarter miles— Scottish Chieftain
120 (Duffy), won; Tempo. SS (Gray), second-
Ostler Joe, 115 (Morgan), third. Time, 2:10.
Fifth race, one and a quarter miles, over five
hurdles— Lord Chesterfield won, Granger sec
ond, Viking third. Time. 2:20V4.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs— La Mas
cota won, Queen Nubia second. Bitter Root
third. Time, 1:10.
OWNER OF TRIMMER
CUTS A WATERMELON
BUFFALO, Sept. ' 6.— lt was cloudy, with
rain • and ' a •;. heavy ,-. track, _ at , ; Fort Erie this
afternoon. r A holiday crowd { of large ■ propor
tions turned out, and an old fashioned kllllnif
was made .on Trimmer. . : : . . ,
First race, selling, six furlongs — Bromo won.
Blind : Turner second, . Sir Tenny third ; Time'
1:21%. ■.;- •'. ■ ■: . :■-.■ ;■:.-:.;.-"-'■-. ■..■:.:• ;-,;,'.
. Second race, ■■■ five - furlongs— won
Ergo second, Walt a Bit third. Time. . 1:07% '
Third race,', selling, six 5 furlongs— . Lake
won. ; Loyal Frlnce second, • Mamie Callan third"
Time, 1:19. ....... : > ■:  ,-„';
Fourth race, five ' furlongs— Trimmer won
Triune second, Buena v, Ventura third, Time'
1:06%. ■ ■■. v ■ • "••-'■ :■- ■;■■-,: .-*• ■■■-■ ■ : ':■ ■ - ■■'
' Fifth race, Belling, • one : mile— Red Wolf won
Onza second, ■ Anneth Burn third. ■- Time, 1:52 " '
-■ Sixth race, selling, one : mile— Homelike won
Tony Hontg second, Bagpipe third. Time'
1:49%. *.'-' : - l'- ■ • - - ■'-■*' ' • ■
SHERIFF AND DISTRICT
ATTORNEY AT OUTS
Controversy in Marin County Over
the Granting of Liquor
Licenses.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. s.— One of the
merriest rows that ever disturbed the
Marin County government is about to
arise between the Sheriff's and the Dis
trict Attorney's offices. Tfie cause Is an
alleged juggling with the liquor license
laws on the part of District Attorney E.
B. Martlnelli in a way that tends to
throw Sheriff Harrison's office into dis
repute.
The trouble is over the renewing of a
liquor license for A. H. Mclnnes of Mill
Valley, and has some bearing on the suit
brought by the Tamalpais Land and
Ferry Company against that individual.
About four years ago Mclnnes was
granted a license to sell liquor, which was
renewed annually until May 25, 1897. At
that time a controversy arose over a
claim that In Mclnnes 1 " original petition
lor a permit for a license, filed with the
Board of Supervisors, an error had been
made. Inasmuch as the application had
not specified the building in which the
liquor was to be sold.
Sheriff Harrison was in a quandary, and
asked District Attorney Martinelli's ad
vice. The District Attorney stated that
in his opinion the application was faulty
and the license could not be renewed. On
being asked for his opinion in writing,
IWartinelli gave his opinion in black and
white, the letter being now preserved
among the Sheriff's archives.
r rom May 5, 1897, to the present time
Mclnnes has conducted the sale of liquor
without a license, and no action was
taken against him by the District Attor
ney, nor did that official present the
matter to the late Grand Jury. Last
\\ ednesday Mclnnes walked into Harri
son s office and asked for a renewal of
his license.
"I have seen Martlnelli," ho asserted.
and he said for me to certify that my
license has not been violated before the
County Clerk. In case you do not 'kick'
he says he will make no objection to my
getting the license."
Both Sheriff Harrison and Under Sheriff
Cottingham, while afterward In conversa
tion with Martinelli. were informed by
him that Mclnnes had told the truth.
Nevertheless, the license has not yet been
issued.
The strangest part of the affair is that
the District Attorney's office is not by
law supposed to have anything at all to
do with liquor licenses except to prosecute
violations.
Asthma. Bronchitis, Catarrh cure guaranfd. Dr.
Gordin. Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny.S. F.Col.
GLADSTONE'S WILL
HAS BEEN PROBATED
It Is a Remarkable Document Writ
ten by the Grand Old Man in
a Memorandum Book.
LONDON, Sept. s.— The will of the late
Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone has been
probated. It shows that his personal
estate is valued at £59,50 G.
Mr. Gladstone's will was written by
himself in an ordinary memorandum
book. It is a document of about 2000
words and is a remarkable specimen of
penmanship. The second clause of the
will has reference to the funeral arrange
ments, and says:
"Commending myself to the Infinite
mercies of God In the Incarnate Son as
my only and sufficient hope. I leave the
particulars of my burial to my executors,
specifying only that they be very simple
and private, unless there be conclusive
reasons to the contrary. And I desire to
be buried where my wife may also He.
On no account shall a laudatory Inscrip
tion be placed over me."
After appointing his sons as executors,
the will charges the future possessor of
Hawarden to remember that, as the head
of the family, it will be his duty to extend
good offices to other members thereof, ac
cording to his ability and their manifest
needs and merits. The rest of the docu
ment leaves souvenirs to servants and be
queaths to hlsl grandson. William, as
heirlooms all patents of crown offices held
by the testator and books and prints pre
sented to him by the Queen, letters from
the Queen, etc.
The will bears date November 26, 1596.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEU
A. Tlbbetts, Petaluma |H Prlnz&w, Monterey
Col Johnson. Benlcia |L)r Galliw. Jackson
C Bryant, Diamond Sp E B M Burns. Boston
G M Bruce&w, S Jose X Short&w, Wadswrth
A. L Henry. Raramento C Erickson, Martinez
V H Woods. Salt Lake \S B Parsons, Fresno
I Adolph, Truckee Wm Thomas, Chlco
L Dahl, Palo Alto Wm Grace, Portland
G Osmond. Salt Lake J J Hebbron, Salinas
M Kahn, Petnluma R S Smith. Palo Alto
F Funston, Presidio A Eskln. N'apa
C R Wlnfleld.Fetaluma C F Adair. Angela
C H Low. 8 Diego 'A Brown&w, Kernv
C B Shaver, Fresno 'R Rowlands. Placerv
W H Cook, Bentcla Miss Williams. Oaklnd
Mrs M Phillips, Bencta Miss Woodhams. Oakld
T E Lombard, IT fl N X 1. Hebbron. Salinas
F B Lathrop, Cal M Michael. Woodland
Olive Long-. St Helena M L Pawson. Cal
Emma Long. StHelena P Pweed. Petaluma
Mary Williams. Prtlnd W R Hale, Cal
J A Mclntlre. Sacto J R Itoblnson. Chlco
Miss Alice Clarke, LAC Burden&w. Sonora
I T McCardle, L Ang T Brown. Bakersfleld
F Sollnsky, S Andreas! E Staahlgren, Salinas
J H Anderson, Salinas I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H W Crab. Oakville F C Bak°r. Portland
D L Stewart. Sacto P V Osterman. Cal
T Jackson. Sacto C G White. Monterey
H Dimmlck. Vallejo B Pagan, N V
W Norris, Woodland Miss H F Byron, N T
R Foote, Woodland W D Davis, Cal
3 P King. Angel Islnd 5 W Burgpss & w.Cal
Dr C L McPike. Valjo J W Findlay. S Jose
I R Watson Jr, Valljo C P Heaton, Mo
A D Rickey. Pa 3 Van Leer. Cal
Mrs H M Jacob. Tehap Mrs S C Blackstone,
Miss C Jacob.Tehachp Mont
W P Flshburn. Nebr Miss M Blackstone. Mt
E H Quimby, KansasC M P StPln. Stockton
Mrs T M Northana. R T Barton, Salt Lake
Los Angeles R X Dawson, Boston
Mrs T M Rlellpy, LAn T X Parker, Boston
PALACE HOTEL.
C O Emery. S Diego I F Dunne, S Felipe
C F Fairbanks. Boston Mrs J Dunne. S Felipe
0 F Good, Boston T Flint Jr. S Jimn
9 A Lewis. Denver Mrs T Flint Jr, S Juan
T Harrington, Colusa E T Williams, Portlnd
C B T Moore, USA jMrs J M Fish, S Jose
H H Nlles, Palo Alto !R H Flint. Angels
Wm Irving. Riverside ? B Schloss&w. S Ra.fl
vV O Irving, Rlverside.W Chester, city
W E Dunne. L Ang I F Bnyd&w, S Rafael
II W White, Philada |F J Empson, Australia
Mrs H White. Philada
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
B Harrington. Occidntlß Massle, Penryn
B L Pollock. Denver ,3 R Davis. Callstoga
Jas Byrne. S Jose M Hansen. Colfax
C D Arvldson, Vallejo iC L Florence, Reno
d Andrews, Vallejo Jas Mclnerney, N T
Thos King. Stockton M C Foley, N V
Jas McDonald. NY R F Jackson, Omaha
r G Johnson. StHelena'Thas Norton, Seattle
CJ Cardharf, St Helena M Bums. Portland
H E Knight. Honolulu jl F Hlgglnson, Vlsalla
H Mathews, Sacto '
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister Btreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Nff. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal ,;■-• ; ; !
Arch Masons, meets THIS ■ EVENING. ~J\_
Business and M. M. degree. By direc- jC jr
tlons of the H. P. ; • :-: " : ".-- : : './Y>
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. : M.. •
will meet < THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-_JV_
ING, September 6, at 7:30 o'clock. ißjf
'Stated meeting. M. M., P. M. and M,(V>
E. M. degrees. - By order of the H. P. ;
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, .F. and •
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES-_JV_
DAY) EVENING, September 6, at 7:30 jE^T
■ o'clock. GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. /V\
PACIFIC Lodge No. 13G, F. * and A. M.— •:■-. •
Stated meeting THIS . EVENING, at^^r
7:30 o'clock. \ . jtvlf
GEORGE PENLINGTON, . Secretary. /V>
ORIENTAL. Lodge NO.-144, F. and A: ■ .
; Stated meeting THIS , (TUESDAY) Jk.
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. itX
A. B. HUBBARD, Seoretary. /V>
NATIONAL Union Call for- fc^^aaa—-?*^
nla Council No. 530, meets
TO-NIGHT, Elks' Hall, '
223 flutter st. .: . ■;. : : .- : ■-.'•:..';■■■■ • ■:'.-'■■.■; ~
QUARTERLY .-'. meeting— Austrian Be- v-i^*,,
nevolent Society, will be held Mpflftirf
WEDNESDAY EVENING, Septem- ?18»i?
■ ber ;7,"i 7:30 sharp. •:' All members are •'eBW i
'. requested. to be present for Important ",:.<
business. By order - : - • ■■"-•■■ ' - : ■■■■■■ : .'. -•■.-•' .'
'.». - M. SCANALJCH, President.
; •■■-. A. CONNICH. ; Secretary. ■-■■-.-. . : x .
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
. Dairymen's Union iof California ' will . be | held
'a t the office of the corporation, l 119 ; Davis st., ;
on M^fDAY.- September 12, 1898, at 1 o'clock
■ ;. ; p. < m.y for i the ; purpose <of ■ electing j directors
■"I for • the . ensuing , year and v the \ transaction >of
such other business as may! come before the
. . meeting. . . :;•: •,- 5. ,? H. ''• CHEDA; .- Secretary.
3 1 LODGE '• rooms: - all 1 needed ■ accommodations:
927 Mission. - L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay gt.  ■.-.-
|" ■' ' .V -. .'■- : ;i SPECIAL NOTICES. . . V : ?■""' '
BAD * tenants < ejected ' for $4; collections made :
, city or *■ country. , / PACIFIC COLLECTION
,' ', CO.. a 415 Montgomery St., room ;6: l tel; • 6680.
ROOMS papered ; : from I- $3; if' whitened. 'i $1 : up;
| painting done, r . Hartmann Paint ; Co., 843 3d.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMAXE.
NEAT young German girl desires situation,
cooking and housework, or as nurse, $10 to
$18; references. MISS CULLEN, 32& Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook and housework
girl desires situation; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse,
$10; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A SWEDISH girl, excellent cook; the best of
city references. Apply MRS. NORTON,
Swedish and German Employment Bureau,
313 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH second girl wishes situation; $15
to $20; strong and willing; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NEAT young German cook, best of references,
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
GOOD competent girl wants situation to do
general housework; is a good cook and can do
all kinds of German cooking; best city refer-
ences. Please call 1422 Devlsadero st.
COMPETENT German girl wants second work;
good references. Call or address 31 Van
Ness aye.
BY neat, respectable woman, position as work-
ing housekeeper or place In small family;
good cook; no postals. C. S., 127 Turk st.
GIRL wishes situation to do light housework;
wages $10 to $12; references. 1022 Larkin st.
GERMAN girl, good cook, wishes housework in
American family, $25; best references. Box
1767, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as housework or
second work. Call 244 V 4 Perry St., between
Fourth and Fifth; no postals.
EXPERIENCED American cook; will do plain
washing or housework; good recommenda-
tions. 633 Stevenson St.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants to take entire
charge Infant or will help with light house-
work and mind children; Jewish people pre-
ferred. Address 532 Eddy St.
YOUNG American girl wishes to go where
there Is only a baby to care for and help
with light housework. Address box 1760. Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day, $1 50. Box 1759, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wishes work by the
day or chamberwork; 10 years' references.
Address MRS. W., 217 Polk st.
EASTERN girl wishes position as general
housework; is good cook; can furnish best
references. Please call CSI Bay St., near
Leavenworth.
TRAINED nurse wishes engagements, $10 per
week; references: would nurse invalid; city
or country. Call all week, 610 Van Ness aye.
A TOTING girl wishes a situation to do cham-
ber work. 27 Harriet St.
SITUATION to do housework by woman; win-
dows, washing; good cook. Call, for 2 days,
442 Minna st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class waitress;
hotel or restaurant. Box 1765, Call Office.
COMPETENT English cook; understands all
kind? of French and American cooking; city
or country; best of references. C. M., box
17«9, Call.
WANTED — First-class place as housekeeper;
best of reference. Address M. HITCHCOCK,
Elmhurst, Cal.
RELIABLE seamstress wishes sewing, 50c per
day; references. Address E. E., 615 Larkln.
GIRL wants position to do second work In nice
family; city or country; wages $18 to $20.
Address 357 Hayes st.
DRESSMAKING, children's clothes and all
kinds of plain sewing done reasonable, at 7SV4
Clementina st. MRS. DEHNE.
COMPETENT woman from the East wishes a
situation in a private family; is a first-class
cook; will do small washing; references. Ap-
ply 206 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, with daughter, desire posi-
tions together; bothcompetent In all branches;
can take full charge; country. Box 1755, Call.
GERMAN lady wishes housework or to keep
house; good plain cook: wages $10 to $12 per
month: no objections to city or country. Ad-
dress r.30 Howard st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation as
housekeeper; thoroughly reliable and compe-
tent; country preferred. Call at 3352 Twen-
tieth st.
LADY Is anxious to get some kind of work:
must have it; has clerked; references. Ad-
dress E.. 615 I-nrkln st.
GERMAN girl wishes place; general housework
and cooking; $20 or $25. Box 181. Call office.
WANTED— By competent young woman, posi-
tion ns housekeeper, chambermaid or wait-
ress; wages $20: references. Address House-
keeper, box 364, Uklah, Cal.
HOI.'SEKEEPER desires situation Immediate-
ly: best of references. 212 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes to board 2 or 3
children; ages 3 to S years; good home;
mother's care. 2529 Lagun.i; good reference.
SITUATION wanted by an energetic woman
as working housekeeper. Address S. C, 324
Twenty-ninth st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady of some experience would
like a position in a doctor's office. Address
MRS. M. C. box 4. Call office.
POSITION to do housework for two In family;
very competent; wages $25. Call or address
2711 Bryant St.. near Twenty-sixth st.
WANTED— Washing or housecleanlng; $1 50 a
day. Box 81. Call office.
SITUATIONS WAKTED-HALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help:
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414H O'Farrell St.; tel. East 425.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
YOUNG man wishes to learn the blacksmith
trade. 1625 San Bruno road.
WANTED— Situation as coachman and garden-
er, city or country, by a reliable single man;
finest reference. Address box 1766. Call.
COMPETENT man wlehes situation as stable-
man. Call L. X.. 116 Grant aye.
OLD man wants light work. Box 1764, Call
Office.
COACHMAN: competent, steady, careful driv-
er, good horseman and overseer; not afraid
of work; many years with same employer;
best references. Box 1770, Call.
EXPERIENCED reliable man from north of
Europe would like to travel with rich fam-
ily; active and sober; very best references.
Box 690. Call.
BOY. aged 14, wants position; cash boy or any
kind of work. Call 1305 Mission St., bakery.
WORK by strictly sober German married en-
gineer, who does firing, pipe-fitting. repair-
Ing and put up any kind of machinery to full
satisfaction; city or country. Address Engi-
neer, box 100, Call office.
GOOD plain waiter desires steady position. In-
<iulre at New Atlantic Hotel, room 66. 207
Montgomery aye.
CHINESE boy wants situation; general house-
work, plain cooking, washing. Ironing. Ap-
ply at 25 Baker st.
STRONG middle-aged man wishes to learn
trade. Address box 1711, Call office.
MAN and wife (German) wish positions In pri-
vate family or milk ranch: experienced;
wages moderate. H. S., box 1748, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class German ger-
dener and propagator; can take care green-
house and milk; handy with tools. Address
A. GARDINER. Bfi3 Bryant st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $160 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bu»
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTBD-FGMALE.
2 CHAMBERMAIDS and waitresses; country;
$20 per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman; country; $10; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 32.". Sutter st.
A WOMAN with a child; $15; country. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, $10 per month, faro
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED German nurse, one child, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl light second work, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25: nurse, $20; 3 second girls, $20 and
$10; 10 housework girls, city and country. $20
and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 825 Sutter St.
RESTAX'RANT waitress, city, $5 per week: 3
chambermaids and waitresses, $20 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, Institution. $20. MISS CULLEN.
326 Sutter st.
FRENCH or German girl, housework, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
LAUNDRESS, $30 per month. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
THREE arm and check waitresses, $25 per
month each. MISS CULLEN. 32G Sutter st.
COOK. Jewish family of 3, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Suitor st.
WOMAN with a child, $10, onuntry, fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Su;><;r st.
CASHIER for restaurant, city references re-
quired: 15 waitresses: chambermaids, hotels
and restaurants, $20. $25, $5 and $6 week, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 31« Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house, $35, see
lady here at 9:80 to-day; 3 German. Scandina-
vian and French cooks. $25 and $30; 2 second
girls, $20; laundress, institution, $20; 2 cook*,
small hotel, $2R; and a large number of girl*
for cooking and housework in city and coun-
try. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
HELP WASTED— Co_tlnue<4^___
ETHEL ANDREWS, typewriter, call or send
address at once • C. R. HANSEN & . CO.,
.;;.'. 104 Geary st. , :
12 WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20 ,
many of them fare paid; 3 waitresses, city,-
$2O; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; cook, small
country hotel. $30; 2 women for washing and
Ironing. $20 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
i CO., 104 Geary st. . '.- - '-- '. ' ' -V- '
GERMAN cook. city, $30; second girl, $26;
girl. San Rafael, $20; girl, t San Mateo, $25;
' cook. . Berkeley. $25; • ranch cook, Elmlra, $20.
■ fare paid ; and a number of other girls for
I city and country, $20. J2.'i and $30. ns well as
young girls to assist, $12 and $16. C. R.
HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK. $35; 2 cooks, $25 each: house girl, 3 In
family. $25. ■, MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St..
NURSE ; girl. $10; house ' girl, country. $25;
■ 'middle-aged woman light work. ■ $10: house
girl. 2 in family, $20; nurse girl, $20; wait-
ress, $15: house girl. Belmont, $20. no wash-
ing.. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St. .
4 ' HOTEL waitreses, $20; ' 2 chambermaids, to
assist waiting, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, : 420
Kearny st.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nurse girls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Lark In st. - -.
TWO 'young ladles to Introduce Egry x Auto-
graphlc • Sales Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS., 643 Clay st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework ; and
cooking; must have references. Apply 729
Turk st. ,
YOUNG girl for light housework; sleep home.
444 Third st. ■
YOUNG girl for light housework. Apply 1430
Leavenworth st.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking. 1032
Folsom st. ■•
GIRL for general housework: family of 3; no
children; $15. 3712 Sacramento st.
GIRL for second work and waiting on table;
$15. 926 Grove st. ; bet. ,10 a. m. and 4 p. m.
WANTED— 2 good finishers on fine pants. 660
Fourth near Brannan.
YOUNG German girl to assist with housework
and children. ■ 736 Turk st.
YOUNG girl for light housework and to assist
with 2 children. Apply 21 Beulah st., bet.
Cole and Shrader.
GIRL to do light housework. 137 South Park.
GIRL for general housework; assist with cook-
Ing: city references required. 2013 Pine st.
GOOD home; young girl to do light house-
work; small wages. 776 Fulton st.
GIRL to learn dressmaking. Apply 10 o'clock
MME. GOLDSTEIN. 3 Eddy St., room 14.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted. 751 Market
street.
■_ :
WANTED — Finishers on custom-made coats;
, also apprentice. 409 Clementina st. $ %
WANTED— Talloress; also a . tailor. 922 Sev-
enth st., Oakland; Market st. station. '.
GOOD finisher on coats; $9 a week. 251 Eighth
st., Oakland. . .
GIRL for general houeework. -, Call after 9
a. m. 3448 .Twentieth St., corner Capp.
WANTED— Neat young lady to wait on table.
513V4 Jones st.
GIRL for general housework; no cooking. 17
Langton st.
WOMAN or girl to sew carpets. 703 Geary St.,
corner ' Leavenworth.
WANTED— grirl to assist with general
housework. Call 2527 Pine st. ■
WANTED— GirI for general housework. Apply
1220 Eddy st.
FINISHERS on cloaks wanted at 723 Market
rtreet.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on custom
coats; $12 per week. 20 Ellis St., room 54.
WANTED— German : girl, aged 15. for kitchen
work, $7 per month. 1305 Mission st., bakery.
GIRL for housework, American family of S,
$20: second girl. $15. 631 Larklh St.
NEAT girl for housework and cooking. Apply
from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. Tuesday, at 1208
Guerrero st.
GOOD chance for a young lady, not under 18,
'to learn a good trade. Box 1771, Call office.
WANTED— A girl for second work and take
care of children: German preferred; city
references required. 2420 Van Ness aye.
GIRL to learn dressmaking; good sewer; small
wages. 1507 Devlsadero st.
GIRL wanted for general housework and Ger-
man cooking. 1440 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced tailoress on
custom coats. 222 Beventh st.
WOMEN and girls: steady work on fruit and
canning. Californlan Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Branran St., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRL for general housework; plain cooking;
family of 3; references. Call at 1826 A Sutter.
NEAT woman; cooking and housekeeping;
Protestant preferred. Monday from 10 to 1,
at 4118 Van Ness aye.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on shirts, at GREENE-
BAUM, WEIL A MICHELS. 531 Mission st.
MISS GILLIGAN, dressmnking and cloak-mak-
ing school. 223 Grant av<\
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshirts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS A CO.. 36H Fremont st.
LITTLE girl to take care of baby. Apply 2212
Pine st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
HELP WANTED— MALI-;.
WAITER, mining town, $25 to $30 and found.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
BARKEEPER, $35, for country hotel, see
party here; painter and paperhanger, $30 and
found, same place; waiter, $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
16 COLORED extra waiters; free fare both
ways. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
6 EXTRA waiters, $2 a day, 4 days; 2 extra
cooks, $2 50 a day, free fare both ways.
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, hotel. $40; second
cook, hotel, $60; second cook, plain hotel, $30:
dishwasher, city, $30; country hotel, $23; veg-
etable man, $25; cook for an eating house,
north, $50, half fare paid. C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 104 Geary st.
POLISHER and starcher; hotel laundry; $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary.
PORTER and runner; country hotel; $20. C.
R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
3 WAITERS, $45; waiter, city, $30; country.
$30; d waiters, plain hotels, city and country
$25. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
50 TEAMSTERS and laborers for the coast
road; f,ree fare. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104
Geary st.
25 2-HORSE teamsters. J25 and found, for new
railroad work, free fare; 15 shovclers for a
tunnel, outside. $1 75 a day, froe fare- 2
scraper teamsters, near city, $26 and board-
IS laborers and 20 teamsters for a new moun-
tain railroad. $22 and board
700 laborers and rockmen for Alaska and
British Columbia railroads; wages 30c an
hour and %2 a day and up. Particulars at
C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st
FARMER and wife, $35: 9 farmers, $15 and $20-
4 coal miners, see boss here; young man
with some experience packing coffee. C R
HANSEN A CO., 104 Oeary st.
7 RAILROAD tunnelmen ; $2 60 a day- lon*
Job. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
INDOOR servant; J25 and found. C. R HAN-
SEN A CO., 104 Geary it.
t OFFICE boys this office. C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED
10 strong men for handling and piling lum-
ber, city. $1 50 to $2 per day
25 Inborers for the woods, $2G and found, half
fare paid
15 ranch tcamstPrs, $2.1 and found
6 teamsters, city work. $1 75 day
Laborers, city work: man and wife for ranch
FREE FARE
for 25 teamsters and laborers for R. R. work
MURRAY A READY. 634-S3G Clay »t.
READ the San Francisco Evening Dally Re-
port for the employment agents" afternoon
advertisements.
MURRAY A READY, 634-63G Clay st
TAILOR for a email country shop- $2 day
MURRAY A READY. 634-& C Clay st.
FRENCH or Italian cook, country. $50 nn«l
found; dishwasher and cook, short order* $25
and found; hotel cooks, $40 and $35; waiters
country hotel. $25 and found. MT:RR\Y A
READY. 034-630 Clay St.
7 LABORERS for railroad in the woods, runs
all winter, $20 and found, fare and fee $3; io
woodchorpers, year's Job, 90c and $1 15 a
cord, tools, grub and fare Rdvanced: 6 men
to make loggings; hostler. $25: ttable boy. $ir>-
2 farmers. $15. R. T. WARD A CO.. 608 and
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Blacksmith helper, young man for
shop n«>ar city. $9 per week: 2 farmers, near
city, steady place, $20: waiter, country hotel
fare advanced, $20: vegetable man for res-
taurant In city, t2S: dishwasher, $23. and
others. W. D. EWER A CO.. 626 Clay st
MAN who has had experience in wholesale
grocery for general work, repacking and
coopering; wages $10 per week; advancement
If it can be earned: references. Box 761. Call.
C BROa . A A CO.. S'ButSr ll^ APPIy MISS
HELP WAXTED- Continued.
WANTED — 6 German grape pickers, $1 day: 4<
Quartz miners. $2 50 day; laborers for mine,
$2 day; buggy washer; 25 laborers for city
and country, $1 day and board and $1 75 day;
farmer and wife, $35, see boss in city: man
for fruit drying; choreman, $10 to $1?: black-
smith, $35 and board; machinist for country;
2 quarrymen, $30; and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Fry cook, $40; 2 boarding house
cooks. $30; pot washer, $7 week; restaurant
porters, bakers' helpers, restaurant and ho-
tel waiters ami others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 62S Sacramento St.
MAN familiar with tamaie business as solici-
tor; commission and salary. CaJl 7 to 9a. m.
and 5 to 7 p. m., 417 Mason pt.
DRIVER for milk wagon; reference. JAMES
KENNY, Silver aye., near Mission road.
DISH and pot washer; $20; country hotel. HO-
TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED — Young man to help In a laundry.
1318 Turk st^
AN upholsterer and boy to learn trade. 1512-
1514 Polk^st.
BOY with experience in carriage painting. 834
Devlsadero st.
WANTED— Young man to drive milk wagon;
experience preferred. At 140S^_ Devlsadero at.
PRESSBOY at Boulin's Printing Office, 519
Filbert St.
YOUNG man wanted for painting and whiten-
ing. 343 Third st. Call early. •_
BARBER wanted; steady: at 105 Fourth st.
TAILORS, operators and pressers on custom
coats. 20 Ellis st., room 54.
WANTED— A second cook; wages $15; at. the
Washington Hotel, 624 Fourthjjt. _
WANTED— Young bootblack for barber shop;
must be good snlner. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 painters. 830 A Harrison st. Call
7 a. m.
WANTED— A man to work in lodging houss
for his board and room. 711 <s Mission st.
STRONG boy wanted to work in bakery. 14_
Eleventh st.
PAPER hanger wanted. 138 Eleventh st.
SHARP.
A FIRST-CLASS, experienced specialty sales-
man can make a few thousand by handling
our goods in California; write for particulars.
HOLCOLB & HOKE MFG. CO.. Sullivan.
Ind. ,
BARBERS — Special auction Monday, Septem-
ber 19, 2 p. m.. at 1504 Park st.. Alameda. of
a modern barber shop; investigate befora
sale this chance of buying paying shop.
CUTTER on shirts and overalls; steady em-
ployment. Apply 308 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A man for nursery work; wages
$15 per month. 500 Haight st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
80 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declare- 1
their intention to become such: must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office. 28
Ellis Bt.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED^— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 "th: tel. Jessie 1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138>5> Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
J. J. HEINZ, 630 Market St., official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
SAILORS and ordinary ceamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy-
room, 2uc night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 2f.c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and jl
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st., neap
Market; 200 rooms, 25c nipht; reading room:
free 'dub and baggage to and from the ferry.
J39 HATES ST.— Branch office ot Tl>« Call.
Subscriptions and mic taken.
AGENTS* WANTED.
L.ADIES and gentlemen; new proposition; bl»
money. Room 16, Press Club building, 123
Ellis st.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. A Novelty Co..
1166H Washington st.. Oakland. Cal.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CallT
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer*
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable E
COHN, auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 MarkPt nt. : tel. Jessie 32.
ROOMS WASTED,
WANTED— One nice furnished front^roonTamd
1 unfurnished kitchen; rent not exceed $8
48 Oak st.
WIDOWER and daughter wish 2 unfurnished
rooms and kitchen, between Stockton and
Larkln, Market and Bush sts.; $S- references
given. Address box o.*. ("all ofnpp.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— A 3-row accordion; must be cheapT
WANTED— Church or chapel organ. Box 939
Call.
WANTED— A 26-horse power engine in good
condition; give full particulars and best price
f. o. b. cars. San Francisco. Address R R
box 1706. Call office. '
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus, second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly
Ofl.ll. In wrapper, for mailing.
MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
FOR Sale — A lot of fine family cows Inoulra
103S Capitol aye., Ingleside.
NEW mining and milling machinery cheap-
easy terms. Assay office. 10 Stevenson st.
TO tailors— l Wheeler A Wilson machine. No.
8; French-plate standing mirror; large cut-
ting table: tailor gas stove and work tables.
Apply at 515 California «t.
GREAT sacrifice— Large stock of elegant ladies'
stage wardrobe. 1010 Geary st.
COW; fresh 2 weeks: rich milk; gentle. 2214
Alameda aye.. Alameda.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos etc
__new, 2d-hand. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st. "
NEW handsome 16-feet quartered oak bar~and
back bar; bargain. SIS Bush *t.
HARP, American improved, five octaves, ele-
gant tone and finish. $75; professional mando-
lin. $12. Call or address Harp, S4l Telegraph
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
BAR outfits, store fixtures. scales7~etc. ; sec-
ond hand; cheap. 868 Folsom St.. near Fifth
60,000 FEET 2d-hand lumber; rustic and floor-
ing; 15th, near Mission; old buildings bought
F. J. FRENCH. Royal House. 126 Ellis st.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records. $h per do*eiT-
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 938-?52 Market!
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show easel coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-102J
_Mi«nton st., above Sixth.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
half original cct 109-111 Market. 3. F.
CARPET CLEAN-ING]
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning "\V~orks^Cleans7
nioves. lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor worlc
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 451
Stevenson st.; tei. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
3. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st ■
tPI Main TO4. (IKO. WOI.rnM, Proprietor.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewrltters sold and rented7~?ew~partly
used for sale cheap: eend for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER A CO.. IM Montgomery.
NEW Hammond. $35: CallKraph $15; YoetTtsT
I cet sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery. '■V-IRBSfI CHANCES.
$350— CORNER, butcher shop; old established.-
No. 1 location; north of Market: cleara $:4
month over expenses ; rent $15; bargain ac-
count of departure. McLAUGHLIN 777 i
Market st. ■ . . •
$1000— PARTNER wanted In shipping business;
must be a Scandinavian and have satisfac-
tory references. McLAUGHLIN _ CO 777 '■
Market st. ~ ._./'.:..;;
$350— DELICATESSEN store; tine location- good I
buslneas; rooms. McLAUGHLIN. 777 Market, j
$SOO-LODGING-HOUSE and saloon. 20 rooms;
newly renovated; steady • lodgers and board-
•rs; good location. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 I
Markrt st. • ' v
, $18,000— GENERAL merchandise store In a pros-
perous country town; stock by Inventory; re- i
tlrlng cnuse of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
7,7 Market st. .:■. -- :
A— s4oo; CORNER saloon, established -years, i
eurrounded.by planing mills and factories; I
rent $30; a good paying place: disagreement of
partners cause of this splendid offer. WILKE,
7h3V)i Market st. . ,
$250-SALOON on Third St.. close to Call bulld-
lng; rent $25; clubrooms; stock worth $500;
circumstances compel owner to accept 25 per
cent If gold at once. ■'• tLKB, 783V4 Market st.
A— s9oo; RARE chance: saloon in choicest loca-
tion; -billiards; elegant fixtures; large stock
of liquors; excellent paying place; other busi- i
new compela owner to a great sacrifice.
; ILKE. 7!;3% Market st. 
$750— CORNER grocery and bar, with 4 living
rooms; very best location; 2 blocks north of
Hibernla Bank; doing a splendid cash bai
and store trade.' Inquire WILKE, 753% Mar- i
ket St.
A-$450: RESTAURANT and chophouse; kept i
by present owner for 20 .years; .average daily
receipts $3:.; a genuine first-class, business of-
fer. WILKE. 7834 M.irket st.
$2200 or less— Gent's furnishing, Cakland: at In-
volce: cleara J1.'.0. KREDO S CO., 22% Geary.
A- $1800; oom«r grocery and bar; value Insight;
$35 to HO dally. Kredo _ Co., 22'j Geary st. i
A— sl7so; roadhouse near Park; 20 elegantly fur-
nished rooms; fine bar; $35 daily. KREDO
a CO.
A— sl6oo; meat market and buildings; long lease;
estab, 10 years; receipts $50 daily; rent $10;
chance for practical butcher. KREDO & CO.
JlGoo— Cor. dn:^ store; invoice $3000; $25 daily;
$$00 cash. KREDO & CO.. 22V* Geary st.
t$7CO— REST AURAN T opposite farry; establlsh-
ed 10 years; well worth $1000; selling on ac-
Count of disagreement of partners. M. LESS.
7i\". Market st. •
$IECO-tBL'TCHER shop north of Market St.; In-
cludes 2 buildings, 2 horse= 2 wagons:- clears
$250 -per. month; best-class, trade; gets high
prices; trial given. LESS & CO.. 765 Market.
Al cigar store in one of the best localities in
the city; established many years; clears $100
per month; fine stock: bears close investiga-
tion: will take $323 If soi.i at once, aa owner
wants to retire. M. LESS & CO.. 7*B Market.
$450— GROCERY an.l bar; north of Market St.;
oM established: fine location; doing good
business. JONES & BteABLL. 865 Market st.
$2iO— OLD established cigar, stationery, candy
ptqre; furnished rooms: good place for bright
woman. JONES .t SEARLL, 863 Market st.
. $1000— GROCERY and bar; . Western Addition;
elecaj • location; doing good business; or will
. take a partaer. JONES & SEARLL, Mkt.
DELICACY 1 ; dairy, produce store: flne lo-
cation; Western Addition: with 4 sunny liv-
ing rooms; receipts average $10; . excellent
chnnge for man and wife. STENBERG —
CO.. 26% Kearny St.
$50 PER month; steady man wanted with $130
as partner in established business In San Ra-
fael. Particulars of GEO. STEWART & CO..
632 Market, st.
$350— CANDY store and Ice cream parlors In
good country town. DECKER, 1020 Market.
$4000— A RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PERNAU
8R05.,' 643 Clay st., San Francisco.
$sCO — AN old-established butcher shop, doing
nice business; fixtures complete; large com-
bination safe; large and. Km&U scales; cash
register, almost new; large Ice box; marble
counters, etc. Apply box 1763, Call office.
FOR SALE— A fine. tea, coffee and sptce busi-
ness; stock, fixtures and large outside trade;
owner going- in wholesale business; price
reasonable. Address box 940, CaU office.
BARBER shop across the bay; great bargain
if taken Immediately; owner is In saloon
business; big wages guaranteed. Apply
STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
WANT partner with small capital for legiti-
mate proposition; will net $2500 in two
months. Call, 2 to 5, at 1265 Frank! ln st.,
Oakland. • . ' j
FIRST-CLASS oyster house for sale; first-class j
loaationj on account of other business. _ I
box a. Call Office. Oakland. . „ !
15 CENT barber shop; good location; 2 revSlv-'
lng hairs; fair trade; price, $125. Apply to \
STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
JOB Printers— About $1500 will put you Into
' good business. X.. box 8, Call dfflee, , Oakld.
SHOEMAKER shop for sale; good location'; all
complete. ' 438 Turk St., corner Larkln.
•ARTNER to open dairy and produce
store"; have team and fixtures. 605 Clay st:
•SALOON and lodging house: wifl improve to
. suit, tenant. Inquire ISO Fourth Et.
CHEAP saloon, doing good business; living
rooms upstairs. Apply Call, of flee.
$100— NICE fruit store for sale, on account of
sickness; low rent. 130 Eighth st.
FOR -Sale — Cheap to-day; grocery and liquor
store. 628 Post Et. <■■. -
BUTCHER shop; on account of 111 health; good I
" . trade. 391 Sixth st '
GOOD bakery, only store trade; cash business: ;
good location: .fine chance-for baker. , For par- 1
ticulars apply this office. j
FOR Sale— A half Interest In the best 4-chalr j
• barber shop In Fresno: It must be sold at
once. Address X., box 2957, Fresno. .
A— DRUG store: Oakland; established lqca-
: tlon- unequaled opportunity:, widow left with
If upon her hands; compels sacrifice; stock
$1500 or more; flne fixtures; $1000; make offer,
••' with or without fixtures; fullest investica-
tion. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.. 460-
4C2 Eighth, st.. Oakland. '__
■FOR -sale — An exclusive branch of one of the
best bakeries In town, with an Ice cream par-
lor attached; flne trade: good living rooms;
cheap rent; must sell on account of elckness;
hooks open for Inspection; no agents. Ad-
dress box 1750, Call office. .
• LIQUOR store and wine bouse; flne central lo-
cation: will sell fixtures without stock if de-
slred; low rent. Box 1740. Call office.
■nAROAIN- $700; first-class saloon for sale;
P g£d location. C. B-. box 1751. Call office.
BONANZA for right party; old-established sa-
I ,on: good fixtures, etc. 211 Grant aye. .
A— s6oo SALOON opposite new ferry; bargain.
Address 1746. sall office.
•PwvßiriAN would like to hear of country lo-
cation: druggists and others might reply. Box
.' 184. Call office.
PAPER route for sale. Particulars at 660 How-
ard st. - ■ ' -■•-
. jioeo-CORNE'R grocery and bar in Mission;
present owner there seven years. Address
Grocery Store. 868 Folsom st.
WANTED— To buy a gent's wheel on the ln-
ftallment plan; must be cheap. Box 114, Call.
STATIONERY store of 20 'years' standing; 1
block from school. Apply Call office.
GROCERY and bar for sale, with lease; open
for Inspection. Apply northeast corner Pag»
and Octavla ets.. or CURTIN & BEALS.
Mills building; third floor. : '
FREMONT Bazaar, 1787 McAllister, nr. Baker;
opp. Fremont School; no opposition; exclu-
slve trade of large school. Inquire premises.
GAS fixtures very low; large -assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. . HUF-
SCHMIDT, 628 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office. .
COFFEE nnd tea routes supplied from GBO.
W. CASWELL & r-O.'S. 416 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
110-nOOM house; only — $2500
S-room house; new furniture 325
28-room house; clears $150......... IoOC
16-room house; easy payments 600
24-room; sunny corner; only 750
60-room; clears $300 2r"i
8-room flat; very good «W
. 40-room house; sure to clear $250 3000
f 50 other houses: 4 to 300 rooms.. ....$lOO to 6000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
A-KREDO & CO 22% GEARY 'ST..
II rooms: flne residence: Geary : st. 1 . all
new cleara $60 monthly: must 5e11....:. $ 800
14 rooms: bay-window corner; central and •
desirable; clears $100 month.... 1200
22 rooms; newly papered; good furniture;
. -$3CO cash; balance time ....:.•...........:. 600
' DO rooms; best on Ceary St.; clears. sl6o;
nothing better ever offered- ................ 2000
Several large houses to exchange for realty.'
Many others too numerous to mention. ... .
• WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
Money to loan on furniture. 2% per cen%
32 rooms; 2 corners: trade for lot ......
45 rooms: rent $75: north: of Market 1500
60-room hotel ; rent $100; corner... — ...4300
ITHMTIRE FOR SALE.' , ]
5-noOM flat, brand new furniture, for sale.
CalUlorenoons at 1711 Scott et. : - .' :
• PHYSICIANS. !
. DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1201 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
1 DWARD— Let us know If you are well. We
expect a letter. MAMMA.
TWO young ladles can ' procure good' positions
to Introduce Egry Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS., Agents. 543 Clay St. ■-,• ;
A VERY . old '■ and . respectable , firm .in Paris
(France) would like. to represent for. the pur- ;
chaseof French tissues at<a low commission
an American firm wishing to deal, directly
..with manufacturers: prime references. Ad-
dres»v M.- F. ;A. T., poste restante Place
Bourse, Paris, France. . ....'.
HAIRDRESSING with curls Is the tHlng; reg-
ular price 50c; jny price 45c'; hairdresslng only
2. .c. G..-.LEDEREU. 11l Stockton st.
SEE Lederer's Qulnonla' Hair Tonic ' exhibit
in hJs windows this w.eek; Quinonia Is a re-
markable discovery", nothing like it for the
hair: 35c bottle.' O. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
DOCTOR can hear of excellent location: mar-
rled man and Catholic preferred. Box 1758,
Call. ' '■ ' *■■••:■■■■■
DR. JULIUS ROSENSTIRN. 93* Sutter St., has
returned fro.n abroad. •
MASU MI YAK AW A, Japanese, contractor and
labor agent, 410 Kearny st.: tel. Green 19.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
Be to $1 50 per night: $150 to $B per week;
free bus and baggage to and from th» ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
ELECTRIC sealskin jackets to order, $50.
MARX'S Fur Store. 857 Market st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth st.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market st.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DKESSMAKER9.
CHILDREN'S^ dresses made and fitted at their
homes. Address P.. 387 Hayes st.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st. .
MME GOLDSTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses. $5
up: dresses made over 3 Eddy st.. rm. U-15.
EDUCATIONAL.
' MARK HOPKINS Institute of Art.— Special
lire classes have been formed for women,
every Monday, Wednesday and Friday even-
Ings. $5 per month or $16, per' term;; anti'iut
classes. $5 per month or $10 per t?rm: day]
classes 5 days per week. $10 per month or
$37 50 per term; Saturday class, $12 per term.
For further particulars apply at school DUlia- j
, ing. corner Mason and Pine sts . to J. K. |
MARTIN, Secretary. , !
A ST CELIAN choral is being formed by M.
Merigan. organist St. Dominic's; 100 voices
wanted every Wednesday evening: entrance j
i and dues first month. $1: includes thorough
vocal instruction: sight reading; blackboard
i uped; private lessons; voice piano organ. Ap-
ply 1 to 5 p. m. hall S, IC2 O'Farrell st., or
residence. 1801 Webster, mornings. ' evenings.
j HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Eook- j
keeping, business practice, shorthand, iyp- ;
Ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering: sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592; catalogue.
A.TRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
■ bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches and special course for Civil Service
examinations, etc: life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month. j
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. 8.. Fol-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way, Berkeley; writ for circular.
j ENGINEERING School civil, electrical, mln-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.: day St eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN- PER NAILI 933 Market.
I PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons 73 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, "vocal Instruc-
tiona; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
| taught: short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg..
' SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references;
! private lessons; terms $10. . 712. Van Ness are.
ELOCUTION and oratory: F. Cooke Caldwell;
18 yrs experience. Press Club bldg, 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
classes: pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Buoh.
i . 1 ■ — —
' LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage technique. 814 Geary at. j
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.^
: AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
: cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy j
L-ayments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and |
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO., !
' Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth : and
"■ Broadway. Oakland. ' v. ■ " ■■' ■' ' . y
AN -elegant Hardman piano; slightly "used;
very low price; a square for practice, $23; a
Steinway, $150; closing out several others, i
fine order, at low prices, to make room; see
'•our elegant display of- Hardmans; no better !
'pianos made. THE J. DEWING C0..- second I
floor. Flood building. - ■ , ■' ]
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. ;
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell Bt. Pianos, organs and ;
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. v ' - j
A— CHAPPELL upright, $85, mahogany: Mar-
shall & Wendell upright, $150, rosewood; Gab-
ler upright, $190, rosewood. Chickerlng agents,
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-20 O'Farrell st.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
caxh ■at almost cost price by THE ZEN O
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market Bt.; they
are making room for fresh stock.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post St.
! NEW organs rented, $1 per month ;new pianos
rented, $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTAZ
PIANO, CO., 560 Hayes st.
STEINWAY upright, 3 pedals, almost new; a
bargain. 834 Turk st. «
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Steinway. nearly
new, $150. KEEFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
GRAND bargain, fine upright cheap for cash;
must sell. Room 33, 506 Jones st.
A— s6o;- UPRIGHT; $5 lnntallments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
1 SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st. .
"AD" smallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD' upright very cheap. 16 McAllister st.,
next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ. •
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
LOST.
LOST— Sunday, September 4, a lady's gold open
face key. winding watch and fob. -Liberal
reward if returned to A. LOGIE, 639 Market
st.; or after 6p.m. to 517 Folsom st. -. ■
LOST-Sept- 4. on the comer of Eighth aye.
and Clement, a silver watch. Return to 1227
Paclflo st. and receive reward. .
LOST— and tan setter bitch: name Tril-
by. Return to 2101 California si; reward.
LOST— Small- brtndle greyhound bitch. Return
to 91 South Park liberal . reward.
Sunday, at ferry, lady's Bilk umbrella;
family remembrance; reward. 311 Seventh Bt.
LOST— St. Bernard bitch. Return to 1601 Grove
at. and receive reward. ' •
FEMALE bull terrier, all white and without
collar, answering to name of Lady Jane, Re-
ward. 1101 California st.
BAY horse, black cart, with red gear; letter
-P on bridle. Reward at 222 Dolores st.
2 PARCELS, one containing a waist and one
containing drugs. 459 Geary st.
GOLD eyeglasses. August 18. bet. Fourth and
Howard, Castro and Fifteenth sts. Reward.
3241 Mission st. ■:...-- -
— — — HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Sales Yards, 220 Valencia St.. between : Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth ; also buggies, wagons,
. h.arness, . etc., at your own' price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggiea,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
- ket -*327 SJxth: auction sales every Wednes-
► day. SULLIVAN. & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds;- 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, •• 220 Valencia st; . '.'..•;
LARGE assortment of work, draught and driv-
ing horxes.' cheap. 145 Valencia st.
: WAGONS -AND CARRIAGES."
CUSTOM made. 3-spring buggy; almost . new;
very-cheap. -4020 Twenty-third st. •
FINE laundry, bakers' and milk wagons cheap
for cash or j Installments; 1 flne top and open
. buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. > Lle-
bold Harness Co.. 211 l>arkin, opp. City Hall.'
■ ; EWIXG machines. ;-....•.
AUTOMATIC, : ■ Domestic. Singer • ' and '.■'■ Whits
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
MONTHLY, rented; repaired,; bought, sold;
, : machine supplies. \ 145 ; Sixth; phone : Mint 45. ■
ALL kinds '■: bought, . sold, ■ exchanged, . rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 20J Fourth at.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1893.
HOUSES TO LET. ;"
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St..
near Fourth; rent $12 60; ■ water free. Apply
to O. H. UMBSEN CO.;  .... ' ;: ,s :'-,:':
BETTER than vacation; clean, healthy 5-room
■ house; $8; 1 mo. free. 1571 Kearny st. '
ELEGANT house 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den. 818 McAllister ot, ; rent $36. • ■•• <•
! PINE and Hyde— Large corner house of 33
rooms .and 3 baths; very centrally located;
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
FINE Eastlake house, S rooms and bath. ' 421
Oak st.; rent $40. -■ • ■ *.•».<>;. r ;
HOUSE of 6 rooms; suitable for large family.
520% Jessie st., oft Ninth; reasonable. . ■
HOWARD, 574—6 rooms, bath; newly papered:
cheap rent. $20. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, .10
Montgomery »t. '-.'"'
PINE. 665— 4-room and bath, sunny side; cellar;
cheap. . < ■. ■ ■■..-■' -...■-.
SHOT WELL, 8068, near Twentieth— sl6; appre-
• ciated If seen; 5 furnished rooms and bath.
SUNNY convenient 6-room house; perfect con-
dition; your terms. 1321 Webster st., near
O'Farrell. . ... ■ ■ ■ ■■■■■' j
UPPER part of house 6 rooms; cheap to good
tenant. 540 Howard St.
WE can rent you a house, with or wltjiout a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. . ; * *
2754 TWENTY-THIRD, bet. Bryant and York—
6 rooms; large yard; all modern ■ imjprove-
ments; rent $16. . • • -
$11— 6-ROOM house -and bath. Laurel aye.,
near Turk and Buchanan stß. . . •
$25— 3-STORY, 7 rooms and bath. 113 Olive
aye., near corner Polk and Ellis sts.
FLATS TO LET.
a^o^latsl y_iTd~4^oms??rrrrrrrr."TT~7^m
A— 7o flats; sto 7 rooms ...: $11— $20
10 new flats (cheap) at SPECK & CO. 602
Market st. ' -
BRANNAN, 422, near Third— sunny flat
4 rooms; rent $11; water free.
EDDY, 1244, near Laguna— Sun^y flat S rooms;
bath; modern Improvements.'. ,
EIGHTEENTH, 4585. near Hattle— 4 and 5
rooms and bath; rent $12 and $13. ■.
FIFTEENTH. 2160. nr. Market— Modern sunny
flat; 5 rms., bath, basement; $16; take Castro
car; key cor. grocery. Easton. Eldridge & Co.
I FILLMORE, Elegant new decorated flat
of 6 large rooms and bath; rent $22 60. BURN-
HAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
! FLAT of 4 rooms; 2 stalls and wagon house;
! $16. 1 Isis St., near Twelfth.
FOLSOM. 951, near Sixth— Flat with 7 rooms
and bath: suitable for private and rooming.
FREELON, 24, near Fourth— A flne upper flat
3 large sunny rooms; rent $8.
FULTON, US — Fine sunny middle fiat: 7 rooms,
bath; water free; near City Hall; $23.
HARRISON. 2041. opp. Eighteenth— 2 nice sunny
flats. 3 and 4 rooms, $9 and $10.
HICKORY, 181. near Gough— 3 rooms; flne yard;
hall: rent $?. .--:•.-■■'.:
LILY aye., 420—4 rooms; newly whitened; bath
and stationary tub; yard; reduced $10. .
I MOSS. 30%, between Sixth and Seventh, off
Howard— Lower bay-window flat of 5 large
rooms; yard; basement.
i NATO MA, 714%— Flat of 4 rooms; yard and cel-
lar; sun all day; $10; no children.
NEWLY papered upper flat; 4 rooms and bath,
- $17. 609 Leavenworth st., near Geary.
1 NOB HILL flat, opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath.
$35. 720 Powell st.
i ROSE aye.. 135— Flat of 3 rooms; $10.
THIRD. 505— Flat, 4 rooms;, rent $10.
■ WE can rent you a flat with or without a
. flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$14 — TO let — Corner flat of 5 rooms and bath.
| 333S Twenty-sixth St.. near Capp.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free. -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, < com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
j kitchen and lin bedroom, with suit to match;
i ! furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
j 4or 6 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
I slon St., between First and Second sts.
! BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
I and bedroom; furnished; $6. -
' EDDY, 915 — Well-furnished ' connecting sunny
rooms: large garden; flne location; private..
i ELLIS, 622 — large'sunny rooms; separate en-
■ trance; yard, etc.; rent cheap. -.._ ■
FIFTH, — Suite ■of rooms furnished * suitable
for housekeeping; rent cheap. -, ..- . .....
■ FIRST. 305, ahove Folsom— Only $8: upper part
j . of house, S. rooms. In good order.
! FRANKLIN, 719, near Golden Gate aye.— 4 or 6
1 ■ large sunny. rooms furnished for housekeeping.
I FULTON. 733. near Webster— Front bay win-
i dow parlor and kitchen; complete housekeep-
lng; $12. , - - - - ' ' —'
! GEARY, 3S4 — or 3 sunny . front unfurnished
I rooms. $12, $15.
I JESSIE. Two nice sunny furnished house-
. keeping rooms; rent $9.
JESSIE, 476— sunny rooms, neatly furnished
for housekeeping. .
' j LEWIS, 18, oft Taylor,' near — Room and
I kitchen; furnished or unfurnished; reasonable.
I MINNA,' 546— Furnished rooms for. housekeep- !
ing. ' ;
1 : MISSION, '913%— Bay-window room, carpet and
. | chairs, $12; also furnished, $10; no children. '
1 I MISSION, Furnished housekeeping rooms
complete; gas stove. ;
' | NINTH, 20, near Market— ; sunny connecting
i rooms; hkp., stove, ■ water, gas, $11; single.
; OCTAVIA, 155— Unfurnished ; low rent for beau-
„ tiful sunny rooms; no children. _
', OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary —Parlor, bedroom,
1 kitchen, gas stove; sun all day; $18.
POLK, 1643 — i nicely furnished large, sunny
. front rooms; housekeeping; i rent $15. .
' POST, 617%— Pleasant front and back parlor
1 and kitchen, unfurnished, for housekpg; $15.
! SEVENTH; — Nicely furnished sunny house-
' keeping rooms; sun all day; yard.
' j SHIPLEY, 261—4 rooms. $6;. new house; no
■! ,- children, no dogs, no cats. • _ >'
' SIXTH, 216% — Large sunny front housekeep-
ing rooms; also single rooms; quiet home.
' ; STOCKTON, 1703— $9; 2 sunny connecting rooms
furnished complete; $7, : 1 large sunny fur- j
'nlshed housekeeping room. * '
TURK, 127 — Parlor for office; housekeeping and
- single rooms; newly furnished.
> VAN NESS. 1021— Two sunny front rooms . and
kitchen; parlor floor; gas range; piano; ref.
VALENCIA. 1027 A —Very desirable housekeep-
ing rooms furnished and ■■ unf. ; : private; ' reas.
' OAKLAND HOUSEKEJEPINQ ROOMS.
[ WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th _ Washington.
> ~/- ■ ROOMS TO LET. "
'• A— STOCKTON, 243 — First-class sunny front '
rooms; suite; single; facing plasa; day or mo.
; ARLINGTON House, Ix 7 Kearny ' st.— Pleasant
. sunny rooms, en suite and single; nrst-clasa
In every respect; terms reasonable.. .
» | _____
. SELECT home; Hotel Florence. 102 Ellis,
" cor. Powell; elevator; baths; best attention.
■ AT 52 Second— Nice single, double • and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day. 26c to 60c.
\ AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; ■ single;
by day, week or mo. bathe, running water.-.
i i BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Sunny furnished rooms; 2
| ■ blocks from Palace Hotel; every convenience;
elevator; tourists; near principal olubs.
! CLIFFORD, 204 EM*, cor. Mason— Sunny suites
and tingle rooms; prices reasonable. , ;
' DELAWARE,' 1453 Market— Furnished or un-
1 furnished single and double rms. : $8. j $10 mo.
EDDY, — Pleasant front room; • also '• others;
I .$6 up: sunny housekeeping suites cheap.
. EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cents to
I , $1 per night; $2 to $6 a week; families. ,
' ELLIS, 6J7— Nicely. furnished rooms; bath; hot
and oold water; gas;- private family; reas.
FIFTH, 309 — Large sunny ' corner., room; . run-
I nlng water: other, rooms; also housekeeping.
' GEARY, 406 (Th« Navarre)— furnished
.. , rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER,
' GEART, 604, near Jones— - furnished
, ■ suite; bath; modern flat. -S.--.". .'. " - ;
GIRARD House, 1»X Seventh, near Howard-
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
• GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c ; to
$1; week, $1 to $i; reading room; Howard oars.
I GOLDEN GATE AYE., 334, i, near City Hall-
' Handsome. • large, ■ sunny " alcove; two : adults;
other rooms; pleasant home, -* piano; private
family; reasonable. . ■?.:'-. .■.
GRAND . BOUTHERN, . SE. - cor. Seventh ' and
- Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
..single; elevator; moderate rates; families. .;,?
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
i '■ ■ rooming-house; $1' 60 to ■ $6 , per week. •« ■ ' >->--. r_. :
1 HARRISON, 914H, between: Fifth and Sixth—
; - ■ Furnished » room suitable for two. $8; also
single; private family.- .-•.--•.•- ■■;•■:• : :v-mY-:.
: HILLSDALE. St . Sixth it.— Sunny suite 'for
t ■. housekeeping: suite for t gents; reasonable
ROOMS TO LET- Conflnned.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HOWA"RD, 1757— Nice furnished back parlor
for two gentlemen; with or without board.
JESSIE, 164— Thoroughly renovated; sunny
front single and double rooms: $1 week up.
KEARNY, 326— Sunny furnished room for gen-
tleman or gentleman and wife in private
family; rent cheap. Inquire at shoe store.
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting; moderate
rates.
McALLIRTER, 408— S unfurnished rooms and
bath; rent $10.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL, 171— New management, new fur- j
nlture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and j
single rooms: bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POST 1015 A —Sunny bay-window room; modern
flat;' private family; electric lighting; tele.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR, 311 — Beautifully furnished suite or j
single; bath; piano; gentlemen preferred; ref. |
THE Piedmont, -119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
VAN NESS aye.. I'M— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, with excellent board; references.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; Flngle rooms or
suits; two kitchens for tenants fdr light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $U.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best rooming
house on water front; single 25c up; week $1
up: fine rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
$3 A MONTH: nice, clean room; please review
same at 2MO Sixteenth st.
ROOMS AND BOARD
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and. room, $1 per day and
upward: free bus to and from hotel.
BRANNAN, 444-6 (New Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 60 per week; single rooms
$1 per week^
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms, $7: also 2-room flat, $5.
BUSH, WB— Nic*ly furnished room; 2 gentle-
men; separate beds; running water; $50.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
GEARY, 227— First-class board: home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 25c.
HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family boarding
house; first-class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms: beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
HYDE, 401— Sunny alcove, hot, cold water, with
board; also single room: private; reasonable.
MINNA, 437— R00m and board from $15 up; |
gentleman preferred; home cooking.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Very' best bq,ard; pleasant I
parlor, with piano; everything entirely new.
SOUTH PARK, 159— Large sunny room for two
with board, $40; also single rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suiteß, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
RESPECTABLE German lady wishes to board
2 children; good home; terms reasonable.
524 Turk st.
WANTED— ChiId to board; lovely home. In
Fruitvale; own cow and carriage; reasonable.
X.. box 7, Call office, Oakland.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home and care; near school. 51 Clara st.
WANTED— ChiId to board; mother's care. Box
1763, Call Office.
CHILDREN or infants boarded; mother's care;
references; moderate. 234>4 Sixth st.
LADY wishes to board 1 or 2 children; ages 3
to 8 years. 9634 Franklin St.. Oakland.
STORES TO LET.
GOOD corner store, bar and 3 rooms; brick
baeement: cheap. Northeast corner of Fif-
teenth and Dolores sts.
FINE business corner, Eleventh and Mission
sts. ; rent reduced from $60 to $25.
PACIFIC. 324, near Sansome— Large handsome
store cheap to good tenant.
OFFICES TO L—-T.
FIFTH. 24 (The Waldorf)— Elegant corner suite,
Fuitnble for a doctor or dentist.
medical!
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter from what cause) ; safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fail, travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement; skillful medical attention: all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential: strong pills
and capsules, $1. MRS. DR. WYETH, 208
Turk pt., near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davtee,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
st.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V.,
obstretrics specialist, offices Hackmeler Hotel,
123 Eddy st., chronic and complicated dis-
eases cured; patients assured flrst-class
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained in all cases;
consultation free. Hours, 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before, pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
SELF-CURE can be sent for female trouble:
no matter from what cause and how long
standing; every woman her own physician;
restores always in one day; safe and sure; no
medicine or Instruments used; consultation
free; saves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1.
By the well-known ladies' physician, for 37
years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A r TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; guaranteed
cure at oNJce, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. , don't delay until too late
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.'
PRIVATE home In confinement by a flrst-class
German midwife: Infants adopted Into good
homes. 615 Turk St., near Larkin.
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot fall;
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wls.
LADIEB— Mrs. Dr. Puet*; infallible, safe rerne^
dies; 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL, 1228 Market 6t., diseases of women
and children.
dentists!
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
filates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
eeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1133.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market, bet. 3d
and 4th— Painless filling, extracting, crowning
and bridging by use of electricity; plates, $5
up; filling, 50c up: crowns and bridges. $5 up;
extracting with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent
Ist. discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., cor. Sixth.
PAINLESB EXTRACTION. BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 9«9 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR ."LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st., _ear
Eleventh, crowns, bridge work and filing a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR H. C?
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR, J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market Jt. ___^
PAINLESS filling a specialty. DRS. PERRY
& CHRTSTIE. 8 Mason at., cor. Market.
STORAGE.
PIERCE^RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 161.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse, $40 Mission St.: tsL Hint 183 L ;
„„. .:,'; /: CLAIRVOYANTS. ..
OMAR! OMAR! OMAR!
■ — : THE OCCULT WONDER. —
: — 325 EDDY ST.. 325. -■■ ' " :
MARVELOUS TESTS. ■".,."
— - FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.—
— — 'Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make : you . succeed in . love, '. busi-
. ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc.; cures
.drunkenness, I bad habits, evil influences; lo-
cates mines, burled treasures, etc.; guaran-
tees success.
■ ■ - .." . " .
— OMAR NEVER FAILS r^-1
■ — To unite the separated and ;
-— — Cause epeedy and happy marriages.
: -OMAR — —
■ -Guarantees success in all cases.
'Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence, 325 Eddy St., 325.
MRS. DR. F. : CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and ; medium; while en-
•' tranced she will reveel every hidden mystery
In life: she will show you how to overcome
■ your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections;.- unites the separated; recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail. Send stamp for cir-
.. cular . with special terms. MRS. DR. • F.
CLARK, rms 25 & . 26. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. • PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
fight; diagnoses disease; full life reading; la.
60c; gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
. preaeiSt, and future; 25c. 148 Sixth gt., room 10.
YOUR future told by cards for 25 cents. 221
Sixth st. .
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrology. 34
61xth at., room 8.
MME. EXODUS, clairvoyant, removed to 136
Sixth St.; fee 50c. a
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
. advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. RAMONDI— fortune told by
chlrography^ SI and S2. 109 Grant aye., room 2.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hua-
' hand's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell St.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium
and life reader; also medical ; clairvoyant;
treats with revealed remedies; removes can-
cer without pain; treats all diseases: private
sittings SI; by letter, $2. Office. 232 Stockton.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night; 10c. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet -se-
ance; S p. m.; 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
lttlngs daily. ZliV, Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate- writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 238 Valencia st.; read-
ings. SI: clr. Tue».: Fri.. 2 p. m.: Mon. 8: 2Sc.
I "—^*— " ■" j ■— — — — —
HYPNOTISM
S. F. College Therapeutics, 305 Larkin Bt.,
open day and eve, for patients and pupils.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. ™~
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no tees In advance.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sucess; collections. G. ■ W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
' , PROPOSALS.
PROPOSAL for Mineral 0i1— 36 New Montgom-
ery «>t., San Francisco, ■ Cal., September 6th,
. 18»8. Sealed proposals in triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m. (Pacific
standard time), October 7th. IS9B, for furnish-
ing and storing here 70,000 gallons mineral
oil, 135 degrees flash test, in cases of two
flve-gallon cans each. The United States re-
serves the right tv reject or accept any or all
proposals or any part thereof. Information
furnished on application. , Envelopes contain-
ing proposals . should be marked- "Proposals
for Mineral Oil," and addressed OSCAR F.
' LONG, Assistant Quartermaster United States
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PLANS and specifications Invited for an hos-
pital building— Clerk's office. Board ot Super-
visors, San Francisco, March S, 1545.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice Is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications fur
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 19, I&9S, between the hours of 2:30 and
3 o'clock.
The proposed building is to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction and
sanitation, equul to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
fmrposes, as are indorsed by medical author-
ly as being Indispensable in the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health, described a« follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract ot land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the City and
County of San Francisco as the "Almshoupe
Tract," and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line or said Almshousa
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south .seven hundred and
sixty-five (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
9.659 acres.
The said plans and specifications to be so
prepared that the cost of the building shall
not exceed in the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) dollars, which
sum must cover the entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
building.
NOTlCE— Architects will prepare and sub-
mit with their pluns and specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persons employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans nor specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
end specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
quired to give a good and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to Insure the
completion and construction of the said build-
ing for th« amount of the estimate of the
cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting plane and specifications
determined by the Board to be second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000. $750 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding that any features of said plans
and specifications which may be considered
useful or necessary be embodied In the plans
adopted may be used without further cost or
charge. JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS for furnishing an delivering one
hundred (100) tey less-door fire alarm toxes
for the Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, September 3, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 1570V4
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received in
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, September 12, 1898.
from 2:30 to 8 o'clock, for the furnishing: and
delivery (for use of the Fire Alarm and Po-
lice Telegraph) of one hundred (100) keyless-
door fire alarm boxes, complete with all ap-
paratus and connections, In accordance with
specifications on file in the office of the Su-
perintendent of the Fire Alarm and PcHce
Telegraph, at No. 17 Bre^iam place.
The said fire alarm boxes to be constructed
to the satisfaction of and to be approved by
the Superintendent of the Fire Alarm and Po-
lice Telegraph and the Committee on Fire
Department of the Board of Supervisors.
Bidders will estimate and state a r e for
which they will furnish and deliver ,c said
boxes, complete in every particular, and rendy
for use, to the Superintendent of the Fire
Alarm and Police Telegraph, within ninety
days from date of contract.
For any further information required, bid-
ders will apply to the Superintendent of the
Fire Alarm and Police Telegraph.
Bidders will be required to furnish a sample
of thetr respective fire alarm boxes.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this and a former notice in three
daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate the award the Board has resolved to re-
ceive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of one thousand ($1000) dol-
lars deposited by the bidder with and made
payable to the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors conditioned if the proposal be ac-
cepted and the contract awarded; and if the
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the printing
charges execute the contract and give the re-
QUlrr-d bond within six days after the award
le made then and in that case the Said sum
shall be paid Into the City and County Treas-
ury by said Clerk ne liquidated damages for
such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
di JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
By H. C. FARQUHARSON. Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS— SeaIed bids will be received at
the office of the Registrar of Voters, City
Hall, for the printing of the precinct regis-
ters to be used at the election to be held
November S, ISHS. All bids will be opened by
the Board of Election Commissioners In open
session on Thursday, September 8. ISM. at
11:30 a. m. Each bid must be accompanied
by a certified check, payable to the order of
the chairman of the Board of Election Com-
missioners for the sum of five thousand
(J5OO0) dollars. The board reserve* the right
to reject any and all bids.
W. J. BIQGY. Registrar at Voters.
C^TY^JREALESTATB^
$500— sale or exchange ; forty acres good
hill land 25 miles from the city. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market Bt.
4-ROOM cottage; bath; new; big lot; for sale
cheap. Apply 47 Chapultepec st. ■. .
FINE new cottage. 4 rooms and bath; lot 26x
80: easy terms; $1400. GEORGE W. H. PAT-
TERSON. 1709 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
26 ■ ACRES creek '• land in.' Coos C 0..: Oregon;
partly improved; cheap; title perfect. Ad-
dress f.15 Sacramento st." ' ■ •
OAKLAND ADVpTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400— A MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property; fine, largk.
lot; best buy in Oakland; Galindo Tract,
Enst Oakland; a charming view and grand
elevation; city, water and sewer; Peralta aye.
and Beimont st; price $1400.
$125— Grand building: lots; 35x114; $10 cash;
monthly. payments to suit.
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh Bt., corner Broadway. Oak-
land: carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner. .
BELOW cost; modern new 7-room cottage, opp.
school. In Elmhurst: large lot; small amount
down: offer wanted. T. B. DRAPER, 2068
Eagle aye., Alameda, ,
J. CALLAGHAN, ' real estate dealer; notary
"public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
A WEEK'S newa for 5 centß— The Weekly
-Call.: ln wrapper, for mailing. . , <■„:■'
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING. T
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
CHATMAN. 80S 27th St.. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
F^NITURE^G^oT^^^h^pTnHTs^HELI^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. Bee him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME. FIRST SEZ'.VBD.
. UST LIKE PAYING RENT.
W2OO, $1700, $1800. $2200, $2600. $3000. .
The above are lovely, cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools i
and stations.
We are going to weed them out. and invite
! Inspection. MARCUSE 4 REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st..
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holiday
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for ma"'ng. .
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ALT A PUNTA Tract again on the market:
prices reduced: on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots - and by acreage;
look at this. Map at G. W. HAIGHT, 220
Sansome st., S. F. • •
FINE home near the hills; large house; lot
120x135; corner; beautiful view; muet be sold
at once; a snap. JOS. J. MASON, Berkeley
Station.
ORDERED by the bank to sell; house of 5
rooms, in thorough good condition; large lot;
street work all done; cement walks;, near
Dwlght way station; a first-class chance for
a bargain. J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke-
ley Station. '"• . ■ ■'• v •
BIG bargain, $1300— Fine house, 4 rooms, bath;
city water; lot 60x135; 1 block from Berry-
man Station; choice location: forced sale to
close estate; title clear. . WARREN CHE-
NEY. opposite station. Berkefey.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAK. 1017 to m 23 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.: tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no commis-
sion; lowest Interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell . St.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. I.
COLONIAL Inv. Co. — Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country: furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates; city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests' in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
*50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2<J mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. SYLV
VAIN' SALOMON, broker, 32S Montgomery st.
• : BICYCLES. ~
I WILL sell 16 new 1597 high-grade bicycles
(Eold in 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
. of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE. 1 Twentieth and Folsom ata.
LADIES' elegant drop-frame wheel. 3799
. Twentieth, at., cor. Dolorea; call 1 to 5.
LEGAL OTIC ~
REFEREE'S sale iv partition— ' the Superior
Court o£ the City and County of San Fran-
' cisco, State o£ California. Department No. L
THOMAS F. DUNN. Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
Notice is hereby given ' that under and in
pursuance of the interlocutory decree :in par-
tition and order of sale heretofore, duly mads
and given in the above-entitled court and
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, 1898, duly entered of record therein
by which said interlocutory decree of said
court, the undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was
, appointed by consent in open court of all the
parties to said action, as sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of 'making sale of the
real property hereinafter described, and by
which eaid decree it was directed - that - said
- real property be sold at: public auction in the
manner required by law, the undersigned as
' ' euch referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
of September, 1898, at the hour of twelve (12)
o'clock m., at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen Co.. at No. 14
■ Montgomery street, in the City and County of
Ban Francisco, State of ; California, sell : at '
public auction in separate parcels to the
highest bidder for cash in United States gold |
' coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su-
• perior Court, those certain Jota, pieces or par-
cels of real property situate, • lylnjr and being
'■ in said City and County of San Francisco
State of California, and bounded and de-
scribed as follows, to wit: . ■ v
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet . northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
Ing on Minna • street - - twenty-fly ■ (25) feet
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
. (80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (80) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
I lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur-
v ey, as laid down on the official map of the
. City and County of San Francisco, and being
' a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second— Commencing at • a point formed by
. the intersection of the southerly line of Pag»
street with the westerly line of Octavla street
running thence southerly • along said lin» of ;
Octavla street forty (40) feet, , thence at right i
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths :
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly I
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly '
eighty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to '<
the point of commencement, being a part of !
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212). „ ; .
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
,-: ; two hundred and seventeen -- (217) feet sou '
"•• westerly from the northwesterly ■ corner of
'Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
i mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), runnln"
* thence northerly at right angles with Minna
. street and along the t easterly line of New '
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, -thence
: at right angles easterly , and parallel with
Minna street •- fifty-nine and six-twelfths ;
(69 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel ■ with ; New ,-. Montgomery street
i eighty . (SO) feet to ; the northwesterly ; line of
Minna street, and thence at right - angles
; westerly along r the northwesterly line of I
' Minna .: street s flfty-nlne and ■ six-twelfths !
. (69 6-12) feet : to the ; point of ; commencement
" being ; a 'subdivision- of the ; one hundred vara
lot number eight . (8). •
- Fourth— Commencing . at • the north weat cor-
': rer of Sanchez , and ; Duncan streets.- rtinnlne
thence westerly .« along ■ the . northerly line of ',
Duncan street eighty fSO) feet, :> thence north- !
trly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (80)
: feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
r ' : the westerly line of Sanchez- street ! one • him- ;
dred and •■, fourteen f (114) ■-; feet -to Duncan
' 7 gtreet, • the ■ point ■of ; commencement. ' together
- with ■ the Improvements ' thereon. ;v- : .- ,•• •
■ ' Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price, to be paid to the '
referee on' each .parcel sold :at ■.„ the \ time of
' ' sale. • Balance of purchase . price upon j con- '
' fimiation nf ■ sale ,by., said . Superior Court aod !
■•'. delivery * of ; deed. ' ' .-. : . ■ ■  • o . - •.. . ■
■ •-, Dated this 19th day of August. IS9B. '--:
■ ■-■ -,-.■--.■.. •.■•■■•.•.■■-.-.: •:..-■■ O. H. UMBSEN. ■■-.
: Eole Referee ; Appointed by Said Superior
.. Court. •■ ■■■'■ : — --■--.■ ■■■-'..- . ■"■ i' -•.•.•■•.-.■,
-v . PINKKLSPBTL ; A GEBFORD,
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. 806 Claua fipraok- '
•la Building, San Francisco. ' ■■■"■■.'•■.. >'■■ ,
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WILL exchange 3-flat house, valued $6600, for
more valuable property in Western Addition
or south of Market st. : will pay to boot. Ad-
dress box 1762, Call Office.
WANTED— Stock of groceries and fixtures In
exchange for Stockton or city, Roseburg, Or.,
property. Write FRANK PRAHSER, Stock-
ton, Cal.
100 ACRES land, adjoining town of Delano,
Kern Co., clear, to exchange for house and
lot In Alameia or Oakland. O. 8., box 8,
Call office, Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Modern house; 8 rooms; Western
Addition; purchaser will give half cash, half
country property. Address box 1139, Call.
ORCHARD or small ranch on railroad, near
city, cheap. Box 87, Call office.
TO LEASE.
BARN and large yard for stable or warehouse
at 2128 Market st. Apply MRS. WERT-
HEIMER, 519 Van Ness aye!
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They nust b«
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BERNSTEIN— In this city. September 5, IS9B,
to the wife of Max Bernstein, a son.
CHARMAK— In this city. August 26, IS9B, to
the wife of Charles Charmak, a son.
SCHWARTZ— In this city, August 28. IS9S, to
the wife of A. Schwartz, a son.
WEBB— In this city, August 22. IS9B, to the
wife of Piiiney M. Webh. a daughter.
.MARRIED.
GOLDMAN-ROPENCRANTZ— In this city, Au-
gust 28, 1898. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, M.
A. Goldman and Lizzie Rosencrantz.
ROHDE— CORDES— In 'BerkeIey, September L
1898. by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Ernest Rohde
and Christiana Cordes.
ROLIDE— CORDES— In Berkeley, September 1,
1898. Ernest Rollde and Christiane Cordes.
DIED.
Bose, Gertrude M^Nlcho!. Joseph
Cleveland. James E. Marks. John G.
Code, Candata F. Magulre. Jan©
Eastman, Charles H. Ough, Jessie
Flaherty. Simon Pruefer, Emil
Foster. William B. Rennie, John
Gannon, Mrs. E. Riley. Michael J.
Goldwater, Sam Russell, Mary B.
Hall. Dr. Samuel H. Sarah. Harriet
Herzog. Velentine Spaulding, Rebeccf
Kearce, Patrick Sullivan. Daniel J.
Klunder, John Trautwein, John F.
McAullffe, Mary A. Walker, Joseph
BOSE— In this city, September 5, 1898, Ger-
trude, dearly beloved daughter of August
and Mariana Bose, and sister of William,
Agnes and Helcne Bose, a native of San
Francisco, aged S months and 27 days.
C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 100 A West Mission street, cor-
ner of Hermann, thence to St. Boniface
Church. Golden Gate avenue, between Jones
and Leavenworth streets, at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLEVELAND— In the City arid County Hospf-
tal, September 5, IS9S, Jatnea Elmor Cleve-
land, a native of California, aged 1 month
and 28 days.
CODE— In this city, September 4, 1898, Can-
data F., beloved wife of William F. ana
mother of Candata F. Code, daughter of
Frank and Hermia Patterson, sister of Til-
lle, Tony, Amando and Camelia Patterson",
and granddaughter of Amedo and Concepclon
Bolcoff, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
years and 2 months.
C7*Frlpnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 1534 Fifteenth avenue South, be-
tween P and O, thence to All-Hallows"
Church for services. Interment, Holy Cross
Cemetery.
EASTMAN —In East Oakland. September 5,
I>SR. Charles Henry Eastman, a native •of
New Hampshire, aged 74 years 10 months and
26 days.
FLAHERTT— In this city. September .5, 1898,
Simon, dearly beloved husband of Mary Fla-
herty, beloved father of Bernhard and May
Flaherty, and brother of Bemhard Flaherty,
a native of Ireland, aged 48 years 1 month
and 16 days.
FOSTER— In Alameda. September 3, 1898. Wil-
liam B. Foster, beloved husband of Carrl«
Foster. 1410 Bay street, a native of Harris-
burg, Pa., aged 35 years 1 month and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
Alameda, Cal., unri>r the auspices of Oak
Grove Lodge No. 21">, F. and A. M. In-
terment, Mountain View Cemetery.
GANNON— There will be a month's mind re-
quiem high mass celebrated at St. Patrick's
Church, this day (Tuesday), at 8 o'clock,
for the repose of the soul of the late
Mrs. Elizabeth Gannon, beloved wife of
Michael Gannon, and mother of Maggie,
Thomas, Joseph • and Christina Gannon and
Mrs. Piquerez and Mrs. Withers, and sister of
Thomas and Mary Kearney, Mrs. Cunane and
the late Mrs. Maggie Lassalle. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully invited to at-
tend.
GOLDWATER— In Prescott, Ariz., Sam, be-
loved son of Michael and Sarah Goldwater.
and brother of Mrs. P. N. Aronson and Mips
Lizzie Goldwnter of San Francisco, Mrs.
Ralph Prager of Portland, and Morris, Henry
and Barry Goldwater of Arizona, a native of
California, aged 42 years and 2 months.
ty Notice of funeral hereafter.
HALL— In this city, September 3, 1898, Dr.
Samuel H.. beloved husband of Mary F. Hall,
and father of Mrs. Frank Riser. Mrs. J. E.
Stewart. Mrs. Asa Wells. Pr. S. S. Hall and
Aura Lee Hall, a native of England. A mem-
ber of Burns' Lodge No. 6S, A. O. U. W., and
California Castle No. 1. Knights of the Gold-
en Eagle.
IDPFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at J o'clock, from Alcazar
Hall, 114 O'Farrell street.
HERZOG— In the City and County Hospital,
September 4, 1898, Valentine Herzog, a na-
t've of Switzerland, aged 44 years.
KKARCE— In this city. September 4, 189S, at
his late residence, 514 Noe street, Patrick
Kearce, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years 8
months and 8 days. (Washington, D. C,
papers please copy).
C?-Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend a solemn requiem high mass to be cele-
brated for the repc.se of his soul at St. Charles
IS rrompo Church, corner of Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, at 9:30 o'clock, this day
(Tuesday). Interment, private. Please omit
flowers.
XI'NDER- In this oity. September 5. 1898,
John beloved husband of the late Catherine
Klunder, and father of Mrs. James Snow
and Emma and John F. Klunder, a native
of Germany, aged 62 years 2 months and 12
days.
(Ev r Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McAULIFFE— In this city. September 5, IS9S,
Mary Agnes, eldest and dearly beloved dar :h-
ter of Honora and the late Timothy McAu-
llffe, and dearly beloved sister of James F.,
Joseph, Dents, Eugene and the late John and
Katie T. McAullffe, aged 23 years.
M<-NI»""HOL— In this oity. September 4. IS9S,
Joseph, dearly beloved brother of Frank Mc-
Xichol of Philadelphia, Pa., a native of
County Derry, Ireland, aged 24 years.
MARKS— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 5, 1898. John George Marks, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged H years.
MAGUIRE— In this city. September 5, IS9S,
Jane Maguire, a native of Ireland, aged 58
years.
OUGH— In this city, September 1, 1898, Jessl*
Ough, aged 8 years and 17 days.
PRUEFER— In this city. September 3, 1898,
Emii, beloved husband of Emma Pruefer. and
father of Elsa Pruefer, a native of Germany,
aged 35 years 9 months and S days. A mem-
ber of Musicians' Protective t.'nlon and Court
Huburtus No. 15, F. of A.
[CTFriends and aonuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor" Dierks & Co., 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
RENNIE— In the City and County Hospital.
S.j tember 5, IS9S, John Rennie, a native of
Scotland, aged 50 years.
RILEY— In this city, September 5, 1898, Mich-
ael J., beloved husband of the late Ellen
Rlley and beloved father of John W. and
Josephine Riley, Mrs. C. A. Rabjohn, Mrs.
W Buick, Mrs. E. H. Thomas, Mrs. A. C.
Koelzer and Mrs. M. Shea, a native of Ire-
land, aped CO years.
(TT'Notlce of funeral hereafter.
RUSSELL— A solemn requiem month's mind
mass will be celebrated for the repose of the-
soul of the late mother Man' Baptist Rus-
fpU this day (Tuesday), at the chapel of St.
Mary's Hospital, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
SARAH— In this city, September '4, IS9S, Har-
riet, dearly beloved wife of John Sarah, and,
mother of Lizzie Johnson. Sam de Wit-
trick and John Webster, a native of England,
aged 56 years •
SPAULDING— In this city. September 4, 1898,
Rebecca, beloved wife of John Spauldlng. a
native of Ohio, aged G3 years and 11 months.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. W. H. Crim, 2C26 How-
ard street. Interment private.
SULLIVAN— In this olty. September 4, ISOS,
Daniel Joseph, beloved son of Harry and
Mary Sullivan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 1 month and 14 days.
TRAUTWEIN— In this city. September 4. 1898.
John Fred, dearly beloved and only son of
Phillip j. and Rosa Trautwein. and brother
of Rosa F. and Johanna M. Trautwein. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 months and 28
days. ,
WALKER —In this city, September 5, 1898,
Joseph Walker, a native of Gurtnellen, Can-
ton Uri, Switzerland, aged 32 years 4 months
and 20 days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERaj
H> FITTH ST., opp. Lincoln School.
. Telephone, South 80. I
1112
DRAWN FROM A
SLOUGH BY AID
OF A RIATA
Thos. Grant Saved by
Officer McKenna.
HE TRIED TO END HIS LIFE
STABBED HIMSELF AND JUMPED
INTO ISLAIS CREEK.
Was Despondent Over Business Re
verses — He Will Be Examined
by the Insanity Com
missioners.
Driven temporarily insane by despond
ency and the excessive use of stimulants,
Thomas Grant made a desperate attempt
yesterday afternoon to commit suicide.
He stabbed himself and then jumped into
Islais Creek to make doubly sure of the
Job.
Mounted Policeman P. McKenna /was
notified about 1 o'clock that a man had
jumped Into Islais Creek. South San
Francisco. When McKenna reached the
place indicated he found Grant flounder
ing in the mud. Grant refused to come i
ashore, and McKenna did not relish the
idea of wading In the mud • after him. I
He hit upon the scheme of lassoing him,
and after several attempts, made Inef
fectual by Grant's dodging, he succeed
ed In getting the riata over his shoul
ders and dragging him ashore.
• Grant was sent to the Receiving Hos
pital in the patrol wagon, and when his
muddy clothes were removed it was
found that he had stabbed himself sev- |
eral times with a penknife. There were
two deep cuts over the heart, but not
of sufficient depth to cause serious in- ■
Jury. There were also a number of small
er cuts in the region of the heart, in the
abdomen and on the neck.
After his wounds were dressed Grant
was taken to the insane ward of the hos- I
pital, as it was apparent that his mind !
was deranged. He declared that he was
tired of life, and would t; 're the first op
portunity of bringing it to a close.
Grant is about 50 years of age. He was
born in Aberdeen, Scotland, coming to
this country with his parents when a
boy. He is a newspaper man, and until i
about two weeks ago was editor of the i
California Architect and Building News.
Since then he has been on a debauch,
wandering around without any settled
Idea. " 1
"I had trouble with the other fellow
on the paper," he said in speaking of
severing his connection with the Build
ing News. "He tried to get control and
so did I, but he beat me and I had to ]
quit. I have no home and no friends, I
and what is the use of living? My wife !
left me about fifteen years ago and I do
not know where she is. I was once a de
cent man, but whisky has been too much
for me, and it has lost me all the friends
I once had. I had been in the creek
about two hours before the policeman !
dragged me out. I wish he had let me i
alone."
Grant will be taken before the Insanity !
Commissioners this morning, and it is
probable that he will be sent to some
asylum for a time.
DRAGGED TO PRISON.
An Indignity Offered a Respectable
Citizen by a Deputy Pound-
Keeper.
'i ap overbearing actions of another
deputy poundkoop^r will be called to the
attention of Judge Mogan this morning,
and several citizens will testify against
him.
"W. J. Foster, a barber at 11215 Market
street, owns three fox terrier pups, and
yesterday afternoon he was playing w|th
them in front of his shop when William
Robling. a deputy poundkeeper, lassoed
the pups. Foster objected, and taking
hold of the net, released the pups and
threw them into his shop.
Robling and another deputy seized
Foster. Rot. ling in the presence of a
number of people produced a pair of hand
cuffs and fastened them on Foster's
wrist. He was then driven in the pound
wagon to the City Prison, where a charge
of interfering with an officer was booked
against him by Robling. He was released
shortly after on $20 cash bail.
Foster attributes the enmity of the
deputies to him from the fact that about
a month ago he swore out a warrant for
the arrest of one of their number for
using vulgar language toward him in the
presence of several ladles. The warrant
was a "John Doe" one, as he did not
know the name of the deputy, but he has
learned that Tyrrell, who was so heavily
fined by Judge Mogan Saturday for a
similar offense, was the man.
Looking for an Heiress.
Chief Lees yesterday received a letter
from Yankton, South Dakota, asking him
to locate Ella Evenson, a young woman
who left her home there about two years
ago and came to this city. She was last
heard of performing" In a variety theater
In Tacoma. She has been left valuable
property.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IryThiF
AND
FALLING HAIR
The purest, sweetest, and most eff ectivd
treatment is warm shampoos with
followed hylightdressings with Cuticura,
purest of emollient Bkin cures. This treat-
ment will clear the scalp and hair of
crusts, scales, and dandruff, allay itching,
soothe irritation, heal eruptions, destroy
microscopic insects which feed ou the
hair, stimulate the hair follicles and sup-
ply the roots with nourishment and en-
ergy, thus producing a clean, wholesome
scalp, with luxuriant, lustrous hair.
Bad Scalp Humor Cured
I had a bad scalp humor, and thought 1
would po frantic with itching. I lost consid-
erable of my hair (of which I had an abun-
dance, and was very proud). 1 tried several
remedies but they all proved a failure I tried
CimcußA Soap, found relief immediately,
and that-itching is completely pone.
Mrs. M. JUDAN.
Feb. 20. 1893. 246 Halliday St., Jersey City.
Falling Hair Restored
I was troubled with dandruff so that it made
my hair/all out so bad I got . discouraged I
purchased a box of Cuticura (ointment) and
a cake of Cdticuka Soap. The former 1
rubbed well into the scalp twice a week, and
thenshampooea with warm .water and a good
lather of Cuticitra : Soap; once a week. I
am pleased to say that my hair Js growing;
out thick once more, and free from daudruff.
' V Miss ADA JAYES, .
Feb. 20, '98. 82 Webster Aye., Chelsea, Mass.
Bold thronr hot* the world. Poms DB-OA;pCniM.
Cosr.. Bole Prop*.. Botton. ••-.■-.. -■'■- - .
', 9T- ■AH About the bcalp tnd 3*lr,» anlled <*•«.
LABOR DAY WAS FITTINGLY OBSERVED
A Happy Picnic of Toil
ers at Shell Mound
Park.
Addresses by Prominent Labor
Leaders and Games for
Old and Young.
THE Joint celebration of Labor day
by the San Francisco Coun
cil and the Building Trades Coun
cil at Shell Mound Park yesterday
proved a groat success. Many hun
dreds of families, armed with well
filled luncheon baskets, took the early
mornlng trains for the park, prepared
to spend a pleasant holiday. Every
one who joined in the celebration re
turned home in the evening feeling the
benefits of an enjoyable outing.
The day was a perfect one, and there
was not a hitch in the carving out of
the programme arranged by the fol
lowing committees:
Committee of Arrangements— J. McCart
ney, chairman: J. E. McDougald, treas
urer: Ed U-senberg, secretary: C Hussey,
W II Woadd, M. Davis, C. H. Johnson,
V\\ Maearthur. H. M. BeRRS, J. Hill. Ed
1,. C'lapp, G. Kamena, W. C. Rl<;omneld.
Floor Committee— E. I>. Malsbary, floor
manager; G. Kamena, assistant Boor man
ager: C. W. Doyle, J. Leary. G. Engler, J.
F. Mr-Aullffe. James Mcl>ermott.
Reception Committee— P. H. McCarthy,
J E MeDougald. W. C. Woomfleld, Ed L..
Clapp, J. J. Fox. P. Li. Ilobblns, W. M.
Pape M. Davis, C. Hussey, J. W. Rose, J.
Walters. "VV. H. W'oodd, J. McCartney, W.
O'DonneU.
Games Committee— H. M. Bei?Kß, W. H.
Woodd. J. E. McDougald, J. McCartney,
J. F. McAullfTe.
Finance and Gate Committee— J. Hill, M.
A NEW LINE
ACROSS THE
CONTINENT
Possible Valley Road
Connection.
IT MAY BE THE SALT LAKE
JjOS ANGELES SPOKEN OF AS A
POINT OF CONTACT.
The Ne-w Corporation Already
Formed Expects to File Its
Papers in a Few
"Weeks.
The reticence that enveloped the office |
of the San Franci sen and San Joaquln [
Railway has been dispelled, and now the !
Mnvials of that road are willing to ac
knowledge that a private corporation
which will build the road over the moun
tains and connect with an Eastern line
Is in process of formation.
Robert Watt, the first vice president of !
the Valley road, said yesterday: "Yes, in J
a few weeks we hope to see the forma
tion of a company which will be composed |
of local capitalists with the purpose of j
constructing a line from Bakersfield to j
some point connecting with a railroad j
which will enable us to have a transcon
tinental continuance. This project seems i
to be the logical outcome of the buildin? ;
of the Valley road. Whether the Eastern ;
connections will be the Santa Fe line or •
not, I am not ready to say. There is a I
strong likelihood that it will be some j
other line. The Salt Lake line whicli ',
runs from Salt Lake City to Pioche it, ■
distant from Los Angeles about *00 miles, j
This road may be continued, as in all j
probability it will, so that a. junction may
be made with it by the Valley road at k
Los Angelfß.
"The new corporation formed for the j
purpose of building this road over the j
mountains will be composed entirely of j
local capitalists, some of whom have |
large interests in the Valley road. The j
expense of construction of a line over
the pass will amount to at least $4,000,
000; what it would be to Los Angeles L
cannot say. The new corporation will !
not make use of the survey of the Santa
Fe road, but will send its corps of sur
veyors out aa coon as the plans are ma
tured. The construction of this road will
be very expensive on account of the nat
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1898.
Davis, C. Hussey, W. M. Beggs, Ed Rosen
berp, W. H. Woodd.
The forenoon and early hours of the
afternoon were devoted to dancing and
tasting of tlie good things In the picnic
baskets. The children romped over the
park, enjoyed themselves on the
swings, took a ride on the merry-go
rour.d and feasted on popcorn. The
literary exorcises were held in the
dancing pavilion in the afternoon. J.
Hill of the Pattern-makers" Union,
president of the day. was to have
made the opening address. He was
called East a few days ago, and John
McCartney, chairman of the commit
tee of arrangements, acted in bis
stead. McCartney, in a few eulogistic
remarks, introduced J. E. McDougald
of the Marble-cutters' Union, who
spoke at considerable length of Labor
day and its celebration. He reviewed
the history of the Labor day move
ment from the first cerebration hold in
New York by the labor organizations
on September 5, ISS2, up to r years
ago, when Congress passed . bill de
claring Labor day a Federal holiday.
McDougald said that Labor day stood
next to the Fourth of July as a na
tional holiday.
"Tlie organization of labor." said he
in conclusion, "is more important than
any other issue now before the pub
lic By organization labor will receive
the full fruits of the wageworker.
Let us work in harmony; each for all
and all for each. Then poverty and
ural difficulties which will stand in the
way of the builders.
"The Santa Fe officials have been ap
proached by our people several tirm'S, but
we cou'.d not induce them to act. Finally
men of capital came together and they re
solved to build the road, and unless so.ne
hitch intervenes everything will be in a
fair way toward the consummation of the
plans for the connecting link of another
transcontinental pystem.
"The Santa Fe is not the only line with
which we may iorm a. junction. From
Salt Lake there is a road in process cf
construction with a terminus at Pioohe,
Nov. I have every reason to believe that
this road will he extended to Loa An
geles if we build a line over the pass to
that city. We may make connections
with both the Santa Fe and the Salt Lake
line. Parties representing the Salt Lake
Railroad Company have come to us and
Signified their willingness to make a junc
tion with t*he Valley road at Los Angeles
if we would build a road over the pass."
The new corporation which will apply
to the Secretary of State for a charter
will ank for a franchise to Los Angeles.
The significance of this is that the Santa
Fe may not be the line with which the
Eastern connections will be made. At
any rate it gives the Valley road an op
tion of one or two Eastern connections
or both, for there is hardly a doubt but
that the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railway may form a junction with
the Santa Fe if it so wishes. A dissatis
faction has been expressed by the Santa
Fe officials concerning their relations with
the Southern Pacific, and It is thought
that the former company will accept the
terms of the Valley road only too will
ingly. But the strongest probability in
regard to Eastern connections looks
toward the junction of the Salt Lake line,
which is a partYf the Oregon Short Line
system. At Salt Lake City it joins the
Union Pacific.
THE BURGLAR IDENTIFIED
Gus Winters, alias Gus Miller,
Booked on Two Charges, Is an
Ex-Convict.
Gus Winters, the desperado who was
arrested Sunday night by Detectives
Ryan and Dinan, was identified yesterday
by S. Abrahams and G. Gluckfield, sec
ond hand dealers, as a man who tried to
sell them a quantity of carpenters' tools
which were stolen from the building at
Third and Stevenson streets a week ago.
The carpenters later identified the tools
as their property, and two charges of
burglary were booked against Winters.
Winters was recognized by Detective
Bainbrldge, as Gus. Miller who was sent
to Folsom from Santa Clara County in
June, 1896. for burglary. He was released
from the penitentiary in February last.
The detectives expect to lodge more
charges against him.
» ♦ ■
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush, Larkln sts. : swimming, Russian, hot &
cold tub baths; salt water direct from ocean.
Accidentally Asphyxiated.
Charles Reed, a laborer at the Presidio,
was found dead in bed yesterday in his
room at 2221 Greenwich street. The stop
cock of the gas fixtures was loose and
was partly turned on. Reed had been
drinking heavily for several days, and it
is supposed that he turned the stopcock
on carelessly after having extinguished
the liame. An inquest will be held. The
deceased was a native of England, 40
years old.
■ » ir.
Bis crowds daily tasting our delicious 6c
wines. Mohna & Kattenbach, 29 Market.
misery will disappear and we will be
a happy and enlightened people. The
only remedy for hard times and de
pression Is organization."
After a selection of popular and na
tional airs was rendered by the band,
W. Maesirthur, of the Sailors' Union
of the Pacific, was Introduced. He
salil that If the wagearners had more
Labor days, so that they might have
time to think for themselves, all class
es of people would be better off; that
the laboring classes were fast losing
their hereditary right of freedom and
that they were gradually subsiding
into a slavery that varien little from
the chattel slavery of early days. In
concluding. Maoarthur urged his hear
ers to advance labor by organizing and
by patronizing only union concerns.
The celebrants then marched to the
track where the races were run, the
winners being ns follows:
Boys' race (under 15)— First. Michael Mc-
DonouKh; second, Frank Frace.
Girls' race (under 15) — First, Maggie
Moore; second, Reta Gordon.
Young ladies' ra.ce— First. Evelina Moore;
second, Annie Roach; third, Julia Lotts.
Young men's race — First, C. McFadden;
second. C. Grant; third. George Baker.
Fat women's race— First. Mrs. J. C. Sulli
van; second, Mrs. R. Sullivan; third, C.
McFadden.
Fat men's race — First, Martin Kerrey;
second, P. R. AVard; third, G. Hau?man.
Married women's race — First, Mrs. Pal
mer; Becond, Mrs. Caldwell: third, Mrs.
Kinney; fourth, Mrs. R. Murray.
THE EIGHTH
CALIFORNIA
IS TO MOVE
Four Companies to Go
to Fort Vancouver.
ASSIGNMENT OF THE OTHERS
MUSTERING OUT OF THE SIXTH
AND SEVENTH.
Quite a Number of Men of These
Organizations Want to Be
Transferred to Other
Regiments.
A dispatch was received at military
headquarters yesterday from the War
Department designating four companies
of the Eighth California Regiment
for garrison duty at Fort Vancouver,
Washington. Assistant Adjutant Gen
eral Field at once wired the department
asking that the number of companies for
Vancouver be Increased to six, as it would
be inconvenient to properly assign eight
companies for duty In and around San
Francisco. An answer Is expected to
day, and in all probability the request
will be granted. Colonel Henshaw and
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington will go
to Vancouver with the battalion assigned
to that post. In the event that six com
panies are sent to Vancouver, the other
six will be assigned as follows: One to
Alcatraz. two to Benicia, and three to
Fort Point.
The mustering out of the Sixth and
Seventh California regiments, which task
Is in the hands of Captains Pratt and
Danes, will require considerable labor
and time. The men are to be granted
a furlough of thirty days after their ar
rival at the State rendezvous, and they
must report fit the expiration of their
furlough, unless they have a physician's
certificate of sickness; otherwise they
will be considered as deserters. During
the period of furlough the records must
be inspected and corrected, property in
spected and transt — ed, property returns
compared, c*»rtifica.ies of non-indebted
ness made out, return of absentees re
ported, and all mustering out returns and
papers prepared, and August pay rolls
made out and sent to the department
paymaster to pay.
The companies of the Sixth now doing
duty at Benicia, Alcatraz and Santa Cruz
have been ordered here, and Will arrive
on Thursday. They will Join tiie bat-j
Married men's race— First, W. Brandon;
second, Charles Doyle; third, J. Cashman;
fourth, A. Hanley.
Pack race — First, George Poison; second,
Charles Cole.
Three-legged race — Oakley Arnold, Com
pany M, Eighth California and David
Crockett, Company L, Tennessee Regiment
Volunteers.
After the running races, the young
folks returned to the dance pavilion,
while their elders sat under the shade
trees and talked of the better days
they felt were coming.
tallon now at Fort Point and go Into
camp there preparatory to being mus
tered out. General Miller stated yester
day that he thought that it would take
about two weeks, perhaps less, for the
mustering officers to prepare everything,
and that then the Seventh would go to
Los Angeles, and the Sixth to Stockton
for the final steps connected with leav
ing the service. The Sixth does not like
the idea of going to Stockton, as the offi
cers declare that the armory there Is
only large enough for two companies,
so that General Miller Is Inclined to
think that It will remain here and be
mustered out. as Major Field, assistant
adjutant general, has telegraphed to
Washington asking for that permission.
Orders have been issued for the Eighth
to come over to Camp Merriam on Thurs
day.
SIXTH WASHINGTON.
Complaint That the Men Desir-
ing to Go Home Are Denied
the s Right of Petition.
The following letter was addressed to
The Call by a member of the Sixth Wash
ington Volunteers complaining that the
men were not allowed to circulate a peti
tion asking to be mustered out of the
service:
PRESIDIO, September 3.
To the Editor of The Call: The efforts of
The Call on behalf of the volunteer troops In
this city are fully appreciated by the majority
of the rank and file of the Washington regi
ment.
We are not disposed to be childish in our
endeavors to get back home, yet we think that
the Government should recognize that we are
men of affairs and that our need to be at our
homes and business is second only to that of
the country for our services, and we think that
we have a right to expect to be dealt with
now, as the war Is over, in the same spirit in
which we came forth in response to the Na
tion's call.
While we have some of the irresponsible ele
ment, as all regiments seem to have, our men
In the main are full-grown American citizens
and responsible members of the communities
from which they came, but are here treated
as convicts sent up for two years for being
unable to take care of themselves, and are
even denied that sacred right of petition, as
can be attested by four of our men who served
eight days in the guard house for signing and
circulating a petition to our Representative In
Congress to use his influence to have us re
leased as soon as consistent with the services.
If we are needed longer by our Government
in the cause of humanity there is hardly a man
of us who would ask to be released, and would
not only continue to cheerfully sacrifice per
sonal interests and family companionship, but
lay down his life for the cause.
Our officers, who draw better pay than they
ever did before or ever will again, and who
can have their families with them, are per
sistent in stating that we are content to do
garrison duty, and brand about SOO men who
signed the aforesaid petition as a few discon
tented and irresponsible persons. We are glad
that the free preys did not Join the army, and
will appreciate as long as we live anything
that you may be able to do to voice the senti
ment of the men whose mouths are sealed by
special orders. Respectfully,
A PRIVATE.
Presidio Notes.
The decision in the case of Private Will
Davis, ■ omtany L, First Tennessee Regi
ment, tried: by court-martial as one of
the men implicated in the attack upon
Dan Thomas, was given out from General
Miller's headquarters yesterday. The
soldier was found not guilty and was re
turned to his company. The finding of
the court was approved by General Mil
ler. It will be remembered that Davis
was the man who was reported to have
been killed by Thomas, and It waa
ADVERTISEMENTS.
labor day is over X
and it was enjoyed by thousands who had a day's rest from the busy
cares of a workingman's and workingwoman's life. We were pleased to &
see the celebration such a success ; glad to see the happy throngs return. A
now for a busy day to-day. I
new colored
dress goods.
Fancy Two-toned Frirze 42
Inches wide, in black and tur-
quoise, black and heliotrope <t 175
black and marine, with the tf> I
fashionable heavy crepe surface. Yard
Fancy Bayadere Cord, with ser-
pentine designs, interwoven with <£ f .50
fancy colored silk on black tp I
foundation, 42 inches wide Yard
Fancy Matalasse, with serpen- «fc f .50
tine stripe of mordore. mousse tj> I
and marine, 42 inches wide Yard
Fancy Checks, in silk and wool,
new colorings in emerald and
black, heliotrope and black, ma- <£ 1.25
rine and black, 42 inches wide tp I
extra rich finish Yard
Fancy Mohair Plaids, swell de-
signs specially adapted for fancy
waists, in olive, brown, navy,
turquoise grounds overshot with .25
plaids of a strangely contrasting tj> 1
nature, 42 inches wide Yard
Fancy Vlvienne Checks, very
much admired for full costumes
for light figures, in blue, green, flr | OO
heliotrope and latest shadings, tj> 1
8S inches wide Yard
Fancy Reps, that rich corded ef-
fect now so much worn, lnfl?|.00
olives, blues, greens and hello- tj>»
tropes, 38 inches wide Yard
lining
department.
Now most complete; offering cambrics,
silesias, percalines, taffetas, sateens,
nearsilks, ribbon cloths, drillings, grass
cloths, moreens and other dress linings
in great variety.
see our advertisement in to-night's Bulletin.
937-939=941-943=945=947 Market Street.
thought that he was the chief instigator
in the trouble, but from the sentence of
the court it now appears that it was
Thomas who was at fault and first pro
voked the soldier.
Private Ace C. McCune, Company I,
Second Oregon Regiment, died at the
division hospital yesterday of typhoid
fever. The following subjects were sent
to the hospital yesterday: Private Wil
liam Bacon, Company X, Twenty-third
Infanty; Private E. Doran. and Sergeant
A. B. Pray of the Fifty-first lowa.
General Miller yesterday telegraphed
the War Department for the power to
transfer such men of the Sixth and Sev
enth California to the other regiments
now at the Presidio as cared to be so
transferred. Quite a number of the men
of me two regiments now about to be
mustered out have applied to be allowed
to Join the regiments remaining in the
service. Colonel Funston of the Twen
tieth Kansas has %-acancies for about
forty men. Of course no regiment will
be allowed to receive transferred men
above the number of its enlisted strength.
A CRUSHING BLOW
TO MRS. RICHTER
NEWS OF HER HUSBAND'S
DEATH PROSTRATES HE±t.
The Gallant Captain Lies Buried in
the American Cemetery Near
Manila.
In the lonely cemetery of the American
army, near Manila, in the far-off Philip
pines, are burled the remains of Captain
Reinhold Richter of the First Regi
ment of California, who fell in battle for
his country's cause, and upon a bed of
sorrow in a little cottage at 6 Chatta
nooga street, in this city, lies his wife,
overcome with grief.
The announcement of Captain Richter's
death in yesterday morning's Call, with
the touching tribute to the gallant sol
dier and the pathetic description of the
funeral by Sol N. Sheridan, was the first
positive information that Mrs. Richter
had received of her husband's fate. Up
to this time she had hopes that the
wound which he had received at the bat
tle near Manila would not prove fatal,
but she heard nothing as to his condi
tion. To relieve her anxiety a telegram
of inquiry was sent to Washington on
Saturday and the answer came back
from the adjutant general of the United
States army that "General Merritt had
telegraphed on August 23 a full list of
officers and men wounded at Manila up
to that date, and Captain Richter's name
was not among them."
This naturally raised Mrs. Richter's
hopes that her husband was alive, but
her hopes were cruelly blasted in the
news which came yesterday morning. The
blow to Mrs. Richter was a crushing one
and completely prostrated her. AH day
yesterday she refused to see any one or
to be comforted in her great grief. The
only persons admitted to the house were
a few intimate friends.
Volunteers Rally. '
The headquarters of the Volunteers of
America at 44 Fourth street promises to be
a lively place during the balance of the
week. Captain Thomas, head of the local
post, announces that Mr. and Mrs. House,
well-known traveling evangelists, will
speak every evening this week at the
headquarters.
Mr. and Mrs. House have visited all the
Western States and Territories and have
AD VEB JISEMEN'-S.
' '*utflF/ /^£^£rv3jv?^2i**i \JBjHJrS
'fy'^B*/ J/SSf^ Ym*s $&sS. vlßfet?'
The fragrant aroma from first-
class malt and hops. so pro-
nounced in "Blalz," " convinces j
you of its purity and high quality.
- The more you drink, the more j
you are convinced.
' •'•• '* '■■. if* '*•'-■'
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S. A.
; Louis Gihen & Son, Wholesale
■:- Dealers, 416-4 J8 Sacramento Street,
: San Francisco. .^
M — 1
sale of
linens.
Table Damask, bleached, all pure linen,
satin damask finish, fine quality and
imported by us direct from manufac-
turer —
Width 58 62 63 66 Inches
Price 400 sOc 60c 75c Yard
Width 70 70 72 72 Inches
Price 85c 91.00 91.15 91.R0 Yard
Table Damask, half bleach, fine weave,
imported direct from the best looms —
Width 56 58 68 60 Inches
Price 250 35c 40c COc Yard
Width 68 69 69 72 Inches
Price 600 65c 7Oc 51.00 Yard
towel
sale.
Huck Towels, fringed, colored borders,
fine weave, extra heavy —
Size 16x32 18x34 13x38
91.10 81.25 91-50 Dozea
* Bize 21x43 21x43 (Heavier)
92.00 92.75 Per Dozen
Damask Towels, knotted fringe. In plain
white and colored borders, direct Impor-
tation, extra strong in value and wear —
17x34 21x40 21x40 22x44 23x47
91.50 92.00 92.25 93.00 93.00 Dozen
125 dozen Huckaback Towels, C/-»
16x31, fringed, colored borders, (5v
fine weave Each.
1000 yards Toweling, all linen. Pt/-»
unbleached, 16 Inches wide, good Ow
absorbent Yard
1600 yards Linen Toweling,
bleached and all pure linen, I{\f
pure flax, 1V& inches wide, ex- lllv
tra heavy, red border Yard
73 dozen Turkish Towels, QAp
bleached, heavy quality, 23x^Vfw
60 Each
spoken to crowded houses everywhere.
Mrs. House began religious work as a
missionary in China.
At the meeting to-morrow evening an
address will be delivered by Rev. Mr.
Gayham of the Methodist Episcopal
church.
O 1
| Dress Well !
? i/I Vdd IT Vil o
o- - : ; v :♦
♦ For Little Money. _ g
° > if?
! "" $2.5(Pi
9 FOR THIS NOBBY TIB. ?
T FORMER PRICE, *3 50. ♦
O This lot consists of the very latest O
+ Imported patent leather - ♦
° OXFORD TIE. J
0 New Coin Toes, French Damask Silk O
4 Vesting Tops, French Heels, all 4
Z sizes and widths. q
V We must close ' these out to make 4.
♦ room for new lines to arrive. • q
I NURSES' SHOES I
O The same shoe that is used in all the A
♦ best hospitals in the country. Made of V
4 stout kid, with medium weight soft J
O flexible noiseless soles, rubber heels, O
+ hand sewed and the price ♦
! $2.75. !
♦• — X
0 Country orders solicited. V
'♦. Send for Illustrated Catalogue. ♦
o B. KATCHINSKI, o
O PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, O
J 10 THIRD ST., San Franoisco. o
j a ♦
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
j — ■ — — ■
000 0000000000 00 o .
|w A LACE *"-°S
GRAND HOT
.*? SAN FRANCISCO. ; ,'i !f'
" Connected by a covered ' passageway. "
O 1400 Rooms— With Bath Attached. ®
O All Uader One Management. O
q NOTE THE PKICEB: Q
_ European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward A
O American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward"
q Correspondence . Solicited. n
o JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK, Manag«r. Q
QOOOOOOQOOQOOOOOQQ
MAKE PERFECT MEN
V JJO SOT DESPAIR ! l>o notSuf.
JKW«*."X ferLonser! The Joys and ainhltionsol
**»^*^^/« life can be restored to you. Tlie very
Sif -J&W w orst cased of Xervoux I>eb!llty ara
■ S absolutely curedby PEBFF.CTO
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions ot
life can be restored to you. Tlie very
nurst a>cj,,! V,t\oii< I>ebllltyara
absolutely cured by PKKFECTO
»V^ TABLtTS. Give 'prompt rtlief to in-
>r*(v'jBKH somnia, failing memory and thewagta
t4*V"J=XA.y and drain of vital powers, incurred by
'XlA^yw'' indiscretions orexec-f-esof early years.
- . x **"*' .. t Impurt vijror and pot'-ncy to every func- i
tion. lirace up the system. ; Ulre /tCJ*. bloom to tha
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /jHTtA vo or old.
One 50c box renews Tita.l energy f A." J*> boxes a.%
»•■!■ 60 complete guaranteed cure 'i*A:iZf or money ro.
funded. Can be carried in vest • pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed In plain wrapper on receipt o(
price- by THE FKUFELTO CO., Cuton Bid;., Chlc«eo, 111.
Sold by Owt ' Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland,
,":' '.''': . . ' . - '. "■ '-
WONG WOO, ,
f^^ CHINESE TEA AND HER 3
'RjP 3 SANITARIUM,
J^^^ iC4-66 CLAY ST., E»a Franoheo,O»l
amlfS^w'ixiilWk'i All diseases cr: >d exclusive-
*ffis**TM& ly by Chinese * erbs. over 3000
' 'Win^flV* varieties being used. ADVICa
F.RKE.' Hours, 9:30 to 11 a. in.. l to 3 and I to
9 d. m.