VOLUME LXXXIVAKQ^29.
PANDO'S ATTEMPT TO JOIN
LINARES ENDS IN FAILURE
ADMIRAL CAMARA'S FLEET, ANCHORED IN THE SUEZ CANAL, NEAR PORT SAID.
KENT'S DIVISION
WILL MOVE ON
MORRO CASTLE
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 18OS, by James Gordon Bennett.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S HEADQUARTERS, Juragua, June
27, by Call-Herald dispatch-boat Mindora to Kingston, Jamaica,
June, 28.— 1t will not be surprising if General Kent's men, who are
now encamped near it, take possession of Morro Castle within a
short time. The defenses on the opposite side of the bay have
already been rendered useless to the Spaniards, and the capture
of Morro would give Admiral Sampson an opportunity to free the
harbor of mines without undergoing a heavy fire from the enemy.
The presence of our troops in this important position ex
plains why Morro has been spared bombardment by the fleet,
although it was known Lieutenant Hobson and his men were re
moved from the castle into the city. Admiral Sampson again
instructed his men to be careful about firing in that vicinity, so
that our army might not suffer by mistake, his new orders on this
point being due to a project to have a division of General Shafter's
men take possession of the Morro.
SPANJSH LOSS TWO
* HUNDRED AT SEVILLA
Deserter Informs General Shafter
That Linares Led the Attack
in Person.
•
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Hennett.
KINGSTON, June 28.— 1t developed
to-day that General Linares, who
placed the ambuscade Into which the
Rough. Riders fell on Friday, person
ally led the Spanish attack. This in
formation was conveyed to General
Shafter by a Spanish deserter from
Santiago, who surrendered to Shafter
at Sevllla on Monday.- He said 200
Bpaniarda wore killed In the battle with
the Rough Riders and eighty wounded.
The bodies of 105 Spanish soldiers and
all the \vunded were brought Into San
tiago on Saturday.
The deserter told the American gen
eral the Spaniards wore greatly sur
prised because the Americans did not
run at thr first fire.
AT THE FRONT, on the Rio Guama,
June 27 (per Associated Press dispatch
boat Wanda,. via Port Antonio, Jamai
ca, via. Kingston, Jamaica, June 28). —
Much information has been obtained
from Spanish parificos, who have
Slipped out of Santiago and given
themselves up in the hope of obtaining
food. They report starvation and dis
tress in Santiago. They say the Span
ish troops are on short rations and all
the supplies are being held for their
use.
The pacificos report that seventy
seven Spaniards were killed and eighty
nine wounded as the result of the en
gagement on Friday last with Colonel
Wood's and Colonel Young's com
mands.
The most startling Information ob
tained from the pacificos is that since
the advance began almost 20,000 Span
ish soldiers have arrived at Santiago
6e Cuba.
The Cubans believe that if the water
supply of the city can be cut off Santi
ago .will * have to yield at v once^ ; : T,hey
The San Francisco Call
say Admiral Cervera's entire fleet, ex
cept the torpedo boat destroyer Terror,
is in the harbor.
General Wheeler, who made a recon
nolssance a half-mile beyond the skir
mish lines this morning, finding that he
was unable to secure the desired view
through the luxuriant tropical foliage,
dismounted and climbed a tree. A
major general of the United States
army In the forks of a tree, surveying
the Spanish outposts through his field
glasses, was a spectacle that gave Borne
idea of the wonderful energy of the
dashing ex-Confederate cavalry leader.
This feat of agility in a man 62 years of
age put to the blush many younger
officers of his own staff.
SAYS YON DIEDRICHS
IS TO INTERVENE
Semi-Offlcial Note at Berlin as to the
Course of Action in the
Philippines.
LONDON, June 29.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Daily News says:
The following semi-ofiicial note has
lippn published here, apparently with
the object of preparing* the world for
the landing of German marines at
Manila:
"As yet no statement has reached
here about the landing of German
marines at Manila, but it is a matter
of course that Admiral yon Diedrichs
wili intervene as soon as it may become
necessary for the protection of Ger
mans there. Such a measure would
have no political sisrniflcance whatever.
Neither at Washington nor Madrid
have negotiations occurred on this
matter."
The assurance that a landing of
marines would have no political signifi
cance is very nice. The only question
is whether the United States or the
other powers will see in the language
an act of interference, compelling them
to follow suit.
New York Volunteers Coming.
NEW YORK, June . 28.— First
Regiment, Now . York .Volunteers, : com
posed of ; the Tenth ; Battalion of Albany
and eight • separate companies, has I re
ceived orders from ■ Washington to pro
ceed to San Francisco and ' thence to , the
Philippines ■ .--• --- -^--' •■■: ~- -^
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1898.
GUARDING THE MINES
OFF BALLAST POINT
Difficult Task of the Corwin in San
Diego Waters Reserved for
the Spaniards.
SAN DIEGO. Juno 28.-The United
States ship Corwin, upon her arrival at
San Diego on Wednesday last, began her
work of guarding the submarine mines
off Ballast Point. Her officers are hav
ing their hands full — on duty from dawn
till dark, and from nightfall till morning.
All day long a sharp lookout Is kept up,
and vessels are continually warned
tnrough the megaphone to keep clear of
the waters reserved for the Spaniards.
The searchlight is used at night, and not
evon a rowboat escapes its piercing rays.
Several vessels have been fired upon by
the batteries on shore under the command
of Captain Humphreys of the Eighteenth
Artillery <md the vessels overhauled and
seized by the C'orwin's steam launch.
To-day a Chinese junk persisted in cut
ting oft corners on her way to the city,
mm in so doing sailed directly over tho
mine fields. A shot was fired across her
Low from the gun on the bluff, and upon
failing to heed the warning a second snot
was iired. which just fell short of her
stern. The stranger at once squared
away before the wind and beat a hasty
retreat to sea, with the Corwin's steam
launch In hot pursuit. After chasing the
vessel for several miles she was brought
to and Lieutenant I'beroth took her in
charge. He brought the schooner back
and anchored her under the Corwin's
guns.
Too Late in the Day.
LONDON, June 28.— The Paris cor
respondent of the Morning Post says:
"I learn, on the authority of Dr. Bet
ancourt that, with a view of preventing
American intervention, Spain will be
stow independence upon Porto Rico,
subject to certain commercial advan
tages being reserved for the mother
country."
Wheelmen Seriously Injured.
SACRAMENTO, June 28— Jesse J. An
derson, while riding a bicycle at Ninth
and G strets this afternoon was run over
by a stroot rar, n eeivinj? injuries which,
it Is feared, will prove fatil.
Wolseley for an Alliance.
L-..iJON, June 28.— Lord Wolseley,
commander-in-chlef of the British
army, has joined the Anglo-American
committee, which 1b aiming to cultivate
_aii entente.
MILES WILL PROBABLY
NOT GO TO SANTIAGO
Work Mapped Out for Him in Organ-
izing a Large Army to Be Sent
to Porto ivico.
NEW YORK. June 2R.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
If Major General Miles gdfeS to Santi
ago de Cuba It will not be for the pur
pose of conducting the campaign
against that city, but to supervise the
work of re-embarking such part of
General Shafter's army as may be used
In the Porto Rican expedition. The un
derstanding to-night Is that General
Miles will not go to Santiago at all. His
work as now mapped out contemplates
the fitting out of a large army for the
Porto Rlcan expedition, and he is ex
pecting to leave at once for Tampa.
The army expedition which he is di
rected to prepare and to command
when it goes into the field will consist
of the first and second divisions of the
THE CRUISER ST. PAUL INFLICTS SERIOUS DAMAGE ON THE SPANISH TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER TERROR OFF PORTO RICO
BRAVE SIGSBEE'S GUNS
DISABLE THE TERROR
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The Navy Department to
day posted the following bulletin:
"Captain Sigsbee reports that on Wednesday afternoon,
while off San Juan de Porto Rico, he was attacked by a Span
ish unprotected cruiser and the Spanish torpedo-boat destroyer
Terror. The Terror made a dash, which was awaited by the St.
Paul. The St. Paul hit the Terror three times, killing one of
ficer and two men and wounding several others. The Terror
dropped back under cover of the fortifications with difficulty,
and was towed into the harbor in a sinking condition, where
she is now being repaired. Later a cruiser and a gunboat
First Army Corps under General Cop
pinger and some troops that will be
detached from Camp Alger.
OFFICIAL LIST OF THE
AMERICANS KILLED
Major General Shafter Reports the
Casualties in the Battle of
La Quasina.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Adjutant
General Corbin to-night received from
Major General Shafter of the Cuban
army of invasion a cablegram contain
ing the official list of the Americans
killed in the battle of La Quasina. The
list in no material respect differs from
that already published.
The number engaged were: First
Cavalry. 244; Tenth Cavalry. 220; First
Volunteer Cavalry, 500. Total. 964.
To Re-Establish the Duty on Wheat.
ROME, June 28.— The Senate to-day
adopted a motion providing for the re
establishment of the duty on wheat.
FORCED TO
RETREAT TO
MANZANILLO
No Longer Danger That
Re-enforcements Will
Reach Santiago.
Special Cable to The Call and tbe New York Herald. Copyrighted, ISO?
by James Gordon Bennett.
ARMY HEADQUARTERS, JURAGUA, June 27, . by
Call-Herald Dispatch-boat Golden Rod to Kingston, Jamaica,
June 28. — Information has been received here from Manzanillo
to the effect that five battalions of Spanish troops, which. left
that city several days ago to re-enforce General Linares, re
turned to Manzanillo two days after their departure.
This is by far the most important news received to-day. It
is regarded as indicating the failure of the Spanish attempt un
der the command of General Pando to rush 10,000 trained
troops to the defense of Santiago.
General Pando, as has been told in former dispatches, be
gan a desperate effort to get his troops to Santiago as soon as
it was known the Americans would land and begin the invasion
of Cuba in that vicinity. He commands the most . important
body of Spanish troops, aside from General Linares' forces, in
Eastern Cuba. He was ordered by Captain General Blanco to
proceed with all possible haste toward Santiago, and the Span
iards based their only hope of repelling the invasion on the
prompt arrival of Pando's forces about Santiago.
General Garcia had not at his command a force strong
enough to face Pando's 10,000 troops, but he felt confident the
Cubans could hold the Spanish re-enforcements in check until
General Shafter could send troops to aid in driving them back
from the beleaguered city.
General Garcia's scouts, although they apparently dis
played unceasing vigilance, were unable to get news of Pando's
movements. As day after day passed the Cuban general be
came more uneasy and General Shafter was much perplexed as
to Pando's whereabouts.
The information received to-day from Manzanillo has set at
rest the fears of both the American and Cuban commanders.
They believe Pando's men either were unequal to the difficult
march from Manzanillo to Santiago, or else General Linares, re
alizing his hopeless position, sent word it was useless to send
these additional troops to thau point. If General Pando suc
ceeded in forming a junction with General Linares, it would be
of temporary benefit. General Shatter, having obtained a de
sirable landing place and established permanent headquarters
within commanding distance of Santiago, the fall of the city
would be but a question of time. Additional American troops
would be rushed to Santiago and when the Spaniards were de
feated it would mean the surrender of that many more Spanish
troops.
started out, but remained under protection of the forts."
In defeating the Terror Captain Sigsbee has rendered a
most important service to our navy, and, indeed, to all navies.
He has not only deprived Sampson's fleet of an apprehension of
an attack in the rear some dark night by this vicious little boat,
but he has demonstrated that an auxiliary cruiser is amply able
to take care of herself against a torpedo gunboat, showing that '
the offensive power of this craft has been very much overrated.
The other Spanish cruiser referred to by Captain Sigsbee
in his report as joining in the attack upon the St. Paul is sup
posed here to be the Alfonso XIII, an iron bark-rigged
cruiser built in 1887, of .300,0 tons. J
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
SIEGE GUNS
FROWN UPON
THE ENEMY
Shatter's Army May Begin
the Assault Upon San
tiago To-Day.
The General Visits the Advanced
Divisions for a Conference
With Their Leaders.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
GENERAL SHAFTER'S HEAD
QUARTERS, Juragua, June 27 (by The
Call-Herald dispatch boat Mindora to
Kingston, Jamaica, June 28). — Marked
success has attended the work of the
American army in transporting its
siege and field puns from the landing
place near Baiquiri to the heights over
looking the city of Santiago. Unless
the Spaniards are able to offer more
resistance than they have attempted
since they evacuated Sevilla on Satur
day night the invading army will be
Beady i<< attack Santiago within forty
eight hours. Much depends upon the
information Major General Shafter will
receive from General Wheeler, General
J.i-vtnn, Colonel Wood and Lieutenant
'Colonel Roosevelt to-night and to-mor
row.
General Shafter debarked from the
Saguranca this morning and proceeded
at once to this point, where he is in
close communication with the com
manders of the advance divisions of the
army. General Bates met him and they
conferred for a few minutes about the
landing of supplies.
General Shiifier, who was in full uni
form and wore a straw helmet, found,
after much difficulty, a magnificent
hur.-e for use in the campaign. After
attending to some minor matters at
headquarters he mounted and began a
tour of inspection of the American and
the Cuban forces. From Juragua the
American commander rode several
miles toward Santiago, passing on his
way the camps of General Garcia and
General Castillo, if,- visited before his
return General Wheeler and other di
vision commanders, and made observa
tions of Santiago from the heights.
General Shafter learned from the
Cuban generals the exact points at
which their 4000 men are encamped.
General Garcia, because of his knowl
edge of the country, was able to point
out several decided advantages that
had accrued ♦-< the invading army
through General Linares' course in
abandoning. Sevilla without resistance.
He had learned from his scouts many
details of the Spanish plan for the de
fense of Santiago and he gave this lat
est information to General Shafter.
General Kent's division to-day took
a position on the extreme flank of the
army, near Morro Castle, and it is like
ly that this advance caused the rumor
that the assault on the city had begun.
General Kent's men now are encamped
along the railroad, the American flag
being visible for miles from both land
and sea.
As I have fndicated in previous dis
patches, the hour of attack will depend
entirely upon when' the heavy artillery
is put into position before the city.
The three generals have finally agreed
upon the points at which the Cubans
phall attack and I am able to add that
all look for the early capture of the
city.
General Shafter and General Garcia
realize, however, that the enemy is
prepared to make a desperate resist
anc, but are confident the superior
number and courage of their troops
will insure complete victory.
. Neither General Shafter nor General
Garcia, it is understood here, place
much credence in the report that Gen
eral Linares has divided forces so as
to attack our army from the rear
when the Americans advance against
the city.
General Garcia maintains that the
Spanish commander has not a force
large enough to warrant him adopting
Fuch a course. He bases his opinion
upon reports brought by his most re
liable scouts. All information at hand
Indicates that General Linaiv-s will
hold his entire force at Santiago. He
may conclude to have General Pando
attempt an attack on our rear when
the fighting begins, but even this is
doubtful. In fact, the chances are ten
to one General Pando will be unable to
get his forces in the vicinity before the
Americans attack Santiago. One of
General Shafter's reasons for rushing
preparations for the attack is to pre
vent the possibility of such action on
the part of General Pando.
General Shafter was accompanied
into camp to-day by Colonel John Ja
cob Astor, Captain Stewart M. Brice,
Lieutenant Xoblo, Lieutenant Miley
and other members of his staff.
Complaints are heard that there are
too many Cubans co-operating with
General Shafter's army in this cam
paign. The Cubans, it is alleged, are
eating everything in sight and leaving
little for our troops.
CHEERING NEWS FROM
GENERAL SHAFTER
His Army Making Splendid Progress
and Re-enforcements Have
Arrived.
WASHINGTON. .Tune 28.— The War
Department late this afternoon posted
the following:
KAIQUIRI, June 27. via Playa del Butfa,
June 28.— Secretary nf War: The Vale ar
liveil this morning all rigbt Troops now
disembarking. Your sen. who has been at
the front aa a volunteer, assigned to duty
on the staff of General uuffleld.
BHAFTER. Major General.
OFF 1 SIBONEY. June 27. 9 p. m.. via
Playa del Este.— Adjutant General, Wash
ington: All is proflrresslnK wen. We oc
cupied to-day an advanced position aban
doned by the enemy yesterday on the Se
vllla and Santiago road, west of San Juan
River, within three mile* of Santiago and
from which it can be plainly scon.
SI i AFTER,
Major General Commanding.
It was very late in the day when the
first dispatch within two days came to
the War Department from General
Shafter, but the news was regarded as
so good That there was no disposition
to complain. It disclosed a very satis
factory rate of progress on the part of
General Shafter toward the town of
Santiago itself, and, apparently he has
gained all the ground and has come I
within three miles of Santiago without I
Buffering any losses since the skirmish
of Friday lajjt. Altogether the per-]
formance is regarded as very gratifying
to the department here.
As near as can be gathered from the
brief dispatch, the American army is
now at the fork of the road, one branch
of which leads to Santiago and the
other to Morro Castle, at the entrance
to the harbor. General Shafter is thus
free to move in either direction, accord
ing to the demands of the campaign.
With the 1300 men who reinforced him
yesterday on the Yale and the addi
tional brigade that will reach him by
to-morrow, it may be possible to make
even more rapid progress in the ad
vance upon Santiago, as the new men
can be relied upon to relieve the main
body of troops from the necessity of
keeping open the line of communica
tion between Shafter and his base at
Baiquiri.
Meanwhile, further reinforcements
are being prepared and dispatched as
rapidly as the best energies of the de
partment can direct, and it is believed
several thousand meu sailed from
Tampa directly for Santiago to-day.
The department has had in mind the
difficulties of the campaign that are
just developing to the public eye. such
as the use for the first time in civilized
■warfare of barbed wire fencing as a
means of defense, and, acting upon the
advice of some of our army officers who
were in Cuba while the fighting was
confined to the Spaniards and insur
gents, a certain number of men in each
regiment have been provided with wire
cutters and charged with the duty of
cutting down these fences so as to per
mit the advance of the troops. It prob
ably will be necessary to shell out the
force defending these wire chevaux de
frise before they can be cut, unless the
men in charge of that duty are to be
unduly exposed to danger. This will
involve a larger use of field artillery
than would be required in ordinary
warfare.
The lines are being tightened around
Cuba, and it will soon be impossible for
even small quantities of food or. war
supplies to reach the Spanish there.
The proclamation issued to-day, ex
tending the blockade to the south coast
and to San Juan, it is believed will ac
complish this result. On the south
coast the Isle of Pines will be cut off as
a transfer depot for cattle and food
supplies pnmi-- from Jamaica and
Central America. By closing San Juan
harbor the Spaniards will lose the last
chance of smuggling war supplies to
Cuba and the future operations of the
army and navy looking to the occupa
tion of the island of Porto Rico will be
materially advanced by the establish
ment of a successful blockade.
BLANCO'S TYPEWRITER
MUCH IN EVIDENC
Official Report That Americans Were
Repulsed in the Fighting
Near Sevilla.
MADRID, June 28.— 1n Government
circles the announcement is made that
the Americans were repulsed in the
fighting near Sevilla and compelled to
retire to Baiquiri, "where they are en
camped under the protection of their
ships' guns."
It is denied that several wagon loads
of wounded Spaniards were taken into
the city of Santiago de Cuba. It is said
General Linarew' troops fought under
cover and that their losses are definite
ly known to be a captain and seven sol
diers killed and two lieutenants and
twelve men wounded.
According to the dispatches from Ha
vana, "the American troops are already
suffering seriously from disease."
The latest dispatch from General Li
nares says nothing new has occurred,
but "he confirms the report of the land
ing at Banes of Sanguilly, Lacret, Be
tancourt and a thousand rebels with
artillery and 500,000 cartridges."
AT THE FRONT ON THE RIO
GT'AMA. June 27 (p^r the Associated
Press dispatch boat Wanda, via King
ston, Jamaica. June 28). — It is announc
ed on very high authority that almost
20,000 Spanish soldiers have arrived at
Santiago de Cuba since the American
advance began, and it is added that
General Pando may be able to effect a
Junction with Linares at Santiago de
Cuba.
WARSHIPS OF SPAIN
CROSSING THE ATLANTIC
Report That Part of Camara's Fleet
Is Now on Its Way to
Porto Rico.
LONDON. June 2S.— The Star to-day
prints a story from a foreign corre
pondent to the effect that a part of
Admiral Camara's fleet left him off
Algeciras, near Gibraltar, and is now
on its way to Porto Rico "to join the
squadron of torpedo boats which Cap
tain Vlllamil has had concealed near
there for three weeks past."
The correspondent adds: "This fleet
will attack Admiral Sampson in the
rear, while Admiral Cervera attempts
a sortie simultaneously with the com
mencement of the land battle. Thus
Admiral Sampson will be too preoccu
pied to help General Shafter."
GENERAL JIMINEZ IN
PRISON AT NASSAU
Santo Domingo Conspirator to Be
Tried for Breach of the Foreign
Enlistment Act.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
HermM. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
NASSAU N. P., June 28.— General
Jiminez, instigator of the rebellion
against President Heureaux of Santa
Domingo, arrived here to-day from
Inagua under arrest. He was locked
up, bail being refused. He will be
tried for breach of the foreign er.libt
ment act.
Talk of Impressing the Umatilla.
TACOMA. Wash.. June 28.— 1t is re
rorted thot the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company's steamer Umauila will
be impress?! Os a Manila transport.
She can accommodate from 800 to 1000
trcope, besides carrying 800 tons of
freight.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CAJL.L, WEDNESDAY, JOE 29, ISfIS.
AGUINALDO
INCLINED TO
BE DEFIANT
Special cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, June 23 (via Hongkong
June 2S).— lt seems probable the situa
tion in the Philippines is about to be
come complicated, and it is much to be
regretted the American Government
did not hurry forward 1600 men to en
able Admiral Dewey to hold Manila
and plant the American flag firmly on
the citadel. Possession is nine points
in the law, and Interference which
would have been almost impossible
were the American flag flying over Ma
nila becomes comparatively easy while
the city is still under Spanish rule.
We are threatened with various com
plications.
First, the rebels, influenced by for
eign Consuls or inflated by their sur
prising success under arms, have
changed their tone and now want com
plete independence. Aguinaldo already
has issued a circular saying it is prob
able he will invite the European pow
ers to recognize and guarantee the
complete independence of the Philip
pines. This leader in his complete ig
norance of diplomacy and how to deal
with European diplomats will soon in
volve himself inextricably in complica
tions, the lirst of which will be a rup
ture with his American protectors,
which is what Germany is aiming to
secure. Should European nations in
terfere in the Philippines so much jeal
ousy would ensue it would be hopeless
for them to try to arrive at a satisfac
tory result, and the only way of
escape would be by means of a general
war or a return of the islands to Snain.
In that case Spain would require inter
national help to restore order.
The delay of American troops when
their presence is of vital importance
DEATH-DEALING
EARTHQUAKES
Several Italian Towns
Shaken Up.
MANY CASUALTIES REPORTED.
DAMAGE TO PROPERTY IS VERY
GREAT.
At Rieta, Near Rome, the Barracks
Were Demolished and the
Populace Was Panic-
Stricken.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, June 28.— Two sharp earth
quake shocks were felt this morning at
Rieta, forty-two miles from here. The
worst one was at 9 a. m. It lasted
nine seconds and a number of buildings
were damaged. The Carbineer Bar
racks were rendered uninhabitable and
the whole population was paiue
stricken.
At Castel Franco an earthquake
shock Injured a number of people and
killed one child.
An earthquake shock was also lelt
SCENES AT THE FRONT IN CUBA.
From Pbotographs Ta^erj Especially for Tbe Call.
1 proves the United States was not pre
j pared for war with Spain and is power
; less to oppose n European combina
i tion. Would England engage in a big
l war to gain joint supremacy in the
i Philippines?
If Aguinaldo is idiotic enough to de
; Bert his American protectors and throw
; himself into the hands of the European
powers he will display ignorance of
European methods in arranging affairs.
| There can be only one or two results
of this policy— either the Philippines
would become divided among the great
powers or be placed by them under
Spanish rule again.
In the latter case God help the Phil
ippines. They would have to pay for
Spain's eventual defeat and pay the in
demnity to the Americans also.
During the recent rebellion Aguinaldo
found it no easy matter to maintain
order and one Andreas Bonifacio, who
conspired against his life, was captured
after a severe fight and shot as a
traitor. How Aguinaldo, knowing the
whole island is in a ferment, can sup
pose he or any Philippine combination
could govern the islands without the
help of foreign power is inconceivable.
It is stated Aguinaldo had an inter
view with the German admiral, Died
richs. yesterday. His small steam
launch was circling around the German
flagship, but I could not see that any
one was allowed aboard.
The Rustler called in here and pro
ceeded to Iloilo. Eleven provinces in
Cuzon have declared themselves inde
pendent, probably all by this time, but
the news filters slowly to Manila. Not
a single one of the Spaniards escaped
from the province of Manila and no
letters or messengers arrived. All the
Spanish prisoners were taken to Cavite.
Some 200 sick or wounded were brought
to Manila from Cavite on the 21st. They
report a food shortage there, but other
wise they were well treated.
last night around Aquita, capital of the
province of that name, eighteen miles
northeast of this city and along the
Antrodoco Valley. A number of nouses
collapsed, one person was killed and a
dozen were injured. Five peasants
were killed and several others injured
at Santa Ruflna, near Aquita. A
number of houses fell and several per
sons were killed by a shock whloii oc
curred at the village of Capovello.
NINE THOUSAND MEN
TO JOIN THE INVADERS
Orders for Another Expedition to
Santiago, Including Six Bat
teries of Artillery.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Orders
have been issued for the departure of
another large army expedition from
Tampa, composed of about 9000 men of
the Second Division of the Fourth Army-
Corps, under command of Brigadier
General Snyder, and six batteries of ar
tillery, three light and three heavy.
Twelve transports are to carry the
expedition. They will move first to
Key West, at which point a strong na
val convoy will meet them and escort
the expedition f«i Santiago. The con
voy will probably include one battle
ship and several cruisers and auxiliary
cruisers.
General Snyder's second division of
the Fourth Army Corps is now at Tam
pa and is made up of three brigades
and nine regiments. The batteries will
be designated by General Randolph, in
command of the artillery at Tampa.
This will bring Shafter's force up to
about 30,000 men, made up of the J (5,000
men he took with him, General Duf
field's command on the Harvard and
Yale. General Garretson's command,
which will go on the same steamers,
and General Snyder's expedition from
Tampa.
MORE TROOPS
FOR MERRITT
Twenty-One Thousand
Men All Told.
THE FIRST NEW YORK COMING
ORGANIZING THE LAST TWO EX
PEDITIONS.
Washington Officials Hope to See the
Final Fleet on Its Way to
Manila by the First of
August.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The un
derstanding at the War Department is
that the total number of regulars anl
volunteers which will be dispatched to
Manila in command of Major General
Merritt will approximate 21,000 men. Ot
these 10,000 already have left San Fran
cisco in three separate expeditions.
With the troops now at San Francisco
and those on their way to that city the
remainder of the Eighth Corps Asilt. be
made up.
The Wyoming Battery of Light Ar
tillery arrived at San Francisco to
day, while the First Regiment of
New York Volunteers yesterday re
ceived the order to proceed to San
Francisco for duty with the Philippine
expedition. This regiment has b^en
quartered in several of the forts around
New York harbor, and is commanded
by Colonel Thomas M. Barber. The
First will form an important addition
to General Merritt's corps, as the ex
pectation is that it will be recruited to
its full maximum strength of 1326 men
before starting on its long trip to the
coast.
The fourth expedition to the Philip
pines is scheduled to start somewhere
between the 6th and 10th of July, and
arrangements for it are making at
Washington and at San Francisco. The
fifth and probably the last of the series
of expeditions the officials now hope
to see launched on its way by the Ist
of August. The expectation being that
some of the transports used in the
Giants are those who are full of power. Power is another name
for manliness. Ail men are given power when they are bom. But many
men abuse nature's grandest and most valuable gifts. Have you been
guilty? If you have "Hudyan" will make up for your folly. "Hudyan"
restores to men who have been gluttonous a new digestion. To men
who have been wasting away it brings fresh vitality. To men who are
weak it brings grand maniy strength. It has done that, and never failed
to do it with an array of 21,000 patients. Circulars and testimonials
about it are sent to all who will ask for them. Medical advice on all
subjects is sent free. Will you have it? Why should you not be a phys-
ical giant, even if you are not one in stature? You can be, if you will
but try. Ask about "Hudyan." No cost to you.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., San F-acisco
first expedition will have returned from
Manila before that time and be ready
to start again across the Pacific with
American troops aboard.
NOMINATIONS SENT
BY THE PRESIDENT
Army and Navy Appointments and
Promotions for the Senate's
Consideration.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The Presi
dent sent these nominations to the Senate
to-day:
Navy— Lieutenant Commander Conway
H. Arnold to be a commander; Surgeon
R. C. Parsons to be a medical inspector.
War, volunteer infantry— Third Regi
ment, Wade H. Westmoreland of Georgia
to be captain; William Albert Jones of
Georgia to be first lieutenant; Edward
Harolson of Georgia to be second lieu
tenant.
Seventh Regiment— Amos W. Brandt of
lowa and Philip Bernhard of New York
to be captains.
Ninth Regiment— David M. Sells of
lowa to be lieutenant colonel; Walter A.
Dayton of Louisiana and Henry A. Chan
dler and Clarion A. Windus of Texas to
be captains.
Tenth Regiment — Thomas B. Turney.
ordnance sergeant, and Luthor Sagel Kel
ly of New York to be captains.
Fifth Regiment— James M. Liddell of
Mississippi to be major.
Seventh Regiment— Harry Bingham of
California to be captain.
Volunteer engineers. First Regiment-
Charles D. Webb and Charles I. Proben
of New York to be assistant surgeons,
with rank of first lieutenant.
Second Lieutenant George Perrine,
First Volunteer Engineers, to be first
lieutenant; Percy Bowens of New York,
to be second lieutenant; Alex W. Cooke
of Illinois: Burton W. Dixon of Indiana,
Alex H. Weber of South Carolina Arch
ibald Powell of Minnesota; L. H. Guston
of Ohio, Georse A. Hurd of Illinois, to
be captains. William A. Venable, Ar
thur E. Ballentine, Maurice W. Cooley
of Ohio; Frank H. Hamilton, Fremont
: Hill, Oscar S. Durfee, Eugene Klapp of
1 Illinois; Gates A. Johnson Jr. of Minne
sota, and Christopher C. Fitzgerald of
; Indiana, to be first lieutenants. James
E. Lawton, Orville Benson of Ohio;
Frank S. Clark, Clarence F. Jackson of
Indiana; David G. Anderson of Pennsyl
vania, and Joseph R. McAndrews of Illi
nois, to be second lieutenants.
Third Regiment — George E. Lyon of
Missouri, surgeon with rank of major;
Julius A. Schuelke of Wyoming and John
H. Gibben of Pennsylvania, assistant sur
geons with rank of first lieutenant.
Regular army, infantry: Frank D.
Wickham of Missouri, now first lieuten
ant Fourth Missouri Volunteer Infantry,
to be second lieutenant.
Additional paymaster, Washington
Haverstick of Wisconsin.
Second Regiment Volunteer Engineers:
To be first lieutenant, David B. Guilder
sleeve of New Jersey.
To be second lieutenant, Redmond V.
Beach of Connecticut.
To be commissary with rank of cap
tain, Edward W. Hurlburt of Colorado.
First Regiment Volunteer Engineers, to
be second lieutenant, Harry C. Delano
of New York.
Second Regiment Volunteer Engineers,
Randolph E. Fishburn of Illinois, to be
first lieutenant.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Can Eat
Anything now, and it makes me so
happy," writes a Vermont woman, "be/ A
cause I am now perfectly free from
those old deathly feelings; when I could
not keep anything- on my stomach, had
pains in my back and side. I owe it all
to Hood's Sarsaparilla, three bottles of
which have made me perfectly well and
I am growing strong and fleshy."
Hood's SarsapapiUa
Is America's Greatest Medicine, $1; six for $5.
Hood's Pills cure sick headache. 25 cents.
BLACK
CAT
Stockings called Leather Stockings
will outwear, outlook and outsatisfy
any other hose made for big boys or big
girls.
25 Cents.
Sizes 6 to 11, heavy ribbed, a single
pair mailed free on receipt of price
just to try 'em. \:- ?
SMITHS.
CASH STORE 1
If you have a Hump Nose, Roman, Flat, Pug.
Red or broken Nose, or any mark or blemish
on, in or under your Bkin, call on JOHN H.
WOODBURY, 127 West Forty-second St., New
York. Consultation free. * . .
fffe CUoliMter's Ensllali Diamond Brand. -
P ENfiYROYAL PiLLS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
Sf HfiT"IV Oriel ami and Only Genuine. A
«»rc, »l«raji rtIUM«. uoits art /w\
riM V^VHSI °88l" tcr'Chidieiterm inyiuA Via-J9t\
lf»f*Wß'2i m<m <* Brand In lied »v.l <;.( ine!»Uic\VSy
jg^ —^KJf3 !)0 * cI ' »c*led with blue ribbon. Take VST
I*l yyjno other. Refute dangerovM rutotitu- v
I / ~ tV M°n* and imitation: At Orajglats, or m-nd 4ft,
I*» -Jf In siiiapi for particular*, t<-stimonl.ils and
\C* &* "Belief for Ladle*," tetter, kj retara
m^L_^lr Mail. m.OOO T-«ti;nonl«li. Kemt taper.
, m l Chl«»ic»terChemlcalC<».,Mn<Uso«iBqm»r%
■U by all Looaj Drogfiats. P*» r ».AUA., FA-
DR.MCOTLTY.
H^HTy V.'ELLKXOW:* AND RKLIABLE Or.tl
.t I'rlvate,Xervons,H!ooclari(J Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 purs' experience. Send for Book, free. ■ Patient*
cured at Home. > Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
dally ; 8:30 t"-< :iO-v'!,'s. Huiidnys, 10 to 12. Consulw-
Clou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
*». UO.Sf •€»*: JI*SULTT. M. I».,
26*2 KEABNT STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL_
TJ CII 17 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
bKU bntb ssjrasaa-tJBSt
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, "laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramen to St
X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus SprecKeli Bid*.
Telephone Brown SSL
Residence. 821 California street below
Powell. San Francisco.NOTHING
WILL STOP
WATSON
Flying Squadron to Be
Made Ready With
out Delay.
It Will Go to the Spanish
Coast Whether Camara
Returns or Not.
WASHINGTON, June 2S.— There was
no further word from the Cadiz fleet
to-day, though it is still known to be
lying at Port Said, under pretext of
repairing one of the torpedo boat de-
Btroyers.
The delay on the part of the Spanish
fleet has not stopped the preparations
for the sending of the Eastern squad
ron, under command of Comodore Wat
eon, to the Spanish shores. The com
modore Is hastening with all speed
southward on the Newark to' join and
confer with Sampson off Santiago.
It is stated at the department that it
Is the present Intention to start Com
modore Watson's Euporean squadron
from Santiago. This, however, is sub
ject to Admiral Sampson's report upon
the condition of the vessels selected
and their need? in the matter of sup
plies and equipment for the long voyage
ahead of them. if they need no more
that can be supplied from Sampson's
fleet, they will start, according to or
ders, from Santiago, but if further sup
pliefl are needed, >>r if the vessels must
be cleaned first, then thoy will prob
ably be sent north to Hampton Roads.
Meanwhile there is no mistaking the
earnestness of the Navy Department in
preparing this squadron for European
8.-rvioe.
All the members of the Cabinet were
present at to-day's meeting with the
exception of Secretary Day, who is out
of the city. At its conclusion it was
stated that the work of supplying Com
modore Watson's squadron with am
munition, cal and provisions, prepara
tory to its departure for Spain, was
progressing satisfactorily, and that in
all probability the squadron would be
ready to sail in the course of the next
i four or five days.
The impression which seems to pre-
Vail In some quarters that the sending <
of this fl< it to Spain is Intended solely j
to prevent Admiral Camara from going i
to the Philippines Is erroneous. There
1b no question that this move has been
under consideration for some time, and
it is the intention of the Government to
send the vessels to Spain's home waters
whether Camara's fleet proceeds to the
Philippines or not. If it returns and
comes within striking distance of Com
re Watson's powerful squadron it
Is confidently expected by the President
and the members of the Cabinet that it
■will be crushed, which would utterly
destroy Spain's power on the sea.
Should it continue its course to Manila
Admiral Dewey's squadron is regarded
as abundantly able to maintain the
honors it won mi May 1.
The arrival at Manila of the trans
ports with troops from San Francisco
has not yet been reported, nor Is the
news expected for some days The dis
patch boat which left Manila just be
fore the exj ected arrival of the trans
ports will have to return to Manila and
ANNEXATION
IS DOOMED
Senate Will Adjourn
Without Action.
AGREEMENT REACHED
EXHAUSTIVE SPEECHES BY THE
OPPOSITION.
Representative Newlands' Resolution
Will Not Come to a Vot9
During the Present
Session.
Special Dlnpatch to The Call.
Call Office, mggs House,
Washington, June 28.
No agreement has been reached be
tween annexationist Senators and the op
position, and, according. to Senator White,
none is likely to be reached. Twelve or
fifteen Senators have signified their in
tention to address the Senate on this sub
ject, and as these speeches will be ex
haustive there is no telling when the
Senate will be ready to adjourn unless the
Initiative is taken by the other side.
The Evening Star, the Hawaiian Sugar
Company organ, is trying its best to
bolster up the annexationists and induce
them to remain in session, but the ex
tremely hot weather is having a most
demoralizing effect.
It Is freely predicted here that Congress
will adjourn without having passed the
Newlands resolution.
CAFFERY DEFENDS THE
COURSE OF CLEVELAND
Says He Was Right in Causing the
American Flag to Be Hauled
Down in Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— Almost the
entire session of the Senate to-day was
occupied by Mr. CafTery of Louisiana in
a continuance of his speech against the
annexation of Hawaii. At 4 o'clock he
had not concluded, but yielded the floor
In order that the general deficiency bill
might be coneldered. The bill was read
and the committee amendments, bo far
again return to Hongkong before any
thing later can be known.
SPANISH GOVERNMENT
IN DOUBTING MOOD
Does Not Credit the Report That an
American Squadron Is to Cross
the Atlantic.
MADRID. June 28.— The Spanish offi
cials here assert that there will be no
difficulty in Admiral Camara traversing
the Suez Canal, as the accompanying
transports, they add, have all the coal
the squadron requires. It is believed
here that the Spanish ships will enter
the canal to-day.
The Spanish Government does not
credit the report that an American
squadron is to visit Spanish waters,
but the Ministers say they have taken
all possible precautions, that the ports
are all ready, and that 26.000 men who
have been called out will be distributed
among the principal Atlantic and
Mediterranean ports.
CHANGE IN PUBLIC
OPINION IN EUROPE
Recognizes Americans Are Entitled
to Make War in Any Way They
May Sse Fit.
LONDON, June 28.— The St. James
Gazette this afternoon, commenting
on the prospect of the American forces
attacking the coast of Spain, says:
"The reception of the news evidenced
a change in public opinion, which at the
commencement of the war thought
Europe should notify the United States
that the war must be conflnc'l to
American waters. It is now recognized
that the Americans are fully entitled to
make war in their own way, and they
are, indeed, driven to retaliate upon
Spain In this manner, owing to the tac
tics which Spain has chosen to pursue."
CAMARA'S SQUADRON IN
SLOVENLY CONDITION
Will Be Compelled to Remain at Port
Said for at Least a
Week.
LONDON, June 29.— A dispatch to the
Daily Chronicle from Port Said says
| Admiral Camara's squadron is in a
moat slovenly condition, the bottoms of
most of his ships are foul and the re
pairing of the machinery of the tor
pedo-boat destroyer Audaz would take
lat least a week. The Isla de Panay,
I Covadonga and Colon have been re*
i moved to berths assigned to ships likely
j to make a long stay. The captain of the
I Pelayo has landed his sick. Coaling,
the taking on of supplies and the em
ployment of native stokers are pro
hibited, pending a decision by the
j L "Titian Government.
as they have been offered, were agreed
to. Consideration of the bill will be re
sumed to-morrow morning.
When the annexation resolution was j
taken up Mr. Caffery extolled President !
Cleveland's course in ordering the Amer- !
lean flag taken down. While discuss
ing what he deemed the wrong done to <
the constituted authority during the Ha
waiian rebellion of L 893, Mr. Caffery de- !
clared it was a bitter and rancorous
spirit which directed the attack made
upon President Cleveland, for the bold, i
patriotic and righteous stand taken by j
Mr. Cleveland in attempting to right the
wrong done by Minister Stevens and the !
band of Hawaiian revolutionists. Con- i
cerning the formation of tin- de facto gov- |
eminent of Hawaii, Mr. Caffery declared
there was never anything like it in the :
history of nations. Some man, he said, '■
read a proclamation. When he began ;
to read twenty-five or thirty people were :
l •:•• Bent and by the time he had concluded
perhaps 300 had gathered. A govern- ]
mont was never made so easily, said he, :
nor elevated so quickly.
"Within half an hour." said Mr. Caf- |
fery, "Minister Stevens had acknowledged '
that the revolutionists had overthrown the !
regularly constituted Government. The Ha- !
waiian Government had under its author- I
ity several islands, some of them fifty
mil«s apart. It was impossible for Min
ister Stevens to know that the revolu- !
tion had been BUCCessfuL International !
law requires that a de facto government
Hha.l be strong enough to maintain itself
with the consent of the people, but with
in ten hours after th<- revolutionary gov- |
ornmont had boon created it demanded i
the protection of the I'nited States."
Mr. Caffery maintained that it was !
merely a paper Government and never I
had amounted to much. He declared that I
within three days after the aoknowledg- j
ment by the United States Minister that
the new Government had been formed
members of the Government were on board
a steamer en route to this country with a
treaty of annexation in their pockt-t
"The ultimate purposes of the revolu
tionists from the start," said Mr. Caffery
"was annexation to the United States."
He said all the conspirators were sugar
men. and the tariff law then in operation j
in the United States was Inimical to their
interests. He added that a good deal had
been said recently about the Interest of
the beet-sugar trust in the pending ques
tion of annexation. The statements were
illufiloiiary and misleading and Intended I
to be such.
 lr > tne course of my remarks," said
Mr. Cnffery, "I will attempt to show
hereafter that the interests of the Ameri
can Sugar Refining Company are not bet
ter subserved by having Hawaii as it is
than by having Hawaii annexed. The
Interests of the sugar trust are not bet
ter subserved by Hawaii being indepen
dent and free than by Hawaii being a
part of the United States, and the news
papers that are crying 'Wolf, wolf,' are
trying to cover their own tracks."
San Quentin Guards at the Target.
SAN QUENTIN, June 28.-The guards
will have another competitive shnot on
July 3 and 4. President A. W. Foster of
the San Francisco and Northern Pacillc
Railway has donated a cash prize of tw,
which will be divided among the winners.
Yal« Wins From Harvard.
NEW HAVEN, June 28.— Yale this af
ternoon shut out Harvard in the second
game of the championship series by the
score of 7 to 0.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, JB9B.
Plan and section of the entrance to
Santiago harbor showing the po
sition of the sunken Merrimac
and practicability of Cervera's
fleet coming out or Sampson's go
ing in two abreast, one on each
side of the submerged collier.
REACTION IN
THE KLONDIKE
Gold Hunters in Serious
Trouble.
LITTLE WATER IN THE RIVERS
PERILS THAT THREATEN STERN
WHEELERS.
Vast Fleet That May Get Into the
Country but Not Get Out
Again Before Next
Year.
6p*clol Dispatch to The Call.
JUNEAU Alaska, June 25 (via Vic
toria., B. C, Jum 2S, by ste_.nship City
of Seattle). — J. M. Thompkins, who says
he has fur fourteen years been a grain
buyer for Phii Armour of L.ueago,
stepped off a boat here to-day, having
just come from Fort Selkirk, at the
mouth of the Felly River, and Dawson.
He stated that Mr. Armour is not in
terested in K.undike mines.
Mr. Thompkins' mission "inside" is
apparently ol more importance than he
has made public. However, he brings
out some news of the greatest interest
in view of the thousands of men who
have gone Into the Yukon basin by the
Lynn Canal trails, the thousands more
who are expecting to go up the Yukon
River in stern-wheel steamboats and
also in consideration of the vast sums
of money that have been invested in
the construction of light draught stern
wheelers to carry the expected crowds.
Mr. Thompkins' opinion is that these
I!"(.ks of steamboats will n«ver get up
the river this year, and that t'.e money
used to build them will return about as
much dividend as the dollars put into
the erection of three-story hotels at the
head of Lynn Canal, which are now
V ;.< ant.
He said: "Not in five years has
there been so light a snowfall in the in
terior of Alaska as last winter. Moun
tain peaks which are usually covered
with snow are bare. Melted snow and
ice make the greater volume of the
water of the Yukon River, and this
year the Yukon is lower than it has
been in a long time. It is very low
now, and the amount of snow will not
produce water enough to raise it more
than a few inches at most. Bars and
points Jutting from the shore at the
bends of the river are far out of water.
At the present stage of the water none
of the boats at St. Michael can come up
the rivor. They would never get over
the flats. If they got that far they
would stay where the Hamilton stuck
last fall. The exceptionally mild win
ter accounts for the light snowfall.
Where Is the water coming from to
raise the river? The snow is not there
to make it."
"What do they think at Dawson
about this?"
"They are very doubtful that the
boats will ever arrive there. Prospect
ors who have been in the Yukon Basin
for years say they have never seen the
river so low at this time of year, and
so little snow. There is a good deal of
uneasiness on this account in Dawson
and up in the mining camps. If the
boats do not succeed in making at least
one round trip, my opinion is that the
Government relief expedition which
turned into a burlesque last winter will
become a stern necessity next winter.
Yes, I know that the men going in are
taking grub with them, but I'll just be
prophet enough to ask you to remem
ber what I have said when next Feb
ruary comes."
Mr. Thompkins Is the first man to
come out of the wilderness and say
that there is disappointment among
claim holders generally in regard to the
clean up. He says the amount is much
less than was anticipated. and
while some hope it may reach $20,000,
000, Mr. Thompkins says he and a
good many others will be surprised if
the total clean up exceeds J0, 000,000.
The pay streak narrowed or ran out
entirely in many claims. There is not
a man in the Klondike region who
owns a claim that does not want to
sell.
"Will the gold come out by the up
river route or be sent down to St.
Michael?" he was asked.
"Most of it will be brought up the
river by its owners and they will be
coming all summer lone and till late
in the fall," said Mr. Thompkins.
"There is a feeling of distrust about
the boats being able to get back down
the river even if they succeed In mak
ing Pawson, owing to the low water.
Men who have made a rich strike do
not fancy being stuck on the river in
the midst of a wilderness all winter
long with a load of gold. A few may
risk of getting out by way of St. Mich
ael, but nine men out of ten who have
got anythir- out of the clean up will
give it a personal escort up the *river
themselves, for by th<» up-river route
thov know they can get out, though it
will take a little longer. There will be
small steamboats on the river this
summer and along in the fall till navi
gntion closes from Pawson to Lake 1
Bennett, nortr>"-in<r the rapids.
"These boats will make regular trips
SENTIMENT OF
MADRID TENDS
TOWARD PEACE
Bishop of BarceloQd Advises Tfyat
Spain Treat Directly With
t\)e UQited States.
Special Cable to The Call and the Hew York "Herald. Copyrighted, 180S,
by Jainen Gordon Dennett.
MADRID, June 28.— Political debating centers, which abound in i
Madrid, were particularly animated to-day. The general opinion, fol- i
lowing the Archbishop of Barcelona, was that the time had come to ]
treat for peace and directly with the United States, not through a j
third power. <
The Archbishop of Barcelona says Spain should ask the United i
States upon what terms it would make peace, and unless I am misin- :
formed such is the opinion of the Spanish people, and it is this matter :
to decide which a Cabinet council is sitting as I write. It was sum- i
moned in consequence of the American proposals to send a fleet over :
here. Its reply is to call out 26,00) extra men to re-enforce the gar- ;
risons in the seaboard towns and place all forts in a position to meet
any emergency. <
The persistent rumor that the Government has ordered Admiral
Cervera to sally from Santiago is officially denied. The admiral, with
out doubt, has been sounded upon the poiiit, but after a consultation
with his captains and after much deliberation it was resolved that,
much as the question of a sortie was popular with naval n.on.
It would be contrary to strict orders of tlie Government, which fere
to take the least possible risk with his ships.
both ways, or a man may pull up the
Yukon in a small boat to Fort Selkirk
and there strike the Dalton trail and
come overland to Pyramid Harbor, or
go on up the Lewis River to Five
Finger Rapids and hit the same trail
there. Consequently most of the Klon
dike gold will first come to tidewater
at Skaguay, Dyea and Juneau. Thous
ands of men are goir" into the Yukon
country who have nothing but the bit
terest disappointment ahead of them
as sure as fate."
Mr. Thompkins has no mine on any
of the celebrated creeks or gulches. He
has placer diggi. rs on Selwin Creek,
near Fort Selkirk, which produced $2600
above expenses up to the time of the
clean-up, and also Borne claims on
Seventy Mile, which run $10 per day
to the man and promise better. He left
Juneau to-day to look at a very rich
quartz claim location.
"I think," said he. "that these Klon
dikerf! are passing by hundreds of good
mines between here and British Colum
bia and they need not even leave Brit
ish Columbia to find them."
He win leave for Chicago next week.
He says the flotilla of boats going down
the Lewis River beats anything he ever
saw in his experienco and he is doubt
ful whether tho world ever before pro
duced such a sight. It is a continuous
fleet, nearly 600 miles long. The Cana
dian police have stopped the use of can
vas boats on the lakes and river as un
serviceable and dancerous.
HAL HOFFMAN.
FUNDS FOR THE CHURCH.
Highland Springs Hotel Guests Give
an Entertainment.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS, Cal., June 28.—
An entertainment for the building fund
nf the Lakeport Episcopal Church took
place iit Highland Springs to-night. Mrs.
W. B. Collier and daughter were the
prime movers; and the guests of the hotel
the patronesses, in a farce entitled, "'A
Lesson in Whist," at the pavilion, and a
dramatic cantata entitled, "Trial by
Jury," under the supervision of Leo Coop
er, "in the open air on the grounds in front
of the hotel. A dance in the hall com
pleted a most successful and entertain
ing evening.
The committee of guests elected Mrs.
W. Frank Pierce as chairman and Mrs.
E. C. Auld as secretary. The following
committees were appointed: Refresh
ments—Mesdamea Dariing, Uharles Watt,
\Y. L. Leonard, J. K. Simms, T. F. Mes
i sick, P. N. Lilienth.il. Mrs. Mulcahy, Mips
I Dean, W. E. Mathews,- Misses Minnie anil
Clara Black. Finance-^Mesdamea Coatee,
Hen Shaw, Dr. Kahn, Miss Lilian Schro
der. Sal^ of tickets— Mrs. Elsie Lilienthai,
Mollie Mathews, Rose Walter, Miss Pierce
and Hazel Pierce. Ushers— Dr. Kahn,
Messrs. J. V. de Laveaga, Cantell and W.
11. Doming. Dancing— Mr. R. McDonald.
Floor director for office— P. N. Lilienthai,
H. Shaw and i: C. Auld. Decorations—
Mesdames W. S. Leake, Charles Pierce,
O. K. Hopkins and H. K. Zelmer, Dr.
Kahn, Misses Elsie Lilienthai, Hose Wal
trr, Mrs. J. J. Spieker, Mrs. Ed. Short.
Mrs. W. Croates, Misses Georgie Spieker,
Florence Dresbarh and Mollie Mathews.
The programme was as follows: "A
Lesson in Whist," Roy McDonald, Harri
son Hegdc-r, Miss Margaret Collier and
Miss Martha Butler in th'> cast; "Trial by
Jury." R. S. Rodman baritone, Mrs. M.
R. "Chamberlnln soprano. F. B. Collier
tenor, Charles Young basso, Williard
SToung baritone.
Nearly $S0 was cleared.
PRESENTS FROM VICTORIA.
Maurice Grau and His Company Are
Highly Honored.
LONDON. June 28.— The Queen has prf
sented Mr. Maurice Grail with a scarf ptn,
in memory of his production of "Romeo
and Juliet" at Windsor Castle last night.
Madame Eames, Edouard de Reszke and
Salyea were in the cast. Mr. Grau has
thedistinction of being the first American
manager to arrange an opera for Her Ma
jesty, who personally thanked him anu
also presented, scarf pins to the stars.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Physicians, W^~W L™^ll ears
Specialists. ■^jP^Sp^^^^'l^^jL Success.
Private C«—* V^-^^ Modern
Laboratory. Jop^%^fi ' 40B<^ Methods.
No FO^i^^^jL**^^ Thousands
-Consultation, swf© Home.
Sufferers who treat with this great medical institution have
many advantages. The five doctors who compose the staff are all
specialists, and all consult when a cure is undertaken. The latest
and most improved methods, remedies and appliances are used.
Call or write for symptom blanks and books for men or women.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS, :
A Staff of Skilled Physicians and Surgeons,
731 MARKET ST., San Francisco. | "^"ftJVs^^l'to v.
OREGON HAS A
BIG SENSATION
Fou r Prom i nent Lawyers
Arrested.
THEFT OF BALLOTS CHARGED
MISSING COUNTY CLERK IMPLI-
CATED.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALEM, Or., June 23.— The biggest
legal sensation sprung in Oregon since
1876 developed this evening in the ar
rest of P. H. Darcy (Dem.), late fusion
candidate for Circuit Judge; his part
ner, S. T. Richardson; his brother, W.
J. Darcy, and John A. Carson, all
prominent attorneys and substantial
men, socially and financially. Richard
son is dean of the Willamette Univer
sity Law School.
The arrests were made on a charge of
forging public documents, in tamper
ing with ballot boxes in the County
Clerk's office, and changing the ballots
and returns for the purpose of electing
P. H. Darcy as Judge, there being a
close contest between him and R. P.
Boise, P.ipulist fellow-candidate on the
fusion ticket. There were two Judges
to be elected in this district, comprising
five counties. One, the Republican,
had a clear majority, and for sec
ond place Boise and Darcy ran so close
as to make the result doubtful.
The arrests this evening at 8 o'clock
caused an immense sensation, and pub
lic interest is at fever heat. The ac
cused demanded an immediate hearing,
and the preliminary hearing progressed
as fast as possible to-night. County
Clerk Ehlen is also implicated, but he
left here hurriedly on the morning of
June 20 and htis not been seen since,
nor is his whereabouts known.
The principal witness against the ac
cused is J. W. Roberts, night watch
man at the Courthouse, who testified
that on Saturday evening, June 11,
Clerk Ehlen and Lawyers Carson and
Richardson came into the Courthouse
at 10:30 and went to the room where
the ballot boxes of the various pre
cincts of the county were stored; that
soon after Carson came down stairs
and invited the watchman to take a lit
tle walk, which he did, going to a
restaurant two blocks away, where
they sat down to supper.
The -watchman suddenly thought
that something was wrong, and he
hastily, excused himself and returned
to the Courthouse, where he saw Clerk
Ehlen going toward Darcy & Rich
ardson's office with a bundle under his
arm. After reaching the Courthouse
the watchman saw Richardson coming
out of the room where the ballot boxes
were, lock the floor and go away. The
watchman later went into the room
and found three ballot boxes open and
the ballot spread out on the table. He
saw a light in Darcy & Richardson's
otnee, which is in sight of the Court
house, until 1 o'clock in the morning,
and about that hour saw P. H. Darcy
going home from there. Two days
later he met Darcy. .and In conversa
tion the latter said to him: "Keep
your own counsel."
After cross examination the case was
adjourned till morning.
m HUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Eesponsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Iffl
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Correspond Ing T'lth Any of the FollrTlngr Firms Please Mention "The CalL"
ART GLASS.
California Art Glass. Bending and Cutting
Works, 103-105 Mission St., cor. Spear.
Embossing. Staining. Beveling. Wm.
Schroeder, Pres. Telephone. Main 868.
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
ARTIFICIAL LIMBS.
IICM7CI CDDIKfi Proprietor. Send for meas-
iUcrUVl JlliinUure blanks. U. S. Commis-
Elon, 9 Geary St., 8. F.
ARTISTIC FURNITURE.
CIWIT *• CrHIWm CD Hank. Office and Saloon
riPlAajtniriULCn, Fittings, 1309 Market
st. Telephone South ?67. :.-;-*- : --' "■■ ■
AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock FJI I ID & ffl ll Montsrnmery St..
Auctioneers. IiILLII (X Wv- San Francisco.
BATHING SUITS.
fe . C/^l^ A 193 Post St.
W* > «>»'***« r W HEAD-
KNIWINGCQ.- qua f r t r
BATHING SUITS, SWEATERS.
PKRPECT-FITTING
Silk, Woolen and Linen Mesh Underwear.
BELTING.
LD T)EnEN Manufacturer of Belting and
. I*. UfcOfcN, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
Agent for Rubber Belting and Packing.
BICYCLES.
'98 Model Cleveland Bicycles
Sell for $50, $65 and $75. Crescents, In Men's
and Ladles' $35. Second-hand Wheels, $10 and
up. LEAVITT & BILL, 303 Larkin street.
BOILER MAKERS.
UW. J. Brady's Patent
DETACH ABLB
MUD iDPWM
for Steam Boilers,
Manufactured by
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor. '
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO HEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
BOOKBINDERS.
T D MrVniTYBl? Bookbinder and Printer.
J. Di lubllUiilJi. 422 Commercial street.
CAMPING AND OUTING GOODS.
GUNS AND FISHING TACKLE.
CLABROUGH, GOLCHER & CO.
53S Mnrket Street.
SEND FOR CATALOGUE.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564. ,
COPPERSMITH.
.Tosyph Fox. Supt. . H. Blyth. Mgr-
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington .St. Telephone, Main 5641.
CORSETS. WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR.
'< Vi~c Hli £*REB £d) EQUIPOISE WAISTS.
IrIrS.ITI.H.ODCa C t». 34 Peary st.,Tel. Red 1401
COSTUMERS.
GOLDSTEIN & CO., costumers; wi»?s; play-
books. 733 Market street. Telephone Main 1015.
DENTIST.
PR- C- W- RICHARDS. $*.*%£«&«,.
DRAYAGE.
McNAB & SMITH.
Draymen, Mercantile Warehouse.
Stands— 2os Davis St. and Corner Fifth
and Bluxome Sts. Telephone, Main 1872.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDIN6TON & CO, S^ffilfc?;
EYES EXAMINED.
BERTELING OPTICAL COMPANY,
Scientific Opticians and Manufacturers of
Optical Goods, 14 and 16 Kearny street.
$Fy C For 4 Rooms
I O Furniture,
CONSISTING
PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-
ROOM AND KITCHEN.
Extension Tables. $4.00
Carpets ... i .. 40c
Combination Bookcases. .. $6.00
Goods sold on easy payments. Catalogues
mailed free. Free Deliver- across the bay.
X. BRILLIANT,
Telephone Main 1850. 338 and 340 Post Street.
A young- lady of my acquaintance in St Louis' was
for a long time a chronic sufferer from dyspepsia. She
used to make use of a mixture prepared by the druggist
where the family traded, but one time when the supply
was exhausted and she was absent from home and had
not a copy of the prescription with her, she was- at a loss
to know what to do and I recommended her to make
trial of Ripans Tabules. She purchased some and was so
greatly benefited by their use that she has been a regulaf
pistomer and a walking advertisement for them ever siac^
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON,
407-409 Montgomery st.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FIREWORKS.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.: only maker*
on the coast. 219 Front St.; tal. Front 38.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS ROYFS &f ft Shipping Butcher., IN
DUIC3 H. WU,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FLOUR.
NATION A I Flour Mlllß - j - MarteMtein & C*.
nAUunAL s.W. cor. Battery and Pacific
HARDWARE.
DALACE Hardware Co., Importers & Dealers
x in Hardware, 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln rt.. B. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer* of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Btirgrles,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedlev. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS, 136 Butt«r St-
San Francisco. Telephone Main 917.
LIME JUICE AND CORDIALS
MADE purely of limes and lemon» in bottles
and cases. L. Q. Sresovlch Co.. 621 Sinioma at.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital, $4,000,000.
SYZ & CO., A B ent».
301 California rt.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF F.FRNHARn Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
HIE DCAllUAftll Bt . Telephone Main 1874.
. OPTICAL GOODS.
TT lIVIIV Headquarters for fine Jewelry an*
• LVIMJI, full 18-K. Wedding Ring*. 4 3d rt.
PAPER DEALERS.
W!l I AMFTTF pulp and paper co.,
I? I LLMIYI L I I L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOMLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
17 OT)A¥ Agency. Reloading:, developing, print-
IVUI/AlYinc. T. P. Andrews, 109 Montgomery.
REAL ESTATE.
G. If. UMBSEN & CO..
HEAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st-
, SEWING MACHINES. *
nnW!EQTIP" Pre-eminently th» machln«for
UUiTiLOIIU (amir/ use. 1021 Market •treat,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
QD I ITf V * fft 123 California street.
■ 11, Ltd (X itV,, room 37. Tel. Main IKL
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel cc o B phlc PARTRIDGE, aoc^Cgtt.
THE HICKS JUDD CO- SSg c a i -a B gSt * t
TAILOR AND IMPORTER.
Rooms THACRIICC Claus Sprecke!*
407, 403 409, 410 VIIA J DLI J- mjg., 4th Floor.
TARTAR WORKS.
£\ALIFORNI A TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR, Manager.
Office 318 Front Street, San Francisco.
TYPE FOUNDERS.
PACIFIC States Type Foundry, successor*
to Hawks 4 Shattuck. The Home Industry
House. 60S Clay st.
WAGONS AND TRUCKS.
HENRY B. SCHINDLER. manufacturer of
carriages, buggies, etc.; repairing done la
first-class style at fair prices for good work.
• 12S Spear St.: tel. Main 295.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WINES AND LIQUORS.
GO to T. M. FERGUSON. 733 Market *t.
Wholesale and retail Special 15-ytar-olii
I Hermitage. Near Claus Spreckels building.
000000000000000000
j»w PALACE '•«"?
GRAND hotels*
Q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
w Connected by a covered passageway. "
O 1400 Rooms— POO With Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
Q NOTE THE PUCES: O
-. European Flan.Sl.OO per day and upward M
W American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward O
Q Correspondence Solicited. ' A
q JOHN 0. KIBKPATRIOK, Mutftr. Q
000000000000000000
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THi
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
' •trengtb to the sexual organs.
34
STATE TROOPS
LEAVING HOME
Great Demonstrations in
. Coast Towns.
STREETS OF SAN JOSE PACKED
SAN EAFAEL NEVER SAW SUCH
ENTHUSIASM.
Bousing Send-Off for Colonel Hen
shaw at Chico— Two Companies
in Each of Which Ara
Three Brothers.
SAN JOSE, June 28.— A reign of pa
triotism seized the Garden City this
morning and business v.as cast aside
to do honor to Company B, Fifth Regi
ment, N. G. C, which departed for Oak
land to join the new regiment that is to
be offered as part of California's quota
to the second call for troops. The sub
jects of a kingdom never paid more
regal tribute to a ruler than did the
people of this city to the departing sol
dier boys. Company B had been wait
ing patiently to be called to do battle
for its country, and when a few days
ago the longed-for word, was received
there was great joy in the armory.
Enthusiasm and pride rapidly spread
among the citizens, and for the last
day or two nothing has been too good
for the militiamen.
Last evening the Dewey Club gave
the boys a farewell reception at the
armory, speech-making and light re
freshments being the features of the oc
casion. This morning the town was
awake earlier than usual to honor the
departing soldiers, and when the hour
of leaving came the streets were alive
with people. Flags were Hying and
many of the business houses were deco
rated and the whole town presented an
animated scene. Patriotism pervaded
the air and the boys were given a
royal send-off. The line of inarch was
thronged, and pretty girls in summer
Euits bade a loving farewell to the
town's prides.
For the past month preparations for
the occasion had been progressing un
der the auspices of Phil Sheridan Wo
man's Relief Corps, and it is to these
ladies and Grand Marshal T. F. Mor
rison that the success of the celebration
Is due. The executive committee of
Phil Sheridan Relief Corps in charge
of the matter was Mrs. Hugh McL
Porter, Mrs. Low Tripp and Mrs.
"vVarthen.
Company B was escorted to the depot
by the Grand Army Posts and the aux
iliary societies, the order of parade be
ing as follows: Fifth Regiment Band,
Phil Sheridan Post. G. A. R.; John A.
Dix Post, Phil Sheridan Woman's Re
lief Corps, John A. Dix Woman's Re
lief Corps, Ladies of the G. A. R. and
Sons and Daughters of Veterans. The
second division was headed by the
Marine Band, followed by city officials.
Red Cross Society, San Jose Hussars,
school children and Dewey Club, drum
corps and Knights Templar. Then
came Company B, surrounded by their
close friends.
At the depot the crowd was the
largest ever seen in the city. Here the
boys were cheered and another good-by
was paid. There were many tearful
eyes as the train pulled out amid the
blessings of the people.
Company B was presented with a
beautiful silk flag by the Red Cross
Society this morning before leaving.
The flag was a present from the Ma
sonic fraternity and the presentation
speech was made by Miss Lois Peck
ham.
The company is under command of
Captain H. L. Partridge. L. A. de Yoe
Is first lieutenant and F. S. Munn is
second lieutenant. Besides the full
company of 106 men about twenty-five
extra men were taken along to fill out
other companies of the brigade.
In • the company are three Frost
brothers — Erwln E., George O. and
Arthur C. They are sons of Erwin
Frost, the well-known detective, and
are aged respectively 26, 24 and 21 years.
It Is believed there is not another com
pany in the State going to the front
with three brothers on its roll.
SAN RAFAEL, June 28.— Company D
Is off to the war. and many a mother's
heart is sorrowing In this city to-night.
Jt was an inspiring sight to see the
boys march from the armory to the
broad gauge depot to take the 9:20
train for Fruitvale this morning. The
route was lined with townspeople,
many having come In from the neigh
boring towns and stations to witness
the departure.
Flags were waved from housetops, on
the streets, in carriages and by riders
of wheels. At the depot, gaily decor
ated with bunting and flags, an im
mense crowd assembled to give the vol
unteers a parting salute, and it was
given with a will.
Many sympathetic eyes were turned
upon Mrs. Barrow, for she parted with
three sons, all strapping, stalwart fel
lows—Sergeant Joseph, Albert and Eu
gene.
At the depot George D. Shearer
mounted the platform of a car and an
nounced that throue-h the kindness of
A. W. Foster, president of the road, all
who wished might ride fr^e to Tiburon
and back. This was greeted with a
fresh outburst of applause and many
took advantage of the privilege. At
Tiburon the boys were joined by Com
pany E of Santa Rosa, which followed
them on to the steamer TTkiah. When
near the ferry slip at Han Francisco
the two companies lined up and gave
three hearty cheerß for President Fos
ter, three for the flag and three for Un
cle Sam.
Last evening a hall was given the
boys in the armory, and there It was
announced that over $650 had been con
tributor! by "citizens of the county to
purchase essentials for the company
not provided by the Government.
SANTA ROSA. June 28.— When Cap
tain C. E. Haven, at the head of his
company of volunteers, formerly Com
pany E, Fifth Regiment. N. G. C.
marched from the armory to the depot
this morning the band playing and the
crowd cheering it was through a dense
ly packed mass of humanity all the
way. Shortly after 6 o'clock people be
ADVERTTSEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears* soap is noth-
ing but soap.
Pure soap is as gen-
tle as oil to the living
skin.
gan pouring In from the surrounding
country and by 7 o'clock the * streets
were crowded. The company marched
from the armory to the Court House,
where it was halted, decorated with
flowers and shown other attentions.
The march was then resumed to the
depot, whe*re the men embarked on the
7:40 train for Camp Barrett, Oakland.
Captain Haven has 146 men in his com
mand. When mustered in the extra
men will be available for other com
panies that happen to be short of ma
terial.
RED BLUFF, June 28.— Fifteen
young men of this city responded to a
call for volunteers to join Company A
of Chico and were examined and went
to Chico this morning to enlist.
They will serve with Colonel Park
Henshaw.
CHICO, June 28.— The people of Chico
and vicirrity never before witnessed
such a display of patriotism as was
seen in Chico to-night on the departure
of Colonel Henshaw and gallant Com
pany A. The ladies of the Red Cross
had prepared a benefit entertainment,
which was given this evening before an
audience of 2000 people. The most in
teresting part of the programme was
the presentation of a gold-mounted
saber and a pair of field glasses given
by the citizens of Chico to Colonel Hen
shaw. The people shouted until they
could shout no more and the cheering
was kept up until the boys boarded the
train for Camp Barrett.
AUGUSTI'S GLOOMY
MESSAGE TO MADRID
Position of Doomed Manila's Defend
ers Continues to Grow More
Desperate.
MADRID, June 28.— The Government
has received the following dispatch
from Captain General Augustl, dated
Manila, June 23:
"The situation is still as grave as
ever. I continue to maintain my posi
tion inside the line of blockhouses, but
the enemy is increasing in numbers, as
the rebels occupy the provinces, which
are surrendering. Torrential rains are
inundating the intrenchments, render
ing the work of defense difficult. The
numbers of sick among the troops are
increasing, making the situation very
distressing and causing increased de
sertions of the native soldiers.
"It Is estimated that the insurgents
number 30,000 armed with rifles and
10,000 armed with swords, etc.
"Aguinaldo has summoned me to sur
render, but I have treated his proposals
with disdain, for I am resolved to
maintain the sovereignty of Spain and
the honor of the tlag to the last ex
tremity.
"I have over 1000 sick and 200
wounded.-
"The citadel has been invaded by the
suburban inhabitants, who have aban
doned their homes, owing to the bar
barity of the rebels. These inhabitants
constitute an embarrassment, aggra
vating the situation, in view of the
bombardment, which, however, is not
seriously apprehended for the moment.
"The Governor of the Viscaya and
Mindano Islands cables that he has de
feated the insurgents in an engage
ment, during which Chief Arco, Agui
naldo's representative, was killed. He
adds that tranquillity now prevails
throughout these islands and he further
asserts that the principal Malay chiefs
of the Mindano group declare they de
sire to fight on the side of the Spaniards
against the invaders.
"According to our advices the emis
saries sent out to seek General Monet's
column of 1000 men returned after a
fruitless search.
"Captain General Augusti's family Is
still in the hands of the insurgents.
"General Pena, with 1000 soldiers, has
surrendered. His soldiers, most of
whom are natives, Joined the insur
gents. A majority of the detachments
in the Island of Luzon have surren
dered, owing to their lack of food,
though some succeeded in escaping.
"Numerous Spaniards, including the
Governors of Batanga, Laguna and
Bulacan, have taken refuge at Cavlte.
"The rebels who are besieging Manila
exceed 25,000 men. The city is com
pletely isolated and the arrival of the
Spanish squadron is anxiously awaited,
for the position of Manila is untenable.
"Small rebel craft navigate the bay,
conveying prisoners to Cavite."
AMBITIOUS PROJECT
OF THE LITTLE HIST
Auxiliary Cruiser Wants Permission
to Capture the Purissima
Concepcion.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Got
don Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 28.— The
auxiliary cruiser Hist left Port Anto
nio for Santiago this afternoon. Lieu
tenant Lucien Young, her commander,
came to Kingston to consult Consul
Bent about the Spanish steamer Puris
sima Concepcion, now supposed to be
in an inlet near Trinidad, Cuba. As a
result he started for the fleet with the
pilot who took the Purissima Concep
cion from Kingston.
If Admiral Sampson consents the
Hist may capture the Purissima Con
cepcion, although the converted yacht
draws more water than the Spanish
steamer. She wishes to take a prize and
is willing to run under the Spanish
guns and shell the fort she has to pass
if necessary to take the Purissima
Concepcion. The greatest difficulty Is
that the Hist is able to carry very lit
tle coal— barely five days' supply at the
best — and cannot run more than thir
teen knots an hour under favorable
circumstances.
FOUR ALLEGED SPIES
PLACED UNDER ARREST
Believed to Have Been Obtaining
Information About Atlantic
Coast Fortifications.
ATLANTA, Ga., June 28.— Four sup
posed Spanish spies reached Fort Mr-
Pherson to-day. One of them is Private
J. Glenhurst of the Fourth Army Corps.
He is supposed to have entered the
army to enable him to carry on his se
cret operations without attracting sus
picion. He was arrested at Tampa,
and pending Investigation of the
charges against him was sent to Fort
MoPherson.
The other suspects are officially
known as Thoribio Negrin, a deserter
from the Spanish navy; Jose Martinez
and Juan Rodriguez, alias "Spanish
John." They are thought to have been
obtaining information about the forti
fications at Typee for the use of the
Spanish Government.
RUSSIAN NEWSPAPERS
CHANGING THEIR TONE
Growing Fear of an Anglo-American
Alliance Creates Respect for
This Country.
ST. PETERSBURG, June 28.— 1n
view of the continued improvement of
the military position of the United
States the newspapers here are chang
ing their tone to friendship for America
and now speak with contemptuous pity
of Spain, the reason being, it 1b alleged,
the growing fear of a possible Anglo-
American alliance. The Russian press,
however, does not think Buch an alli
ance is probable, and predicts that the
victory of the United States over Spain
will lead the former into a colonial
policy, which will eventually result In
a conflict with Great Britain.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JTOTE 29, 1898.
HARDER TASK
FOR THE SHIPS
Extension of the Cuban
Blockade.
PROCLAMATION BY M'KINLEY
SAN JUAN ALSO WILL BE
CUT OFF. ,
Formal Notice to the World That
Shipping Will Not Be Per
mitted to Enter Closed
Ports.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The Presi
dent has issued a proclamation extend
ing the blockade of Cuba to the south
ern coast, from Cape Frances to Cape
Cruz inclusive, and also blockading San
Juan de Porto Rico. The proclamation
is as follows:
I Whereas, For the reasons set forth in
my proclamation of April L"J, 1898, a block-
I ade of ports on the northern coast of Cu
| ba, from Cardenas to Uahia Honda mi
i elusive, and of the port of CienfuegOfl on
ihe south coast of Cuba, was declared to
have been Instituted; and, whereas, it has
been considered desirable to extend the
blockade to other southern ports; now,
Therefore, i, William McKiniey, Presi
dent of the United States, do hereby de
clare and proclaim that, in addition to the
blockade of the ports specified in my proc
lamation of April 22, Ib9B, the United
Stairs of America has instituted and will
maintain an effective blockade of all the
ports on the south coast of Cuba, from
Cape Frances to Cape Oruz inclusive, ana
also of the port of San Juan, in the Island
of Porto Kico.
Neutral vessels Iving in any of the ports
to which the blockade is by the present
proclamation extended, will be allowed
thirty days to issue therefrom with cargo.
In witness whereof, etc.
WILLIAM M'KINLEY,
President of the United States of America,
June 2\ 1898.
By the President:
J. B. MOORE,
Acting Secretary of State.
By the proclamation Issued to-day
the President cave notice of the inten
tion of the Government to assume the
formidable task of blockading about 500
miles of Cuban coast line in addition to
the section already blockaded, 'lhis in
creases the extent of the blockade fully
fourfold, it having been confined here
tofore to a stretch of a little more than
100 miles on the north and the single
port of Cienfuegos on the south coast
of the island.
The vessels for the additional block
ade service will be supplied entirely
from the patrol fleet, which, under
Commodore Howell, has been guarding
the North Atlantic coast from Maine to
South Carolina. This service has been
abandoned because the only available
Spanish warships are with Admiral Ca
mara, thousands of miles away from
the nearest point on the Atlantic coast.
The vessels are already on their way
southward, having been re-enforced by
several of the new torpedo-boats, which
are particularly adapted because of
their light draft for blockade duty in
the shallow waters lying -between the
Isle of Pines and Cuba.
The blockade of San Juan, proclaimed
to-day, is In reality already in effect,
having been initiated by Captain Sigs
bee last week, when he turned back
from that port a British steamer laden
with supplies. The difficulty of main
taining a blockade at this port, in the
face of the Spanish forts and three
Spanish war vessels in the harbor,
would be considerable had not Captain
Sigsbee, by disabling the Terror made
the task easier. As it is, the character
of the vessels required to maintain the
blockade at Sen Juan necessarily must
be of a type superior to the ships re
quired for the blockade on the south
ern coast of Cuba. Probably some of the
vessels as the Detroit or the Montgom
ery will be assigned to the task.
BATTLESHIP O'HIGGINS
NOT SOLD TO SPAIN
Absurd War Rumor Quickly Punc
tured by a Denial From
Chile.
Br* f ''nl fable to The Call and the New York
HeraM. Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gor
don Bennett.
VALPARAISO DE CHILE, June
28.— The London report that the Chilean
warship O'Higgins haa been sold to
Spain is absurd. The warship is now
on its way between St. Vincent and Rio
de Janeiro. Chile will not sell any of
her warships.
WASHINGTON, June 28.— The O'Hig
gins has not been sold to Spain, and
positive information has reached here
that Chile will not sell the ship to any
Government.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
through neg-
f ~^»lect has sacn-
"" "need his health
and wrecked his body, and through the
tnerits of a medicine is picked up alive
md restored to health has had an almost
equally wonderful experience. There are
thousands of men, who have for years over-
worked themselves to the neglect of their
health, and then when utterly wrecked
in body and shattered in nerve have
been picked up and restored to health by
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
It is a marvelous remedy that correct*
all disorders of the digestion, invigorates
the liver, and fills the blood with the life-
giving elements that build new flesh and
muscle. It is the great blood-maker and
flesh-builder. It cures 98 per cent, of all
cases of consumption and is a specific for
diseases due to disorders of the digestion
or imperfect nutrition. Druggists sell it.
"Myself and wife." writes Mr. H. G. Adam 9,
of Turners Station, Henry Co., Kt., "have taken
6ve bottles of your ' Golnen Medical Discovery '
and ' Favorite Prescription. 1 The medicines are
curing both of us. we can't say too much for
them or for you. My wife persuaded me to quit
the doctor here and try one bottle of your ' Gold-
en Medical Discovery.' I did so, and I thank God
for it. I hay« recommended it highly to many of
my neighbor*. I told them that if it did not do
them one dollar's worth of good that I would pay
for it.
"I will give you a Httle statement of ray own
case. I was enervated, could hardly get up In
the morning, never got a whole night's sleep, wa»
short of breath, had a tight feeling In the stom-
ach, and was restless. I would throw up my
food, and had numerous other ailments which I
have not time to write about now. I now> feel
better and look better than ever before La
my life."
Dr. Pierces Pleasant Pellets are the sur-
est, safest, quickest cure for constipation.
They never frripe. One little " Pellet " is a
gentle laxative, and two a mild cathartic.
Substitutes are sometimes dangerous, and
always cause discomfort.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads where there are no postal facilities can have The Call thrown off
at their camp by sending name and location of camp to The Call Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH = RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs,
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling. Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shuffleboard, Liver* and Burro* for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $14
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 i>*r
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. Cat
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC_ ISLAND I
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure without a
counterpart In America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing In the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stag* rid*.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music, ii*. -inc. pyrotechnics, watar
carnival, *tr.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments: efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July 1. SPLENDID AKHANGEMENT
for campers.
Full information, rates and Illustrated pam-
phlets.
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 SOUTH SPRING ST.,
.' • ' Los Anseles. Cal.
SARATOGA SPEEIGS.
Lake County, Cal,
Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
unrivaled. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in San Francisco, 416 Pine street, F.
A. BUSSR.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, flae waters
and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paraiso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market St.. S. F., $8; trains leave dally
at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad.
For terms and free pamphlet address R.
ROBERTSON, Manager.
01/1000 noT SFRINOS, Sonoma Co
\h iihn.\ Only *v> hours from 8. F. an!
UIVnUUU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
ttreams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally- mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 BO; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:80 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, %t a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. F. MULGREW. Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
S&i£3\; LAKE COUNTY. ,
This delightful watering place is located la
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral spring*, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. 110.
JOHN SPAULDINO. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDINQ. Manager.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL bpoi in lake COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar-
velous cures when everything else failed, es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH, LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER? affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations;. $8 to $10 per we»lt:
roods excellent: - good ■ trout' fishing and deer
buntlne on property. For particulars write W.
R. McGOVERN, Carlsbad, Lake County.
AGUA CALIENTE' SPRINGS HOTEL. >
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F...vla rib-
uron ferry. -Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Hotel completely remodeled and refur-
nished. Water, gad, electric bells. TVites $10 to
$12 per week. $2 per day. Address AQUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS, Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co..
Cal. - ■ ' . -. . ' - • : ■
HOTEL BENVENUE, 5.
Lokcport, Cal.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fin*
large grounds; special facilities for families
snd children: home cooking, boating, bathing.
fishing; rates reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES. r
DUNCAN SPRINGS. ,
Two miles from Hopland; uneu.ua.ied . soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottages; term* 10 to *12 per week
Telephone. Buy through tickets. O. HOWKLL
Proprietor. Hopland. Cal. •-
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
Good cheer and home comforts. Best location
for driving to all points of : Interest on or near
the I lake. Boats : free to I guests. For circular
and terms address K. B. SMITH & CO., Bijou
Pustoilice, Cal. . ■ . . •■. ■ .
DEER PARK INN
(Lake Tahoe). ■ elevation : 6&07 - f eeet, opens June
1 Fine accommodations. Cottages with pri-
vate baths and open fires.' Table unsurpassed.
R. R. rates. $13 60 for . ROUND TRIP. r J. 9.
t-tsBT. room l. Flood building. Ban Francisco.
HAYWAROS.
IF YOU...
[ T ~l Are seeking for a de-
x^V-v. . Ughtful and healthful
-^tjSs?|jgsa|. resort for the summer
<KS5v- »~ —Pi^ik. months for your family,
fSr^g^wrws»T ; #-^T not " remote from
tisitffl P5" W9 'WlifW town but that you ran
f«UgEiAti # l«f| be with them without
I " *> — J neglecting your busi-
ness.
IF YOU . . « . . Are in search of a good
table and comfortable sleeping apartments
only V-> hours' travel from San Francisco, with
half hourly communication, day and evening;
IF IT IS ... Your wish to confine
your summer's outing by a moderate outlay,
your attention is directed to
Htywards Park, at the Terminus of the Oakland,
San Leandro and Hazards Electric Railway.
Off IF YOU . . Are fond of tenting,
here you will find a large number of commo-
dious platforms arranged convenient to the
hotel dining room, on one of which you may
erect your tent.
A choice musical programme Is rendered
every Sunday afternoon on the verandas of the
club house. The cars of the company run
Into the park. The monthly commutation rate
is only $d; room and board, $8 per week; board
for campers, $5 per week. Campers and room-
ers have the rame service from attendants.
Address MRS. DORA SHANE, Haywards
Club House. ■ £/.
RILROY HOT SPRINGS.
U/ x <
Under new management.
A ££$
MECCA , YE?
For the annual seeKer after
Repose and recuperation.
Only three and a half hours from San Francisco.
Stage connects with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsend street*.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Maison Tortonl and Poodle Dog
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
„>" -^Sfe? OAKLAND,
Wi£&§^S£- jj 3 {jj an(l jeg-erson Sts.
Wfe*^^'^we»M Only 35 minutes
Jt^W^'^PW from Sun Frun-
iMlr^^DSj3fo,!rj\l A Desirable Summer
V^?}££2Lila? and Winter Rosort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. briare, Prop, and Tourists.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
2 hours from S. P., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz: grounds and river lit by electric lights:
tennis, bowling, boating:, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room In Santa Crui
Mts.; club, billiard and smoking rooms. New,
hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
phone and telegraph service. Round trip, 13.
Addreps THOMAS L. BELL. Prop., South Bea
Lomond.
BEN LOMOND.
Private ■ boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, Cal.
HOWARD springs.
iIvIWAKIJ LAKE COUNT V
*f V ' " ■ ra *\~^ LAKECOUNTV
Accommodations unsurpassed.
- Rates, $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies. . Postofflce and telephone.
. Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific office. «11
Market street.
Address MRS. R. J. BEEBY.
ANGWIN'S.
■ .On Howell Mountain: elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; cbalybea.ta
and other springs; tennis, - croquet, riding,
driving, $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four houis from city. Telephone.
B. ANGWIN, Angwln. Napa County. Cat
:// TO «vUU LLttt ment go hand In
Ufrftftn at HOTEL *" treat-
UUUII LIVrV ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMjLN,
K-V M ' Lakeport, Cal. : '
A. H. SPURR, Proprietor.
TAMP MFFITFP The Popular Resort among
tAIUr iiILLR.Cn the Giant Redwoods of So-
noma County. Boating, • bathing and tent
grounds free; fine fishing; climate perfect.
Board and lodging. $3 60 and $6; unfurnished
rooms. $1 per week. Train stops at camp.
Via Sausallto ferry, round trip, $3; good for
ninety days. .
SUMMIT* SODA
SPRINGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation, 600» feet.
Dally' mail. Telephone connections. New ac-
commodations. Open June L Address GOUL-
DEN & JACOBS, Dormer, Placer Co., Cal.
BURLINGAME.
(San . Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort, from
June 11. Address IRA. Q. HOITT.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. - Relief for -asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms, 17 to $10. Send for circular to : ■
JOHANNISBERO RESORT, Napa, Cal.
SUmmER HO/VIE TpflßM. 1 .
Santa Crux Mountains, - first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting. and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
: distance telephone; campers' return tickets
|2 60. ; Send for circular to J. H. HAESTSR3.
Glenwood. Cal. / ■ : '. \ : -_ ".. ■'./■
El Paso de Robies Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
OTTO E. NEVER Proprietor
UISDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RE3IDENT PHYSICIAN.
HOT MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS,
SODA SPRINQS.
IRON SPRINGS.
NEW HOTEL AND COTTAGES. , '/
PAn> ORCHESTRA.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
mm springs,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST FLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOB
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs in America; all Kinds of amuse-
ments: new swimming tank, baths and bowl-
ing alley. First-class accommodations; rates
reasonable. Write for Illustrated pamphlets.
Ban Francisco office, 316 Montgomery strMt.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS. CaL
MURK. WEST SPRINGS-
The most picturesque resort in California. Has
the only grapevine arbor in the State; a va-
riety of mineral springs, snch as Soda, Sul-
phur. Magnesia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath;
swimming pool; billiards, fihufne-board, croquet
and other games. Accommodations first class;
table good. Round-trip $3 75. Stage meets
mornintr trains and Saturday evening 1 . Terms
J9 to $12 per week. Address FHESE & JUER-
GEN3EN.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. 6 Hours from San Frand»«v
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegaat
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS
Tepid Swimming .uake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 tad $15 per week: $3 and $2 58 per
nay. R. M. HORTON. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Seminar.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table. Clean beds and careful attention to
; patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The ideal spot for families because It la
clean, no poison oak, no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
]aj 4-*9 #1 No eta & ln to get there,
Ui I 1/1 no '° B> mosquitoes rr
411U winds when you are
there. Table unsurpassed.
_ Rates MO, $12. $14 a week.
M ••■'■■' Round trip tickets $7. W.
VfTPIfIfITC L - Mitchell. Manager;
jpnngs Lna, n ? wen Aeeau cmii
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on th« Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS.. Be»-
wlck. Sisklyou County, Cal.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious llmcts; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pur*
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sar.!«arlum. St. Helena. Cal.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds ot skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver, catarrh rheumatism and stomach
troubles immediately relieved: rates $10 to $is
per week. ' Long-distance telephone. Address
3. A. HAYS, Proprietor. Lake County.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
ing, fishing, boating, 'swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address MACK
& BURLINOAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay
Kelseyvllle, Lake County, CaL
HOTEL, IDE REDVA/OOD
■ In the Heart of the Santa Cruz Mountains
Improved Table Service. Reasonable Rates.
For Particulars Apply, to
■ ■ M. S. COX, Laurel Postofflce.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions : without limit. Pleasant
walks through shady canyons. Hunting and
fishing. Table supplied with fresh vegetables,
fruits, butter, milk and eggs. A delightful
country home. Free conveyance at depot. ft
per week. JOHN D. WINTER, Cloverdale. CaL
CALAVERAS^BIG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
way to Jamestown. : Fare 8. F. to Calavera*
Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH-
INGS. Agent, 30. Montgomery street.
¥if TOCALOMA. MM c \ riß
BERTRfIND HOTEL,;
First-class accommodations; reasonable rates;
fishing; beautiful : drives *to Bear Valley, «to.
JOSEPH F. BEKTRAND, or 324 . Kearny at. -
' . ■■■•■: ■ -■- : ... ■ . . -,-■-.: ..r ■-.■:• ■.*:.■- .^JV^isSHL
REDUCED RATES
ON
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
FOR FOURTH OF JULY HOLIDAYS
To All Points and Resorts in
SONOMA, MENDOGINO AND LAKE COUNTIES.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market street (Chronicle building),
or at General Office. Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
A. W. FOSTER,
President and General Manager.
R. X. RYAN. General Passenger Agent.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
Situated in the heart of the redwoods, four
miles from Glenwood, County of Santa Cruz.
Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
lawn tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage line 60c.
over a mountain boulevard, where the nice I
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties l^
■X-.n Address L. PERHACB. Glenwood.
TUSCAN SPRINGS, .
Tehama County. By rail to Red Blaft, Iff
miles; fare, $6 45; daily stage to springs, J
miles; fare. $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflca
in hotel; rates, $10 and' up; rend for book of
Information and testimonials. ED. B. WAl#>
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room. 130 ft. lake frontage; new
ctable and livery; boating and bathing .'ree:
$8 to $14 per week; round trip, $» 60. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. 0., Lake County. CaL
PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage Una.
Good trout fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more; grand ledwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front st., S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
TO the country we — We, •will meet you at
the depot: good accomodatlons; desirable lo-
cation; terms $7; children $3 SO. E. M. SHEL-
FORD, Pleasant View ranch. Cloverdale. CaL
WRITE W. H. MILLER. I'klah, 'or livery ac-
commodations to springs In Lake and Mea-
docino counties to save money.
T.HE
WEEKLY
GHLL
©/ It Publishes the Cream of thi^.
gj News of the Week and
,©< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BBST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE
) PACIFIC COAST
©) \ /
~J The Best \ / Mining
j Telegraphic \X . News That
°\ Service on /\ Is Accurate
ol The Coast / \4uptodaU
©< / V _
01 Not a Line of It Sensational
cJ or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 St Dr y or Uninteresting.
OC Bright, Clean. A Champ oil of
J' ' TUouifhtful. Truth.
5 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
ALLTHETIML
3IT ADVOCATES 1 SENT BT
HOME MAIL, 51.50
©{ INDUSTRIES 1 A YEAR.
J ?'*d££ii&Sk£*riß Blff f* la a non-polionoo«
<^^>^?7«^K3 f-. i mc . d3r for Gonorrhoea,
j^SyT CC^? Vi Gleet, Spermat o rrhcea!
«W i i"*'?Tw whites, unnatural dii-
JWf n P^*^* M or any inflamma-
■ ■rroTBUM coni»p«^ tt > Qa of g, nco v 8 men*.
fi>V HEtVAHS Ghemiqu Co. oranes. Non-astringent.
IJJLOiNCINNATI.Q.W I S«ld by OrncsiiU,
XXr/JV V. 3. A. JWr? lent in plain wrapper,
»?~? XVTt "i Prepaid. fo»
V*flH MSS^m fh°°'fir 3 bottles, 13.73.
lalff||l *'*^O , ■* Circular Mat on raquait.
■ 'OPIUM.
The pore essential extract from the native any. O»
n JL R , «♦! Tlnlu»b'<'T 1 nlu » b '<' medicinal properties o7 '
ri i, noitlol " 1 elements. y o slckneu cf «tom*ohi
»o vonut4nc mo oogtiTcnew ' no headache All Dnnrirlgtg,MERRITT SAILS FOR MANILA
TO=DAY ON A FAST STEAMER
YESTERDAY Major General
Merritt. Governor General of
the Philippines, transferred the
command of the forces in San
Francisco belonging to the
Eitrhth Army Corps to Major General
Otis and will Pail fur Manila on the
Steamship Newport to-day.
General Merritt goes to the front In
the Orient on a fast steamer, and
phould reach Manila without danger of
being intercepted by any cruiser which
Admiral Camaru might be ab' to de
tach from the Spanish fleet now at the
Suez canal.
Orders have been given to hasten the
organization and departure of the
fourth expedition from San Francisco.
Dispatches from the East report that
the First New York Regiment has been
ordered to this city. This regiment and
the Eighth California will probably
form the fifth expedition.
CAMP BARRETT IS
WELL ESTABLISHED
Four Companies of the Regi
ment Now Under Can
vas.
(AMP BARRETT, Oakland. June
88.— Four companies, comprising the First
Battalion of what will be the Eighth Reg-
Iment, California Volunteer Infantry, ure
now in camp, and the force will be aug
mented by the companies of the Second
lon to-morrow. The remaining four
companies will pitch their tents Thurs
day.
Every detail for the welfare .of the men,
and th>' speedy organization of the regl
ment lias been arranged; the location of
. company has been marked <mt, and
they, will go undi ■• canvas with Little con
fusion. Lieutenant-Colonel Carrington
has already prepared the regimental and
battalion formation according to the Ben
iorlty of the company commanders, and
nated the letters by which they will
1..- known In th< new regiment. All the
companies drawn from the Fifth Infantry
retain ;:.•:•■ original letter, as do three of
tli. .-i\ coi S< nd. In the
Eighth, i- of Woodland, will become Com
i County, X and D of
Marysville, Company 1,. The formation
by battalions is as. follows:
FIRST BATTALION.
Hanking Company Regiment New
Conirany. anil Location. Letter.
1 U, Fifth Infantry. *•'" Rafael D
2.. ..A, Second Infantry, Woo A
a F. Second Infantry, Woodland M.
4 E, Fifth Infantry. Santa Rosa E
SECOND BATTALION.
1....8. Fifth Infantry. San Jose B
! I, Second Infantry, Grass Valley I
3..-..C, Fifth Infantry, Petaluma C
4 li, Fifth Infantry. Alumeda G
THIRD BATTALION.
li.-.'.8, Second Infantry, Colusa X
2 K. Fifth Infantry, Oakland F
K....H. Second Infantry, Redding II
4... . L), Second [nfantry, Marysville L
Camp Barrett is an Ideal spot for the
location of a military command. Situated
a: the intersection of San Leandro road
and High street, hardly 100 yards from
Mather Station, it Is reached by three
lints of electric cars and is less than half
a mile from Fruitvale station on the
steam road. The camp Is on an Immense
field; bard, smooth and level as a floor.
Plenty of space has been allowed for the
company, officers and headquarters
streets, and ample room remains for drill
ing the entire regiment In extended order.
Quartermaster Heller had charge of lay
ing out the camp, and performed his work
to the entire satisfaction of everybody. It
is but a short distance from the estuary
and Lake' Menritt, so the men have tine
facilities for bathing, while the breeze
that blows up the estuary every afternoon
is soft and balmy, compared to the half
gale that sweeps over Camp Merritt. mak
ing it Just cool enough to be invigorating
and thoroughly enjoyable, while log is a
rarity.
Lieutenant Colonel Carrington is In
command of the camp at present, but he
expects Colonel Henshaw to arrive to
morrow morning from Chico. Colonel
Carrington's long 1 service on Governor
Budd's staff has brought him into contact
with all the company officers now In camp
and the most & rdial relations exist be
tween them.
Colonel Carrington and Liieutenan 1 . Hel
ler are the only officers here who have
been appointed to positions in the new
regiment, with the exception of the sir
geons, who, with Captain Murray, Fourth
United States Cavalry, are busy as bt-.os
preparing for the mustering in of the
troops. Adjutant Smith of the Fifth In
fantry has been detailed for temporary
duty at Cr-mp Barrett and is acting as ad
jutant. He is a candidate for the posi
tion of regimental adjutant, but Governor
Budd has not indicated yet who be will
name or the position, although he made
Bovcrsil appointments to-day.
The first and most important was that
of District Atorney William B. Barnes of
San Francisco, who has been given the
captaincy o: the Petaluma company.
Barnes has accepted the appointment and
■will report foi duty to-morrow, when his
company will arrive.
■ Cyrus L. Meggett was appointed first
lieutenant. He has not been assigned, but
will piobsibly join Company G of San Ra
f-.-!
Yandell Foote, son of United States Dis
trict Attorney Font.-, has been offered a
second lietitenanacy as soon as he secures
his discharge from the Fourteenth United
States Infantry, in which he recently en
listed.
* A detachment of Company F of Oak
land was first on the ground and had the
tents pitched for the company, which,
however, will not go into camp until to
morrow. The Colusa company followed
soon after, landing at Sather station, and
•was the first to actually go into camp.
At 11:30 a' clock this morning Company
B, Fifth Infantry, arrived from San Jose,
laden with offerings from their . fellow
townsmen, and soon had their tents up
and 'baggage cared for.
* Early this afternoon companies D, San
Rafael, and E. Santa Rosa, rolled Into
Sather station and were enthusiastically
corned by their comrades.
The ladies of the Oakland Red Cross
Society were at the station to receive
all the tr.oops, and the hungry men were
not backward In getting to work on the
provisions spread before them. It was
like a picnic more than a military camp,
and all enjoyed it to the utmost. But
after the men had done full justice to the
hospitality of the Red Cross they settled
down to work and .soon had their camp In
order.
At 6 o'clock a guard of forty men was
mounted, with Captain Partridge of San
Jose as .officer of the day. and rigid dis
cipline was Inaugurated by Colonel Car
rington. ■ ■-■•■-"£
During the -afternoon the San Rafael
company was marched over to a vacant
house on High street, where the muster-
Ing officers have established headquar
ters The company numbers 105 officers
and' men and It was decided to accept
the preliminary examination of the sur
geons except In such cases as were re
ported doubtful. Each man was called
in, though, and subjected to a superfi
cial test, and the acceptance of 91 men
out of the 02 examined during: the day
speaks well of the thoroughness of Dr.
Yost, assistant surgeon of the regiment,
■who made the preliminary test of tho
company. .-^v -
The remaining members of the com
pany will be passed upon in the morning.
It. was at first proposed to muster in the
companies as fast as they were exam
ined, but at Governor Budd/s request this
will be delayed a day or two, though the
examination will proceed as rapidly as
possible.
At guard mount to-day the field music
of the battalion was brought Into ser
vice, but in a few days the Eighth Regi
ment will have a good band to enliven the
boys. Twelve members of the Fifteenth
Infantry band have volunteered; and that
Is one of the best bands in the State ser
vice. With the members of the Second
Regiment "and who will volunteer Colo
nel H< BBhaw Will have plenty of material
to draw on for his music.
Lieutenant Colonel A. K. Whitton of
San Jose, who is to be one of the majors
of the Eighth, came up with Company
es to-day and remained at camp until
evening, when ho and Colonel Carrington
went to San Francisco, leaving Captain
piliott In command of the battalion.
Oolonel Whitton's appointment will prob
ably be formally announced to-day or to
morrow, and he will at once enter upon
hie duties.
ABOARD THE NEWPORT.
Batteries H and K, Third United
States Artillery, Are Off
for Manila To-Day.
The signal to break camp at 9 o'clock
yesterday morning was a most welcome
sound to the men of Batteries IT and X,
Third United States Artillery, at Camp
Miller, on the Presidio reservation. It was
a break in the monotony of camp life, and
as all the men had been anxiously wait-
Ing for the ordf>r to embark for Manila
they worked with unusual vigor and alac
rity in pulling' down their tents and get
ting everything loaded on the trucks to
be conveyed in advance to the steamer
Newport.
At about 10:30 o'clock the men were
lined up and for three-quarters of an houx
they, together with the large number of
interest. ■(] spectators, were entertained
with music by the Third Artillery band.
These two batteries presented a fine ap
pearance, as they are made up of manly
looking men. both physically and intel
lectually. This* is especially true of the
recruits, many of whom were enlisted in
the East. "That is as fine a body of sol
diers as I have ever seen." remarked Ma
jor Hess, who until yesterday was in com
mand of the Manila battalion of the Thin*
Artillery. "The Chicago recruiting officer
wrote me that the men he had unlisted
wnre far above the average, both In phys
ical build and education, and now that I
have seen and become acquainted with
these recruits I am of the same opinion.' 1
At 11:15 the battalion, composed of 40<5
men, was given the order to march, and as
it passed out of the Presidio gate led by
the Third Artillery band, it was given
round after round of cheers by th<» men
of Battery D, California HeaVy Artillery,
fn command of Captain Steere. who ha«
li.ied up his company just outside of the
Presidio entrance.
The line of march was down Lombard
street, Van Ness avenue, Golden <*.:ite av
enue. Market street, and Third street to
the Pacific Mail dock, where the troops
went on board of the Newport.
The officers of 11 Lattery are Captain
James O'Hara and Lieutenant B. M.
Kessler, and those of X battery are Cap
tain Charles W. Hobbs mid Lieutenant
Lloyd England.
CAPTAIN MARCH SMILED.
The Leader of the Astor Battery
Welcomed Refreshments
From the Red Cross.
"H"ray fer de Raster Bat'ry— h'ray,
h'ry!" With a wild war whoop and a
nourish of wooden swords the rag-tag
army, its gay overalled captain plunging
at Its head, poured into Post street, and
for a moment nearly blocked the progress
of those pets of Astor toward their boats.
It was a royal greeting from the garri
son of the back yard to the army of the
front.
The tents of the battery at Camp Mer
ritt were pulled down and packed aboard
the camp wagons at f> o'clock yesterday
morning. At 11, without any wild huz
zas ana without any ostentation. Cap
tain March led his men from camp and
directly to the Mail dock, via Post. Mar
ket and Second streets. A half dozen big
mules drew the six little cannon, and the
men were in heavy marching order.
At the Mail dock the hundreds of friends
that the pleasant fellows of the hatt< ry
have made since their arrival here were
there to meet them laden with all manner
of good things that this time were not
haughtily ignored at the order of their
unhungry captain. The guns were he
decked and bei zened with great bunches
of blossoms and ribbons, and the men
themselves \*ere made florally beautiful.
The whole affair has more the semblance
of a lawn party than a leave-taking for
the wars.
Captain March's smile thawed out and
ran in shimmering little driblets all over
the dock, so every one got a little of it
and was happy. There was no cold shoul
der for the ladies of the Red Cross. A
number of them wore there with little
offerings of sandwiches and other short
bites that were received with becoming
gratitude and eaten with unbecoming
haste. The ladies of the Cross retreated
down the dock, warmed to further kind
nesses by the unsuspected and permeant
smile of Mr. Astor's captain.
CAMP MERRITT TROOPS.
Seventh California Regiment
Changes Location — Brigade
Headquarters Moved.
In compliance with an order issued on
Monday by Major General Otis, Brigadier
General H. G. Otis yesterday moved his
headquarters over to the north of Point
Loboa avenue and i"<>k possession of the
quarters formerly occupied by General
Arthur Mac-Arthur. The Seventh Califor
nia, with exception of regimental head
quarters and the hospital, also moved its
camp and occupied the slto where whs
formerly the camp <>f North Dakota.
Colonel' Berry will move the hospital
corps" and his headquarters to-day.
Major Mai lory of Major General Otis'
staff made an inspection yesterday of the
rifles of the First Tennessee Regiment.
The guns formerly belonged to the Na
tional Guard of Tennessee and are old.
Ala lor Mallory found them in a bad con
dition, and very few of them were ac
cepted by him.
The recruits of the Eighteenth United
States Iniantry had their first target
practice yesterday.
Lieutenant Kohbe, Company X, Twenty
third United States Infantry, is quite
Blck, at the Occidental Hotel, with ton-
Bilitis.
IMMEDIATE EXAMPLE.
General Court- Martial Ordered
to Meet at Camp Mer
ritt.
The following order was issued late
last night by Major-General Otis:
The general court-martial convened by para
graph 5, special order* No. 7, current series,
these headquarters, is dissolved.
A general court-martial Is appointed to meet at
the headquarters of the First Brigade, this
division, at 11 o'clock a. m. on Wednesday,
June 29, or as soon thereafter as practicable,
for the trial of , such persons Sas may be
properly brought before it.
Detail for the court— Captain C. 11. Potter,
Eighteenth Infantry: Captain L. A. Matile,
Fourteenth Infantry: First Lieutenant C. B.
Hardin, Eighteenth Infantry: First Lieutenant
Alfred Hansbrouck, Fourteenth Infantry; First
Lieutenant K. A. Lewis, Eighteenth Infantry;
First Lieutenant J. J. liradley. Fourteenth In
fantry: Second Lieutenant O. E. Hunt. Four
teenth Infantry: Second Lieutenant M. Bald-
Win, Eighteenth Infantry: Second Lieutenant
G. D. Goodale. Twenty- third Infantry: Second
Lieutenant Robert Field. Fourteenth Infantry;
Second Lieutenant F. M. Savage, Fourteenth
Infantry: Second Lieutenant C. K. Munton,
Twenty- Infantry; Second Lieutenant J.
F. Gohn, Fourteenth Infantry; First Lieuten
ant Mcßroon, Eighteenth Infantry, Jud^e-ad
vocate.
It I'oinjr necessary fr>r the sake of Immediate
example th<> court is authcrlzpd to Pit with
out regard to hours Hy command
MA.IOR-GF.NERAL OTIS.
THOMAS H. BARKY. Assistant Adjutant
General.
WILL NOT BE IMPRESSED.
The Alameda Will Sail for
Australia on Her Usual
Schedule Time.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda, due to-day from Australasia, will
not be pressed into service by the Govern
ment, and in consequence she will not
be amotiß the next fleet of troop ships to
sail for Manila. John D. Spreckels &
Bros. Compnny received word from
Washington yesterday through Major
Long of the quartermasters" department
that the steamer would not be impressed.
Had the Alameda been taken it would
have put the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany la an awkward position. It 1b un
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1898.
MERRITT'S POLICY OUTLINED
He Has Prepared a Proclamation to the
Philippine Islanders Assuring Them of
America's Friendship.
Major General Wesley Merritt, U. S. A., who leaves this morning on the steamer
Newport for Manila to assume the military and civil Governorship of the Philippine Islands,
outlined his plan of operations yesterday.
"I am anxious to arrive at the seat of action as soon as possible. We should arrive
at Manila about July 25, and certainly not later than the last day of that month. My instruc
tions to General Mac Arthur, in charge of the ships that sailed on Monday, were to hasten
to Honolulu as fast as steam could take him. The vessels of his fleet are to coal without de
lay and we will meet him at the islands and then resume the voyage to Manila.
"The condition in which I will find affairs at the islands when I arrive will naturally
influence my plan of campaign. When General Greene left here his instructions were to the
effect that, if, after a conference with Admiral Dewey, he thought it best to take possession
of the islands, he should proceed to do so. lam no glutton for military glory and would be
pleased to hear that Greene had distinguished himself.
"How will I take possession?
"With as little display of either force or ceremony as possible.
"My first official act will be the issuance of a proclamation from the United States
Government, setting forth oir position regarding the Philippines. This is intended to relieve
the minds of the people and inform them of the object of our errand. The proclamation has
already been prepared and has been translated into Spanish. It will be printed in the papers
and will receive wide distribution. We wish to correct the impression, spread by the
Spanish and their emissaries, that we are going to harass the islanders.
"Will I take peaceful possession? Peaceful or otherwise, just as it comes, but I will
take it, no matter what obstacles I may find in my path of duty."
General Merritt praised the men who will form his expeditionary forces, saying: "I
think the troops are made up of excellent material. They need more drilling and setting-up
exercise than it has been possible to give them, but this can be overcome and can hardly be
called a defect. They are splendidly equipped and constitute a good working force.
"I was anxious to make my friend. Major J. L. Rathbone, who is a widely known res
ident of California, a member of my personal staff. Through the illness of his wife this is
not possible. Failing in this I have recommended that he be appointed to such a position in
the Department of the Pacific that he may represent me here.
"I would be derelict in my duty if I failed to thank the people of California for their
unbounded hospitality, extended to both myself and my command. They have been more
than kind ajid words fail me in which to express gratitude."
der contract to carry the New Zealand
and Australia mails to Auckland and Syd
ney once a month, and it would have
been hard work getting a steamer to take
up the run. As it is. the Alameda will
po out on schedule time, much to the de
light of the traveling public, with which
th.- steamer is a great favorite.
The only vessels that are sure to g-o out
with troops in a week or so are the City
of Puehla and Peru. The latter is being
ftted out at the Mail dock, and will be
ready on time, while the Puehla is at sec
tion 4 of the sea wall having a new pro
peller put on and a new smokestack
fitted.
The Mail Company's steamer Acapulco
will he due here from Panama to-morrow,
and the State of California, from Oregon,
on Sunday. Both these vessels may be
impressed, and in that event there are
fonr vessels that can be got ready to fol
low the Newport in a fortnight. Just
what will be done no one seems to know,
hut the chances are that the City of Pue
bla, Peru, Acapulco and State of Califor
nia w... form the next fleet. That will
COMPANY F AT SKIRMISH DRILL.
The Oakland Command of the Fifth Infantry That
Will March Into Camp To-Day.
make seventeen vessels, carryilng 17,000
troops, that will have been dispatched.
NO VISITORS ALLOWED.
General Miller Will Issue an
Order to That Effect.
Brigadier General Miller Issued an order
yesterday from the First Brigade head
quarters detailing an armed guard to be
placed around the field hospital for the
purpose of permitting no civilian to pass
within the enclosure occupied by the hos
pital. This order, in every way, is one of
the most important issued from Camp
Merritt, as It affects the health of San
Francisco. General Miller said he had re
ceived complaints from the- field hospital
♦MAIL FOR THE SOLDIERS.+
♦ 1 ♦
The transport Newport, that
is to sail to-day, will take
mail intendfcd for the Philip
pine Islands. The Postofflca
Department announces that
the mail will close at 8 o'clock
this morning.
surgeons that civilians are in the habit
of visiting the hospital and going in
among the patients without permission.
These people manage to gain an admit
tance by slipping tn when the guard is not
watching them. Many of the soldiers in
the hospital are afflicted with contagious
diseases, and these could readily be con
tracted by the civilian visitors, and in this
way a deadly epidemic be, carried to the
city. Therefore as a precaution no one
will be permitted to cross the lines in the
future unless provided with the proper
authority to do so.
CAMP MILLER.
Major Hess Has Been Relieved
and Major Grugan Is Now
in Command.
Major Hess of the Third United States
Artillery, who 1b soon to go before the
retiring board, has been relieved of the
command of Camp Miller and has been
succeeded by Major prugafl, commandjcf
the battalion of Batteries D and G of the
Sixth Artillery, which arrived on Monday
from the East. Lieutenant Fleming is
now the adjutant of Camp Miller. These
batteries brought six breechloading' puns
with them, but no horses. It is expected
that they will procure horses at Manila,
for which port they will sail on the fourtn
expedition. Meantime they will perfect
themselves in what is known as the man
ual of the piece.
CORPORAL FLINT.
A Courteous Attache of Gene-
ral Merritt's Headquarters
Sails for Manila To- Day.
The young: man who has been doing
guard duty at the door of Major General
Merritt's offices In the Phelan building has
by his courteous conduct made many
friends among those who have had occa
sion to call at military headquarters dur
ing the last few weeks. His name is T. J.
Flint, who is a corporal of Company 1,
Twenty-third United States Infantry.
Corporal Flint, who has nerved in ths
regular army eight years, five of which he
spent in Arizona, goes to Manila as an
attache of General Merritt's headquarters.
He takes with him four homing pigeons
which he will turn loose from the steamer
Newport on the second day out with mes
sages for San Francisco, one of which
will be for The Call.
HEADQUARTERS CHANGED
Major General Otis Will Move
From Camp Merritt to the
Phelan Building To-Day.
Major General Otis, In command of the
Philippine expeditionary forces, w\£\ £hls
morning move his headquarters from
Camp Merritt, where he -ias been located
for several weeks, to the Phelan building.
He and his staff will occupy the offices
that were vacated by Major General Mer
ritt, Governor General of the Philippines.
Beginning with to-day Major Central Otis
will virtually assume the duties of com
mander of the new army corps, the
Eighth, although no official order to that
effect up to date had been (sued by Gov
ernor General Merritt.
Immediately after the departure of Gen
eral Merritt. who Mils on the Newport at
10 o'clock this morning, General Oiis will
devote his entire attention to the organiz
ing and dispatching of the fourth Manila
expedition, l"i- this expedition the steam
era City <>t Pnebla and Peru have already
been secured, and with other >teainers
"in sight" It is Ih' • the next
fleet — to be larger than any previous one
and of enough apsdty to carry away
COOO troops -can in- got ready to sal! with
in two weeks. By this time the new
cruiser Philadelphia will, it is thought, be
fully equipped and manne.i and otherwise
prepared for sea, and in that even' it will
in all probability convoy the fourth fleet
to Manila.
An effort mny be made to sond to Ma
nila all the remaining expeditionary
forces with the next squadron, as Gentral
Merritt lias emphatically expressed his
wish that this be done "before many
days." It is said that he has impressed
the War Department with the importance
of getting all these troops to Manila with
all possible haste, and the department
has given assurances that there shall be
no unecessary delay. It is evident that
General Merritt realizes that the impor
tant duties imposed upon him as Uov-
TO BE GIVEN A COMMISSION.
Captain George B. Baldwin Who Is to Become a Line or
Staff Officer in the New Regiment.
ernor General of the Philippines requires
a strong military force for their proper
execution. ,
While Major General Otis will make his
headquarters in the Pholan building, he
will spend a portion of each day at
Camp Merritt With the exception of
Colonel Barry, his adjutant, the staff will
remain at Camp Merritt, where Captain
Sehon will act as adjutant.
WYOMING BATTERY HERE.
The Alger Light Artillery o!
Cheyenne Is at Camp
Merritt.
The most notnWo addition to the troops
at Camp Merntt yesterday were 125 men
and officers, making up the Alger Light ;
Artillery of Cheyenne, Wyo. The lattery j
is named in honor of the Becretary ot ;
The men are not fully equipped. The
foundation for the battery was laid in the
old National Guard of Wyoming, and its
uniform and arms wore distributed among
the men until the supply was exhausted.
The remainder of the equipment will be
secured here.
The armament of the battery consist*
of two 3-inch muzzle loading rifles of oW
fashioned design, bearing date ot 1861. rhe
men have had considerable practice with
flu'm aiM have found them auite eiiec
"'ilie men left Cheyenne last Saturday
and traced "estwWrd in Pullman sleep
ers Many of the recruits are ranchers
and their out-of-door Life has given them
their burdens? The officers of the battery ,
f °Captain. R. C. Palmer; first lieutenant, j
H A. Clarke; second lieutenant, J. .\i.
Ollmore; Bergeants, Edward i'a>, y. a.
Bristol C. M. King, R. L. La Fountain,
John VlcCabe, William Daily, - Rig-l-m;
quartermaster s-rpeant. Edward Land,
veterinary sergeant, C. W. Madden; cor
pJ.ri.ls .15 Hirst. R. W. grader. W.I ham ;
Mills. James Dyer. \Yi liarn n\ olcott -
Graham. - Caylor, C- W. Mahan; lance
corporal, E. Taylor.
The soldiers received the customary
welcome extended to all volunteers by the
ladies of the Red Cross Society. They
were received by Mrs. I. L. Requa and her
assistants. The officers and men. accus
tomed as they are to Western hospitality.
were taken by surprise by the warmth oi
the welcome extended them. Their thanks
Were voiced in words and cheers. Among
the ladies who welcomed them and pro
vided them with substantial edibles were:
Mrs I. L. Requa, Mrs. W. T. Veitch. Mrs.
O L Long, Mrs. Blanchard. Miss Maud
\llen, Mrs. BJverson, Mrs. Barrett. Mrs.
Giles Gray. Miss de Fremery, Mrs. Fried
lander Miss Mary Dunham. Mrs. McCurn,
Miss Jeghers, Mrs. Bakeweli, Mrs. F. J.
Hoffman, Mrs. Prentice Selby. Miss Tom
lin Mrs. A. J. Mitchell. Mrs. Sherwood.
Mrs Brewster, Miss Landers. SQss Ella
Morgan. Miss Moffltt. Miss Lucy Moffitt,
Mrs Gus Bray, Miss Selby, Mrs. Luning,
Miss Hale, Miss Wall, Mrs. Derby. Miss
Liliencranz. Miss Kellogg. aUhs Rawllns,
Miss Gregory, Miss Mnry Dunham, Miss
BaKewell Miss J. Brown, Mrs. G. W.
Hunt. Mrs. Gegus, Mro. Heck, Mrs. Ab
bott. Mrs. W. V. Bryan, Miss Field, Miss
Connor. Mrs. M. Ahrams, Miss Reese,
Miss Callaghan and Mrs. A. W. Scott.
WORDS FROM THE FLEET
Carrier Pigeon Dispatches
From the Third Squadron
for Manila.
When the transport fleet bearing the
soldiers across the broad Pacific to aid
Dewey sailed from this port last Monday
it was the desire of all to have one last
■word of farewell with those left behind.
Nearly all had that one 'last word," but
there were many who by force of circum
stances did not have, that pleasure. |E vca
■when the big steamers -were far out at sea
the wish to send some little word to
the loved fines at home was felt by the
soldiers. To accomplish this no better
messenger than the dove could be found,
and well the gentle bird performed the
service, as it di- for Noah of old. A num
ber of carrier pigeons were placed on the
flagship Indiana and when out at sea mes
sages were written and the swift-flying
little carriers were sent on their long voy
age across many miles of ocean. The birds
belong to H. F. Whitman of 2045 Alameda
avenue, Alameda. Late in the afternoon
they reached their cotes, fatigued by their
long flight. ■-.-.. ,
The first to arrive was a beautiful blue
bird bearing a little slip of paper, fastened
to its leg. to George C. McConnell of 12.".3
Broadway Alameda. from his son.
Rushton McConnell. who is in the United
States engineers' department and on the
Indiana, The message was brief. It reads:
OFF FARALLONES. 4:30 p. m.— Sick as can
be— and there are others. Write to Honolulu.
Wo lay there four days. Mother, do not worry.
Another carrier brought them this notes
ON BOARD TROOPSHIP INDIANA, THIRD
MANILA EXPEDITION.— They tell me you
folks were out in a tug. Expecting to see you,
on the Ukiah, I did not keep my eyes on the
tug, so did not see you. I was deeply disap
pointed. Paw Miss Parker and her father and
a '96 co-ed, on The Call tug. Also Mr. and
Mrs. Allardyce on another tug. Thank Mr.
Sabin for the medicine, and Mr. Garrette for
the note. Will write from Honolulu. Well,
here goes for a gcod-by. Still feeling fine.
FRED A. BORDWELL.
To Hi 3 Father, George H. Bopdwell, Alameda.
Ttvo sons sont thrse short notes to their
parents on the legs of the same pigeon,
one to his father in this city and the other
j to his mother In Alameda:
Mrs. Mary Doulton, 688 Kaines Street, Ala
raeda.- I ft' Farallones, Steamer Indiana, per
Carrier Pigeon.— Have not been sick yet. Quite
a number on board are sick. Love to all.
THOMAS.
T. A. Kirkpatrlck, 222 Sansome Street.— Oft
Farallones. — All on hoard in Engineer Corpa
0 K. Write me to Honolulu. EDWARD.
Here are two others, the first one whose
; thoughts are with his? loved ones in two
: parts of the State, and the second, who
:as the big ship passed out through the
Golden Gate grazed at his home among the
quiet hills of Berkeley, wondering when
ills eyes would again be blessed with the
sight, if ever:
SIXTY MILES OUT.— good-by. We
i are off. The 11 "'''!"* are very good. Will
write you from Honolulu. Don't forget your
boy while I am on the ocean. Don't forget to
write. I will always be looking for letters
j from home. Give every one my best wishes.
I Send this to W. K. Sanders, Pomona, Cal., and
a copy to Mrs. Ring, Santa Rosa. With lots
of love from CHARLES SANDERS.
P. S.- They are more than Etck on deck.
! G. G. Rodgers sends his love to all his folks
in Berkeley, and regards to his friends. Am
well and enjoying myself. Boat is commencing
to roll.
The tunnels of the world are esti
mated to number about 1142. with a to
ngth of "14 miles.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OPEN LETTERS EKOM~
Jennie E. Green and Mra Harry
Hardy.
Jenste E. Grkex, Denmark, lowa,
writes to Mrs. Pinkham:
" I hail been sick at my monthly
periods for seven years, and tried
almost everything I ever heard of, but
without any benefit. Was troubled
with backache, headache, pains in the
shoulders and dizziness. Through my
mother I was induced to try Lydia H.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and
it has done me so much good. lam
now sound and well."
Mrs. Harry Hardy, Riverside, lowa,
writes to Mrs. Pinkham the story of
her struggle with serious ovarian trou-
ble, and the benefit she received from
the use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. This is her letter:
" How thankful I am that I took
your medicine. I was troubled for
two years with inflammation of the
womb and ovaries, womb was also very
low. I was in constant misery. I had
heart trouble, was short of breath and
could not walk five blocks to save my
life. Suffered very much with my
back, had headache all the time, was
nervous, menstruations were irregular
and painful, had a bad discharge and
was troubled with bloating. I was a
perfect wreck. Had doctored and
taken local treatments, but still was no
better. I was advised by one of my
neighbors to write to you. I have now
finished the second bottle of Mrs. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and am
better in every way. lam able to do
ail my own work and can walk nearly
a mile without fatigue; something I
had not been able to do for over two
years. Your medicine has done oa
more good than all the doctors. "
56
WEDNESDAY JUNE 29, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager. 1
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F»
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is j
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. __^_____
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway j
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££a Hens*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mnrquette Bulldtnft j
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
IRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
•pen until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'ctooV;. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 Larkln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- • 2518 ',
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Fort Frayne "
Baldwin— "The Passion Play'- 1
Alcazar— "Frederick the Great '
Morocco's— "The Gossoon'
Tlvoll— •■Boccaccio-"
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, the 618-pound Man.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy Btreets, Specialties.
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
El Campo— Music, danclnff.boatln?, flshlnp, every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Baseh— This day, June 2*, Furniture, at SU Lombard
street, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan & Doyle— This day, June 29, Horses, etc., at 837
Sixth street, at 11 o'clocn.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thls day, June 29, Furniture, at
fOiTurt street, at 11 o clock.
WORDS OF WARNING.
SO much consideration has been given of late to
expressions of British sentiment favorable to
American annexation of the Philippine Islands
and other colonies of Spain, that it is worth while to
direct attention to certain words of warning from the
same source. Colonial possessions are not viewed by
all Englishmen as desirable, and some of the sin
cerest friends of the United States In that country
are now citing the experience of the British empire
itself as a proof that we will venture upon a hazard
ous and uncertain career if we follow her lead as a
model instead of profiting by it as a warning.
Henry Labouchere describes the result of colonial
expansion upon British politics in these words: "We
used to glory that we were a non-military nation.
We have drifted into the position of a nation with
larger armaments than any other. No matter what
we spend on armaments we are called to spend more.
We hold a larger portion of the globe than any other
nation. So absorbing becomes earth hunger when
once indulged, that we are every year adding new
territories to our empire. And what is the result?
All domestic reforms are put aside as unworthy to oc
cupy our imperial minds. If a poor man asks for
bread he is toid joyfully to starve with the comforting
reflection that he is a citizen of an extensive and ex
panding empire."
The truth of these words will not be questioned by
any one familiar with the course of British politics.
Again and again Mr. Gladstone, in the course of his
illustrious career, was thwarted in his efforts to ac
complish some great reform at home t>y the interfer
ence of foreign complications, arising from some of
the wide scattered colonies of the empire. At this
very time Great Britain leaves her people half edu
cated and serious local evils unremedied, because so
much of her attention, her wealth and her energies
are required to maintain her prestige in Asia and
Africa.
It is not in this generation only tha.t the wiser class
of British patriots have been averse to colonial ex
pansion. Nor have the objections to the expansive
policy been founded solely upon the interference of
that policy with home reforms. It has been pointed
out in times past that colonial possessions of the em
pire have not only prevented the workingman at
home from getting a crust of bread, but have been
actually a cause of military weakness to the nation.
In his essay on the West Indies, Macaulay says:
"There are some who assert that in a military and
naval point of view the West Indies are of great im
portance to this country. This is a common but a
monstrous misrepresentation. We venture to say
that colonial empire has been one of the greatest
curses of modern Europe." After referring to the
disastrous experience of Spain and Holland and Por
tugal with their colonies, he adds: "If the experi
ence of others is lost upon us, shall we not profit by
our own? What have we not sacrificed to our in
fatuated passion for trans-Atlantic dominion. * *
This inspired us with the project of conquer
ing America. This induced us to resign all the ad
vantages of our insular situation — to embroil ourselves
in the intrigues and fight the battles o/ half the conti
nent — to form coalitions which were Instantly broken
and to give subsidies which were never earned.
* * Shall we never learn wisdom? Shall
we never cease to prosecute a pursuit wilder than the
wildest dreams of alchemy with all the credulity and
all the profusion of Sir Epicure Mammon?"
Certain British jingoes engaged in this pursuit
would be glad to have America emtoark with them
and help them fight their battles. They urge us to
an alliance and to the annexation of Hawaii, the Phil
ippines and everything in sight. That course would
mean our embroilment in all European wars here
after, and the sacrifice of all home reforms to imperial
policies. It would be to bring upon America all the
disasters which, according to Labouchere and Ma
caulay, have already befallen Great Britain.
The value of the technicality has again been demon
strated. It was used here a few months ago to ac
cord freedom to a convicted forger, and the happy
man has shown his appreciation of the situation by
indulging in forgery again. This time, however, he
went to Chicago to do it, and possibly the techni
cality is not held so high there as on this coast.
There arc plenty of arguments against the annexa
tion of Hawaii without introducing as one of them
the theory that the islands may one day be swallowed
up of the sea. There is not even a continent which
can be certain of lasting forever.
The thief caught recently with his hand in a wo
man's pocket must be given credit for some perspicu
ity. At least he had found the pocket.
Possibly Germany means nothing by concentrating
warships at Manila, not even to be polite.
A HAND-ME-DOWN NATIONAL POLICY.
Q PUBLIC policy is not a matter of artifice and
/ \ manufacture. It must develop out of the na
ture of things.
Many yellow papers are busy just now manufac
turing "a hand-me-down policy," a sort of political
panacea, warranted to fit all cases. One of the most
pretentious of these efforts and the least honest in
its motive comes of course from Hearst's journal.
Its leading features are the annexation of Hawaii
and the purchase of coaling stations in the West In
dies! These two features reveal a conspiracy that
has been promoted by some corrupt newspapers and
some corrupt men. One may ask why annex Ha
waii and not Cuba? If the possession of Honolulu,
2000 miles away from the western end of the Nicar
agua canal, is important to the integrity of that great
enterprise and international necessity, why is not the
possession of Havana, within 500 miles of its east
ern end, more important? Honolulu is not on the
shortest route from the western end of the canal to
Asia, to Yokohama, Hongkong and Manila. That
route passes only 100 miles west of San Francisco.
Cuba lies directly in the shortest route for all com
merce leaving or entering the canal T>y the eastern
end. Cuba commands the Windward Passage and
the channel of Yucatan and so commands completely
the Caribbean Sea. Why annex distant Hawaii,
more than 2000 miles off the shortest route to Pa
cific commerce, and drop Cuba, within a day's steam
of the east end of the canal and commanding the
shortest route to Atlantic commerce? Why buy
West Indian coaling stations, farther away from
the vital point and far less commanding, when we
can take Cuba at once? The answer involves an
inquiry into the selfish personal motives of Hearst
and some others, as revealed by circumstantial tes
timony. The Journal urged recognition of the Cu
ban insurgent Government. All of its representa
tions about that Government and the military force
behind it are proved to have been lies, by the reports
of our army officers who have penetrated the in
terior of the island in search of what had no exist
ence. The first inquiry is why did Hearst lie about
the so-called Cuban Government and army, to in
duce Congressional recognition and create a misin
formed public opinion that would coerce the Presi
dential assent?
To answer this inquiry it is only ?!tcessary to il
luminate the situation with the testimony of Mr.
Kohlsaat of the Chicago Times-Herald, who was of
fered $2,000,000 of the Cuban bonds, printed as a
blanket mortgage on the island, to be validated by
recognition of the insurgent Government, and placed
to the amount of $400,000,000, in the hands of the
Cuban Junta in New York, to be put where they will
do the most good in securing the recognition neces
sary to their validity. What part of this vast sum is
used in bribery of newspapers no one can know, but
the fact of its existence and of the offer of $2,000,000
of it to a Chicago paper are all that is needed to
close the inquiry into Hearst's personal motive.
Having a newspaper property that loses money in le
gitimate business, recoupment is possible by taking
bribes to urge a domestic policy that will validate
foreign bonds issued by bandits, and adventurers.
The President and General Lee were undoubtedly
aware of the situation, for they both urged against
any recognition of the insurgent Government. But
when the case went to Congress Hearst's papers and
the other yellow papers of the country howled in
chorus for recognition. For a long time the issue
was in doubt. It was the Senate against the House.
Finally recognition was struck out of the declaration
of war, which was left in the form of .1 peremptory
demand on Spain to dismember herself or we would
treat her refusal as a casus belli. Logically such
a demand should have led to our taking what Spain
is compelled to drop in the West Indies. The in
surgent Government and armies being, in a diplo
matic and military sense, merely myths, the expul
sion of Spain being the end of actual organized gov
ernment on the island, could mean only our posses
sion and government.
But that would invalidate the Cuban bonds. It
would nullify the Junta 1 ? blanket mortgage on the
island. It would destroy all value in the bonds in
the possession of yellow editors, except as admoni
tory reminiscences of treason to their own country
and greed of the substance of Cuba. In this situa
tion that remarkable qualification found its way into
the Congressional declaration, by which we pledge
ourselves not to acquire or annex Cuba! Note that
no other inch of Spanish territory is under protec
tion of that pledge. Cuba, the most valuable and
necessary of all the Spanish domain, is rejected and
we are left free to take all that is less valuable and
less necessary!
Why? Because abstention from annexing Cuba
may put the Junta on top after our soldiers have ex
pelled the Spanish. Recognition will then be a
necessity and the bonds and blanket mortgage will
be valid, and begin to draw interest! It is highly
probabie that a revelation of the facrs would show
the use of money by the Planters' Trust, to secure
advocates of Hawaiian annexation among American
newspapers. This being so, no one doubts that
Hearst's great "national policy" is for his personal
profit. To earn a fee and validate his Cuban bonds
Hawaii must be taken and Cuba must be rejected.
There is the whole case. If his policy can be ac
counted for on any other grounds, we would be glad
to know what they are.
0 WARNING TO CORPORATIONS.
ALL through the Mississippi Valley, and to a
considerable extent in the East, a widespread
interest has been manifested in the disclosures
made in the recent preliminary trial of certain former
officers of the Pacific Express Company who have
been charged by the present officers with embezzle
ment. Nor is the public interest in the subject at
all surprising, for, according to reports, the evidence
in the case has exposed to the full light of day some
of the worst effects of that corruption which seems
to be the inevitable result of bringing a corporation
and a Legislature into close connection.
Reports of the case are to the effect that the pres
ent officers of the company charge their predecessors
with having embezzled some $200,000 of the com
pany's money, and the defense asserts that the money
was not misappropriated, but was used for the pur
pose of defeating hostile legislation at the State capi
tal. It appears that the company maintained a lobby
at an annual cost of $10,000, and found it necessary
to do so in order to defeat bills designed to reduce
express rates.
The former officers of the company hold that this
expenditure, being essential to the business of the
road, was a due and legitimate expenditure. The
new officers take the opposite view, and by their
prosecution have led to a disclosure of the whole mat
ter in court. Up to the present time only a pre
liminary trial has been had, and it is not clear how
far the disclosures may go before the end is reached.
Enough seems to have been made public, however
to show that the lobby, having once fastened itself
upon the company, could not be shaken off. The
legislative $10,000, -which was first granted to .meet
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1898.
a particular emergency, became in the end a perma
nent annual expenditure.
In the meantime it is said that circulars containing
the gist of the evidence thus far brought out have
been printed and are being scattered over the Mis
sissippi Valley States as campaign documents for
Populists, radical Democrats and others who are
making the fight against corporations in all forms.
The facts will undoubtedly aid in strengthening popu
lar antagonism to corporations, and in confirming
suspicions that all are more or less active in bribing
legislators. To that extent a grave injury will be
done to many honest companies, and moreover the
effect as a whole upon the public mind will be bad.
The moral of the case is too clear to be mistaken.
Corporations should not permit themselves to be bled
by dishonest lobbyists. It may be difficult to shake
off the gang that has once fastened itself upon such
an organization, but there is a way to do it. In the
Nebraska case, for example, it is safe to say the new
officers of the Pacific Express Company will never
be called upon to put up $10,000 for the boys at Lin
coln. The Southern Pacific Company might profit
by the example.
AT yesterday's meeting of the Board of Super
visors permission was granted a committee of
merchants to remove the dilapidated Cogswell
fountain at the junction of California and Market
streets and raise in its place a flag pole ioo feet high.
This probably disposes of the idea entertained by
some of our esteemed but inartistic contemporaries
of erecting on this spot a statue of Admiral Dewey,
for it is extremely improbable that permission to
raise a flag pole can be construed into authority to
erect a statTie — though it must be admitted that lan
guage is not likely to mean much to persons who
think a statue is rendered attractive by surrounding
it with street cars, cobbles, boxes, drays and other
prosy instruments of business.
The flag pole also disposes of another suggestion
made in a letter we have just received from Captain
Goodall — a suggestion, which, by the way, had it been
made sooner would have been worthy much con
sideration. Perhaps it is not too late, however, to
discuss it in another relation.
Captain Goodall calls attention to the fact that San
Francisco is without a public lavatory and he pro
poses that the city erect one at the junction of Cali
fornia and Market streets in place of the Cogswell
fountain. In his letter he briefly outlines a plan.
This contemplates a two-story structure with accom
modations for both sexes and proper attendance. He
thinks the expense of building a lavatory and main
taining it afterward would be justified by the benefit
conferred upon the people.
Although it will probably not be practicable to
change the determination of the merchants who have
decided to erect a flag pole at the junction of Califor
nia and Market streets, there is nothing to prevent
the Supervisors considering Captain Gcodall's sug
gestion with a view to locating a lavatory in some
other place. It would be possible to erect such a
building at any of the junctions except those already
occupied by fountains. There is a possible site at
the intersection of Post, Montgomery and Market
streets. We understand that the cable turntable at
this point will soon be removed, it being the inten
tion of the Market Street Company to convert the
Post street line into an electric road and turn it into
Montgomery street.
If this is done a lavatory nfight be located on the
site of the turntable. Such a building to be useful
ought to be on the line of travel, and there is no spot
in the city — except it may be Market and Keaniy
streets — over which a greater number of people travel
in a day than pass and repnss at Montgomery and
Market streets. At all events, a lavatory is prefera
ble to a statue. We commend Captain Goodall's
suggestion to the artistic sense of the Zulus who
have proposed to surround a bronze effigy of the
hero of Manila with cheap eating houses, wholesale
dry goods stores, drays, humming street cars and bil
lowing cobbles and basalt blocks.
SUPPORTING THE CHINESE.
COMMENTING upon the controversy now go
ing on over the employment of Chinese labor
in this city in the manufacture of uniforms un
der Government contracts, the Bulletin says: "The
slacnty of The Call in charging Major Long with
conniving at the employment of coolies, and in in
fluencing the minds of the laboring classes against
the quartermaster has come near bringing about a
row which might seriously injure this city by caus
ing the Government to let future contracts in other
parts of the country, when they should be let here."
Upon this theme of an injury to the city, possibly
resulting from the exposure of the coolie work by
The Call, the Bulletin harps at considerable length
and closes by saying: "San Francisco is abundant
ly able to perform all the work necessary to be done.
All the merchants and manufacturers who have been
questioned declare this to be true, and that it would
be most unfortunate if an effort to array the laboring
classes against the Government officials should result
in a great rumpus that would give Washington a
false impression of the conditions existing in this
city."
The only conclusion to be drawn from that argu
ment is that it would be better to connive at the em
ployment of coolie labor on Government contracts
than to protest against it and run the risk of losing
the contracts altogether. The Bulletin would hush
the matter up and let the Chinatown sweatshops do
the work. The Call is of a different conviction on
the subject.
The implication that we have tried to array the
laboring classes against the Government officials is
false. The report that Chinese were employed on
Government contracts in this city led to an investiga
tion by labor councils and The Call published the
news of these investigations and made some of its
own. It also published communications between
labor representatives here and authorities at Wash
ington. All these things were current events of in
tciest to our people and, therefore, legitimate sub
jects for a live newspaper to make known. That
The Call sympathized with the efforts of the labor
unions and councils to prevent the employment of
coolies on the army contracts is beyond question, but
in supporting them it made no attempt to array
them against the Government officials nor to raise
what the Bulletin calls a "great rumpus."
As a matter of fact, no rumpus or row is in sight,
and there is no danger that the city will suffer from
the exploitation which has been made of the coolie
work. On the contrary, the white labor of the city
will be benefited and the interest of our working men
and women materially improved. The contest has
been a straightforward, open fight for white labor
against coolie labor, and The Call is glad to have
been able to render assistance to the white laborers
of the city in winning it. That the Bulletin would
have preferred to hush the matter up and let the
coolies continue to get the work is susceptible of
but one explanation, and that is too obvious to re
fluire statement,
A GOOD SUGGESTION.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
T. D. Valentine of Ukiah is at the Bald
win.
F. B. Heath and son of San Jose are at
the Russ.
Abner T. Reid of Appleton, Wis., is at
the Palace.
George Moore of Sitka is registered at
the Baldwin.
Joseph Ryland of San Jose is stopping
at the Palace.
Judge George B. Graham of Fresno is
staying at the Grand.
James McCudden, ex-Senator and politi
cian, is at the Baldwin.
William C. Parker, the Vlntyardist of
Kenyon, is at the Grand.
E. F. Groppeley, connected with the
Taylor mine, Is at the Russ.
E. McLaughlin, a prominent banker of
San Jose, is registered at the OcidentaL
J. AY. Wilmanfl, rancher and mine
owner, of Is'ewmunß, its staying at the
Lick.
Charles Trumbull Harden, owner of the
Tempe flour mills, is registered at the
Russ.
Some men court
dangerous situa
tions for the sole
purpose of dis
playing an in
stinctive clever
ness in extricating
SUSPICION
IS A DREADFUL
THING.
themselves and
standing in the eyes of their fellows as
specimens of the self-possessed and self
composed. Charles M. Plum tells another
story and he confesses that he was rat
tled to a degree of immediate dissolution
and yet he was in no wise to blame for
the error committed. This little incident
in the life of Plum occurred .in the Orien
tal room of the Palace Hotel at an hour
of the evening: when the ladies are wait
ing- for their husbands to join them for a
theater-going. Mrs. Plum had been slow
ly consuming her stock of patience and
was engaged In a conversation with v
lady friend when Mr. Plum put In an ai>
pearanee. Seeing his wife absorbed in th<>
evidently interesting tete-a-tete he hesi
tated in the doorway before approaching
her. Then it was that he overheard the
following that brought the ruby
red to his cheeks and made him look like
a guilty tiling startled by a cock's crow.
The friend of Mrs. Plum Innocently re
marked: "What a handsome gentleman
that is standing in the doorway." To this
she added: "Isn't it strange? Now I know
him very well and yet I cannot place him.
Why I have been In his company again
and again and we both enjoyed ourselves
Immensely." For three minutes Mrs. Plum
held her breath. <'harles M. has been ex
plaining ever since.
J. B. Hughes. United States mail con
tractor of McCoal, Mis?., is staying at the
Russ.
R. C. Bulmer and Barron P. Dv Bois, of
the United States navy, are registered at
the Palace.
K. C. Humphrey?, who was formerly a
Superior Court Judge of Denve r , is it the
California.
J. A. Rithet and E. P. Rlth.-t have re
turned after an ;ibsence of a year and are
staying at the California.
David T. Day of the United States Geo
logical Survey has arrived from Washing
ton and is stopping at the Palace.
W. 11. G. Arnemann and family have
arrived in this city from Honolulu and are
stopping at the Occidental. Mr. Arnemann
is a large plantation holder in the islands.
Wi M. Coburn and wife and W. D. Co
burn and wife are in this city from Great
Falls, Mont., on their honeymoon. The
Coburns are well-known cattlemen of
Montana. They are staying at the Occi
dental.
COMPANY AS FAREWELL.
This song, which was written foi the
occasion, was sung by Mrs. George Hall
at the farewell reception given Company
A at Chico:
They'll march away in battle array,
Our own loved boys in blue, <
With gallant Henshaw right in front.
And hearts all strong and true;
They'll sail away o'er the ocean wide.
To our snips In Manila Bay,
God bless them all!
May they all come back —
Our gallant Company A.
CHORUS.
Rlgrht, forward, fours rlßht,
Jack Cahlll leads the way.
Heads up, eyes front.
We're off to Manila Bay!
Remember the Maine, urui Dewfejr, too.
It may be for many a day-
Hut (Company, Attention! Heady! Aim! Fire!)
Our gallant Company A.
For mother and wife and sweetheart, too,
We'll drop one parting tear;
But close up ranks.
And the band strikes up.
So give them a parting cheer.
God bless .them all! May they all come
back.
From ' far Manila Bay.
For we love them all. our boys In blue.
Our gall. Company A.— (Chorus.)
— J. D. SPROUL,
FALLACIES PUNCTURED.
Senator White Replies to Oakland's
Board of Trade.
That Senator White is not In accord
with the Oakland Board of Trade on the
subject of Hawaiian annexation is evi
denced by the following reply to the res
olutions of that body which were sent to
him:
Committee on Commerce!,
United States Senate.
Washington, D. C, June 12, 1898.
Cralgie Sharp Esq., Secretary Board of
Trade, Oakland, Cal.— Dear Sir: I have
received resolutions of the Oakland Board
of Trade adopted the 2d instant. My views
with reference to annexation have been so
often expressed that it is unnecessary to
go into the subject again. I am utterly
opposed to the whole scheme and consider
It originated in the illegal and outrageous
conduct of former Minister Stevens. Tho
main supporters of the project have been
drawing down millions every year, whicn
ought to go into the treasury of the
United States. The pretense that we neea
Hawaii for a coaling station is unsus
tained. If the Government really desires
a coaling station Pearl Harbor affords the
necessary location and can be made, as
the Board of Engineers have reported, not
only desirable for that purpose, but much
more so than Honolulu, which, according
to the testimony of General Schofield, can
not bo easily defended.
There is no trouble as to coaling: even
at Honolulu. The suggestion that Euro
pean powers or Japan object is untrue.
You say: "The distance between Manila
and San Francisco via Honolulu being ap
proximately one thousand miles shorter
than by Unalaskn., the only other coaling
station, which lies away to the north and
out of the direct lines of travel." As a
matter of fact, the distance via the Aleu
tian Islands from San Francisco to Manila
is nearly 800 miles shorter than via Hon
olulu.
You have probably taken an ordinary
map and paid no attention to the Great
Circle. The map showing "Tracks for
full-powered steam vessels." Issued by the
Government, will show that I am right
By consulting this you will have no diffi
culty in noting that you are a couple or
thousand miles out of the way.
I desire in every way to accord with
the views of all of my constituents, but it
Is impossible to comply with the wishes of
every one, however much they may have
my personal respect. I have not reached
a hasty conclusion, but on the contrary
have made up my mind after careful in
vestigation as to all the bearings of this
Important subject. Yours truly,
STEPHEN M. WHITE.
CALIFORNIA TO PENNSYLVANIA
The . first battalion of the Tenth Regi
ment of the Pennsylvania Volunteers met
with a royal reception on reaching San
Francisco en route to Manila, The har
bor screamed a welcome to our troops
with all its whistles; the highways of the
city - waved salutations with innumerable
flags; the multitude turned out to shower
the soldier boys with gifts of fruits and
flowers, and . the -. Red Cross Society . re
freshed them with hot coffee and a square
meal; in the old "Volunteer Refreshment"
style originated i more ; than . a generation
ago by Philadelphia. '-\ ; v
Cordiality - and . hospitality are not new
trait*. oX tha Cali£onUao»; %hex. wa joart
of their nature, and the people of the
Golden State never fail to declare them
selves when the occasion prompts. But
there was more than warmth of hospital
ity and heartiness of welcome in yester
day's tumultuous ovation. It was the pa
triotic sentiment back of the demonstra
tion which made it so expressive. Indeed,
San Francisco's handshake yesterday
fully demonstrated that one prompt,
wholesome effect of the war has been to
draw the furthermost bounds of the con
tinent closer together with the instinct of
brotherhood and unity.— Philadelphia Rec
ord.
ONE OF NATURE'S NOULEMEN.
Editor San Francisco Call: Noticing in
the issue of your paper of this date the
sudden death of Robert McMurray of Ne
vada County, whose career as a mining
capitalist you recite in brief, I am im
pelled by a desire to have general recog
nition accorded his noble qualities of
heart in asking for a little space in your
valuable paper devoted to the theme, "Af
fection's Last Offering— from one who
knew him well."
Robert McMurray was. In all respects,
one of the noblest of his kind— a man ever
ready to attest by a manly and generous
act the full measure of his earnest and
sympathetic nature; with a mind so com
prehensive of the needs of the toiling
classes that even when exacting require
ments of his representation of large min
ing interests harassed him almost beyond
endurance, he yet found, ever and al
ways, the needed moments to extend the
helping hand and offer cheering and
kindly words to the anxious and needy
toilers: with a purse always at the dis
posal of a friend, and a due consideration
for that genuine worth in man or woman
hood that refrained from the appeal. He
found the opportunity to bring gladness
to suffering hearts without ostentation,
avoiding the thankful prarse which his
action so well earned. Chapter upon
chapter may be written upon the pages
of the history of Nevada County dwelling
upon the indomitable will which, backed
by his progressive spirit, has made his
superb efforts for her development so
gran .y successful, but yet standing out
in bold relief as a separate and distinct
evidence of greatness of soul will be the
generous deeds performed by this great
hearted man who lies cold and lifeless in
his beautiful home, in itself a monument
to his refined and cultured nature. Yes,
the State at large has met with a loss Be
vere, indeed, in that one of its most dis
tinguished pioneer miners has left it for
ever; but Its loss is but a trifle us com
pared with those narrower sections where
he was almost daily st-f-n and the better
known— ln his much loved county of Ne
vada. There will be a void in the ranks
of its citizens which no other man can
fill, and in the little, peaceful town of
North San Juan the loss of Robert Mc-
Murray will ho the most severely felt.
for it was there especially that "Mac."
in the presence of that large family, that
included all the people, of whatever age,
sc-x or condition, was at horne — with I
who hailed his coming with delight, and
were lonely when he was absent. Respect
fully. C. E. L.
Oakland, June 2*.
IN MEMORY OF SMALLWOOD.
The monument in honor of General Wil
liam Smallwood, the Revolutionary sol
'li'-r, at the Smallwood place, in Charles
County, Md., will be dedicated on July
4. The inscription on the monument is as
follows:
In Memory of
General William Small wood,
A Hero of the American Revo
lution, and a Native of
Maryland.
Commissioned Colonel In 1776,
Brigadier General in 1777,
Major General in 17S0. Elected
Governor of Maryland In 1755.
Died February H, 1732.
Erected by the Maryland So
ciety Sons of the American
Revolution.
July 4. XB9S.
STRANGE MISREPRESENTATION
Is all the army gathered in Tampa and
Cape Thomas (sic) like that? The reports
coming from there will answer th<? ques
tion, for our war correspondent glvea B
vivid description of camp life in Key
West, where the old piratical traditions
of that former nest of pirates are being
now resuscitated. Since the sailors, the
cowboys, the Indian scouls (sic), the black
regiments and the prairie riders have
awakened the old instincts, the people
are being: reminded of their "heroic past,"
and Key West is to-day a den of jobbers;
the boldest imagination could not find
colors bright enough to represent the ro
mantic traits of such a scene. The motley
mob plunders there in broad daylight,
steal every thing on which they can lay
hands, and break into the hotels — mostly
improvised structures— and into all Gov
ernment buildings. It was high time to
proclaim martial law there, for the reg
ular troops, who have but very vague
ideas of discipline, have begun to assist,
their plundering brethren. There, between
Tampa, Cayenne, Hayti and Panama,
there always existed in times of peace an
innumerable crowd of broken-down fugi
tives from European law courts, of ad
venturers and desperadoes, such as no
other region of the globe ever saw. Now
they have all met there. • • The ships
captured by the American navy do not
escape from such "philanthropic" pro
ceedings; on some of them everything
movable has been stolen; whole cargoes
of wine and cigars are missing. "When
some time ago the Government decided to
send two of those ships to New Orleans
the sailors rebelled and would not sur
render them without a fight.— Extract
from Bund, Berne.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THOSE qualities which make
the Royal Baking Powder
so valuable for use in the
preparation of food for the Army
and Nayy — high leavening strength,
superlative purity, perfect keeping
— are absolutely requisite also to
the baking powder that will do
perfect work in the home kitchen.
Royal keeps fresh until used (others
do not), and this means even work,
cake, biscuit and bread uniformly
the best. Royal has qualities pe-
culiar to itself which cause it to
serve perfectly where other brands
fail.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO, NEW YOHtQ
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
E. F. LOUD. — Congressman Loud was
born in Abington, Mass., March 12. IM7.
At the age of 13 he -went to sea. In 1862
he enlisted in the California cavalry bat
talion, which became part of the Second
Massachusetts Cavalry: remained until
the close of the war; returned to Califor
nia; studied law: was in the customs Ber
vice; in the mercantile business; was in
the Legislature in 1884; was cashier in
the San Francisco Tax Collector's office
just previous to his election to the House
of Representatives.
AN INTRODUCTION— A. 8., Pescadero,
Cal. This correspondent wants to know if
it is proper for a lady to say on being in
troduced to a gentleman, "I am pleased to
meet you." That depends whether it is a
pleasure to her to make the acquaint
of the gentleman. If it is not a pleasure
there is no rule of etiquette that requires
her to tell an untruth. If it is a pleasur.-"
she should so say. but if it is not she
should not say anything, but acknowle<lio»
the introduction with a bow and then pro
ceed with conversation if there is occasion
for such.
MAGUIRE— C. H. J., City. James G.
Maguire, Representative from California,
was born in Boston, Mass., February 22,
1553. He came to California with hig
parents in I\>J. was educated in the p'ib
lic schools of 'Watsonville, Santa Cruz
County, and in a private academy of that
place. After leaving school he s
four years learning the trade of a black
smith, and after that taucht school for
two years and a half. He then studied
law. and in 1875 was elected to the Legis
lature, and in 1878 he was admitted to
practice in the Supreme Court of tha
State of California.
ENLISTMENT FOR THE WAR— J. E.
R., Banning, Cal. By the terms "for two
years or the war" men have enlisted for
the period of two years. At the expira
tion of that time they are entitled to their
discharge from the service, but should
the war terminate before the expiraii"u
of two years the Government would have
tht- right to muster them out. That was
done during the Civil War, when the en
listments were for "three years or the
war." At the end of three years t!
were discharged at the expiration ol
of enlistment, but as the war was not
over, the Government gave each man who
would re-enlist a furlough and a bounty
of <_■
MAIL TO SOLDIERS— J. M. .and s-v
fr.-il others, City. Mail intended for s.il
<H<TS at Manila will cl<>s*- this morning at
8 o'clock. This mail will be taken by one
of tli" transports.
Mail intended for soldiers or saifors in
the service of the Un'ted States will be
sent through the regular channels. The
matter should be plainly addressed to the
name of the individual, his rank, name of
the organization to which he belonged,
place at which he was last heard of. and
deposited in the postofflce or a postofflce
box. The postal authorities will then for
ward the same by the most direct route.
The rate of postage is domestic post
age; that is, the same as charged for any
mail matter sent to any part of the
United States.
Letters mailed by soldiers who went
with the first expedition to Manila will
reach San Francisco in thirty or thirty
five days. It will depend on the means
of communication between Manila and
Hongkong.
Mail dropped at Honolulu will reach
San Francisco in about eight days.
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front St. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The origin of the word "sirloin of beef"
Is variously stated. One account tells us
that King James I, of witch-hunting
memory, knighted a loin of beef at a ban
quet, which joint was ever after called
"sirloin." Another story ascribed the
freak of Charles 11.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing- Syrup"
Has b^en used over fifty years by miatons of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wir.sluw's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
COROXADO — Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from tho
mists common further north. Round-trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $65; longer stay,
J2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st.,
S. F., or E. P. BABCOCK, Manager Hotel del
Coronado, Coronado, Cal.
The Santa Fe Route will run second excur
sion to Grand Canyon of the Colorado, Arizona,
on Thursday, June 30. Noted scientists will ac
company the party. A pleasant and profitable
trip. Get lull particulars at No. 6U Market St.
AN IMPRESSIVE SCENE.
That was an impressive scene at the
graduating exercises of the Kansas State
Normal School the other day. • It appears
that a short time ago a number of thu
brightest young men in the senior class
enlisted ana. are now at Chickamauga.
When they left, it was said they would
not receive their diplomas: but when tho
class of 130, Including tne absentees' emp
ty chairs, were seated on the platform
the diplomas were awarded, with the re
mark, "Absent on duty at their country's
call." The whole affair touchingly Illus
trates the intelligence of the American
soldier and also that of the men and
women who guide the destinies of Ameri
can educational Institutions.— St. Louis
Republic.HONORS FOR
IOWA'S SONS
Valor Crowned by Beauty
at the Pavilion.
SOLDIERS ROYALLY GREETED
FIVE THOUSAND PEOPLE AT
TEND THE RECEPTION.
The Red Cross Society Well Repre
sented — An Entertainment That
Was Managed With Sin
gular Success.
Mechanics' Pavilion was ablaze with
light and color last evening, the occa
sion being a magnificent reception ten
dered lowa's hardy representatives, the
Fifty-first Regiment by the Native
Daughters of this city.
When the lowa boys marched before
the tremendous gathering, with a .true
military swine: and soldierly bearing,
headed by their splendid band, a shout
of greeting arose from the throats of
the 5000 present that nearly raised the
roof.
The programme prepared by Golonel
Loper was presented in its entirety,
and every number was loudly applaud
ed. In quick order the various num
bers on the following programme were
gone through and every movement was
watched with deep interest:
Band concert, Fifty-first Infantry, lowa Vol
unteer band; entrance of Fifty-first Infantry,
lowa Volunteers; guard mounting, details from
all companies, old officer of the day. Captain
Butterfield: new officer of the day. Captain
Mount: officer of the guard. Lieutenant Point:
adjutant. Lieutenant Davidson; hiyslcal drill
■with arms, Company H, Captain Ington;
company drill. Company L, Captain Pryor;
music. "The Stars and Stripes Forever"
(Sousa), Fifty-first Infantry, lowa Volunteer
band: battalion parade, second battalion, Ma-
Jor Hume; bayonet exercise. Company A, Cap
tain Gibson; extended order drill. Company M.
Captain Clark; review by Major General Mer
ritt, U. S. A.
The extended order drill of Company
M, under command of Captain Clark,
won an ovation. Such precision and
unanimity has seldom been seen in
this city. Without a word of com
mand but simply by a movement of
sword, the little officer made his well
drilled company go through a number
of difficult evolutions. Their firing
without signal was like clockwork and
received many favorable comments.
The companies disengaged were
marched into the machinery hall and
were refreshed with coffee, fruit and
dainties by the ladies whose guests
they were.
Owing to a press of business Major
General Merritt could not be present,
and Major General Otis reviewed the
in his stead.
Tho regiment marched past in per
alignment and saluted the general.
Many of the companies were bedecked
with carnations, pr — nted them in the
banquet hall, and made a pleasing
sight.
The Reel - iciety was well re
nted by its members, and on the
many posts supporting the gallery was
Th>- beautiful insignia of the ' society,
that has won j axd during
the last two months. ■
The following Native Daughters as-
I in makin last nierht's affair one
• remembered: Mrs. Bolder
■iv Dr. Holderman. Miss
Piper. Miss Cr-.-igh. Mrs. L. Carlie, Miss
Carrie Creigh. Miss Martin. Mrs. Theo.
Lundstedt, Mrs. Bossi, Mrs. Ralph,
Mrs. Anderson, Mrs. J. H. Harrington.
Mrs. Day, Miss Piper, Dr. Selling, Mrs.
C. Kervanr, Miss Richter. Miss L.
Smith. Mrs. Brackett, Mrs. Kemp Van
Ec, .' .•:!. Mrs. Aig<-ltinger,
Mrs. Deruse, Mrs. L. B. Mills, Mrs;
Hackmeier, Miss B. Mayer, Miss Mc-
Carthy, Mrs. Meyer, Mrs. Bradley, Mrs.
Mocker, Mrs. Tillman, Mrs. Frazier.
Mrs. Griff, Miss Noonan, Miss Rush.
Mrs. Barton, Misa MCLaughlin, Miss
M. Layton, Miss M. Waters. Mrs.
Munsort, Mrs. Schmidt, Miss R°ichling
Mrs. Williams, Mrs. Poley, Miss Tt
schif Miss Day, Miss yon Staden, Miss
Lev Miss Babcock and M!ss Mc-
Dougal.
ENDED HIS LIFE
WITH FUSEL OIL
JOURNALIST HAROLD LEACH
COMMITS SUICIDE.
A New Poison for Self-Destruction
Entered on the Records of the
Coroner's Office.
It is a traditional belief In the Coroner's
office that there is "nothing new in sui
cides"—that there is ever "a similar, case"
In the archives of the city dead house.
There Is also a dictum that the profes
sional man, the handler of gross or
Fuoile poisons, seldom, if ever, uses this
knowledge to commit self-murder by the
I easiest and most painless manner. Jn
other words, that when he resorts to sui
cide he usually adopts a brutal method.
A case that came to the Morgua yester
day, however, disproved both these propo
sitions. It was that of Harold Leach, a
Journalist and educated in law. He was
an exceedingly bright and versatile writer
both in pruse and verse, and many a
clever skit from his yen is still going the
rounds of the press.
For several years he has been a con
tributor to numerous "publications in the
East, but baa devoted his time largely to
the editing of the Wholesalers' and Re
tailors' Review, a journal published In
this city in the interest of the liquor
trade. 11l health pursued him till he fin
ally lost his voice, and he evidently eon
i that the battle of life was not
worth further waging. Accordingly, he
.red for a novel exit, and his efforts
■vv, ri successful. He w;is found dead on
Boor of his room at SOS Mission street,
ami a vial on his dresser told the story
of his self-destruction. It contained a
■mall quantity of fusel oil, diluted with
An autopsy disclosed the fact
that the body was saturated with the
drup. notwithstanding the fact that he
was not a hard drinking man. Fusel oil
la composed of a number <>f ethers and
acids found in alcohol, and gives to bran
mi whiskies what Is known as the
"aroma" or " bouquet.' The dead man
knew iliP • s of the concentrated
stuff and made use of his knowled^
fectually. as shown by the fact that medi
cal authorities describe the results of the
administration of the poison as delirium,
: ular paralysis and coma, followed by
death.
'ihe relatives of the deceased reside In
Bcranton, Pa.
Ready for the Convention.
The various committees of the Anrl-
Civil Service League met In B'nal B'rith
Hull yesterday afternoon and reported
everything In readiness for the opening
of the convention to-day. Colonel George
Babcock of Alameda has been selected a?
ej.-t.aker at the convention and mass meet
ing, and the address <>f welcome will be
delivered by Judge T. F. Bachelder, State
organizer of the league. Bonfires will be
built at Eddy and Mason and Taylor and
Eddy street.-.
Christian Commission.
A meeting of the Army Christian Com
mißsion was held in the Occidental Hotel
yesterday afternoon and it was decided to
erect extra tenta at Oakland, Camp Mer
litt. Camp Barrett and the Presidio as
Boon as they can be procured.
Resolutions were adopted In recognition
of the good work already done by the
brotherhood of St. Andrew, Christian En
r and kindred societies and request
lug their co-operation in the work which
la waiting for willing hands and earnest
minds to take up. An appeal to ihe pib
lic was also adopted, outlining the work
of the commission and requesting a»d. A
badge has been adopted consisting of a
-•angle with the American flag :.i the
v and on either side the lettei "<'."
A number of co-operating members rep
resenting ths various churches throughout
the State were elect* d.
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS.
A Splendid Entertainment Given by
the Members of Company O.
Company O, League of the Cross Ca
dets, gave a splendid entertainment at
Metropolitan Hall last evening, for the
!>• nefit of the armory and uniform fund.
The exercises opened with an organ
solo by Professor Harrison, after which
Captain Harry C. o'Neil made- a short
address of welcome. Colonel W. P. Sul
llvan, who acted as chairman, then gave
;i short history of the organization and
work "f tin-- regiment In general, and
Company O in particular. This was fol
lowed by some Qrst-class vi"-;ii music by
the Alamo quartet, consisting at Miss
Grace Sherry. Mr«. Anita Turner. Mile.
Ellen Roeckel and Miss May Mabie, and
recitations by Mrs. Margaret Killen.
Hon. J. G. Maguh-e wai to have
the orator of the <■'> ■ Ding, i>i;t as i.
unable to attend, his place was ably filled
by Frank .1. Murasky, who in ki eping
with the tin'.<-s a lecture bearing i'li
the stirring events <>f the day— the differ
ent phases of the war with Spain. The ex
ercises concluded with a vocal solo by
Thomas C. Leary and a clever charac
ter sketch by Miss Clair Folix.
WILL FURNISH A
HOSPITAL SHIP
RED CROSS SOCIETY OFFERS ONE
TO THE GOVERNMENT.
An Immense Public Meeting to Be
Held Xo-Morrow Night — Re
ports to Be Read.
Judge \V. W. Morrow was Instructed by
the executive board of tho Red Cross So-
Clety yesterday to communicate with the
tary of War and ascertain under
what conditions a hospital Bhip, paid for
by the citizens of this city, would be re
: i: a favorable reply Is Bent it is
tlif intention of the socle tj to begin work
with a view to presenting a fully equii'i ea
hospital for service in Manila.
Five hundred dollars additional will be sent
In care of Major Rice for use of the California
troops and nurse representatives of the so
ciety.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington, president of the
State organization, will appoint a special com
mittee to-day whose duty it will he to look
into and report on what care will be taken of
nurses sent to Manila.
General Merritt sent the following order to
Mrs. Harrington on Monday:
"The California State Red Cross Association.
a department of the national organization of
i the Red Cross, will be recognized as such in
I the Department of the Pacitic and afforded
ail proper facilities in its preparatory work.
Its physicians, employes and supplies will be
allowed on transport vessels conveying United
States troops to the Philippines in such num
j bert and quantities as may be approved by the
> surgeon in charge."
A complete report of work already done by
the local Red Cross Society was sent to the
National Red Cross Society and the receipt of
it was acknowledged by the following tele
gram which was received yesterday:
"Mrs. l.'ur.bar — Secretary California Red
Cross: Report 13th received and highly com
mended. Our delegate, Judge Sheldon, will
reach San Francisco in about ten days. Com
mand us freely for advice and encouragement.
"BARTON."
A letter written by an officer connected with
the California regiment to his family had the
following interesting bit of news tor the Red
Cross workers. He says: "The books, maga
: zincs and papers donated by the Red Cross
S.oclety have proved a great source of pleasure
i to all hands and have lessened the monotony
I of the run here to a great extent. The next
: expedition should be furnished with a good
supply of salt water soap In order that the
1 men may be able to use salt water to wash
1 with, as it is not practicable to furnish enough
.fresh water for this purpose. It is purposed
! to erect a large canvas bath tub after we
1 leave Honolulu for the men to bathe In. The
water will be supplied by one of the pumps so
I there will be a continuous flow of clean water
into it at all times during the day and even
ing."
Mrs. Harrington states that the next expedi
tion will be furnished with the above neces
; saries by the society, thus enabling the men to
enjoy their cooling dip.
Following is one of the many letters received
i by the society:
COUNCIL BLUFFS, la,. June 22. IS9S.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington. President of the Red
Cross Society, San Francisco, Cal. — Dear
Madam: The people of lowa feel more than
grateful to yourself and co-workers for the
cordial welcome accorded the Fifty-first Regi
: ment, lowa Infantry Volunteers, on their ar
, rival in San Francisco.
While a kindness shown any of the lowa
troops would be appreciated, we feel especially
grateful because a company of our boys were
among the troops participating in that same
thoughtfulness, and In the name of the rela
tives and friends of Company L, I desire to
thank you. Very sincerely.
FRANCES BEATRICE FrNLEY.
Secretary of the Council Bluffs Woman's Sani
tary Heller Extension.
The following linns received during the past
few days brought the State fund up to J9262 50:
Trucked. ISO; I "wey Chapter, Ukiah, $12; Love
lock, Butte County, $10 25; Batter Creek, $10;
San Joaquln. $1.0; Hopland, $20; lone. $10: Ne
vada City, $50; Napa. $100; Danville, $12; Calls
toga, $20; Los Angeles, $125; Centervllle. $12 50;
Monterey and Pacific Grove, $1S 50.
An open meeting of the San Francisco Red
Cross Society will be held in Golden Gate Hall
to-morrow evening. President Mrs. John F.
Merrill will preside and reports of all branches
of work done by the organization will be read.
Mrs. Marriner Campbell has arranged several
patriotic choruses for the occasion. The Viva
la America quartet, composed of the Misses
Ellen Marks, Marguerite Olcese, Hilda Green
and Isabelle Van Pelt will sing. Rudyard Kip
ling's recessional hymn put to music by De
Koven will be sung by Misses Marks, Green,
Olcese and Van Pelt, and Messrs. Louis Wier
Clarence Wendell, H. Williams, Walter C.
Campbell and W. E. Thompson. The Fourth
Cavalry hand will be in attendance. A recep
tion committee consisting of F. G. Sanborn,
Horace Davis, A. P. Redding, Fannie Lent,
H. Martinez, J. de Greayer, Robert McKenzle,
Charles W. Slack, Samuel Knight and J. B.
Stetson will assist
The following ushers will be on duty: Misses
Eleanor Wood, Ida Gibbons, May Denninn, El
llta Redding, Hoyt. Nellie Stevenot, Donald
son, Knowlton, Mary Kllnk, Norrlngton, Tlch
nor, Foster, Durbrow, Woodward, Else Clark,
Lora Clark, Taylor, Luclle Smith, G. Smith.
Lectures for volunteer male nurses for Manila
will be delivered at the Polyclinlc, 410 Ellis
street, by lecturers from the University of Cali
fornia, Cooper Medical College and the County
Hospital. Applications, stating references and
age, should be sent to the headquarters of the
Red Cross Society in the Claus Spreckels
building. The cnw of the lectures will be an
nounced later.
Donations were received yesterday by the Pan
Francisco Red Cross Society from Relmont
School, Mrs. R. Wilson. Miss Jordan, Miss
Weber. Mrs. Walker. Newman <fc Tlfkwitz
Mrs. .T. G. Walkor. Mr. K. E. Tarker. School
of Mechanical Arts. Miss Lottie Greenfl^M
No«?-street Red Cress Aid. Neville & Co Fo
rum Club. Mrs. P. llurlimann. Legge & Mills
Mrs, William M. Lent Mrs. Knell, D r
P.essie Armstrong, Fotum Clnh, S. P. R R
depot, Mrs. ,T. B. Roberts. Native Daughters
(large, donation). Mrs. B. W. Harris Mrs
Orothwell, St. I.uke'H Guild. Mrs. Bird Helen'
and Raymond Ashton, Mrs. G. E Bates
Mrs. Humphrey, Odd Fellows and Rebek-ih
Soldiers' Rellpf Committee (large do
nation), Noe-Btreet Red Cross Society, Dun
comb's Ambulance Agency, Miss Emily Fng
wer. Lulu Reynolds. H. O. and A. F Baker
Mrs. A. Mulvey. F. H. Ames * Co.. Mr Held'
Woman's Exchange, Bt Barnabas Guild Mrs'
A. B. Townsend, young ladies of St. Paul's
Lutheran Church", Mrs. R. L C Barnes \«n
M Franklin.
Mrs. Smith, manager at 11 Po^t street, begs
for folding fans, as the boys all need them
and the tarre Ones take up so much room'
that the fold'nif on^s are jrrpntlv In demnnl
Donations were received at the State rooms
from Potter Valley, Bants 'Mam. Pumnfi
lief Corps. Stockton: Fort Bragg, Salinas Ins
'lit .«. Miss Amy Bowles, Oakland: Napa Red
Cross Society. Livermore. Christian Ladies'
Aid Bociety, Miss Myra Jeffers, £en Lorrond-
Redding, J. B. Terrlll, Newark.
The following subscriptions were received
yesterday: Children's Fair, at Mrs Slnav's
1217 Webster street. $44 57: public school fund"
$9 40; Noe Valley School. $7: memberships, $36;
baseball game between fire Insurance and
wholesale milliners, $12S 73: Lehenbaum $1 %•
Raphaels'. 60c: Mechanics' Library, $1; City of
Paris. $7 50; Emporium. Jl 7.'.; G.,].U*>rg \.
Bowen. Sut er street, $2 50; Wakelep's 13 ■
Goldberg & Bowrn, Pine street. $16 50- em
ployes Payn» Bott. Maker, $20 75; 11. Bel
mont. BOc: Mrs W. T-i. Harrlnrt .m JV Inde
pendent Free Thought Spiritualist. $5; total,
Funeral of Miss Maria L. Soule.
The funeral services of Miss Maria Li.
Soule of the Denman Grammar School
was conducted at her late residence, 220s
Grove street, on Monday "by the Rev. Hor
atio Stebblns in the presence of her ven
erable father and a large assemblage os
friends, pupils and teachers. Loving hand*
had converted the home of this noble and
useful woman into a bower of roses. Th«
remarks at the grave were made by Hon.
James Denman.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal.
ifornla Fireworks Co., 213 Front st. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 189 8.
THE GREAT DAY
WE CELEBRATE
An Impressive Feature
of the Fourth.
5000 MEN WILL MARCH
AN APPEAL FOR GENERAL
DECORATION.
Major General Otis Writes to Grand
Marshal Borlini of the Regi
ments That Will Join
the Parade.
The extensive preparations that have
in progress for the celebration of the
Fourth are about complete.
The fireworks will be as elaborate as ort
former occasions of the kind; a number
of San Francisco's best orators will do
liver appropriate addresses and the finest
bands will furnish music.
The one feature that will mark the cele
bration of this year among all others In
the history of the city will be the parade
of the military. Over SCM) of the soldiers
of the blue who are waiting here for a
chance to fight in a foreign war will lino
up to march and make the day a gala oc
casion.
Major General Otis last night announced
the troops to march and the order of their
marching in the following letter to Gran<*
Marshal Alfred A. Borlini:
Headquarters Independent Division Philippine
Island* Expeditionary Forces, Camp Merritt,
June 28, 1898.
Alfred A. Borlini Grand Marshall Fourth
of July Committee, California Hotel, Pan Fran
cisco, Cal. — Dear sir: Replying to your letter
of the. 24th inst. i have the honor to inform
you as follows:
First— The following organization? have been
designated to take pan In tbe parade in your
city or the 4;h prox. :
Seventh California, Colonel J. R. Berry,
oommandlng.
Twentieth Kansas, Colonel F. Funston com
manding.
Fust Tennessee. Colonel "William C. Smith
commanding.
llr>t lowa, Colonel J. C. Loper com
tnanding.
. n.-anizations will he formed into a
tnanded by Brigadier General
n Gray iitis, with whom you are re
quested to confer as to details of line of
march, location of troops, etc.
Th» organizations above are named accord-
Ing to the seniority of their commanding ottl
cers.
::<i— So far ns is known no officers desire
to ride in carr
Third— The relative position of the troop*
will be determined by the brigade commander.
As United States troops they should of course
ght of !in = at the head of column.
Fourth- Each of the above named regiments
own land.
ral Otis win inform you as to
the n> cessity of furnishing you any more
bands than may be needed.
Jfour queries have been answered In your
letter above referred to, Aery respectfully,
THOMAS H. BARRY,
Assistant Adjutant General.
That there shall he no dearth of decora
tion the committee on that matter haa
addressed the appeal to every one who
has a place to tack a flag:
Fellow Citizens: In this year which Is
made I ions achievements
of America's sons, it is the desire of the corn
appointed to arrange for a fitting cele
bration ol the Fourth of July in th!s city that
every means be adopted to show the patriot-
Ism of San Francisco.
Realizing that you have been called upon
frequently of late to subscribe toward patri
otic undertakings, the committee has decided
to limit its expenditures to the amount of
money yearly appropriated for celebration pur
poses by the Board of Supervisors, and not to
ask the merchants or other citizens, as former
ly, for subscriptions.
You are, however, hereby respectfully re
quested to co-operate with your neighbors In
the matter of decorations. It will be impos
sible for this committee in observing the econ
omy adopted, to expend any amount for street
decorations; and therefore, it relies upon you
to exhibit your patriotism by expending "the
amount you would have subscribed to this
committee for the celebration, in decorating
your place of business in conjunction with
your neighbors, so that the line of parade may
be a continual decoration.
The committee feels confident in leaving this
matter In your hands, that you will aid In
making the city by the Golden Gate feel proud
when it awakes on the morning of the Fourth
of July and gazes on its patriotic dress Re
spectfully, J. E. O'DOXNELL.
President of the Fourth of July Commute*.
F. B. GIBSON. Chairman Decoration Com
mittee.
GREAT A. 0 . H. CELEBRATION.
Centennial of the Irish Rebellion to
Be Fittingly Observed on
July 4,
The Ancient Order of Hibernians have
arranged for a great national celebration
on July 4 at Schuetzen Park, San Rafael.
Since the union of the two branches of
this order throughout the United States
it has made great progress and
its membership has been largely increas
ed. The present year, the centennial
year of the Irish rebellion, it has held
celebrations in nearly every city and
town in the United States. These cele
brations have been of a twofold charac
ter, in that they also included patriotic
demonstrations in behalf of this country
in its war with Spain. Occasion was also
taken at each celebration to pass resolu
tions against the proposed alliance with
England.
In this city the order has determined to
celebrate on the national holiday, and
great preparations have been made for a
notable display. There will be a proces
sion to the ferry, led by the Knights of
the Red Branch Rifles. A first-class
band will furnish music for dancing,
which will kept, up all day. Professors
M' Mahon and McCarthy will provide the
jig and reel music, and platforms have
been built for che dancers. The profes
sional dancers will include Messrs. Kel
leher, O'Connor and others, and a large
number of amateurs have entered. Val
uable prizes will be^ awarded. There will
also be games, including tug of war con
tests, races of all kinds and jumping,
throwing the hammer, etc. The patriotic
exercises will be held on a special plat
form. Hon. Robert Ferral will deliver the
oration. The poem will be by Eustace
Ouelman. Augustine Costello of New
York will deliver an address on the evils
of alliance with England. "The Star
spangled Banner" will be sung. The
Declaration of Independence will be read
and the memories of " '9S" revived by
song and recitation.
In the Divorce Courts.
Elizabeth Buck was granted a divorce
from George K. Buck by Judge Bahrs
yesterday on the ground of cruelty. The
plaintiff was allowed to resume her maid
en name, Murphy.
Ella M. Mahew was granted a divorce
from W. Allen Mayhew on the ground of
willful desertion.
Margaret Henberry has applied for a
divorce from John Henberry, alleging
failure to provide as a cause of action.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion were lik-d by Leah A. Davis
against David Davis, Marguret Meihan
against George Meihan, Cordelia Schu
mann against Henry Schumann, and
Catherine McDonald against P. H. Mc-
Donald. Anna Keenan complains that her
husband. Patrick J. Keenan, has cruelly
treated her and she has applied for a di
vorce on that ground.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths, North Beach.
Nearly Crushed by a Fence.
John Allison and his son, W. J. Allison,
of 511 Folsom street, were passing a new
ly erected building on Second street, near
Market, about 7 o'clock last evening,
when a fence about nine feet high, erect
ed above the sidewalk, fell. Young Alli
son, with much presence of mind, thrust
his father out into the street and then,
by agility, escaped with nothing worse
than a contused shoulder. Luckily there
wore no others passing beneath the fence
or numerous serious if not fatal results
might have followed Its fall.
LOADED WITH SOLDIERS FOR MANILA
The Troopship Valencia Sailed Yesterday for the Philippines
Carrying the North Dakota Regiment.
After many delays the troopship Valencia finally got away with the North Dakota troops aboard yesterday. No
body knew the hour she would sail, and In consequence there was little or no demonstration along the front. She passed
Meiggs wharf at 4:35 p. m. and, going full speed, was soon out of sight.
The steamer was to have been ready to sail with the Ohio, Indiana, Morgan City and City of Para last Monday,
but she was delayed. The Boldiers were sent down to her and she was ordered to sail with the tide yesterday morning.
Again the steamer was not ready and positive orders were sent for her to get into the stream at 3:30 p. m. At that hour
there was still some boiler tubes and machinery on the wharf, and it was after 4 o'clock before the vessel's lines were
ready to cast u:'f. Then she started away under a full head of steam on her way to Honolulu.
The Valencia is a good 12-knot steamer and made splendid time on her way out here from the East. She will go to
Honolulu at full speed, and as the other four vessels of the fleet will not average better than 10 knots the Valencia will
not be far behind when the islands are reached.
The Newport, with General Merritt aboard, sails to-day, and as she also will go down at full speed she will reach Hon
olulu before the rest of the fleet has coaled.
SUDDEN DEATH
OF A NOTARY
John F. Lyons Dropped
Dead in a Chair.
HE WAS A STATE PIONEER
A WELL-KNOWN POLITICIAN
AND BUSINESS MAN.
Had Been Troubled With Heart Fail
ure for Years and Finally
Succumbed to the
Disease.
John F. Lyons, the well known notary
publii-. died suddenly la*t evening in a
grocery Btore at the corner of Jones and
o'Fii.rrell streets. He was going to his
home at 2202 Steimr street i r attending
a lodge meeting when he \ taken with
an attack of heart trouble and went into
tho grocery and asked tor a glass of
seltzer. After drinking the water he
seated himself in a chair and a few mo
ments later was found to be dead. Deputy
Coroner Tyrell took the body to the
Morgue, from where it was removed as
soon as the friends had been notified.
Mr. Lyons was born In Ireland fifty-six
years ago and came to this country in his
early youth. His father, Dennis Lyons,
was one of the pioneers of California and
the founder of the Monitor. For a num
ber of years the deceased has been in
business as a notary public at 607 Mont
gomery street. He was a familiar figure
around the Custom-house and Appraisers'
building, and has for years had nearly all
the business of the Government officials,
who each month have to swear to tluir
salary warrants. He also did a large
business in procuring United States pass-
The Democratic party, with which Mr.
Lyons was affiliated, loses a hard worker
by his death. lie was prominently iden
tified with every Democratic movement,
and, while never an office-seeker himself,
generally had considerable influence with
party leaders as far aa appointments
The deceased was a member of the old
Volunteer Fire Department and at the
time of his death belonged to the Exempt
Firemen. He was also an active worker
in the A. O. U. W., and one of these or
ders will probably have of the
Mr. Lyons had been afflicted with heart
trouble for some time and his death was
not entirely unexpected. He leaves a
widow and daughter, Mrs. Thomas S.
Burns, who, with her husband, lives at
the home of her mother.
FOR THE IRISH FAIR.
Important Meeting to Report Prog
ress To-Nignt.
The one hundred members of the Hon
orary Advisory Hoard of the big Irlsn
Fair and Industrial Exposition, which will
open Aug. 20 at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
will meet with President Jeremiah Deasy
at the Occidental Hotel this evening ana
will arrange for a permanent organization
and for committees on reception ana
opening night addresses. The members
of the Fair Executive Committee and del
egates from many of the Irish societies
not members of the Celtic Union are also
to be present. Manager Buckley will pre
sent a written report that will give those
present some idea of the wonderful pro
gress the management has made in pre
paring for this event.
The exhibits are rapidly being assigned
and they embrace the many that will
come from Ireland, including one to con
sist of views, posters and literature from
the two big railway companies— the Great
Northern Railway and the Cork. Ba&don
and South Coast Railway. The linen an«
hosiery exhibits will be made by Andrew
Maguire. Pirn Bros, and the well known
firm of Richardson Sons & Owen of Bel
fast. The Union Iron "Works will make
an exhibit of warship models and of plans
and views. The Stockton Art Pottery
Works will show modeling and decorating
of the pretty Rekston ware in a large
booth on the main floor.
Charles R. Laidlaw will exhibit lathes,
drills and tools with power and turn out
some handsome metal souvenirs free. Till
mann & Bendel, the Aunt Jemima Pancake
Flour Company, Empire Milling Company,
Laumeister Mills. St. George Vineyard,
California Art Glass Company, Spohn-
Patrick Company, Chicago Parlor Folding
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Bed Company, St. Helena Sanitarium
Company and many others are to mako
creditable exhibits and the floor space l»
pretty well taken.
In addition to those named as numbers
of the Honorary Advisory Board the fol
lowing haw rt-r-eiitly accepted the imita
tion of the committee to Berve: Oscar
Lewis, mans ger of the Manufacturers
and Producers' of California Association;
P. J. Healey of the Mechanics' Institute
Directory, Colonel J. S. Young, F. B. Lori
gan. T. A. Burns, Hon. W. K. Fitzgerald,
Attorney General: James O'Brien, J. J.
Barry, T. P. Crowley and others. The ex
ecutive committee of the fair meets to
morrow night.
FATHER CARRAHER HONORED.
Impressive Ceremony in Commemora
tion of the Twenty-Fifth Anni
versary of His Priesthood.
To honor the silver jubilee of the priest
hood of Father Carraher solemn and im
pressive ceremony was observed yester
day at St. Francis Church, of which he
is pastor. Solemn high mass w;>s cele
brated at 10:30 o'clock by the jubilarian,
assisted by the priests of the parish.
An eloquent sermon on the subject of
the priesthood of Father Carraher and
the good accomplished by bis long life
in it was delivered by the Rev. Father
Lagun of San Rafael. Archbishop Rior
dan, who occupied a seat of state on an
improvised throne in the sanctuary, de
livered a short address on the same
theme, in which he reviewed the life of
the faithful disciple of the Savior, con
gratulating him on the success of his
mission and the g r >od work accomplished
in that section of the city under his im
mediate control.
Jmmer'Jately after mass a banquet was
tendered the aged priest, being partici
pated in by the Archbishop and about
sixty Invited guests.
The beautifully decorated church dur
ing the ceremonies was crowded to its
utmost capacity, and long before the bell
tolled the hour of mass it was found 6e
cessary to close the doors.
In the evening an entertainment was
given in honor of the occasion at Wash
ington Hal] by the ladies of the parish.
I Miring the course of the programme Fa
ther Carraher delivered an eloquent ad
dress on his appreciation of the efforts of
the ladles, the priests and the Arch
bishop, who had done so much in making
the jubilee a memorable event in his ca
reer as a priest.
THE BANK WON.
The Tax Collector Enjoined From Col-
lecting on an Arbitrary-
Assessment.
In the ense of the London and San Fran
cisco Bank against Tax Collector Block
for an injunction to restrain him from
seizing property of the bank for the pay
ment of taxes claimed by the bank to
have been illegally levied, Circuit Judge
Morrow yesterday made an order that
ADVERTISEMENTS.
l-D-i-B+m+lS+B+B+a+B+H+B+B+B+H+B+B+B+n+B+B+B+nH
ARE YOU A WEAK MAN?
y'^asSS^JV A Weak Woman?
/ W^^^^^^i- \ Nerves Tremble?
/ nW^lis^ 3 is Does Your
i 3 J Back Ache ?
\/*#iii^r"^ g n° you FEEL any OF THE
' ll^llf^l' "^^^Ss^ S effects of past neglect of the
XjPS^P&V. Aw laws of health The thoughtless.
N ~- /J ness of boyhood and the ignorance
\&/(\ v^^.^* 3 *^/ of girlhood ruin thousands of lives.
They take away nature's vitality,
which is the groundwork of health.
Perfect mannood depends upon it. True and lovely womanhood is
impossible without it . ■ - , - • k. :
Electricity has done much for us. It is a natural invigorant. No
better way of using it can be found than D. Sanden's Electric Belt. Its
strengthening effects are given gently. Men grow stronger day by day,
and weak women regain the flush of health from it
"I was weak and debilitated for eight years/could not sleep, had poor circulation
and was nearly gone Now, thanks to your Belt, I never lie more than five minutes
before lam sound asleep, and wake up bright and fresh. I feel better than I have
done for twenty years. ■ ' • •' _ . ~ _, „
"A. L. WHITE, Music Teacher, 516 Ellis Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is: a grand remedy. Its power is felt in-
stantly. The blood jumps with life from it. A valuable book for either sex
will be sent free upon request Consultation free and invited. Call or address
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in drug stores. *
un. A. 1. DAnuEiix, NOT IN DRUG STORES.
. 702 Market Street, Corner Kearny, 8m Francisco. • . .
Office hours. 8 A. M. to 8 P. M. : ! Sundays. Dr. , Sanden's . Electric Belt
10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204% Is never sold In drug stores
South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents,
ton street; Denver. Col.. 931 Sixteenth street; ; ° . '■ "?"""• *« Bnl "-
- Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. •. ; >■ 3+ — r— — • -*
within ten days the bank tender to the
Assessor $7327 51. being the amount ad
mitted to be due from the complainant for
city and State taxes for the year IST'.-,
that upon showing to the court that such
tender has been made the demurrer will
be overruled and a temporary injunction
granted as prayed for.
This is regarded as a victory for the
bank.
War Incidents.
Acting Assistant Adjutant General Ben
nett of the Department of California re
ceived information yesterday that the
First New York Volunteer Infantry Regi
ment, organized in New York City, is com
ing to San Francisco, but whether for
guard duty or for work in the Philippines,
is not yet known.
Major General Morriam, commanding
fhe Department of California, will return
this morning from Fort Vancouver.Wash.,
where he has been engaged for two week*
in disposing of accumulated business of
the Department of Columbia, which is
also under his jurisdiction.
Among the officers of Major General
Merritt's staff there are some truly po
lite and affable gentlemen, and "there
are others. 1 ' While it is true that news
paper men may at times seem two zeal
ous in their quest of news, yet they are
only performing their duty, disagreeable
aa it may be at times, owing to the su
percilious air of some staff officers who
have never been taught what gentility
means and who do not comprehend that
politeness costs nothing.
It is a pleasure, however, to come in
contact with such military officers as
Adjutant General Babcock, Major
Sturges and Major Thompson.
Another gentleman, more closely con
nected with Major General Merritt than
any officer of his staff, is Private Secre
tary "William Howell. He has at all times
and on all occasions treated the callers
at headquarters with the greatest civil
ity and kindness, at the same time guard
ing the interests of General Merritt in
a quiet and unobtrusive manner. It has
been evident to all who have had bus-
Iness at headquarters that General Mer
ritt reposes the utmost confidence in Mr.
Howell.
Recruits From Washington.
Twenty-four recruits, to fill Company
E, Washington Volunteers, arrived here
yesterday from North Yaquina, Wash.
The men were under the command of
Acting Sergeant Harry F. Coombs. They
were entertained by the ladies of the Red
Cross Society upon their arrival at the
terry.
Thomas J. Clunie 111.
For the last four days Thomas J.
Clunie, the well-known lawyer and' poli
tician, has been confined to his bed, the
result of a serious illness. Mr. Clunie
was first taken ill on Friday la?t. when
he contracted a cold and stomach disor
ders that demanded the immediate at
tention of his physician. Yesterday a
noticeable improvement took place and
it is expected that Mr. Clunie will be
abroad in a few days.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
O O OO O O OO OO 0.0 O OO O OO
S ' The Bifr Store in the Mission S
obo b o
% Have You One? %
% Do You Want One %
; © Of our elegant Baby Carriages? They ©
*^ are beautiful in design, perfect in ~
!*~ finish, and durable enough to hand ~*
!*f down to your children's children. _
■ft Our line of Baby Carriages is so _
| a large that we issue a separate cata- q
i q logue for them. We mail it free to q
! q any address in the country. . q
% BABY HIGH CHAIRS, NURSERY "g
o CHAIRS, CHILDREN'S ROCKERS, o
© GO-CARTS .......... g
I PATTOSIEN'S 1
% Big Furniture and Carpet %
o Bazaar, ©
o ' o
q Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets, °
000000000000000000
WOMEN EATEN UP ALIVE
by Cancers could easily have been cured by
writing for free &0-page book on 1000 cancers
cured in California. No knife or pain, no
pay until cured. Hospital and office,
17 THIRD ST., (near Market St., S. F.)
S. R. Chamley, M. D.
Send to Some One with Cancer
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAItNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
I CO. European plan. Rooms &0c to 11 E»0 day.
' $5 to «S week, {8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
i and cold water every room; fire grates In every
i room: elevator run* all night.
AMUSEMENTS.
iYosco^sGßANis
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Specially Engaged for One Week Only.
The Prince of Singing Comedians,
CARROLL JOHNSON
1 In E. E. Kidder's Romantic Irish Comedy,
"THE GOSSOON !"
Supported by a Powerful Stock Cast. \
Evening Prices — i ~pk .-he-main -■:■■■». 1
[ Orchestra, Reserved Seat... 50c ■
Parquet, Reserved Seat 25c
Dress Circle, Reserved Seat 25c
Family Circle and Gallery 10c
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Heavy Skirmishing for Seats Yesterday.
Assurances of General Attack .Tj-LUw
THE HIT OF THE SEASON.— Examiner.
j Brig Gen. Charles King's great military drama,
F*ORX FRAYNE.
j Presented in the most complete manner by tha
\ FRAWLEY CO/VVPANY
I In preparation, "A GALLANT SURRENDER."
BALDWIN THEATER.
Last Opportunities to see
"THE PASSION F»L/\"V. t »
The Greatest Novelty of the Day.
Twice Dally, at 3 and 8:30 p. m.
Seats, Adults, 25c; Children, 15c.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY) JUNE 29.
■ Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, lye; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
3 WATSON SISTERS & ZAMORA, Sensa-
tional Aerlalists; FALKE & SEMON. Musical
Artists; CHARLES WAYNE, Eccentric Come-
dian; ANNA CALDWELL. Comedienne;
JONES, GRANT & JONES, Colored Trio; THE
4 COHANS. "Running for Office"; TIM MUR-
PHY as Mathlas In "The Bells." etc.; CAR-
LIN & CLARK and THE JUDGES.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
M.re. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
THIS WEEK ONLY.
Revival of Yon Suppe's Charming Opera,
BOCCACCIO !
Splendid Cast! Superb Ensemble!
Correct Costumes! Appropriate Accessories!
NEXT WEEK
Gilbert and Sullivan's favorite work,
"THE miK,ADO."
.Reappearance of
ELVIA CROX SEABROOKE W. H. WEST
Popular Prices 25c and »oc
No Telephone.
ALCAZAR. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
WILL SURELY CHARM YOU
LEWIS MORRISON,
In- George Foster Platt's Historical Comedy.
FREDERICKTHEGREAT
*;..: v EVERY NIGHT AT 8:15.
SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2:15.
A MATINEE EVERY DAY
AT THE ;
CHUTES THEATER.
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE PERFORMANCE,
NEW MOVING WAR PICTURES
AND ATTRACTIONS WITH-
OUT. END.
SEE CANNON, THE "BIG GUN.'*
I 10c. Including Zoo and Theater; Children 5c
GRAND DISPLAY OF FIREWORKS on the
; Lake, Monday, July 4. _
DASHES" QUICK ACTION— NO DELAYS
RACES! £ms£o^ RACES!
TROTTING HORSE BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION, OAKLAND.
June : 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
v V. : EVERY WEEK DAY.
BEST HORSES ON THE COAST ARE .EN-
TERED.
. BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
Admission. 50c.
• Races Commence at 1:30 Clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 12:30 and 1
o'clock boats stop at the track. ■
Of V" M A 1 Cornsr of Mtton and
ULIiTIfIA I Edd^ Strati
GREATEST NEW BILL OK THE SEASON.
BARNEY REYNOLDS, the Celebrated Come-
dian- LA ROYCE SISTERS. MAUD ROCK-
WELL ENYVELL. LA MONT, WILLIAMS
and BIOGRAPH, With War Scenes. Admis-
sion Free. Matinee Sunday. ' : ■'
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from a, m. until 11 p. m. .-.-.
I ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN So
i Battling, with admlsjlon. 16c; children. Mot "<.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat about the same. Barley steadier.
Oats, Oorn and Rye dull.
Hay getting firmer.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Some changes- In Beans.
Flour unaltered.
Potatoes firm and Onions steady
Vegetables In good supply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak.
Poultry market about the same.
Fresh Fruits firm as a rule.
Citrus Fruits selling well.
Dried Fruits nominal.
Provisions quiet.
Wool, Hops and Hides dull.
Meat market v changed.
Grain Bags easy.
Oils unchanged.
' Quicksilver firm.
Increased coinage of the Mint.
COINAGE OF THE MINT.
The local Mint coined In June $5,565,500 against
$2,939,512 in June, 1597, as follows: Double
eagles, $4,155,000; eagles, $053,500; half eagles,
$005,000; dollars, $44,000: half dollars, $271,000;
quarter dollars, $111,000; dimes, $25,000. The
coinage of the tiscal year Just cl«sed was
S.S3 W0.441, against $40,864,636 lor 1897, as fol
lows: Double eagles, $43,565,000; eagles, $2,261,
000; half eagles, $3,105,000; dollars, $3,720,000;
half dollars, $795,000; quarter dollars, $236,441;
dimes, $135,000.
THE BANK HOLIDAY.
The banks connected with the San Francisco
Clearing House will be closed from noon oo
Saturday, July 2, until . Tuesday, July 5, at
10 a. m.
WEATHER REPORT. '
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 28, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 58; Red Bluff, 102; Sacramento, 98;
Fresno, 104; San Luis Oblspo, 80; Independence.
9S; Los Angeles, M); San Diego, 66; Yuma, 108.
San Francisco temperature— Maximum, 66;
minimum, 50; mean, 68.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure overlies the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast. An area of low
pressure Is central over Arizona and Eastern
California. The pressure has risen rapidly
during the past 24 hours over Montana.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary on the Pacific Coast. Over the north
ern half of California* the temperatures are
from 13 to 19 degrees above the normal.
Northerly winds may be expected in the In
terior of California Wednesday.
With th.> exception of a trace at Seattle, no
rain has fallen on the Pacific Slope.
A maximum wind velocity of 30 miles per
hour from the south is reported at Idaho Falls.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ling midnight, June 29, 1898:
Northern California Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; fresh northerly winds In
the Interior: westerly winds and light fog on
the coast.
t-outhern California — Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; fresh northerly winds
in the interior; westerly winds on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday; warmer extreme
north.
Utah— Wednesday.
Ariz. inn -Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Wednesday;
light northerly changing to fresh westerly
winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
at sp. m. : Clear; wind west; 24 miles; tem
perature. SO; maximum, 82.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 28.— Some of the Industrial
specialties advanced In the early trading to
n pool buylne, Inside support or lndlvld-
ual causes, but a realizing movement later in j
Tobacco and Brooklyn Transit unsettled prices
and wiped out all but a few gains. The mar- i
ket was very narrow, and entirely professional,
stocks which were strong yesterday being sold 1
to realize to-day. Sugar, People's Gas, Pull
man. Consolidated Gas, Tobacco and Brooklyn
Transit and, in a slight degree, Manhattan,
all enjoyed their periods of strength. The j
Grangers at one time stiffened up to about last '■
night's close on strength in Rock Island due '
to Insiile support and in part to Burlington's j
favorable May statement showing an Increase i
In gross of $745,636, and In the surplus, alter
charges, of 5- 12,698. But the suspension for the i
present of, the grain movement and the know- j
ledge that the current earnings of the' Gran- i
gers are falling below last year's large aver- j
age brought realizing and fractional declines.
Union Paclllc preferred was quite a marked j
sufferer from the reports of rate cutting In
transcontinental passenger business. The rail
road list was very much neglected for the most I
part, the demand for stocks having apparently- I
died away entirely, In spite of many favoring
conditions of business and the continued ease
in money, which seems to -show no effect what
ever from any d»mand to meet July obligations
or to take up the Government loan. The very
light demand for stocks is not accompanied by '
any pressure to sell large amounts, and. the j
result Is an almost stagnant market, in which
there Is nothing to indicate any change. The ;
new tax on Issues, transfers and sales of stock j
certificates continues to absorb a large amount I
of attention in Wall Street where the opinion j
prevails that unless its literal provisions can j
be successfully combated in the courts or I
legally evaded they will largely curtail profes- j
sional speculation and operations by room I
traders for a quick turn in the price of stock. \
Bonds reflect the pressure of available money j
for profitable employment and prices . continue
to advance. Total sales, $2,640,000.
United States old 4's coupon and the s's ad
vanced % in the bid prices.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 261,200
shares, including 11,450 Atchison preferred;
10,400 Burlington; 18,500 Manhattan; 3800 North
ern Pacific* 5500 Northern Pacific preferred;
19,800 Rock Island; MOO -St. Paul; "SOO Union Pa
cific preferred; 32,700 American Tobacco; 16.603
pie's Gas; 4330 Pullman Palace; 28,600 Amer
ican Sugar; 3200 Rubber.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13-; Ft P & Om 77
Do prefd 3i% Do prefd 152
Baltimore & Ohio 13 So Pacific ... ]g%
Canada Pacific .. S3 So Railway. S%
Canada Southern. 60% Do prefd 29%
Central Pacific .. 13% Texas & Pacific. 11%
Ches & Ohio 22}, Union Pac prefd. 69%
Chi & Alton 107 C PD & G 7
Chi B & Q 104 Wabash 7
Chi & E 111 f,»V Do prefd 18%
CCC &St L.... 41 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Do prefd 67 Do prefd 10
Del & Hudson — 106 Express Companies—
Del L & W 1.-.8 Adams Ex 100
Den & R Ci 12 American Ex .... 125
Do prefd 60% United States .:.. 40
Erie (new) 13 Wells Fargo 121
Hocking Valley... 6 Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd.... 35% A Cot Oil 21
Fort Wayne 163 Do pr*-fd 74
Gt Nor prefd — 177 Amn Spirits ..." 1414
Illinois Central .. 104% Do prefd 59»4
Lake Erie.& \\\. 15 Am Tobacco .'.'.'.'. 117%
Do prefd 70% Do prefd :. 120
Lake Shore 190 People's Gas }>6%
Louis & Nash.... 61% Cons Gas .. . 197%
Manhattan L .... 104 Com Cable C 0.... ' 160
Met St Ry ....ins Col F£. Iron.. 22%
Mich Central 105% 'Do prefd 90
Minn &■ St L 27% Gen Electric .. ;. 35%
• Do Ist prefd-.. 90% Illinois Steel .:... r,6
Mo Pacific .;..*.. 35 Laclede Gas .... 51
Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Lead 3434
Mo X & T 11 Do prefd 106%
Do prefd 33 1 4 Nat Lin Oil . 16
Chi In<l & L..... 9% Or Imp Co .... 24
Do Prefd 30 Pacific Mall 29
N J Central 94 Pullman Palace., 'ftg
N V Central 116 Silver Certificates 59
N V Chi & St L. 12% Stand R & T 6
Do Ist prefd.. . 67 Sugar Wt,
Do 2d prefd.... SO Do prefd .. Ill'
Nor West 14% T C & Iron 25%
No Amer Co C US Leather . .. 7u
No Pacific 2<«\ Do prefd 66
Do prefd 6r<ii U S Rubber 2:.
Ontario & W 15 Do prefd 88
Or R A Nay '49 West Union S3
Or Short Line.... 28% C & N W 123
l'ittsburg 170 -Do prefd 170
Reading 18% St L & s W 5
Do Ist prefd.-... ' 4", l Do prefd 10*;
Rock Island .\.J':"y* R (5 W 0514
St L & 8 F....\. 7% Do prefd 67
Do Ist prefd.... 61 Chi G W ....' 14
Do 2d prefd 28% Haw Com Co 23
St Paul SHI, Union Pacific .... 23%
Do prefd 145% Brooklyn R T.... 62%
Bt P M & M 142 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U 6 new 4s re-g.. 124% N J C os 114%
Do coup 123 X Carolina 65.... 125.
U S 4s 110 Do 4s ]0.->
Do coup Ill 1 :, No I'ac lsts 115%
Do 2ds 95 Do 3s „ . 624
U S 6s reg 112 Do 4s 98%
Do 6s coup 112 N YC& St L 4s. 104%
District 3.63s 115% Nor ft.Wfa 121
Ala class A 110 Northwstrn' cons. 141
Do B 105 Do deb 6s 116%
.Do C 90 O Nay 15t5.....:.. 116
' Do Currency ... 90 < ) Nay 4s 95
Atchison 4s 93% () S Line 6s tr.... 126%
Do adj 4s 8714 D S Line 6s tr.... 107
Can So 2ds 108% Pacific 6s of 95... 101%
Chi Term 4s 87 Reading 4s 86%
"C & Ohio Bs 114 R G W 15t5....... 90
C IT & D 41*8.... 104% St.L & I M C ss. 95%'
V & R G 1et5..... 108. St L & S F G 6a. 120%
D& R G 45.. OB St P C0n........... 145%
Kast Term Ists... 107% Bt P C lsts.. 120%
Erie Gen 45....... 74vi Do 5s .....117%
FW & D lsts tr. 74 So Ry 65....... 95%
Gen Floe 5s 103 Btand R & T 6s. 69%
0 H &S A 6*.... LOS Term new set 35.. 91
Do 2ds : ....102 T&PL G lsts.. 106
H & T C 55.. 110 Do Rg 2ds 39%
Do con 6s . 104 . Union. Pac 4s 98%
lowa C lsts 101 :T: T P D & G lsts. 62%
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist t5....... 110%
L & N Uni 45.... 90% Do 2ds .......... 86%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s ...%.. 110%
M X & T 2d5.... 63 Va Centuries .... 71%
Do 4b ........... 89 Do ~ deferred ... ' 7 ;
ff? V Centralists. 118% U P pr«f d .........
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 04 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point OSOphir 12
Con Cal & Va.... 15 Plymouth 13
Deadwood SO Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... 05 Do prefd 200
Hale & Noroross.. 40 Sierra .v'evada ... 40
Homestnke 45 OOi Standard 160
Iron Silver 67! Union Con 10
Mexican 02 1 Yellow Jacket ... 10
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 28.— AtchiBon, 12%; Bell
Telephone, 275; Burlington, 104; Mexican Cen
tral, 4^i; Oregon Short Line, 28; San Diego, — w
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 28.— The Evening Pout's
London financial cablegram says: The prin
cipal feature in the stock markets here to-day
was the revival of activity in Kaffir mines.
The other markets were dull and stupid. in
vestment buying In anticipation of July divi
dends not having yet commenced. .
The failure of Hopkins & Sons, West End
bankers, It Is asserted, will have tome effect
on American and Canadian railways, the firm
having stock In pawn, but most people are dis
posed to view the suspension as unimportant.
What prestige the firm hold years ago has
been lost recently and the liabilities cannot be
very large. VSES**
American securities were dull and drooping,
with weakness in Union Pacific stocks. Grand
Trunk was lower because of the Hopkins fail
ure. Argentines were flat. Japan bought a
fair amount of gold In the market to-day and
Is still unsatisfied.
Canadian Pacific, 85%; Grand Trunk, 8. Bar
silver, steady, 27 5-16 d per ounce. Money, \b<@\
per cent. Spanish 4s closed at 34, a net gain
of %. *
PARIS, June 2S.— Spanish 4s closed at 34, a
net gain of 7-18.
MADRID, June 28.— Spanish 4s closed today
at 59.80. Gold was quoted at 82.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 28.— FLOUR— Receipts.
19,800 barrels; exports, 6900 barrels. Moderate
ly active and about steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 218.300 bushels; exports,
142,127 bushels. Spot market, steady; No. 2 red,
t. o. b., S6c afloat. Options opened weak and
declined • steadily under bearish cables and
slightly better crop conditions west. A late
rally on the enormous reduction in world's
stocks, according to Bradstreefs, closed the
market steady at Visl%C net decline. No. 2
red July, 76Tn@7Saic; closed, 77%0.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL—
V T •> — Business In the metal market
hanKs fire and quotations In some instances ara
entirely nominal. At the close the metal ex-
I change called:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull and easy, with
$6 GO bid, $6 65 asked.
I COPPER— SII 75 bid and $11 87% asked.
TlN— Dull, with flfilS bid and $15 2a asked.
SPELTER— NominaI, with $a bid and $6 25
LEAD— Quiet hut firm, with $3 95 bid and $4
I asked. ■ The firm fixing the settling price for
. miners and smelters quotes lead $3 75.
j COFFEE- Options closed stead}', 5 points
lower to 3 points net higher. Sales, 8500 bags,
including: August, $5 i>s. Spot coffee — Rio,
i dull and nominal; No. 7 Invoice, 6\;c; No. 7
Jobbing. 64ic. Mild, inactive; Cordova, BU.WISC.
SUGAR— Kaw. dull, barely stearin; fair re
fining, 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4V*c Refined.
I quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 16,200 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 13%@17c; Elgins, 17c; fac
tory, Il(ffl2\c.
Receipts, 11,700 packages; steady;
j Western, 12V£@13c.
DRIED FRUIT.
, NEW YORK. June 28.— California dried
' fruits, quiet.
j EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, s@Sc:
i prime wire tray, ifii^'iijc: wood dried, prime.
V\?c; choice, 9^c; fancy. 10c.
PRUNES— 4®BHc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, S^fflOc; Moorpark. 10®
12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 6@?c; peeled, 12@160.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 28.— Nearly everything was
against the price of wheat at the opening.
The most depressing feature was the sharp
decline and apparent demoralization which
prevailed In Liverpool. The market seemed
wholly indifferent to our advance yesterday,
and July there was equal to 4%c lower than
the close last night. The weather, too, waa
fair and favorable throughout the winter wheat
belt, In marked contrast with the I conditions
which prevailed yesterday. This improve
ment in Itself was a weak factor, and when
the slump in Liverpool was added, the bear
ish sentiment became Irresistible. Much of
the long stuff taken on during the prevalence
of the bull sentiment yesterday was liqui
dated and there was active selling for the
short account and hammering of the market
by professional bears. Prices rallied on reports
from various sections of the country unfavor
able, and more especially from Kansas, reit
erating yesterday's advices about the sudden
deterioration of the crop prospects. Lower clos
ing Liverpool cables caused another sag In
values, and the market was heavy at a slight
Improvement on the lowest price of the day
until Bradstreefs report of the change for the
week In the world's visible supply was re
ceived. That gave a decrease In all positions
of 10.;,r,6,000 bushels, and caused a slight rally.
But the advance merely served the purpose of
the bears, who had come to the conclusion
that all the crop damage that had been heard I
of would still leave more tnan enough wheat
for all requirements, and consequently ex
tended the vlad hand to the buyers on the
Bradstreet's statement and accommodated
them with all the wheat they wanted for fu
ture delivery- Prices fell off once more, but re
covered some of the loss before the close. July
left off l%c down and September declined %c.
Liquidations In July by prominent longs and
th» break In wheat started corn weak. Later
pome of the earlier loss was recovered on good
buying by shorts. July closed l%c lower.
Heavy selling by July longs caused a break
of l%c In oats. There was a partial recovery
on good buying by shorts and scalpers. July
closed me lower.
Heavy hog receipts and two more cases of
yellow fever In Mississippi were the apparent
causes for the weakness in provisions. Pork
declined Be, lard 16c and ribs 2%e. \
The leading futures ranges as. follows:
Wheat No. 2—
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
June "8 78 77-77
July 71% "1% 71 71%
September 60% 6G% 65% 66%
December 06%, " 67 66% 67
Corn No. 2—
July 31% 3114 3074 31%
September 32% 32% 32% 32
1 >••<-, -m 31% 32% 32% 32%
• Oats No. 2—
July '21% 21% 20% 20%
September 20 20% 19% 15%
Mess Pork, per bll—
July 9 45 9 57% 9 45 9 47%
September 9 62% 9 72% 9 67% 9 60
Lard, per 100 lbs—
July 5 62% 5 62% 5 40 6 40
September 5 62% 5 65 6 50 6 50
Short Ktbs, per 100 lbs—
July- ....5 32% 540 . 6 32% 635
September ......5 42% 650 6 40 5 42%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
dull; winter wheat patent*. $4 40@4 60;
straits,' $3 7003 90; special brands, hard spring
patents, M 75@5; bakers', $3 25(8)3 50; No. 2
spring, 69(J£71c; No. 3 spriuK wheat, 65@75c; No.
2 red, 78c; No. 2 corn, 31<t31%c; No. 2 oats,
21% c; No. 2 white, 24c; No. 3 white. 23% c; No.
2 rye, 4Sc; No. 2 barley. 30<§3ac; No. 1 flaxseed,
$1 06; prime timothy seed. $2 6O'<?2 60; mess
pork, per bll, $9 60tf9 (6; lard, per 100 lbbs,
$"> Win SO; short ribs, sides (loose), $!> 20®5 50;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), 4%@6c; short ;
clear sides '(boxed), 4%'6.">c.
Articles— Receipts,. Shipments.
I Flour, bbls 11,600 2,400
Wheat bu 2.100 26.500
Corn.- bu r... 352.100 126.600
Oats, bu 343.900 130,500
Rye, bu 2.500
Barley, bil ■ 6,200 2.800
On the Produce Exchange today the butter
' market was steady; creameries. 14@16c; dair
ies, ll%(g/13%c; eggs steady, fresh, 10c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
>:.--- Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 20,590 14,250
Duiuth 64,920 128.892
Milwaukee 13.650 16,000
Chicago ; 2.100 . 2G.C93
Toledo.. .' ...'. 13.927 4.100
i St. Louis..: 24,000 1,000
Detroit 274 817
Kansas City 6,500 8,000
Totals '. 145.957 199,652
Tidewater- : '•
Boston 15,837 47.899
New York 218.300 142.127
Philadelphia 800 2 555
Baltimore 6,290.
New Orleans .....' ...-. 7,897
Galveston 6,050 '...'....
Totals "......„. 247.277 201,473
PARIS FUTURES. .
Wheat . June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 65 80 47 35
Closing •. .....54 25 47 00
Flour —
Opening- ....; . 25 33 2165
Closing ...25 25 . 2145
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
_f , ''.' June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening ...... 64% 5 10%. 68%
Closing ............ SI "5 8% 66%
: AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, June Special cable and
telegraphic : dispatches to ; Bradstreet's cover-
Ing the principal ; points , of accumulation ■; Indi
cate the following changes In available supplies
last Saturday, as compared with the preceding
Saturday: • : ■ B
Wheat— States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, de- ease, 2,456,000 bush
els; afloat for and >In Europe, decrease, 8,100 -
000 : world' s supply, total decrease, . 10.556.000. ?
-Corn— United States and Canada east 'of the
Rocky Mountains. increase, * 647,000. .
■ United '"fates and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease. 165,000. v :
- A cabl* toliradetreet's from- th» Liverpool
THE SAST FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JTHSTE 29, 1898.
Corn Trade News explains the heavy falling off
in Europe to be due primarily ;to heavy de
creases In stock . afloat • for the Continent, par
ticularly i France and Italy. These large sup
plies have gone direct to the mills, hence do
not figure In Euronean visible stocks. Another
large decrease is looked for next week.
The combined stock of wheat held at Port
land. Tacoma and Seattle shows a decrease of
317,000 bushels for last week.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at auction to-day, realizing the following
prices:
NEW YORK. June 2S.— Prunes—
$1 10@l 75, average $1 36; Simonl, Ssc@sl 50.
average $1 22. Plums — Abundance, 76c@$l "5,
average $1 33; Burbanks. Ssc@s2 70, average $1 28;
Peach Plums, $1 36@2 65, average $2 47; Cly
man, 75<g-95c, average 79c; Royal Hative, 65c0
$1 10, average, 73c. Apricots— Montgamet, 650
@$1 50, average $1 IS; Royal, 65c«f$l 30, average
StSc. Peaches— Hale' s Early. 65c@$l 25, average
S2c. Cherries— Black Republican, average $1 55;
Bigerreau, 86c<g>$l 30, average $1 14: Royal
Anne. 50c@$l 00, average 72c; Black Tartarian.
40c@$l 05, average 64c. Figs— Average, $1 50.
Nine cars Bold.
BOSTON, June 28.— Prunes— Tragedy, 51 25(31
2 25, average $1 97. Plums— Clyman, 85c@$l 35,
average $1 16; Royal Hative, 75c@»l 20, average
$1 03. Peaches— Hales Early, 65c<&$l 20, aver
age 76c; Alexander, 60c<5$l 05, average 65c.
Five cars sold. : • • :.
PHILADELPHIA, June 2S.— Prunes— Trag
edy, average $1 61. Plums— Clyman, average
$1 10. Alexander, average 77c. Apri
cots—Royal, ■<«$! 50. average $1 02. Cher
ries—Royal Anne, 66c© $1 10, average We;
Black Republican, ! average SOc; Tartarian,
average 50c. One car sold.
PITTSBURG. June 28. — Prunes— Tragedy,
average $1 50. Plums — Clyman. $I©l 20.
Peaches— 7s@9oo. Apricots— Royal, $1 10@l 25.
CHICAGO. June 2S.— Porter Bros. Company
sold to-day at - open auction California fruit
at following prices: Plums— California Red.
$1 85@1 70; Burbanks. $1 65; Ogon. $1 3<Xgil 60;
Abundance, Koc<"asl 50; mixed. $1 80@l 35; Sat-
Buma, $1 30; Mikado. $1 30; Clymanß. 96c<S;$l 25;
Royal Hetives, $I@l 10; St. Catherines, $L
Prunes— Slmoni. 80c@$l 65; Tragedy, $1 20@l 55.
Apricots— Blenheim. $1 60. Figs— sl 26 per ten
pound box. Peaches— St. Johns, $1 06@l 15 per
box; Hale's Early, <>sc@sl 06; Alexanders. 60@
SOc; Hines 1 Surprise and Briggs' May. 70c.
Cherries— Royal Annes. 56c(S $1 SO per box; Re
publicans, 75c; other varieties, 35©65 c. Pears—
Gifford, 75c per half box.
NEW YORK, June Porter Bros. Com
pany sold to-day at open auction California
fruit at following prices: Prunes— $1 30
111 60; Tragedys, 95c@$l 65. Plums— Clymans,
$1 1501 25; Abundance. 90c@$l 25; Mikado, $1 15;
Royal Hetives, 66©86 c; St. Catherines, 70<§750.
Cherries— Annes, 40c<g$l 30 per box;
Blgereaus, $1 05; other varieties, 25@95c. Apri
cots—Royals, 6Ec<&sl 10. Peaches — Hale's
Earlys, 70c; Alexanders, 30c.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June To-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $194,132,344; gold re
serve, $165,723,699.
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 2S.— CATTLE— Were steady.
Choice steers, $4 9006 30; medium, $4 53<fj4 65;
beef steers, $4 16&4 60; stockers and feeders,
$3 6004 85; bulls, »2 90®4; cows and hellers,
$3 20&>4; canners, $2 2O'u3 50; calves, $3 50@7;
Western steers, $4 25(cj4 10.
HOGS— The demand for Hogs was fairly
strong, some sales 5c higher. Fair to choice,
$3 Ss<ij3 95; packers, $3 78©3 85; butchers', $3 75@
3 90; mixed, $3 70@3 90; lights, $3 50<jj3 87; pigs,
$2 75@3 70.
SHEEP— about unchanged from yes
terday. Texas and Western Sheep, $4 25@5;
yearlings, $5 40; ewes, $2 50!ij3 75; spring lambs,
$6 ].'•'! 6 80.
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; Hogs, 24,000; Sheep,
8000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, June 28— Receipts,
6000. Market steady to strong; native steers,
$4@5; native cows and heifers, $2 O.'.J/l 75; stock
ed and feeders, $4©o 60; bulls, $2 8;>((j4.
HOGS— Receipts, IS.OCO. Market weak, 6c
lower. Bulk of sales, $3 60@3 76; heavies, $3 70®
3 90; packers. $3 5093 75; mixed, $3 &Q#3 70;
lights, $3 45ig-3 60; pigs, $3 25@3 40.
SHEEP— Receipts, MM). Market firm; lambs,
$4 4u'fltj 23; muttons, $304 30.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. June 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4000.
Market steady to easier; native beef steers,
$4 15@4 85; Western steers, $3 90®4 60; cows and
heifers, $3 40@4 40; stockers and feeders, $4©
4 85; bulls and stags, $3@4.
HOGS— Receipts. 11.200. Market steady;
heavy. $3 Co@3 70; mixed. $3 60&3 65; light,
$3 C(Xft3 62; bulk of sales, $3 6(kS'3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 900. Market strong; fair
to choice natives, $8 80^4 70; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 60@4 50; common and stock Sheep.
$3 50&4 40; lam ha, $4 6056.
' : > '." DENVER.
DENVER, June 28. — CATTLE — Receipts,
200. Market quiet; beef steers, $3 6o(jjiJ4 65;
cows, $31? 4; feeders, freight paid to river, $4<g;
4 40; stockers. do, $4<g4 60; bulls and stags. $2 60
y i 2a.
Receipts, 400. Market steady; light
packers. $3 &0&3 60; mixed, $3 65®3 66; heavy
»3 45©3 60. . . ■ '
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 28.— Consols, 111%; silver,
27 6-16 d; French rentes, 102f 50c.
LIVERPOOL, June Wh?at, dull; cargoes
Walla Walla wheat, 41s; cargoes off coast, very
little doing; cargoes on passage, buyers and
sellers apart; English country markets, quiet;
French country markets, dull; Liverpool wheat
No. 1 California, 7s 6d4j>7s 7d; wheat in Parts,
steady; flour in Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-18.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter,
dull, 6s 7d.
CORN— quiet. 8s Hd; September, quiet,
3s 2»4d.
WHEAT FUTURES— CIosed steady; July,
6s Id; September, 5s S%d; December, 5s 6%d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 28.— COTTON— Easy;
middling, 5 15-16 c.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, June 28.— Sales In the wool market
show a fair average this week. The market
was steady and dealers were not disposed to
push sales except at prevailing market prices.
The movement in washed fleeces is slow. For
XX and above the price Is about 2v>c,' while
the best lines of delaines and No. 1 fleeces call
for 30c. Australian wools are held firm, but
the general business is slow. Quotations:
Territory wool— Montana, tine medium and
flnc, 104? 16c; scoured, 45c; staple, 48c; Utah,
Wyoming, etc., tine medium and flue, 14@16o;
staple, 43@45c.
Australian— basis combine, super
fine, ~iYa22c; good, 65*5680; average, 63@C5;
Queensland combing, Sec.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON. June 28.— fourth series of the
colonial wool sales opened to-day with a full
attendance of buyers from all sections except
America, which were ' few In number. Tha
bidding was spirited.
The number of bales offered to-day were 17,
&42. • The following are the sales in detail:
New. South Wales— 9oo bales; scoured, 9&d@lß
4d: greasy, ;,%Ca9d.
Queensland — 1200 bales; scoured. Is 2%d®ls
4%d; greasy, 6d<fi9d.
Victoria — 500 bales; scoured, M@ls3d; greasy
6%d@Bd.- ■ • - B *'
West Australia— 6oo bales; greasy ,4%digi9d,
Tasmania, 200 bales; greasy, 6d@B}4d.
New Zealand— Bloo bales; scoured, 6Vid@la 6<J
greasy, 4%u#9d. • - '
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 400 bales
scoured, BMid@l3 4d; greasy, 6%d@7&d.
PORTLANDS UUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., June 2S. — Exchanges
$189,207; balances, $2<t,Sl3.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. June P.-WHEAT-Un
cbanged; Walla Wallu. COfi^lc; valley B3c
TACOMA. Wash.. June 28.— WHEAT-Club
60c; blue stem, 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS,
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 5ight........... — $ 4 8514
Sterling .Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables ."..... ......... — 48714
New York telegraphic. — ,'.> 1754
New ■ York Exchange, sight — 20
Fin Silver, per 0unce..... ;..r — 59U
Mexican Dollars 46 46^,
WHEAT AND OTHER ' GRAINS.
- WHEAT FREIGHTS— In . the absence of spot
business the market is wholly nominal at 25a,
usual options. The chartered' wheat fleet in
port has a registered tonnage of 10,850, against
29,500 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged; 15,250 tons,- against, 102,700; on the way
to this port.-221.300 tons, against 281,300.
WHEAT— Futures fell off again :on the early
calls, but spot quotations were rather steady
than otherwise." ;; , .: \ ■■■■; ,
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl 22\4<2rl 25; milling
$1 35@1 45 per ctl. •-•- - :
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
88,000 ctls, $1 22; 6000, $1 22% ; • 4000, $1 22% ; 4000
$1 22%. ■ .. ■•- -i •■■ ■ • -. . v •.•,'•
Second session— December— 2B,ooo ctls, $1 22%.
Regular morning " session — December— 8000
Ctls, $1 22%. ■-.... ■ ' • , -• - , .;-,..
Afternoon session — December — 4000 ctls
11 22%; 16,000, $1 22%; 10,000. *1 23; 32,000, 11 22* •
May-2000, *1 25%.-- ' » '■ "'
. BARLET— The market ; for feed - Is quoted
rather steadier, and sales of brewing are re
ported at the quotations. There Is more dispo
sition to do business. . • ■ -----
Feed, $1 10@l 15. 'Brewing, $1 25@1 32%.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— Booo ctls, »l U%.
Regular morning session— No sales.
Afternoon session— December— 6ooo ctls, SI IS
2000, $1 15U
OATS—The good trading of Monday was suc
ceeded by Inactivity yesterday, ana the market
was featureless.
Fancy feed, $1 85® 1 40 per ctl; good to choice.
$1 30@l 35; • common, $1 25<8>1 tTtt; v Surprise,
$1 32%@1 40; gray, $1 25@1 32V4; milling, $1 32%
@1 37% per ctl. .
Offerings are rather more liberal and
the market is quieter.
' Small round yellow, $1 2r.@l 30; large yellow.
$1 05<Sil white, $1 02&@l 05; mixed, $102^4
@1 05 per ctl. . ■-';:>
RYE— Continues dull at $1 22%@1 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $6®5 10; bakers' ex
tras, $4 75@4 85 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 f.O; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25: Oat Groats.
%4 50; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4
&i 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 60;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 So^'6 25; In sacks, $6 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues to Improve under light re
ceipts, and the market is now quoted rather
firm than otherwise. It is the general Impres- i
sion among dealers that prices will not fall
any lower this year, though this Is mere con
jecture. Most, of them look for an improve
ment from now on. Old Is no longer quotable.
Feedstuffs are, unchanged.
BRAN— sl4@lu per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O(^22 per ton. YV- :
FEEDSTT'FFS— Barley, $25. per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31<»81 60; Jobbing,
$32(^32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24ig'25; Cottonseed
Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 60;
Cracked Corn, $24@24 50.
NEW Wheat. $18@19 for choice and
$16<g-17 60 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat, $16
@18; Oat. $16@17; Wild Oat, $15@16; Barley, $14
@15: Island Barley. $13@14; Alfalfa, $12@13..
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There are a few changes In Beans, none of
them violent, however. The market continues
quiet. Seeds are as before. •
BEANS— Bayos, $2 9O<§2 96; Small Whites, $1 80
<5?1 90; Large Whites, $1 75@1 80; Pinks, $3 60®
2 65; Reds, $2 75@2 85; Blackeye, $3@S 25; But
ters, $1 80©2; Limas. $2 80@2 90; Pea, $1 90@2;
Red Kidneys. $2 50@2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4@>4 25 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4@>4 25: Flax. $2i02 05; Canary
Seed. 2U@2%c per lb: Alfalfa, .We; Rape, 2&<g>
2%c; Hemp, 2»4<9'3c: Timothy, s@s\ic.
DRIED PEAS— $1 75@2; Green, $2@2 10
per ctl. -.£■? - :
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes are firmer and onions are steady.
Rhubarb is no longer worth quoting, and
Asparagus Is a back number. Summer Squash
Is lower and In larger supply. Tomatoes are
firmer.
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 40^500 in sacks
and 40@75c In boxes for Early Rose, and 40@650
in sacks and 50@S5c in boxes for Burbanks.
ONIONS— New, 40@52^c per ctl for red and
85c@$l for yellow.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, $1 50@2 for extra
large. $li??l 25 per box for No. 1, 50@75c for
small; Green Peas, $I@l 25 per sack; Garden
Peas. 2132 1 32 1 per lb: String Beans, lVi@4c per
lb; Wax Beans. l@2c; Summer Squash, 25<g 1 60 c
per box; Bay Squash, 15ctg-tl; Green Peppers, 5
<(Kir for Chile and 6*gSc for Bell: Dried Peppers,
f.<y<ic; Cabbage. SOc per ctl: Carrots, 30@50c per
sack; Marysville Cucumbers, 40*g~65c per box;
Bay Cucumbers, $I@l 40; Vacavllle Tomatoes,
7." ■■■»;?! per box; Green Corn, 10@15c per dozen
for Vacaville and 20®30c for Bay; Garlic, 2@3c
per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
Sliced, raw, 12.- per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desslcated, 163.. c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30'". Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 600.
POULTRY AND GAME.
: There is not much change, one way or the
other, the market being amply supplied with
local stock. The second car of Eastern this
week Is selling at $4 50 for old Roosters, $3@4
for Broilers, 12@lSo for Turkeys and $5@5 50
for Hens.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@Uc for Gob
blers and lOffllc for Hens; young Turkeys, 16c;
Geese, per pair, 7Cc<g:sl: Goslings, ■ $l@l 25;
Ducks, $3@3 50 for old and $3@5 for young;
Hens, $3 . r iUi|/ l 4 50; Roosters, young, $6@7; Roost
ers, old, $3 50@4 CO; Fryers. $4 6096; Broilers,
$3 50(5'4 for large, $2(j?3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 5001 75 per dozen for young and $1 23@1 50
for old. >
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are dull and In ample supply. Cheese
Is very weak at the recent decline. Butter is
In good supply and some dealers are selling
over the quotations, .
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 17@17^4c; sec
onds, 16% c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15@]6c; common
grades, nominal.
Eastern — Ladle packed, 14@15c per Tb.
CHEESE— mild new, 8c; old, 7®
"He; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
B®9c; Eastern, 12<??13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, ir>®l6c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12@14c; Eastern, 12V4@15c; Duck
Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries are steadily dwindling and will soon
be out. Apricots are firm and In good demand.
Peaches are weak at a decline, but after the
early varieties are gone supplies will be light
an the late Peaches were almost all caught by
the freeze last spring. Plums are unusually
steady this . year. Figs are In good supply,
but are bringing satisfactory prices. Apples
are In moderate receipt and steady. A few
Madeline Pears are now coming In. The can
ners are buying Bartletts freely on the basis
of $25 per ton delivered In San Francisco. This
Is about the only fruit they will have to put
up this year.
Berries are in good supply at the familiar
prices.
Citrus fruits rule firm. Lemons being in
quick demand. Limes . scarce and Oranges in
diminishing stock. '?- v "TV.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— :'< ;.
Strawberries, $2 50@3 60 per chest for large
ami $S(i?8 for small. ; . '■<:.-.-
Black Cherries. 40@50c; Royal Annes, 30@40c;
loose Cherries, 3@4c per It) for black and
2@3Hc for Royal Anne.
Figs. 30<g<50c per box for single and 40@750
for double layers.
Seedless Grapes from Tuma, $I@l 25 per crate.
Currants, $2(q>3 per chest.
Blackberries, $3©4 per chest. '
Plums, 50(5?75c per crate and 25@650 per box.
Apricots. 40<H75c per box and 60@76c per crate
and $3r.(fjso per ton in bulk.
Peaches. 35Cq60c per box, 50®60c per basket.
Gooseberries ore about gone.
Raspberries, $4@6 per chest.
New Apples, 25@50e per small and 75c®$l per
large box and »@4oc per basket.
Green Pears, T,o^7sc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges, $1 60@2 50;
Seedlings, 50c<£$l; Lemons, $1 25<3>2 for com
mon and $2 50(&3 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4; Bananas, |1 25@2 per bunch •
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. gj '
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAfsiNS, ETC.
There will be little or no business from now
on until the new. crop comes .' in. Quotations
are nominal.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots 4«©
6c for. 40-50- s, 4%fr4M>c for 50-60's, 5%040 for
GO-70'8, 3U@3Hc for 70-80's, 294«f3c for 80-50-s. 2U
<52" i .c for 90-lWs; Peaches, 3®sc. fancy BUM
6c; peeled, li)@l2%c; Apricots. .Vfifii^c for Royals
and 7<izSe for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@Bc; sun-dried. 4Hi@sc; Black
Figs, In sacks, 2@2^c; Plums, 4U@4%c for
Pitted and IVSllfec for unfitted; bleached
Plums, s@s>4c; Nectarines, 4i}sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2H@4V4 for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves. .according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown, 2%@30 for
three-crown, 3Viii;3sic for four-crown, 4Ue for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels
anil $l@i 15 for London layers; dried Grapes,
Walnuts, 3@»c for hardshell,' 4©6 c for
softshell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell, 6®7c for
tshell, B%@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, ■ 4&
&tec for Eastern and 4'^c for California: Pe
cans, G}i«?Bc;'- Filberts,; 9Vi@loc; Brazil Nuts
B<ffflc per lb; Cocoanuts, %i 50@5 per 100. '
HONK Y— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6®7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted. 5U,®
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5%0 per lb
BEESWAX-2i@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Business Is quieter this "week, as It always
Is :.- Just before the Fourth. No change in
prices.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, jC or j light | medium, 10c for light.
He for extra light and 12<fi>12U,c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured • Hams, ■ lO'.jffilic' Cali
fornia Hams, «»H@loc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl
extra Mess Beef, 111; ■ Family Beef, - $12- Salt
Pork, extra prime Pork, . $10; exfra clear
*17@17 SO; mess, $15; Smoked Beef, 12@12^c per
LARD — Eastern, tierces . quoted at 6c per lb
for compound ; and 8c : for pure; : palls, B%c;
California • tierces, 5%c - per <lb ' for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7>4c; 10-lb tins
8c: 5-lb tins, SVic. v ■ / v- .* -
; COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@7^0;; packages,
less. than 300 lbs— l-lb palls,. 60 in a case 9Hc
3-lb palls, 20 in a case, B%c; 8-lb palls. 12 In a
case, 8» s c; 10-lb palls, 6in a case, B^c;sO-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets 20
lbs net, BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7Hc; half
barrels, about ' 110 lbs. , 7»ic per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides nre quiet and will probably remain so
until after the Fourth. Hops are lifeless. A
local circular says of Wool: "While we can
not report local business of any large value,
yet we incline to think every day brings us
nearer the time to look for business and to
expect auch activity as will take up a large
share ■ of the i wools now here In warehouse.
Boston reports both more business ■ and - more
tone to that market, - but prices , are not up to
expectations of growers." . '■:-> '■-'",.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands »ell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, lO^Sllc; medium,. 9%@loc; Ught,9@9%c;
Cowhides. 9@«V4; Stags, 6Vic; salted Kip, 9@
9V4c; Calf, 1 10 c: dry Hides, sound, 16% c; culls
and brands, 13H@14c; dry Kip Veal 16c; dry
27H@30c; medium, 50c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20@30c each;, short wool, 30@50c
each;: medium, 60@80c; long wool, 90c@$l 20
each; Horsehides, salt, $2@2 50 for large and
$I@2 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehides, dry, $2
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3Ms@3%c per lb.
No. 2. 2^@3c; refined, 4>4@4%c; Grease, 20.
WOOL— Fall clips. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern. 7 months', 8@10c; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12©14 c; do, defective, 10@12c;
Middle county. 13@16c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 1511170 ; Nevada, 10@14c: Eastern Oregon,
10@12c; Valley Oregon, lo@l"c.
HOPS— IBB7 crop, 9®l2 l per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, s@s>£c: Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $4 85.
Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Suuthfteld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle. $<!; Bryant. $6; Coos. Bay, $5; Vv'allsend,
$7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke; $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
CORDAGE— ManiIa, 10%; Sisal, lO^c. basis.
CANNED FRUITS— White . Cherries, $1 50©
1 60; Peaches, $1 10@l 20; Pears, ; Apri
cots, $I@l 10.
CANNED VEGETABLES— 75@85c; To
matoes, 80c.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— ls@l6c for prime
washed; 13H@14%c for good washed; 15Vi@16o
for good to prime washed peaberry; 13@14c for
good peaberry; I2@l3^c for good to prime; 10%
@llHc for good current mixed with black
beans; 9^@l<Hic for fair; 6@B^c for common
to ordinary. Salvador— for good to prime
washed; 10%<g>llVic for fair washed; 13@14V£o
for good to prime washed peaberry; 9@loc for
superior unwashed; 8%@8%c for good green un
washed; ll»4@llVic for good to prime unwashed
peaberry. Nicaragua — BVi<g9%c for good to su
perior unwashed; ll@ll l /4c for good to prime
unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican —
164@18c for prime to fancy washed ; 145iir>V,c
for good to strictly good washed; 10V4@13Hc for
fair washed; B<g!ioc for medium; s<gßc for in.,
ferior to ordinary; 15@16V4c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 11-@lH£c , for good unwashed
peaberry: 9@loc for good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c: cases, se
lected, 4%c; imitation Eastern, 5%c: boneless,
6Hc; strips, s\®7V4c; blocks, 5%@7c: tablets,
"Ho; middles, 6Va@BV4c per lb; desiccated, 87V4c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each, $8;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
California Caster Oil. cases, No. 1. 95c:
barrels, 94c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil in barrels, boiled, 52c; raw, 50c;
cases, 5c more: Lard Oil, extra winter strained,
barrels, 65c; No. 1, 55c; eases, 6c more; China
Nut, 49@56c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 66c; cases, 70c; No. 1, barrels, 65c;
cases. 60c: Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white,
80c; bleached white, 4.'0; Whale Oil. natural
white, 40c; bleached white. 4.".c- p a "'fl" P-' l —
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 23®
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, |2Qdl ;o pc» 6 a.-
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, in bulk. ll^c
per gallon: Pearl OH, In cases, 17c: Astral OH.
17c; Star Oil, 17c; Extra Star Oil. 21c; Elaine
OH, 22c; Eocene OH. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, In bulk, 12c; Deodorized Stove Gaso
line, in cases, 17^c; 63 degree Naphtha, in bulk.
ll%c; 63 degree Naphtha, in cases. 16^c: 86 da
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 86 degree Gasoline,
In cases, 25c. —
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company an
nounces new prices as follows: Electric Llghv
Candles — 6s, 16 oz, 7%c; 6s, 14 oz, 6V4c; 6s, 12 ox,
6'£e; 6s, 10 oz, 4',aC. Granite (Mining) Candles—
6s, 16 oz, S%c; 6s, 14 oz, 7\c; 6s, 12 oz, 7&c; 6s,
10 oz, 6Vfce. Paraf fine, Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s,
6s, 12s, white. 8c; colored, 9c.
WHITE LEAD— at 6@7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 49c; in Iron bar
rels, 44c; In wooden barrels, 46c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 47c; boiled, in cases,
52c; raw, barrels, 45c; raw, cases, 50c per gal
lon.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, 6s, 16 oz. 7^c; 14 oz, 6Vic; 12
oz. s'4c: 10 oz, 4%c. Parafnne Wax Candles—
Is, 2s. 48, 6s and 12a, white. ~%c; colored B%c.
QUICK SILVER-*42 "(XT43 per flask.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy. 25@28c per
lb; do, medium. 24<525c: do, light, 23-s2r.c;
! Rough Leather, heavy, 24W25C; do, light, 23«3
| 24c; Harness Leather, heavy, 30i§36c; do mc
i dlum, 27iff30c; do, light, 26<f2Sc; Collar Leather,
I 14t?15c per foot; Kips, finished. 40-© 45c per lb;
Veal, finished. b'<(a'-<c: Calf, finished 7f.c<Ssl-
Sides, finished, 18017 c p-r foot; Belt Knife
Splits, 14C(fl6c per lb; Rough Splits, B@loc.
! STGAR-The Western Sugar Renning Com
' pany quotes, terms net cash; Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6\£c; Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, Bvfce; Confec-
I tloners' A, 676 c; Magnolia A, 6Vfec; Extra C
; '.%c; Golden C. sVic; California A. 5%c per lb
i half-barrels, hie more than barrelß, and boxes
\yQ more.
LUJinER. ETC.
POSTS— IOS'I2c each for No. 1, and 6®Bc for
No. 2.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes, $17@18 50; extra sizes, hitcber
Redwood— slSr92o fn r No. 1 and »16uJ18 for No 2 :
Lath. 4 feet. »2 4<l(y2 50: Pickets. $17; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and %2 75 for fancy; Rustic
*21<&'26.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The market for all kinds Is steady at un
changed prices. The tendency Is rather up
ward than otherwise.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6Hc; second quality,
EHc; third quality. 4^sc per lb.
YEAL — Large, 4®'>c; small, 6<g7c per lb
MUTTON— Wethers, 7Vs@Bc; Ewes, 7@7V4c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, Bi?jß>4e per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4 l 4tj'-l s ic for large, B^S^c
for medium and 4'fj4V s c for small; stock Hogs
2@3Vtc; dressed Hogs, 7<?i Sc.
RECEIPTS PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, June 28.
! Flour, qr eks ... 9, 3. r ,l Cheese, ctl« 3
j Barley, ctls 435! Butter, ctla 280
; Beans, sks 452 Eggs, aor 15,120
j Potatoes, skß ... 2,o76iWine, gals 21500
! Onions, sks 635 1 Quicksilver, flak. '15
I Bran, ctls 675 Leather, rolls ltil
! Hay, tons 205 Lumber, ft 10 000
I Wool, bales 123 Paper, reams 656
Pelts, bdla S5 Chicory, bbls .... ->3
Hides, no 4%
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 3".o|Hay, tons 10
Bran, sks 475 1
UTAH.
Hay, tons 20 i
THE STOCK MARKET.
Low as mining stocks have been they were
still lower yesterday, though the decline was,
of course, narrow, owing to the extreme cheap
ness of the shares, many of them selling un
der Be.
Utah Is assessed sc, and the stock Is quoted
at lc.
The San Francisco Stock and Exchange
Board will adjourn on Thursday until Tues
day, July 5, at 11 a. m.
The Pacific Stock Kxchange will adjourn
from noon on Thursday until Tuesday, July 5
at 10:30 a. m.
The Stock and Bond Exchange will adjourn
from the close of business on Friday to Wed
nesday, July 6, at 10:30 a. m.
The Geyser-Marlon Mining Company of Utah
hag declared a dividend of 2 cents per share
amounting to $6000, payable June 30. Inclusive
of this dividend the company will have paid a
total of $!H>.ooo since organization.
The Stockton Gas and Electric Company has
declared a quarterly dividend of 30 cents per
share, payable July 1.
The Central Light and Power Company has
levied an assessment of $1 per share, delinquent
July 26.
The Cypress Lawn Improvement Company
declared its ninth annual dividend, at the rate
of 10 cents per share, payable June 29.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared a semi-annual dividend at
the rate of 4 per cent on term and 3 1-3 per
cent on ordinary deposits, payable on the Ist
There was an active business In local secu
rities at former prices.
In the Chollar mine since last report they
placed five sets of timbers in the main incline
above the 1200 station. In the upraise from the
west crosscut 60 feet north of the south line
on the tunnel level the south compartment haa
been extended 25 feet and connected with th«
100 foot level; total distance up 67 feet They
are now engaged in raising the two north com
partments. On the Brunswick lode at shaft
No. 1, 800 foot level, the joint south drift from
the station has been advanced since last report
26 feet, and Is now out from the station 82
feet; the face Is in porphyry.
In the Potopi mine the west crosscut on the
south line, tunnel level, has been advanced
during the week 22 left, and Is now out 178
feet; the face shows porphyry and low grade
quartz. In the croppings on the 40 foot level
they are raising on the pay streak of ore. Have
shipped to the Nevada mill during the week 17
tons and 1000 pounds of ore, the wagon sum
pies assaying as follows: Gold, $13 75, and 13 37
ounces of sliver per ton. On the Brunswick
lode, at shaft No. 1. 6<& foot level, east cross
cut No. 3 has been advanced 13 feet; total
length, 29 feet; the face Is in porphyry This
crosscut has been discontinued for the present
800 loot level— The joint south drift from the
station has been advanced 26 feet during the
week and is now out 82 feet; the face Is In
porphyry.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
■--■-■ ■ " TUESDAY, June 23— 2 p. m.
• . . -. Bid. Ask: •'.- ■. ' . . ':"".-, Bld'Anlr"
is quar.coup..iny 4112%4 112% Pac Gas Imp.. 85U 86*
quar reg...UO HOVi Pac L C 0..... — 52
«s tjuar new...121 V.125y 4 B F G & E... 86 ?6H
Miscellaneous—; ;. San Fran .... 3U a 2
Cal-st Cab 114% - Stock- Gas . ' 12 _*
Ca! El 65:.;;. 125 .-.-•-• Insurance- "
C C Wat 55...97H100 :, Firem's Fund.lßs —
Dup-st ex c... 1 — vSBV4 Bank Stocks—
&b £ V :65 " 128^ - Anßlo-Cal .:.. 55 65
F & Cl Ry 69.113:113% Bank of Cal. 243 -.
Geary-Bt R 6s. — 100 > Cal 8 D & T . 97 100 ;
HC & S 5H8..100 105 First Nat 202*-
L r£ L . C ,° 6s - ~ 10 ° Lon P & A.... 125 130
Do gnta «s.. — XOS Bier Exchange m i&
Market-st 65..12« 127% Nev Nat 8....155 165
Do Ist M 55.. — 114% Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s lsts - 97% Ger S A L..1590 1700
NSNG Ry 75.103 — [Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRv Ca1"65..108 — iMutual Say. — 42%
NRy Cal 55.. 102%104 IS F Say U.. 490 —
NPC R R 65. 101% — |S & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas 55.... 100 — Security S IB 200 —
Do 2d Is 55.,109 110% i Union TCo 1000 -
Om Ry 6s 125%126 Street Railroad—
p & O 6s 108%— California .... — 108
P& Cl Ry 6s. — 113 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65...118%120 Market-st .... 63% 64
Reno WL&L..IOO — Presidio — »%
Sac Elecßyßs.loo — Powder—
BF& N P 55. 108 109 California ....120 160
SlerraßCal 6s. - 103 E Dynamite... 85 90
fi P of Ar 68..105%10f.% Giant Con Co. 43% 48%
S P Cal 65.... — 113 IVigorit 3% 3%
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
S P Br 6s 112%— Al Pac Assn.. 93 93%
S V Wat 65...1Wmi7%4 Ger Ld Wks.JlO —
S V Wat 45...102%103 Hana P C 0.... — «
Stock uaa 65.. - 103 H O & S Co.. 23% 23%
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 49% 50
Contra Costa.. — 54 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Mnrln Co 50 — Nat Yin C 0... — -T
Spring Valley. 98 98% Oceanic S Co. o9 59V ?
Gas * Electric— Pac A F L.... 1% ZV*
Cent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0.... — 104
Mutual El Co. — 11% Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 47% 4S
Morning Session.
15 Alaska Packers' Association 93 25
5 California Safe Deposit 96 50
85 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 62%
25 do do .; 86 50
50 Giant Powder Con 4S i.n
60 Market-street Railway, b 5... 53 To
CO do do 53 62%
110 Spring Valley Water »S 00
65 Hawaiian Cammerclal & Sugar 23 3714
65 do do ::::::::::::::::::::::::: 23 25
5 do do :..: 23 12%
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 11' 00
150 Vigorit Powder ••>■ 325
Street— ■ • -'"-SSi
40 Alaska Packers' Association 93 25
Afternoon Session.
SsHutehlnson S P C 0....... 49 75
7 Spring Valley Water 98 00
r>oVigorlt Powder 8 25
200 do do • 8 37%
$1000 8. P of A Bonds 105 75
$1000 S P Branch Ry 80nd5.....'.... 112 75
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 12%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 25
Street— ,• •.-■ -----
$10,000 Ferries & Cliff House Bonds 113 25
$7000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 25
45 Market-street Railway 63 62%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
15 Market-street Railway B3 75
4" Giant Powder 48 50
$3000 Market-street 5s 113 75
Afternoon Session.
45 Market-street Railway 53 W.i.
75 Hawaiian C & S Co 23 12%
60 do do 23 00
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
in the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Hale & NorcroßS.
Union
Savage
Chollar
Belcher
Potosl
Alta
Con. Cal. & Va...
Kentuck
Confidence
Utah i
113
56
95
46
5S
50
59
12
15
..July 12 (..July
..June llj..July
..July '. ..July
..July 7j..Aug.
..July B|..Aug.
..July 16i-.Aug.
..July l"i..Aug.
..July 18 ..Aug.
..June 5 ..June
..July 21 ..Aug.
..July 27|..Aug.
10
15
10
15
10
15
05
25
05
15
06
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alta 04 !100 Exchequer 02
200 Belcher 05 1 100 Gould & Curry.. 07
200 Chollar 04 Uoo Potosi 05
300 Con Cal & Va.. 16 1 200 Savage 03
100 Confidence 22 1 300 Sierra Nevada.. 44
100 Crown Point ... 06 1
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 04]300 Savage 02
100 Best & Belcher. 12 1200 Sierra Nevada... 42
100 Con Cal & Va.. 16)100 41
100 Gould & Curry.. 05 100 Union Con 14
100 Mexican 07 .100 13
300 Overman 04J300 Yellow Jacket... 11
200 Potosi 04 1150 12
Following were the salea In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Alta 041400 Ophtr 16
600 Andes 03 1300 Overman 03
800 Con Cal & Va.. 16 T.OO Savage 03
300 15 j 400 Sierra Nevada. . 43
700 Gould & Curry--. 06:700 Union Con 13
1200 Hale & Norcrs. 50 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Caledonia 13.500 01
200 12!lOO0S B & M 03
WO Gould & Curry.. 06 300 Sierra Nevada.. 40
500 Mexican 08 |HX> Union Con 13
500 Ophir 14 ?00 Yellow Jacket... 12
SOU Savage 02 300 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 28—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 03 03 !
Alta 02 04 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 02 04 Lady Wash ... — 02 j
Belcher 02 04 Mexican 06 07
Best & Belcher 11 12 Occidental 62 —
Bullion — 03 Ophir — 14 i
f'aledonla 12 14 Overman 03 05 j
Chollar 04 05 Potosi 04 05
Challenge Con. — 13 Savage 01 02
Confidence — 23 Peg: Belcher ... — 05
Con Cal & Va. 14 15 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 38 40
Crown Point .. 04 05 Silver Hill .... 03 05
Con New York. — P2 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... — 20lStandard 1551 60
Exchequer — 03 1 Union Con 13 14
Gould & Curry. 04 J6 Utah — 02 i
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket. 10 11 j
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Mary F. McEneany to Thomas E. McEneany,
lot on E Uae of Fillmore street. 87:6 S of
Golden Gat^n venue, S 2". by E 137:6; $10.
James McD. and Maggie J. Graham to Jen
nie Graham, undivided two-thirds of lot on
N line of Beach street, 137:6 W of Baker. \V
35, N 137:6, W 35. S 137:6, quitclaim deed; $1.
Eugene N. and Mary A. Fritz to Mr. M.
Stern, lot on S line of Frederick street, 100 E
of Ashbury, E 2fi:3 by S 100; $10.
Thomas E. McEneany, to Mary F. McEneany,
lot on W line of Folsom street, 65 S of Twenty
first, S 30 by W IK>; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Frank Koe
nig, lot on W line of Mission street, 85 S of
Eighteenth, S 56 by W SO: $10.
H. E. Holmes to Olive M. Washburn, lot on
N line of Cumberland (Vulture or Columbia)
street, 205 W of Church. W 50 by N 114; $10.
Estate of William Saunderson (by David
Ssiunderson, trustee) to R. H. Kavanagh, lot
on W line of Noe street. 50 Is of Beaver, N
25 by W 110; $10.
Thomas and Margraret Morton to Mary A.
and William R. Walker, lot on W line of
York street, SO N of Twenty-fourth, N 24 by
W 50; gift.
Estate of Frederick Siltz (by John Nicholson,
administrator) to John J. Curley, lot on E line
of Capp street, S5 S of Twenty-fourth, S 20 by
E 115; $300.
George Kinnaird to Jane Kinnaird. lot on N
line of Twenty-fourth street, 55 E of Diamond
E 25 by N 114: pi ft.
Myer and Martha Buchman to Charles HBr
ris. lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 25
W of Douglass. W 25 by S X; $10.
Emil Glngg to Margaretha Gingg (wife) lot
on NE corner of Pine and Quincv streets also
72 E of Dupont. E 22 by N sr>; $1.
John H., H. C. and Frieda L. Gingg to same,
same ; $1.
Alameda County.
Sophie Frank to Andrew Frank, lot on N
line of Seventh street, 75 W of Clay W '5 by
N 100, being lot 23, block 74, Oakland; Rift
Clara E. and R. H. Curtis to Cornelius C
Murphy, lot on SE corner of Nineteenth and
West streets, E 160 by S 40, Oakland- $10
Hcssle L. and T. C. Wiswell to Nettle Doyle
(wife of Thomas), lot on N line of Walton
street, 146 Eof West. Esoby N 120 beln*
lot 26, block C. property of Central Land Com
pany, Oakland: $10.
Kate L. Myrlck to Robert L. Myrick lot on
S line of Lincoln or East Thirty-first street
200 W from E boundary line of town of Lynn
thence W 200 by S 200, block O, New Map por
tlon Lynn Homestead, East Oakland; alßo lot
on NE line of East Thirtieth street 625-6 NW
from point of intersection- of East Thirtieth
street and E boundary In northern addition to
(Brooklyn, thence NE 120, E 150 N '00 W v>q-<;
S 243. SE 169.4 to beginning, being iota 24 v,
10 C a k k&: N $°i r o! hern AddUlOn * »™£
Sophie Frank ' to Andrew Frank lot nn v
llr?e° PP p hh a e rk FF S r t^ sV^rTai^s &% w
S» b gfft. Sl landß adJolnin S to Encinal. Ala;
niPQH, gilt..
Bank of Pleasanton to H.B Pe<lprsnr, ♦>,->
W H of lot S of plot 52. Rancho El ™ie
San Jose, containing 10 acres. Murray Tract!
Builders' . Contracts.
Leah and Philip Meyers (owenrs) with O
H. . Moore : (contractor), . architect, - M J Lyon'
|reetKw^^ : |i^ a f^~
Mrs. Anna Drossel (owner) with C. Krecker
(contractor), architects. Kenltzer & Earth
Alterations and additions except painting
mantels, _ gas i fixtures and shades for a two
story and basement building on the E line of
35: a 6r$ n i6o5 reet ' ™ **** *° f aclflc S 49:6 by E
: Dennis T. Sulliva.. (owner) with Philln Rive
(contractor and architect). All work (owner
will furnish mastels, pas fixtures and sh-idesi
on' the' w'n ° ry f^T basement ' frame building
on theJV line of Jones street, 93:9 feet N of
Lombard, thence 31:3 by i:? 7:6; S4fifto
NOTICE* TO MARINERS.
OfLTM the United States Hydrographlc
m» i i!? a f d i th Merchants'. Exchange. Is
™'"* fd '» San Francisco for the benefit of
fr^ or e X £!n«° U ; RI!Bri1 to nationality and
r,ffl TVIT Vl 1 nn K OrS are c , ordlal ly Invited to visit : the
?n£ ?iVr» ff re I *^ sets of charts and Ball
ing directions !of the world ' are • kept on hand
infnrm m , I ? ; at d r «f"*nce. and - the | latest
information ; can . always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to ' navigation ; and all matters
OI interest. to ocean commerce - - • •
-. Tha ttao bay on top or the building on Tel©
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befnr.
noon, and is dropped at noon, 120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day tron
the United States Naval Observatory at Mali
Island, Cal. r *
A notice stating whether the time ball wa»
dropped on time or giving the error, if any >.
published the same day by the afternoon papers
and by the morning papers the following day
C. P. WELCH. Ensign. U. S. N., In charge
THIS CAT.Z, CALENDAR.
June, 1898.
Moon's Phs««%
8
IS
4
11
IS
©Full Moon,
W Junal
M
28
(ft Last Ouartar
*& June ig
j£*v New Mooa.
w June 13.
25
Quart
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geode*!c Purvey^
Times and Heights of High and Li»
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Suporintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur nt
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ah it
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Pr.ir.t;
the height of tide is the same at both places
JUNE— IS9B.
Wednesday, June 29.
Sun rises 4 .'3
Sun sets T:.ii
Moon sets 0:36 a. ro.
D Timel ITlmel Time Time
g. Feet. iFeet. Feet. Feet.
Feet.
H W
3:ls
4:09
4:57
5:44
— 1.
— i.;
— l.
I 8::
I 9:^
! 10
1 11::
I 12::
I X.I
II I■■
4
4.
12::
1:;
Id
3:1
4::
5:
6::
3 1
1.1
8.1
6:57
7:47
8:39
I 9:32
10:27
! 11:22
i I
I
i
6.7
6.0
c. a
6.3
<>.2
6.1
— i.:
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tide? of th«
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the thlri tlda
and the last or right hand column g;.«'- the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts,
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the heieht,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of,
reference is the mean of the lower low Tvatgre.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Willamette ISeattle |June
North Fork Humboldt jjune
Alameda Sydney June
Orizaba I Humboldt June
Washtenaw.. ..jTacoma June
Empire jCoos Hay
Titanla Nanaimo I June
Acapulco Panama June
Columbia Portland June
Pomona. San D.ego jjune
Crescent City.. Crescent City Junr
City of Panama[San Jose de Guatemala, j June
Scotia Humboldt '.Tv! v
Umatilla Victoria & Puget Sound July
Arcata Coos Bay (July
Homer Newport jJuly
Bristol j Comox ! Jul y
Chllkat IHumboMt July
Ruth 'Tillnmook July
State California! Portland July
Santa Rosa ;Snn Diego (July
City of Rio iOhtna A Japan July
Coos Bay [Newport IJuly
Oregon I Portland I July
STEAMBRS TO SAIL.
ciearner. L/csiinunuu. sans. trier.
Oregon Portland June 29, 10 am Pier 12
Coos Bay... Newport June 30, 9 am Pier li
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. June 30, 10 am Pier I
Cy Panama: Panama July 1,12 in PUSS
Orizaba Humboldt July 1, 10 am Pier 9
Columbia .. Portland July 2, 10 am Pier 12
Arcata .... Coos Bay July 2. 10 am ! Pier 13
Pomona [San Diego July 2. 11 am, Pier 11
North Fork. I Humboldt .... July 3, 9am Pier 2
Homer {Newport I July 4, 9am Pier 11
Chilkat .... Humboldt.... July 4. 9 ampler 13
Umatilla .. Vie. & Pgt July 5, 10 am Pier 9
State Cal.. Portland July 5, 10 am Pier 12
Cleveland .. Alaska ijuly 6, |
Santa Rosa San Dfe^o [July 6. 11 am Pier 11
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. June 2S. %.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 79 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Oregon, Banks, 63ty hours from Port
land, via Astoria 514 hours.
Br ship Acamas, Nelson, 73 daya from New
castle, NSW.
S<-hr La Chilena, Matson, 10 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Bessie X Adler, 18 hours from New
! Haven.
| Schr Norma, Larsen, i days from Grays Har
bor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, June 28.
Bktn Ruth, Challeston, St Michael; Standard
Oil Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 28.
Stmr Valencia, Humphreys, Manila via Hon
olulu.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Parsons. San Diego.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, Tacoma.
Stn^r Chilkat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Olsen, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Cleone Hlgglns, Albion and Point
Arena.
Ship Yosemite, Getteney.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu. Rock, Hilo.
Schr Lilla and Mattle. Fosen.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Sch Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land-
Ing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 28—10 p. Weather,
hazy; wind, SW; velocity. 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The J. B Brown loads coal at Nanalmo for
Honolulu; Lizzie Vance, lumber at Eureka foj
Honolulu.
SPOKEN.
April 24— Off Cape Horn— Br ship Cambrian
King, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Oregon— June 26 at 4:30 p. m., Yaqulna
Head NE 20 miles, passed the tugs Rescue and
Monarch with raft in tow; bound from Colum
bia River to San Francisco. Captain reports
making two knots per hour. Wind XE, four
miles per hour. >
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA — Sailed June 28— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
Arrived June 28— Stmr State of California,
hence June 26.
NEWPORT — Sailed June Stmr Pasadena,
for .
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 2S— Bktn Gar
diner City, for San Francisco.
Arrived June Schr John F Miller, henc*
June 15; schr Roy Seiners, hence June 15; schr*
Charles R Wilson, hence June IS. i"
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 28— Schr ~ena
Sweasey, from Tacoma.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 28— Stmr News
boy, hence June 28.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 2S— Chll
ship Star of Bengal, hence June 16.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 28— Schr Nellie O
Thurston, for Cooks Inlet.
Sailed June 28— Stmr Humboldt. for St Mich
ael; stmr Navarro, for St Michael: bark Theo
bald, for — — ; schr Rattler, for .
EUREKA— SaiIed June 28— Stmr Orizaba, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed June 2S— Schr
Newark, for San Francisco.
NEHALEM — Arrived June 25— Schr Seven
Sisters, hence June 14. . _ v.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed June 23— Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 2S— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco. _ _„
GREENWOOD— June Stm Whites
boro, hence June 27. M _.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed June 2S— Stmr
Greenwood, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed June 28— Schr LUlebonns,
for Port lUakeley. _. * ■ „ „
FORT ROSS— Sailed June 2S— Schr La Chil
ena, for San Francisco. _. . „, .
VENTURA— Ari'-WI June Schr Monterey,
from Bowens Landing.
TATOOSH— Passed June 2S-Nor stmr Titanla,
from Nairn imo. for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— Arrived June 28— Stmr Coqullla
COOS he BAY-A n e iv?d June 27— Stmr Empire.
h SAN J D?EG 2 O-Sailed June 27-Ger ship Ferdi
nSOn S0 d UTH h BEND r -A a rriv n ed June 28-Stmr Emma
1 T REDONDoisr!]ed s June 28-Schr La Gironde,
'%A G TOOSH-P b a°s r June 28-Ship Sintram. fm
Dutch Harbor, for Departure Bnv.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAKlJ— Arrived June 27— bark Lydgate,
fF SW ANs^KA-Pailed June 27— Br ship Merion
eth for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Salted June 28-Br ship
Wellington, for Havre. ,
QUEENSTOWN — June — Br ship
Wellington, from Tacoma.
TALCAHUANO— Arrived June 23— Br bark
Invennav. hence April 26.
ANTWERP— SaiIed June 25— ship Wal
lacetown, for "San Francisco. •
MONITOR— June 25— Br ship Falls of
Clyde, from London, for San Francisco.
■ TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 27— Stmr Mississ
ippi, from London; stmr Qeorglc, from Liver
pool.
NEW YORK— June 28— Stmr Trave, for
Bremen; stmr Cevlc for Liverpool.'
LONDON— Arrived June Stmr Missouri,
for Philadelphia. r
; GIBRALTAR— Arrived June Stmr Fulda. \f
from New York. i"l
Sailed June 27— Strnr Kaiser Wilhelm. for *
New York. v
ANTWERP— Arrived June 26— Stmr Isoord
land. from New York. ,- - "^'
: MOVlLLE— Arrived ; June Stmr Furnesia,
from New, York: , . _
PHILADELPHIA— June Stm Boo*
tia, from Hamburg. -'WILL NOT
RAISE RATES
Water Companies Are
Now Satisfied.
PRETENSE OF GENEROSITY
SAY TIMES ARE TOO HARD TO
PAY MORE.
Existing Rates, However, Are Giving
a Fine Rate of Interest
on the Capital
Invested.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 28.
It has now beer, decided by the two wa
ter companies that they will not charge
the rates fixed in the ordinance which
caused so much popular Indignation when
passed last March. A few days ago, as
staled in the Call, Presld< i "f the
Oakland company paid that "our patrons
will have no cause for dissatisfaction, after
July 1." Tills was taken to mean that the
rates at present enforced and which are'
Bt.rtk'iently high, will be maintain*'.! 1 ••■-■
cause any raise would certainly produce
any amount of dissatisfaction.
To-day J. H. T. Watkinson of the Con
tra Costa Company t=aid that his direc
tors had decided not to enforce the now
iat< s, but to collect under the old
ones. "The company is convinced," said
Mr. Watkinson, "that times .are hard 'aria
people are not able to pay high rates.
Many people are out of employment and
many businesses are not making money.
The wave of prosperity has not yet struck
California, and \ I people Will
be able to pay a little more- for water than
they can pay now. M
Mr. Watkinson'a consideration for the
■water rate payeri needs a little explana
tion. His figures submitted to the City
Council before the new rate was nxeii
showed that if the companies collected th«
full amount under existing rates
without cutting for the sake of getting
business, they would receive a Sne rate
of interest on their investment. Mr. Wat
kinson and Mr. Dlngee both positively de
nied this, and declared that they
hnd charged about two-thirds of
tho existing rale and had lost
money. Blnce the first of March th- v
have collected rates under the ordinance
and consumers have found that the result
has been to double the cost of water and
In some instances to make it even greater.
Next year's report will undoubtedly show
that there was n.> need whatever for the
Ecandal shared by the City Council and
the water companies last February.
DEFENDED HERSELF . .
WITH A CURTAIN POLF
HOW MISS CLARK KEPT THE
CONSTAELE AT BAY.
Commended by the Court for Her
Pluck and Discharged From
Charge of Battery.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 28.
Susan M. Clark, the superintendent of
the Woman's Exchange, .was in the Police
Court this morning upon the charge of
battering Constable yon Kapff. After
hearing the testimony the Judge dismissed
the case and commented very severely on
the ignorant actions of some young law
yers who act as debt collectors.
Last Friday Constable yon Kapff went I
to the exchange to attach the property of j
Miss Clark upon a claim assigned to
Messrs. Heaton <£ Hobson. The Jady told I
the intruders she had no interest in the
exchange, but they proceeded to take pos->
session, and left a young man .named
James Kelly in charge as a receiver.
Mlsa Ci«rk communicated with .the po
lice and Detectives Shorey and Holland !
went down to Investigate. They at once I
saw that Yon Kap;f had no right to act
as he did, and advised Miss Clark to call
a lawyer. She confided her troubles and !
placed her affairs in the hands of Attor
ney Abe La
As the young men did not leave as
quickly as Miss Clark desired there
was a skirmish. Yon Kapff proceed
ed to taki- , : ;uid appropriated «.
basket containing some money. The lady
then admits that she opened fire on him
with a curtain pel*. She plied it with such
good effect that the officer beat a hastj
retreat and finally he theratened to eject
the lady if she did not behave herself
Mis? Clark continued to misbehave with
her curtain poie. according to the consta
ble, and Attorney Heaton, who had kept
out of range of the weapon, advised the
constable to withdraw. Later he swore
to a complaint charging Miss Clark with
battery.
Judge Allen examined Attorney Oscar
G. Heaton and asked him whereon he
based his right to attach, property be
longing to the. exchange, knowing that
Mips Clark was not the proprietor. The
court also expressed regret that the cur
tain pole was not wir-in>rl with better ef
fect when the lady was admonishing the
constable.
Miss Clark's attorney declares that the
matter Is not yet ended and his client in
tends to seek redress for the annoyance
to which she has been subjected.
County Contracts Awarded.
OAKLAND, June 2S.— The Supervisors
met this afternoon to award contracts
for the supplies for ' the County
Infirmary. Dry goods will be sup
plied by J. Harris. Salinger Broß.,
H. Alexander and Joe Hirrscher. Con
tracts for groceries were awarded to Joe
Hirrscher and Olsen Bros.; for stationery
to Smith & Sons, I. Tobriner and Tayjor
& Co.; for drugs to Osgood Bros, and
Tobriner; for coal and wood to C. Ses
sions, J. P. Taylor and Williams & Davie
for slippers to Joe Hirrscher and Salinger
Pros. The contract for shoes will be re
advertised.
A resolution was introduced authoriz
ing the officials at the County Infirmary
to make a test of the coal from the Tesla
colliery- The Supervisors expressed
themselves as being in favor or using
coal produced in this county if such coal
can be used as economically as other
coal. All the contracts awarded to-day
are for one year.
Taken From Its Mother.
OAKLAND, June 88.— William Carson
was granted the custody of the child of
his divorced wife this afternoon after a
bitter legal contest, which has occupied
the attention of Judge Ellsworth for over
a week. The child was born about two
months after the husband and wife were
divorced and one of the allegations in
his cross complaint was that he was not
the father of the child. Since the di
vorce Carson alleged before Judge Ells
worth that the mother of the girl has not
shown herself a fit person to have Its
custody, and after hearing all the testi
mony, which was a review of four years
of matrimonial quarrels, the court award
ed the child to Carson and denied the
rights of its mother.
Her Husband Probably Dead.
OAKLAND, June 28.— Nettle Kelly, who
filed a divorce suit against her husband,
believes that he has committed suicide.
He dropped out of Bight In May of last
year, and in November was in Redding.
In reply to inquiries the County Clerk
has sent Mrs. Kelly a letter in which he
says that her husband disappeared from
a lodging-house at Redding and took
nothing with him but his revolver. It Is
believed that he shot himself and Is,
therefore, unable to answer his wife's
divorce complaint.
Pardee Is Sued.
OAKLAND June 28.— J. J. Fitzgerald,
one of the Fitzgeralde of West Oakland,
has sued Policeman Pardee for J2OOO dam
ages for alleged false Imprisonment. The
arrest occurred in West Oakland and at
the trial In the Police Court it was proved
that Fitzgerald was endeavoring to In
duce a drunken brother to go home, when
Prrdee struck him with his club. Both
men wore acquitted in the Police Court
and Fitzgerald alleges that his arrest was
a. malicious action. Pardee's bondsmen.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
J. Doran and J. L. Milton, are made co
defendants. ■ .
Still Another Teacher.
OAKLAND, June 2S.— D. R. Augsburg
was appointed by the Board of Educa
tion last night to assist Paul Garin In
the drawing department, as the work is
too much for one man. The action of the
board has caused some comment, be
cause less than a month ago they dis
charged several teachers on the ground
of economy. Augsburg came from Salt
Lake City and will receive |l. r >oo a year.
Mrs. Hoberts Is Sent to Ukiah.
OAKLAND. June 28.— Mrs. Jennie Rob
erts of- West Oakland was sent to Fkiah
Asylum this* afternoon HI Judge Greene.
Bbc Is married and has two children, and
imagines that she has committed some
terrible deed. On one occasion she tried
to commit suicide by cutting her throat.
I'ntll a few months ago the Roberts
home was one of the happiest In West
Oakland.
Christian Scientist's Death.
OAKLAND, June 25.— Miss Carrie May
Hitchcock died yesterday morning of
hemorrhage of the lungs. Although she
had had similar troubles before she
steadily refused to consult a regular phy
sician, preferring to be treated by a lady
friend, who la a Christian scientist. The
Coroner held an inquest and the autopsy
showed tho cause of death.
Oakland News Notes.
OAKLAND. June Manuel Garcia, a
commission merchant of this city, has
failed for $560, with no assets except per
sonal property.
W. O. Bowers and J. M. Nelson, race
horse trainers, have answered the suit
of Joseph and Mary L. Hahn to recover
a- mare known as Dolly Madison or her
value. $400. They declare that the horse
is only worth $275 and have tendered the
Hahns $193, which they have refused.
H. L. Conklln, a grocer of this city, has
filed a petition in insolvency. He owes
$4000 and his assets consist of $1200 worth
of stock and $500 in book accounts.
There was n>. quorum of the City Coun
cil last night to meet in committee of the
whole and discuss the park proposition.
A majority of the Councilmen have stat
ed that they are tired of the whole busi
ness. ><•'■■■:•■ : : -
Returning delegates to the State Chris
tian Endeavor convention at Los Angeles
declare that Oakland won the convention
for next year- by giving away a thousand
Japanese fans, which were so acceptable
that the recipients felt bound to obey the
injunction to vote for Oakland.
A club in the interest of W. R. Davis
was organized In the Second Ward last
night." Many Influential Republicans
were present.
COMPANY G.
It Will Be Given a Bousing Farewell
To-Morrow Night.
ALAMEDA, June 2*.— At the meeting: of
the City Trustees last night it was voted
after some discussion to appropriate $505
from the general fund for the use of
Company G. It was pointed out that
there was no authority under the charter
for any such appropriation, but there was :
a large delegation of prominent citizens \
on hand and a number of patriotic
speeches were made, in which the trus- i
tees were urged to make the appropria- I
tion and were assured that if any one i
should raise the question of its legality j
the people stood ready to contribute
enough to make good the amount donated.
With this assurance the money was votea
unanimously. It will be used by Captain
Simpson to supply the needs of the mem
bers of his command.
It was decided at a citizens' meeting
this afternoon to give the company a
farewell reception to-morrow morning.
The affair will take place at Armory Hall
at 9 o'clock, and will consist of speeches
by prominent citizens, singing, etc. At its
conclusion the company will parade the
streets and will then march to the camp
at Fruitvale. At 1 o'clock the Red Cross
ladies of this city w-ill serve a bountiful
lunch at the camp ground, as the com
missary will be in working order by that
time.
The officers of the company are as fol
lows: Captain, M. W. Simpson; Firsx
i Lieutenant, G. Wethern; Second Lleuten-
I ant. E. R. McDonell; Sergeants, H. B.
Harvey. A. Born: Corporals, B. G. Elliot.
V. M. Green, R. E. Hopps, A. F. Huff.
City Trustees' Special Meeting.
ALAMEDA. June 28.— A special meeting
of the City Trustees was held last even
ing for the primary puropse of letting
contracts for IT>OO feet of hose. There
were eleven bids ami the prices varied
from fio cents to SO cents a foot. It was
decided that the preference should be
given to hose of home manufacture, and
the contract was cut Into three portions
and awarded to. three separate bidders
at the uniform rate of 80 cents a foot.
Died While Beading a Newspaper.
ALAMEDA, June 2S.— lsaac Campbell,
.an old resident of this city, died sunM.-n
ly this morning at his home. 1916 Buena
Vlpta avenue. He was sitting in a chair
reading a morning newspaper, when he
suddenly laid It down, remarked that he
was very tired and not feeling well, and
almost Immediately expired. Deceased
was a native of Scotland and aged SI
years.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, June 2<.— Farewell mes
sages from the troops on board the In
diana were received in this city last even
ing by means of carrier pigeons. The
pigeons were from the Witman loft and
the service was arranged by G. C. Mc-
Connell, who has a son on board the In
diana. The messages were sent while off
the Farallones and reported everything
all right, but a good many seasick.
Hamlet Circle, Companions of tne For
est, gave an entertainment last Saturday
evening for the benefit of the boys in
blue, and quite a sum was realized.
I. L. Borden, superintendent of the
water works, is able to be out, having re
covered so that he can get about on
crutches.
BED CBOSS NOTES.
Th« Society Is in Need of More
Funds.
BERKELEY, June 28.— The ladles of the
Berkeley branch of the Red Cross Society
who .were working at headquarters to-day
succeeded In finishing sixty-two plaster of
paris bandages. They will not be able to
work to-morrow, however, as the supply
of material from which the bandages are
made is all used up. They will be obliged
to wait until the state of the treasury
enables them to buy more cloth before
continuing the work.
The chairmen of the committees for the
Fourth of July dinner will hold a meeting
Friday morning to make final arrange
ments for next Monday evening.
Encountered a Wildcat.
BERKELEY June 2f?.^fames Peterson
shot a large wildcat this morning near the
residence of Anson L. Blake on Piedmont
avenue. The animal made its appearance
near the Blake residence between 9 and
XO o'clock. It had got into the chicken
yard when Peterson discovered it. The
animal met Peterson with a furious at
tack, but the first shot proved effective,
the bullet lodging in the animal's neck.
The cat weighed thirty pounds, and was
over three feet long.
Will Teach in Modesto.
BERKELEY June 2R -Tracy R. Kelley
who graduated with the class of '97 from
the University of California, has been
elected vice-principal ot the High School
at Modesto. He will assume his duties
then at the opening of the next term in
July.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 28.— The new apart
ments In South Hall which are being
fitted up for the offices of the president
I and recorder of the University of Califor
nia, will be finished by the close of next
week. The work of moving will be com
menced as soon as possible after that.
President Martin J. Kellogg of the Uni
versity of California will not return from
Los Angeles till next Saturday evening
A meeting of the residents of South
Berkeley haa been called to consider the
question of a water supply, it will be
held to-morrow evening in the hall on
Ashby avenue.
Berkeley boys now In camp at Bather
will be remembered by their friends on
the Fourth. The members of the fire
companies intend to send them a wagon
full of cakes, pies and Jellies.
Esmond Bather, the seven-year-old son
of J. P. Bather of Dwlght way, woile
playing with gunpowder last night had his
face badly burned by an explosion.
Wants Gen. McDowell Bemembered.
William Barber has filed a communica
tion with the Board of Supervisors asking
that In the event of that body determin
ing upon changing the names of streets
and avenues In the vicinity of the Presidio
one of the avenues bo named after Gen
eral McDowelL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1898.
NOT A TINGE
OF YELLOW.
Oakland Will Decorate So as
to Suggest Neither Spain
Nor Quarantine.
OAKLAND. Juno 2S.— The decoration of this city began to-day and
from the foot of Broadway up to^Eighth street hundreds of flags are now
flying. In accordance with a resolution passed by the Fourth of July com
mittee the national colors only are to be used. This does not confine dec
orations to national flags, but to the colors which comprise it. It is notice
able that in all the thousands of yards of bunting displayed there is not a
single tinge of yellow or anything to suggest quarantine or the offensive
ensign of the Spanish nation.
The decoration committee issued to-day the following request to the
merchants, property-owners and citizens:
The decoration committee of the Fourth of July celebration would
earnestly call your attention to the conditions under which we celebrate
this year.
Not since the great Civil War has there been witnessed such an in
tense general feeling of patriotism as Is evident to-day. It is everywhere.
In the home, in society, on the street. In our fair city it has risen to a
high point, and it is therefore fitting that the celebration should be in
keeping with the spirit of the times.
The committee will decorate Broadway and Washington streets as
never before. But this decoration will be of a general character. Each store
and house should make an effort to dress in gala attire. Decorate! deco
rate! decorate! The great sham battle, the unparalleled display of fire
works, the presence of a regiment from the local camp, will crowd our
streets witn people. Let your display measure up to your real patriotic
feeling, and it will do you good and increase the reputation of Oakland.
Let us make our business streets or houses look worthy of the day. Let
no one make himself conspicuous by failing to do his duty in this matter.
Yours patri.nic.illy. A. H. BREED, Chairman.
J F W. SOHST. JOHN F. TOWLE, Decorative Committee.
MAY BOY IS
IN MONTANA.
"Hon." B. Crampton
Took the Horse.
ANXIOUS TO BE AN OWNER
HE LEFT VERY QUIETLY WITH
WALLY EVANS' PRIDE.
Now He Will Return to Oakland to
Be Tried on a Charge
of Felony Em
bezzlement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, June 2H.
TV. D. Evans, the horse owner, better
known as Wally Evans, has found his
lost horse. May Boy. His colored servant,
"Hon." Beverly Orampton, so-called be
cause he declares he was once a road
overseer In Southern Florida, appropri
ated the animal and started out to make
money with him on Ins own account. For
these reasons Deputy Sheriff Al White
left Oakland to-day with requisition pa
pers for Montana to bring back the Hon.
Mr. Crampton to stand trial on a charge
of felony embezzlement.
A few weeks ago Wally Evans kept his
horse at the Oakland track. The animal
was a valuable one, and has frequently
landed some good purses for its owner.
One morning Mr. Evans, with a party
of friends whom he had brought from
San Francisco, went to the racetrack for
the purpose of giving an exhibition of his
fine animal for the benefit of his guests.
On going to the stable it was found to be
locked, and a little later Wally discovered
that May Boy and Mr. Crampton were
both missing.
A search was made for the animal and
its grouin, but nothing could be learned
of them in this State. Some time later
John Mott, who is acquainted with Evans
and his horse, saw May Boy on the Mon
tana circuit, in charge of Crampton, who
was entering the animal on his own ac
count. Mott at once communicated with
Evans, who swore out a .varrant for
Crampton's arrest. Requisition papers
were obtained from the Governor yester
day, and Crampton will be brought back
in a few days.
Evans declares that Crampton had no
right whatever to move the horse without
his permission, and declares that he has
never given his groom the slightest ex
cuse for thinking he could exercise his
own discretion in appropriating the ani
mal to his own benefit.
The stealing of May Boy was one of
the sensations of the track at the close
of the racing season, and had it not been
for Mott, Crampton and the animal might
still be making money on other tracks.
STILL AFTEB LONG.
The Labor Commissioner Wants to
Look After Army Contracts.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald has de
termined not to let rest the matter of the
making of soldiers' uniforms by Chinese.
He contends that, in spite of the fact that
Major Long, who is making the contracts
for the Government for army garments,
declares that he knows nothing about
Chinese being employed on this class of
work, thousands of uniforms are
being made by Mongolian labor. Yester
day he wrote a letter to A. A. Watklns
of the City Board of Trade, in which he
recited the condition of affairs from his
standpoint, and in conclusion made the
following proposition:
"As an adjustment of the entire
! matter I have the following proposition
■ to make:
"I will, upon having copies of all con
tracts now in existence or those to be
made, undertake to locate the firms guil
ty of sending the work to Chinatown, and
so hopeful do I feel of being able to drive
the work out of Chinatown that I will
have no word of censure for any one and
accept this responsibility personally.
"My position In this matter has been
that of an official performing my official
I duties, and in doing so certain facts have
been revealed which have reflected dis
credit upon the parties to the beforemen
tloned contracts. I. therefore, as a citi
zen and official, desire to proffer my as
sistance in remedying the unfortunate
state of affairs to the mutual benefit of
the War Department, the merchants and
the working people of San Francisco.
"Awaiting your reply I have the honor
to remain your obedient servant,
"E. L. FITZGERALD,
"Labor Commissioner.**
Maps Are Not Correct.
A letter has been received at the Alas
ka Information Bureau of the California,
State Board of Trade from S. C. Moore,
who left here early last spring for the
Copper River, Alaska. He says none of
the maps he received before starting are
correct, either as to distance or direc
tion. From Valdea to Copper River, by
the trail, he says, la about 106 miles. The
first six miles east ond then a hundred
miles north Btrlke the river about 200
miles from Its mouth. The glacier he de
scribes aa impassable, but they have
found a trail around it to the southeast.
He describes his trip as very rough and
accompanied with many hardships. He
loßt $12 worth of provisions (San Francis
co prices) by a snow slide, and many
caches of provisions are covered so deep
with snow that they will never be seen
again. Many are discouraged. Sledding
has given out, and those who are through
to the river cannot get up until It rises,
owlne tn th« bowlders In the »tream.
DECLINE TO
HELP ROETH
Harwood Creek Figures
in a Political Deal.
FOUR MUTE SUPERVISORS
NO SECOND TO A MOTION TO
SETTLE THE MATTER.
The Supervisor of the Fourth Ward
Realizes That His Brethren
Have Quite Lengthy-
Memories.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 28.
"U'hereas, There appears to be a
question whether the exclusivs
right to use the water of Harwood
Creek is owned by any party or
parties, therefore be It
Resolved, That the Supervisor
from the Fourth District be direct
ed to discontinue using the waters
of said creek for sprinkling pur
poses, and it is further
Resolved, That all action hereto
fore taken by this Board concern-
Ing the ownership of the waters of
said Harwood Creek, and particu
larly a certain resolution recorded
in volume 22 of the minutes of fhls
board be hereby rescinded,
000000000000000
When Clerk Jordan had finished read- i
ing the above resolution at the meeting of
Supervisors late this afternoon, Supervis
or Roeth moved Its adoption.
Messrs. Church, Talcott. Mitchell and
Wells preserved unbroken silence.
"Any second to the motion?" asked
Chairman Talcott. No one spoke.
"I want to see this passed. Mr. Chair
man, because I do not want it to be a
personal matter between me and the own
ers of the property in the vicinity of the
creek," said Mr. Roeth.
No one Beemed to car© whether it was
or will be a "personal" matter for Mr.
Roeth or not, and without further ado
the board adjourned. This action in a
measure shows that the feeling engen
dered by Mr. Roeth against his four
brethren over a year ago still exists. The
raw over the waters of Harwood Creek
commenced several weeks ago when the
Supervisors passed a resolution practical
ly acknowledging the rights of the prop
erty owners in the premises and yielding
any alleged right the county might have.
Since then w. W. Foote, Judge Garber
and others have appeared before the
board and have taken issue with Mr.
Roeth, and next Monday it la probable
that Mr. Roeth and Mr. Foote ■will meet
again in the board room. This much was
stated by Mr. Church this afternoon.
There is politics in the waters of Har
wood Creek, and in the Supervisors' dec
lination to help Mr. Roeth out of his lit
tle difficulty. For over two years Mr.
Roeth at the instigation of a certain ele
ment "did politics at the expense of the
other four members of the board. He
criticized them through the press and at
tempted to build himself up by their al
leged failures to stand by "the people."
During the past few months things have
changed, and the same element in politics
that used Mr. Roeth to club the other
four members of the board has now
switched around and finds it convenient
to seek the support of Messrs. Talcott
Church and Mitchell for its new pro
gramme. Consequently with that consist
ent ingratitude typical of machine poll
tics, Mr. Roeth mußt "go it alone" and his
discomfiture is rather appreciated by the
members he was once useful in opposing.
COLLECTOR'S TRIBULATIONS.
Theodore Jansen Arrested for Chas
ing Harry Markolovitz With
a Butcher Knife.
Harry Markolovitz is a collector for the
Vienna bakery on Folsom street. Yester
day morning he called upon Theodore
Jansen, a cook living on First avenue for
payment of a bill amounting to $6 Jan
sen seized a hatchet and Markolovltz beat
a retreat. Markolovitz returned Jn the
afternoon and threatened to have Jansen
arrested if he did not pay the bill The
threat was too much for Jansen and seiz
ing a large butcher knife he chased Mar
kolovitz Into the street, vociferating that
he would kill him. Judge Mogan was
holding court yesterday afternoon when
Markolovitz appeared in an excited con
dition and asked for a warrant for Jan
sen's arrest on the charge of assault to
murder. He detailed the circumstances
and the warrant was issued. Jansen was
arrested and booked at the City Prison
He is a man 77 years of age, and is
inclined to look upon the affair as a eood
Joke.
FINDS DEATH IN THE PARK
Thomas Boyle, a Royal Arch. Mason,
Commits Suicide — Takes the
Poison Route.
The body of Thomas Boyle was found
in Golden Gate Park, near the aviary
yesterday morning, death having oc
curred not much earlier than the even
ing previous. An empty phial was found
near at hand. Papers in possession of the
deceased showed that he was made a
Royal Arch Mason in Hamilton, Canada
in ISB6. It appeared that he was a steam
fitter and plumber, had traveled exten
sively, and had worked for five years In
Chicago.
An autopsy by Chemist Morgan led him
to the lmpr««««<»o ♦»»•< d««»th was due to
Dolson.
CAST ON HER
BEAM ENDS
Narrow Escape of the
Ship Othmarschen.
HER CARGO WAS DAMAGED
LOST SAILS AND BOATS IN A
HURRICANE.
A Big Raft Containing Five Million
and a Quarter Feet of Cut Lum
ber Expected Here Next
Friday.
The German ship Othmarsehpn whi^h
left here last March with a valuable cargo
of wheat for Cape Town had a hard time
of it reaching her destination. She was
caught In a gale off the Horn, lost the
greater part of three suits of sails, the
cargo shifted and the vessel was thrown
on her beam ends. Heavy seas washed
everything movable on deck overboard,
the main hatch was smashed and the cab
in and deck houses suffered.
In a private letter received yesterday
Captain Salzer says: "Arrived off Cape
Horn 44 days out. When in latitude 4S
south, longitude 42 west, the barometer
fell In twelve hours from 29.20 to 2,8.23. I
at once shortened sail and soon had the
vessel under lower topsails and foretop
mast staysail. Early next morning we en
countered a hurricane with a nasty sea
and the fore lower topsail and foretop
mast staysail blew out of the bolt ropes.
The bhip luffed up In the wind, although
the rudder was hard over, the cargo shift
ed and the vessel went over on her beam
ends. Heavy sea.s broke on board from thu
let-ward and everything movable on deck
was washed overboard. The main hatcn
was mashed in and the cargo damaged.
The doors of the cabin, forecastle and gal
ley were smashed in and all three places
gutted."
After considerable trouble the Othmar
schen was got on an even keel and then
Captain Salzer goes on to say:
"At 4:15 a. m. the mizzen lower topsail
Llew out of the bolt ropes and a number,
of other sails blew out of the gaskets. One
boat was carried away and the others
badly damaged. The Othmarschen had
three suits of sails on board, but when
the storm was over the mainmast was the
only stick that had a full suit from main
sail to royal. When 67 days out we were
only 14 miles from Cape Town."
It was very exasperating, but It toon
Captain Salzor seven days to make his
vessel cover that distance.
The Othmarschen is a fine ship of 1792
tons burden and was loaded here by Cot
ton, Bell & Co. From Cape Town she will
probably go to Newcastle, N. S. W., In
ballast and come here with a load of coal.
Officer J. W. Mackey of the Harbor Po
lice had a rough time of it on East street
last Monday night. As a result he is not
in the best of condition to-day, but one of
his assailants had to be "fixed up" by Dr.
Deas in the Harbor Receiving Hospital.
Near midnight Monday Mackey was pass-
Ing a saloon on East, near Jackson, when
the proprietor asked him to put a man
named Harry Know! ton, who was creat
ing a disturbance, out. Mackey went up
to the fellow and said, "Here, my good
man, you had better go home."
For reply the "good man" cauerht the
officer a swinging blow on the necK ana
knocked him into a corner. Maoiwy got
on his feet as quickly as possible, only to
be sent to the floor again with a straight
punch on the nose. The next time he got
on his feet he had his club li hl3 hand
and Knowlton got a blow on the head
from it that laid his scalp open. Nothing
daunted he went for the officer again and
in trite of another crack from the c?ub
he caught Mackey under the chin and
knocked him over the stove and near.'y
out.
The pbJ fin- an was gaiie as a pebMe,
however, and in a few seconds he returnee)
to the attack. In the meantime Knowlton
had been reinforced by toti-<? liremen
from Eioadway >vharf ami tney had got
i Mackay under a table and were proceed
ing to kick his brains out when a squad
of police summoned by the saloon man
i was heard coming along East street on
the run. The firemen decamped, but
i Mackey held on to Knowlton and finally
landed him In the Harbor Police Station.
He was charged with battery and resist
ing an officer and was then removed to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital.
The big lumber raft which left the Co
lumbia River on the evening of the 24th
instant is expected here next Friday, ana
if ail goes well it will be docked at Sec
tion A of the sea wall and will be unload
ed the same as a lumber vessel. The raft
has 5,250,000 feet of cut lumber in Its mako
up, and should it get here all right the
Harbor Commissioners should be able to
get all of the article they want at consid
erably less than the $14 50 a thousand
asked by the Pacific Pine Lumber Com
pany. The raft is In tow of the tugs Res
cue and Monarch and is coming down at
the rate of four miles an hour. The wind
has been light from the northwest with a
smooth sea for the last couple of days,
and an the barometer is steadily rising
everything points to the arrival of the big
raft next Friday.
IS STILL A MARRIED MAN.
Application of Louis James Frederik-
sen for a Divorce Denied.
Louis James Frederiksen, contrary to
his most ardent expectations and wishes,
is still a married man. Some time ago
Frederiksen applied for a divorce from his
wife, Delia Frederiksen, on the ground of
desertion. The defendant allowed the stat
utory time to expire before filing a con
test to her husband's application for di
vorce and her default was entered. La
ter, however, an apllcatlon was made to
set aside and vacate the entry of default,
which was granted. The case came up'foi
hearing* yesterday and Mrs. Frederlksen
produced evidence establishing her con
tention that she alone was not responsible
for the separation of herself and husbanrt.
A letter from Frederiksen to his wife,
which stated that the writer was of the
opinion that he could not live happily
with her. was admitted as evidence and on
this showing the court refused to grant
the plaintiff a divorce. In view of the fact
that Frederiksen and his wife are not lia
ble to live together the court granted the
custody of the minor children of the liti
gants to the plaintiff, as ho waa better
able to care for them than the defendant.
WANTED FOR ROBjBERY.
The Police Searching for Bandsman
Burke of the Montana Regiment.
John Evans, the prospector from Mon
tana who was robbed by Bandsman
Burke of the Montana regiment early
Monday morning in a dive on Kearny
street, swore to a complaint in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday for Burkes arrest.
Captain Dillon and two privates of the
regiment have been searching the city for
Burke but have been unable to find him.
Now the police will assist in the search,
and unless Burke has left the city his ar
rest is certain. Evans feels Bur>ke's in
gratitude more than the lobs of his money.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HnnyadiJ^nos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
IOH '
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
. ' & HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Water*." Lancet
"'- "Speedy, cure, gentle." J>rttuh Medical
C AUTJONi bee mat IK* label bear* the na-
lure of the firm. .
Andreas 6axlchnor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ifiSSSujKjrftfc I will guarantee
/e^M^SS^ that '- v ma t;ism
/^jWHBttJHHL Cure will relieve lum-
gffiT a * 0 - sciatica and all
<S& : »aB rheumatic pains in
»» SS^'lS&^Ssf * wo or *^ ree ho urs >
v *2*\p£sY * n^ cure *na * ew
\ /*&s&s£ ' MTrVYON
i/p&H ( ?&£BL>t At all druggists,
25c - a Tial - Guide
lap^aS^j^l^ to Health and niedi-
t l 13' advice Phlla.
I • 1505 Arch et.. Phlla.
■'nil'TrlMffllWH
UOOSSIBBISBuaBHBBBS>VB^BaHMH*SBSaBsa**BSHSSKMBI
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
iSftig^lß. 625 KEABST ST. Established
flf*Tr^s^Bß in 1854 for the treatment of Private
ffl-jJAi'ilHl Diseases, Lost hood. Debility or
S? e^^'/i Ml wearing on bodyand mind and
yiffBWfJBH Skin JDlseases. The doc torcureswbeu
otberi? fall. Try him. Charges low.
T^BUksmi (nrrienaranlrrd. Call orwrite:
Dr. J. V. ** IBBO' X , Box 1U37, San Francisco.
OCEAN TEAV£L '
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
K. ' Steamers leave Broadway
MS^^ wharf, San Francisco.
f&"s^&fo. Tor Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
iV's?%J&BSti Jc ~ e 6. 10, 15, 20, 25. 30, July 5,
S'K feßgViWl trl ' J isfer at Seattle.
9 L^^^Skl V!si 'or Alaskan ports (from
I !F < ««<Sal F( aom-street wharf). 10 a. m.,
r***'<^^c4a\ JJ 1 ' 11 ' 9 6 - 26 Ju 'y 17 - August 4,
«' .i~ 25, transfer at Portland, Or.
"^* tor Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C > Port Townser.'l, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
•nacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m June 6, 10. 15. = 20, 25, 80. July 5. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
thin romt>any*s steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry , at Tacoma with N. P. By., at Vancouver
W For C Eureka y " (Sumboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
June :. 7. 13. 19 > ■» July *• and every «l«b
day thereafter. Cruz. Monterey, Ban • Simeon.
! Fnr Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Slme -n.
ICav- is Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota,' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Lob Angeles) and
Newport, i a. m.. June 2. «. 10, 14. M, 22. 26. SO,
July 4 and every fourth day tnereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Bafbara, Port
Lost Anpeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), U
am.? June 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24. 23, July 2. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Par, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. June 17.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
•pd hmirs of pntlfne.
; TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
I street (Palace Hotel). '
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
- 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
WBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Krom Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bert*
iniiL S8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5, 14, 23
State of California June 8, 17, 26
Oregon June 11, 20. 30
St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 00
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York SI 00
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fWWUm The S. S. ALAMEDA
rjßlfekßyiiiCsails via Honolulu and
I*C«iaBBW Auckland for Sydney
y™ -—^ Wednesday, July IS,, at
StrMilKninc) The sailing for Hono-
(SHCdllljlllU^ lulu June 29 is can-
(O||ipQl(q*^Line to COOLGAR-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, South
Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
■ Freight office— Market St., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantics,
French Line to Havre. -
Company's Pier (new), 42 Nortb
' River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <^flTt7\
• by this line avoid both transit by«"™**.>
j English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
j Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
i second class. $116.
! LA BOURGOGNE July 2, 10 a. m.
! LA TOURAINE July 9, 10 a. m.
i LA NORMANDIE July 16. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE... July 23. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE.. July 30, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 8 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FTJGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail from New York every Saturday for
Glasgow via Londonderry.
Rates for Saloon Passage— City of Rome, $80;
other steamers, $50.
Second Cabin— Rome, $42 50: Furnessla, $37 50;
other steamers, $35.
Steerage Passage— ■ $25 50; Furnessia,
$24 50; other steamers, $23 50.
For Book of Tours and information, apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS, General Agents, 7
Bowling Green, New York: or J. F. FUQAZI.
5 Montgomery st.; or L. F. COCKROFT. 114
Montgomery st. ; or R. R. RITCHIE, , 2 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco. '■: . ■ ■
FOR U. S. navy-yard AND vallejo.
Steamer "Montlcello. "
Hon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat ,
9:46 a. m... 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.)
Fridays ....1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ......10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 1.
Telephone Red 224 L
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time i
lieave San Francisco. 4: Bo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.B.
| ArrlT* Denver ......5:00 p. m., "W.T.F.g.B.M.T.
i Arrtn Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.8.8.M.T.W.
; -Arrive St. Louis »:18 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 8:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
• HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLB
If You Travel on the Santa Fe.
HI mum TicKEfliTicE — U4 market SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala 1620.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioo- 231 J Street.
Banjos© Ofice— 7 West Santa Clara Si.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, 1888.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo, »8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 6:16. »6:00.
1:30 p. m. '" ■■•. • •
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. m. ...
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, "9:00,
•10:00. 11:00, 11:30 a. m. 1:00. »1:45, »2:30, *4:00,
6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not ru.n to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. * : >,
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and -way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
. way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Caiadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Reyes and way sta'ns,
"■ODHT TWALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY."
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) ■ ■
Leave < San > Francisco, ' commencing May L
1898: : ... . ■ . .
Week — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 5:16 p. m. ■•
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:30 p. m. r : . 
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. '
i THOS. COOK & SON. Ajrents. 831 Market
street. San Francisco. ; ■
AUCTION SALES.
BASCH AUCTION CO., Inc.,
Sl9-321 Sutter street, between Grant avenue and
Stockton street. Telephone Grant 87.
GRAND AUCTION SALEI
' 1 Will Sell
THIS DAW
WEDNESDAY .....JUNE 29. IS3S
At 11 a. m., on premises,
Sl4 LOMBARD, Bet. TAYLOR AMD JONES.
The elegant and well-kept furnishings of a
twelve-room house: One Steinway & Sons
Piano; 1 New England Piano; 1 Brunswlck-
Balke-Collender Monarch Cushion Billiard Ta-
ble, with Ivory Balls; Cues. Rack and Counters
complete; 1 Combination Card and Chess Table,
handsomely Inlaid; 2 magnificent Italian Dinner
Sets, complete. Particulars in Chronicle.
' S. BASCH. Auctioneer.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALES
AT fl^^i
GRAND ARCADE HORSE MARKET,
327 SIXTH STREET,
THIS DAY.
WEDNESDAY June 29, 1893
At 11 a. m.
By order of the Park Commissioners we will
sell a lot of Horses, and also at the same time
i and place Buggies, Wagons. Carts, Harness,
etc. ■ SULLIVAN & DOYLE.
Live Stock Auctioneers.
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) AT 11 A. M.
304 TURK ST., NEAR LEAVEN WORTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market st.
BAILEOAD TKAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Titwroo Perry. ¥—t «f Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
.at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:20.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <:IO, 7:60, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:46.
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 29, ; -•
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. I days. Destination, days. Pays.
7:30 am S:CO am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
S:Bopm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
~ 1 1 Fulton, I
7:80 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am Hopland and 110:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami j 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllie. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm \ j 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 1 10:40 am 8:40 am
and (
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. , 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sebastopol. [10:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale tor
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelßeyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
i Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
: Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Bide, Lierley'B, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullville, Booneville, Orr'B Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
••CTIIKRN fMI'IFIC COHPAHT. I
(rAcirio biktrm.) .;:..•.
Trcilma leave Mad nre due (•> arrive ml
HA ft t'KAX IS«O.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street) ">
tun — Fbok Jew* 1. 18M. — AM.%zrm
'fItOOA Nile*. Baa Jose and Way Station*... •Bt4a*.
7:00* Benici*. Suisua and Saoramento.... . IW**
7 jOO a MarjSTllle, OroTiUe and Bedding tl»
Woodland «**»*
7:00 a V»o»rllle and Rumsey . Bi*3r
7«30a Martinez, San Eamon.ValleJo, Nap*.
Callatoca and Santa Roia 5 : l? p
8«0»a Atlantic Express. Og>leii and Kaat.. »i«*
IiSOAKIIea, San Ju«e. HLocktoii, lone,
Sacramento. MarysTille, Chloo, =]. ._-
Tuhama and Re.l Bluff 4r !s r
•HiB*A Peters. Miltou.Oakdale »7llBl>
»i««a New Orleans K»iirem. Merced, Fres-
uo. llakerellolJ. .Santa lJurl.ara,
l.»a Aiii[«lo«, Derail. g. El Va»o, : _ .
.. - New Orleans and East ••* »»
IO:OOa Vallejo. Murtinez and Way Station* /.«*
•l:OOp SacramouU lliver Steamers , I 9I 9 *2r2 r
..Ban Jose, Nllea and Way Station* ... J»ilO*.
*:OOr Lirenujre, Mtsdota, Uanford and
VUalia.. *«> a *
....... LtTormore, Ban Jose, Niles and Way M j-J_-
Station. JI0«15*
..„..'. Fresno, Yo«emlte, Merced, Martlaes l*il»P
4ioor Martina;, Ban Kamoii, Vallejo.
N»pa, (.'allatoga, Xl Verano and
Santa, Koiw »iI»A.
4ioop ßenloia. VaeaTlU^ Woo dl
Knight* I*ndin». MwrynTiUe, <)ro-
•":■ Tills and Sacramento »• «*•*
4iBor Nile*, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7ilO»
4sBop Stockton, Lodi, Oakdale (James-
town for Yoaemlte), Merced. I»*l*F
•xBor Latbrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Raymond for Yo*emiteX Freano, *
Jioj*Te. Santa Barbara and LtM
Auielea.. *««»*•
4taOr Santa Fe Route. Atlanllo KiprM* ■ ■
for Moja»o and Rant 6i4Sr
6iO«p Ruropeau Mail, OgJen and Bart.... »■* »*.
•«:eOpValle]o i ' I * ! i2 F
•tOOr Il»)wariU, Nile* and San Jose 7i4»*.
J7iOOr Vallejo, Port Oo»U and Way 8»»-
tlon* ••••• I»i4a»
BiOOp Oregon Haeramento, Maryi-
»llle, K«.Mliik. Portlantl, ruget
Bonml and Kant »il»*.
' SAN LKA.VDRO AM) lUVWAKDS LOCAL.
. (Foot of Market Street.)
1 Helronf, Seinliiiirjr Park, ( ' s *2*'
SiOOa Kitchburs;, Klmhartt, Kllilt
i 2'»2 A S" I*«nnro,So.thB»m Wiilt
.11-oSt Leandro, K.tudlllo, J4' tl S£
lii:ii»M ' Loremo, Cherry ■ fi*M>
<» : o»p ..•« ij'iiir
SxOOp naywarda. (St43r ,
7:«0p { Run* through to Nile*. ti4»r
J t From Nile*. I
COAST DIVISION (Narrow «».|(e).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
17:43 a SaaU Crux Kxcuraion, Santa OfUS ■■
and Prindpal Way Stations !••••■»
•iISa Newark, CentorTlUe. San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santo Onrx »nd Wai
Bution* -••• •»»•»»
*StlSr Newark. OenterTiUa, Baa Jot*. Sew ,
Almaden, Frlton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cnu and Principal War .
Stations »l«f»O*.
4tlSp Ban Joie, Glenwood* Way Station! 9:404.
a4:lsp Boulder Creek and SanU Oral JU:gUA.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
' fromSlK FRIIICISCO— Foot of Mirk«l StrMliSUil)—
•7:10 9:110 11:00a.u. tl:00 *3:00 13:03
•4:00 t5:00 •«:00f.«.
horn 01IURD— Fttt «f BrtulnT.— "B:oo 8:00 10:001.11.
118:00 »l:00 t2-03 *3:00 ti-00 '8:03 P.M.
I COAST DIVISION (llr»ad (Jauge). '
■(Third and Townsend St*.)
! •7tUOA San Jom and Way Station* (New
, Airiiaucti Wednesdays only) ...... 1130*
! f7»80.v Sunday Eicuntion for Ban Jose, ■
SanU Crux, Padflo Grove aad
Principal Way Button* |S:»3»
•'••a Han Jose. Tre* rinos, HanU Cms.
PaciHo Urore. Paso Roble*, Han
Luis Obitpo, GuadaJupe, Surf and
Principal Way HUtluns 4ilop
fOt4OA San Jose and Way 5t0U0aa......... '8:00 a
11>3Oa Ban J«ee ami Way Buttons *8<!»A
*8;43r San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Pack,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Man Joes.
Oilruy, Hollistei, BauU Cm*.
Balinas, Monterey Mid Taoitie
Urofe *l»:8»4
•«:3Op San Jose and Way Station* •»!»«*
I •4ili lip Han Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:454
■ •3ioopSanJ<Meaud Principal Way SUtion* 6iSSa
s:3opBanJoM and Principal Way BUtios* B:SOr-
«:a»r San Jo«e and Way UUtluns v *7iUof
tll:4»p Ban JoaaaudWay SUUods.. *~T»3Or
A for Morning. '. P for Afternoon. : "
•Sunday* eieepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
I Bandar* and Monday*. a Saturdays and Bnndays.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898, trains will run as follows: .
Bouth-bound. _ North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed IFuun^
ger Sunday St.- Sunday nr
Daily. )Exo'pt l d | tons. Exo'pfd Dally.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 1:45 p m 5:40 n m
1:10 a m 12:60 p m Merced 12:50 m 3:51 p m
10:40 am 3:50 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:30 x> m
11:35 am 6:45 p m Hanford 7:45 am 1:25 pra
t:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:15 a. m
12:0upm 7:50 pm Vlsalta 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
Stopping: at | Intermediate points as required
' Connections — At Stockton with steamboat* ot
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at •
p. m. ■ dally; at : Merced with stages to and
from Sr.ellinirs, Coulterville, Yoaemlta, ate I
also with stage from Homitos. MarlpoM. eta. S
i at Laokenblm with atact to gaiitrooi MilsV.
910
A GLANCE AT
REAL ESTATE
The Market Still Marked
by Dullness.
LARGE SALES A NOVELTY
BLIGHT IMPROVEMENT PER
CEPTIBLE IN BUILDING.
A General Review of the Records,
New Building Contracts, Re
cent Sales and Other
Notes.
Progression In the real estate market is
Etill exceedingly slow with absolutely not
the slightest prospect for improvement in
the near future.
The lapse of a week has done little, if
anything, toward improving its character
istic dullness and the threatened stagna
tion of a few months ago seems now to
bo a reality. The only department that
seems to have any indication or Bem
blance of life, whatever, is the building.
Numerous contracts were awarded during
the past week, many of them involving v.
larger value than the usual.
The number of large mortgages is still
on the increase, the record of the past,
week involving an aggregate of nearly
$30u,000, while the number of releases and
reconveyances is still correspondingly
smaller.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the past week there were seventy
three mortgages and trust deeds recorded,
amounting to *260.705. For the same period
forty-nine releases and reconveyances pasatd
to record in the total sum of $195,770.
The principal mortgages and trust deeds
are as follows: By Antolne Borel to Rufttno
Blanchl, $20,000 on property In the one
hundred block. 357, situated on the northwest
erly line of Bryant. M feet northeast of S-<»
enth. northeast 92:6 by northwest 275, on the
easterly line of Sanchez. 200 feet south of Thir
tieth, south 50 by east 125, block 26, Faiirnount
Tract: by the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety to George W. McNear. $45,000 tor on*
year at 6Vs per cent on property in tlia M-vara
block 54, situated on the easterly line -f Alor..-
Komery street, 97:6 feet north of Pine, north
40 by east 137:6; by the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society to Peter K. Donnelly, $9000. for
on° year at Shi per cent on property in West
ern Addition block Ib 4, situated on the south
erly line of Pacific. 27:6 feet east of Laguna,
east CO by south 122:2%; by Mary A. Bailey
to Daniel D. Callaghan. $60,000 lor four years
at 4 1-3 per cent a year, on four descriptions
us outlined injjeed recorded; by the San Fran
cisco Theological Seminary to the Westminster
l'resbyterlan Society of San Francisco, $14,000
lor three years at t>4 per cent, on property In
Western Addition block 289, situated on the
southeast corner of Webster and Page, east
72:6 by south 137:6.
The principal releases and reconveyances
were recorded as follows:
From the Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety to Joseph and Isa' --■ "5. Ftßel. $5G,000
on property situated In the 50-vara block 122,
situated on the easterly line of Stockton street,
113:6 feet north of Ellis; from the German and
Savings Loan Society to Mary and Louis Jun
ker, $13,000 on property in the Western Ad
dition block 224, situated on the southeast cor
ner of McAllister and Buchanan, east 55 by
south 120; from the German Savings and Loan
Society to Margaret and Alexander Leonard,
$10,000 on property In the Western Addition,
block 606, situated on the northwest corner of
Geary and Devieadero, west 100 by north 125;
from the Savings and Loan Society to Fannie
M-, William and Fannie L. Rabe, $12,500 on
property In the 50-vara blocks 70 and 161, situa
ted respectively on the southerly line of Clay,
CO feet west ■•: Montgomery, west 60 by south
69:9, and the northwest corner of Clay and
Wetmore place, west 24:3 by north 60.
NEW BUILDING CONTRACTS.
Northerly line of Seventeenth, 270 west of
Castro, west 26 by north 180:1 by southeast
27 :1.., by south 152:3Vi— All work for a frame
building; owner, Mrs. F. R. Manncll; archi
tect, M. J. Lyon; contractor, George Elder;
cost, $3200.
Fifteenth and De Haro— Alterations and con
structions In connection with a new north wing
to present building; owner. Sanitary Reduction
Works; architect, Thomas J. Welch; cost.
$174: i.
Webster, between Fulton and Hayes—Altera
tions to present building and the rrr-tion of a
new stable; owner, Edward Leopold; archi
tect and contractor, V. R. Grant; cost, $1023.
Southwest corner of Stevenson and Third-
Concrete, stone and brick work, cement, iron,
terra cotta, cast and wrought Iron, excava
tions, etc., for a six-story brick building;
owners, F. and A. Baruch; architects, Percy
& Hamilton; contractors. Peacock & Butcher;
coat, $io,eoo.
Southwest corner of Clement and Ninth ave
nue, wes 32:6 by south — All work except
plumbing and painting for a two-story frame
dwelling and stable; owner, Frank de Cur
tonl; architect, W. H. Armltaxe; contractor,
A. Dahlberg; cost, $3200.
Easterly line of Stevenson, 14." feet norm of
Fourteenth— All work except painting, mantels,
shades and gas fixtures for a one-siory frame
building; owner. Hugh CavanaK'.i; r.in.lii».ect,
J. T. Kldd; contractors, Johnson & Secor; cist,
$1439.
Southerly line of Pacific, sixty feet cart of
Bartlett alley, south 67:1% by east 25:6— A1l
work for a two-story brick building; own >r,
Bartholomew Brignoli; contractor, ■D. Straub
6 Son: cost, $0460.
Westerly line of York, 250 feet north of Twen
ty-second, north 25 by west 100— All work, ex
cept mantels, chandeliers and shades for alter
ations and additions to a frame dwelling.
Chenery and Palmer — Two-story frame cot
tages; owner, architect and contractor, A.
ChriEtensen; cost, $3200.
Westerly line of Michigan, between Twen
tieth and Twenty-first, 100 feet from Twentieth.
50 by Repairs to partly burned portion it
the Union Hotel; owner, Mrs. E. Bchultze; ar
chitect and contractor, William Paterson; cost,
$2207.
Northwest corner of Post and Laguna, north
GO by west 62:6 Plumbing, sewers, etc., for a
three-story frame building; owner, Mrs. Rose
Kahn; architect, 3. J. Laferme; contractors,
Schanz & Grundy; cost. $1179.
OTT OF TOWN.
A high school and library building is to he
erected at San Rafael at an estimated cost of
11200.
Sacramento — Aull of the Folsom
Prison baa been authorized to have a chapel
and assembly hall erected according to the
specifications forwarded to the prison directors
come months ago.
Palo Alto — Plans have been accepted for J-e
new auditorium and library building on tue
campus, and bids for the erection of same will
be opened about the middle of Ju'v. Th.; esti
mated cost of the buildings is »25.1.000.
Petaluma— Camm & Ackermann have been
awarded the contract for building a warehouse
for H. T. Fairbanks In East Petaluma. Main
structure will be fiOxl92, and there will be an
addition 48x4S- building will be of wood.
Bakersfleld— Trustees of Beardsley School
District have called a special tax election for
July 6. It Is proposed to raise $1200 to be used
in making additions to the school house and
Improving school grounds.
Colton— A. G. Steams Intends to build and
equip a large packing house.
M. L. Warts, Broadway and Seventeenth
street, report the following sales: House and
lot on Bancroft way, Berkeley, to Mrs. Hanna
of Liverrnore. $5000.
Lot in Scenic Tract, Berkeley, to Mary E.
Moore, $700.
Lot 100x100. on Forty-sixth strep* In Alden
Tract, to Fannie I. Springsteen. $1000.
Throe lots in Snvder Homestead Tract,
Berkeley, to Charles Gamble and Warren
Graves, $560.
RANDOM NOTES.
H. E. Poehlman. . -' .state agent, has re
moved his office to the Clunle building, 603
California street.
Alexander Forbes Oakey, the architect, has
removed from hla office In the Johnson build
ing, to room 67 of the Flood building.
The finishing work for the reception of the
new organ at the Dominican Church Is to be
done by Mahoney Brothers, the carpenters.
Mrs. ' Henry Falk, formerly Miss Edith D.
Solomon, has purchased the residence and lot
at 2707 Jackson street from Julius Uadston. The
lot Is 27:6 by 127:8%, and the price paid was
110,000.' Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. were the
brokers. .- ' ■• ■. s,\~
Extensive repair* are being made to . St.
Vincent's Church In Vallejo, which was dam
aped by the earthquake. A great part of the
tower has been torn down and Ib being: recon
structed, and the brick cornices and pinnacles
as well as the term •-•»>!• of the buttresses are
being replaced by Thomas J. Welsh, the ar
chitect,' with galvanized Iron, all tightly bound
John L Bellanl has declared a $6000 homestead
on the southeast corner of Maple and Sacra
8 and Thomas W. Rollet have aban
doned their homestead on the north side of
Lombard street. 137:6 east of Flllmore and
Charlotte M Haynes-her homestead rights on
the east side of Taylor street. 71:6 south of
C1 a n' order has been made by the Probate Court
Ah' order has been made by the Probate Court
confirming the, sale by the estate of Charles
r Terrill to F, E. Hcethal of the premises on.
the southwest corner of Valencia and Hermann
Bt rw!rmatorv' action has also been taken In
the sale by the estate of Anna Glusti to H. A.
L Floyd for $10,000 of the property on the
southeast corner of Filbert and Leavenworth
Mrs tB; A M. Stlllman has purchased 910 acre*
LnAnT a small house near Portersvllle.
Tulare County. ™tlv In frrain for $14,000.
Bovev Toy & ' Sonnto* were the : brokers. -
WILL SHARKEY
FIGHT CLEAN?
The Sailor Meets Ruhlin
To-Morrow Night.
BETTING AT CORBETT'S PLACE
: BLOW THAT LOST McKEEVER
HIS LAST BATTLE.
Union Coursing Park Will Give
a Three Days' Meeting
Commencing on.
Saturday.
Ruhlln and Sharkey will meet to
morrow evening in a contest of twenty
five rounds before the New York Ath
letic Club. The betting in Corbett's on
the result is quite spirited. Sharkey is
a favorite at 2 to 1, and even money is
offered that the fight will be finished
inside of sixteen rounds. Notwithstand
ing that the gamblers are playiijj
Sharkey to win there are quite a num j
ber of clear-thinking sports who are i
of the opinion that the contest will last
until the limit is reached anl that
Ruhlin will get the decision on points.
They argue that Ruhlin's straight left
hand punches will get the sailor wild
and that Sharkey will swing recklessly
at his opponent and commit mai:y
fouls. It would not surprise thousands
of people here if the wires conveyed
the news of Sharkey's early defeat be
cause of foul fighting and police inter
ference.
The boxers who will entertain mem
bers of the Manhattan Club to-morrcw
evening are Jimmy Anthony, "Kid"
Renlck, "Kid" McFadden, Lon Agnew,
Bud Terry and others of less note. A
first-class evening's sport is promised
the lovers of the pastime.
The Alpine Athletic Club has an ex
cellent card for its next entertainment,
which will be held on July 11. The hard
punching Jack Granfield will meet the
clever Billy Otts in an eight-round con
test, and Jimmy Riley and R. Gross
man of San Rafael will punch for six
rounds unless a knock-out decides the
bout before the final is reached.
In answer to a question regarding
the blow which put Charley McKeever
t<> sleep: It was as clean a cross-coun
ter as ever a pugilist delivered, and Mc-
Keever fell toward his opponent and
not from him, as erroneously stated in
a report. No such thing occurred as a
left or right hand stop. When Mc-
Keever recovered his pins after receiv
ing the blow on the mouth— and not on
the jaw — he staggered in the direction
of his corner, but was knocked down a
second time by a righthand punch on
the neck. The pictorial sketch which
appeared in a morning paper was en
tirely wrong in its representation.
Morris Jacobs, "the strong boy," is in
the city and is anxious to meet any
126 or 130 pound man in the State in a
boxing or wrestling match or in feats
of strength.
A horse-shoeing contest, open to the
State, will be held at Central Park in
July under the auspices of the Mechan
ics' Athletic Club, recently organized.
Valuable prizes will be offered for com
petition.
The coursing fraternity can look for
ward to exceptionably fine sport at
Union Park on July 2, 3 and 4. In the
open stake $SOO will be added by the
park managers. The great and only
For Freedom will again be seen con
testing for the long end of the green,
but there are rumors afloat that J. R.
Smith's Eastern dog which recently
arrived may give the great English
sprinter a hard rub. Dogs that will be
sent to their kennels on the first day
minus a flag will have an opportunity
of redeeming themselves if entered for
the consolation stake, which will be
run on America's great holiday, when
the finishes of the open stake will be
decided.
GROCERS WHO SELL
COTTONSEED OIL
A NUMBER OF ARRESTS ABOUT
TO BE MADE.
The Milkmen Have Not Been Forgot
ten and a Batch of Warrants
Is About to Be Issued.
Although there are still some points In
the pure food law to be decided by the
Supreme Court, the Health Department
has decided to go right ahead and make
arrests wherever adulterated products
can be found. Accordingly Inspector
Dockery has kept himself busy looking- for
violations of the law, and violators nave
kept themselves just about as busy get
ting out of his way.
As a result of his energies he has pro
cured a number of samples of something
which has been freely sold for olive oil,
but which, it is alleged, is nothing more
or less than cottonseed oil, and accord
ingly a number of arrests will be made
to-day. Those charged with handling the
impure product are Bernard F. Bruse,
1061 Golden Gate avenue; E. W. Buck.
Hayes and Gough; J. J. Carroll, Fell and
Webster: J. J. Moran. 2931 Sixteenth; J.
Howe, 3999 Seventeenth street; Sand beck &
Sverdrup, 1001 Larkin; Paul Krebs, 2300
Sutter, and Schmidt & Stolrnan, IGOI Fol
som street. As soon as these cases are
disposed of a number of merchants will
be arrested charged with handling impure
pepper and adulterated vinegar.
While the grocers have been taken care
of the milkmen have not been neglected,
and warrants have been issued for the
arrests of A. J. Brandsehnede. 2559 Twen
ty-sixth street; N. Coleman, China avenue
and Naples street; A. Danwood, 118 Rus
sian avenue; Durham & McClellan, Dur
ham farm; L. Cassen, Silver avenue; F.
Villers, CO4 Third street, and John Sere,
Persia avenue, charged with selling im
pure milk, and M. Stacey, charged with
using formaline, an injurious preserva
tive, in milk.
Patriotic Home-Helpers.
At the meeting of the visiting and re
lief committees of the Patriotic Home
Helpers yesterday a number of cases
where material assistance had been ren
dered were reported. Several were re
jected as it was found that the applicants
were no worse off than before the relatives
enlisted. Donations were received as fol
lows: Mrs. W. M. Plerson, $5; John Hunt
Jr., S5; Mrs. N. H. Blinn, $1 50; Mrs. M.
A. Meslck, $1 50; Mrs. R. H. Plummer,
$1 50: A Friend, $1 50; Dr. Kate Overacker,
$3; L. F. Crockroft, $5; Oswald Roth
maler, $5; E. H. Sheldon, $5; G. Gump,
$5; J. W. Reid, $5; J. W. Carmany, $1; A
Friend. $5: C. E. Bickford. Jfi; M. A. Ne
well, $5; Mrs. H. L. Smith. $1.
Celebrate the Fourth with California
fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
ifornia Fireworks Co., 219 Front st. •
Limes Ruined by Fumigation.
Customs Collector Jackson yesterday
ordered 116 boxes of Acapulco limes on
board the Newport thrown overboard.
They were rulnod. It is alleged, by the
fumes of the gases used by Federal Quar
antine Officer Rosenau, while fumigating
the vessel a few days ago. The limes were
valued at SSSO.
DIED.
GREINER— In this city, June 28, 1898, Miss
Amelia Grelner, beloved daughter of Mrs.
Christina Grelner, and sister of Alr«. Frank
Lester and Mrs. George W. Waltenbaugh, a
native of California, aged 34 yeaw t months
and 14 (Jays,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1898.
SURF STAKES
FOR AUTUMN
Racing in the Mud at
Sheepshead.
DAMIEN BEATS THOMAS CAT
ESPIRAGE WINS THE COVING
TON AT LATONIA.
Black Venus Runs a Sensational Race
in the Lakeside Event
at Washington
Park.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 28.— There was a
heavy downpour of rain during the rac
ing at Sheepshead Bay to-day. Re
sults:
Five and a half furlonga, selling:, Alpin
won, Tyrtshena second. Dr. Fitzsimmons
third. Time, 1:OS 4-5.
One mile, Whistling Con won, Clonsilla
second, Squire Abingdon third. Time,
1:42 2-5.
Six and a half furlongs, selling, Irish
Reel won, Tremargo second, lien Ronald
third. Time, l:2u 1-5.
Surf stakes, five and a half furlongs,
Autumn won. Miller second, Manuel third.
Time, 1:07 1-5.
Mile and three sixteenths, Damien won,
Thomas Cat second, Howard Mann third.
Time, 2:03 2-5.
Mile and three-quarters, over six hur
dles. Forget won, Brown Red second,
Trayant third. Time. 3:IS.
CINCINNATI, June 28.— Weather
pleasant; track fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling, McAllister won.
Miss C second, Lena Myers third. Time,
1:30%.
One mile, selling, Remp won, Banastar
second, Ray B third. Time, 1:42%.
Five and a half furlongs, the Covington
Spring stakes, Esplrage won, Fannie Tay
lor second, Rockland third. Time, 1:09%.
Seven furlongs, selling, Jeannett won,
Possum second, Ada Russell third. Time,
1:25%.
Five furlongs. Sis Vie won, Manana sec
ond, Marohmont third. Time, 1:03%.
ST. LOUIS, June 28.— The track at
the fair grounds was slow this after
noon. Results:
One mile, selling. Mystery won, Insplrer
second, Equitome third, 'rime, 1:47%.
Five furlongs, two year olds, Leo
Planter won, Lafayette second, Alta May
third. Time, 1:05.
Six furlongs Randazzo won. Fourth
Ward second, Pat Murphy third. Time,
1:18.
Six furlongs, selling, The Chemist won,
Xalissa second, Minnie Weldon third.
j Time, 1:16%.
I One mile, selling, Naoma won. Howitzer
second, Miss Floride thh'd. Time, 1:45.
Mile and twenty yards, selling, Maddalo
won. Organ Pilot second, Mamie G third.
Time, 1:45&
CHICAGO. June 2S.— Black Venus made
a splendid record when she won the Lake
side stakes at Washington Park this af
ternoon, traveling the five furlongs In
1:00% with top weight up and adding $2200
to her owner's bank account. This is the
fastest time made by any filly this year.
It is said Riley Grannan won heavily on
the result. Macy and Cherry Leaf were
the only winning favorites. Weather
clear; track fast. Results:
Mile and seventy yards, Macy won,
Teutonia second, Al Fresco third. Time,
1:44%.
Five furlongs, Santello won, Wolverton
second. Hardy Pardy third. Time, 1:03>4.
Lakeside stakes, two year olds, fillies,
five furlongs. Black Venus won, Souchon
second, Toluca third. Time, 1:00%.
One mile, Boanargos won. The Manx
man second. Fervor third. Time. l^O^.
Six furlongs, Ben Hadad won, Algol sec
ond, Hurly Burly third. Time, 1:13%.
One mile and a sixteenth. Cherry Leaf
won. Haphazard second, Alvarado II
tn.ro. Time, I:4S.
BUFFALO N. T., June 28.— Results at
Fort Erie:
First race, six furlongs, selling— Sister
Alice won, Frisco Ben second, Maggie
third. Time. 1:19.
Second race, maiden two-year-olds,
! half mile — Wreath won, Tribune second,
Contravene third. Time, :52.
Third race, one mile — Brighton won,
Bride second, Free Lance third. Time,
1:44%.
Fourth race, five furlongs — MeCarren
won. Pell Mell II second, Slmcoe third.
Time, 1:04%.
Fifth race, three-year-olds, mile and an
eighth— Simon D won, Jimmie Gibbon
second, P.on Jour third. Time. 1:58%.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs—Skill
man won, Damocles second, South Africa
third. Time, 1:17.
OMAHA, June 2S.— Results:
Two-year-old trot— The Merchant won
first and second heats, Crito third heat.
Best time, 2:25.
Three-year-old class, pace— Wlggaletta
won second, third and fifth heats; Fanny
Putnam first and fourth heats, J. H. B.
third. Best time. 2:14%.
2:35 class, trotting— Queerest won sec
ond, fourth and fifth heats; B. C. won
first and third. The best time. 2:14%.
Hoop, Mabel Wilkes and Wert also
started.
PORTLAND, June 2S.— Results at Irv
ington:
lacing. 2:17 class, Ben Bolt won. Grade
P second. Best time. 2:22*..
Four furlongs, two-year-olds, Daira
won. The Oregon second, C. K. third.
Time. :04.»
Four furlongs, Gus L won, Jubllua sec
ond. Miss Dewey, third. Time, :51%.
Seven furlongs, Ping won, Jim Brownell
second. Metalre third. Tim", 1:30%.
REDS WIN TWICE
FROM THE BROWNS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDIKO.
W. L. Pet. | W.- L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..39 22 .639 New York ..29 29 .500
Boston 37 22 .627 Philadelphia 26 z8 .4SI
Baltimore ...34 22 .607 : Brooklyn ....23 33 .411
Cleveland ...35 23 .603 'Wellington .23 36 .3SO
Chicago 84 26 .567 St. Louis ...JO 41 .ill
Pittsburg ....32 27 .542 Louisville ...19 42 .311
CLEVELAND, June Rusle was in
vincible in the first game and the home
team took a shut out with only two hits.
The Giants went to pieces in the second
game. Attendance 1500. Score, first game:
' Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 0 2 2
New York 4 "9 0
Batteries— Wilson and O'Connor; Rusie and
Warner. Umpire— Cushman.
— second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 8 6 0
New York 4 12 7
Batteries— Young and Zlmmer; Seymour and
I Grady. Umpire— Cushman.
PITTSBURG. June Gray's wild
throw in the first inning was responsible
for one run and in the fourth and rifth
Killen was hit for seven bases and three
runs, giving the visitors a big lead. The
home team rallied in the ninth when Gray
knocked a three-bagger, scoring Tannehill
and O'Brien and coming home himself on
Long's wild throw. Attendance 2500.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 3 8 4
Boston .. .:.............. 6 14 3
Batteries— Killen, Hastings and Schrlver;
Willis and Yeager. Umpires— and An
drews. '
ST. LOUIS, June 28.— Reds played
two postponed ; games here to-day and
captured both. The ' first game was a
pitchers' battle from the start. The Reds
had no trouble hitting Sudhoff at critical
times In the second game. Attendance
2500. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 6 1
Cimcinnatl 3 5 3
Batteries— Hughey and Clements; Dwyer and
Vaughan. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
Score— Second game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 0 it 2
Cincinnati 5 8 2
Batteries — Rudhoff and Sugden; Dammann
and Peltz. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
LOUISVILLE, June 28.— The Quakers
made it three straight to-day, winning
easily. Attendance 300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Philadelphia 8 11 l
Louisville 3 8 1
Batteries— Platt and McFarland; Magea and
Klttrldge. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
BOTH MEN IN
FINE FETTLE
Sharkey and Ruhlin to
Meet To-Night.
THE SAILOR IS CONFIDENT
EXPECTS TO WIN IN LESS THAN
FIFTEEN ROUNDS.
Victor in the Combat Probably Will
Be Matched to Fight Jim
Jeffries of Los
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
NEW YORK, June 28.— 1f ever two
boxers were flt to furnish a fast and
clever battle they are Tom Sharkey,
the sailor, and Gus Ruhlin, the Akron
giant, who are to meet in a twenty
five round bout at the Greaer New
York Athletic Club at Coney Island _-
T~\~ night. From the moment the
match was arranged, which was over
three weeks ago, until the present
time, both men have been training con
scientiously for the bout, and they will
enter the ring in as good condition as
they ever did before.
Sharkey has been doing his work at
New Dorp, Staten Island, with the as
sistance of Steve O'Donnell and Spider
Kelly and Tim McGrath of San Fran
cisco, and as the trio have given him
the best of attention he has been able
to get himself into excellent condition.
Sharkey la confident of winning and
expects to beat Ruhlin in less than fif
teen rounds. He will enter the ring
weighing about 182 pounds.
Ruhlin, who has been getting himself
into shape at Mechanicsville, Pa., un
der the direction of Billy Madden, his
manager, is, according to Madden, in
much better shape for this bout than
he was when he met Kid McCoy a few
weeks ago.
The winner, it la said, will be
matched with Jeffries.
National Circuit Races.
GLEN FALIyS, N. T., June 28.— National cir
cuit bicycle races were held here to-day. Re
sults:
Half-mile handicap, professional— Gardiner
won, Klmhle second, Stevens third. Time, 1:00.
Mile, handicap • professional — Bald won.
Cooper second. McFarland t.lrd. Time. 2:05 1-5.
Mile, National championship— Gardiner won,
Kinibl- second, McFarlrtnd third. Time, 2:09 3-5.
MIIp, against track record of 2:00%, paced by
a triplet— E. C. Hald. 1:54.
Libel on Coal.
A libel was filed in the United States
District Court yesterday by A. Anderson
and the other owners of the ship Eclipse
against a cargo of 2460 tons of coal on
board the vessel to recover $4182 freight
charpes alleged to bp due on the coal from
Seattle to San Francisco.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
M Goldsmith. StUtn G Keagle, Stockton
W C Hellbron, N V Q WrlKht, Washtn
J Lustig, Tulp.ro H T Smith, Washtn
J Neimey-frAw, Utah E Mlddleton, Watsonv
J D H '11.'. S Marcus V Graham, cc B mtirla
W ("luff, Martinez X .Tames, Port'and
J Bnrlght, B JoM R Price. Parto
F Hofer Jr. Stanford G F Murphy, Cal
C Chapman. Stanford E S Pierce, Fresno
M Coffmen, N M F J Kerridge. Sonoma
J Rn.«et,erg. N V S H Burnett, Denver
L Chambers, Visalla E C Hughes. Clinton
D O Hine. Vlsalia W C Furstftw, Chgo
O J Lowery, Fresno B B Cnleman, Chicago
G B Graham, Fresno C F Mugridge, Valljo
W Barker. Kenwood W Flnlaw. S Rosa
J L Weaver. Idaho J Hart, Cal
H B Brecker, NY S H Rlee&dau. Ukiah
Robt Lusk. Nashville E Bonwright&w, Phila
Mrs E Brock, S Cruz J N Miner, Fresno
J Flynn, Jersey City J C Neimeyer, Utah
D Cummlngs, city : E E Place, L Gatos
PALACE HOTEL.
F A Salisbury. Sacto I Miss Dolan. Orovllle
Frank J Fertlg. Ohio jL T Weight, Keswick
N Syronatincoff, Russia; Wm B Peck. N V
G Wadleigh, Boston J R Hyland, S Jose
Albert Reid. Wisconsin F V Koesling. P Alto
W X Barrows. Phila i Mr. Flint, Palo Alto
Mrs W Piirrows, Phll'E Crowder, I' 8 A
D T Day, Washington I J W Suetterl.ee. Wls
Wm Prldham, L Ant; ! Mrs J Suutterless. Wls
E C Valfntlne, L Anglß C Bulwer, U S navy
Mlsa B Wichibald, Ariz ; B P dv Bols, U S N
S F Gitterman. Chic I Mrs Brumback, Toledo
F C James, Spokane [G W Kenny. Kan City
J S Rawlings Jr. Bait 1 Mrs G W Konny do
O L d'Ozonville. Paris G W Kennedy do
W A Lawson, Chlcagol Mrs Q Kennedy do
Nellie S Rappley D C ' Ezra W Thayer, Ariz
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A Schwarz, L Ang E Forde & w, 8 Jose
W Calder, Orange Vale R B Lane. Amador
C M Hunter. L Ang J N Tice. Paris
M E Harris. Oakland B Salvinl, Chicago
P Adams, S Rafael R N Davis. Phila
T ChUders. USA B Boyce. Baltimore
J J Ornate. USA H T Carter. London
C E Lancham, NY R Yardlley, Naples
F W Braddock, Wash R N Meline, France
J McCudden, Vallejo B Eckstrom. Texas
Miss McCudden, Valid J B Baxter. England
E Edison. Knights Ldg N Nicholson. England
A L Luce, Salinas J Slosson, Boston
11 P Luce. Salinas J Schaffer, Portland
S Henry, Stockton
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Holub, Tulare IJf L Smith, Eureka
M D Varley, Stockton .C Halllday. Mexico
T R Stewart. Colfax J Ross, S Jaclnto
J Welch, S Jose C Varney. Bakersfleld
D Crlmmlns, Montreal J M Dixon. L Ang
C Demetrick. Berkeley! D Myers. Salt Lake
J Ackerly, Chicago T S Jones, Salt Lake
E Bennett. Oakdale IC Bell & w, Dunsmulr
C L Rochester, Sacto L Marshall. Uklah
Mrs Barry, Modesto S Dean. Healdsburg
Miss Barry, Modesto
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
MARSEILLES— Arrived June 28— Stmr Brit
annia, from New York.
BOULOGNE— Arrived June 28— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York; stmr Werkendam, from
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 2S;— Stmr Wes
ternland, from Antwerp.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes Etreet; open until V.M o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; -r^n until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission 6treet: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 oVlr^k.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
ICOS Polk street; open until »:3u o'eiocK.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
MR3. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer; room
98, second floor, 1505 Market st, cor. Eighth.
MISS EMILY POTTER, 865H Market St., room
12, opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
MISS FLOSSIE DAVIS, manicure and mas-
sage. Room 7, 1211 Market St.; old No. 1007.
ROOMS papered from $2 60; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 843 3d.
CLARA NORDLINGER, alcohol baths ami
massage. 101 Eddy St., room 12.
PEARL PIERCE, manicuring. 230 Kearny st..
room 20.
MISS L. DEAN, Sl7 Market St.. parlors U and
12, Turkish baths and massage treatment.
ETA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2, 32 Turk st.
MISS SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17, second floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye., room 6.
■MISS SHELDON, Hteam baths and chiropodist.
1021 Market St., opp. Powell, rooms 9 and 11.
PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120V4 Geary st.. room 2.
MISS EVA SUMMERS, alcohol and vapor
baths. 116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
boths. 120^. Geary st, room 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15 v Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 16-16.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. ft
M. Called meeting THIS (WEDNES- |
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third TEST j
degree. / V '
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. A
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _/V_
HAY) EVENING, June 29, at 7:30^1f
o'clock. Third degree. f^w^
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. &A. •
M.— Officers and members will meet at _#V_
the Temple THIS (WEDNESDAY) %J«
AFTERNOON at 2 o'clock, to conduct /▼ »
the funeral of our late brother. JOHN H.
HAWKES. GEO. J. KOBE, Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. <<^fi^^
0. Officers and members meet •=5*5?555K=
in Memorial Hall, Thursday,
June 30, at 1:30 p. m., to attend '?7/)«^ >
funeral of Brother Peter Rehder.
■ • C. E. POST, N. G.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50 postage
paid.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
jj tion of California, 222 Sansome St., has de-
clared for the year ending June 30, 1898, a div-
idend of 6 per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, 7 per cent on one year term de-
posits, 10 per cent to class F stock, and 12
per cent to class A stock.
DR. ED. E. HILL, President.
CAPT. OLIVER ELDRIDGE, Vice- Pres.
WM. CORBIN, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— The German Savings and
Loan Society, 526 California St.— For the half
year ending June 30. ISIiS, a dividend has been
declared at the rate of four and twenty-hun-
dredths (4.20) per cent per annum on term
deposits and three and one-half (3.50) per
cent per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after FRIDAY, July 1,
IS9B. GEORGE TOURNY. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— and Loan Society,
101 Montgomery st., cor. of Sutter Board
of Directors declared a dividend for the half-
year ending June 30, 18SS, at the rate of four
(4) per cent per annum on term deposits and
three v.id one-third (3 1-3) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, and
payable en and after Friday, July 1, 189 S.
•Dividends not called for are added to and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after July 1, 1898.
. CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— San Francisco Savings
Union. 532 California St., corner Webb— For
the half year ending with the 30th of June,
1898. a dividend has been declared at the rate
per annum of four (4) per cent on term depos-
its and three and one-third (3 1-3) per cent on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Friday. July 1. 1898.
. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Savings Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post st. For the half year
ending June 30. 1898, a dividend lias been de-
clared at the rate of three and three-quar-
ten (3%) per cent per annum on all deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after Friday,
July 1, 1898. GEOROE A. STORY,
Cashier.
j HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 18
Geary st.— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dividends: Four per
. cent per annum on term and 3 1-3 per cent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on
and after July 1, 189?.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 82, 50c per
share, of the Oceanic Steamship Company,
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market St., on and after FRIDAY. July
1. 1898. Transfer books will close on Satur-
day, June 25. 1858. at 12 o'clock m. E. H.
SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment Office— First-class se-
lect help. X 35 Market ft.: phone Clay 130.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED English woman, good cook
and houseworker, $10 to $12. Apply MRS.
NORTON, ::13 Sutter St.
A GERMAN girl wishes place to take care of
children, $12 to $15; good references. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
A NEAT Irish houseglrl, understands German
and American cooking: best references; city
or country. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. .
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
young and strong; best city references. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SUPERIOR Irish girl desires situation; good
cook and laundress; best references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work or as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS
CULT.EN, 325 Sutter st. .
LILLIAN RUSSELL of Marysville has return-
ed. 481 Seventh st., Oakland.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans,
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., room 8.
LADIES!— For an Al servant see J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
COMPETENT cook; would do cooking and
some washing or general housework: good
references. Please call 2223 Post st.
WOMAN wishes a position to do general house-
work; city or country; wages moderate. Ap-
ply 206 Fifth St., near Howard.
WOMAN with child 6 years old wants a situ-
ation to do general housework. Room 44,
St. George Hotel, 812 Kearny st.
YOUNG girl of 21 wishes position to take care
of child; speaks English and French. Call
or address 919 Clay st.
WANTED— for girl between 13 and 14
to take care of children or do light work.
Apply 613 Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes place,
good cook and housekeeper; city or country.
648 Third st.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly woman to
do light work; small wages. Apply 1000
Washington st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
do general housework, city or country. Call
at 759 Mission st.
RELIABLE eirl wishes position for house-
work and co.iking; good cook. Apply 2633 Post.
LADY'S maid or nurse wishes a situation;
best references given. Apply 1113 Pacific st.
WOMAN would like chamberwork in hotel or
lodging-house. MRS. X, 55 Lundy Lane.
2 GERMAN girls; light housework or bakery.
Apply 2623 Bryant st., bet. 24th and 25th.
WOMAN wants light housework by the day.
1744 Market st. g
____^______^___ „_ _j i
ARTISTIC dressmaker will work for $1 25 per
day. 1337 Market st., near Seventh.
NEAT German girl wishes situation in small
family; no children; wages $15. 448 Ninth st.
WANTED— By a young lady position as house-
keeper. Box \V B 26, Call Office.
GIRL wishes a situation for general house-
work. Apply at 337 Jessie St.. after 12.
YOUNG girl desires position; care of child.
Apply present employer, Baldwin Hotel,
room 350.
FIRST-CLASS colored woman wishes situa-
tion as cook. Address LAURA JOHNSON,
1006 Clay st.
YOUNG French lady, fresh wet nurse, wishes
situation In some family. Inquire MRS.
BERNARD, midwife, 801 Vallejo st.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do gen-
eral housework: city or country. Address
box 497. Woodland, Cal. ;,"■
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and want adw taken. ■
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 year*) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employment Bureau; best help
' promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
bent help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
A BOY 14 years old wishes to work for his
board mornings and evenings and go to
chool; country preferred; can take care of
horses and milk cows. Address box 147, El-
mira. Cal.
.WANTED— By gentleman of good appearance
and address day or night employment; can
give very best of references. A. 8., box 4
Call office.
POSITION as assistant bookkeeper and sten-
ographer and typewriter by a young man;
first-class references. S., box 498, Call office.
FOREMAN bread baker wants work. 712
Polk st. * "
MAN and wife, competent American ; couple,
■ want situation with a family, city or coun-
try, as man about place and cook, etc. ; wages
$30; references given. Address care of 104
Geary St., S. F. ; telephone Grant 185.
YOUNG man, understands work around private
place, wants position in city or country. Ad-
■ dress box 129, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as barkeeper or porter
-, In wholesale liquor store; rectifier • and com-
: pounder. : Address box 150, Call office.
COACHMAN who understands his business, so-
■ ber and reliable, wants position on private
; place in country or country town; references-
wages $30. Address G. W., box 277, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER— First-class double entry .- and
- correspondent; Al city references. Box 90
Call office.
EXPERIENCED '■ man I wishes a'" situation as
- grocery clerk or bartender; understands both;
has good references. ■:■ Address box 98/ Call. ;• ■■•■.-.
SITUATION « wanted 'by: a f steady and t sober
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses,- driving, garden, cows ; < best of refer- i
.; ences; city or country. .-■ Box £4, • Call office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third ' st. near
Market; 200 rooms. ; 25c ; to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
$6 . week; • convenient ;; and ' respectable; fra*
; 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. '
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
5 wai^ssSs: c G^ve:::::::::::::::::::|o
2 waitresses, same springs ■• j «
2 naitretees, same water resort..... «■»
2 waitresses, San Rafael J£j
2 waitresses, Stockton. •••• J2
2 waitresses, Mnrysville «
2 waitresses, Sausallto J--
6 waitresses, city restaurants........... ••••••*"
3 chambermaids, wait dinner city hotel, wo
Chambermaid and wait.- mountain resort, free
6 a extra' waitresses; ■mountain' resort, $1 50 a
day, free fare both ways, for July 1.
Pastry cook and baker, hotel «''
Laundress, plain work, resort «■
Mangier aTid starcher, resort. *--
3 cooks, hotels and restaurants...... ••••••••*'"
20 girls for housework and cooking, city and
country, $20 to $30: nurse girl, care of baby,
no fee. $10. Q.- R. HANSE^f & CO.. 104
Geary st. ( ** . ___
A GIRL, plain Ironing. $20; sleep home. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, wait, one meal, $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN to do housecleanin*. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st. _________
HEAD waitress, country, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Gutter St. _^ ;
FRENCH maid and seamstress. $25, see lady
here 2:30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
10 WAITRESSES, country, $20 and $25; 4 wait-
resses and chambermaids, $20 each, city.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
NURSE, $25: second girl, $25; cook. $30; sec-
ond girl, same house, $20; 12 housework gir s,
city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls.
assist,- $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Suttor.
SECOND "girl. $20: nurse, $20; chambermaid,
$20; cook, $25, German style. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, $20; 2 German house girls. 115
each: Irish house girl. $25. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st. ■
COLORED woman, light housework, Sl2; Ger-
man nurse girl. 1 child, 7 years, $12 -- $lo;
2 cooks, country, $25 each. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st. '
RANCH cook, $25; German woman to wash
dishes, $15; waitress, $15; young girl to as-
sist, $10 to $12. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
PROTESTANT girl for housework, $25; second
girl, assist washing, $20; German seamstress
and nurse, $20: cook, German style, $25; 5
waitresses and chambermaid, $20 and $25;
restaurant cook, $30; and girls for house-
work. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter Et.
A— GIRL about 14 to 16 years of age can have
nice home short distance in country; light
duties; office fee and fare paid. MURRAY &
I READY, 634-636 Clay St.
NEAT woman, not over 38 years of age, to
cook on fruit ranch; $20. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay at.
TEN good reliable girls wanted, wages, $20 to
$25; references both ways. 313 Bush st.
LADIES' select and refined bureau of informa-
tion; managed by city ladies. 313 Bush at.
BOOKKEEPER and order cleric, commission
house; stenographer, special work, to-day.
; 313 Bush st.
WANTED— waitress for nice resort near
city, $20; free fare and office fee. Apply to
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
WAITRESS and chambermaid, $20. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
FRENCH orphan girl wanted, 14 to 16, as com-
panion to lady, and assist In light housework
In famil- of 2; $8 a month and good perma-
nent home for clean, good-tempered girl,
willing to learn. Address, giving reference,
F. 0., box 260 Call Office.
WANTED— Lady to assist In variety stage
novelty, to travel; must be short, good look-
ing, good figure. Address full particulars.
Variety, box 82. Call office.
A.— WANTED — Saleslady for Jewel -. -eltles;
must furnish cash secrulty. KREIX) .1 CO.,
22% Geary st.
WANTED— A neat, reliable German girl for
general housework ; good! home for a willing
girl. Apply 109 Douglass st.
GOOD finisher on custom made pants. 935
Market, room 8; call ready for work.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with light
housework; wages $10. 1102% Eddy st.
3 GOOD solicitors wanted. KUSS & MOSS.
610 Montgomery st.
WANTED — Apprentice for dressmaking. Apply
2116% Van Ness aye.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages $6
a month. 462 Tehama st.
WANTED — An experienced hand on custom
coats. 14 Harriet st.
WANTED— Competent German girl to do gen-
eral housework. Apply 317 Larkln st.
WANTED— An apprentice girl on pants. 625
Merchant St., room 15.
RESPECTABLE woman for housework and
baby; small wages; call after 10. 15 Harriet.
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles' wrappers,
skirts, etc., few days In week or evenings.
Apply 338 Fell st., from 7 to 8 a. m. or p. m.
WANTED— Young girl, light housework; good
home; $5 month; small family. 716 Franklin.
WANTED— competent nurse: first-class city
references; none other need apply. 2235 Post
St.. near Devisadero. Call after 11 o'clock.
GIRLS can find employment by applying at
Home of Love for Children, 1301 Franklin st.,
Oakland.
WANTED— A few hundred more operators at
LEVI, STRAUS A- JO.'S factory, 32% Fre-
mont st. Inquire for Mr. Davis.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlns School, 1079 Market
•t. : perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
WANTED— and ladies to learn "Rood's
maeric scale dress cutting system" complete in
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postaz*
free. . -
HELP WANTED— MALE.
rA^^TlCTL^iE^rX^oTsr^oTGe-ry^tr^
WANTED .•
FOR ALASKA
Steamer sails Thursday
See Mr. Stanly here to-day
300 rockmen $3 a day
200 laborers $3 a day
20 bridge carpenters $3 50 to $3 85 a day
Special reduced fares
Work 11 hours. including Sundays; board $1
a day. Further particulars at our office. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR THE MINES
10 laborers for work in and around a large
mining plant/wages from $1 00 to $2 50 a day;
boa ml $15 a month: work the year round;
reduced rail rates to the job; further particu-
lars at our office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FOR THE WOODS
Screw turner, $45 and board; % fare paid;
crosscut sawyer. $35 and board; % fare paid:
head logger, Dolbeer engine crew, $60 and
board; 5 more barkers and buckers, $35 and
board: 10 woodchoppers to chop tanbark. $2 75
a cord: board $2 50 a week; cord and stove
wood choppers: also tiemakers. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRY HELP
2 laundrymen for a country hotel, $75 and
found; ■ man and wife for an Institution
laundry, $50 and found; 2 markers and dis-
tributors, $33 and $30 and found: ' polisher,
$30 and found; starchor. $25; washer, hotel
laundry, $30 and found, see party here C
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
EIGHT farmers. $20 and found. C. R HA\-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
....:.. WAITERS
2 waiters, country hotel. $25, fare advanced-
2 waiters, commercial hotel, near city $25-
2 waiters, resort, $25; 3 neat Eastern waiters'
$40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. '
cooks T7~
Cook for a mine. $60, fare advanced- cook
for one of the naval reserve boats, $44;' small
hotel, $40, see party here, $10 a week: pastry
cook, assist on range, $45; resort night cook
$10 a week; pantryman, $6 a week; summer
resort. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
STEWARD, country hotel, see party here $40 •
to $50. C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st
BARKEEPER, country hotel, see party hen»
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD WORK . . ~~
5 tunnel men .$2 50 "a" 'day
40 teamsters . re l f y)i
a gang of teamsters for the Valley road- 4
scraper loaders ....... ....... $1 75 »A' v
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary it
BLACKSMITH, $35 and found; helper. $25 and
$"£&%&?&?& c
WANTED— Night cook, $6 a week; night cook'
$6 week: cook, $60; . cook, plain re!Vaur£n
$3n; cook, near city. $40: second • cook $60 :
50 waiters, $30 and $35; kitchen hands. $15 to
$25; porter. $30; porter. $10; butler $S5- aeo
ANDRE'S;
EDGER man for sawmill, $2 50 a day; s farm
hands. $25; 4 farmers, $20: American man
and wife, $50; man about place $15 • fi "crater
teamsters, $1 60 a day: waiter "'and T™m ■
R. T. WARD & CO., 608-610 Clarst!^
WATCHMAN, •: Janitors, , porters, butlers Ore-
Uo a n. : Sls'guSV'"' PrOPO<;ltlon -- BU^ crl^
M h,«£2. lN £. P A r l^ T / or : cash
business ; In Oakland, to-day. • 313 Bush ! st.
GENERAL store bookkeeper. Ben Lomond; 2
general ; store \ clerks. 313 < Bush st. ; ;
A Ti EW go ,? d men and brv " q to seir4th of July
shields; big profit ; easy , sale. •> 127 Mission. |
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A MURRAY & READY
Wants to-day —
2056 men — .
"Free" "fare," "free" —
500 railroad teamsters -$2 and $1 75 day
300 railroad laborers $1 75 day
For four— 4 great railroads ,
31G woodchoppers, tools furnished. $1 50 and
$1 cord; 118 tiemakers— Bc, 9c, 10e and lie eai-h.
3 stablemen $2S and found
10 brick yard laborers $1 75 to $2 day
6 milkers $25 and found
12 laborers for a sawmill $26 and found
6 lumber pilers $1 50 day
25 fold "not silver" miners $2 50 day
115 laborers for a great American and
English syndicate: wages from
$2 50 day
26 farm hands $26 and $20 and found
10 haymakers $26 and found
12 orchard hands $20 and found
5 choreboys ■ $10 and $15 and found
EOO men for Arizona ■
Carpenter for a large ranch;
blacksmith for a large ranch
5 firemen for mines —
6 hay balers, 15c ton
6 two-horse teamsters. ci» $1 75 day and $28
and found: 19 laborers, city jobs $1 75 day
Also hundreds
of other places too numerous to advertise;
Come and see
MURRAY & READY,
G.U-606 Clay st.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents on
Pacific Coast.
A— CARPENTER for a vineyard, etc. MUR-
RAY & KEADV, K34 and 636 Clay st.
A— BAKERS BAKERS BAKER 3
3 bakers, different country shops. MURRAJf
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— s COOKS 6 extra waiters, $2 dayj
2 seoond cooks 9 steady waiters,
6 dishwashers MURRAY <ft READY,
— 634 and 63G Clay st
WANTED- Miners. $40 and board and ?: 39
day; Swedish farmer. $25; 2 farmers r
Napa County. $2f\- milker and choreman $23-
50 laboring men, $1 a day and board and
$1 75; 3 chore boys for ranches and d.ii
$10 and $15; farmer and wife for resort, J);
blacksmith for mine, ?2 60 >Kt\ boj I p
jewelery store. $3 we»k. Apply to J. I\
CUOSKTT & Co., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Waiter, country hotel, $25; '.
cook and baker, $11 week; second cook, <7
week: porter and barber for springs, and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & C 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Blacksmith for first-class
$40 and board, steady job; butcher
man) for country shop near city, $2
and found; 5 laborers for railroad yard ni ir
city, $1 per day and board, or $1 60 pi r
3 milkers near city. $20: milker near city.
fare paid, $20; man to do chores about gen-
tleman'! place in Sonoma Co.. $15 and found;
cooks waiters, dishwashers and others. W.
D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
BUTLER; $40. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter
street.
MAN as porter; $10 per month. MIS 3 CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK for institution, $50: 3 waiterß. same ho-
tel, steady job. $20; boy. hotel porter. $18.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
AGENTS wanted; big war atlas; 22 pae<-<»,
maps, history, facts and figures of the war;
' size 12x15 in.; retail 25c; sample, loc. J. W.
ILIFF & CO., 110 Wabash aye., Chicago, 111.
GARDENER wanted for a commercial plare;
must be a practical rose and carnation gr iw-
er- state wages and experience. Commercial,
box 943, Call office^
YOUNG active man who. thoroughly under-
stands drawing steam beer; Oerman pre-
ferred; wages ,vJO a month. Address A., v > x
40, Call Office.
TWO good, reliable men to investigate some-
thing new; to the right parties first-class In-
ducements offered. Box 14. Call office.
TAILORS— Wanted, a >rood parts and vest
maker for the country. Apply to STEIN,
SIMON & CO., Market and Second sts.
WANTED— Boy from 15 to 17 years; ret-
required. Call 11 a. m. to 1 p. m., 1022 Mar-
ket st.
A— GOOD barber for Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays. ll^oVj Howard st.
BARBER wanted. Journeymen's Free Employ-
ment Office, 707 Brannan; 'phone Mint 1902.
BARBER wanted: eteady job. 602 Clay st.
BARBER for Wednesday, Saturday and Sun-
day; call early. 701 Larkln st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wanted to take car? of
two children. P. PEDRAZZINI. Fruitvale.
ELDERLY man wanted to work. Apply Girls'
Directory. Central aye., near Haight st.
WANTED— Strong boy with some experience
to l^irn baker's trade. 613 Post st.
WANTED— A waiter. 830 Howard st.
WANTED— Presser on men's clothes. 233
Fourth st.
STRONG boy to feed printing press. Applr
after 7 p. m. 1505 Polk St.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 2i)
Kilts St., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — Young man to work around and.
do the cooking for two men; German pre-
ferred. Inquire corner Baker and Lombard
sts.. at the nursery.
MUSICIANS— Cornet player wanted at Foster*
Dancing School. 1358 Market Ft.
SAILORS and ordinary wanted at LANE'S.
804 Davis St.. near Jackson.
WANTED— BiII clerk, $5 per week. Box B C 05,
Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764V4 Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. SOc and $1 per week.
SHOEMAKERS to buy finding/ and leather}
wholesale prices; men's uppers to order $1 up.
921 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED brick yard men. Baden BricH
Company's yard, Baden. South San Francisco.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MSN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 .ii); men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 959 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade in eisht week 3. S
F. Barber College. 13S^ Eighth st.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office s"
FUCHS. He.-., US Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
TRY Acme House. 9"7 Market rt., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wace S due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st .
Market; 2CO rooms. 2." ■ a nlpht; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
BUY war novelties here; newes: goods, bot'ora
prices; enameled flag pins. 20c dozen; double
silk flag bow*. 24c dozen; Dewey flag and
cartridge pills, 32e dozen; 3S-callber pills, 41a
dozen; large flag, hinged front, with words:
"To H— ll With Spain, Remember the Maine,"
40c dozen; bullet pins, 12c dozen; miniature
photos of war heroes in m-ual frames. 3iX- a
dozen; I have r.OO different kinds of badges,
flags, medallions, pictures, etc., all at whole-
sale prices, large or small lots, assorted aa
desired, 100 to 500 per cent profit; sample line,
$1; I ship every order same day received: try
me or send name and address for big cata-
logue, free. Illustrating 200 best sellers; get
ready for July 4 and a tig boom. L. N.
CUSHMAN. 34 Oliver St., Boston, Mass.
WANTED— Good solicitors for coffee and tea:
ladles preferred. 901 Washington St., Oakland.
AOENTS wanted— A good proposition. Call
1103 Howard.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HOUSES WANTED.
12 OR~IS~ROOM house, centrally located: reno-
vated to suit: rent not over J7' l . K-x 65. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
A^T"mvfmTiTshed^ sleeping room; sunny; within
6 blocks of 3d and Market: state price per
month. R., box 67, Call Office.
2 FURNISHED housekeeping rooms; rent
about $S. C. E.. box IT', Call.
W ANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — North of Market; rooming-house
1 from 15 to 35 rooms; well furnished and good
, building; pay cash. C. H. TAYLOR & CO..
1023 Market St.
WANTED— To buy a well located meat market
north of Market st.: cash. C. H. TAYLOR
& CO., 1023 Marget st.
WANTED— A good second-hand English riding
saddle; must be in perfect condition and
price reasonable. Addreae H. 8., box 62, Call.
WANTED — Second-hand X-ray machine; must
be cheap. Box 9984. Call office.
WANTED— Tent about 12x14; state price.
PETERSON. 334 Fremont st.
SCALE, safe, coffee mill, desk, letter press;
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
GOOD double action harp very cheap. Bo*
774, Call offlca. ,ML'SIXESS CHANCES.
IiSO—PARTNER :u.t edPT'gooYToffee saloon
and lunch rooms in a good location: doing
a , good, profitable business. M. LESS. 765
Market Bt., opposite Pholan building.
5I i S ( °T S^ LOOX ' wlth "living rooms: old estab-
llaned; rent only $12; must be sold at once
fi-c^""- 0 . 1 : £ as other business on hand. M.
ing >b ° Market st., opposite Phelan build-
Ju-A neat office business: suitable for lady or
gentleman; no experience necessary: must be
So , d \?C A , ay - M - LKSS - 765 Market St., oppo-
t-.te Phelan building. v
** !'.! '. "v, SAI "" N principal street; central; old es-
tablished; rent $25; receipts $8 to $9 daily a
rare chance; don't miss it. M. LESS, 765
$300— COFFEE saloon and lunch house in vi-
™ !', 0 Claus Spreckels building; old es-
tablished place doing a good business: slck-
_n_sa_cause of sale* M. LESS. 765 Market st.
1200-SALOON with living rooms, near Market
st : rent only $20: established many years;
J'heTa^und'fng 1:1 :^ 5 - 765 Market St.. opposite
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar, 4 rooms
and bath, is offered at Invoice value; bar re-
ceipts alone average $350 to $400 monthly;
mostly gentlemen's trade; you get trial If in
bunding.^ LESS> 765 Mark " et st • op " ' hela "
$3500— CORNER grocery and bar, established 40
years; unexceptional location; vicinity Call
build ng; large stock; big bar trade, both
transient and regular; this offer is very best
in its line to-day; full investigation afforded
__and_sonclted. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
A— slooo— SALOON In the very best location,
estern Addition, doing a first-class paying
bus.ness; owner engaged in other business;
I c T ?" s i. sacrifice; not all cash needed. WILKE,
Mo Market st.
A— s46o— PARTNER wanted in old established
and first-class Baloon on Third St.. close to
Claus Spreckels building: a first-class open-
_ lng. See WILE 845 Market st.
A— s4oo; partner In first-class paying busi-
ness - on Kearny st. nr Market, clearing easi-
ly $250 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE. 845 Market.
$1800; CORNER grocery and bar; double
store; 4 living rooms; horse and wagon; rent
$50: first-class business; only cash trade; sick-
ness in family compels owner to leave the
ctly: a very rare business opening. WILKE.
545 Market st.
$1200; SALOON near Chronicle building;
average dally receipts $35; rent $75; an excel-
lent good place. WILKE, 845 Market st.
A— sCoo; SALOON on California st. low rent;
doing a good paying business; no better offer
for the price In the market. WILKE. £45
st.
A s6oo; corner saloon; milkmen's headquar-
ters; kept by owner 10 years and guaranteed
to clear above $125 per month; rent $50.
WILKE. 846 Market St.
$1250— BARROOM doing a first-class paying
business and elegantly fitted up; close to
Palace Hotel; rent *50; a rare .--.mines* open-
ing. i. 3 li WILKE, 743 Market St.. new cum-
ber t45.
A-Slfit/O; WOOD. ooal. hay, grain and boarding
KREIX) & CO.. SBV4 Geary st. . ,
A— s3oo: RESTAURANT, $30 daily; 20 steady
boarders; other good restaurants from $200
to $antxi. KREDO & CO., 22>-i Geary st. ■.
$10<'A- CORNER grocery and bar; a rare chancel
best location in city; receipts $20 daily; full
value in stock. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— s2oo; branch bakery, notions and school sup-
__pH*s: near school KREI ■■ & CO., 22Vi Geary.
$1100— FAMILY liquor store bar and side
c-ntritnce; value In stock. KREDO & CO.
$1000— GROCERY, Oakland; exchange for
ranch; also $2000, grocery and bar; exchange
for Oakland or Alameda home. KREDO &
CO., 22H Geary st.
$110— GREAT sacrifice; fruit, vegetable store;
best location; receipts $12 to $20 day; must
sell. BARRETT. 1125 Market, above Seventh.
$150— GROCERY and bar; best location: good
business: rent $11 mo. BARRETT, 1125 Market.
(' "iO— FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale In Oak-
land; owner has had the place 8 years; loca-
tion is the best In the city; on principal
street; no opposition; clearing $200 per month;
this is a rare chance, as th- proprietor Is go-
ing to Europe. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny st.
AN extraordinary chance, $1500 for coal busi-
ness; 2000 cash customers; buildings; .office;
6 wagons: 5 horses; steam engine; circular
saw; stock on hand, etc; yard 200x130: low
rent: owner going to Alaska. See S. H.
MATHER & SON, 460 Ninth st., Oakland.
$450— WOOD, coal, hay and feed store at the
Mission; horses, wagons, etc.; no opposition;
owns buildings; rent $S per month; best of
reasons for selling. HEALT, 917 Market st.
$175 — SALOON, cigar store and club rooms;
stock and elegant fixtures; owner engaged in
other business; must sell to-day. 53 McAl-
lister st.. near City Hall.
FOR SALIC— Five years" lease of a good fur-
|r.i?hed hotel in a prosperous mining camp, 14
miles from railroad; one day's ride from San
Francisco; twenty-five rooms, some having
two beds; 25 to 30 regular boarders, who pay
$22 50 per month; also good transient trade;
profit In bar trade $150 to $200 per month.
For particulars Inquire, at 601 California st.,
room 1.
FOR SALE— One-third or H interest In a first-
class hardware and plumbing business in
town of 6000 Inhabitants near San Francisco,
in the center of the best dairy, poultry, fruit
and farming districts in the State. For par-
ticulars inquire of -AN KURD BENNETT.
17-19 BeaSe st.
$175— STATIONERY and candy business; furni-
ture, etc.; rare chance; owner leaving city;
no reasonable offer refused; investigate.
Turk and Hyde ets. «
CONFECTIONERY, good-will, etc.," at sacri-
fice; owner retiring: 3S years' tan ling; choice
ti«ao>; central location. Inquire 401 Post St.,
corner Powell.
FOR SALE at a sacrifice — Corner butcher shop:
receipts $2<i per day; rent, including stable.
$15: trial given. Corner Leavenworth and
'way.
FOR SALE— SIIO: big bargain; candy and cigar
Ftora: 3 living-rooms; furniture: cheap rent;
sickness cause of sale, f.28 Third st.
FOR SALE — Saloon, stock and fixtures; good
reasons for selling; no reasonable offer re-
fused. 434 Pine St., cor. Kearny.
BRANCH bakery and chop house: good bar-
gain; selling reasons good. 300 Hayes st.
$500 — SALOON at a sacrifice. WTCHMAN,
a LUTGEN I CO., 318 Ciay it.
FOR sale in Frultvale— Branch bakery, a no-
tion store; nice line of confectionery, station-
ery, cigars and tobacco; also news depot,
laundry and employment office; next to camp;
good reanon for selling; living rooms; low
rent. Box 364, Call office.
|$,Oo — COAL and wood yard; Western Addition;
long established; choice lot customers; rent
free; horses, wagons, etc., worth $1000; city
agency. 830 Market st.
$250 — PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work: no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $20 a week
each can be made, 9 Geary Bt., room 2.
PARTNER wanted to bur interest In patent;
said patent is needed; will pay; offer bona
fide. Address VAN 8., box 873, Call office.
$450— RESTAURANT and chop house opposite
the ferries; bargain If sold immediately. Call
18 East at.
GROCERY and bar; must be Bold on account
' of sickness. 730 Minna st., near Eighth.
GROCERY and bar; old-established place. Ap-
ply at 2:2 First St.. corner Clementina.
FOR rale — Branch bakery and notion store.
1209 Devlsadero at.
WANTED— To buy a butchershop. F. P.. box
7C4, Call office. -■■ -"
FOR SALE— 2 old established groceries and
bars: price $1250. Box 201. Call office.
$150— 'PARTNER wanted in delicacy and pork
store; no experience necessary. 308 Sixth st.
LONG established corner saloon; must be sold;
cheap If at once. Box 1256, Call office. ___
»j5O-TjpivE corner saloon; 4 living rooms; rent
$20; great bargain. 331 Sixth Bt.
WANTED— Active partner: Oil of Eden Med.
Co.. cor. Eroadway.Telegraph & 16th, Oak.
FOR Sale or Exchange— Lodging house con-
taining GO furnished rooms; good location;
owner has other business. Inquire 132 First st.
GOOD restaurant for sale; nice business for
man and wife that are willing to work; cheap
for cash. Address G-. box 7. Call office.
$2.'*— SALOON; day business. 606 Clay st
FOR Rale— Corner liquor store; good location;
good chance. Apply 132 First st ■ '
FOR Sale— Call route at Ban Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
FOR Rent— lmproved place, 5 acres. For Sale—
1 horse, wagon, cow, 800 hens. Address box
82, Cotatl. Sonoma County. Cal. .
FIRST-CLASS barber shop doing fine business;
reason for selling, sickness. Address box 93,
Call office. ■ '■ ;",. -"■ -
WELL-STOCKED grocery and bar; old-estab-
lished business; run by owner 6 years; rent
cheap. Inquire Call Office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— until 9:80
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
„ tions Hnd want ads taken.
PHYSICIANS^
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1208 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
_ _ _ CHIROPODISTS. - _ _ _ I
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; electric
treatment for corns and bunions. 204 Sutter, r. 4. J
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A.— KREDO & CO. 2TvT^ary~str~
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
7 rooms; Geary st. ; elegant; new..' $225
8 rooms; Jones st. : clears $20 255
9 rooms; nicest little house on Taylor St.. 350
Many larsre houses from 50 to 500 rooms,
too numerous to mention. KREDO & CO.
21-ROOM house... ?«50|65-rm. house; cor...
19 rms.; boarding ir>.». ??-ronm house , £50
15 rms.; corner... 300 Vt rms.; fine cor... 300
22 rms.; must sell 1000 1 rms.; on 4th St.. 250
Other houses, 4 to 300 rooms; prices $100 to
$6000.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
FOR SALE— S3OO; a nicely furnished lodging
house of 22 rooms: all occupied; rent $35.
ROB BOHMAXSSON. 501 Folsm St., cor. Ist.
19 ROOMS furnished: rent $33; good living;
cheap for cash; owner goes away. 48 7th St.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Nicely furnished
32-room corner house; full; cheap.
$2700 CASH will buy house of 24 rooms; cheap
rent; north of and near Market st. ; good
paying and well established. Box 113, Call.
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 2 rooms for sale cheap. 242
Minna st. ; basement.
FOLDING BED, bedroom and kitchen furni-
ture, bedding, range, etc. 424 Tehama st.,
near Fifth. ■
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
i - - ' •• -
, AS we are selling good upright pianos for $S
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to lnvesti-
. gate and approve. this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy |
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4" and !
$5 -per month SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutter i
Ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland..
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of. Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all I
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- j
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
: AS vacation- Is here, freight being low, 5 car-
loads pianos coming, we must make room; no
reasonable offer refused. BENJ. CURTAZ &
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell St., Chickerlng agents.
FINE two manual pedal organ; fifteen stops;
water power; suitable, for church. Statham's
' Piano Store. 106 McAllister St.. S. F.
CLARK WISE (c CO., 41 Geary st., cor. Grant
aye., offer three ways to buy a piano; no
trouble to explain particulars. Conover agts. !
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 808, 310, 312 Post st. .
AN elegant upright, little use.], will be sold for
cash at once; best offer takes It. J. DEWING
CO., second floor. Flood building.
FINE upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. . •
A NEW England upright in first-class condi-
tion. $175 cash. Address T., box 4, Call office.
AN upright piano, nearly new; brilliant, pow-
erful tone': cheap. 216 McAllister St. '
j $75— ELEGANT Hazelton piano: cost $500; on $5
Installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. XV. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents, $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hibernla Bank. BCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
i
CONCERT size " guitar worth 118 for $7 50;
Stewart piccolo banjo ' worth $20 for $6.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant are.
FOR SALE— Gray plating outfit complete,
cheap; full Instructions. 1300% Powell st.
i $150— WEBER piano; fine condition; $10 down; !
$5 per month. 225 Sutter st. ]
17 SHARES of Sutro car stock; will sell for
half original cost or will trade for anything
useful. Inquire 3150 24th St.. cor. Shotwell. |
EXCHANGE — mare for type- '.
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719 i
Market st.
$16 — Leaving city: light-running, high-arm,
; automatic sewing machine; perfect condition.
2011 Powell st.
FOR Sale— Cheap; 100.000 brick. 40,000 feet of
lumber. Apply at building cor. Powell and
Bush sts.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, . office furniture. -store - and
office furniture, and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st.. above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HL'F-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $'. per doz.; j
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 933-946 Mrkt.
2 BARBER chairs for sale; only $15. 41 Third
st., pawn office. . ; •
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S, 814-516-51S Mission Et.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. 80. 787.
.BOILERS, engines, 2.i-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
SAFES — New and second-hand: cheaper, than
ever. Hermann Safe'Mafc, 533 Sacramento, i
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all j
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
BARS, show cases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
EDUCATIOXAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and j
latest war recitations for parlor, platform or |
stage , use, taught by Mrs. Klncaid at her
school of elocution and expression. Alcazar
building. 120 O'Farrell Bt.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual Instruction In shorthand, typing.
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
1 nr. Channlng way, Berkeley: write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.; j
est.' 1864: VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market. j
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month: references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States or -Canada one year for $1 £0, postage
free.
~~~ LOST.
LOST— In San Rafael, June 22. sealskin cape.
Finder will be liberally rewarded by return-
Ing same to MRS. J. W. COCHRANE, San
Rafael. '5 i: ;
LOST Will the party who picked up black j
feather boa Sunday night on Powell st. please !
return same to owner, as they are known,
and save further trouble? 612 A Powell st.
LOST— Friday night, star pearl pin, between
Columbia theater and 1513 Clay St. Return to
202 California st. and receive reward.
SMALL silver, open-faced ladies' watch; name
in back. Finder please return to Call office,
Oakland.
LOST— White and black cocker spaniel, from
2903 Harrison st.; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in
the name of . ELLEN HAVES. No. 193.434.
The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND.
FOUND— A Columbia bicycle. 29 Third st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY steam ' Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. 8. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 304. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
J MCQUEEN'S Cai. Carpet-Cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel 3. 225; lowest rates. . v;
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam - Carpet-Cleaning
Works, ) 4 Bth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J E. -MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st. ; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
~ f STORAGE. '. .:'•. . ■ 
PIERRE- RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
office, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Btor-
ace warehouse, $40 Mission St.; tel. Mint 182 L ,
THE SAN FRAX CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1898. r
HOUSES to let.
ALL^OVER~TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN 4
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
ATTENTION, Dressmakers— Sutter St., 6 or
8 rooms; extra workroom 23x35 feet; choice,
sunny, reasonable; appreciated If seen.
Al S-ROOM house; large stable; large yard;
Golden Gate ay., nr. Laguna. L. M., 5647, Call.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts. : prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market st.
ELLIS. House of 11 rooms; near Van Ness
avenue.
RARE opportunity; house; rent very low; fur-
nished or unfurnished: furniture for sale at
a bargain. Key at grocery store, cor. Bush
and Webster sts.
SEE it; sunny house, 9 rooms, bath; laundry;
garden; rent low. 2012 Pine st.
6 ROOMS: bath and laundry; marine view;
rent $22 50. 1908 Broadway. ■ .
FL'RXISHED HOUSES TO LET. .
A MOST desirable home of 14 rooms; baths;
very finely furnished; good rurroundlngs;
worth $150; the right party can have It 3
months at : •' $75
A good house of 9 rooms and bath; well
furnished; centrally located in good neigh-
borhood $55
A pretty flat of 4 rooms and bath; furnish-
ings new; reasonably near center $23
A good unfurnished house of 12 rooms and
bath; central; good lease to good party — $50
A very nice unfurnished house of 9 rooms
and bath; good location $35
A very neat flat of 7 rooms and bath; near
the City Hall; unfurnished $28
A good unfurnished house of 8 rooms and
•bath; 2 servants' rooms: a bargain $40
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403-404 Examiner bldg.
FURNISHED- cottage, 5 rooms and bath, In
San Rafael, near depot. Apply 802 Turk, city.
TAYLOR. 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m. , . .-. : - '■■' "• ~; .-■
j 4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$8 AND $10 cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, near camp,
with stable, etc. 171 Collins St., Point Lo-
bos aye.
4 ROOMS. 116 Congo St., sunny side, $3. or will
sell; $50 cash, balance $10 per month. .THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
$7; SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms; Roscoe St., off
Crescent aye. Apply 64 Silver st., off Third.
| COTTAGE, 6 rooms and bath; near car
line; fine garden. 11&7 Noe St.. bet 24th & 25th.
COTTAGE. 6 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
. 2963 Twenty-first St.: key at corner grocery.
FLATS TO LET.
A — WE want 100 tenants at once to rent cot-
tages, flats and houses; willing to make in-
ducements; 3- room flats, $6 to $9; 4 rooms, $10;
5 rooms, $12 up. At A. M. SPECK & CO.'S,
602 Market st.
ALL OVER TOWN — — ■
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A— HOWARD, 1720, NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth— 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated if seen.
AN elegant sunny upper modern flat of 5
rooms, bath and basement; rent reasonable.
1357 Vallejo st., near Larkin. •
AN elegant flat, 7 rooms, bath; rent $21. 331
Tehama st. _^______ '
AN elegant flat, 7 rooms and bath, $35. 625
Post st.
APPLY 1722 Howard, near 13th— New, choice,
sunny, 4 big rooms, bath, $16; water free.
ELGIN PARK. 25— A lovely flat: five large
rooms: hot and cold water; store room.
FELL, 611— Flat of four rooms; bath, gas; hot,
cold water, yard and basement; $15.
FRANKLIN. Corner upper flat; 6 rooms
I and bath; next house to Golden Gate aye.
FULTON. llS— Fine middle sunny flat, 7 rooms,
bath; near City Hall.
GEARY, 1917 — 4 nice rooms: bath; toilet; cellar;
yard; furnished; hall; gas; $1S; water free.
HANDSOME 7 and 8 rooms; middle and lower
flat; modern improvements. 1127-1129 r.u-!. St.
i HELEN, 3, near California and Leavenworth—
Fine flat, 5 rooms, bath: only $1'; see it to-
day. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
! gomery st. J
HOWARD, 1155— Cozy flat of 4 rooms; station-
ary wash tubs and bath; $18. .
HYDE, 170S, near Valir;o— Elegant sunny mod-
ern flat; 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
LEXINGTON Aye., 44, bet. 17th and 18th,
Mission and Valencia — 6 sunny rooms; all
I Improvements: $12.
MCALLISTER. 1129— 7-room flat; very desira-
ble; reasonable to right party.
MISSION, 1513 A. nr. Eleventh— Flat to let! 4
and 6 sunny rooms; bath and laundry; rents
$13 and up. ; ; .
NATOMA, 219— For sale: flat of five rooms and
bath; cheap; three rooms reiHed.
POND. 61, half block from Market, Noe and
Sanchez — New elegant sunny flat, 5 rooms;
modern Improvements; $14.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, cor. Howard— Two large
sunny rooms; furnished for housekeeping;
stove; $10.
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms and yard; rent $11.
4 A BbotweU St., between Fourteenth and Fif-
teenth. -_
SUNNY flat, 6 rooms; modern Improvements;
rent cheap. 531 Thirteenth St.. .corner Market.
SUNNY top flat. 4 rooms. 125 Ivy aye., near
Mechanics' Pavilion.
TO LET— A flat; 4 rooms and bath; No. 904
Minna st. Appply 116 Tenth st.
VALENCIA, 469 and 461. cor. Sixteenth— 6 rooms
and bath; rent $16 and $22; choice; investigate.
$15 PER month; flat 5 rooms. 724 Harrison St.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
4 SUNNY rooms and bath: rent $11; large yard.
1016. Minna st., near Eleventh.
6 ROOMS and bath; all modern improvements.
72.'4 Turk st.
BRANCH office of The Call, 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEAUTIFUL large parlors; two folding beds;
kitchen; private; no children: near Van
Ness; one month or more. Address O. S.,
box 763. Call office.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Bay-windows;
kitchens; others; single, en suite; $6 to $9.
FIFTH, 353— Clean, sunny, furn. housekeeping;
2 parlors; kitchen and bath; $20; single, $5.
GOLDEN GATE aye., — Large -housekeeping
room, complete; gas* range; fold' g bed; bath; $12.
HICKORY aye, 181, nr. Gough— Three large
housekeeping rooms; every convenience; $12.
HOWARD, bet. 4th and sth— The Hanover
House; two sunny housekeeping rooms; $10
per month. ;?■'*: .".; ; - •'■ '■-■
HOWARD, 525—1 or 2 rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; reasonable.
JESSIE, 373; near Emporium— 2 housekeeping
rooms, $9; 1 single, $5. -
MARKET, 1032. opp. Fifth— One, two or three
rooms, connected; terms very reasonable.
MCALLISTER, Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas and bath. ■
MCALLISTER, 633— A front and adjoining
room for light housekeeping; private family.
MCALLISTER. 1046— Modern sunny furnished
floor, 4 rooms; exclusive bath; private; $20.
MISSION. 1524—2 large sunny rooms for house-
keeping; also single rooms.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Furnished house-
keeping suites, $1 50 per week; single. 75c.
NINTH 20 — Sunny connecting rooms, stove,
water, gas: $11; also single rooms.
NINETEENTH, 4059, near Castro— Single lady
wants a small family to take part of un-
furnished flat.
OAK. 1191—3 or 5 furnished rooms; entrance
park; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single.
POLK, 1643, cor. Clay— 2 or 3 learge newly-
furnished sunny front rooms; housekeeping.
POLK, 607— Sunny double parlors, light house-
keeping, $18; large front room with kitchen,
$12. ••■■-•■
POST, 505—2 furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; gas, bath, yard; others. ;
SACRAMENTO, Three rooms; separate
entrance; rent $7;. large yard. ■
SILVER, 165. near 4th St.— Parlor and kitchen;
furnished for housekeeping. ■;
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
a for housekeeping; $10 50 per month. .:
STEVENSON, 642, bet. Seventh and Eighth—
Furnished front room for or 2; light house-
keeping If desired; bath; central. ', •' :;.-■.■
STOCKTON, 1307— rent— Nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping. .' . ■
THIRD,- 309—2 front rooms furnished for house-
keeping, $2 week; other rooms; reasonable.
THIRTEENTH, 189, ?; corner of Howard— Fine
■ furnished suite of rooms complete for house-
. i keeping : reasonable. - ' -t , ..
TURK, 126—2 unfurnished sunny rooms: closet
and water; for housekeeping; no children. .-
TURK. 543— Nicely furnished I rooms for house-
keeplng; $14 up: gaa ; stove: gaa ; and bath. .
TWELFTH, - 12— Two rooms for ', housekeeping;
furnished or unfurnished. , . '. -
WASHINGTON, 1025%-r* * unfurnished front
,-;■■■: rooms tot housekeeping. ■;y/;;v; y /; ;v ' ,
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 715-717-719, S29Ms and Mason
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT The Randolph. 501 Post— Single rooms, bay-
window parlors and suites, $1 50 to $4 week.
K"HKMI.\. z::< Post. 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 207— Nice sunny single and double
rooms; bath and gas; $5 per month and up.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to is week.
FOLSOM. 820. near Fourth— sl a week and up;
sunny furnished rooms.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 656— Handsome sunny parlor' suite;
other suites; double, single rooms; light
housekeeping.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 2C2— Nicely furnished
room, suitable for 2 gents.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., 727— Handsomely fur-
nished front room; running water; fire grate;
private family; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en BUite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 7844, nr. 4th— Finely furn. sunny
rms; bath; conveniences; quiet home; $1 wk.
HOWARD, 650— Nice furnished single room;
fur one.
HOWARD, 935H (New Philadelphia)— All new;
sunny rooniB; gas; baths free; lowest rates.
HOWARD, Si9— One large room In quiet family
for two.
HOWARD. 1806, corner Fourteenth— 3 sunny
front rooms; rent $S.
IVY, 316— Cozy furnished rooms, 1 or 2 gents,
steady, $6 per month.
JONES. 207— Nicely furnished suitPS and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central.
LARKI.N". snv [.urge sunny room: furnished or
unfurnished; single sunny, furnished, $4 50.
LARKIN. 1200, opp. Lurline Baths; sunny
rooms $4 up; also housekeeping rooms.
LASKIE, 9M>; off Mission St., bet. Eighth and
Ninth— clean furnished room, $3 50 per month.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, door above Van Ness —
Suites, single rooms; newly furnished.
MCALLISTER, Sll— Nice front suite; also front
single room; bath; gas; private family.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week.
OAK, 119—1 neatly furnished front room;
sunny; $5.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms, e,le-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, 317-T-2 handsomely furnished single
rooms; top floor; reasonable.
PROSPECT PLACE. 123: off California St.,
bet. Stockton and Powell — Large room, $5;
private; German.
SECOND. 52— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 50; day, 25 to soc.
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
ti'-ar Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE I! use! 16-18 Mason St.— Fur-
nished rooms; single. $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transients solic-
it.]; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE. Proprietor.
STEVENSON. 620— Cheap sunny furnished front
rooms; slnnle or double.
BUTTER, 1111— Nice front suites. $12 month:
single rooms, $5; very desirable neighborhood.
TAYLOR. 109 — Large sunny double rooms;
closets and running water; $2 25 per week.
THE New Grand House. 246 Third St.— lso fur-
nished rooms from $1 to $4 per week or from
$3 to $15 month; reading-rooms. A. T.
VAYSSI. Proprietor.
TURK, 126 — Nice small pleasant room suitable
for gentleman, $5 per month.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms. $6
up; bath.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN English family would like two or three
gentlemen to room and board; rooms sunny;
good table; best home cooking. 802 Jones St.,
near Sutter.
BUSH, S22— First-class room and board; sunny;
gas; bath; running water; telephone; down
town.
BUSH, S22— Handsomely furnished room with
first-class board; running water; bath; gas;
everything very latest; seen to be appre-
ciated.
ELLIS, 518—2 sunny alcovf room?, with board.
FOLSOM. fill— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE, 299, Salisbury— Changed hands; thor-
oughly renovated; pleasant sunny rooms with
first-class board; beautiful grounds; quiet,
homelike; reasonable.
pink, 910— Sunny, homelike, nicely furnished
rooms, with first-class family board; hot and
cold water: bath and gas; select location.
BOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER. 1128— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
firpt-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
THE ORIEL — Now elegantly furnished, sunny
Market-st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS, SilS— Sunny newly furnished rooms;
electric lights: bath: with board: moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board; best of care; terms $10. 1034
McAllister st.
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 email children
or infant. 3279 Seventeenth St., near Mission.
JESSIE. £39 — Good home for Infant or 1 or 1
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
STORKS TO LET.
FIFTH, 353— Store, fixtures and rooms; rent $15.
HOWARD, 1802, corner Fourteenth— Store, 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
PART of hair dressing store; millinery pre-
ferred; reasonable. 1704 Market st., opp. 10th.
STORE for rent; for tailor, dressmaker, mil-
liner or a cigar and tobacco stand. Address
boat 27. r ., Haywards, Cal.
OFFICES TO LET.
ATTENTION doctors, dentists, dressmakers,
715 Sutter st., very choice work room or lab-
ratory; 23x37 feet.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent- '
i?t, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up: fillings, Jsc up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market it., cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. Sixth and Mission sts.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. CANE and F. TEAGUB,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEJ, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Folk st.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine Bupplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 206 Fourth «t.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgmry.
YOST, good order, $26; send for sample work.
| SCOTT & BANNAN, 833 Montgomery it.
PERSOXALS.
GREVEN'S latest war song, "Remember, Boys,
the Maine." is a big hit all over the coun-
try: for sale at the music stores, at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall and office rooms, 121 and 122 Mur-
phy building, 1236 Market St.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I TAKE pride in doing only the most artis-
tic hair dressing; price 25c only; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA hair tonic builds and strengthens
the hair. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary at.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French" Tailoring
"ollege. !<IK Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to sp. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opposite Sixth.
PROFESSOR OMAR
THE OCCULT WONDER
Gives Invaluable advice on anything you may
be in trouble or in doubt of. Full names,
dates, facts, etc., In all cases. Satisfaction
guaranteed. Fee. $1 and $2. 325 Eddy st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
eiKht; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
60c, gentssl; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated ; changes luck: locates buried
treasures; letters answered; inclose stamp.
MMX. HANSON, palmist, cart reader: past,
present nnd future; 25c. 14S Sixth St., room 10.
MRS. BUTLER, clairvoyant and spiritual me-
dium; Hindoo control; 10 to 6. 579 Geary.
MME. MORKAU, best medium and card
reader; ZSo up; by mail $1. 73 Fourth St.
MMX. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny St.. room 2.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25r; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pro-
fession; never falls: advice: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITI ALISH.
11l LARKIN ST.: People's Soci.ty; 8 p. m.;
lecture. Simpson: tests. Mrs. Bird Finnican;
free; election officers July 6.
MRS. FULTON TULEY. materializing seance
_to-nlght and Friday evening, 50c. 1513 Geary.
M. FRANCES, independent slate writing me-
dium. lIS Haifcht st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings, $1; dr. Tues., Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Sat. 8; 25c.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium-
sittings daily. 212V4 Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PALJVUSTKY.
MRS. CHANDLER— Free lecture SundayTT'pT
m.. 305 Larkin; readings at res.. 353 Geary st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. nnd Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; sale and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 69 McAllister
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2; cure. $5.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a lew hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once; home in confine-
ment; every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $3; pills $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 20S Turk st.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $1 50 per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process for female trouble; . no matter
from what cause: no medicine or instru
ments used; restores In one day without fall,
every woman her own physician; away dis-
grace; consultation free; can be sent and used
at home; pills and capsules. $1; cure, $.'.; by
the well known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny it.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no instruments used; cnaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home In confinement; consult free: hours 10 to
6, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
DR.'and MRS. WEGENEU. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
I>K WINTERS S Or. Schwartz, 852 Cartro cor.
7th, Oakland; reliable practitioners; home in
confinement; guar'td cure fur all female dis-
eases from whatever cause: diagnosis tree.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price,
$1 E0; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2o stamp for particulars to Seguro Man«-
faeturing Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
PROF. THOMPSON'S new cancer cure; quick
and sure. MIS I*,1 *, Market st.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister st. ; diseases ot
women and children.
MRS. AKi'UARD, midwife: home in confine-
ment: confinement alone, $5. 15G Second st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg.. 917 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for the erection of an Engine
House on the southeast corner of Holly Park
and West avenues.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, June 28, IS9B.
In accordance with resolution No. 1313
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of thp Board of Supervisors, on
TUESDAY AFTERNOON, July 5, 1898,
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for the erection of a
two (2) story frame building, with brick base-
ment. #n the southeast corner of Holly Park
and West avenues, for the use of the Fire
Department, in accordance with the plans and
specifications arid thp conditions set forth in
the said specifications, prepared by Charles
11 Wilson, architect, to be seen at his office,
No 315 Phelan building, all the work to be
performed to the satisfaction of the Chief En-
gineer and the Board of Fire Commissioners.
The building to be completed within eighty
(80) working days from the date of signing
the contract.
Any delay in the completion of the building
will be charged to the contractor at the rate
of twenty ($2O 00) dollars per day, and the
total amount will be deducted from the con-
tract sum.
Payments will be made on the first day of
ea.ch" month at the rate of seventy-five (75)
per cent of the value of the work dune, and
the balance thirty-five (35) days after the
completion and acceptance of the building.
The work of construction to be done in
strict accordance with the plans and specifi-
cations, under the supervision and direction
of Charles R. Wilson, architect, and the Dis-
trict Engineers of the Fire Department.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon th<> work, and the
minimum rate of wages to be paid on said
work to be two (f2) dollars per day.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay
the cost of .advertising this notice in three
daily newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the board has resolved to
receive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five hundred (fGM)
dollars deposited by the bidder with and
made payable to the Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors, conditioned if the proposal be
accepted and the contract awarded; and If
the bidder shall fall or neglect to pay the
printing charges, execute the contract and
give the required bond within six days after
the award is made, then and in that case
the said sum shall he paid Into the Cltv and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public irnod so require.
JNO. A, RUSSEI/L, Clark. ,
CITY REAL ESTATE. .
$23,500— BUSINESS " property; rents $150 per
month; might exchange in part. M. F., box
172, Call Office.
$1350 WILL build neat cottage, with lot; near
Park and museum; easy payments. SALS-
BURY, Builder. 521 X St., Sunset District.
IF you want good city property send for our
list; if you want to sell, list your property
with us. THE REYNOLDS COMPANY, 403-
404 Examiner building.
NEW, elegant houses; your own terms, grand
marine view; on Leaven worth, nr. Lombard.
FOR SALE— St., nr. Bryant; new 7-room
cottage. Apply on premises or to J. FLA-
HERTY, builder. 1207 Market st.
VALUABLE piece improved city property;
great prospective value; trade for lots.
HOOKKK & LENT, 14 Post st.
COUXTIt Y KEAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE; a bargain: 710 acres fine graz-
ing and pasture land and excellent improve-
ments; price $5000.
20 acres fine land and good Improvements;
Contra Costa County; $1500.
If you have good property to sell, list It with
us; If you want to buy send for our list. THE
REYNOLDS COMPANY. 403-4 Examiner bldg.
FOR Sale— lo acres, well Improved, with new
buildings, large orchard; 1 mile from station;
3 miles to Stanford University. For par-
ticulars apply 'P. O. box 133, Redwood City.
No "agent.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ONLY Cottage of 4 rooms; lot 25x115; 2
blocks from Market-st. Station. W. P. RYAN,
960 Seventh St., Oakland. -j-'.j
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer,, notary
public; property looked after. 814 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
IN OAKLAND— For rent, furnished cottage
flat 6 rooms; large grounds; rent from $20 to
$25, according to family. Address Tenant,
box L Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE; 9 rooms; bath; barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; rent cheap; cen-
tral; 689 24th Bt., nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
BOARD and rooms in newly furnished house;
central. 613 17th st., nr. Grove.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny tingle room; va-
cant June 1. THE I.ORNR, hr? Eighth »t.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE pi household goods this week.
PCHET.T/HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh- St.
OAKLAND MERCHANT TAILORS.
SUITS made to order on installments; $1 week.
Boston Woolen Mills, 920 Broadway, Oakland. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AIAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$600— LOT 30x125; elegant location; street work
done. $1500 New 5-room cottage on Grand st. ;
2 blocks from Grand st. station. $3000— Elegant
new colonial cottage, 7 rooms and bath;
Chestnut st. station; easy terms. $6000— Fine
7-room cottage; modern in every way; lot 50
xl 50: stable, etc.; Morton st. station; will
exchange for San Francisco property. Bar-
gains in all parts of Alameda. Alameda Land
Co., 1500 Park St., Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
FOR SALE immediately— Cheap house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms, bath: all new Improvements.
1825 Pacific avenue, Alameda.
WILL build modern 5-room house on a nice
lot, good location; only $1600; terms. Apply
to owner, J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park, Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
5-ROOM cottage; modern; nice neighborhood;
$15. 1516 Minturn St., Grand Station, Alameda.
FINE 6-room cottage, $16; 5-room cottage, with
water, $15. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
S-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
C0x137; constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
FREES E & CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses: full line farming Imple- i
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; good road; near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $300 cash, balanc* ■
*asy terms. Address J. JENSEN. 153 Third. I
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st.; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak- j
land or Alameda. at lowest- rates, without
■ removal: no commissions: no delays; J. I
NOON AX, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above :
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at fi'a per cent on real estate; 2d !
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without ! removal. R. Me- [
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal ; lowest rates; i
no commission; private. 116 McAllister st.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property; $10,- j
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg. j
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro- i
bate. etc. Room 7, 508 California st. ,
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. : |
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st. I
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort- |
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st. j
HORSE S~
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies. I
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar- I
ket, 327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction' every Tuesday. 721 Howard at. |
■WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
MUST pell Immediately to pay charges, fine
landau; Al condition. LARKINS, 634 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
LEGAL NOTICES^
THE Pacific Heberew Orphan Asylum and
Home Soci'jtv hereby give notice that they
have admitted into the orphanage from Janu-
ary 1. 1898. to June 30. IS9B. the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and !
girls, viz. : Ada Hoffman, aged 10 years 7;
months; Hyman Hoffman, aged 5 years 7
months; Solomon Meyers, aged 4 years 2
months; Phyllis Scharff, aged 8 years 10
months; Claudio Scharff, aged 7 years 3 !
months; Rebecca Kuhn. aged 10 years 11 '
< months; Stella Kuhn, aged 9 years 10 months;
Samuel Kuhn, aged 6 years: Meyer
Kuhn, aged 3 years 9 months; May Lewis, !
aged 9 years 4 months: Hat tie Baer, aged 14 :
years 3 months; Bertha Baer, aged 10 years; i
Moses Baer, aged 10 years: Max Baer, aged 8 |
. years 9 months: Edward Levy, aged 4 veirs
3 months: Joseph Cahn, aged 11 years 6
months, and Leo Cahn, aged 5 years.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Peter J. Mlbach and Annie M. Maguire 23-20
Thomas C. Butler and Annie McCarty 33-22
William Turner and Sarah Hord ....48-39
T. R. Williams and Margaret E. Gallagher.27-25 j
William P. Connors and Mary A. Dawson. 29-23 I
Andrew Wallace and May Smith 26-24 I
Henry Blum and Ettel Szabalesiy 34-20
William Price and Mary Eldridge...: 25-23
John Tallman and Nellie Humberston...... 34-34
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. #
COLEMAN— In this city, June 27, 1898. to the
wife of Adolph Coleman, a son. - '
FAULKNER— Bethany, June 28, . 1898, to
■ the wife of James E. Faulkner, a son.
JOHNSTON— this city, June 4, 1898, to the
wife of P. J. Johnston, a daughter.
~~~~ ~ MArtRIED. ~~
GREEN— FRICKER— In this city, June 27. 1898.
by the Rev. F. Bonn. Emil Green and Eliza-
beth Fricker, , both of San Francisco. ;
HOG AN— BAKER— In this city. June 23. 1898,
■ at the home -of the : bride's • mother, ; by the
Rev. Frank S. Ford, Thomas V. Hogan'and
,". Sadie M. : Baker, both of San Francisco. t
JNGHAM-^POLLABD— In : this ' city, - Jun» Z!±
■ '■ -
' 1898, at the Grand Hotel, by the' Rev. Frank
S. Ford. George F. Ingham.and Ida B. Pol-
lard, both of Pacific Grove, Cal. - •
HENRY— In this city, June 23. 1893,
by the Rev. J. Leonard Levy of Philadelphia,
Floyd Owens and Emma Henry.
SUTHERLAND— HAVES— In this city. June
. IS, IS9B, by the Rev. Father Stokes, of Mis-
sion Dolores Church, Michael S. Sutherland
and Dora Hayes.
DIED.
Brown, Mrs. Mary Hayes, Mary A.
Burnett, Mrs. C. L. Kennedy, James A.
Cantln, Annie H. Klmball. Levi W.
Clampi, Luigi McMurray, Robert
Conyers, Alfred G. Mesenburg, Clarence
Corcoran. Michael Qulnn, Ellen
Daly, Mary E. Read, George
Dyer, Asbury F. Rehder. Peter
Erickson, Fred ■, Sanders, Charles
Falck, Adolf S. Schmitz, Leonard
Frank, Sophie Squires Victoria
Grr.dy, Thomas Townley, John S.
Hawks, John H. Williams, Amos F.
BROWN— In this city, June 28, 1898, at Our
Ladles' Home, Mrs. Mary Brown, a native
of Ireland, aged 86 years.
BURNETT— In Oakland. June 28, 1898, Mrs.
Catherine L.. beloved wife of C. J. Burnett,
a native of Mississippi, aged 44 years 4
months and 18 days.
CANTIN— this city, June 28, IS9B. Annie H..
widow of the late J. P. Cantin, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 55 years 2 months and 23
days. -.. ■ , ■.;-:.:
CI AM Pl— ln the City and County Hospital.
June 28, 189 S. Lulgl Ciampl, a native of Italy,
aged 26 years.
CONYERS— In this city, June 28. 1898. Alfred
G., beloved son of James and Emma Con-
yers, a native of Saa Francisco, aged 4 years
11 months and 14 days.
CORCORAN— this city, June 26. 1898, Mich-
ael Corcoran, beloved brother of the late Mrs.
Ellen McKenny, brother-in-law of the late
William McKenny, and uncle of William F.
. McKenny, i native of Roscommon. Ireland,
aged 71 years. (Providence, R. 1., papers
please copy.) • .
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his nephew, 2672 Folsom street,
thence to St.' Peter's Church, Alabama street,
between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose 'of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by carriage.
DALY— In this city. June 27. 1898. Mary E.
Daly, beloved daughter of Mrs. M. J. Mc-
Donald and the late Martin Daly, and sister
of John, James and William Daly and Mrs.
William L. Dolan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years and 6 months.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 904 Illinois street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, Tennessee and Butte streets,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ~r ■.'.
DYER — In this city, June 27, 1898, Asbury
Francis, beloved husband of Mary J. Dyer,
and father of Mrs. George L. Withers, a na-
tive of Castine, Me., aged 80 years. >
ZT The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence by electric funeral-car leaving Eigh-
teenth and Guerrero streets at 10:30 o'clock
to Cypress • Lawn Cemetery, where funeral
services will be held la the chapel. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
ERICKSON— this city, June 27, 1898. Fred,
beloved husband of Amy Erickson, a native
of Sweden, aged 29 years.
(C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 49 Joost avenue. Sunnyside. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
car.
SWEDISH SOCIETY— of the Swedish
Society are hereby notified to assemble this
day (Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, at 49 Joost
avenue, Sunnyside. for the purpose of attend-
ing the funeral of our late brother, Fred
Erickson. By order of the president.
FALCK— In Lob Angeles, June 28. 189?, Adolf
S. Fa'.ck, a native of Hamburg, Germany,
aged 44 years.
FRANK— In this city, June 28. 1898, Sophie,
beloved wife of Andrew Frank, aged 52
years 2 months and 11 days. (Hay wards pa-
per please copy.)
K7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, southwest corner Of Park street and
Encinal avenue, Alameda. Friends and ac-
qualntaces are respectfully requested to at-
tend the funeral. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
GRADY— In this city, June 26, 1898, Thomas,
beloved father of Lizzie, Maggie and Mamie
Grady, and brother of Patrick Grady, Mrs.
J. Hlnes and S. Sllva, a native of County
Galway. Ireland, aged 43 years.
trXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 531 Dolores street, thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAWKS —In this city, June 27, 1898, John
Henry Hawks, a native of Ireland, aged 74
years.
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
30, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
HAVES— In this city. June 28, 1898, Mary A.,
beloved mother of Emily and Thomas Hayes,
Mrs. Kate Parrott and Mrs. M. Welgmann,
a native of Ayrshire. Scotland.
IC?"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
KENNEDY— In Bodle. Cal., June 27, 1898.
James A., beloved son of E. F. and the late
Jane Kennedy, and brother of Mrs. John W.
Kelly, a native of Brooklyn, N. Y. (Brook-
lyn, N. V., papers please copy.)
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of his sister, Mrs. J. W.
Kelly, 115 Grove street. ..;
KIMBALL— Oakland, June 28, 1898, Levl
W oodbury, beloved husband of Grace M. ;
Klmball, and father of Gertrude M. Kim-
ball, a native of New Hampshire, aged 71
years and 9 months.
McMURRAY— In Granlteville, Nevada County,
Cal , June 27, 1898, Robert McMurrajv a na-
tive of Delaware County. N. V., aged 66
years 10 months and 22 days.
(T?*Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence. 2105 .
Pacific avenue. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
MESENBURG— In this city. June 28, 1898, Clar-
ence L., Infant son of Herman and Augusta
Mesenburg. a native of San Francisco, aged
4 months and 16 days.
QUINN —In this city, June 28, IS9B, Ellen,
relict of the late James Qulnn. and beloved
mother of Thomas F., Joseph M.. James L.,
Margaret, Katie, Frances and Lucy Quinn
and Mrs. Dlxon of New York, a native of .
Glanworth, County Cork, Ireland. (Salem,
Mass.. papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 333 McAllister street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
READ— this city, June 26, 1898, George, be-
loved and eldest son of George and Alice
Read, and brother of Rosa. John and Alfred
Read, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
years and 20 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1531 Howard street, between
Eleventh and Twelfth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
REHDER— this city, June 28, 1898, Peter
Rehder, a native of Germany, aged 47 years.
SANDERS— this city. June 28, 1898. Charles,
beloved son of John and Mary Sanders, and
brother of May. John and William Sanders,
a native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 5
months and 22 days.
SCHMITZ— In this city. June 27, 1898. Leonard,
infant son of George and Mary Schmitz, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
16 days.
SQUIRES— In South San Francisco. June 23,
1898, Victoria, beloved wife of N. L. Squire*,
mother of Maurice, Fred and Rose Squires,
and sister of Mrs. L. R. Fulda. a native of
Philadelphia, Pa., aged 47 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1635 Fifteenth avenue. South San
' Francisco. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TOWNLEY— In this city, June 28. 189&, John
5 . infant son of John A. and Sallie C. Town-
ley, a native of San Francisco, aged 2 months
and 9 days. (Petaluma, Cal., papers please
copy.)
[ET'Frlenda are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of his parents. -
227 Bartlett street, between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 28, 1898, Amos
F. Williams, a native of San Francisco, aged
29 year*.
ICT" Interment private. Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER.
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBSJ
.. Kb tIITE ST., Opp. Lincoln Soiioai.
-; V ■■'-' Telephone, South SO.
h. d. m'avoy. Manager. - I
TVlc/W/OY «fc CO., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS I
/VtcMVOY «fe CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER* I
1235 Market St. between Bth and Bth. 3
Telephone. South 247. |
Bstab. 1868. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapeL for tut an
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulaao*.
H. C. BUNKER & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
2666 Mission St. Mission Masonic Tempi*
Telephone Mission 75. -
*.■■■■•■'■
1112
TOOLEY STREET
TAILORS PLAN
TO RUN THINGS
"Buggy-Robe" Braunhart Up
holds Them in Their Dis
like of Primaries.
Precious Material That Has Found Its Way
Into the Committee of One Hundred
for Distribution of Gold Bricks.
The three tailors of Tooley street
have decided to dispense with all pri
maries. Their first move was to con
stitute themselves the Democratic
party, their second to conclude that the
people were not to be trusted. There
Is nothing surprising in this. Misfit
tailors never trust anybody. Spot cash
is their rule.
The formal verdict was reached at a
secret meeting. Samuel Lexow Braun
hart was there, his presence lending a
moral tone to proceedings. Ht» is by
profession a reformer, making a spec
ialty of isinglass tickets, and his fame
Is linked with the memory Of a buggy
robe. Indeed the Irreverent have gone
po far as to term him "Buggy-robe
Braunhart." a designation which fails
to soothe hi? savage breast. Whisper-
Ing Gavin McNab, the boss tailor, was
there and agreed with his good friend.
McNab has viewed the primary as a
wicked device ever since the theft of
the 20-foot ladders leading to the loft
where he once conducted — with telling
effect — a reform primary of his own.
This peculation left him in the air,
much embarrassed. The primary oc
curred in the Forty -fifth District in
1892 and was a. fine specimen of the re
form article.
Tailor Frank "Hood" Gould has been
Informed that Sherwood forest tactics,
including the sand-bag, will not be
countenanced in this city. William
"Hallucination" Alford, humblest of the
trio, has retired to Tulare to saw wood.
Braunhart's opposition to primaries
comes from a settled conviction as to
the wisdom of holding four aces, with
the fifth up his sleeve. The committee
of one hundred is composed largely of
gold men. Maguire is a siiverite and
is said to be in favor <>f holding pri
maries. Such is their anxiety to show
how they love him that they propose to
present him a gold brick in the shape
of a lead-pipe cinch delegation ap
pointed by themselves. Braunhart is
with them. He is one of the most frag
rant beauty roses which ever sprang
from the sand lot and flourished under
the fostering car.- of the lamented
Denis Kearney. Ho is an inveterate Job
chaser, and occasionally catches his
prey. Elected to the Legislature In
1880, his first work in the interest of
good government and reform was a
vote for Increasing the expenditures of
the City and County Clerk $54,000 per
annum. He received as a reward for
this treachery two appointments from
the clerk, who afterward became a
defaulter.
In 1896 Braunhart appeared once more
on the stage in the role of reformer.
The little port warden who after three
years on the water front still called j
the hold of a ship the "cellar" and the
deck the "ground floor" lost no time
in voting to Increase the expenditures
of the fire department and police $60,000
per annum. This was In spite of de
pressed times and a pledge he had
given to promote economy. For this
second notable lapse from virtue he
w;ik criven one appointment on the po
lire force. He has received four ap
pointments on the fire department and
his howl for more is heard in the land.
There is hardly a position short of the
Presidency to which this insatiate ap
petite has not reached out with yearn
ing. After the election of Orover Cleve
land he sought to be Consul to Posen,
his native city, he being the original
Sam'l of J'oson; Consul to Breslau. his
adopted city; Appraiser of Merchandise
at this point, and it is rumored pork
Inspector for Jerusalem. But the mem
ory of the isinglass tickets barred his
way to soft snaps. Undismayed, he
became a candidate for the State Board
of Equalization. Registrar <>f Voters,
and finally fell into a port wardenship,
although he did not know the stern of
a ship from the stem. In 1896 he want
ed the nomination for State Senator,
and got it by marching his pang into
Odd Fellows' Hall .-it. midnight. This
was a delicate feat, but he accom
plished it, standing off the janitor for
$r> rent demanded, and later inducing
the secretary to advance the sum.
Tt would be impossible to corrvipt
him, he having all the immunity hedg
ing about the integrity of a decayed
egg. Hp does not like "wulgar bosses."
"I don't do no business wid a big farm- j
er from Warm Jnrings," he explains. '
"I do it wid his lieutenants."
To satisfy the cormorant and enlist '
him under their snotless banner, the
three tailors have promised to give him
a lease of the peanut stand In the City
Hall. They exact the hard condition
that no frozen orfinges soaked In hot ]
Water ore to be exposed for sale. Halo, I
tlves of the tailoring triumvirate are
expected after January next to occupy
all the positions at '.ie City Hall, and
they must be guarded against colicky
pangs. It is stated that Whispering
McNab has reluctantly consented to
have stipulated in the lease that no
Chinese made cigars shall be sold un
der a white labor brai d. This grinds
McNab. The quality >f labor known
as "scab*.' is dear to his little soul..
Of course it Is no discredit to a man
to have been a peddler in his youth,
particularly as his Honor the Mayor
claims to be one vet. And Mr. Phelan
has done much for th" world not nnly
of politics but of science. To the process
of curing by laying on of hands he has
ndded that of counting money by the
method of- "hefting." The money was
not there, but he hefted it just as con
scientiously. During his campaign
when Phelan was addressing the Ped
dlers' Association he said "we are all
peddlers after a fashion." and that he
was peddling his personality in ex
change for votes. If Phelan, "the pam
pered child of fortune," is a huckster,
then Braunhart selling peanuts to the
passing politicians need feel no sense
of shame.
A veritable heliotrope from the Kear
ney sand lot garden has climbed over
the wall and is now on the immortal
committee of one hundred. This is
Thomas Janus Pinder. He, like the
god of old, has a faculty for looking
two ways at once, being equipped with
two faces for the purpose. The believer
in reincarnation would naturally sup
pose that in some former existence
Pinder had been an cci. He can wrig
gle out of any tight place. He used
to attend a series of good government
lectures delivered by a certain divine
Friday evenings, and next morning
would be at the St. George stables dis
cussing projects with the big farmer
from Warm Springs. He signed tho
call and attended the meeting which re
sulted in the election of Major Harney
and then wont to smoke the pine of
peace in tho wigwam of reformer Maxi
milian Parkhurst Popper. He would
not attend the first meeting of the State
General Committee because he had
friends on both sides. He sits on the
fence until the lnst moment and then
makes a jump, invariably alighting on
his feet in the band wagon, and then
announces that he has been there all
the time. He was given by the last
Democratic Convention a "compli
mentary" vote for Recorder, and is
now a oanu.Jate before the Tooley
street committee for the same office.
He will. no d'>ubt receive the "com
plimentary" vote of the people on No
vember next. He is always a candidate
for office and just now has at least one
cf his faces upon the Recordership. His
abilities as a financier mark him as no
ordinary man. In 1886 he was elected
to the Senate from this city and by
frugality and perservanoe was able to
save from- his salary of $8 per day for
sixty days enough to buy a farm which
he still has. When n^xt the Mayor
shall have occasion to name a mid
night Board of Supervisors he should
not overlook Pinder. Chlmmie Fadden
would have called Pinder a peach. If
he were to apply himself to city affairs
as diligently as he did to his own when
in the Senate he ought to be equal to
the task of running the city upon a 50
cent limit and have money to devote to
charity at the. end of the fiscal year.
A BUSY CORONER.
Mrs. Angelo Ghio's Death From an
Amputation — A Supposed
Suicide Found.
An unknown man was brought to the
Morgue yesterday from a lodging-house
at 14S Sixth street. The body was discov
ered by the chambermaid lying face down
on the carpet near the window, as though
the deceased had attempted to pet some
fresh air. A box containing a few mor
phine pills was in the room and some of
the pills had been used. The deceased
rented the room on the evening previous
and said that he had come from T^os An
geles. He seemed to be In the last stages
of asthma and had come to San Francis
co to be cured. He did not give his nanv 1 .
The deceased was between 45 and 50 years
old, had bine eyes and sandy hair and
mustache, and wore a gray suit with
large block checks.
The Coroner was notified yesterday
that Mrs. Ansrelo Ghio, a native of Italy,
had died from the effects of an amputa
tion of one of her arms at the German
Hospital. She fell downstairs In the
house 915 Battery street and broke an
arm on the nth of the present month. An
inquest was waived.
Railroad Case Submitted.
Argument In the demurrer to the writ
of prohibition recently issued by Judge
Belcher, prohibiting the Railroad Commis
sion from further proceeding In the hear
: ing of the case against the Southern Pa
i cine Company and other corporations un
, der the Robinson complaint, was conclud-
I ed" before Judge Kahrs yesterday and the
case was Bubmitjted. It is expected that a
! decision; will be handed down in a few
days. .
Celebrate the Fourth with California
i fireworks. Buy direct from makers. Cal
i <fpjr_nlft Fireworks Co., 219 Front at. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 29, 1898.
SNUFFS THE BATTLE FROM AFAR.
District Attorney Barnes, Who Has Accepted the Cap 3
iaincy of a Fifth Regiment Company.
"Top, I have accepted the appointment as captain of Company C of tho
Fifth Kegiment," said District Attorney William S. Barnes yesterday even
ing. "I have had the commission at my disposal for BOine time, but at
the suggestion of Governor Budd I have not made a public announcement
of my intentions until to-day. The regiment of which I expect to be cap
tain is the volunteers from Petaluma, and it was my good fortune that
there was a vacancy. Of course, I am not a captain in the United States
service yet, but I have passed the examination of the military board suc
cessfully. I cannot be de facto captain of the regiment until it has been
mustered into the service. I will be prepared to take command of the
company when it arrives on Thursday on its way to Camp Barrett at
Fruitvale, Alameda County.
"I have entered the service not with the idea of guarding a powder
mill at Santa Cruz or protecting babies at Monterey, but with the earnest
hope of seeing service at the front. Should my company be detailed on
home duty I would infinitely prefer to be a civilian District Attorney rather
than a stay-at-home captain of volunteers.
"I am really glad that the matter has been decided, and I breathe a
freer air now that my mind is at rest.
"Of course, I know that my legal friends and enemies will endeavor to
have some fun at my expense, to all of which I bid them welcome. For
their benefit I will say that so far as the captain of Company C is con
cerned the nolle pros will be held in abeyance With the Spanish troops.
The only writ that will be issued from headquarters will be that of capias.
Further, the captain is glad to at .east temporarily abandon the technical
ities of the law for tho generalities of a S( . lltr y- s bayonet."
"How about the District Attorneyahip?" was asked.
"As to the District Attorney's office I am not prepared to say definitely
•what I will do. I am now on my regular vacation, which lasts four weeks.
At the expiration of that period I will decide whether I will ask for a
leave of absence or resign. "While I am in the State and in the camp of in
struction I will still be District Attorney in law and fact. My further ar
rangements will depend upon the destination of my regiment.
"I have one parting comment to make. I have been deeply studying
this Span'sh war question and find that the enemy has rapid-fire guns
that successfully cover eleven inches of space at 1000 yards. So far I have
found no scheme by which I can get between those infernal bullets."
As Captain Barnes weighs nearly 300 pounds the seriousness of this
problem can be appreciated.
THROWN IN PRISON
WITHOUT CAUSE
TJNWAKRANTED ARREST *BY A
SPECIAL OFFICER.
Hugh Friel Charged With Burglary
Because He Happened to
Be in an Old
Foundry.
What appears to be a most unwarrant
ed arrest was made by Special Officer
R. A. Sample on Monday evening, and It
will probably result In his star being
taken from him.
Hugh Friel. a boy 14 years of ape. living
I at 32 Te-hama street, had been working on
the collier Centennial Sunday and Mon
day, and w:is on his way homo Momliiy
I evening, when he had occasion to go into
j the old Enterprise foundry on Folsom
street. While there Sample pounced
upon him. and with the remark, "Now
I've got you!" struck the boy three or
j four times with his fist, finishing up by
; sending him to the City Prison on a
I charge of burglary.
The boy, who was as grimy looking an
object as could be imagined, remained in
I the prison all night, and appeared in
i Judge Conlan's court yesterday morning.
When the case was called Sample told
Prosecuting Attorney Cavigao that he
would require to see another officer, and
asked that the case be continued till to
morrow, which was done.
Later the Judge heard the boy's story
and released him on his own recogni
zance. The boy had been paid $2 50 for his
two days' work on the Centennial, and
had the money In his pocket, which he
was taking home to his mother when ar
rested. It was about the first, money he
had earned. His mother was in court.
! and was heartbroken at such a charge
1 being made against her offspring.
, — ■ m ■
THROWN OUT OF HER HOME.
An Old Woman of Pioneer Days Is
Ejected by the Law's Mandate.
The sympathies of Sheriff Whelan were
enlisted a few days ago when he was
called upon to dispossess an old woman,
named Catherine Conlan, who is now In
her eighty-fifth year, and who has been
living in the house at 23 Sherwood pla«e
for the past forty-five years.
This aged woman, who is now an ln
{ competent person and haMlng as her
I guardian her son-in-law, Harry Lang
; Hhaw, settled in Sherwood place at a time
: when Third street only extended as far as
Hunt street, and when all that portion of
south of Market was a sand heap and the
home of the wandering Sydney Ducks,
who camped where the Palace Hotel now
stands. During the past ten years Mrs.
Conlan had neglected to pay the taxes on
her little 17x55 homestead, and as a re
sult the property was sold for taxes. The
purchaser was Jake Raver, who not wish
ing to throw the poor old woman out of
I the house which she had so long resided
;in made her his tenant in November,
1 18S)o. and gave her a lease of the place,
i rent free, for the period of one year. At
I the expiration of that time the woman
became childish, and it was necessary to
appoint a guardian to represent her, as
well as to look out for her comfort. This
duty was accepted by her son-in-law,
Harry Langshaw. who with his ward re
sided on the premises aa long as they
were not disturbed by their landlord.
Raver finally secured a writ of ejectment,
but the sympathies of the Sheriff were
wrought up to their highest pitch, and ho
tried to have the old woman removed to
the Sisters' Home. So far his efforts have
proved barren of results, as she refuses
to leave the house that she occupied so
long, and the one that she still maintains
she baa a right to. Nevertheless, the
Sheriff's deputies will be compelled to re
move her and her belongings to-day and
give possession of the premises to Rn.uer.
When spoken to yesterday by a Call
representative Mrs. Conlan was as happy
as a child with a new doll. She said she
intended to marry just as soon as the
right man came along. Four of her grand
children are inmates of the Catholic Or
phan Asylum, and all of her own family
have long since passed away.
RAILROAD VALUES.
Testimony as to the Cost and Value
of the Southern j. acific.
The examination of W. O. Curtis, civil
engineer and witness for the Southern Pa
cific Company, in its injunction suit
against the Railroad Commissioners, was
resumed before United States Court Com
missioner lleacock yesterday. J. H. Polk,
the expert of the Railroad Commissioners,
was present and a very attentive listener
to the proceeding's. Mr. Curtis' testimony
was confined to showing the expense of
maintaining the company's properties ana
estimating values. Speaking of expense,
he said the growing business required
more f<>rry boats, and the purchase of
faster locomotives to satisfy the demands
of shippers for greater speed in the de
livery of merchandise and goods liable to
spoil in transit. The witness then told ot
the economic saving of ties and other
timbers used along the railroad by apply
ing a solution of chloride of zinc whicn
prevented decay and destruction, the re
sult being to prolong their services Indefi
nitely.
Referring to the replacing of the walls
of the snowsheds with.masonry, Mr. Cur
tis st;iti-d that it was an act of economy
as the wnlls thus constructk-d will stand
against avalanches or almost any great
pressure. The expenditure of $220 per mile
on tli i s work he considered money saved.
In reply to a question by Mr. Herrin, wit
ness stated that he regarded the extra
cost of building a road through mountain
regions (3060 pet n-.ile. or a total for this
class of work In California of $9,640,000.
That is if another company should paral
lel the present lines of the Southern Pa
cific Company. In the matter of bridge
building he said that the roads crossed
the Sacramento River sixteen times and
the Soledad Canyon eight times. Mr. Cui
tis could not say what the property would
bring at a forced sale, but he thought it
would have a value of $6,250,000 to the
State. He would advise a purchaser to
pay $2000 per mile more for the road ra
ther than build a new one.
Among the items of expense enumerated
by the witness was that of fuel, which he
Faid was enormous as compared with
companies located where coal was easy
of acefss and cheap.
Mr. Curtis will continue his testimony
on the same lines to-day.
Dr. Kienborts Insane.
Dr. Klenborts. a physician residing at
30% Twenty-eighth street, was committed
to the asylum for the Insane at Ukiah by
the Insanity Commissioners yesterday;
The physician is a veteran of the civil
war. Of late he has acted so strangely
that his wife was forced to have him ar
rested. He was examined yesterday morn
ing and pronounced insane and committed
to thjj.^aylum.
BROKE DRIVER
MABEN'S WRIST
Double Runaway at the
Trotting- Meet.
SOME FIGHTING FINISHES
♦
GOOD SPOftT AT OAKLAND RACE
TRACK.
Dictatress, William Baker, Clay S,
Little Thorn and Rect Win
Their Respective
Races.
It was almost a perfect race day at
Oakland yesterday, very little wind blow-
Ing and the track being at its best, the
time was fast. An audience numbering
well above a thousand turned out, and
what with several fighting finishes and a
lively runaway passed an afternoon teem
ing with excitement.
Favorites were bowled over with charm
ing regularity. The fields were hard to
get away in two of the events, and it
kept the talent guessing quite as
much as with the runners. Dic
tntress. a ]5 to 1 shot, led off
with a victory, aided possibly by a double
runaway, in which Primrose unseated
Thompson near the half, and Gaff Topsail,
in avoiding the wreck, swerved into
Polo"s sulky, throwing Walter Maben,
breaking the popular Los Angeleno's wrist.
With two driverless horses in the field it
was a moment of intense excitement, and
several drivers kept aloof, thus leaving
the leaders an uncontested pathway,
rather than take further chances.
DJctatress is a daughter of Dlctatus,
and few thought she stood a chance for
show money even, she was so unsteady
scoring. Once away, however, she led
them a merry chase, reeling off the first
quarter in :31%, a 2:07 clip, and to the
half in 1:06, which showed her capacity.
Lady Margaret, second enoice in the bet
ting, landed place honors, I Direct, the
favorite, being third. He was heavily
backed at 7 to 10 by the wise, because of
his Saturday victory. Primrose was read
ily captured, but Polo escaped and ran
a second mile ere his capture. Maben is
peculiarly unfortunate, this being his sec
ond serious accident of late years, each
occurring as he was about to begin a cam
paign with a seemingly strong stable.
William Baker, nominated by the In
jured reinsman, won the 2:19 pace, driven
by Jimmy Sullivan, beating Dictatus and
Fitz Aymon with ease, in 2:18*4, and the
Fitz Aymoners who went down were nu
merous. The winner's price was 2 to 1.
There were eight 2:17 trotters to answer
Starter Havey's bell, and a more un
steady pole horse than George Washing
ton it would be hard to locate. The thir
teenth attempt "Dick" got a splendid hne
up. and away they went. So did the Our
Jack money, fur he was even-money fa
vorite and landed sixth. That big strider
<"lny S, 10 to 1, won in a rattling drive
with Washington, in 2:14. the Vallejo
horse but a length behind, both under a
stiff application of the whalebone. May
H had little to beat to show and did the
act very neatly.
The 2:12 pacers were held closer by the
poncllers, Plunkett at 6 to 1 being the long
est price quoted. Little Thorn was at 4 to
5 and won it after being kept under cover
to the far turn. Here he paced rings
round the bunch and jogged in from th«
drawgate at the paddock in 2:l3Vi. He is a
handsome, splendidly behaved little tiorse
and it Is a relief to see one occasionally
wearing as few boots as does he in theso
days of hoppled sidewheelers. Hijo del
Diablo got place honors after a redhoi
skirmish with Ketchum and they had to
take a whole lot of "persuasion" the
length of the homestretch. It was a fin
ish which "brought the stand to Its feet,"
to use running terms.
Reot. C. L. Griffith's fast 4-year-old, by
Direct, was once again favorite in the
heat race— the 2:40 trot— and form players
had him rated aright for he toyed with
his field aiul took the race at his ease in
2:l6Va and 2:1&% without being all out at
any part of the route. He was 2 and 3 to
1 and nevor made a mistake. Saturday's
race did him a world of benefit and the
end is not yet. He will surely trot in 2:12,
barring accidents, and may be still an
other phenomenon to the credit of Califor
nia, having extreme speed together wit!i
a frictionlt-ss gait and is bred in the pur-
Ele. Mamie Riley, second choice in the
etting, seemed a good thing for place
honors, bur. after trotting second the
opening heat lost the money to Dexter I>,
the second because of a disastrous break.
She secured second money, however, and
Dexter D third. The latter will bear
watching with Rect out of his way in the
slow rtawwwi. Favor, Saturday's winner,
was "off" badly and unsteady,' going into
a pace at times. He was away behind tho
money, losing his party not a little money.
Lustrine, Pearl X and Ed Winship werw
outclassed the 2:16% heat, all being dis
tanced.
Mr. Havey's starting was, with a single
send off, exceptionally tine and the only
drawbacks to an afternoon of unsurpassed
pleasure were the regrettable accident
above mentioned and the wait between
heats of the 2:40 trot, which should have
been moved up so as to alternate with a
dash event. The racing improves daily
as the drivers are out for the money ana
realize that to get it they must go right
to work when the word "go" is sounded
and keep near the front.
Records are bound to tumble and the
betting affords quite the Infatuation ap
parently that "playing the runners" af
fords. People should remember that rac
ing begins promptly at 1:30 and that ths
best horses on the coast are engaged each
day. The summaries:
FIRST RACE.
2:30 class, pacing, one mile dash; purs* $200-
Dictatrefs, oh. f., by Dletatus (8. C. Kent) "i
Lady Margaret, b. m., by Star (W. Durfee) 2
I Direct, br. »., by Direct (J. Nelson) 3
Resort, Peanuts, Gaff Topsail, Patsy D
Captain Hackett, Mark H, Primrose and Polo
also started and finished In that order
Time— :3l%, 1:06, 1:41^, 2:15»4.
Ketting— Auctions. I Direct, $10. Field $7
Bo'iks— Dictatress, 15; Lady Margaret 4- i
Dlrert. 7 to 10; Resort 10; Peanuts, 10; Gait
Topsail 12; Patsy D, 10; Captain Hackett, «•
Mark 11, 10; Primrose, 4, and Polo, 15.
SECOND RACE.
2:19 class, pacing, one mile dash-; purse $200:
William Baker, b. g., by Silkwood (James
Sullivan) x
Dictatus, eh. h.. by Red Wilkes CW. Masten).l2
Fitz Aymon, blk. g., by Wahlstein (T. Hurl
burt) 3
Butcher Boy, Bess H and Cora S also started
and finished In that order.
Time— :3s, 1:09>4, 1:44 H. 2:18%.
Betting— Auctions, field, $10; Fltz Aymon.
$7. Hooks— William Baker, 2; Dictatus, 4; Fitz
Aymon, 6 to o; Butcher Boy, 6; Cora S 7 and
Bess H, 10.
THIRD RACE.
2:17 class, trotting, one mile dash; purse $200:
Clay S, b. s., by Grover Clay (Roderigues) l
George Washington, b. a., by Mambrino Chief
Jr. (J. Smith) 2
May B, bl. m.. by Altoona (H. Hillman) 3
Mojave, Iran Alto, our Jiick and Sliver Ring
also started and finished In that order.
Time— :33>4, l:06H. 1:40^, 2:14.
Betting— Auctions, field, $13; Our Jack. $10-
Books— Clay S, 12; George Washington. S; May
B, 4; Iran Alto, 4; Mojave, 5; Our Jack, even-
Silver Ring, 6.
FOURTH RACE.
2:12 class, pacing, one mile dash; purse $200:
Little Thorn, b. g., by Hawthorn (J. Thomp
son) x
HIJo del Diablo, b. h., by Diablo (J. Nelson).. 2
Ketchum. b. h.. by Gosslper (J. Baker) 3
Plunkett also started.
Time— :32 Mi. l:06»i. 1:39, 2:13^.
Betting— Auctions, field, $10; Little Thorn. $10
Books— Little Thorn, 4 to 5; Htjo del Diablo, 3-
Ketchum. 2, and Plunkett. 6.
FIFTH RACE.
2:40 class, trotting, one mile, heats, 2 in 3
purse, $300:
Rect, blk. g., by Direct (H. Webster) l x
Mamie Riley. b. m.. by McKinney (W. Dur
fee) a 5
Dexter D., b. h., by Dexter Prince (J
Thompson c o
Brice McNeil. 8. h., by Dudley (J. Quinn)..3 j
Joe Selby, b. g., by Don L. (J. Smith).. 4 4
Favor, eh. g., by Daly (W. J. Clark) 5 6
Llsterine, b. m., by Athadon (C. E. Clark). Dls
Ed Winship, b. g., by Raymond (J. Thomp
son) ..Dig
Pearl X., blk. m., by Wayland W. <H.
Hans) Dig
Time, first heat— :33, l:06H. 1:41. 2:16^. Sec
ond heat— :Si%, VMM,, 1:43^, 2:19%.
Betting— First heat, books, Rect, 3; Mamie
Riley, 2; Brice McNeil, 4; Favor, 7 to 2; Dexter
D., Joe Selby, Ed Winship, Pearl X., 10; Lls
terins. 16. Second ieat— .Kect, 1 to 2; Mamie
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORED AND BLACK
ELEGA^GOODS
VERY LOW PRICES.
$4.50 Dress Pattern.
Fancy French Granites, in
New Blues, Grays, Reds,
Navys and Browns.
56.00 Dress Pattern.
42 -inch French Whip-
cords and Corkscrews,
in all the very latest
shades.
60c. Per Yard.
Black Figured Brilliant-
ines, full 38 inches
wide, in a large variety
of handsome designs.
$9.00 Dress Pattern.
44- inch Black French
Crepons, in a good va-
riety of new styles.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
Our entire stock of Colored and Black
French Etamines and Canvas Cloths
marked down to about half former
prices.
THE ABOVE GOODS ARE ON EXHIBITION IN
OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
Rlley, 2; Dexter D.. 20; Joe Selby, 10: Favor,
&• Brlce McNeil, 15. Auctions— Mamie Rlley,
$5; field, iv 50.
TO-DAT'S RACES.
First race. 2:22 class, trottlne, dash, one
mile; purse $200— James O'Kanr's Carrie C, E.
V Jacob's Dr. J. r>. K. Knight's Daymont,
A. C. Gurnett's Melva. John Curleys Little
Miss E. Topham's Ned Thome. Rosedale
Farm's Diana, H. C. Barton's cameo L, E. P.
Heald's Pilot Prince.
Second race, 2:26 class, pacing, dash, one
mile: purse $200— Edw. A. Falvey's Resort, E.
Stewart's Dandy Pat. J. O'Kane's Peanuts, A.
H Cohens Blackstone, Walnut Grove Stock
Farm's Maiella. E. C. Gabriel's Mark H,
George Gray's William Harold. James Thomp
son's Primrose, C. C. Crippln's Roderick, J.
B. Iverson's Dictatress, W. S. Maben's Rex
Third race, special for members of Golden
Gate Driving Club, mile heats. 2 in 3: p\ii>e
JIOO—G W. Berry's Chloe, E. Stewart's Butcher
Boy, A. F. Patrick's Ashton, E. Cerclat's
Bishop Hero, James O'Kane's Carrie C John
O'Kane's Peanuts.
Fourth race, 2:27 class, trotting, dash, one
mile; purse $200— James Sullivan's Maud P. J.
M. Moorhead's Anna Belle. F. J. Vetter's Lou,
C. A. Owen's Nolly Bly, C L- Griffith's J.
YV Albert George E. Shaw's Winella. Wil
liam L. Spoor's Mabel McKinney, E. P.
Heald's Pilot McLellan.
Fifth race, special, 2:40 class, pacing, dash,
■ >ne mile: purse $200— J. O'Kano's Peanuts, E.
V Heald's Charles Dnvld. G. E. Shaw's Llndo. j
C A. Owens' Harry Ramon. W. S. Maben's
Polo.
RAILROAD RESPONSIBLE.
Motormen's Duty Defined in a Decis
ion Handed Down by Judge Hunt.
That It is as much a duty on the part of
motormen and grlpmen on the various
street car lines to lend their aid to pro- I
tect pedestrians as It is the pedestrian's j
duty to protect himself was determined j
yesterday in a decision handed down in j
the case of William M. Lee against the
Marlßt Street Railway Company by
Judge Hunt. The decision was rendered
denying a motion for a new trial which,
was requested by the railway company
and Is as follows:
William ' M. Lee, the plaintiff In this case,
was run over by one of the Kearny-street
electric cars, and his Injuries necessitated the
amputation of his leg. Upon the trial he re
covered a verdict for $5000 damages; the de
fendant moved for a new trial upon various
grounds but . mainly upon the ground that
the plaintiff's negligence directly contributed to
and was the cause of his Injury.
After a careful reading of the statement on
motion for a new trial, ' I find that the evi
dence preponderates In favor of defendant's
claim that plaintiff did not exercise ordinary
care In attempting to cross the track, because
he failed to look or listen for the approaching
car. But the evidence also shows that, upon
the night in question, the running of defend
ant's Kearny-street cars had been temporarily
obstructed by a procession on Market street,
that as the car came along Kearny street. It
was running at, what some of the 'witnesses
termed a "terrific"' rate of speed, far in ex
cess of the lawful rate of eight miles per
hour; and that the motorman made no effort
whatever to slacken the speed, or stop the car
when it approached - the plaintiff, although
warned by a passenger of the impending dan
ger. ■■..-, -
It must or should have been apparent to the
motorman before the collision took s place . that
the plaintiff, in a careless and Inattentive way,
was about to cross the railroad track in front
of the approaching car. in ignorance of Its ap
proach; and yet while the motormrui knew
or should have known of those facts, • he made
no attempt to avert Injury to plaintiff until
plaintiff had been run down by the car and
almost fatally Injured. Such conduct fairly in
dicates wantonness and recklessness on the
part of the motorman, or it at least indicates
failure . upon his part to exercise an . ordinary
degree of care to prevent the injury which
plaintiff received. .When one Is crossing or
attempting to cross a railroad . track under such
circumstances as renders It doubtful to the mo
torman, on the approaching car. whether he
can -accomplish his purpose or not, the, motor
man is not justified in proceeding In his course
without making at least some effort to stop
the car, up to the point of collision. ,C
: i The evidence. in my opinion, shows that the
1 mttorman omitted. to perform his duty In this
regard.' and hence the defendant Is responsible.
I consider that there was no prejudicial error
committed : during the trial, and that the evl-
I'.-tiiv was .;■ sufficient to . support the " verdict.
The motion for a new. trial; is denied. : :
Released on Bonds.
Grace Tjoose and Elsie Williams, recent
ly indicted by the Grand Jury on charges
of extortion in connection with the noto
rious Nevills scandal, were released on
bonds by Judge Cook yesterday mornins-
Five thousand dollars was required by the
court in each case before the order of re
lease was" signed. H. Ashderian ana
George M. SeropLan, property owners of
Fresno, qualified on the bond. When this
work had been concluded the order foi
the release of the prisoners was signed
and the young women left the prison to
gethery . i
ALEXANDER. BOYD SUED.
Heirs of Jacob Z. Davis Sue for a
Division of Partnership
Interests.
Mrs. Belle Curtis and Miss Lizzie Mulr,
heirs of the late Jacob Z. Davis, have en
tered suit against Alexander Boyd, Davis*
former partner, for a settlement of tho
property owned by the firm.
As surviving partner Boyd has author
ity to settle up the affairs of the partner
ship, but it is alleged that so far he ha*
refused to do this, and the suit has ac
cordingly been filed. The property in
cludes the Thurlow block at Sutter and
Kearny streets and other property at Cai
liornia and Market, Battery and Pine,
Market and Front. Battery and California
and Folsom and Second streets, the total
value of which will exceed $2,000,000.
It is the desire of all parties to avoid tha
appointment of a receiver, and the conse
quent sale of real estate If an agreement
in partition can possibly be reached.
Post Street Extension.
The applications of the Post Street Ex
tension Commissioners for permission to
take from the office of the clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, the books and maps
for the work, for the purpose of making a
modified report, will he denied. The report
and plat were filed in May, 1801, and In
February following- a protest filed by the
property owners interested was sustained
by the Supervisors. City and County At
torney Creswell is of the opinion that It
is now too late to make a modification of
the report and that the maps and booka
should be ret lined by Clerk Russell. If
j the work contemplated was carried out It
i would cost over $100,000.
"Nobby" Clark Again Worsted.
Forty-five cases for damages, nppregrat
inp several millions of dollars, brought hy
Alfred, alias Nobby Clarke, formerly clerk
of the Police Commissioners, were thrown
out of court yesterday by United States
Circuit Judge Morrow. The suits were
brought on behalf of various persons for
false imprisonment and other alleged
grievances, the most pretentious of whicn
was the suit brought by Clarke against
the Supreme Court for half a million dol
lars damages for causing his Imprison
ment for contempt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
After a Refreshing Bath
On a sultry day, the prospect of put-
ting on such exquisitely laundered
linen, white and faultless in finish, is a
pleasure to the man that has his shirts,
collars and cuffs "done up" at our laun-
dry. Our aim is to please our patrons,
and we spare no pains to do it, as we
want the patronage of every roan in
The United States Laundry, office
1004 Market street. ' Telephone
South 420.
(1 .^patents! jj
.. NfiB^33Q MARKET ST. SJV%S*r -