VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 137.
THE ARMY TO BE MOBILIZED,
VOLUNTEERS TO BE CALLED
THE BATTLE-SHIP OREGON AND HER CONSORT, THE MARIETTA, PASSING THROUGH STRAITS OF MAGELLAN.
MAY CHANGE TO
A DECLARATION
OF WAR TO-DAY
It Is Not Believed by Anybody at
Washington Now That the
Peace Can Be Kept.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— There was much quiet talk
on both sides of the Senate chamber to-night in favor of
substituting a declaration of war for both the majority and
minority reports. It is thought by some that this would
unite 'he different factions.
NEW YORK. April 15.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: Another day's delay in Con
gress, but one day nearer war.
Peace is no longer regarded as
a possibility.
The entire army is under marching
orders to-night. The navy is only
waiting for the final word to move.
Congress is expected to-morrow to take
the first steps to provide for calling out
from 60,000 to 100,000 volunteers. Chair
man Dingley is preparing a bill for war
taxes. In the face of all these warlike
preparations everybody has ceased to
talk about the possibility of peace.
The question of the hour is, When
will war begin and how long will it
lastP
Congress is still a factor in the mat
ter. Final action is expected by the
Senate to-morrow. This does not ne
cessarily mean that the intervention
resolution will go to the President for
his signature to-morrow. Everything
depends upon the vote which will be
taken on the pending House resolution.
If this should prevail the President will
have the authority for forcible interven
tion which he requested in his message
to-morrow night.
It is the opinion of Senator Spooner,
who made a masterly speech in the
Senate to-day in support of the House
resolution, that the Senate will adopt
the resolution reported by the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations,
either in its present original form or
with an amendment declaring directly
in favor of the recognition of the pres
ent so-called republic of Cuba, and that
this will cause a deadlock between the
two houses which may last for several
days.
Senator Foraker also insists that the
final vote of the Senate will show a
safe majority in favor of the recogni
tion of independence. A canvaßS of the
Senate late this afternoon bears out this
prediction of Senator Foraker, but an
other day's debate may result in a \ ic
tory for the Senate Committee on For
eign Relations.
All the leaders agree that Congres
sional action cannot be staved off many
days longer. The effort* of the Demo
crats to make a purely party question
of the Cuban matter by favoring the
recognition of the present government
complicated the situation somewhat, but
the Republican leaders in both houses
of Congress are exerting every effort
to keep their party in line with the
President's recommendations.
I learned definitely to-night that
if a resolution is sent to the Presi
dent containing a declaration for the
recognition of the present so-called
republic of Cuba he will not veto it.
He will hold, however, that the re
cognition of the republic is an execu
tive function and that he must exer
cise his own judgment as to when
and under what circumstances it is
to be accorded.
Administration authorities are very
sanguine to-night that the House reso
lution will finally prevail. If it does the
President will be prepared to act
jyom.ptly^ Every mjlijary and nav4
The San Francisco Call
GEN. MILES
TALKING
BUSINESS.
NEW YORK, April 15.— The
Washington correspondent of the
Herald telegraphs: Major Gen
eral Miles, liscusslng the situa
tion, said to me to-night: "The
orders Issued to-day do not con
template a mere military demon
stration or stage play for the
benefit of Spain. We are engaged
In grave and serious business.
The army will be efficiently or
ganized that it may acquit itself
■with honor in the carrying out of
the administration plans for In
tervention In Cuba as they may
be expressed by the formal action
of Congress and by the approval
of the President.
"Our plans of campaign are, for
obvious reasons, not subjects for
discussion. I "have no hesitation
in eaylng, however, that we shall
be prepared to cross the gulf for
active military operations In
Cuba in conjunction with the In
surgents' army when the navy
shall have cleared the way for
the effective landing of United
States troops on Cuban shores."
preparation has been made in anticipa
tion of this result.
It was formally announced at the
Spanish legation this afternoon that
the American public was being
grievously fooled by the assumption
that Spain would under any circum
stances voluntarily relinquish sov
ereignty over the island of Cuba.
This statement, coupled with the
early assembling of the Spanish Cortes
for the purpose of preparing for war,
has convinced everybody here that the
real crisis is now at hand.
A naval demonstration by the
United States is certain to come, and in
all probability within the next ten days.
What will happen after this demonstra
tion is made no living man can tell.
The representatives of the great
European powers agree that nothing
further can be done to prevent the
United States carrying out its plan
of intervention.
Archbishop Ireland, who has been
here for some time past carrying out
the instructions of the Pope in the in
terests of peace, left Washington to
night thoroughly convinced that media
tion is now out of the question, at least
until after the United States has made a
demonstration in Havana harbor.
Will Meet This Morning.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— The House
Committee on Foreign Affairs will meet
at 10:30 o'clock to-morrow morning to
determine the action on the Senate
resolutions when sent over from the
Senate.
Spanish Fours Weak.
MADRID, April 16.— Spanish 4'a closed
to-day at 66.75. . . ; _ /;;/■ ;.;■'' -^
: LONDON, April 15.— The closing quo
tation for gold at Madrid to-day was
48.70, .--..:-,- j
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898 — TWENTY-TWO PAGES.
QUEEN REGENT
PREFERS WAR TO
HUMILIATION
While Don Carlos Threatens Re
volt if Spain Does Not Reply
With Arms to America.
MADRID, April 15. — The action taken by the Spanish Cabinet to-day has
confirmed the general belief which has been prevalent here since yesterday,
that war is now inevitable. The warlike tone of the official note issued by
the Spanish Government finds general approval here and creates much ex
citement. t
Contrary to the general opinion that the Queen Regent has been nego
tiating for peace at any price, her attitude to-day had much to do with the
firm action of the Cabinet. It is learned on unquestionable authority that the
Queen Regent recently mado the following statement:
" I prefer even the horrors of war rather than tarnish on the prestige
of the army or to impair the rights of the crown."
Another factor, undoubtedly, is Don Carlos' manifesto of yesterday, of
which the following is an extract, which was not risked submitting to the
censor:
"The Governors of Madrid may make a call to arms inevitable, and
I may if they continue to permit the Spanish standard to be dragged in
the mud. Twenty years of patriotic retirement have proved that lam
neither ambitious nor a conspirator. The greater and better part of my
life as a man has been spent in the difficult task of restraining my
natural impulses and those of my enthusiastic Carlists, whose eagerness
I was the first to appreciate, but which, nevertheless, I curbed, although
it rent my heart to do so. To-day national honor speaks louder than
anything, and the same patriotic duty which formerly bade me say,
'Wait yet a while,' may leave me to cry, commanding the Carlists, 'Car
lists, forward,' and not only the Carlists, but all Spaniards, especially to
the two national forces who still bravely withstand the enervating femini
nities of the regency, the people and the army.
"If the glove which Washington has flung in the face of Spain is
picked up by Madrid I will continue the same example of abnegation as
before, with the exception that I cannot partake in the slightest, other
than by prayers and by the influence of my name."
Continuing, Don Carlos, in his manifesto, says: "I will applaud from
my soul those who have the good fortune to face the fire, and I shall
consider those Carlists as serving my cause who embark in war with the
United States. But if everything leads me to fear that the polioy of
humiliation will again prevail we will snatch the reins of Government
from those who are unworthy to hold them and we will occupy their places."
The report that Spain had purchased the Hamburg-American liners
Normannia and Columbia was confirmed to-night. It is said that the
Minister for the Colonies, Senor Moret, bought them without consulting
Admiral Bermejo, the Minister of Marine.
As indicated to-night in the Hera/do, Spain is figuring on yellow
fever being an important factor of the Cuban situation. It says: "We
have 200,000 troops on the is/and, perfectly acclimatized, and any Ameri
cans who are landed there will die like flies."
FLYING SQUADRON HAD
A SUCCESSFUL DRILL
Beturns to Fort Monroe After Prac
tice Maneuvers That Were
Very Satisfactory.
FORT MONROE, Va., April 15.— The
flying squadron, the departure of which
caused so much excitement on Wednes
day, returned to-day to anchorage at
Fort Monroe, after having completed
two days and two nights of arduous
labor with satisfaction to its com
manding officer. Commodore Schley
wanted the captains of the fleet to
know each other in the movement of
their vessels and to be able to answer
quickly to all signals for movements
liable to be made in an engagement.
Running down to Cape Henry on
Wednesday afternoon the squadron
was taken fifteen miles out to sea, at
the same time maneuvering in response
to the signals from the flagship.
All of the big vessels responded
quickly, the heavy battleships Massa
chusetts and Texas being especially
quick. Line of battle was formed, with
the Brooklyn on the right, the Massa
chusetts to the left of the Brooklyn,
the Minneapolis io the left of the Mas
sachusetts, the Columbia next and the
Texas on the extreme left.
The signal to anchor in line was
obeyed so well that an almost perfect
alignment was obtained. Anchorage
was made on Wednesday night fifteen
miles east of Cape Charles light, near
the Southern drill grounds.
FOLGER IN COMMAND
OF THE_NEW ORLEANS.
New Cruiser Will Be Assigned to
the Flying Squadron at
Once.
NEW YORK, Aprn 15.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: No time has
been lost by the Navy Department in
preparing to use the new cruiser New
Orleans, which arrived in New York har
bor last night. Orders were issued to-day
detailing officers to command her. Ar
rangements are being made to complete
the complement of men for both her and
the San Francisco. Captain \V. M. Folger
who is now in charge of the Third Light
house District, has been assigned to the
command of the new cruiser, with Lieu
tenant-Commander Osborn as executive
officer. f
Both the New Orleans and the San
Francisco will be assigned to the flying
squadron. No determination has been
reached as to Commodore Howell's duty,
but he probably will come to Washington
to discuss the matter with the depart
ment.
GARRISON OF THE
PRESIDIO ORDERED
EAST YESTERDAY
Will at Once Join the Army for the Inva
sion of Cuba Gathering on the
Gulf Coast.
Hostile Tone Taken at Madrid Has Caused the
Administration to Reveal Its Position in
Open Preparation for the War
Now Inevitable,
NEW YORK, April 15.— The concentration of regular forces, says the
Herald's Washington correspondent, will be followed immediately by a
call of the President for volunteer troops for foreign service. The first
call will be for from 50,000 to 100,000 volunteers.
In order to obviate all possible causes of delay in response to calls
on account of differences of legal opinion with regard to the powers of
the President to enlist the National Guard for such service, it is expected
that a bill will be introduced in the House to-morrow by Representative
Howell authorizing the President to accept the enlistment of at least
100,000 volunteers, and that this bill will be pushed to a speedy passage
through the House and Senate.
As soon as the President has received from Congress this authority
to call for volunteers, he will make the requisitions upon the Governors
of every State in the Union to furnish their quota of volunteers in propor
tion to their population.
Everything goes — General Shaf
ter and his staff. Colonel Evan
Miles and the First Infantry, the
band, the two light batteries of
the Third Artillery, the battery
horses, the mules, escort wagons,
ambulances and the complete outfit
for field service.
At the Presidio and department
headquarters yesterday morning
there was premonition of a change.
No orders were received by wire
until late in the afternoon, but
there was something in the at
mosphere that made the troops
feel that the time for activity had
arrived. The newspaper bulletins
gave the men the first intelligence
that the War Department had or
dered a concentration of the troops
at New Orleans, Chattanooga,
Mobile and Tampa. Presently the
official intelligence was communi
cated to department headquarters.
Telegrams followed thick and fast.
The haste manifested at head
quarters to impart the news to
others and make ready to start
was soon announced at the Pre
sidio. Officers went at once to
post headquarters and the Pre
sidio Club to obtain official con
firmation of the news.
Great surprise was expressed
when it was learned that the
official orders commanded the light
artillery as well as the First In
fantry to take the field. Troopers
of the Fourth Cavalry were dis
appointed. Hearing that others
were going to the front they
wanted orders themselves to join
the advancing column.
The news soon extended to the
Post Exchange and the brick bar
racks. The command to move
had not then been given to the
enlisted, but they began to pack
up the few remaining traps up
packed, and within an hour the
soldiers were ready to fall in and
march to the boat.
General Shafter left on the 4:30
MOBILIZING THE ARMY
ON THE GULF COAST
WASHINGTON, April 15. — Decidedly the most warlike step in
preparing for the possibility of an encounter wiih Spain was taken
to-day when orders were issued for the concentration at four points
in the South of six regiments of cavalry, twenty-two regiments of
infantry and the light batteries of five regiments of artillery. At
Chickamauga there will be six regiments of cavalry and the light
batteries of five regiments of artillery; at New Orleans eight regi
ments of infantry; at lampa seven regiments of infantry, and at
Mobile seven regiments of infantry.
Since the civil war no such proportion of the army has been
mobilized and the movement itself is the best evidence of the grav
ity of the situation as looked upon by the President and his ad
visers. The determination to rendezvous the troops in the South,
where they can be acclimatized to the conditions of a more tropical
climate, has been under consideration by the President and his cab
inet for some time. It was not until to-day, however, that the Pres
ident, in view of the enormous expense which will be entailed, felt
justified in taking this step.
When Secretary Alger returned from the cabinet meeting he
at once called into conference General Miles and Adjutant-General
Corbin and acquainted them with the result of the cabinet's delib
erations. There were hurried consultations in which the quarter
master-general, who has charge of the transportation of the troops,
the commissary-general, who looks after their subsistence, and rep
resentatives in Washington of various railroads running to the
South, participated. The orders as finally given contemplate the
movement of troops to the places indicated as follows:
To Chickamauga battlefield — The First, Second, Third, Sixth,
Ninth and Tenth Regiments of Cavalry and the light batteries of
five regiments of artillery.
To New Orleans— The First, Seventh, Eighth, Twelfth, Six
teenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Regiments of
Infantry.
To Mobile — The Second, Third, Tenth, Eleventh, Nineteenth,
Twentieth and Twenty-second Regiments of Infantry.
To Tampa — The Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Ninth, Thirteenth, Seven
teenth and Twenty-first Regiments of Infantry.
The heavy batteries of artillery in each of the five regiments
mentioned will remain at their present posts.
P. M. train for Bakersfield yester
day. The telegrams from Gen
eral Miles ordering the movement
of troops were immediately re
peated to him. A messenger was
dispatched in tyiste to overtake
him before he reached the train,
but the boat had gone before the
messenger reached the ferry.
It is understood that General
Shafter will return to headquar
ters on the first train from the
south to-day. No doubt he v/as
apprised by wire at some inter
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
mediate station of the official com
mand from Washington.
The First Infantry, headquar
ters staff and band and the two
light batteries of artillery will
leave the Presidio Monday even
ing, unless orders are received
demanding an earlier departure.
The quartermaster's department
was directed to invite bids under
forty-eight hours' notice for the
transportation of the troops. The
bids will be opened Monday morn
ing. It will not be known until2
OUR WARSHIPS
MAY NOT COAL
AT JAMAICA
England Notifies Its Colonies to
Observe Strict Neutrality in
the Event of War.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, April 15. — In order to learn just what the Uni
ted States might expect from Great Britain in the matter of coaling her
w .;rships hero. Consul Dent, under orders from Washington, recently
put the question to the Colonial Government.
1 am informed by a high official here that the local government re
fused t" give a definite answer as to its neutrality in the event of war
n United States and Spain until it had been advised from Lon
don. Mr. Dent pressed the point strongly and obtained assurance that
the matter would be submitted to the Home Foreign Office.
This was done, and to-day the Colonial Government was instructed
by Mr. J"H''ph Chamberlain, Secretary erf State for the Colonies, to
strictly observe neutrality in case of of war. Coal is declared contra
band of war. No combatant ship, lam informed, will be allowed to
leave Jamaican ports within twenty-four hours of the departure of a
warship of the enemy. Further, the instructions to the Colcmlal Gov
ernment are to the effect that the strictest neutrality be enforced.
The Cuban Junta here recently made an offer looking to a charter
for the steamship Delta of Halifax. It was the intention of the Junta
to send the steamer to Santiago de Cuba to take off Cubans, who de
clare they are in great peril. At the last moment it was femnd that the
Delta was not large enough to accomodate all those who wished to
leave, and the Junta here cabled to the Junta in New York to see if ar
rangements could be made there.
the bids are considered and a con
tract awarded what route the First
Infantry will take to New Orleans,
or by what line the artillerymen
will go to Chattanooga.
As the 3.2-inch breech-loading
field guns, caissons, ammunition,
horses and complete equipment of
wagons go with the artillery, and
as the infantry takes along every
thing required for active field
service several special trains will
be required to transport the troops
and baggage to the respective
points of destination.
The following-named officers be
long to the batteries:
Light Battery C — Captain, John
M. Calef; first lieutenant, Arcfi
ibaid Campbell, and second
iieutenants, Lloyd England and
Rogers F. Gardner.
Light Battery F — Gaptain, Ram
say D. Potts; first lieutenant, John
P. Hams, and second lieutenant,
Edward P. O'Hern.
General Shatter will leave Mon
day night. He will be accompa
nied by the following members of
his staff: First Lieutenant Robert
H. Nolle, First Infantry, and John
D. Miley, Fifth Artillery, aids;
Lieutenant-Colonel John B. Bab
cock, assistant adjutant - general;
Lieutenant - Colonel Charles P.
Eagan, assistant commissary-gen
eral.
Colonel Moore, assistant quar
termaster-general, will leave on
Sunday night for New Orleans,
twenty-four hours previous to the
departure of troops, to select a
site for camp in New Orleans and
make arrangements for supplying
the command with fuel, forage, etc.
The following named officers of the
First Infantry will accompany the reg
iment to New Orleans: Colonel Evan
Miles, Lieutenant-Colonel William IT.
Bisbee, Major Thomas M. K. Smith;
adjutant. First Lieutenant Everett E.
Benjamin; q.uartermaster," First Lieu
tenant Leon S. Roudiez.
Company A — Captain Louis P. Brant,
First Lieutenant Hiram McL. Powell
and Second Lieutenant Charles L.
Bent.
Company B — First Lieutenant Charles
B. Vogdes, First Lieutenant Francis E.
Lacey Jr. and Second Lieutenant Lin
coin F. Kilbourn.
Company C— First Lieutenant Frank
O. Ferris.
Company D — Captain James S. Pet
tie and Second Lieutenant James N.
Pickering.
Company E — Captain John J. O'Con
nell and Second Lieutenant William M.
Crofton.
Company F— Captain Charles G.
Starr. First Lieutenant George A.
Detchmendy and Second Lieutenant
Dana W. Kilbourn.
Company G — Captain Nat P. Phister
and Second Lieutenant Dennis E. No
lan.
Company H— Captain Leopold O. Par
ker.
Companies I and X are skeleton com
panies. Company lis commanded by
Captain Frank de L. Carrington, who
is on duty with the National Guard
of California; First Lieutenant Charles
B. Vogdes, temporarily in command of
Company B; Second Lieutenant Jac
ques de L. Lafitte, who is on duty with
the National Guard of Louisiana.
Company X ia commanded by Cap
tain Frank H. Edmunds, absent on
duty at St. Johns College, New York
City; First Lieutenant Samson L. Fai-
Bon, absent on duty at West Point,
N. Y.
Major Smith's battalion of two com
panies of the First 5 Infantry, stationed
at Benicia Barracks, will be taken to
the Presidio Sunday so they can leave
Fan Francisco for New Orleans next
Monday evening with the regiment to
which they belong. The Government
Steamer General McDowell will go to
Benitia Sunday to bring the troops
down. At least, that was the arrange
ment made by General Shafter and
Colonel Miles a few minutes before
the general left the city for Bakers
field yesterday.
In the light of subsequent events the
troops may be ordered to remain at
Benicia Barracks until the main col
umn reaches Port Costa.
Immediately after the news came
from Washington yesterday that the
First Infantry had been ordered to New
Orleans, Colonel Miles relieved several
officers from special duty at the Pre
sidio to enable them to go with their
respective organizations. Lieutenant
: Roudiez was relieved of his duty as
post commissary, librarian and officer
:in charge of the Post Exchange. Lieu
tenant Boyd was appointed recruiting
I officer. Dr. Ireland post librarian and
! treasurer, and Lieutenant J. D. Nolan
, as officer in charge of the Post Ex
change. Lieutenant Detchmendy was
; relieved of duty as recruitire: officer.
Desertions uf Charles H. Crutch
field, Company G, and Edward F. Cal
lahan and Jacob Cupp, of Company C,.
were announced on the bulletin at post
headquarters yesterday.
Colonel James M. Moore, assistant
; quartermaster-general, U. S. A., has re- !
ceived telegraphic instructions from
Washington to arrange for the ship
ment of 40,000 pounds of po-wder from
Santa Cruz to the East. The powder
will leave for Eastern points to-day.
The board appointed to formulate a
'. system of fire control for San Fran
: Cisco harbor was in session all day at
department headquarters, in the office
'of the inspector of artillery. To-day
the board will go over to Lime Point
(Fort Baker) for the purpose of mak
ing an Inspection at that place and ob- '
; taining information necessary for fu
! ture work.
The First Infantry was organized un- ;
; der an act of Congress dated March 3,
ISI6, and assigned to duty in the di
vision of the South. Brevet Brigadier
i General Daniel Bissell was its first
colonel; Lieutenant-Colonel George t
Croghan, who afterward became the !
inspector general of the army, was '
made the lieutenant-colonel, and Brevet
Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas K. Jessup,
who was afterward quartermaster-gen
era! of the army, was the major.
The headquarters of the First were
established at Baton Rouge. La., and
i remained in Louisiana until 1828, when
| the regiment relieved the Fifth at Fort i
i Crawford, Fort Snelling and Fort
Armstrong, in Minnestota and Illinois, i
Some of the companies participated in
1 the Black Hawk War of 1X32, under
Colonel Zachary Taylor, who was then
colonel of the regiment.
The First moved to Florida in 1837,
and with the exception of Company C
was present at the battle of Okeechobee
with Seminole Indians, Christmas day,
1837. On this occasion Colonel Taylor
commanded the entire force engaged
and was brevetted brigadier-general for :
distinguished services in the battle. On
the 15th of May, 1838, Colonel Taylor
was put in command of the army of i
I Florida.
Early in the summer of 1841 the First
returned to Its old station in the
Northwest. Headquarters were moved
to Jefferson Barracks. Mo., in 1845. and
the regiment garrisoned that station
and Fort Scott, lie.
During the Mexican "War a part of
the First joined their old commander.
General Zachary Taylor, in Northern
Mexico, and did gallant service at the
capture of Monterey and siege of Vera
Cruz, and afterward garrisoned the
City of Castle, where it remained until
the end of the war.
In 1850 the First was stationed along
the line of the Rio Grande, where it re
mained for many years protecting the
settlers from the invasion of Indians,
protecting their property and stock.
When the Civil War came part of the
First were in Texas and part in the In
dian Territory. The Texas companies,
with the exception of Company G,
which went to Washington and formed
a part of the city guard of that city,
and was afterward attached to the Sec
ond Infantry in the Army of the Poto
mac until after January 31, 1863, joined
the other companies of the regiment at
Fort Leavenworth. These latter com
panies participated in the battle of Wil
son Creek, Mo., sieges of New Madrid.
Corinth and Vicksburg. In the summer
of 1863 the First went to New Orleans,
where it became the provost guard.
. At the close of the war the First went
to Jackson Barracks, where it remain
ed till 1869, actively engaged In the stir
ring events of early reconstruction, in
which it rendered efficient service.
In the early spring of 1869 it was
transferred to the Department of the
Lakes, and In July, 1874, the regiment
was transferred to the Department of
the Dakota, where it remained till June,
1880, when it was sent to the Depart
ment of Texas. Lieutenant Colonel
William R. Shafter was promoted col
onel of the First Infantry March 4,
1879, and served as its colonel for over
eighteen years, to May 3, 1897, when he
was promoted brigadier general.
The Indian outbreak in Arizona in
the spring of 1882 caused the regiment
to be sent to the Department of Arizo
na, where it remained until July, ISB6,
when the regiment was transferred to
the Department of California, In which
department the regiment has been sta
tioned for the past twelve years.
In order to fill the vacancies in the
artillery branch of the army occasion
i «d by the creation of the new artillery
regiments, thirteen additional second
lieutenants of Infantry and cavalry who
were graduated from last year's" class
at West Point have been transferred
to the artillery. This transfer •will cre
ate vacancies which will be filled by
the promotion of the meritorious non
commissioned officers who passed the
competitive examination at Fort Lea
venworth. Kans., last September. Fol
lowing is a list of the successful candi-
I dates for commissions in the army and
[ the order in which they passed: Ser-
I geant S. C. Vestal, Company E, Second
Infantry; Corporal T. H. R. Mclntyre,
Company E. Fifth Infantry; Sergeant
Robert McCleave, First Infantry; Cor
poral R. H. McMasters, Company D,
Tenth Infantry; Corporal C. S. Lin
coln, Company 3, Tenth Infantry; Ser
geant P. H. Mullay, Company F, Fourth
Infantry; Sergeant J. D. Bradley, Co
mpany D Twelfth Infantry.
Of the successful candidates only on«»
is a son of a commissioned officer of
the army, Sergeant Robert McCleave,
sergeant-major First Infantry*, sta
tioned at the Presidio, a son of Captain
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
William McCleave, retired, of Berkeley, 1
Cal.
Sergeant McCleave is 23 years of age, j
a native of New Mexico, and enlisted i
August 15, 1894, at San Francisco. From |
a private in the First Infantry he has ;
been promoted through the grades of
corporal, sergeant, to sergeant-major ,
of the regiment, the highest rank that
can be attained by an enlisted man. In
anticipation of his commission as sec
ond lieutenant at an early date, the
soldiers at the Presidio are making ar- j
rangements to present him with a
sword and belt asa testimonial of their
appreciation of his character among
them as an enlisted man.
The following letter , received yester
day is self-explanatory.
The Editor of the San Francisco Call-
Dear Sir: Will you kindly allow me
space in your paper to reply to an article
published on the third page of Friday s
Examiner, headed, "Many Soldiers Have
Deserted. When War Became Imminent
Fair Weather Fighters Left the Pre
sidio."? It goes on to state: "During the
past few weeks thirty men have left the
Presidio, and Government officers have
been detailed to arrest them. 'As soon as
war seemed imminent, 1 paid one of the
soldiery, *a lot of men disappeared. They
i were soldiers as long as the Government
' fed, clothed and paid them, but when it
i seemed they would have to light they de
i serted. 1 "
The soldiers at the Presidio are indig
nant at the slur cast upon them, and to
a man we resent sui/li untruthful s^ate- j
ments being published, winch originated
In the imagination of a sensational nuws
! paper reporter.
The statement that "during; thp past i
i few weeks thirty men have left the Pre
| sidio and Government officers have been j
! detailed to arrest them' is false. Not
thirty men have deserted from the Pre- :
sidio in the last three and a half months.
! 'i he percentage of desertions at the Pre- j
i sidio is very small, considering that al
most 1000 enlisted men garrison the post
: and the recent gold excitement in Alaska.
Up to the Sth inst. we had no idea that ,
■ we would be called into active service in j
| the East; consequently a motive of cow- j
; axdice can only be applied to the two de- j
, scrtions that have taken place since that |
: date; and it is believed that one of the ;
• deserters will turn up in a day or two. j
All we ask is that we soldiers be given
our just dues. KM.[.ST_J MAN.
I Presidio. Cal., April 15. IS9B.
The first pronounced outward display
1 of patriotic spirit made Itself manifest '
lon the streets yesterday afternoon, ;
shortly after it had been announced ;
that the-regular army had been ordered
to the front. It was in the shape of
two small American silk flags worn on I
the lapel of the coat, and was seen on
hundreds of lapels.
The officers are permitted to leave
their families at the Presidio, retaining*
the houses which they row occupy.
There is no change of station in the
sense that dtlv r troops will come in to
; occupy the quarters. National Guards
men will in all probability be assigned
to duty at the garrison, but the officers
of the State organizations will not oc- I
eupy the dwelling houses at the post. I
The United States troops under orders j
to leave are simply going to the field |
for active service. Household goods !
and furniture need not be disturbed, j
Many of the families will remain here
eagerly awaiting the tidings from the
front.
The departure of the light batteries
and the infantry will not leave the
city without defenders. There still re
main Colonel Morris' superb squadron
of four troops of the Fourth Cavalry,
and no better riders and no abler
fighters are found in the service.
Seven foot batteries of the Third
Artillery, commanded by such gallant !
soldiers as Colonel Miller, Lieutenant- ;
Colonel Randolph and Major Kinzie, ;
will remain to man the modern guns j
of Fort Point. Alcatraz, Angel Island, ;
Fort Mason and Lime Point.
The orders received by General Shaf
ter direct him to turn over to General >
Merriam, commanding the Department j
of the Columbia, the records and ef- ;
fects of this department. The order j
announces that this department will be |
merged in the Department of the Colum- |
bia. It will remain with General Mer
riam to determine . whether the head
quarters shall be in San Francisco.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., April 15.— Troop.-"
from Whipple Barracks left the post
Wednesday afternoon in a train of ten
coaches, bound for Jefferson Barracks.
Mo. At Holbrook station a section
was added to the train filled with two
other companies of the Eleventh Infan- j
try from Fort Apache. The departure J
of troops from Whipple Barracks was ]
viewed with deep regret by the citizens j
of Prescott, many of whom were at the
train to extend parting courtesies to
the officers and men. The post has
since been in charge of a lieutenant and
eleven men, sent from Fort Huar?hua.
i Dr. Porter of Whipple has been or
dered to San Diego and Dr. Evarts to
i El Paso.
FORT SHERMAN, Idaho, April 15.—
! At 8 o'clock to-night Colonel Theaker,
j commanding the Sixteenth Infantry,
| had received no orders to move. A priv
i ate telegram from Lieutenant Cowles
! at Pittsburg brought information that
: the regiment had been ordered South.
The regiment is ready to move on
j short notice. There are five compa
nies here, or about 350 men.
SALT LAKE, Utah. April 15.— The
Twenty-fourth Infantry at Fort Doug
las received marching orders to-night,
I but no time has been designated for the
i move.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., April 15.— The
Eighth Regiment at Fort Russell re
ceived orders at 6 o'clock this evening
to be ready to leave in forty-eight
hours. A Union Pacific train is or
dered to be ready at 8 o'clock to-mor.
row morning.
HAWAII NOT
TO BE SEIZED
Denial of a Report That
Is Being Designedly
Circulated.
No Strategic Advantages Could
Be Derived by Possession
of the Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 15,
The report co industriously circulated
by designing persons that this country
would seize the Hawaiian Islands in
case of war and hoist the flag regard
less of Congress is utterly without
foundation. It can be positively stated
that the administration has no such
design, and if it should attempt to do
this pending ratification of the treaty
of annexation now before the Senate
it would be strongly resented by Con
gress.
The administration would be injured
if it dared to take advantage of the
present emergency to override the
wishes of the American people who are
bitterly opposed to annexation.
Besides no strategic advantages
would accure from the seizure, since all
our ships which would threaten the Phil
ippine Islands are in Chinese waters,
and could not be aided by our posses
sion of the Hawaiian Islands. It is a
canard issued to subserve som£ sinister
purposes.
Further, the arbitrary seizure of these
•islands would prejudice the United
States Government in the eyes of the
world and is not to be thought of at
this time. The administration is too
wise to do such a foolish and lawless
thing.
WAITING FOR A
CALL TO ARMS
Guardsmen Preparing to
Promptly Report for
Active Duty.
The First Infantry May Not Be
the One to Go to the
Presidio.
Oeneral Barrett Expects a Call by
Monday— Warfield Says His
Men Are Ready.
When will it come? How will it
come' Where will we go? '
There is more speculation over those
three questions among the rank and
file of the National Guard just now
than over anything that has happened
since '61. it seems to be an accepted
proposition that there will be war, and,
the only doubtful part of it is, "When
will the order come?"
None, even the highest officers, seem
to know just what the Government will
do; it is only known that the guard
has been ordered to be in readiness, but
for what and for when no one can
fathom. The men of the guard are no
longer play soldiers, even in the eyes of
those who loved the term; they are
drilling conscientiously and with a view
to immediate preparation for action,
and when the call comes full ranks and
well-equipped companies will be on
hund at once.
It is the general impression that the
first militia organization to take up
arms in this jtate will be the naval
reserves. It was reported at th*e drill
on board the Marion last night that ~~.
New York reserves had already been
ordered out and the expectation that
the California organization will follow
almost immedia,tely is gaining in
strength. The California reserves, when
recruited up to the full number, can
put 750 men on board the Government
vessels, many of them well trained and
all properly equipped for service at sea
or service on shore. It is one of the
largest and finest organizations of its
kind in this country, and the enthu
siasm of its ranks is shown by the let
ters that come in from all over the
coast from ex-members, asking to be
taken back under any circumstances as
soon as war shall be declared.
The suspicion is growing that it will
not be the First Infantry of this city
which will be ordered to the Presidio.
The going of the First United States
Infantry will necessitate the garrison
ing of the Presidio with some National
Guard Kegiment, and indications now
point to the fact that it will be the
Fifth Infantry. The Fifth is a regiment
of fight companies anfl includes com
panies in towns and counties about the
bay and outside of San Francisco, Col
onel Fairbanks, its commander, is
senior colonel of the Second Brigade,
and as such he is entitled to first call
for service. Even if this were not the
case, however, it is probable that the
orders would be the same, as there is
a theory, yearly growing stronger, that
militia is of greater use in proportion
to the distance it is taken from home.
Should the Fifth and not the First go
to the Presidio, there is plenty of work
left for the reglmont remaining. It
will be assigned to duty at the Santa
Cruz powder works, which just now is
a thing to be taken care of, and there
is also the arsenal at Benicia wnich
must be garrisoned strongly, for the
companies of regulars which have been
there will be moved out by Monday and
there must be some troops to take and
hold the place.
Word has also come from Marysville
that some one has definite and relia
ble information that the Second Infan
try, located in Chico, Colusa, Nevada
City, Marysville, Redding, Woodland,
Grass Valley and Sacramento, had been
nmined to expect a call for service as
coast guards or as a reserve force
within three days. This is no more
than the local regiment has learned,
however, and the other regiments may
hear the same thing before the three
days are up.
Adjutant-General Barrett arrived in
this city from Sacramento last evening,
and is registered at the California. To
a Call reporter, General Barrett admit
ted that while the object of his visit
was to attend to personal business, he
expected to have a conference with
General Shafter this morning in regard
to the summoning of the National
Guard for active service.
"Up to the time I left Sacramento,"
said General Barrett, "no orders had
been received calling on the State
troops, and I do not look for any before
Monday, but they may come at any
moment.
"If they do they will be responded to
immediately by the entire National
Guard, including the naval battalion,
for orders were issued several days ago
to all the commands to hold themselves
in readiness and the members will ans
wer the first call in short order.
"If any call came from Washington
it would be sent to the Governor, who
would immediately transmit it to my
office, but nothing of the kind had been
received up to 2 o'clock to-day."
General Barrett had not heard any
thing about the troops at the Presidio
having received marching orders, but
said that even if they were ordered
East at once, the probabilities are that
the State troops would not be called
upon until Congress had taken definite
action, and he did not see how that
could be done much before Monday.
"If anybody has a doubt that the
American people are terribly in earn
est in this matter," said General Bar
rett, "he should visit my office and see
tl\e hundreds of tenders of services
that are received daily from all classes
of people. Only yesterday a man about
38 years old, a graduate of West Point,
came to Sacramento from Woodland
and offered himself for enlistment in
I the event of war. He said he was ready
to serve in any capacity from carrying
a musket up. His father was a brig
adier general in the regular service.
This is only a specimen of the men who
are daily seeking to enlist."
General Warfield felt last night as if
war must come. He said he was sim
ply awaiting orders, and that the feel
ing of the militiamen was that they
were ready to obey orders and would be
glad to serve the ccountry when it
calls.
Speaking of equipments and general
chances to get ready to go on short no
tice, he said: "So far as I understand
I the situation, we could have the maxi
< mum number of men ready to go, under
i emergency orders, in from twenty
four to thirty-six hours. We are a lit
tle short on some minor equipments,
\ but that matter would soon be supplied
by the United States. As soon as we
; report to the regular army quartermas
ter he would be able to supply at least
15,000 men with all they need. I have
not yet received any orders from head
! quarters, though I expect to be no
j tified any moment to be in readiness."
Wade Must Serve Time.
SAN JOSE, April 15.— Steve Wade, who
wronped Zelpha Scott and was sentenced
to pay a fine of $3000 or serve 750 days in
tne State prison, will have to serve the
term m San Quentin, as he Is unable to
pay his fine. He w+tt be taken to that
prison to-morrow morning.
WAR FUND TO
BE RAISED BY
POPULAR LOAN
Every American Citizer) Will Have
an Opportunity to Buy Gov
ernment Bonds at Par.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— The number of bondholders in the
United States is likely to be increased very soon. In case a war loan
becomes necessary the people will be given the widest opportunity to
subscribe. While Congress has not yet placed upon the statute books
any act authorizing an issue of bonds in any form, it is known that the
plans are to make the proposed bond issue a "popular loan' in the
widest and fullest sense of the term.
"Congress has, of course, given us no authority in the matter of
a war loan," said Assistant Secretary Vander, talking upon this sub
ject, "but you can safely say that the intention everywhere is, in case
a loan becomes necessary, to give the greatest possible facility for the
masses to become holders of these bonds. The bonds will presumably be
in sums of fifty dollars and multiples, and will be available to any
and all who may choose to send checks, drafts, money orders or any
other device for transmitting money, or who may prefer to deposit the
money with their banker or a sub-treasurer in their vicinity. The
bonds undoubtedly will be offered at par in sizes and quantities to suit
all bidders, and every citizen who desires to assist the Government in
raising money or who desires to invest his money and become a bond
holder will have full opportunity."
"But suppose the subscriptions exceed the amount of bonds of
fered?"
"Then the small bidders will have the first preference. Our desire
— and in this I am sure that everybody in authority joins — Is that bids
of $1000 and under shall be given the preference in the distribution of
the bonds, and that if it is necessary to scale down the bids that pro
cess will be resorted to only in the larger bids. We desire to give
every citizen the greatest possible opportunity to subscribe to any bonds
which it may become necessary to issue, and especially to those who
desire to subscribe in small sums, thus making the issue in the broad
est sense a popular loan."
BAILEY GOES
AFTER REED
The Arraignment of the
Speaker by the Demo
cratic Leader.
The Texan Accuses the Chair of
Being Unfair and Unjust
to the Minority.
The Presiding Officer of the House
Replies Qu.ie:ly and Creates
Considerable Laughter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 15.
Only a single incident in the session
of the House to-day was worthy of
public notice. Bailey, the Democratic
leader, arose to a question of privilege
to reply to a Philadelphia newspaper
criticism charging him with responsi
bility for the disorderly scene in the
House on Wednesday. Bailey said that
a public man v seldom justified in re
plying to criticism, but in this case he
could not, in justice to himself, allow
such a statement to pass without re
ply. He affirmed that if there was any
individual responsible for the scene it
must rest upon the Speaker himself.
He read from the Congressional Record
the report of the colloquy to sustain
his position. As he proceeded with his
arraignment of the Speaker there were
manifestations of suppressed excite
ment on the floor. The Speaker listened
with imperturbable count lance. Bai
ley said:
"Constrained by what I considered
the unfair and unjust treatment of the
chair, I objected and upon that objec
tion arose the scene of the disorder
that is regretted by every member of
this House. But for the results which
followed it the responsibility is upon
the Speaker of this House who sought
a mean, partisan advantage by forcing
his political opponents into a false po
sition. (Applause on the Democratic
side.) And the country ought to know
it. I understand the Speaker of the
House — "
"Is this an arraignment of the Speak
er, or a question of personal privilege?"
interposed Steele (R.) of Indiana.
"The chair does not know, but will
probably soon learn," observed the
Speaker, blandly.
"It is the daily airing the gentleman
gives himself," ejaculated Dalzell (R.)
of Pennsylvania.
"I did not understand the oracular
statement of the gentleman," observed
Bailey.
"Well, then, I will repeat it,", said
Dalzell. "It is the daily airing the gen
tleman gives hii self."
"And that is only the daily falsehood
that men on that side are guilty of,"
retorted Bailey.
"The gentleman has demonstrated
what the papers alleged, that he has
lost his head," Dalzell replied.
"The gentleman from Pennsylvania
says, because I class h!s ungentlemanly
interruption as it ought to be charac
terized, that I have lost my head," said
Bailey. "The truth of it is that he and
his associates imagine that men can be
assailed and called liars and that if
they resent they have lost their heads.
(Cries of "Ah" on the Republican side.)
I have not lost mine now and I did not
lose it then. That a man may lose his
temper under provocation, and under
very great provocation, is a very nat
ural thing; but men may still lose their
tempers and not lose their heads. But
if in order foT a man to preserve his
equanimity and appear cool he must
allow the insults to pass unanswered,
then I prefer to be classed with those
who lose their heads. I would infinitely
rather lose my head in resenting an in
sult than to lose my self-respect by
submitting to one. (Applause on the
Democratic side.) I did not expect a
man belonging to either party to cease
to be a partisan when he became
Speaker of this House, and the Speak
er, whenever occasion offers, exercises
his office for the advantage of his par
ty. I expect the present Speaker to do
it as certainly as any man who ever
occupied the chair, but until a short
while ago I believed that the present
Speaker of this House was as parti
san as an honest man could be and as
honest as a partisan could be; but after
the performances of last Wednesday I
would not be willing to father that
sentiment any longer. I have never
known on a great occasion any more
unfair advantage attempted, and even
if it had succeeded what little advan
tage there was would have passed from
my memory long before the recollection
of the Speaker's partisan action."
(Loud applause on the Democratic
side.)
When Bailey took his scat the Speak
er leaned forw ird slightly and jplied,
speaking slowly and distinctly:
"The chair desires to say that what
ever he has done, the other day, or any
day since the commencement of this
session, has been done in the presence
of the House and of a thousand wit
nesses. He does not feel that it is
necessary for him to discuss his con
duct. (Loud applause on the Repub
lican side.) The gentleman from Texas,
after two days of deliberation, has felt
that his situation demanded discus
sion and explan ition. (Laughter on the
Republican side.) With that idea the
chair entirely agrees. (Laughter.) It
is not the first time that the gentle
man from Texas has assailed me. To
it I have no reply except simply what
the House knew, that the gentleman
from New Yorl. (Qui. g) did mean
an objection really or technically, and
everybody in this House knows it. I
therefore, with reference to this whole
matter, appeal to the witnesses of the
transaction and upon their judgment
the chair rests his justification."
(Laughter an applause on the Repub
lican side.)
Bailey attempted to- reply, but the
regular order was demanded and the
incident closed.
READY WITH
MEN AND GOLD
Washington State Will
Meet All Demands of
the Nation.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
SEATTLE, April 15.— Governor John
R. Rogers was interviewed to-night re
garding the attitude of Washington
State in the event of war. He said:
"The policy of the State administra
tion will be to go slowly, meeting all
the requirements of the law, and, if
the General Government calls for
troops, the State will gladly and cheer
fully furnish its full quota and will
assuredly bear its full share and part
in the conflict. The administration
will endeavor to uphold the proud
name borne by this young State
among the sister States of the repub
lic.
"The National Guard is in very good
shape — remarkably so considering the
limited appropriation* made for Its
maintenance by the last Legislature.
In all probability the General Govern
ment will designate a rendezvous at
Seattle and one at Spokane, where the
militia and volunteers could be as
sembled and mustered in wherever offi
cers were detailed for that purpose. I
am in receipt daily of applications for
enlistment by officers ana privates,
and judging from the tenders of ser
vice made there will be no difficulty in
supplying two or three times the num
ber for which we may be called upon.
"I have been requested to call an ex
tra session of the Legislature to appro
priate $200,000 for war purposes, fol
lowing the example of other States;
but these States are wealthy, while we
are poor and in debt, so you can see
the necessity of making the expendi
tures as small as possible. By this I
do not mean our efficiency will be im
paired, for all demands upon us will
be complied with to the utmost limit
War is expensive, but we will pay our
portion of the general expense in the
general way, and no extra session will
be necessary for that purpose. I will
not sanction loading a large amount
of taxes upon our taxpayers, but with
most efficient service will endeavor to
make the cost as light a 6 possible on
our already overburdened taxpayers "
A REGIMENT OF
THE LEAGUE BOYS.
They Will Fight Under the Stars and
Stripes and Under the
Cross.
The League of the Cross, 760 strong,
has come to the front seeking service
under the flag.
Colonel W. P. Sullivan, commander of
the regiment, offers a veil drilled, well
officered and thoroughly organized
regiment of men, all over 18, and all
ready and willing to so wherever order
ed. The boys are rot equipped except
with the saber, which has been their
weapon during the peaceful years of
their organization, but their colonel de
clares, on being equipped by the Gov
ernment, they will be fit to range up
alongside of any regiment in the State.
The roster of the regiment has been
carefully gone over to choose the men
old enough and capable enough to serve
and the result \s the organization
which Colonel Sullivan offers for ser
vice.
«.
Mr. Gladstone's Condition.
LONDON, April 15.— The bulletin Issued
this morning regarding the health of Mr.
Gladstone announced that he was bold
ing his ground and suffering less.
PRESSURE OF
THE POWERS
It May Be Brought to
Bear Upon President
McKinley.
Europe Will Try to Prevent
Him Signing Intervention
Resolutions.
Spain Is Also Preparing Plans by
Which the Dons Hope to Secure
Sympathy Abroad.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 15.— A Washing
ton special to the Heralf 1 says: Eu
ropean intervention in the Cubar ques
tion will be largely determined by the
character of the action taken by Con
gress. This much is certain. Repre
sentatives of powers here are equally
certain that no further pressure will
be exerted upon Spain to secure addi
tional concessions. If pressure should
be determined upon by the powers It
will be brought to bear upon President
McKinley, and it will be employed with
a view to preventing him from approv
ing any resolution which contains a
recognition of independei.ee of Insur
gents, who, he declared in his message
to Congress, possessed none of the at
tributes of a sovereign people.
On the other hand, it is doubtful If
the great powers of Europe will unite
in another note to the President in case
a resolution such as suggested by Mr.
McKinley in his message or even that
passed by the House should be pre
sented to him for action. It is felt by
the members of the diplomatic corps
that the He use resolution while direct
ing interven.ion would not necessarily
precipitate war, because it mereiy "au
thorizes and empowers" the President
to employ the land and naval forces to
execute the purpose of the resolution.
The representatives of France, Aus
tria and Italy, the powers taking th«
most interest in the matter, believe that
the President in urging Congress to
authorize the. taking of measures to
"secure in the island the establishment
of a stable government," thereby ex
pressed his willingness to permit Spain
to retain her flag in Cuba, and had no
Intention of annexing Cuba or of driv
ing a European power out of the Amer
ican continent.
In addition to the address which will
be delivered when the Cortes meets in
extraordinary session on Wednesday
next, Spain, it is expected in official
diplomatic circles here, will instruct her
Embassadors at the courts of Europe
to call attention to what she will term
the unjust imputation cast upon her by
the American Court of Inquiry and by
the President of the United States in
his message, and finally the terrible
accusation made by the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations that she is
criminally responsible for the destruc
tion of the battle-ship Maine.
The result of such a note it is not diffi
cult to foresee. The representatives
of the gTeat powers believe that it will
more than ever arouse the sympathy
of Europe, to be followed or to be, per
haps, anticipated by prompt action
should the Congress of the United
States pass a resolution to grant the
insurgents a recognition of their inde
pendence.
Each of the European representatives
to-day transmitted to his Government
a copy of the report of the Senate
Committee on FoTeign Relations. While
there was no undue activity displayed
by any of the representatives to-day it
is known that they have been in com
munication, but nothing can be done
until instructions are received from
their respective Governments, upon the
advice transmitted as a result of the
conference yesterday, and which will
be sent as soon as the resolution of in
tervention passes Congress.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It Did Me So Much Good
My faith in Hood's Sarsaparilla became
very strong. I was very much run
down, had dyspeptic symptoms and
was a victim of malaria. My stomach
rebelled at the simplest food. I
thought I needed a good spring tonic,
so began taking Hood's Sarsaparilla.
I soon knew it was purifying my
blood and giving it good circulation,
and I am now better and stronger
than I ever expected to be. I cheer-
fully recommend Hood's Sarsapariila.
MRS. W. KANE, Media,. Pa.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
T« America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six
Jor If Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co.,
Lowell. Mass. - ■■
n .»„ p:tlc cure - Liver Ills; easy to
flOOfl S rlllS take, easy to operate. 25c
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FIFTH TRIP
STR. HUMBOLDT,
Most Popular Steamer on Alaska Route.
Sails for
FORT "WRANGEL. • JUNEAU, SKAGUAT
. and DYEA, via Seattle. No Transfer.
ON OR ABOUT APRIL 25. '
. POPULAR RATES. . „
JOHN A. MAGEE JR., Agent,
310 Clay Street.
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLtl
i specialist Private, Nervous. and Skin
Disease of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
V rB^ perience - Send for Book, free, i'»tien»
I .Jv?°?!i Terms reasonable. Hoars, 9 to 3
dallv,6:3otoB.3ocv'cs. Sundays. 10 to 12. O.nsalu-
ciouiree and aacredly confldentla 1 . Call or address
"_ P. boscoe JleSllXT. ■. i>..
»«>4 Krai Street. San rrueiuu. Cjji,
LIQUOR HABIT OR DRUNKENNESS
CURED . AT HOME. Full particulars, sealed.
Guaranteed Cure. Cheap. Address .
ROYAL CHEMICAL CO.,
Box 406, Lima, aWARLIKE
STAND OF
SENATORS
Majority Favor Reco£ni=
tion of the Independ=
ence of Cubans.
We Stand as the Sentinel of
Liberty on the Western
Hemisphere.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, April 15.
The Senate of the United States is
still In the throes of discussion of the
Hlspano-American crisis. While the
Senate talks the people of the country
— of the civilized world— await its ver
dict. That verdict will be returned in
accordance with an agreement reached
late to-night some time during the j
legislative day of to-morrow. That
legislative day may extend Into Sun- i
day.
• After the debate had continued for !
eight hours to-day an effort was made |
to reach an agreement to begin the vote
upon all of the pending resolutions at
7 o'clock to-morrow evening and in the
confused colloquy among Senators
there was made manifest for the first
time a disposition to filibuster. Caf
fery of Louisiana, although disclaiming
any intention to delay action unduly, '
objected to any agreement to the fixing
of a time to vote.
The debate then proceeded, but in
a few minutes Wellington of Mary- ,
land entered a motion to adjourn. This ;
was defeated by the decisive vote of 61
to 10. The emphatic manner in which
the decision was reached indicated a I
determination on the part of those Sen
ators who desired immediate action to
endeavor to force the Senate to re
main in continuous session either until
the question was finally disposed of or
until an agreement had been reached
for a vote to be taken at some specific
time in the future to be measured by
hours.
At 8 o'clock to-night another effort
was made to reach an agreement to
adjourn, but, it. too, was unavailing.
The scene in the Senate this afternoon
as to the war of words that was being 1
waged was a memorable one. This
will pass into history as one of the :
great days of the Senate. Thronged ;
galleries looked down upon the half
circular chamber below.
There were assembled scores of men
who had written pages of American
history. With one exception . every
member of the Senate was there and
the exception, Walthall of Mississippi,
was confined to his bed, ill. Among the
distinguished audience were a hundred
cr more of the members of the House
of Representatives, Justices of the
Supreme Court, members of the Presi
dent's Cabinet and others prominent
in the life of the country.
It was an inspiring— a historic scene,
and one rarely witnessed even in this ;
country of great and notable assem- j
blages The speeches were brilliant.
The debate, beginning at the unusually !
early hour of 10 o'clock, continued un
til far into the night, and yet the j
throngs remained as if held under some j
B *Despite the lowering clouds, which
threatened rain at any moment, and de-
BDite too, the unusually early hour of
convening, the Senate galleries were
thronged this morning when the \ ice-
Prenldent's gavel fell precisely at 10
o'clock. Indications before the Senate
convened were that the debate would be
prolonged, perhaps far into the night, as
It was the expressed intention of Chair
man Davis to enforce a continuous ses
sion until the pending resolutions were
disposed of. , ,
When the Senate adjourned last night
the Vice-President had before him a list
of twenty-three Senators who had ex
pressed their Intention to address the
Senate upon the momentous question be
fore it. Whether all of them will avail
themselves of the opportunity to talk
Is somewhat problematical, as a dozen or j
more have announced that they will not
stand In the way of an early vote.
At the suggestion of Davis the morning I
business was laid aside and the Senate
resolutions on Cuba were laid before the
B< ate. . 
Cull' m of Illinois delivered a carefully
prepared speech covering the general Cu
ban question. After directing attention |
to his own record in the Senate upon the
Cuban matter, cullom declared that the
hour for action by this country was about
to strike. Step by step Spain had been
pushed away from the Western Hemi
sphere, and now she was about to lose
another, and the chief, gem of her co
lonial possessions. If Spain should be
permitted to pursue her course In Cuba
she would go on without remorse and
destroy, if possible, the patriots to the
last man. Her black crimes call aloud
for vengeance, and that vengeance will
be taken by the American people in the
Interests of humanity.
Cullom reviewed the circumstances of
the Maine disaster, and declared that it
was an act of "deliberate and atrocious
murder." The people throughout the
country were demanding that that crime
should be resented and that the avenging
blow should be struck without delay.
"And if Spain should resent our action,"
said the Senator, "we shall not hesitate
to take up the gantlet and to appeal to
the god of battles and to mankind to jus
tify our action. We now propose to do
our duty to God and man and to force
Spain to withdraw her forces and flag
from, the island." After making an ex
tended argument for immediate action, in
the course of which he paid a high tri
bute to President McKinley, Cullom con
cluded as follows:
"Thanks to the unwavering sense of
Justice of the people of the United States
the murderers and outlaws who now
make a brief show of authority will soon
become Incommunicado until justice shall
be satisfied and the avenging angel shall
write the verdict and sentence; and if the
people of this country shall do nothing
more in this century than drive these
barbarians Into the Caribbean Sea. we
shall earn the praises of every lover of
freedom and humanity the world over."
Berry of Arkansas was recognized im
mediately after the conclusion of Culom's
speech. He prefaced his remarks by stat
ing ■ ! at as a Senator of the United States
he was present in his seat on the upper
floor of Congress to uphold .and support
the President of the United States in
his efforts to bring peace out of the chaos
now existing. He wanted to -vote for the
resolution offered by Turple, which prom
ises to recognise the Independence of the
present republic of Cuba. He thought
this was absolutely essential to place the
country on an honorable footing before
the nations of the world.
"You can vote the resolution down.
You may pass the resolution offered by
the majority of the Committee on For
eign Relations, or you may adopt the
House resolution, but whatever resolution
is adopted I will be found supporting the
hands of the President."
He spoke of the nearness of the war,
and said to bring victory to the American
arms it was absolutely necessary to give
the President aid and comfort, which was
needed In this hour of greatest trial, .ne
then, with an impassioned outburst,
pledged the South to loyalty to the flag.
While he would reserve his judgment until
the record had been made up of the valor
of the Southern soldiers, he believed that
record would be imperishable in the hla-
Tory of modern civilization, and at the
close of some glorious day, with the stare
and stripes (lying over the J ' lln ?, of
desolated Cuba, th« valor of the Southern
soldier would stand side by sldo with the
valor of his Northern comrades.
There was applause In the pUleriea
upon the conclusion of Berry s speech,
which brought Cockerell of Missouri to
his feet with a protest against such a dis
play of commendation and v request tlmt
the Vice-President announce to the gal
leries that the Senate could not be turned
into a beer garden. Accordingly, tho pre
siding- officer Impressively informed the
Immense concourse of people present that
they would have to observe the dignity
of the Senate or the galleries would be
cleared.
Daniel of Virginia was next recognized.
His fame as an orator Is known, and
there was craning of necks on tho part
of the people in the galleries to listen to
the opening sentences which fell from the
lips of the distinguished Virginian. "We
stand upon the edge of war. This nation
Is one, with the sword in its hand, and
if tne word that now hesitates upon the
lips be spoken and the command 'For
ward!' be given, upon some proud day the
stars and stripes will be waving over
Morro Castle and Cabanas Prison.
He Bald he had been for peace, bur
that time appeared to have gone by. and
he wanted to do everything possible to
support the President In the "needs of the
hour.
"I wish," said Daniel, "to cast my vote
in my good time without pressure behind
me. "War will wait a day. Possess your
selves in peace, gentlemen, while the aw
ful issue of war or peace Is decided. The
men who declare this war are the men
who will prosecute it in the field. They
are not the men who will sustain the
gory and bullet-torn tatters of a flag.
They are not the men who will pay the
taxes imposed to carry on the war. Let
the Senate go on in its own measured
tread, amid no rancorous scenes. Wo
speak not as a party of men. but as men
who are to arm the executive of this
Government strongly and well to per
form a great duty as we see it."
Daniel said that he was content neither
with the House resolution nor with tho
Senate committee's resolution. "In my
judgment," said he, "oui first step
should be to write on the statute book
of the country a recognition of the Cuban
republic, which won a place among th
independent nations by its own valiant
sword."
Daniel went on to say that the inter
pretation he placed upon the recom
mendation of the President was that th
United States should lay hostile hand
both on Spaniards and Cubans to stop
the rebellion, instead of upholding the
insurgents In. their grand fight for 111)
ertv.
"I would hang my head in shame. . do
clared Gray. Impressively, "if I believed
to be true the susofcion which the Sena
tor from Virginia. harbors. I believe him
to be absolutely and eternally wrong."
"When the Senator Informs me." re
sponded Daniel, "that the President of
the United States does not have the de
sire to crush the Cubans under the gal
lant Gomez, I will say to him that it is
more than a suspicion.'
"I am not glad to hear this," replied
Gray, "because I do not believe there Is
a single man within the confines of this
broad country, except the Senator from
Virginia, who harbors in his heart BO
Lase a suspicion against the President of
the United States."
Daniel said that we were not speaking
Spanish in this body; that everybody had
to come out in the pure air and the sun
shine, and he made the direct charge
that the President had invoked the power
of Congress, the use of the army and
navy, to compel Gomez and his gallant
band of insurgents to lay down their
arms instead of driving Spain from the
i island.
"I believe," said he, "that the recogni
tion of the Cuban republic is necessary
at this juncture as a peace measure and
as a war measure."
Following the colloquy between Gray
| and Daniel concerning terms in the lat
ter's speech and concerning the meaning
of the; President's f message. Gray said:
"There Is one # ;truce — one armistice —
that I want, and that is a truce between
the present parties of this country until
we can settle our account with Spain."
(Prolonged applause.)
As Tillman of South Carolina arose to
address the Senate, there was a commo
tion in the galleries, and a wheeling about
of chairs of Senators on the floor. Till
man said he simply desired to express
hi.-; views upon the momentous question
now before the Senate, in his own way
and in his own time. Haste in such a
crisis he did not deem advisable.
"There is to be war in any event," he
declared, "unless Spain ignominiously
backs down: but the exigencies of the
situation are not so pressing but we may
have opportunity to say to the world
what we mean and to make clear our
position.
"Populists, L/emocrats and Republicans
are we".
'Bui we are all Americans to make
Cuba free.
"At least I hope we are," he continued,
i amid laughter. He said that the senti
ment for Cuban freedom pulsated in the
heart of every true American,' He dis-
I claimed any purpose to discuss the ques
tion from a partisan standpoint, but de
clared his intention to present the facts
as he viewed them to the people.
"I regret," he said, "that I cannot rise
to the high and pure plane which the
j Senator from Delaware (Gray) claims to
have' attained. I have suspicion in my
nature, and have learned that angels on
earth are few and far between. I am
satisfied that we seldom hear the flutter
of their wings In this chamber." (Laugh
ter.)
Discussing the criticisms which have
been made of the delay .in action by the
Senate.-. Tilman maintained that inas
much as the President had taken hist' own
good time to pass upon the question of
the hour, the responsibility . for delay
could not lie against the Senate, and he
appealed to his colleagues to proceed In
dignity and honor.
With a sharp voice Tillman said It was
the suspicion of double dealing that sur
rounded the message of the President,
and which needed the Senate to make the
cause of the war as clear as sunshine.
He said he wished to God he had no sus
| picion of dark dealings and midnight pioc-
I ting. He inquired why the President
wanted the House resolution passed In
stead of the Senate.
"We arc ev^n threatened with a ye
if we dare proclaim on the independ
ence of the island of Cuba," he declared
He made the direct charge that the
House and Senate had practically agreed
upon the form of a resolution to be pre
sented simultaneously to both bodies
pending the reception of the message,
and he called upon the members of the
Committee on Foreign Relations to deny
the truthfulness of that statement.
The Senator waited a moment for an
interruption, but It did not come.
"If the resolution as reported by a ma
jority of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations was adopted it would give the
President the right to determine who the
Cuban people were and th« manner of
their government. ■•■ •■-■_.
"Who is going to constitute the re
turning board? Who are going to count
the votes?" said the Senator in one of his
crescendo periods. He spoke feelingly of
the person of the President. He said he
believed -him to' be a good man— a con
scientious citizen— but he was surrounded
by men whom he; (Tillman) suspected to
I have very wicked partners.
"The wholjs world is becoming a slave
THE SAN FBA^CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APKIL 16, 1898.
STRATEGIC MOVEMENTS OF THE OREGON.
Unusual Course Followed by the Battle-Ship in Order to Deceive
Spanish Naval Authorities.
"Where is the Oregon?" lfl a question now frequently asked. She left Callao, Peru, on the 9th lnßt. to continue
her Journey south and around from the Pacific to the Atlantic. She was expected to call at Valparaiso, where her
smaller consort, the Marietta, arrived on the Bth, leaving again the second day after, and, though in due courae
Bhe should have been at that port some days ago, she has not yet put in an appearance.
It will be remembered that when the Oregon started Bouth the swift Temerario, one of the best torpedo-boats
in the Spanish navy whose captain is said to be a dare-devil, was lying at Montevideo. When the battle-ship left Cal
lao the Spaniard took on a full supply of coal and made ready for sea, and it was feared that It was his Purpose to
meet the American either in the Straits of Magellan or near the Atlantic entrance thereto, where he would be able
to give her a great deal of trouble, if not a fatal blow.
It seems however he will have no opportunity of doing so, for according to a naval authority who has studied
the situation and kept well up with the movements of both vessels, the big battle-ship must be now well into If not
has been fully alive to the situation. Instead of having the battle-ship touch at Valparaiso and
take on sufficient coal for the run to Montevideo or Buenos Ayres, he had her take on at Callao enough for the run
to <*andy Point a coaling station within the straits, and keep well away from Valparaiso on her run south. The
Marietta was sent into that port for news and then left to join the Oregon in the straits.
A good supply of coal is always carried at Sandy Point, which is a Chilean penal settlement, and the Oregon
can there get enough to take her on up to Rio or even Pernambuco without going near Montevideo and the Temer
ario There is no telegraph at any point of the trip from Valparaiso to the Rio Negro, just below Montevideo, so the
Oreeon would have no news later than the departure of the Marietta from Valparaiso, while the Temerario at Mon
tevideo could have it up to the day and knowing the time of the American's leaving Valparaiso and her average rate
of travel could well take her unawares when she chose. It is now more than probable that we will have within the
next few days news of the Oregon's safe arrival at Rio or some point higher up the coast.
to the bondholders. Our action in this
great crisis Is predicated upon the de
mand of the syndicate that controls every
avenue of trade and commerce Ihe bond
of the corporation in stronger than tnu
man— the sinister effect of the dollar 1
paramount in this Capitol."
He Inquired if the hypnotic influences
abroad in the land would obtain and if
under the narcotic sleep, Cuba wuu'd Ik
saddled with a debt not of her owp rncos
ing. "We propose to take pofts*-**w»n o
Cuba as the polUeman of the Western
Continent," was one of his most ueclara
tive utterances. Then, with lnriection ris
ing at the termination of each WOTO, h«>
"Bonds! Bonds! Bonds! Nothing bu
bonds throughout the message." He said
thai whatever resolution was paused, wa
w:is inevitable. "My people do not wan
war God knows they wouM rather nay
peace. They have seen the horrors o
war. Their fairest flowers wira given fo
burial purposes. Our one jewel was eenl
back io us for interment. We havo had
our fill of blood-letting; but the great
follow feeling of sympathy has i?on" out
to the men of the Maine, and the lighted
fuse which caused the explosion of the
bomb under the Maine has relighted, and
the blood of our revolutionary sires, try
ing lorougb. the men of South Carolina.
demands Justice for the assassinswho sent
our brave sailors to an untimely death."
In marked contrast to the speech of
Tillman was the address of Wolcott of
Colorado, who followed. In opening Wol
cott said that it had not been his inten
tion to participate in the debate on the
resolutions under discussion till yester
day, when reflections upon the person of
the chief executive brought him to a
realizing sense that justice ought to be
! done the honored President in his hour
of great trial. Prefacing his discussion
of the question at issue, he stated that
ho would vote for the committtee resolu
i tion. He then characterized as almost
criminal the aspersions made by Sena-
I tors on the floor against the chief ex
1 ecu tive.
."The popular clamor patriotic in the
| extreme, has been unreasonable, and the
' condition of affairs as we find it today."
■ he said, "is largely due to a degraded
journalism, indulged in among those in
i nigh station, a journalism which sought
! to plunge the country into war in order
' to sell a few more copies of the newspa-
S er. Our beloved President, respected
y the people of th<- United States, has
smelled the smoke of battle, but in all
! he has shown Christian forbearance, the
i same which he has reflected in the
. handling of this most diplomatic of sub
i jects."
He regretted, he said, that diplomacy
had failed to bring order out of the chaos
existing. "We know not me finesse of
this diplomacy. We speak from our
! hearts in the open, and it is through us
that the President in his trying position
must be upheld."
He spoke of the two phases of the situ
' ation. the .condition in Cuba and the de
' struction of the Maine. If the two sub-
I jects had been separate, he continued, the
i necessity of war might have been avoid
■ ed If the awful barbarities in Cuba,
i which had aroused the pity of all man
' kind, had stood alone, there might have
been a solution of the problem.
For himself, he would have cared little
, what burden it entailed. He would have
1 been willing to mortgage every citizen,
:If only peace could be preserved. But
Spain refused to yield. And then. when,
added to that, came the awful explosion
in Havana harbor, the die was cast. Af
i ter that what could be said? "If even
i that catastrophe had stood alone, possi
bly war might have been averted. But
not by any methods Spain has thus far
pursued." he added, his voice ringing
■ dear as a bell. "From the day of the
explosion to this. Spain has done noth
ing except to make the most perfunctory
expressions of regret. She has made no
i attempt to exculpate herself or to re
' dress the wrong. If Spain freed Cuba
! to-day, we would have offered up 266
I American sailors on the altar of her
! freedom. War must come or Cuba must
Ibe free. No other answer will be ac
| cepted by our people. The honor of a
i nation must be inviolable. Defended,
i preserved, held sacred, a nation lives on.
The loss of It. the trading of it, the aban
i donment of it, makes ct nation die and
' perish from the earth. This is why, in
! this hour, good men. loving peace, see no
way under heaven how war can be avoid
ed ' It is fitting that we pledge ourselves
in advance before the nations of the
world that our hands are clean and our
cause just; that the war is a war in the
Interest of humanity, war for the suffer
ing and oppressed.
"Personally I regret that there cannot
be found in Cuba a government we can
recognize. I wish we could. For there
Is undeniable danger in these days of
syndicates and commercialism that men
who play upon human life as they do ou
loans and chattels for the advancement
of selfish interests will seek to glut their
greed here.
"In the eyes of every man in Europe
we must be free from ulterior motives,"
he went on, "if we are to preserve their
respect and our own. There is nothing
nobler at tne end of the nineteenth cen
tury than a nation erect and defiant
standing for human liberty. No concert
of Europe can choke our utterance or
turn us from our resolution. As a free
people wo can hear, but we must not
beed 1 <Jo not believe It. It is a poor
statement to follow 2000 years of the
teaching: of Christ. Spain has drained
her resources of men and money. If we
had sent a million of men and spent a
billion of money this country would he
as depleted as she is. And yet we are
asked to whet our appetite? for war upon
her. It would tie lik.' a man kicking a
cripple, fearing that the cr.itch might
hurt, and afterward asking for the plaud
its of the crowd. u<; have heard many
people say that the Spaniards are cow
ants. It is not true. From ihe days of
Alva and Pizarro to the days of Weyler
they have been brutal in their conduct,
but they have been courageous and brave,
and when we enter upon this war we do
not want to fool ourselves or the youth
of the land with the idea that we are to
meet cownrds or cowardice. This war
upon which we are entering; can bring us
no national gain. It will result in the loss
of m.. ilons to our commerce.
"It will sweep our ships from the sea
and we will leave thousands of our young
mf-n dead from fevers and disease in the
tropics. All this must be counted In ad
van. •. :l r,d we have counted h. I believe
the day of Cuban freedom ha:< come, but
when we have achieved 'the victory, there
will be no territory to indemnify us for
our sacrifices, because we do not want
territory. There will be no money to in
demnify us because Spain is bankrupt.
We must find our supreme satisfaction for
our blood and treasure in relieving the cry
of suffering and the cause of humanity.
This war must be fought because, in the
eyes of the world, we stand as the senti
nel of liberty on the Western hemisphere,
and because if we fail to listen to the ;
voice of the suffering and downtrodden
w. will be untrue to the principles upon
which the Government is founded, as
A wave of applause swept over the gal
leries p.s Wolcott concluded, and thi3
(1. ni'mstration almost resulted in che
clearing of the galleries.
Cockrell (D.) of Missouri demanded
that this be done, but various Senators
on the floor interposed, among them Hoar
■ ( Massachusetts, who called attention to
the fact that the most flagrant violation
of ihe rule inhibiting such demonstrations
had been encouraged by the example of
S-iatnrs on the floor.
At this point Morgan of Alabama gave
notice that he would move to lay all
amendments on tne table.
As Spooner was recognized the scene
in the chamber was a notable one. The
wrong of auditors both in t..e galleries
and on the floor had greatly increased,
and among them were many of national
fame and prominence. Including members
of tne Supreme Courc.
In conclusion, speaking of the destruc
tion of the Maine, Spooner said: "That
there was Spanish complicity in the blow-
Ing up of the Maine, that Spain is respon
sible for that awful horror, that gigantic
murder, under our flag, no American
doubts ' and It would be in a righteous
cause that above our ships of war, when
they enter the harbor of Havana, the
signaled legend will float: 'Remember the
Maine! Remember the Maine:' "
I'pon the conclusion of Spooner's speech
Ixorman suggested an adjournment until
to-morrow morning, with an agreement
to vote at 7 o'clock to-morrow night.
\» eliington of Maryland moved to ad
journ, but the motion was defeated, 10—61.
Chilton of Texas secured th-» floor, only
to be interrupted by Hale of Maine, who
moved to adjourn.
White protested against the seeming
effort to rush the Senate to a vote. Hoar
protested against the tax which he be
lieved was to be placed upon the, health
and endurance of some or the Senators,
himself among others.
Hale however, withdrew his motion to
adjourn until Ohllton, securing the floor,
spoke until 8:30 p. m.
Teller of Colorado followed. He an
nounced at the outset that he would vote
for an amendment recognizing the inde
pendence of Cuba. It meant war. and
the step should be taken with the full
knowledge of that fact. He thought we
were fairly well prepared for hostilities.
and at this moment he congratulated
himself that he had always in the past
supported measures looking to the prop
er defense of the country to meet any
contingency. He also congratulated
himself that no act of his had contrib
uted to the dire calamity that we faced,
and that he had by no act of his em
barrassed or sought to embarrass the ex
ecutive He believed the Maine was
blown up by Spanish agencies. Before
that occurrence he had not believed that
war was necessary. If the executive had
recognized the belligerency of the Cuban
Insurgents our present position would
have been avoided. The President, in his
message, admitted that the war had ex
isted for three years. If the present ex
ecutive or his predecessor had said that
before the Maine was destroyed, war,
with all its horrors, would have been
averted.
War was an awful thing to contem
plate. No one could tell what would han
pen to our battle-ships or how many of
the brave youth of tnc land would go to
their death In the fever-stricken districts
of Cuba. Spain had already sent three
times as many soldiers to Cuba to sup
press the revolution as Great Britain had
sent to put down the American revolu
tion, yet the United States declined for
these years and months to recognize the
existence of a state or war. But It was
Idle now to regret idle opportunities. But
the war must not be laid at his door or
at the door of those who had acted with
him in urging the recognition of belliger
ency months ago. uid not desire to
criticize the President, but he did not
B£ree with those who believed Senators
should surrender their Judgment to the
executive.
Teller declared that there must b.<" no i
interference by the allied powers of Eu- !
rope. It they attempted that, we would j
fight the world. We should declare it
with all the vigor of our Anglo-Saxon
blood and our 'iU.wW.uuO of people, and if
we did, the world would not attempt to
lay Its hands upon us.
The applause that greeted this state
ment wits suppressed by the Vice-Presi
dent.
When Teller concluded, another effort
to reach an agreement and adjourn was
made by Jones of Arkansas, and this time
with success, but it led to the most excit
ing incident of the day. The lie was ;
passed, as it was in the House on
Wednesday, and while no unseemly uis
order, such as disgraced the House, fol
lowed, the sensation it caused was quite
as profound. Jones proposed that the
Senate adjourn until to-morrow at 10
o'clock, and that to-morrow White of
California, Caffery of Louisiana and Wel
lington of Maryland, who are opposed to
any action by Congress, and whose view
of "the Question had not yet been pre
sented, be allowed four hours, other Sen
ators to be confined to fifteen minutes
each, with the exception of Platt of Con
necticut, who should be given half an
hour. After some explanations, Senators
Caffery. White and Wellington in turn
gave their consent. Money of Mississippi
thf ught the agreement ought to include
provision for a vote. "We are in the
attitude of a man who has lifted his arm
to strike," said he, "and afraid to strike
the blow."
"I suggest," observed White, "that
those who seem so anxious to fight have
consumed all the time."
This caused a suppressed ripple of
laughter, alter which .money yielded to
the solicitatio'is of those about him, and
said he would not object. All looked se
rene, when Chandler of New Hampshire,
who is given to rather vitriolic jests on
occasions, dropped a rerifark that caused
an explosion such as the dignified Senate
| has never witnessed in many years.
"I know the Senator from Mississippi,"
i he observed, with a quizzical smile on his
countenance, "does not wish to vote on
this question until he has heard the Sen
ator from Maryland (Wellington) in
full." me strong emphasis was on me
i last two words. Wellington Jumped to
| his feet and, turning angrily upon Chan
i dler, announced sharply that he did not
! relish the "pleasantry" of the Senator
from New Hampshire. [Laughter.]
"I do not intend to intimate that it is
necessary for the Senator from Missis
sippi to hear what I have to say about
tnis matter; but I represent in part one
of the sovereign States of this Union. I
j have sat here and listened to the Senator
from Mississippi when he returned as
' one of the agents of the newspapers In
New YorK, and I believe that the people
of Maryland—"
Money was on his feet. He was stand
ing in the rear of the Democratic benches,
about fifty feet away from Wellington,
who, with flushed face, occupied a con
spicuous position immediately to the left
of the Vice-Presidenfß cnalr.
"Mr. President, I want to correct the
Senator from Maryland." he observed.
"The remark that he just made Is abso
lutely untrue."
"I waat to say to the Senator from Mis
1 sissippi that the Journal had said that
its commissioner had returned," replied
Wellington.
"I do not care what the Journal said,"
retorted Money.
Wellington— lf there is any untruth in
the statement it was made by the news
paper.
"I am correcting you, not the Journal,"
retorted Money. I say the remark you
make is not true."
"I make the remark as the Journal gave
it," again retorted Wellington, doggedly.
"Then you make it on your own re
sponsibility," cried Money, his whole
frame quivering with suppressed emotion,
his arm outstretched defiantly toward
I the Senator from Maryland.
"I do make it upon my own responsibil
ity." replied Wellington with a flash.
"Then you lie," came from the Missis
sippi Senator so quickly that it sounded
like an echo or a crack of a pistol after
the flash of the explosion.
Th Senate was electrified. Senators
looked at each other in blank amaze
ment, and the galleries rose en masse and
leaned over as the two Senators faced
each other.
When quiet was restored, an agreement
wab reached that the final vote on the
Cuban resolutions be taken before the
Senate adjourn to-morrow.
St<wart of Nevada took the floor and
made a speech in favor of recognizing
the Cuban republic
A, the conclusion of Stewart's speech
the Senate, on motion of Davis, adjourned
at 10:45 p. m. until 10 a. m. to-morrow.
MILES TO
SOON TAKE
THE FIELD
First Headquarters of the
Army Commander to
Be at Atlanta.
Generals Shatter, Wade, Coppin
ger and Brooke Assigned Po»
sitions in the South.
Call Office. Rlggs House,
Washington, April 15.
Instructions to the commanding offi
cers of the regiments ordered to move
wore sent out liite to-day with direc
tions that they be put Into effect as
poon as possible, It Is the confident ex
pectation of the officials that the
movement In some places will begin to
morrow. The railroad facilities, the
officials say, are more than ample to 1
meet the demands of the occasion Find
no trouble will be occasioned In mob
ilizing this large body of men at the
places designated within a reasonably
short space of time.
The formidable order of General
Miles, after providing for the move
ment of troops as stated In the forego
"The commanding general, Depart
ment of the Colorado, will deta:l a
company of the Fifteenth Infantry to
proceed to Fort Wingate and take «ia
tlon at that poet. At posts from which
the whole garrison Is withdrawn an of
ficer and a detail of two men from
each company will be left in charge of j
the post. All transportation will ac
company the troops. The necessities
of the post from which all public trans
portation is withdrawn will be provided
by hired transportation through the
quartermaster's department. Troops
will be provided with thirty days 1 field ;
rations and necessary camp equip-
Secretary Alger also selected the
commanders of the divisions of the
army that are to assemble at the j
places named, all of whom are well
known for this service in the military
branch of the Government. For the
division at New Orleans, Brigradier
General W. B. Shafter of San Francis
co, in command of the Department of
California, was designated; for that at |
Tampa, Brigadier General J. F. Wade,
now in command of the Department of
the Dakotas at St. Paul, Minn.; for i
Mobile, Brigadier General J. J. Cop- '
pinger, now on duty in command of
the Department of the Missouri at
Omaha, Nebr.; while for the post at
Chickamauga, Major Gneral J. R.
Brooke, in command of the Depart
ment of the Lakes, with headquarters
at Chicago, was chosen. These officers
have authority to take with them to
their new commands their entire staff
of officers and a quartermaster. These
latter, however, presumably will pro
ceed to their prospective assignments
for the purpose of making all neces
sary arrangements for camp grounds
and many other requirements incident
to the presence and operation of any
army.
The command of the army will de
volve upon Major General Nelson A.
Miles, who is now at the head of the
military branch of the Government.
His temporary headquarters, it is said,
will probably be at Atlanta, where
General Graham, who has command of
the Department of the Gulf, is now lo
cated. General Miles' permanent head
quarters will depend entirely upon the
developments of the campaign. He will
leave the city soon for his new duties.
Three regiments of Infantry and
four of cavalry are not included in the
mobilization orders, for the reason that
they are either a great distance from
the center of operations, are needed in
the section of the country in which
they are located or are in a location
where they can be readily summoned.
SAMPSON'S MEN
Seamen at Key West Be
lieve They Will Soon
Be in Action.
Hail With Delight the Order
lor a Mobilization of the
Army.
Special Dlspatrh to The Call.
KEY WEST, Fla., Aril 15.— A special
to the Herald says: Bulletins received
to-day announcing that orders have
been issued putting the regular army
into motion for points on the southern
coast have again revived the spirits of
the officers and men of Captain Samp
son's fleet. "This looks* like business,"
was the comment heard to-night
aboard the ships and ashore.
As already pointed out in the Herald,
the seeming absence of any preparation
on the part of the army to co-operate
with the navy in the task of taking
Havana haa been a subject of general
surprise and not a little criticism in
naval circles here. The fleet has been
in a splendid state of efficiency
for weeks. but every intelligent
officer realizes the futility of attempt
ing to take Havana by assault, and
then hold it in such a way as to restore
and preserve order without the active
co-operation of a large and efficient
force of troops.
The report that orders have actually
been issued for the mobolization
of the army therefore electrified the
naval officers here to-night, and, de
spite the long succession of delays and
disappointments which have chafed
their martial spirit, the general feel-
Ing this evening 1b that Havana's doom
1b sealed and that the army and navy
together are now destined to win a
Joint victory In the not distant future.
Captain Sampson was ashore a short
ULTIMATUM
THE NEXT STEP.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— '
The Washington Post's sum- '
mary of the situation, to be
published in to-morrow's issue,
includes the following state
ment: ,
Immediately the President is
empowered to use the army and
navy he will issue an ulti
matum to Spain, giving her
twenty-four hours — possibly
forty-eight — within which to
answer whether she will peace
ably withdraw her troops and
flag from Cuba. Her refusal to
evacuate the island — which is,
of course, expected — will be the
signal for action on the part of
this Government, and that ac
tion will be the vigorous use of
our naval and land forces. The
Post makes this statement upon,
the highest possible authority,
the course of action indicated
having been decided upon at
yesterday's Cabinet meeting.
time this afternoon. He declined to
comment on the news that the army
had been ordered to move, but evi
dently was pleased. He seemingly has
shared to a great degree the feeling of
unrest and uncertainty common among
his men.
The Cuban colony In Key \vest, at
the Marti Club and other resorts fre
quented by them, are celebrating to
night as though Cuban independence is
already assured.
JOHN WANAMAKER
IS TRULY PATRIOTIC.
PHILADELPHIA, April 15.— Ex-
Postmaster-General Wanam&ker haa
sent this telegram to Washington:
"To the Honorable the Secretary of
War: Though opposed to war unless it
is honorably unavoidable, in the event
if its coming I will, under your instruc
tions, raise a regiment of Pennsylva
nians for military duty and go with
them for service.
"JOHN WANAMAKER."
After sending his offer to the Secre
tary of War Mr. M'anamaker posted in
his store two T.otices, one for the man
agers of departments and the other on
the timekeeper's desk:
"In order that our men may have
easy minds in considering and arrang
ing their affairs in the event of being
called upon for military service, thia
notice is posted to say:
"First— That ail the positions thus
vacated will be reopened to return to
when the military service is over.
"Second — That all salaries will con
tinue in full in such absence for actual
service and be paid to the authorized
representatives of their respective fam
ilies.
"Third— An insurance to the amount
of $1000 will be paid by the firm in case
of each death while any of our people
are actually engaged in military ser
vice."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every Drop
Wielamd's Extra Pale
PUT UP BY US IS
Carbonized, Sterilized and Bottled
From Cold Storage.
CALIFORNIA BOTTLING CO.,
SOLE BOTTLERS
Wioland's Pop-ular
BREW.
Big Pops, Medium Pops & Little Pops,
| Quarts. Pints. Half Pints.
1407=17 Eddy St.
F»hone> \A/est I-4--4-.
We are the sole authorized bottlers
for the John Wieland Brewery in the
City and County of San Francisco. Any
person or firm selling beer purporting
to be Wieland's. which is not bottled by
us. is committing fraud and liable to
criminal prosecution. Information
which will "lead to the arrest and con-
viction of any such party will be liber-
ally rewarded by us.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND VVA.- J • i.NGTON STS.— RB-
moileled and renovated. KING, WARD *
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to }1 oOdajr.
fo to $8 week. Jb to $30 month. Free baths;
hot nnd cold water every room; flre grate* la
every room: elevator run* all night.
■ llf II ill jp MM.!. ■■ M ■ J»y^W[Jf^^yMMW^|
IA/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOSKEY-AT LAW.
Tenth Floor, ltcora 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California street, below Powell,
San Francisco.
34
TEMBLOR JARS
COAST TOWNS
Mendocino County Ex
periences a Series of
Shocks.
Considerable Damage Done
to Chimneys and
Glassware.
Vibratio.is the Most Sevoro Ever
Known in That Section
of the Str.to.
Special Dispat. h to The Call.
AIENDOCINO, "April" 13.— The most
severe earthquake shock ever experi
enced on this coast occurred at about
11 o'clock last night. .'Seamed and
broken chimneys, ■demolished glassware
and crockery and various other dam
ages testify to the force of the shock.
The first shock occurred at 10:lo
o'clock and continued several seconds.
Slight vibrations were noticed during
the next twenty minutes, and at 11:10
the most severe shock of the night took j
place. The vibrations were from west |
to east, and their unusual length was i
a noticeable feature. The disturb- i
ances continued through the night and
this morning at between 6 and 7 o'clock
several distinct shocks were noticed. |
A few light ones were felt through the j
day.
The shock of 11:10 o'clock was the
one that did all tha damage. As near
as can be ascertained all the coast
towns suffered moca <>r less severely.
At Greenwood several hundred feet of
the wharf was destroyed and a num
ber of houses badly shaken. After
the heaviest shuck many people moved
Into the streets and did not re-enter
their houses until dayiip-ht. Another
temblur is expected to-night, and near
ly every one In the town will sit up in
anticipation.
IKIAH, April 35.— The earthquake
last night was the most severe ever
felt in Mendoclno County. There were
twenty-two distinct shocks in this city.
In Greenwood chimneys were demol
ished and the drug store at that place
lost property valued at $300. The mage
from Mc-ndocino to this city was com
pelled to return to the former place
this morning, owing to crevasses and
obstructions in the road, due to the
earthquake.
POINT ARENA, April 15.— A severe
earthquake was felt here last night.
The first shock came at 10:54, and fif
teen minutes later there was a more
severe quake, knocking bottles Off
Bhelves and stopping clocks. There
were thirty-two distinct shocks of un
usual severity. No material damage
was done here. The earth continued
shaking until 9 o'clock this morning.
At Mfendocino the temblor was more
severe, a crevasse Beveral inches wide
being formed on Main street.
XAPA, April 3 5.— A 'slight shock of
earthquake was experienced here last
night at about 11:30. No damage wag
done. The Bhock lasted about thirty
seconds, but was not at all violent.
URGES CO-OPERATION
OF FRUIT GROWERS
Convention nt Riverside Addressed
by A. R. Sprague of Los
Angeles.
RIVERSIDE. April 15.— The second j
day's session of the State Fruit-Growers' i
Convention proved, if anything, more In- |
teresting than that of Thursday. Tho j
first address, delivered by W. C. Fuller of I
Colton, gave his experience in citrus fruit
growing and his ideas of the best varie
ties of oranges to plant. Several mem- |
bers took part in the general discussion
which followed, on the advisability of
pruning, and the consensus of opinion
favored reasonable cutting away of'trees.
A. R. Sprague of Los Angeles introduced
the subject of marketing deciduous
fruits. He earnestly advocated co-opera
tion. He found the apathy of fruit-grow
ers great at the present time, owing to
frost and drought. The output of or
chards waa Increasing rapidly, and new
markets must be secured. This could
best be accomplished by united action.
The matter of overproduction created
earnest discussion and the delegates wore
divided. Many advocated the idea that
a limit of profitable fruit-growing had
about been' reached.
A resolution was passed condemning
the Barlow Quarantine bill.
SHERIFF DETAINS MISS
HELD'S PRIVATE CAR.
Collects a Small Bill Against the
Actress on Her Appearance at
San Jose.
SAN JOSE, April 15.— Anna Held and
Manager Zlegfeld gave bond this morning
to cover the attachment and cost levied
on their car last night by Sheriff Lyndon
to collect $8 95 due Snow & Co. for dyeing
a dress, and the attachment was released.
W. A. Bowden and C. M. Matcher wont
on the bond as sureties. The actress and
her manager loft at once for Stockton.
After matters had been arranged, Mis«
Held save vent to her thoughts in a
choice mixture of French and English.
She announced her intention to suo the
Sheriff for $10,000 damages for the deten
tion of the car. She was angry when
she made this threat, but she would have
been ir. taars had sho known that in
the event of her failure to give bonds the
Sheriff would have seized nor pet mon
key and p;irrot and her collection of .uii
mal curiosities. Miss Held stoutly de
clared she had been bunkoed. She threat
ens to sue Snow & Co. for $600. the value
of a dress which she claims was ruined
and JIOijO damages.
ACTOR CHARLES KENT
HAS TAKEN A WIFE
The Bride Is Mrs. Ellen Babcoek, a
Widow, of San Fran
cisco.
NEW YORK. April 13.— Charles Kent,
an actor in the "What Happened to
Jones" company, now playing in Newark,
was married yesterday afternoon by
Mayor Hoos, in the City Hall, Jersey
City. The brido was Ellen Babcock a
widow, aged 32. of San Francisco. Kent
gave his age as 44 and his address as
Newark.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
TRINITY RIVER
TO BE DREDGED
FOR PLACER GOLD
Steam Shovels Will Be Utilized
to Brin£ Up Gravel From the
Bed of the Stream.
REDDING. April 15.— A company of Montana capitalists recently
acquired the Poker Bar gravel deposits In the Trinity River, near the
famous Low Jen's ranch, in Trinity County, and has now begun work
oi\ a plan of operations which is a novelty, at least in the mining fields
of California.
Poker Bar is an extensive area of rich gravel in coarse placer gold,
whose treasures have been scarcely touched because of the well nigh
Insurmountable difficulty of petting a continuous supply of water. An
attempt was made a few years ago by mining men of Calaveras
County to work the deposits on a pretentious scale, but the effort met
failure. The heavy rise in the river washed out their works, which had
cost a fortune.
The Montana company now in possession proposes to throw a great
dam across the Trinity liiver below the gravel fields. Backwater cre
ated by the obstruction will flood th<3 entire mining grounds. An im
mense dredger is to be floated on this artificial lake, and the gravel
will be raised to the surface with steam shovels and carried through a
series of gold-saving sluices, as is now being done along the Sacramento
River near Redding.
The dredging machinery Is now being built by the Risdon Iron
Works 5n San Francisco, and will be shipped to this city by rail, thence
by wagon to Trinity County. Construction of the boats or pontoons for
the dredging machinery and gold-saving apparatus is now under way
at Poker Bar. The company has already let a contract for 500 cords of
wood for the steam power plant. E. F. Woods, a teaming contractor
of this city, got the contract to haul the machinery to Trinity County.
The steam boiler alone weighs over 10,000 pounds.
CONVICT SHOT
BY A GUARD
Fails in an Attempt to Es
cape From Folsom
Prison.
August Britten Ignores a Com
mand to Halt and Is
Fired Upon.
Struck by Six Buckshot, One of
Which Inflicts a Probably
Fatal Wound.
Bp»clal Dispatch to The Call.
FOLSOM, April 15.— August Britten
■was shot and probr-bly fatally wounded
at the prison this morning at 10:30
o'clock. The convict was working with
a gang in the rear of the laundry and
tried to got outside the dead line by
roing up a small ravine that runs be
tween the posts. Guard Luttrell dis
covered him and commai.drd him to
halt, but instead of obeying he started
to run. Luttrell opened fire with his
shotgun. Six buckshot took effect, two
In the right leg, one in the left log, one
In the left arm. one grazing his left
side and the sixth which will probably
cause his death, entering his side and
kidney.
Britten is about 28 years of age. H*
v.ns sent from F esno last September
under a ten-year sentence for burglary.
He had served a previous sentence in
San Quentin. A month aftc. arriving
here he made a similar attempt to es
cape, but upon being shot at by Guard
Prigmore he turned and surrendered.
CONTEST OF A" NAPA"
CAPITALIST'S WILL
Son of the Late J. J. McCarte Seeks
a Larger Share of the Dead
Man's Estate.
NAPA. April 15.— What gives promise
to be the beginning of a sensational and
complicated legal fight was started to
day in this county by the filing of a con
test to the probate of the will of the late
J. J. McCarte by Attorney E. L. Webber
of the Napa bar.
The estate of McCarte la estimated to
bo worth from $120,000 to $150,000, the
greater portion of which consists of real I
property in Napa County and the re- I
maincier of money in San Francisco on !
deposit and "money and real esstate in
Engiand and Ireland.
McCarte was a native of Ireland and
resided in Napa for a number of years.
He died in March of this year, lie was
unmarried, but left a son, James Mc-
Carte. in Great Britain. Three nephews-
Roger McCarte, James McCarte and R.
D. McCarte— live in the old country. Mc-
Carte'a will left his property in England
to the son, ami that in America to exec
utors as trustees for the nephews. The
contest is started by the son, whose at
torneys allege that McCarte, becau«e of
intemperance, was not in sound mind.
FATE OF YOUNG BURGLARS, i
Party of Youthful Criminals in Court
at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, April 15.— A good dispo
sition was made this morning of the
young boy burglars arrested several
weeks ago in this city for breaking into
Perry's drug store. Each was accompa
nied in court by his parents.
Joe Steubendorf, who is frequently be
fore the courts and who is only 3 years
of age, was taken in charge by J. E.
Henderson of the Children's Home Soci
ety of Oakland and will be given a home.
Russell Kittrell, another nine-year-old,
was released, it having been his first of
fense. Alvln McCarthy, who its 11 years
old and who has been under arrest be
fore, is under probation and if he docs
not behave he will be sent to his grand
parents at San Jose. Seymour Kittrell,
13 years old, another troublesome lad,
will be sent by his mother to his uncle
in Stanislaus County, who will adopt
him. The last boy was Jesse Rhodes,
The oldest and worst of the lot. The
District Attorney would only dismiss his
case on one condition, and that was that
his father "enlist the boy in the United
States navy indellnitely."
MAY COST HIS LIFE.
Fractious Horses Cause Injury to a
Carmel Resident.
MONTEREY. April 10.-News has
reached here of an accident which oc
curred yesterday morning:, in which An
tonio Victorino, an old resident of Car
mel. nearly met death, and from the ef
fects of which there is scarcely any hope
of his recovery.
Victorino was driving into Monterey
and while coming down the Carmel hiil
his team became frightened and bolted.
The horses threw . the wagon over in
euch a way that the old man's head was
caught and Jammed between the wheels
of his wagon and a telegraph pole by the
road side, and the horses breaking loose I
from the wagon he was left in that con
dition until found by a passer-by. Vie
torino'» collarbone and two ribs were
broken, one ear nearly severed and his
faco arid head frightfully gashed Be-
. sides he receiTed Internal lnjurtea.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
VETERANS WILL
INSPECT MINES
Nevada City Preparing
for the Grand Army
Encampment.
Old Soldiers to Bs Entertained
Two Thousand Feet Un
der Ground.
Residences and Business Blocks Are
Decorated, for the Reception to
the Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April 15.— At Cham
pion, Providence and other bfg gold
quartz mines in this district plans have
been made for the reception of Grand
Army veterans and affiliating organiza
tions which hold their annual encamp
ment here next week. On Wednes
day, which has been set apart as a day
for a visit to the mines, the guests will
be taken 2000 feet under ground and
thrc-ugh drifts, stopes and winzes. Ex
perienced miners will guide them and
explain the details of extracting and
milling the ores.
The city already begins to assume
gala garb. An army of men has been
at work since this morning, and to
night nearly half of the overhead street
decorations are in place and many
buildings are gay with bunting and pa
triotic emblems. The star-spangled
banner flies from a half hundred staffs.
Electric arches over Broad, Pine, Com
mercial, Main and Sacramento streets
are fast assuming shape.
Visitors are already beginning to ar
rive, but the main crowd will come on
Monday. A reception committee of fif
ty will go to Colfax with a band to
meet them and escort them over the
Nevada County Narrow-gauge rail
road to this city. There will be ample
sleeping and eating accommodations
for all who come. Nevada City has two
large hotels and any number of small
ones, besides numerous good restau
rants. Nearly every private residence
will be thrown open to roomers, and
each citizen will vie with his neighbor
to make the week a notable one for the
strangers.
NEW CHURCH FOR LARKSPUR.
Presbyterians Working for the Sue-
cess of a Building Project.
LARKSPUR, April 15.— Considerable in
terest is manifested by churchmen of this
place in the project of building a Presby
terian church Ss soon as sufficient funds
can be collected for the purpose. The
vigorous methods now being employed to
overcome this one obstacle are a credit
to the workers and would delight the
shade of Calvin. Among the various feat
ures planned is an entertainment for the
bei.efit of the undertaking. It will take
place to-morrow evening at v_orte Madera
school hall.
The ladies especially have been very busy
in engaging the best of local and metro
politan talent. The following programme
wiil be rendereo: Miss Zena Roberts of
San Francisco, alto solo; Mrs. Smith, Mrs.
Varney and Miss Susie Smitn, vocal trio;
Miss Belie Richards, soprano solo; the
Misses Ida and Lillie Schumacher of San
Francisco, piano duet; seminary qu irtet
of San Anselmo, song; Mrs. W. H. Bleak
nejr, recitation: Miss Aristine Pixlcy, vio
lin solo; Frank Houpt of San Francisco,
vocal solo; R. D. Jones, vocal solo; Mas
ter Bliss, coon songs, coon specialties, and
others.
For a Fast Freight Service.
EL PAfcO, Tex., April 15.— A conference
is in progress here between General Man
ager Doddridge of the Iron Mountain sys
tem. General Manager Thorne and Sup
erintendent Ward of the Texas and Pacl
lic, and General Manager Fillmore and
Superintendent Randolph of the Southern
Pacific. The conference is for the pur
pose of establishing fast freight service
between California and Chicago via El
Paso, Dallas and St. Louis.
Sale of Salinas Land.
SALINAS. April 15.— A deed was filed
to-day for record of the sale by the ex
ecutor of the Spring estate of sixty-three
lots in Salinas City and 291 acres of the
National rancho to John H. Spring and
wife of San Francisco for $49,126. This
land is in the heart of Salinas and ad
joins the sugar factory. The price is
considered extremely reasonable.
Ends Life While Intoxicated.
NEVADA CITY. April 15.— William Da
vidson, a young gravel miner, killed him
self late last night at Dudley & Drios
bach's claim on Shady Creek, nineteen
miles northwest of here. He spent yes
terday in this city, and, going back to
the mine intoxicated, called on a young
lady. She refused to see him. Davidson
then went to the mine boarding-house
sat in a chair and with a rifle blew off
the top of h!s head.
Schooner Howard Libeled.
E. Henrlx and J. K. Fraser filed a libel
yesterday in the United States District
Court against the schooner Howard to
recover $162 30 for sails furnished and re-
Dalred,
CONTESTS ON
THE DIAMOND
Auspicious Opening of the
Eastern Baseball
Season.
Small Scores Are Made in the
Games at St. Louis and
Cincinnati.
"Antl- Kicking" Rule Results in an
Innovation Pleasing to tha
Spectators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE, April 15.— The Colonels
opened the season auspiciously, defeat-
Ing the Pirates by a score of 10 to 3. The
usual street parade took place before the
game, and Mayor Weaver tossed the first
ball across the plate. The Colonels clearly
outplayed the visitors. It was a clean
game In all respects and the double um
pire system gave entire satisfaction to the
10,000 spectators. Score:
Louisville 10 13 i
Pittsburjc 3 IS 2
Batteries— Cunningham and Wilson: Killen
and Schriver. Umpires— Cushman and Heydler.
CINCINNATI, April 15.— Though th»
weather was a trifle chilly over 11.000 peo
pie were crowded in the stands at League
Park this afternoon to witness the first
game fit the season. Mayor Tafet made
a brief address to the players and tossed
the ball from the stand. The Cleve
lands lost because they were outplayed,
tiurkett's hitting was the only feature.
Both teams observed the ant i -kicking rule
and not a semblance of an objection was
raised at any of the decisions of the
umpires, though many close ones were
rendered. Kurkett left for Worcester,
Mass., to-nipht. called to the deathbed of
his child. Score:
r~ . R - H. E.
Cincinnati 3 7 1
Cleveland 2 5 3
Batteries— Breitenstein and Peitz; Young and
O'Connor. Umpires — Swartwood and Wood.
ST. LOUIS. April 15.-Chicngo and St.
Louis opened the season before 10.000 peo
ple this afternoon. It was a pitchers'
battle, both Taylor and Griffiths? belns;
in fine fettle. Both of Chicago's runs
were earned. Score:
R tr "p*
St. Louis 1 4 3
Chicago ;,, 2 7 1
Batteries— Taylor and Sugrt'en; Griffiths and
Donahue. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
STANFORD'S BASEBALL
HOODOO CREMATED.
Now the Wearers of the Cardinal
Are Ready for the Clash on the
Diamond.
PALO ALTO, April I?. -The entire stu
dent body and many people from sur
rounding towns gathered on the campus
this evening for the final baseball rally
and especially to watch the burning of
the hoodoo. The crowd filled the dia
mond, and the college yell was given
with a vim and force unknown since the
pioneer days. The players, hoisted into
a cart, were called upon to speak, and
all expressed their determination to
make the fight of their life to-morrow.
Coach Sheehan's terse remark was
cheered to the echo:
"Fellows, this proves that Stanford
spirit cannot die."
The "hoodoo," bound to a pole, was
brought forth and the death sentence
read. Then came the question:
"Gentle-men, shall he burn?"
"Burn!" yellert the excited students,
and the powder-stuffed image was cast
upon the leaping names.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Boney Boy, at Fifty to One, Wins a
Race at Bsnnings.
CINCINNATI. April 15.-The Newport
track was heavy to-day.
Five furlongs— Derby Maid ■won, Mrs. Brad
■haw second, Braxey third. Time, 1:071,4.
Four and one-half furlongs, selling — Dolly
Regent won, Terrene second, Dreyfus third.
Time, :59»,i. £*#t*
One mile and fifty yards— Friar , John won,
The Monon second. Valid -third. Time 1:544.
Five furlongs — Pat Morrissey won, Viceregal
second, Mazeppa third. Time, 1:05V4.
One mile, selling — Duncan Bell won. Stanza
second, Roy del Mar third. Time, I:49V£.
One mile, selling— Parson won. Royal Choice
second, ABC third. Time, IMS VI; '
WASHINGTON, April Forty-eight
hours of rain made the going at Ben
nings somewhat heavy to-day. The
event of the day was the winning of the
two-year old Boney Boy at odds of 50
to 1.
Five and a half furlongs— Calculation won,,
Hanwell second. Merry Day third. Time, l:l(Hi.
Six furlongs— won, Charantus second,
Inconstancy third. Time, 1:17%.
Four furlongs— Boney Boy won, Rhody Menla
second. Extreme third. Time, :51%.
Six furlongs— Cherry Picker won. General
Maceo second. South Africa third. Time,
.1:17%.
One mile— Ortoland won. Marshall second, At
lantus third. Time, 1:47%.
MEMPHIS. April 15.— Results at Mont
gomery Park:
Four furlonsrs— W. Overton won. Free Hand
eecond, Katie Gibbons third. Time, :50«4.
Six furlongs, selling — Czarowltz won. Lady
Irene second. Ben Frost third. Time. 1:17.
One mile— Salvable won, Macy second, Paul
Kauvar third. Time, 1:43%.
One and an eighth miles— BrldKeton won,
Tony Honing second, Eleanor Holmes third.
Time, 1:59.
Six furlongs, spiling— l^ennep wnn. Chang sec
und, Belle Ward third. Time, I:l7'^.
M'CLOUD RIVER INDIANS
IN A DRUNKEN ROW.
One Buck Beaten to Death With
Clubs and Bocks at the Baird
Reservation.
REDDING, April 15.— A remnant of the
tribe of McCloud River Indians, dwelling
on a rancheria one mile this side of the
United States Reservation at Baird, got
into a row while crazed with liquor, and
one buck was so badly beaten with clubs
and rocks that he died shortly after
ward. Coroner Earnest received a mes
sage from Robert Radcliffe, a United
States Fisheries employe, stating that a
drunken row had occurred among the
Indians below the Federal Reservation
and that one had received injuries from
which he died and several others were
badly hurt. The Coroner left in a few
hours for the scene of the tragedy, twen
ty-two miles north of Redding. The In
dian who killed his tribesman will be
placed under arrest and lodged in the
County Jail. Other arrest" for sellinar
liquors to Indians will folhJ*, as a de
termined effort will be made by the offi
cers of the fisheries reservation to break
up the nefarious traffic. The body of the
Indian was interred in the tribal bury
lng-grwind. The dismal mourning of the
squaws and bucks was kopt up all night.
ASSAULTS AN EDITOR
WHO DUBBED HIM A CUR.
SAN JOSE, April 15.— Attorney William
M. Beggs went to the office of the Ma..
at Los Gatos this evening and adminis
tered a severe beating to Editor W. 8.
Walker. Beggs struck Walker with his
fifts, knocked him down and then kicked
him. Although badly disfigured, the edi
tor is not seriously injured. Afterward
Beggs met George Walker, a son of the
editor, on the street, and an encounter
between the men was only prevented by
the interference of bystanders.
The trouble grew out of the recent libel
suit of Henry Schomberg against Walker
fir JIO.OOo damages, which was decided in
favor of the paper. Beggs prosecuted the
case for Schomberg, and in an issue of
the paper to-day Beggs was referred to
a 1?a 1 ? a cur.
Beggs was subsequently arrested on a
charge of battery, and released on giving
a bond of SIOOQ. .
SPEND A NIGHT
IN SEARCH OF A
MISSING GIRL
Men of Porterville Find a Neigh=
bor's Daughter Unconscious
in a Wheat Field.
PORTERVILLE. April 15.— Miss Emma, the i6-year-old daughter
of Mr. j . Mrs. J. E. Fontain of this place, disappeared shortly a'ter
7 o'clock 1 I evening:. Just prior to that time she had saic that she
•was going over to one of the neighbors, where r me of her school
mates •. singing and playing. Some time afterward her parents
sent for her to come home, but upon inquiry it "as found that Miss
Emma had not visited the neighbor's home.
Her parents spread an alarm. Diligent search was made for her
In the imrcv. diate vicinity without success. Shortly before 10 o'clock
a fire alarm was turned in and the entire population joined in the
search. -Jo one had seen the girl after she had left her home. Ditches
were dragged and the country in afl directions was patrolled.
At 5 o'clock this morning the girl was found by the Rev. J. A. Mil
ligan in a wheat field/ where she had fallen, evidently exhausted. She
was unconscious when found. She was taken home and a physician
summoned. He said she was in a dazed condition and was evidently
laboring under mental aberration when she wandered away from
home. The point at which she was found is about one mile from her
home. She did not remember anything that had happened after she
left her home.
NORTH PITIED
AGAINST SOUTH
Tournament of Tennis
Opens at Nordhoff, in
Ojai Valley.
Racket Wielders From Above
Tehachapi Match Skill
With Southrons.
Champion Gaorgo Whitney Defeats
Picher in the Best Match of
the Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VENTURA, April 15.— At the little
town of Nordhoff. in beautiful Ojai
Valley, fifteen miles north of here, this
was opening day of the greatest tennis
tournament ever held in Southern Cal
ifornia. There has for a long time
been a question as to whether the re
gion north of Tehachapl had better
tennis players than south of the
mountain could boast of. Some years
ago Miss Marion Jones of Santa Mon
ica brought the championship in ladies'
singles by defeating Miss Bee Hooper,
and there are some gentlemen here
who are expert wielders of the racket.
That the matter might no longer re
main in doubt W. L. Thatcher of the
Ojal Valley Tennis Club proceeded to
organize a tournament. He was suc
cessful in matching George and Rob
ert Whitney and Samuel and Sumner
Hardy, the champions of the north,
against A. W. Bumiller and Robert A.
Rowan of Los Angeles, O. I. Picher of
Pasadena and W. L. Thacher of Ojai,
who promised to uphold the banner of
the south. The tournament aroused
great interest in tennis circles.
The tournament was what is called
"Round Robin," that is, each player
from the South in singles and doubles
making sixteen singles and four dou
bles for the whole tournament. The
day was all that could be desired, the
weather being cool and cloudy, with
just enough breeze to fan the brows of
the players. The arrangements were
very complete and convenient; the
courts were in fine condition and the
grand stand was handsomely decorated.
At 9:30 time was called by H. Waldo
Forster, the referee. The first match
•was between Sumner Hardy and
Picher. Picher took tho first set and
on the second had a score of 3—23 — 2 be
fore Hardy woke up and won the last
two sets by strong volleying and driv
ing, which proved too much for Pich
er's back hand strokes and smashing.
Score: 4—6. 6—4, 6—2.
Sam Hardy and Bumiller then went
against each other with disastrous re
sults to the Southern man, although
he made some beautiful plays in lofv
volleying. Bumfller was not strong
at the back of court. Score: 6—l, 6—2,
in favor of Hardy.
In the next match Thacher downed
Robert Whitney with ease in two
straights, 10—8, 6—3. Whitney did not
seem to have his nerve with him,
while Thatcher played in form which
distinguished him when one of the
champions at Yale.
The next match was between George
F. Whitney and Robert A. Rowan. The
former won by a score of 6—l,6 — 1, 7—5,7 — 5, and
could have left Rowan with nothing
but "love" if he had awakened sooner.
Rowan did tolerably well in the second
set. At one time the score stood s—l5 — 1
in his favor, but it was apparent that
Whitney was only toying with him.
At 2:30 o'clock time was called for the
afternoon game with Sam Hardy and
Thacher at the net. The latter played
a strong game for a time, but it was
evident that he carried too much avoir
dupois to stand against the Northern
man and Hardy won in two straights,
6-3, 6-2.
By far the best tennis of the day
was played between Champion George
Whitney and Picher. The former was
the victor by 6-4, 6-4, but he had no
walk-over and for a time it looked as if
the Southern man would win. The fast
work of Whitney proved successful and
he defeated Ploher.
Sumner Hardy and Bumiller were the
next players. Both these boys are
slight and active and graceful as fawns
and it was hard to tell which was the
greater favorite with the grand stand.
There was much more beauty than sci
ence In their play and the Northern
man won by a score of 6-4. 6-3.
In the doubles Hardy brothers were
matched against Bumiller and Plcher.
It was evident from the start that the
Southerners were outclassed, but they
fought hard and the game was a bril
liant one. The score In favor of Hardy
brothers was 6-4, 6-2.
Whitney brothers then went against
Thacher and Rowan in the most excit
ing game of the day. The Northern
ers had to play a great deal harder than
they ever did before. The first set went
to the brothers by a score of 6 to 3. but
in the next the Southern champions
reversed the score. Just at dusk Whit
ney brothers won the third set and
game; score, 6-3, 3-6, 7-5.
To-morrow it is expected that a large
crowd will be present, gathering from
all parts of Southern California, and
the most brilliant tennis playing ever
seen in the South is likely to be wit
nessed.
The fac-similo /rf _//&"<< */>**" -' i» on every wrapper
ngaature of Wui^/ZT^S^k of CASTORU.
MAKING READY
FOR THE FETE
All San Rafael Engrossed
in Flower Carnival
Preparations.
Arches Are Being Reared on
the Main Streets of the
Town.
Success of a Benefit Performance
by the California Comedy
Company.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April 15.— "The rose
carnival." These are about the only
words one can hear in the "city of
roses" at present. On the streets, in
hotel lobbies, in the clubs and on the
trains, it is all the same. By some
subtle process, probably owing to the
correlation of ideas, the very air seems
to have become redolent of roses.
Great preparations are making for
that carnival, efforts clearly demon
strating the fact that in the summer
vocabulary of 3an Rafael there is no
such word as "failure." Arches are
going up all over town to the clinking
tune of the hammer and the rasping
tenor of the saw. The grand arch will
be situtated on Fourth street, between
A and B, just opposite the Postoffice.
The design for this, drawn ". * Farns
worth, the local artist, on suggestions
by Mrs. L. J. Hai m was accepted re
cently at a meeting of the executive
committee. Mrs. Haram, who is an ac
tive member of the decorative commit
tee, has for a long time been associated
in the decorative line with Miss Mary
Bates. The arch will be of redwood,
brought from the region of Duncans
Mills by Robert Dollar, the lumber man,
and will be so constructed that tiie
bark will produc . a most artistic ef
fect. The roof of evergreens will be sur
mounted by "Old Glory." Palms and
rose, the carnival colors, and rows of
incandescent lights will put on the fin
ishing touches. There will be neither
bunting nor anything else to produce a
stereotyped effect.
The Voluntc Firemen of San Fran
cisco have signified their acceptance of
the Invitation to attend the carnival
with all their paraphernalia. Leading
citizens of Sausalito are urging the
matter of representation vigorously,
and it is safe to predict that the beau
tiful little city will do itself proud on
the occasion. A public spirited lady of
Mill Valley has signified her intention
of beinf present with a 'bus load of all
the Sunday-school children that can be
raked together in the valley.
A large crowd assembled at th«
opera-house this evening and greeted
the performance of the play "Pink
Dominos." given by the California
Comedy Company in behalf of the car
nival fund, which was appreciably
swelled in volume by the proceeds.
To-morrow afternoon the press com
mittee will hold j meeting to consider
the question of suitably entertaining
representative of the press during the
carnival. On Saturday evening, April
23. Dr. Frank Cornwall will lecture at
the opera-house for the benefit of the
carnival fund, on "The Art of Posture."
The lecture will be delivered under the
auspices of the San Rafael Social Club.
FOR THE KLONDIKE.
A Handsome Steamer Which Sails
Exclusively From San Fran
cisco.
A staunch, solid craft Is the steamer
Morgan City, which sails to-day at 3
o'clock on her initial trip to Copper River.
Besides being a swift-sailing Deauty, the
Morgan City belongs to the only line
backed by Eastern capital which sails
from San Francisco north.
She is the property of the Ladue-Yukon
Transportation Company, for whom the
Johnson-Locke Company are the local
agents. After this trip to Copper River
her next will be to St. Michael, where she
will connect with river steamers for Daw
son City. She has a promenade deck of
300 feet, and her staterooms and cabins
are handsomely fitted, giving more the
idea of a cozy home ashore than a tempo
rary floating dwelling-place. She 13
lighted by electricity, heated by steam
and everything within bespeaks comfort
and ease.
The company has issued a handsome
folder, containing a complete map of the
gold fields and full instructions How to
get there without being either frozen or
starved to death on the way.
School Accommodatioh Promised.
The West of Castro- Street Improve
ment Club at its meeting last night was
In a conciliatory mood toward the School
Directors since that august body prom
ised to provide accommodation for the
school children by the first of August.
The club committee appointed at the last
meeting waited on the board and fully
represented to it the great necessity of
providing a building on the west side of
Castro street for the children residing
there. The justice of the claim was rec
ognized by the Directors and a promise
made that a suitable place would be pro
vided by the commencement of the next
school term. This was satisfactory all
round and the club members feel as if a
victory has been trained. Consequently
there waa no war cry at the meeting last
nisht.
GAME LAWS
ARE VIOLATED
Fish Killed With Giant
Powder in Marin
County.
Finny Tribe in Lagunitas Creek
Has Been Almost Ex
terminated.
Sportsmen the Absence
• of a Fish and Oamo
Warden.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April 15.— Sportsmen
of Marin County are enraged— so thor
oughly angered that they are going to
make a good search for some legal
soothing syrup. The cause of it is the
wanton destruction of the fish in La
gunitas Creek by the use of giant pow
der in plain defiance of the law.
"Great shade of Izaak Walton," ex
claimed a well-known railroad man
yesterday. "If the old gentleman could
awake and take a trip along Lagunitaa
Creek he would see a sight that would
make him weep. Dead Hsh in every
deep hole, great and small— it Is all thu
same. This giant powder method ought
to be stopped and somebody be made
to suffer."
The principal place where fish have
been illegally killed, to say nothing of
the spawn, is near Camp Taylor. X
is asserted that certain men employed,
by Pedrini Bros, to take wood oft the
Shafter estate are responsible for the
outrage, as nobody else would care to
go there and kill fish with giant pow
der in full view of the woodcutters'
camps. Fish were unlawfully killed as
early as in March.
It is commonly supposed that there is
a Board of Fish Commissioners located
somewhere in the State, but it might
as well not exist, so far as the pro
tection of the finny tribe in Marin
County is concerned. An old man was
sent into the county five days befora
the open season began, but for all tha
work accomplished he might nearly as
well have spent his days in philosophic
meditation over Sturm's theorem.
What is needed is a fish and game war
den for the county, and those who
love the sport have about made up their
minds that one must be had at any
cost if a single fish is to be permitted
to remain in a stream that has af
forded recreation and amusement to
many handlers of the reel in days gone
by.
A Child's Accidental Death.
SA-. RAFAEL. April 15.— The jury ap
pointed by Coroner Eden to inquire Into
the death of 5-year-old Leon Oliver Kel
ton, who met death yesterday by falling
from a wagon driven by ula father on the
Petaluma road north or here, after a
short deliberation to-day brought in a
verdict of accidental death, in accordance
with the facts stated. The child was
badly mangled by the wheels of the
wagon, which was laden with about 1500
pounds of freight.
1 1 The truth. Weak as you are,
i I you still hope against hope
that you are going to get
well without trying to help
yourself. The day ;of mira-
■ %,? cles has passed. You will
. ' ■■' i never get vse!l until you try.
ft f™"Tr Re nerves" that you have
I I I | are not worthy the name.
11l I | The manliness you possess
Vi L. I jis almost none. The confi-
{ dence you have in your own
abilities is less than nothing.
Why is this true ? You have
been indiscreet — too
hard, perhaps. Try to alter
matters to-day.
A well man is one who de-
lights to get up in the morn-
ing full of life, power and
energy. He is one of those
I who see happiness in every
step of life. He feels fully
equal to doing all nature
■ I If" I I requires of him, and he is
mjj requires of him, and If you
if fufl of happiness. If you
VU rlj j are one of these big men of
II L.L.L. ! nature you are to be con-
i gratulated ; but if you are
not, why not become virile
again ? You think you have
imposed on your constitu-
tion too heavily. As long as
"Hudyan" may be had it
will make up for ail your
losses.
What is "Hudyan?" It is
the grand remedio -treat-
ment of the Hudsonian doc-
tors for weak men. It can
be i obtained from them
| atone. But it je-creates
man. it gives life and vi-
I tality to those who are full
|of gloom and misery. To
Ijnill J those who fear, it brings
WU 11 1 131 self-reliance; to those who
1 1 1 1 iff are premature it is a great
1 1 U a I j help, in that it places nature
on her proper basis. Have
you abused your brain pow-
er ? Have you been foolish
in the exercise of any of
your functions ? Ask for
free circulars and testimo-
nials, showing you clearly
what "Hudyan" does. Med-
ical advice is free too. - .
If you see any sign of bloofi taint ask for
"30-day blood cure" circulars. ' It la .is effec-
tive as "Hudyan" for clearing all blood poison
out of ■ the system. The fact that yours may
be a case In the tertiary stage makes no differ-
ence. "30-day blood cure" cures all blood taint.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
. STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTB., '
San Francisco.
BDjjjuinjnif
>ffiVOEWEY,STRQNG &C 0. << #g^
(I^PATENTsf J)
330 MARKET sx. afNSSStDYEA'S LONG
LIST OF DEAD
Steamship Queen Brings
Names of Victims of
the Avalanche.
Official Hepcrt Gives Fifty-Four
as the Number of Bcdles
Recovered.
J- rom Skaguay Comes the Siaismi
Thai Ninety-Six Corpses Wore
Found.
Bpocl«i Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 15.— Tho steamship
Queen arrived in port late to-night
from tho north. The Queen brings
down conflicting reports as to the fatal
ities on Chilcoot Pass. An official re
port, signed by Dr. Cleveland and
T'nit"d States Commissioner J. U. Smith
at Dyoa, gives fifty-four bodies recov
ered and seven missing.
The Skaguay report is ninety-six re
covered and fifty-four missing. The
officers of the Queon give the following
as the complete list of the dead up to
the time of their departure:
Allan Cray. Seattle.
i. F. Smith, Sedro.
J. B. Pierce, Tacoma.
Warner, San Fran<.isi_< >.
A. Anderson, San Francisco.
W. Carle, San Francisco.
( -,.; i i ieppert, Seattle.
J. P. Clark, Idaho.
A. Kir.^. address unknown.
Tom Clark, address unknown.
ge Riser, address unknown.
McNeil] Stanford, Portland.
A. Chappell, Seattle.
Tom Rasmus, Colo.
W. Crimes. Atk.-n, Colo.
11. 1.. Easterbrook, s.-attle.
William Osnall, San Francisco.
■::■■ Eggert, California.
Stratton Sheldon, lowa.
W. F. Warner, San Francisco.
W. A. Dalstrom, Lincoln. N T ebi\
Frank Mlllett, Butte, Mont.
William Falk. Sheep Camp, Alaska.
James Smallwood, Portland.
J.>hn Merchant, California.
■ ■.. Henry; Arizona.
■ ..- < Hark, [daho.
address unknown.
C. i". Harri son, s.-attle.
E. J. Hudson, Portland.
E. P. liaines. Seattle.
W. L. -aley. Seattle.
E. D. Atwood. New York.
C. Beck, Sanford, Fla.
L. Weidelein, Kansas City.
s. A. Morgan, Emporia, Kans.
S. M. Grimes, Sacrameuto.
Mrs. Ryan, Baltimore.
J. A. Morgan, unknown address.
P. A. i Ms. n, Washington.
J. Sprague, Ballard, Wash.
D. A. Elstrom, address unknown.
William Preston, address unknown.
J. Scaling, address unknown.
son, address unknown.
Thomas Wall, unknown.
Timothy Glen, Portland.
O. A. Nelson, Washington.
Mrs. N. H. Maxson, Punxatawney.Pa.
Thomas Cullerder. I'ortland.
s. Stephenson, Seattle.
( F. Leei unknown.
Walter Chappee, New York.
J. C. Murphy. New York.
Frank Sprague, Bailard.
T. Finn. Portland.
Ed Doran, unknown.
A. Englund, Tacoma.
John Merchant, Grizzly Bluffs, Cal.
C. L. M. .Will, San Francisco.
John Eddy, unknown.
J. M. CJhlin, Tacoma.
i ;. s. Ziebarth, Seattle.
— Garrison, unknown.
— Ritchie, unknown.
— Purber. unknown.
Austin Preston, Grizzly Bluffs, Cal.
Harry Unit, Tacoma.
Jeff Scaling, Wieser, Idaho.
F. Atkins, Baker City. Or.
R. Hedegard, Baker City.
— Steven?. New York.
Shortly before the Queen sailed from
Skaguay the following party of Daw
• - arrived: Captain Ray, U. S. A;
C. S. Mclntosh, Charles Hammond, Ed
Thorpe. Thomas Pilkey. W. P. Granger,
Baton, E. H. Clear, C. M»-;i<l
ows, V. Moore, J. A. Carlisle, Robert
Jnsley, Jack O'Gara, K. E. Williams, A.
A Martin, — Robinson, Jack Smith, —
Morgan, George Hadlett, T. McClellan,
William Lawson, Ed <"ox. — Prather.
Bofne of this party took passage on the
•;. while others are on the Rosalie,
which will sail to-morrow.
I'aptaln Kay brings (rut important
dispatches to the Government. Charles
Meadows of Arizona brings out the fin
: lection of nuggets ever seen from
thru Bection. He is one of a party of
six who own nearly a hundred claims.
}!•- ha.s valuable claims on American
Creek in American territory, and be
this district will excel the Brit-
Thomas Pilkey of Pennsylvania,
r of 41 El Dorado and 42 Bonanza,
says he refused $150,000 for his posses
sions before he left. Dr. Sheldon Jack
.<-' 0.., who went north a few weeks ngo
with the Government herd of rein
deer, is a returning passenger. The
herd was started up the Chilkat and
Tlehini rivers on the 11th of April, and
will be used in military and postal ser
vice for the Government.
The Rosalie hcis been overdue for two
days, and it was feared that she had
met with an accident. The Queen,
however, passed her yesterday.
NEGOTIATIONS TO
BUY THE CHINA
NEW YORK, April 15.— Pacific Mall
officials admitted to-day that there
were negotiations in progress for the
purchase of the company's steamer
China, now in service on the Pacific.
Sh> is now in Yokohama, and is ex
pected to arrive at San Francisco on
April 28.
The City of Rio Janeiro, now at San
Francisco, and th<- Ne-vport, which is
due at San Francisco on April 18, are
also under consideration.
Not a Lawyer
But who must he Interested in the lead
in* editorial of "'own Talk this week, in
which local methods of extracting fees
are severely criticised. There an
bright reviews of "Slnbad" and the Hoyt
force, critiques of late musical events
an<l two page* of book chat. The Baun
ttrer tells why Dan O'Connell wrote his
"ficarlet Woman" poem, and irlves point
•; pugilism <'i:i«l the races. Socially
the Issue is unusually Interesting with
portrait* of Frank Willey's fiancee and
others. Little Sylvia Tulbot is shown on
the title j.ape. •
Found on a Car Track.
The dead body of a female, child was
found lying on the streetcar track at the
corner of Sacramento and' Hyde streets
yesterday afternoon. Boys playing on the
street saw a bag lying on the track, and
one of them kicked It. This opened the
nack and brought the child's face into
Bight. The police wore notified and the
bodyj was taken to the Morgue. Tho
child had been born about nine hours be
fore found. ': Vf-
The wearing of orange blossoms as a
bridal nr-coratior. originated in the days
Of the Crusaders.
METHODISTS OF SANTA
CRUZ WILL CELEBRATE
Golden Jubilee of the Congregation of the
Oldest Protestant Church in California.
SANTA CRUZ. April IS. — The Methodists of Santa Cruz are making
extensive preparations for the celebration of their golden jubilee. It will
commence on Sunday and continue until Thursday.
The local church has the honor of being the oldest Protestant church
in the State, it was organized by Rev. Elihu Anthony, who is still a resi
dent of this city. He arrived with his family in January, IS4S. and a couple
of weeks later organized a class of Methodists, including the following: Elihu
Anthony, Sarah Anthony, A. A. Hecox, Margaret Hecox, A. A. Case, Mary
Case, Jane Vanandy, Mary A. Dunlap, Caroline Matthews, Silas Hitchcock,
M. Reed and Mrs. Lynn. Of the original class now residents here are Elihu
Anthony, Sarah Anthony and Margaret Hecox.
Elihu Anthony was requested to s.^rve as preacher and administrator of
discipline. The first building was built in the summer of 1850 and was used
for both church and public school purposes. It was dedicated in December,
ISSO, by Bishop Taylor.
In December, 1863, a more modern church building was erected, and occu
pied until December. IS9O, when the congregation moved from Mission Hill to
the building it now occupies on Church street. The church owns very fine
parsonage property on Mission street and a chapel in East Santa Cruz.
Its officers are: Pastor, Rev. Thomas Filben; Sunday-school superinten
dents, Ellery Robertson and W. H. Heard; trustees —W. H. Ames, L. S.
Sherman, S. P. Grover, C. M. Collins, R. H. Garrett, F. D. Bennett and
Charles Craghill; stewards— J. N. F. Marsh, "Wilbur Huntington, W. D.
Storey, T. Ci. McCreary, J. H. Sinkinson, F. N. Smith, D. C. Merrill, F. D.
Bennett, F. L. Heath, Caleb Izant, W. Heard, H. D. Smith, H. S. Holway and
C. D. Hinkle: leaders — George H. Bliss; C. Izant, recording steward; J. R.
Garrett, district steward; president Young People's Society of Christian En
deavor, William C. Izant.
The jubilee opens Sunday morning with a Jubilee love feast conducted
by Bishop Taylor, to be followed by the jubilee sermon, to be preached by
Rev. Eli McClish of the University of the Pacific.
MAY YET BUY
THE O'HIGGINS
Probable Success of the
Negotiations With.
Chile.
From Argentine This Govern
ment May Acquire the
Garibaldi.
All Four of the American Line Steam
ships Are to Be Chartered
at Once.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, April 15.
Several important and decisive steps
in the work of war preparations were
taken by the Navy Department to-day.
It was decided to assign the Naval Re
serves of New York, New Jersey, Mass
achusetts, Maryland and Michigan to
the five auxiliary cruisers hereafter to
be known as patrol boats. The ques
tion of the American line steamers was
also wound up- to-day with the decision
to charter all four of them— the St.
Louis, the St. Paul, the Paris and the
New York. The two first-mentioned
have already been acquired by the de
partment, though the form of acquisi
tion was tentative, the department be
ing undecided whether it would pur
chase the:? two unly or charter all
four.
With the announcement tlv t these
magnificent ships had been added to the
auxiliary fleet came the statement that
the department had also purchased the
Yorktown of the old Dominion line and
the Yu Muri of the Ward line. With
these additions the converted tleet now
Includef the pick of the ocean liners
and coasting vessels running under the
I American Hag. As in all instances, the
i prices paid are withheld by the depart-
I ment.
But of greater moment than any of
j these developments was the reopening
' of negotiations for the purchase of two
1 warships and several torpedo-boats
c from Chile and Argentina. One of th' j
cruisers is the Chilean cruiser O'Hig
gins, Just completed at an English yard
and regarded as one of the most for
midable of her class afloat. These ne
i gotiations are being conducted by-
Charles R. Flint of New York, who has
j large commercial and financial inter
! ests in both countries. Mr. Flint was
' at the Navy Department to-day and
I held extended conferences with the Sec
j retary and other oflicials. While Mr.
Flint would not say how far the ne
| gotiations had progressed he intimated
; that the international dispute between
Chile and Argentina was assuming . ucii
j satisfactory shape as to warrant the
; presumption that they were not averse
; to parting with a portion of their na
vj«-s. With this possible cause lor
I trouble in a fair way of removal, Mr.
( Flint said, the ablest and most con
: servative men in both Chile and Afgen
j Una were In favor <>(' reducing the na
j val establishment and economizing ex
penditures.
It has been suggested that Chile shall
sell the O'Higgins and one torpedo
boat, while Argentina shall dispose of
the Garibaldi or the San Martin, both
fine cruisers, and two torpedo boats.
This would leave the two navies in
about the same respective condition.
Should Chile and Argentina decide to
sell these vessels it was believed to be
practically assured that they would be
added to the naval list of the United
States.
The fall of a tree near Little Cypress,
Marshall County, Ky.. exposed a quan
:ity of 5-cent pieces that had been bur
ied at its root.
TIIE SAX FTtANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
HAS GIVEN UP
ALL EFFORTS
' Pope Leo Realizes That
Peace "Will Not Long
Prevail.
Archbishop Ireland, Who Rep
resented His Holiness, Has
Left Washington.
Notified the Vatican That All At
tempts at Mediation Were Futile
in This Country.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 15.-A Washing
! ton special to the Herald says: The
| latest advices received in Washington
indicate that his Holiness, Pope Leo
: XIII, has given up his efforts to pro
' mote the interests of peace between the
| United States and Spain.
As an evidence of this fact, I may
state that to-night at 11 o'clock Arch
bishop Ireland of St. Paul, who has rep
resented t. s Pope In negotiations dur
ing the last two weeks, left the city.
presumably for New York. I am toid
that he left for good, although he may
, stop In Washington on his way to his
see in St. Paul.
Archbishop Ireland has notified Pope
Leo XIII that in iis opinion any furth
er efforts which could be made by him
or by the Pi.-pe himself woui be en
tirely futile, at least as far as the
United States is concerned.
A cablegram was received from the
! Vatican to-day expressing the deep re
gret of the Pope at the present serious
aspect of the case, and containing a
prayer that the spirit of peace might
still prevail.
The story printed this morning that
Archbishop Ireland last night called
! on the French Ambassador and with
him called on the Spanish Minister
i and then on the Austrian Minister'
: was denounced to me to-night as being
a falsehood. No message was received
; yesterday from Rome, and no such
visits were made last night. The sit
uation, as far as concerns the efforts
of Pope Leo to preserve peace, is cx
i actly as I have stated. Archbishop
Ireland pratically ceased all work
I toward this end when the President's
! message wont to Congress.
HARMONY CHAPTER.
A Large Attendance at the District
Meeting That Was Held Last
Evening.
| The district meeting of Harmony Chap
ter of the Order of the Eastern Star was
; held last night in Laurel Hall. Shiols
building, which for the occasion had been
converted into a bower of calla lilies,
lilacs and roses of every shade. The hali
| was crowded to Its utmost capacity, and
i among the most prominent visitors were
Most Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Mary
■ E. Partridge, Worthy Grand Matron Mrs.
Eva Porter, Worthy Grand Patron H. D
, Rowe, Grand Secretary Mrs. K. J. Wil
lats. Grand Esther Mrs. Helen May Pat
terson. Past Associate Grand Matron
, Mrs. Flint. Past Grand Patrons J. H
Gray and C. F. Moebus. Mrs. C. C. Dow
matron of Ivy Chapter; Miss S. M. Wil
l tats, matron of Golden Gate Chapter-
I Mrs. Val Schmidt of King Solomon Chap
ter, Mrs. Nellie A. Brown of Beulah
Chapter. Mrs. Maria A. Pierce of Oak
: Leaf Chapter. Mrs. Wilson of Mission
Chapter and Mrs. Augusta D. Wilson of
' Oakland Chapter.
During the evening there was the inlti
' atlon of two candidates, one of them be
ing Miss Cordie Wetjen, the daughter of
the worthy matron of Harmony Chap
ter. The work was performed in a man
ner that drew forth a great deal of
praise.
After the work the visitors and mem
bers were invited Into an adjoining hall,
where they were treated to a sumptuous
banquet.
COOPERAGE
RUINED BY
FLAMES
Property of Laehman
& Jacobi Partially
Destroyed.
The Branch House on
Federal Street Will
Be Reconstructed.
According to the Owners the
Loss Was Almost Wholly
Covered by Insurance.
THE CAUSE A MYSTERY.
The Loss Has Not as Yet Been Esti
mated, but Will Probably
Exceed $8000.
The cooperage establishment of Lach- i
man & Jacob!, 63-55 Federal street, was [
partially destroyed by fire early this
morning, and the contents of the build
ing were also severely injured by the |
large amount of water which was j
thrown into the burning structure.
Two alarms were sounded from fire
box 57 about 12:30 o'clock and the de
partment quickly responded. Charles j
Sproule, the night watchman of the j
building, stated that he had thoroughly
looked over the premises about mid
night, and that no signs of a blaze were
to be seen at that time. The flames
were first noticed coming from the win- :
dows on the ton floor, and within a few
minutes the entire building seemed to
be burning to the ground. This was
probably due to the fact that immense
quantities of wine are stored in the i
building and the upper floors are of dry I
material.
After the first flame was seen the
whole structure scr mcd to become ig- ;
nited at the same time, but the fire de- j
partment, as well as the owners of the
establishment, are at a loss to account
for the cause unless some sparks from
the fire lit for the purpose of heating
the unused barrels caused the serious
blaze.
The building next door, occupied by J.
Jaughhan and Carl Assmus, employes
in the building, and owned by Joseph !
Fletcher, was damaged to a consider
able extent by water, but it is thought
the amount will be covered by insur
ance. Fifty-two men are employed in
the building, and, in consequence of the
flre, they will be thrown out of em- ■.
ployment for a short time.
All their tools were in the building
at the time und the loss of them will
tend to bring up the amount of the
damage, which was roughly estimated
at $5000. According to the reports of the
owners of the property the damage will
not be very great unless the large ;
amount of wine on the lower floor was
damaged. It was thought at first that
the entire block would be destroyed j
by the flames, but prompt action on J
the part of the fire department soon ;
changed the ideas of those who were !
first on the scene.
Mr. Jacobi, a member of the firm, was
on the scene shortly after the blaze
was discovered. He said: "I have no
definite idea as to how the fire start
ed, although, of course, there are the
usual thousand and one ideas, any one
of which seems plausible, but not defi
nite enough to base a suggestion on.
"It is also impossible for me to make
an estimate as to the possible damage,
as I do not know just how much stock
was on hand. We used the lower floor
for the storage of wine and there was
anywhere from one hundred to one
hundred and fifty thousand gallons of
wine stored there. Of course, as you
may surmise, our stock is shifted in
and out, and without looking up the ac
counts it is impossible for me to make
any daflnlte statement regarding our
loss. Our loss is partially covered by
insurance, but I cannot remember the
figures: in fact, until we know how
much of the wine is ruined it will be
impossible to make the remotest cal
culation regarding our loss.
"The delay in starting up anew must
also be considered in the loss account.
Of course all the stock and finished
goods are gone, and this will put us to
some immediate inconvenience, but we
will re-open as soon as possible. A
great many of the workmen owned
their tools, which are very expensive, but
these they will replace themselves. We
will, of course, re-open as soon as pos
sible, as our business makes a con
stant demand for the finished barrels
or casks." __________^___
BALDWIN ATTACHED.
His Hotel, His Residence and Other
Real Estate Seizeu to Protect a
Claim of Attorney Highton.
"i .cky" Baldwin continues to make
additions to his already numerous col
lection of ai.achments. Two new ones
were place- ■ n record yesterday. One
of these is for $12,610 and the other for
j;«97 37. The former is brought in the
name of Albert T. Roche, and Is on the
assigned claim of Henry E. Highton for
legal services rendered to the millionaire
in the celebrated breach of promise case
brought against Baldwin by Emma Ash
ley and in other matters. The latter is
in the name of E. F. Joy, and is on an
assigned claim of W. W. Montague & Co.
for goods furnished for the Tallac House,
on Lake Tahoe. Suits for both these
amounts are pending In the Superior
Court.
The attachments cover the same prop
erty, consisting of the Baldwin Hotel,
Baldwin's residence on the corner of Cali
fornia and Jones streets and two pieces
of property at the corner of Fell and
Webster streets.
. ♦ . —
TRANS- ATLANTIC STTCAMERS.
STETTlN— Arrived— Noire. New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived— Liiranla. New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived— Auguste Victoria,
New York.
Sailed— Fuerst Bismareh. New York.
MOVlLLE— Sailed— Anchoria. New York
NEW YORK— Sailed— Siberian. Liverpool:
Europe. London; Britannia, Marseilles.
NAPLES— Sailed— Kaiser V.llh.lm 11, New
York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed — Fuerst Bismarck,
Now York.
MARSEILLES— Arrived— Alratln. New York.
C. J. Titus, the proprietor of the Golden
Eagle Hotel at Sacramento, Is at tha
Palace.
The fac-simile • XT^ **ir*\ st:^ ** On ***** wrepper
eignature of (&//?%&&&£ of PASTO&IA,
VARSITY NINES
TO MEET AGAIN
Stanford-Berkeley Game
at Recreation Park
To-Day.
Great Crowd Expected to Cheer
Their Favorites On to
Victory.
Oaklands to Meet the Athletics, For
merly the Olympics, at the Cen
tral Park Grounds.
The crimson and the blue and gold will
meet at Recreation Park again this after
noon In the second game of the series
for the intercollegiate baseball cham
pionship. Stanford has taken its defeat
of last Saturday greatly to heart, and
the team is determined to reverse the
result to-day at all hazards, and with
that determination constantly in mind
the members have devoted every moment
to practice during the week that could
be spared from their studies. Coach
Jack Sheehan has been with them con
stantly, and their work during the past
few days has shown decided improvement.
The same men will go in to-day tnat
played last Saturday, as Sheehan is con
fident they are all good enough to hold
their own with Berkeley if they are in
condition.
California, too. has been far from idle.
' the men fully realizing that because they
won the first game they had no "cinch"
on the other two. Their work during the
week has been steady and conscientious, i
I and they handle themselves now like pro- j
fesslonaJ ball players. Particular atten- j
i tion has been paid to batting by both ;
teams, and to-day's game is counted on |
being a slugging "contest. Both universi
: ties will send large delegations, so the
! meeting will not lack for enthusiasm.
Following is the make-up:
Stanford. Position Berkeley.
Beckett Pitcher Kaarsburg
, Strohn Catcher Mem
Young First base Bride
Harris Second base McLaren
; Loughead, cap. .Shortstop McCabe !
I Klauber Third base Baer |
Murphy Left field Cheesbrough ,
Wight Center field... Hoag. cap. i
Swindells Right field Collins j
AMONG PROFESSIONALS.
Athletics and Oaklands to Meet
To-Day at Central Park.
Baseball is booming in all the cities of
the Pacific States League, and the man
agers of the Sacramento, Santa Cruz and
San Jose teams are confident that the
reason will be a most successful one. The
interior magnates have rounded up some
clever players, and the teams have been
playing such strong games that the
clubs from San Francisco and Oakland
have been taught to realize the neces
sity of strengthening. The Beachcomb
ers and Gilt Edges are exceptionally
strong, and the fans are already pre
dicting that the largest slice of the prize
money will be captured either by Sacra
mento or Santa Cruz. All the games be
tween these clubs last season were
played on their home diamonds, and the
lovers of the sport in this city were
greatly disappointed at their failure to i
witness any of the contests. There was
so much discontent over this circum
stance that the directors of the league
resolved in formulating the schedule of
this season to provide for a game be
tween those crack teams on the Central
Park diamond. The contest will take
place May 8, and will no doubt arouse a
great deal of interest.
The game at Santa Cruz last Sunday
between the Athletics (formerly the
Olympics) of this city and the home team
was protested by the visiting manager
on the ground that he was robbed by the
local umpire. The protest was contested
at a meeting of the executive commit
tee of the league, held at th > office of
President Bert Thursday evening. The
testimony was to the effect that there i
was a great deal of wrangling during
the game, and that the home umpire was
accused of making several rank decisions.
The matter was taken under advisement,
after which it was resolved to authorize
the umpires to Impose fines upon players
guilty of Insubordination, and to turn the
fines over to the treasurer, to be added to
the fund, which shall be distributed to
the winning teams, at the end of the sea
son.
Joe Corbett has not yet joined the Bal
timore Club, although the management
has agreed to give him an increase of
salary. The fact is that the star tv.irler
of the National League is not anxious to
return to the East. There is a little af
fair of the heart that is interesting Cor
bett more than baseball 1 at present, and
he is anxious to settle down in San Fran
cisco. If he remains here he may- engage
In some business and also play with and
captain the Oaklands.
Billings, the crack infielder and strong
hitter of the Stockton Club of the Cali
fornia League, has been signed by Man
ager Coffroth of the Oaklands of the Pa
cific States League, ami will make his
appearance with that team at Central
Park Saturday afternoon.
Manager Hennesev of the Gilt Edges
has secured a new first-base man for his
team in the person of a young society
man of Sacramento, whose name he de
clines to divulge at present. Hennesey
declares that his new man is a crack-a
jack. and Hennesey knows a ball player
when he sees him.
The game at Central Park this after
noon will be between the Athletics, or
Olympics, as they were formerly known,
and the Oaklands. The make-up is as
follows: !
Athletics. Position. Oaklands.
Scott .......Catcher .......Hammond
Smith Pitcher Russell
Poulter First base Gosllnsky
Knell ..Second base Ward
Johnson Third base Brockhoff
White Shortston Eagan
Franks ..... Left field..... Troll
Hildbrand venter field .....Pyne
Bliss ............. Right . field. . . . Donleavey
Fitzpatrick Extra
-: -• '
The Stockton Team
STOCKTON. April s.— Baseball enthus
iasts assembled in strong force at the
courthouse to-night to attend the meet-
Ing of the Stockton club, which has been
regularly incorporated. The stockholders
elected the following board of directors:
Judge McNoble, Joseph Peters Jr.. John
Heermen, George Campbell. Fred Tollard,
Frank Adams and Richard Lexen. The
directors then selected George Campbell
as president and manager, Fred Tollard
secretary and the Bank of Stockton
treasurer. The greatest enthusiasm pre
vailed, and ample money was pledged to
mako tue Stockton team the strongest In
the California League. More interest Is
manifested here in baseball than ever be
fore, the game of last Sunday having
worked the fans up to a high pitch of
excitement. Billings, who played in the
opening game with the team, has been
given his release.
The Liebscher Robbery.
George Barker, who was arrested on
Thursday morning on suspicion of being
the third man implicated in the assault
and robbery of E. Liebscher, grocer, of
Pacific and Mason streets, was identified
by Liebscher yesterday morning, and
charges of robbery ami assault to murder
were booked against him. He claims that
he will bo able to prove an alibi, 'and
■\Yinrow, one of the robbers, declares that
Barker was not with th^m. The police
do not know anything against Barker.
• GT T S GARROX. 2SS Kennny street, near
Bush, sells "STAXPARD" shirts. •
An Excellent Entertainment.
Tlio large audience, at the California
street M. E. Church last night was hand
somely entertained by the presentation
of a programme containing the names of
some of the best amateur musical talent
SAYS RATS SCARED HER.
Family Disgrace Drives Florence Forbes, a Prettu
Young Girl, to Swallow Carbolic Acid,
Florence Forbes, an exceedingly pretty and modest girl IS years of age,
attempted to commit suicide yesterday morning by swallowing a dose of
carbolic acid at 1013 Golden Gate avenue, where she has been employed
as a domestic. The girl said she had to sleep in the basement, and
was almost scared to death by the colony of rats that made night hideous
with their noise. She had been unable to sleep for a week, which made her
extremely nervous. She Is a sensitive girl and brooded over the misfor
tunes of her family. Her father, Major Frank Forbes, who was known as
the champion whiitler of the United States army, died when the children
were young and they were placed in the Protestant Orphans' Home. The
eldest sister married George Foster, a bookmaker, and Florence went to
live with them, but Foster became insane about sixteen months ago and
Mrs. Foster had to break up her home and work for the support of herself
and two young children. Since then Florence has been employed as a do
mestic. Two of her sisters, Delia and Susie, are in the Magdalen Asylum
and her mother Is living with a colored man named Harris at 155 Potrero
avenue. Her mother's conduct particularly preyed upon the mind of the
sensitive young girl, and she made up her mind that it was better to die.
Thursday night she went to a drug store at 1224 Market street and
bought a bottle of carbolic acid. She told the servant girl next door of her
Intention to commit suicide, but the girl thought she was joKlng. About
5 o'clock in the morning she swallowed the poison and became uncon
scious. She was discovered about two hours later and a physician was
summoned. He telephoned to the Central police station and the patrol
wagon was sent to take the girl to the hospital. When the wagon arrived
the physician told Policeman Gaynor that the girl was all right and they
returned to the station. They were almost Immediately called up again
and the girl was taken to the hospital. Dr. Fitzgibbon applied the usual
remedies and the girl was soon pronounced out of danger. She expressed
regret for her act and said she would not try it again. Efforts are being
made to get some family to give the girl a home. The disconsolate girl had
been keeping company with a man named Max Speior. On Monday night
last they went out to the Chutes, but there they quarreled and Florence
left him and walked home alone. Since then the young man has refused to
renew friendship with her, and that added to her desire to quit the world.
of this city. The violin solo by Miss N.
J. E. Hill is deserving of special mention
as being of unusual excellence. The bass
solo by Charles Parent and the selections
rendered by the Orpheus Double Quintet
were enthusiastically applauded and en
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
«» « « «« » «&«a a fe s » ft '» i« aas a « a asJ3»a s » a » «
Proud of His Strength, f
B
THE PERFECTION OF THAT GREAT FORCE KNOWN AS £
manly strength is a work of Nature. : Thousands of men have been ~
gifted with a constitution fit to build. such a physical structure upon, •
but they have wasted the material that makes the muscle vitality. A **
man who has exhausted his vital strength , by excesses and bad habits g
has weakened his physical structure, and he will always be a weak, w
'half man" until he gets it back. There Is one great vitalizer.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. |
No man knows what wonders this famous Belt accomplishes until *£
he feels its inspiring, invigorating life flowing through hi? nerves. But «
see the proofs of its great work — see the grand, powerful men who praise $5
it, for it has made them what they are — physical giants. They are w
everywhere. Every town in the country has from one to twenty men **
made strong by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. »
READ WHAT THIS GRATEFUL MAN SAYS. |
•  . BLAINE, Wash., April 3, 1893. Q
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Sir: * 3
"I take this opportunity to do a long-neglected duty — that is, -the ac- £t
knowledgment of the good, your Electric Belt has done me. It has done all vZ
you claimed for it, and much more than I ever hoped for. Beginning with &
the 10th of January. ' and for three weeks, I wore the Belt, following your £
directions and advice, and the benefit received from it was nothing short w
of a miracle. Palpitation of the heart all gone, digestive organs in good *■*
working order, muscles strong and firm, mind clear, memory good and a &
general all-round Improvement. It v has made a great change in me. Any ~
one you wish to refer to me, either personally or by letter, I will gladly tell "
.them the good tho Belt has done me. Yours respectfully, J. D. NASH." £f
IT WILL CURE YOU. §
■ ■--■ . ■ •-". ■ ' ■■• : . 8
"When a remedy has the indorsement of people in all sections of the w
• State it must be worth trying. If you are not well, if your nerves are :T
not strong, or you have any sickness, It will cure you. Try it. Book, »
with full instructions' and prices, sent sealed, without marks, free on ap- 8
plication. _ # £{
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., * $5000 reward * »
632 Market Street, San Francisco. Will be paid for. one of $2
NOTE— no . mistake ■in the number- thr^p Bplta which fail* M
632 MARKET street. . - « uieae .tseits * men tails «
- Office hours," Ba. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10..; to generate a current of «
to -1...- Branches at , Los Angreles, Cal., 204 Vi Flpotrtoitv v«
South Broadway; Portland, Or., 263 Washington . u-iecirjciiy. . . . 1 q
street; Denver, Colo.. 931 Sixteenth street; 4- * n
Dallas. Tex., 256 Main street. w
... '.. • ...- . • '■- ....■- . ..." '- ■»■
cores demanded. Miss Myrtle Watkins
gave a recitation. The evening's enter
tainment closed with the presentation of
"Mrs. Jarley's Wax Works," given un
der the supervision of Mrs. L. O. Hodg
son.
56
SATURDAY APRIL 16, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjis city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents. : v "?;^*;;r'
THE WEEKLY CALL.... .One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfte Hooee
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mar^tte B«I!dln£
C. GEORGE KROQNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— SS7 Montgomery street, comer Clay,
open until Sh3o o'clock- 38T Hayes street, open until
9--30 o'clock- 6£l McAllister street, open until 9-.30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open uotfl 9-30 o'clock..
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2591 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2918
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 930 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranger In New York : \
Columbia— "Shore Aero« "
California— "Old Lavender."
Alcazar— "The Straneo Adventures of Miss Brown '
Mcronco's— "Pavements of New York."
Tlvoll— '•Slnb.-ul the Sailor."
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Paloma Sohramm. this afternoon.
Y. M. C. A. Hall— -The Passion Play. 1
The Chutes-Zoo. Vaudr-vilie. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Baseball to-day.
California Jockey Clud, Oakland— Races.
Coursing— lnglr-slde Coursing Park.
El Campo— Miirtlc. dancing boating, fishing, every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— This day, April Hi, Turkish Rugs, at 106
Grant avenut- at '-' O'clock.
c DUTY TOWARDS THE GUfIRD.
THERE seems every likelihood that the Na
tional Guard of California will be called to ac
tive service. That they will respond enthu
siastically there can be no doubt. It is unfair that
they should be asked to do this at great personal
loss and the hardship of losing positions in which
they earn their daily bread. They merit the practical
good will of every citizen.
The men of the National Guard of California are
not idlers. They come from the shop, from the desk,
the counting-room and the counter. They toil in
mills and factories; every honest vocation is repre
sented in their ranks. They are always ready to re
spond to the summons of the State or nation. They
would go to the front as gladly and gallantly as now
tiny will undertake the work from which the regular
soldiers have been ordered.
In the East some large employers — for in
stance. Wells. Fargo & Co.— have informed their
employe-; that any needed in the contest with
Spain may consider themselves at liberty to go, that
their pay will be continued, at least in part, and that
upon return their old positions will be awaiting them.
This is generous, but it is no more than right. It is
nothing but a seemly expression of patriotism.
Members of the California National Guard should
be assured that none by performing the service now
made necessary by the exigency of impending war
shall be deprived of the means of livelihood when the
emergency shall have passed. The employer who by
threat of discharge seeks to deter the State militiamen
from upholding the honor of the land will fall far
short not only of the pattern set by others, but of the
performance of a plain and simple duty of citizenship.
OREGON REPUBLICANS.
CLEAR, forcible and patriotic is the voice of the
Republicans of Oregon on the issues of the
day. The platform adopted by the State con
vention at Astoria is as terse, as vigorous and as em
phatic a declaration of the principles of the party and
its policies at this issue as could be desired by even
the most aggressive and stalwart Republican of any
part of the country.
The two issues of supreme importance are the
money question and the Spanish crisis, and on both
of these the utterances of the platform are notably
strong. They will be read all over the Union as evi
dences of the sentiment of the Republicans of the Pa
cific Coast, and will carry everywhere the assurance
that there is to be in the West no further compromis
ing with the silver men, nor any antagonism to the
policy of the President in dealing with the Spaniards,
whether the issue be peace or war.
The declaration in favor of the gold standard is ac
companied by the announcement, "We believe the best
money in the world is none too good to be assured
by the Government to the laborer as the fruit of his
toil or the farmer as the price of his crop." To this
is added a condemnation of the continued agitation
for free silver as calculated to jeopardize the prosper
ity of the country, and there is a particular condemna
tion of the unpatriotic efforts of the free silver agi
tators to array class against class and section against
•ection.
On the war issue there is a full and patriotic declar
ition of confidence in the administration. This is the
keynote of Republican sentiment everywhere on this
issue. In a crisis of this kind there ought to be the
fullest harmony among all citizens. An opposition
to the administration or an effort to destroy confi
dence in the President is at this juncture almost a
treason to the nation. The Republicans of Oregon
have done well to speak in no uncertain tones on the
issue, and can with reason rely upon the people to
sustain them at the polls.
By cable from Madrid comes the important infor
mation that over there the people are inclined to view
the message of the President "as derogatory to Span
ish dignity." Perhaps it is all of this. A message
which cites the bloody record and the treachery of a
nation could hardly have been designed to tickle its
vrnity.
One O'Neil who has been arrested for burglary also
figures as a bondsman for a man named Kellett, who
has fled the city. A common sense of gratitude should
now impel Kellett to return. Doubtless -he could get
accepted as surety for his friend O'Neil.
Of course another lot of Chinese have been per
mitted to enter on the plea of desiring to participate
in the Trans-Mississippi Exposition, and after having
given their promise to go back. Faith is a beautiful
thing.
Now is the time for a graceful backdown on the
part of Spain. A little later the operation may be so
precipitate as to give the impression of being awk
ward,
MR. BRYAN APPEARS.
V 4 R. WILLIAM JENNINGS BRYAN ap
/ \ peared in Washington on Thursday to advo
cate raising the European blockade of Spain
which has been created by the President's policy.
General Lee has advised that the blockade stand, that
there be no recognition of the Junta and no demand
for the dismemberment of Spain, her refusal to be
the cause of a declaration of war against her.
Lee has been mentioned as the next Democratic
candidate for the Presidency. He has stood, with
bravery and patience, in a position of supreme diffi
culty, and has assisted the administration in preserv
ing the isolation of Spain. He is popular. His re
ception in this country testifies to that. Mr. Bryan
has filed a caveat on the next Democratic nomination.
He sees in Lee a possible competitor who will carry
away New York and the Southern delegations.
Therefore he must make politics against Lee in his
own party, and against the President in the country.
lo do this he repairs to Washington to advise recog
nition of the Junta, which Lee says should not be
done. Mr. Bryan's reason is stated to be that "it
will be the proper political step to take; it will be
popular."
Reading the expressions from Continental Europe
uttered at the very time Mr. Bryan was making per
sonal and party politics out of the prospective
slaughter of men in war, we see plainly the result that
will follow the acceptance of his advice. France, our
ancient ally, stands with Spain on the issue of dis
memberment. Austria stands with France. From
Germany comes no expression except of aversion
and hatred for the United States. Russia, just estab
lishing herself at the end of a march of two centuries
in search of an unfrozen harbor, as the possessor of
extraterritorial domain, has vital interests against
the theory of a right to demand dismemberment. So,
from Biscay to the Baltic, lies the possibility and ex
treme probability of a Continental alliance with
Spain if Mr. Bryan's "good politics" prevail in Con
gress.
This nation is formidable. It has i 0.000.000 fighting
men, and what credit Mr. Bryan's conspiracy against
its financial soundness leaves to it. It can make war
against Spain for the destruction of a battle-ship and
the murder of her crew, or it can intervene in Cuba,
following a long chapter of precedents established by
all the European powers, and Spain can make this
the cause of a declaration of war. As the necessary
result of either course Cuba will be liberated and
our loss of life and treasure will be reduced to a
minimum. The people of Cuba will then form a
government to suit themselves, regardless or regard
ful of the Junta, as they choose.
Mr. Bryan, however, does not want this plan fol
lowed. He wants an issue to use in his business of
getting an office. Therefore he desires action by
Congress that will be, in its final analysis, a 'eclara
tion of war against Continental Europe. His selfish
personal interests, as he sees them, require that the
United States assume a right not claimed by any em
pire, principality or power from Babylon to these
days. He wants us to demand the dismemberment of
Spain, and to fight her if she refuse. He wants to
change the issue and shift the ground of contro
versy. He wants to destroy the Monroe doctrine, to
abandon the traditional policy of this Government,
and to take a position which dissolves every existing
rule of international right and responsibility. He is
the ambitious youth scratching a match to light a
conflagration that will extend no man knows where,
and be quenched no man knows when.
Can we credit Mr. Bryan with knowing enough to
know what he is doing? On him is no official re
sponsibility. That rests with the man who beat him.
Is his sense of propriety so bankrupt, so drowned
in the great gulf of his consuming vanity, as to cause
the belief that he is the leader of the people, that he
is the dictator of policy, that he holds the issue of
peace or war, of life or death?
If so, he is on the eve of an awakening that will be
instructive. Congress is not composed entirely of
self-seeking politicians, nor does the country wish to
water Mr. Bryan* s wheel with blood. If it is to be
shed the red stream will run that honor may live,
not that Mr. Bryan may get an office. He has his
analogue in Spain. He is the American pretender,
the Nebraska Don Carlos, the political Bourbon, who
learns nothing and who forgets nothing. His Span
ish counterpart threatens domestic revolution if the
Spanish Government go against his ideas, while Mr.
Bryan threatens to make an issue at the polls if the
man who beat him refuse to accept his leadership.
A NATIONAL LOBEL LAW.
ADDRESSES made on the opening day of the
State Fruit-growers' Association at Riverside
clearly reveal the interest taken by our fruit
men in the movement toward procuring such legis
lation as may be required to protect them from the
injurious competition of the makers of adulterated
fruit foods. The issue is, in fact, one that concerns
the general public as well as the fruit men, and it will
remain a subject of incessant agitation until it has
been settled for all time by being settled right.
The enactment of local regulations or State laws
against the manufacture or sale of impure foods is
not a sufficient remedy for the evil, and cannot be, no
matter how drastic or sweeping such laws may be
made. The contest involves something more than the
suppression of adulterations that are proved to be
harmful and perhaps poisonous. A large number of
the manufactured articles put on the market as fruit
preserves or olive oils are harmless enough in their
nature, but are none the less a fraud on the public
and a wrong to the producers of genuine preserves
and true olive oil, because they are made of cheap
stuff and are not what they pretend to be.
Mr. WardeH is reported to have urged upon the
fruit-growers the importance of a national law on the
subject and to have advocated such legislation as
should require every article offered for sale to be
labeled according to its true character. There would
be no injustice to any one in such a law. If the '"so
phisticated foods." as they are called by those who
deny that they are "adulterations," are harmless, the
manufacturers of them can certainly have no objec
tion to selling them under their rightful names. A
man who is willing to consume a preserve made of
apple-cores and glucose flavored with orange should
be permitted to do so, but he ought not to be made
to pay for it under the impression that he is getting
genuine orange marmalade.
Our Government requires that all imported goods
shall be plainly marked "Made in Germany" or
France or England, as the case may be, and a simi
lar marking should be required as to what they are
made of, whether manufactured at home or abroad.
Cotton-seed oil should be sold as the product of
cotton-seed and not as the product of an olive.
Apple jam and glucose should be sold as the product
of corn fields and apple-cores, and not as the product
of Californian orange groves. It is time to put an
end to this commercial masquerading. Honest label
ing will injure no honest article.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
TK|E MOYOR AND HIS POWERS.
THE efforts of some of the supporters of the
proposed new charter to conceal the true char
acter of the powers which have been conferred
by that instrument upon the Mayor arc in the nature
of an electoral confidence game. The leading fea
tures of the charter are centralization and individual
responsibility. If the principles underlying these are
good things, why should anybody attempt to hide
them from the public or meet arguments against them
with pleas in avoidance or denials
One organ which is engaged in grinding out new
charter tunes daily has stated in terms that the Mayor
created by the charter will not be a "Lord Mayor 1 ' —
meaning by this that he will not under the instru
ment exercise powers of an extraordinary character.
For the purpose of countervailing an article in this
journal in which the functions of the Mayor were
dearly defined, this organ submits an extended state
ment of the powers which the charter-makers have
conferred upon the people. It illustrates the self
sacrificing magnanimity of the Freeholders with the
allegation that they have authorized the people to
elect eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor, Treasurer, As
sessor, Tax Collector, Coroner, Recorder, City At
torney, District Attorney, Public Administrator,
County Clerk, Sheriff, twelve Superior Judges, five
Justices of the Peace and four Police Judges.
The publication of this is accompanied by the as
sertion that when it is alleged that the proposed char
ter has created a Mayor with unprecedented powers a
supremely ridiculous statement is made. Yet the fact
remains that all the patronage controlled by the offi
cials whose creation has thus been generously con
ferred upon the people will not aggregate one-quarter
that which the Mayor will directly and indirectly con
trol. With the patronage of the Board of Public Works
alone the Mayor under the proposed new charter could
undoubtedly, if so disposed, dictate terms to the en
tire elective portion of the government. Should San
Francisco enter upon a system of street and sewer
improvements during the next ten years it would ex
pend from $25,000,000 to $30,000,000 in new work.
Every dollar of this money would literally pass
through the hands of the Mayor.
A Mayor of this character, as we have previously
remarked, may be a good thing. Possibly this town
has reached a stage when it is necessary that it should
have some such potentate to manage its affairs. But
what good is going to be accomplished by concealing
the nature of the monarch we are about to create? Is
it honest for the Freeholders to smuggle this sort of
a Mayor into the City Hall without letting us know
what sort of a kinglet he really is? If centralization
and individual responsibility are correct in principle,
a fight ought to be made upon them openly and
above board. That is the honest way to conduct the
charter campaign.
AN ART GALLERY FOR SAN JOSE.
BY the generous offer of Mrs. M. P. O'Connor
of that city San Jose has an opportunity to ob
tain an art collection valued at about §ioo,ooo.
The offer of the donor is subject to the sole condition
that the city or its people provide for the collection a
building suitable for the purpose. A site will be
granted for the edifice in Normal School square, so
ihat the city will have no further expense entailed
upon it than that required for the construction of the
building.
The terms and conditions being so favorable and
the collection to be gained so valuable, there can be
no doubt the San Joseans will be prompt to avail
themselves of the opportunity to enrich their city for
all time with an art gallery which from the start will
be one of the most notable in the State. It is re
ported that upward of $5000 has been subscribed al
ready to the building fund, and the movement to ob
tain subscriptions has hardly more than begun.
This liberal offer on the part of Mrs. O'Connor is
not to be passed over as a comparatively unimportant
event in the history of San Jose or even in that of the
State. Artistic development has been one of the
most salient features of American life during the last
quarter of a century, and there is every assurance
that in the future art culture and art work will en
gage an increasing amount of the attention and the
energy of our people. Those communities that have
advantages in the way of such culture will become
more and more esteemed as places of residence, and
will therefore gain in the contest for pre-eminence
with other cities equally favored perhaps in other
respects, but lacking in that which is now becoming
so essential to our intellectual life.
It is to be noted, moreover, that even commerce in
these days is developing largely along artistic lines.
Among articles equally good as to quality and use
the preference of customers is always for those which
are presented in the most artistic forms. This fact
has been strikingly illustrated in the course of the
industrial struggle between France, Germany and
Great Britain. A generation ago the French held
almost a monopoly of certain valuable lines of trade
because of the superior beauty and taste of the ar
ticles produced by their workmen. The establishment
of art schools in Germany and England has broken
down that monopoly, and now the people of those
countries are supplying not only their own markets,
but those of the world, with such goods in competi
tion with France.
Similar results have been accomplished in the
United States,- though on a less extensive scale.
Enough has been done here, however, to show the
commercial and industrial value of fine art. The of
fered gift of Mrs. O'Connor to San Jose is therefore
a public benefit of the widest scope and highest char
acter. The effect produced by such an art collection
there will be felt as an influence throughout the State,
and indirectly all California will be benefited by it.
A generous deed has been done by a generous
woman, and the San Joseans in providing a building
for the collection should bear in mind they are to
build for all time and for an institution that will
grow with the years, and consequently their edifice
should be made spacious, durable and noble.
If the map of the Golden Gate showing the alleged
position of alleged guns and torpedoes had been even
in a measure correct its publication in the Examiner
at this time would have been near treason and ample
ground for Government suppression of the paper.
Under the circumstances, however, the publication
was merely a symptom of paresis.
The appointment of Weyler as commander of the
Spanish forces would be satisfactory both to the
Cubans and to this country. There would be poetic
justice in throwing his carcass to the same vultures
who have been faring on lean and unnutritious re
cor.centrados.
There seems to have been a lack of stability about
the rumor that W. K. Vanderbilt intended to present
to the Government a warship worth $5,000,000.
It seems that the army has been strengthened by
the desertion of a few cowards from the Presidio.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
At last the matinee girl and the woman
hero-worshiper of New York have found
an American to burn incense befr . in
stead of seeking out hirsute foreigners
for the objects of their adoration. David
Bispham, a home product, is the latest
cult, and to ail appearances he is fuliv
filling the aching void left vacant by
Paderewski, Jean de Reszke and Max Al
vary. A corresponded who. attended one
of his recent concerts says: "I have heard
about the Bispham cult, seen articles in
the jocose columns of certain frivolous
journals relating to it, but I never real
ized the full extent of the mania until I
attended a concert the other afternoon at
the Astoria, where the American bary
tone sang. I had a seat that day near the
stage — one poor, forlorn man almost
burled in a sea of satins and laces and
suffocated with a hundred subtle odors.
DAVID BISPHAM, THE OBJECT OF THE NEW CULT.
Bispham stands up to sing-. lam sensible
of a fluttering all around me; front the
corners of my eyes I see beautiful women
pinch one another in ecstasy of Joyful an
ticipation; I hear issue from four-score
lovely bosoms long drawn-out sighs of
perfect bliss, on the waves of which float
such sweet expressions as 'Oh, isn't he
lovely?' 'Ah, what a man!' 'Did you ever
know such an artist?' 'What a voice!'
'How he does sing!' 'Isn't he the sweet
est thing?' and, to cap the climax of hys
teria this last, 'Oh, aren't you glad you're
alive?' There are some good, eomnton,
sensible people who will fancy perhaps
that I am making these tales out of
whole cloth, but I assure them, and will
swear on a stack of Bibles if demanded
of me, that I have written not a whit
more than the truth in telling what hap
pened at the Astoria."
Jan Blockx and Tiere's successful opera,
"The Princess of the Inn," is to be pro
duced at the Monnaie Theater, Brussels,
next season; Berlin has also secured it.
The other day it reached its fiftieth per
formance at Ghent, and, among- the mani
festations of which the composer was the
object on that occasion was one which
shows how generally librettists are neg
lected. Amid the acclamations of the
crowded theater Jan Blockx was called to
the box of the Mayor, M. Braun, who,
surrounded by his civic officers, solemnly
presented the successful composer with a
gold medal bearing the inscription: "La
Ville de Gand a Jan Blockx — I'r'ncesso
d'Auberge, 1898": (The city of Ghent to
Jan Blockx, "Princess of the Inn"— lS9S).
Jan Blockx gracefully expressed his
thanks for the tribute, and there was
general emotion. At the next session of
the Municipal Council several of the
Councilors asked the Mayor why the
librettist, M. de Tiere, had not been asso
ciated in the homage rendered Jan
Blockx. M. Braun answered frankly:
"We forgot all about him." The musician
had been the only one remembered; no
one had given one thought to the libret
tist. It is the general rule to overlook
librettists in this manner, but the Muni
cipal Council of Ghent resolved to do the
right thing, so the Councilors at once or
dered a medal to be struck off for M. de
Tlere. It was too late, however, to offer
it to him publlciy, so it was finally re
solved to send the librettist his medal by
post. t
The veteran song writer, Henry Rus
sell, although so very popular some years
ago, received scarcely any emolument
from his compositions; the competence he
realized was made by giving concerts and
singing and playing his own songs. Had
he written the whole of his works last
year he might have been a wealthy man
to-day, but there were no "royalties" in
the thirties. Nowadays the composer of
a popular song may make thousands of
dollars by one eifort, but the songs which
rang through England and America years
ago brought practically no result, apart
from Mr. Russell's singing of them.
"Cheer, Boys, Cheer" was sold for a
sovereign, and ' rhe Gamblers Wire,"
"The Maniac" and "The Slave Ship" yield
ed a like amount. "Nowadays," says Mr.
Russell, "a man receives fourpence for
every copy sold of his song, but I never re
ceived a single fourpence in royalties. On
one occasion thirty-nine presses were
working to supply the demand for
•Cheer, Boys, Cheer,' yet all I got was
a sovereign, though afterward the pub
lisher did give me a ten-pound note. But
he made a fortune out of my Work."
Jules Schuloff, whose pianoforte com
positions are known to amateurs all over !
the world, has just died in Berlin at the j
age of 73. Schuloff was born in Prague,
and completed his musical studies in |
Paris under Chopin. He made numbers '
of tours as a concert-pianist through
Europe, especially Germany, England,
Russia and Spain. For forty years he
gave pianoforte lessons in Paris, and
later in life settled in Dresden and finally
at Berlin. Among his best-known com
positions are "The Shepherd's Song"
(Chant dcs Bergers), the "Fantasie" on
popular Bohemian airs and his "Concert j
Waltzes."
The commission that Is organizing the
coining exposition at Turin has requested
Luigl Mancinelli to write an Inaugural
cantata to words by E. Berta. The com
poser has accepted the offer. Mancinelli
is the only Italian whose name figures on
the programme of Covent Garden Opera
House this season; the singers are Amer
ican, English, Scotch, Polish, French,
Scandinavian, Belgian, etc., etc., but
Mancinelli, one of the conductors. Is the
only Italian in the long list of singers,
conductors, etc.
Raynaldo Hahn, who set to music
Pierre Lotl's "he Mariage de Loti," Is one
of the most envied men in Paris. Not yet
24, he Is the matinee girl's and the piano
girl's idol. His dreamy melodies are
played on all the boudoir pianos and sung
in all the drawing rooms of Paris, and
now he has made his debut as an operatic
composer at the Opera Comique with a
three-act opera, based on Loti's marriage,
which has been generally pronounced
"sweetly poetical." fiaynaldo Hahn is a
fortunate man.
A competition has been opened to all
composers of Italian nationality for the
composition of a mass in the severe style.
It is to be written for four voices with
organ accompaniment and is to follow
the rules laid down for masses on July
4, 1594. A prize of 1000 francs will be given
to the successful competitor and medals
and diplomas of merit will be presented
if a cumber of good masses are present-
cd. The successful work will be exe
cuted publicly in Turin.
Many years ago Mme. Bordas was a
favorite at cafe concerts in Paris, on ac
count of the spirited way in which she
sang the popular songs of the period.
This lady, who has not been heard of
for twenty years, has written from Al
giers to L'Echo de Paris, saying that her
voice still retains all its pristine beauty
and that she intends to visit Paris in 1900
and show the world what French popular
songs were at the period when she was
in her zenith.
According to all accounts a second
Mozart has come to light at Bergamo, In
Italy. The new aspirant for musical
honors Is an infant phenomenon in his
eleventh year, who has already mastered
the science of music. The precocious
child is completing the orchestration of
an opera in one act entitled "Carmela,"
the libretto of which was written by
Signor Parmenio Bettoli.
The score of Massenet's "Cinderella" j
was played over the other day at the '
Opera Comique to Albert Carre, in pres
ence of the librettist, Henri Cain, and of i
a number of French musicians of note. I
It was pronounced to be an exquisite i
score and was eagerly accepted for pro
duction at the Opera Comique.
A new operetta has been given at the
Alfieri Theater, Turin, entitled "Rafael
and the Fornarina." The work fell flat
on account of an impossible libretto;
possibly the Italians objected to seeing
their great painter and his favorite model
made the subject of a comic opera.
Slgnora Anna Stolzmann, a prima don
na, was ambitious enough some months
ago to become manager on her own ac
count of the San Carlo Theater, Naples,
the biggest opera house in the world with
the one exception of La Scala, Milan. The
lady has just gone into bankruptcy, her
chief creditors being the members of the
chorus and the orchestra.
A grand concert was given in Saint
Petersburg lately by the Imperial Society
of Music. All the proceeds of this con
cert are to be devoted to founding a con
servatory of music at Wechwotynez, the
place where Anton Rubinstein was born.
The new conservatory will bear the name
of the celebrated musician.
A solemn musical function has been
given at Saint Peter's, at Rome, to cele
brate the Jubilee of the maestro Mustafa,
who for fifty years has been the musical
director of the Sistine Chapel. A num
ber of musical celebrities were present
on the occasion.
Faniiy Francisca continues her vocal
successes at Monte Carlo. It is a pity
that this gifted San Francisco prima don
na does not give the public elsewhere a
chance of hearing her. Up to the pres
ent her successes have been confined to
occasional appearances m coricert at
Monte Carlo.
Mme. Frances Saville, the California
prima donna, has left the Vienna Grand
Opera House for a few special appear
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When Outfitting
for the Klondike bear in mind
that Royal Baking Powder is
an absolutely necessary sup-
ply* No other baking pow-
der will endure the severe
climate of the Arctic region.
g°_y AL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
ances at the Opera Comique. Paris. After
her present engagement she will return
to Vienna, where she is a popular favor
ite.
Mascagrni is vigorously prosecuting for
libel II Mattino, an Italian newspaper
which recently published a false account
of his suicide. He says he means to show
the editor that he is very much alive.
WHEN Th|E WOR MORN TOOTS.
From the slopes o' Californy to the rocky
shores of Maine,
From the shadders o' the mountain an the
I level o' the plain,
From the bank oil' from the workshop, from
the office an' the store,
Comes the cry o1o 1 loyal legions eager for tne
field o' war.
Men of every rank and station, rich an' poor
an' high an' low.
Are with feverish impatience waitin' fur th<*
word to go —
They are eager fur to couple onto anything
that shoots—
They are ready. Uncle Sammy, when the
War
Horn
Toots.
Every loyal hand is itchin' fur to grab a fight
in' gun.
Every patriot is eager fur to dabble in the fun.
An' we'll teach the dons in manner that is
purty nearly right
That we're peaceable in peace but nasty fellers
in a fight.
Sound the noisy bugle, Uncle, let the drums
begin to beat,
An" you'll see us hit the landscape mighty
sudden with our feet;
We will come as trained militia an' will come
as raw recruits —
We are ready, Uncle Sammy, when the
War
Horn
Toots.
Every gal in Colorado tells her steady he must
go.
An' must win heroic laurels in the presence
o' the fae,
An' that when the war is over If he stayed
beside the flag,
He will find her waitin' fur him, even if he
lost a leg.
An' there's lot o' married fellers intimate
they're goin',
Not through loyal feelin', mebbe, but fur rea
sons o' their own;
Colorado will be with you, you can bet your
rawhide bootB —
We are ready. Uncle Sammy, when the
War
Horn
Toots.
—Denver Post.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE NAVEL ORANGE— B. E., City. It
is said that what is known as the Wash
ington navel orange was discovered In
Bahia, Brazil, whence it was carried to
Australia, but It did no. succeed there.
The Botanical Department of Washing
ton, D. C, sent for slips, forwarded them
to Southern California, and when in due
time the trees bore fruit the oranges
were named "Washington Navel" in com
pliment to the department at the capital
of the nation.
THE SALVATION ARMY— J. T., City.
Generally speaking the Salvation Army
does not distribute its War Cry free, but
once a year all copies of the paper
that are a year old are gathered and
distributed without cost. The Army does
not take in at its stations any individual
who applies for a bed or food. The rule
of the Army is that the individual must
work in the wood yard or do some work
as an equivalent for what is furnished.
The Army has a dispensary attached to
its station known as the institute.
COLORED MEN— G. L. X.. Potrero,
City. Pinkney B. S. Pinchback of African
descent was a member of the Louisiana
Senate in IS6B. He was Lieutenant-Gov
ernor of Louisiana, and was Governor of
that State during the impeachment of
Governor Warmouth. He was elected to
the United States Senate in 1573. but was
not allowed his seat. Blanch K. Bruce,
j another colored man, represented Missis
> sippi in the United States Senate from
I 1875 to 1881. R. B. Blliott. also a colored
' man. represented South Carolina in the
] United States Congress in the Forty-sec
i ond and Forty-third congresses.
NATIVITY— J. T., City. A man is a na
{ tive of the country in which he was born.
j There is a difference between nativity and
■ citizenship. Tf a man and his wife, na
j tives of the United States, travel through
China for sight seeing and while in the
Chinese Empire a son is born to them
that son is a Chinaman, but he is an
American citizen, or. more properly, a
! citizen of the United States, A man born
: in Ireland is an Irishman, but he is a
British subject, unless born to parents
traveling through the country or born to
: parents the father being in the diplomatic
j service of a foreign nation. In that case
the child is Irish, but a citizen of the
| country the father represents.
Cai. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Houp*> and floor paints, stains, var
nishes, gold paint, liquid glue and paste
in small cms for family use in Artists'
Material Department at Sanborn &
Tail's. •
REFLECTIONS OP* A BACHELOR.
No man who shaves himself can be at
all times a Christian.
A pessimist is a man who had dyspep
sia so bad yesterday that he can't" enjoy
his dinner to-day for fear he'll have it
again to-morrow.
It is sad to -ninl: that if Adam and Eve
had had a chance to grow un as children
together they would never have wanted
to get married.
When a man wants to tickle a girl half
to death he insinuates that when he is
with her he is always afraid he will say
more than he intnds to.
The average woman has an idea that
until a man falls in love he goes around
looking into every girl's face with an
anxious, searching look. — New York
Press.
If you suffer from looseness of the bowels Dr.
SIF.GERT'S AXGOSTCRA BITTERS will CUre you.
Be sure you get Dr. Siegert's.
Fob Coughs, astiima and Throat Disorders
'Sroivn's Broncliiid Troches" are an effectual
remedy. Sold only in boxes.
"WISDOM FROM RAM'S HORN.
Talent is unminted gold.
Adversity has sharp teeth.
No fraud is more wicked than cheating
in a love game.
Do your best to-day and you will be
able to do better to-morrow.
The man who confesses his ignorance
is on the road to wisdom.
To marry for money may turn out like
going to the hornet for honey.
It is a great accomplishment to know
how to make the best of life as it comes.
More good will be sure to come if we
are grateful for the cood that has al
ready come.
Set no standard for others— they may
live nearer to the light they have re
ceived than you do.FLOWERS TO AID
THE HOME FUND
The Latest Plan to Assist
the Big Masonic
Festival.
Blossoms Coming From All
Over the State, Sent
by the Lodges.
The Souvenir Progranims Nearly
Ready for the Printer— lt Will
Bo a Work of Art
The Bale of flowers is the ruling ques
tion just now among those who are
doing the most work for the Masonic
festival. Flowers will be sent into the
city from all over the State and they
will be exposed for sale at prominent
places. The idea of selling flowers came
from the out-of-town lodges. They
■wanted to send them ■ , but the festi
val will he held so late in the year that
it was f<umd there would be but few of
the finer varieties in blossom. It was
then suggested that the flowers be sent
In at unce, and this will be done during
the coming week. There are some flow-
ers already for sale, but the big con
>signments will come in in the next few
days.
Mrs. W. Frank Pierce, the chairman
of i he committee on booths, received
letters yesterday from Cloverdale, Red
ding, Colusa, Healdsburg, Pacific Grove,
Neve da City, Fresno, San Diego, Gait,
Pam< 'na, Lincoln and Salinas. In each
of these places the ladies of the Eastern
Stars have determined to hold minia
ture fairs just before the coming Ma-
BOnic festival and, to send the results
of the fair in each case for the benefit
of tlie festival in San Francisco.
The ladies of Durant Lodge in
Berkeley have concluded to get up a
photographer's booth and will take
pictures at the festival day and night.
They will donate the entire receipts to
the festival.
The committee on cash donations.
headed by . .ippman Sachs, is now
busily at work gathering in such mon
eys as have been promised. John D.
Spr^ck^ls and Timothy Hopkins report
that most of the banks will donate cash
to the festival. P. C. Hale and Charles
L. Patton saw many of the Market-
Ftreet merchants yesterday and secured
many good donations.
The souvenir programme is nearly
for the press. There will be an
issu.- of 5000 struck off as a starter and
then more will be surplied as the de
mand justifies. L<>uis Roesch. chair
man of the committee which will take
charge of the distribution of the sou
venirs, had an idea that th_ ¥ programme
will net the fund fully $4000 before the
fair is over. It will have 150 pages and
will be beautifully illustrated through
out. The cover will be printed in seven
colors and in a^ design purely Masonic.
The souvenir will contr.in the pro
gramme for the entire festival and for
all the special features, and will besides
have an exhaustive history of the home,
its aims and intentions and the need of
its work.
The booths as so far arranged for
nnd the ladles . who will be in charge
and the chapters and led es that are
arranging them are as follows:
Icecream. Unity Chapter. Mrs A D
IVllson; lemonade, Reulah Chapter Mrs'
R. Kisnert: candy. Golden Gate Mrs X
J. "VVlllats: cigars, Ivy Chapter. Mrs. s'
Dow: grab bag. Harmony. Mrs. Mill
berry; wheel of fortune. King Solomon's
Mrs. C. L. P. Marais; souvenir pro
gramme and aprons. Mission. Mrs M
Searles: klnetoscope, Oak Leaf Mrs a"
C. Richards: crisps. Oakland Command
pry. Mrs. .1. S. Emery: Egyntian, Golden
Gate Commandery, Mrs. H. J. Sadler
tile?. Mr. Hurlburt: living pictures. Fi
delity, Mrs. Schlisspnger; postofliee' Fi
delity. Mrs. Cellar! us: Fidelity. Fidelity
Mrs. Dr. Kohn; souvenir glasses, Scot
tish Rite of San Francisco, Mrs. Henry
Klin.l; Sloane, Amaranth. Mrs. N A
Darling: art, Oakland Lodge. Mrs. Frank
pgden; shrine. Mrs. H. J. Sadler; Cali
fornia. Mrs. Sam Mayer: souvenir
spoons. Grand Chanter, Mrs. Thomas
Flint: sofa pillows. Mcs. Jessie Mills and
Mrs. C. M. Plum; cloak room and booth
The Cover Page of the Souvenir Programme
for the Big Festival, and Louis Roesch, Chairman
of the Committee Which Wall Have Charge of
the Issue. . . '_ -,i
AN AUTOMATIC AIR BRAKE FOR STREET CARS.
A. J. Martin, who a few years ago was
a member of the Board of Fire Commis
sioners, has Invented a powerful auto
matic air brake for use on electric cars.
One of the cars of the San Francisco and
San Mateo electric line has been fitted
with the device, and for the past month
numerous tests have been made with it.
Its operation has fully come up to what
was expected of it, and railroad experts
who have seen it claim that it is by far
the best and most economical brake yet
applied to street cars. In the tests made
with it a car running at a speed of. twelve
Scottish Rite of Oakland, Mrs. Webb
Pearce; Japanese tea garden, Doric
Lodge. Mrs. Thomas Hills; American
relics, Excelsior, Mrs. Judge Cook; thea
ter. California Commandery; photog
raphy. Durant Lodge,' Mrs. Kerrvman;
souvenir badges, Mount Moriah," Mrs.
Buyer.
Judge John Garber's
Trials as a chicken farmer, Robert Mc-
Murray's Easter service experience,
Judge Van Rensselaer's passion for sea
gulls, the dilemma of a staid and gay
old gentleman of frivolous tendencies,
and other short stories; society, drama,
the whip of the crier; editorials; para
graphs crisp and pertinent; an inter
esting article on mining in Alaska,
special stories, etc., make up the twen
ty-four pages of to-day's News Letter.
At all news stands; 10 cents.
Boone Waits an Accounting.
John L. Boone. a patent attorney, com
menced suit yesterday to secure an ac
counting from Francis M. Wright, who
until February last was associated with
him in business. Wright Is now en-
K»p;eii in business at 723 Market street
and Boone claims that he has failed to
account for the moneys received and
handled by the old firm.
More Litigation for Kelso.
Abraham Halscy commenced suit yes
terday against John Kelso to recover
|996 claimed to be due on a note exe
cuted September 8, 1896.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
miles an hour was stopped in eleven feet
and at eight miles an hour in four and
a half feet. With the present hand
brakes in use on the Market street car
system tests were made, and a car run
ning at the rate of ten miles an hour was
stopped with the wheel brakes in ninety
five feet, and with both wheel and track
brakes in thirty-three feet. On a down
grade at the same speed the car was
brought to a standstill in 120 feet with
the wheel brakes and with both the wheel
and track brakes in sixty feet.
The application of the Martin air brake
is almost instantaneous. No long levers
KELSO COMPANY
PROSECUTION
Unions Will Carry the
Case to the Highest
Courts.
Labor Council to Help the
New Organization of
Tailors.
The Strike of the Printers and Other
News of the Labor
Unions.
The joint committee from the three
central labor bodies having the case in
charge against the John Kelso Com
pany for violating the Federal eight
hour law on the new postofflce site held
a meeting at 1159 Mission last night.
The business agent of the Building
Trades. Harry M. Saunders. made a
brief report of what progress had
been made since the case was first in
stituted about six months ago and pre
sented a copy of Judge de Haven's de
cision, which is the first favorable de
cision ever received by a labor body
on this law.
The committee decided to thoroughly
prosecute the case and carry it to the
court of last resort it necessary. The
law provides a separate penalty for
each day on which the law is violated,
and as the job has been carefully
| watched separate charges will be
I brought for each day. The case will
be called on Tuesday, and another
meeting of the committee will be held
on Tuesday evening to take what fur
the faction it deems necessary. Each
of the central bodies will bear one
third of the expenses.
The matter of the printers' strike
was then brought up, and each mem
, ber of the committee pledged himself
to do all in his power in his respective
union to secure its fullest financial and
moral support for the printers.
The session of the Labor Council was
an unusually quiet one and very little
business out of the routine was trans
acted. A comrminication from the
Journeymen Tailors' National Union
requesting the council to do all in its
power to aid the new union in this city
was read, and after some discussion,
in which President Ellsworth of the
local union offered many valuable sug
gestions, the communication was re
ferred to the organizing committee.
Delegate Davis of the Musicians' Un
ion reported that the forty-niners had <
: engaged a non-union band to play at i
its coming picnic and a resolution waa
passed warning all members of affil
iated unions to keep away from all
picnics- where non-union music is play
j ed or beer without the label is sold.
It is expected that the trouble with
the Olympia Music Hall will be finally
i settled next Tuesday.
Local Union No. 22, Carpenters and
! Joiners, has started in on what it terms
; a series of "revival" meetings, with
! President McCarthy as chief evange
list. Nothing will be left undone to
| make the meetings as crisp and bright
as possible; long, dull speeches have
been tabooed and every effort Is be
ing made to awaken enthusiasm among
the members. Six new members were
initiated last night, and Mr. McCarthy
made one of his short speeches on the
new charter.
There were no new developments in
the printers' strike yesterday, but the
strike committee claims to have "some
thing up its sleeve" which makes their
faces bright and radiant and serves
to keep up enthusiasm to a wonderful
degree. Each day In the week some
of the strikers are securing employment
in what are designated as the "fair"
offices, and yesterday was marked with
a white stone, as three men were re
quested for one of the offices. They
were furnished at short notice. The
members of the Typothetae are just as
cheerful as the strikers, and say that
they have now entered in upon an era
of independence, and find themselves
perfectly capable of running their of
fices without the assistance of union
men. At a meeting of the bookbinders
last night $100 was donated to help the
strikers' cause, and a loan of $200 more
waß offered. Many of the men are of
the opinion that the strike will be end
ed within two^weeks at the furthest.
The Ohio Society.
At a largely attended meeting of the
Ohio Society held in Red Men's building
it was decided to give a reunion to th»
natives of Ohio and their friends during
the coming summer, and preliminary
Bteps were taken to that end. It was de
cided that members may he admitted be
tween now and the meeting in June with
out paying the regular initiation fee.
Young Ladies' Institute.
Next Thursday evening Young Ladles'
Institute No. 1 will give a grand enter
tainment an dsocial in Native Sons' Hall,
on which occasion there will be presented
a varied programme that will be con
cluded with a one-act farce entitled "The
Two Advertisements," in which Miss Cora.
Fiske. Miss Anita Green, Miss Helen
Dixon, H. G. Leffman D. Sherin and
George Jackhn will take part. The en
are required to operate it, but instead
the air is turned on by the simple move
ment of a small handle close to the hand
of the motorman. The application of
the brake is so arranged that the car can
be brought to a sudden standstill should
the occasion warrant it, or it can be
gradually slowed down and stopped with
scarcely any perceptible jar.
One great advantage the inventor
claims for the device is that it does not
lock the wheels, no matter how hard it
is applied, and consequently overcomes
the complaint of causing flat wheels.
With the present hand brakes that the
cars are now fitted with the wheels are
locked every time the brakes are sud
tertainment will be under the direction
of Mr. Leffman.
• A PATRIOTIC COMPANY.
Liverpool and London and Globe In-
surance Company Will Pay Mil
itiamen Full Salary.
A significant indication of the war feel
ing among a large and conservative class
of business men is evidenced by a letter
just received by the local manager of the
Liverpool and London and Globe Insur
ance Company.
At a recent meeting of the board of di
rectors of the company in New York it
was decided that the fullest encourage
ment should lie given to employes of the
company who are compelled to go to war.
It was decided that such as must go will
be allowed full pay while in actual serv
ice. Speaking of the matter yesterday,
the manager saJd:
"I have received official notice that our
board has already taken action on the
status of employes who go to war. I have
been instructed to notify ail who are
members of the State militia that if they
are called upon to go to war they will be
allowed full pay while hostilities last, and
their positions will be saved for them
until they return. The company has thus
taken action in advance, so as to avoid
all questions and hesitation that may
arise."
It is understood in commercial circles
that a similar course will soon be taken
by a largf number of firms, many of
whose employes are members of the
militia,
SENT TO FOLSOM
FOR EIGHT YEARS
Judge Wallace Passes Sentence
on Ex-District Attorney
Page.
The Prisoner Will Take Another
Appeal to the Supreme
Court.
Ex-District Attorney James D. Page,
who was convicted of embezzling $371)0
belonging to Louis Lichneker, an insane
j ward, was sentenced by Judge Wallace
yesterday to eight years' imprisonment
at Folsom Penitentiary.
Attorney J. N. E. Wilson, who defend
ed Page, asked for a postponement of
sentence for one week when the case was
called yesterday morning, but Judge Wal
lace refused to grant the motion. Wil
son then moved for a new trial on the
usual statutory grounds, and the motion
was promptly denied.
Jud«<' V* aliace said that the matter of
passing sentence had been postponed
three times at the request of defendant's
counsel and that he did not believe in
wasting any more time.
Attorney Wilson pleaded that he was
too ill to argue the points involved in the
motion, but Judge Wallace remained ob
durate.
Page wan convicted on the same charge
several years ago and sentenced to eight
years' imprisonment at San Quentin. He
appealed to the Supreme Court and was
grnnted a new trial. He was again con
victed on the second trial, but on motion
of his counsel was granted a new trial
by Judge Wallace. The third trial re
sulted in another conviction, and it was
on that judgment that sentence was
passed yesterday. A stay of execution
for ton days was granted in order to al
low Page's counsel time to perfect an
other appeal to the Supreme Court.
Father Yorke to Lecture.
A lecture ■will be delivered on next Mon
| day evening in Metropolitan Hall by
| Rev. P. C. Yorke for the benefit of St.
! Joseph's Home for Deaf " Mute Children,
\ Oakland. The lecture was to have been
held some weeks ago, but was postponed
owing to absence of Father Yorke from
the city.
The institution for whose benefit it is
held is conducted by the Sisters of St
Joseph, and trains up deaf mute children
free of charge. It depends altogether on
charity for support, and relies on the
] proceeds of the coming lecture to pay off
considerable indebtedness.
The subject of Father Yorke's lecture
is "Charity." Tickets at $1 each may be
procured at room 37, Flood building, or
• at Metropolitan Hall on Monday even
! ing.
New Incorporations.
The Reversible Window Company has
been incorpoi'a-ted by Charles M. Dcpew,
Louis Troll, Joseph Kahn, William h'
Depew and John H. Tlr.gman.
J. Goldberg, E. I.evinson, A. Davis Lo
Teem and Willie Jine have filed articles
of Incorporation of the California Match
Company.
_-_ - 1 — ---..:.'._• _ ADVERTISEMENTS.
It's Good Form «gfe
when a friend asks for a chew " J^ i
of tobacco, to offer him a piece of C^j
Bootjack piug jL
Such a combination of the Jwsk ' iodS^«
finest Burley leaf and the S^i l^^^P
greatest skill and carefnl- (mV rXuT $ T
ness never before entered (W \ liHHHIttF*
into the making of tobacco. Aj^ |feg!p«n^ fflHnrr
Mall 36 silver p p«r strips from 5-cent cats of Boot V
Jack to the manufacturers and receive In return a A^>/ nTmiL^LMJLUIIRTTr
handsome aluminum pocket tobacco case. "^f/lFi^F^mfntTlh^^
j JOHSPnrZEBAHbBBOS.,LouIgTUI.,Kr. i'ffflffliffl !
denly applied. • The result is that, ac
cording to the statistics of the street rail
roads maintenance department, it costs
about $200 a year for each car for new
wheels and running gear that becomes
damaged through the effects of the brakes
locking the wheels. The inventor claims
that the first expense of putting his
brakes on the cars would be somewhat
heavy, but at the end of a year they
would effect a saving.
The air brake, he claims, would obviate
the necessity of placing fenders on cars
for the public safety. It is claimed .that
the cars thus fitted can be so quickly
brought to a standstill in a case of-emer
gency that accidents could be avoided.
OBJECT TO
EASTERN STONE
Local Dealers Claim to Be
Forced Into Unfair
Competition.
Trouble Threatened on the
New Building of Wells,
Fargo & Co.
Workmen Will Refuse to Set Any
Warble Cut Outside the
State.
Local marble dealers are up in arms
against a growing practice of builders
who let out their contracts to corpora
tions outside the city and State, and
have determined to make a strong fight
to keep the work here. A short time
ago the contracts for the interior mar
ble works on two large buildings were
kept here through the efforts of the
Marble Cutters' and Finishers' Associa
tion as they were on the point of being
let out to a Cincinnati firm.
This practice not only takes away the
money for the purchase of the marble,
but also necessitates bringing in work
men from the outside to set the mar
ble, as the members of the association
will not touch any marble cut and pol
ished outside the State. It is also said
that many of the Eastern firms which
local men have been fighting employ
the cheapest class of labor obtainable.
In some instances women and children
are employed, and in others the work
is done by convicts in the State prisons.
This makes the competition all the
harder as nothing but skilled labor at
good wages is employed by any of the
local concerns, yet on several large jobs
lately let there has been a difference of
less than $200 between the bids of the
San Francisco and the Eastern firms.
In the cases sufficient pressure was
brought to bear to keep the jobs at
home.
The latest contract to cause trouble
is that for the interior marble work of
the new Wells-Fargo building on Mis
sion street, which has been let out to
Mueller Brothers of Chicago. The stone
has not yet arrived, but when it does
the contractors will. In all probability,
! find it necessary to bring workmen
with them, as local men positively re
fuse to handle it. This action is also
likely to cause trouble with workmen in
all the other building: trades, as stone
cutters, bricklayers, hod-carriers, car
penters, painters and varnishers and
polishers are all organized and will re
fuse to work on the same building with
non-union men.
The following circular has been sent
out to the architects of this city by the
marble-cutters:
To the Architects of San Pranciscn—Gentle
men: At a regular meeting of the Marble
Cutters' and Finishers' Association, held on the
first Monday in January, 189S, the following
resolutions were parsed:
Whereas, the marble industry of California
hns long suffered from the competition of
Eastern firms and agents located In San Fran
cleco; and whereas. leßltimate manufacturers
who pay taxes In this State are handicapped
in figuring on work which should rightly be
long In this city, through these agents who
carry their office In their hat. Therefore be It
Resolved. Tfcnt the Marble Cutters' and Fin
ishers' Association of San Francisco and vicin
ity will not set any Eastern marble that shnll
be contracted for on and after January 1, 189 S.
And be It further
Resolved, That this association does object
and will object to Journeymen plumbers set
ting or affixing marble in where It la necessary
to handle tools In connection with the marble
cutting or finishing craft.
In the Divorce Court.
Judpe Bahrs made an order yesterday
directing Joseph Regll, a Mission road
milkman, to pay $25 a month alimony to
his wife. Josephine RegH, pending the
trial of their divorce suit.
Judge Belcher has granted Mary E.
Stolle a divorce from Robert Stolle on
the ground of cruelty.
Mary L. Wtllner has secured a divorce
from Theo Wlllher on the ground of fail
ure to provide.
Judge Jlunt yesterday granted Osceola
Subra a divorce from Joseph G. Subra
on the ground of cruelty.
The following new suits for divorce
were commenced yesterday: Edith M.
wells from Samuel S. Wells on »the
ground of failure to provide; Alpheus B.
c & de * roiTl Edna Cade - desertion: Sori
ada Chaves from Victorino Chaves, de
sertion.
In Aid of the Free Ward.
A tea and musicale will be given this
afternoon and evening: at the residence of
Mrs. R. Jennings, 1210 Sutter street, for
the benefit of the free ward and clinic
of the California Eye and Ear Hospital
The programme for the afternoon and
evening is as follows:
Afternoon— Hawaiian Quintet, also native solo
br Mrs. Turner, accompanied by Miss Louise
Howlafld; Spanish La Mandolina'ta Club Sere
nade Yalse, Esspasnol Metre, M. Y. Ferrar
leader; Edwin Stevens In original sketch as
sisted by Mme.. M'mtague; Welsh, Finnish and
Scotch S'.ngs, by Mrs. Van Brunt, assisted by
Miss Henry: German specialties, by Miss Edith
Hall of Tlvoli; Irish Folk Songs (Foote). by
Mlsa Blla ICcCIOSkey; Chinese specialties, by
Miss Georgia Cooper of Tivoll Geisha Quartet
Eveninp— French. "Ella est Rose," Miss
Mabel Phillips: Chinese quartet and recitation,
also string solo, Miss Rose Thayer accom
panist; Ed Pauldlng, Shakespearian actor, in
a sketch : Japanese Folk Sonps. by Anna Shep
ard; Indian songs, by Mrs. John Loosely; char
acter sketch, Mrs. Robert Renneborne.
A Long Look Ahead.
The politicians are even now beginning to
weigh the possibilities Involved in the next
Presidential election. The papers are full of
electioneering gossip, ar.d venture predictions
as to the future which are somewhat too s-rlf
conndent. But it is safe to say that a sys
tematic course of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters
will renew health in the malarious, bilious,
rheumatic, costive or nervous.
Advertisement in this paper will
attract you.
IF YOU READ
The Star
Just once we feel assured that you
will subscribe for It. It is fear-
less, frank and free, containing
some of the best thoug-hts on the
events of the week.
The Star,
Edited by JAMES H. BARRY.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAL
election to be held Thursday, May 26.
189S (submitting the new charter to a vote of
the qualified electors), will commence at the
office of the Registrar of Voters, in "The City
Hall," on April 26, IS9B, and continue thence
till May 10. inclusive.
The following persons are entitled to reg-
ister:
First— AH persons not registered at the last
general or special election, but who are en-
titled thereto.
Second— persons who were registered, but
by moving out of their "Special Election Pre-
cinct" or otherwise have lost their right to
vote.
Third— All native male citizens not registered
and all male naturalized citizens (not regis-
tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
ary 26, 1898, and are otherwise qualified accord-
ing to law.
All qualified electors who were registered at
the last general or special election, and who
will have continued to reside within their re-
spective "Special Election Precincts"' shall
be entitled to vote without additional regis-
tration. .
Office open from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis- '■
sioners. W. J. BIGGY,
■ • Registrar of Voters.
000000000000300030000®
I We Pa ■»
I No p
§ Concessions §
0 To doctors who write prescriptions 0
0 that are brought to us to be filled. 8
3 Most druggists do, and add it on g
•£ to the price of the prescription — ®
£ usually 50 cents. w
$ NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO. 8
$ 949-951 MARKET ST., «
£..; Between Fifth and Sixth. £
3333333333303333333333
17-Taxes-li
The second Installment of real estate taxes
will be delinquent April 25, at 6 p. m., after
which 5 per cent will be added. ; •
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m on
April 23.
• SATURDAY, April 16, positively last day for
receiving checks. JAMES N. BLOCK,
"'" ' ' ■' ■' Tax Collector. -
San Francisco. April U, 183 S.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE !
BJ "1 ■ALL Nervous l>tsta*ca— Mem-
&S $ 1 JT.Im potency, Sleeplessness, etc., caused
B .i| by Abuse or other Excesses and India'
\ JjnjJ cretions. Tliry quickly and surely
1 "¥ restore Lost Vitality in old or yonng?and
><«S/^L fit a man for study, business or marriage.
™jß*f^Hfr Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in me. Their usn shows Immediate Improve-
ment and effects ft CUBE where all other foil In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajax Tablets. They
nave cared thousands and will cure you. We eive a pos I
ltive written guarantee to effect a cure CA ATO i- '■
, . each case or refund the money. Price wU U I dip.'''
] pacUai;e; or six pk e (full treatment* for |i6O. IS-
mail, in plain V7Taprx>r. ntKin receipt of price. » inru'
For sale In Ban Frand««o by LelpnlU * Cow.
■0 Butter. No-PercenU#« Pharmacy. 953 Jftt!
•h hi lI iW^TTTX^rTm
HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-!
■ Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores. Ulcers I
■in Mouth, Hair-Falling-? Write COOK KEM-B
■ ED Y CO., 213 - MASONIC TEMPLE. CHI- •9
m CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital v*
$500,000. ■ Worst cases cured 111 15 to 06 days, m
100-pa?e boot free. . H
T^WMHWBnUHIIii 1111— ILMUb— e> v
f A PERMANENT CURE f
I; A PERMANENT CURE f
■ ] i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea < ' i
1 1 and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6C'
i , days ;no other treatment required. ' i
] i Sold by all druggists. J i
S/VVNAA/VWVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVVW
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S Or«mt
(Si Museum of Anatomy
/ §?Pl 1051KA2r£TST.tet.6Ui*7th, S.T.OiL
k fl ft The t*r(rit of id kind in ib« World.
I^.l DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
l|w| BY Co««ulut!»n free. Writ* for Book
v\l I (^Philosophy of Marriage.
" *" mailed rntt.
The piir» essential extract from the native dru* Con.
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Oi.i'im
without Rs noxious element*. No Bl.kjiess cf (.ton! hi
no Tomlt.ng ; up co^lireneas ; no headache. All I) run ■ -ti
'" ' ''''" " '" " "— — -"—--*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USiB DAMIANA BITTERS, rTHB
great Mexican Remedy: elves bealtk aoJ
•trenetb to the sexual organs.
. AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
A REAL WftVT'Q NEW COMEDY
LIVE HIT, n\JI 1 O SUCCESS,
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
'■ '- L-i:'-'L -i : '-' ■
All this and next week. > Including Sunday,
- MATINEE TO-DAY.
Coming— "THE PURSER."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS— MATINEE TQ-DAT.
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
Presenting His Masterpiece.
"OLD LAVENDER." .
LAST TIME ON SUNDAY.
Prices 15c. Be, BOc. Too
A good reserved seat on lower floor 50c. • •,
EXTRA— Nights— April 19, 21 and 23.
. .MELBA..
Sale of boxes and seats now open.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS-MATINEE TO-DAT.
The Author-actor, Mr. James A.
. ' .HERME. '".
In his own Beautiful Comedy Drama,
"SHORE MCRES."
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT MARIE JANSEN IN
"DELMONICO'S AT 6."
Seats Now Ready.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter M0r05c0........501e Lessee and Manager
■ i
Magnificent Spectacular Production of . the
Great French Drama,
PAVEMENTS
•-■■. PARIS!
GRAND TABLEAUX— BATTLE OF FOR-
BACH, FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR—
BY MOONLIGHT— THE FAMOUS PONT
EUF— THE RIVER SEINE — EXCITING
PLOT— PARISIAN TYPES— CLEVER COM-
EDY.
EVENING PRICES. 10c, 23c, 50c. ■'• v '^
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUisP.'.Y.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
P EVENING PRICES. 10c. 25c. 50c.
INEES SATURDAY AND SL\\D..Y.
OLI OPERA-HOUSE^
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor & Manage!
P* THIS EVENING AT S SHARP.
A THOUSAND DELIGHTS
In Our Spectacular Easter Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR I
A SUPERB BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
• ENTRANCING BALLETS.
SEE THE PRISMATIC FOUNTAIN.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, APRIL 18.
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
That Strongest of Traveling Vaudeville Com-
binations.
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS: HELEN
MORA. Renowned Barytone; McINTYRE &
HEATH. Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS
& WALKER, The Real Colored Boys; CHAS
R. SWEET, the Piano Tramp: THORNE &
CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
ETTE. Fantastic Mimic; AJAX, the Flexible
Marvel.
AT C* A V A seats BY
ALLAZ/Ak. phone
niwvn^ru\i MAIN 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
PRICES lac. 25c and 30c.
Every Night, Sunday Included.
The Paris, New York and London Hit
THE STRANGE
ADVENTURES ■ ~^—
OF MISS BROWN —
NIGHT PRICES. 50c. He, 23c, 15c.
SEND THE CHILDREN TO-DAY TO SEE
The Finest Animals on Earth at the
ZOO IN THE CHUTES.
"WALLACE, the Untamable ' Lion." sub-
dued by Captain Cardt 10, and attractions
without number.
Animals trained from 10 to 2.
Open Daily from 10 a. m. to 11:30 p. m.
10c to All. including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
THE CINEMATOGRAPHIC LIFMOVING
ENACTMENT OF
THE PASSION PLAY
As Produced in Oberammergau.
TO-DAY at 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., at the
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
Indorsed by Cardinal Gibbons and the press
of Europe and America,
Admission, 25c. Children, 15c.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
Fifth street, between Market and Mission.
Owing to the large demand for seats arrange-
ments have been made for a
MATINEE TO-DAY at 3 o'clock .and a per-
formance TO-NIGHT at S:l3.
LITTLE PALOMA SCHRAMM,
The wonderful child pianlste, unequaled in Eu-
rope or America, at POPULAR PRICES— SOc,
75c. Children 25c.
NATIVE SONS' HALL,
414 Mason Street.
SUNDAY, APRIL 17. 8 P. M.
A word of love and warning to the slumbering:
Church.
JAMES B. DAVENPORT, Evangelist of Cath-
' ollc Apostolic Church;
THE PROMISES "TO HIM THAT OVER-
COMETH."
Admission free. No collection.
lolic Apostolic Church,
PROMISES 'TO HIM THAT OVER-
COMETH."
mission free. No collection.
• NGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
TWO DAYS' CLASSIC SPORT.
Hotter Than Congressional Debates
Hares Fed on Steel Springs.
Saturday 1 P. M. Sunday 1 i A. M.
BASEBALL!
CENTRAL PARK,
Corner Eighth and Market Streets.
PACIFIC STATES BASEBALL LEAGUE.
CHAMPIONSHIP OF PACIFIC COAST.
TO-DAY AT I P. M.. . :^> i
\THLETIC (frnV!y Olympics) vs. OAKLAND. '
Admission. 25c. Children. 10c.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting. 1597-9S, Beginning MONDAY.
April 4, to April 16 Inclusive.
* OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.- —
Ferry boats leave San Francisco *t 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
1:46 p. m., and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pres.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT. v
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, He; Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER URIAH— . .i-
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m.. 11:10,
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1, 3 and 5 d. m.
OLYMPIA Corn " of Mlso ° ™*
. . Eddy Strests.
America's most beautiful Music HaJL
3RAND EASTER BILL; MANDOLA. mastel
)f equipoise; ELLWOOD, female lmpersona-
;or; CARLTON SISTERS. Trilby dancert
rUNISON, operatic star; INEZ & ANTOIvi
STTE and others. House heated. Admissi'us -
78
HARTMAN
TALKS OF
THE ENGLISH
Nothing but Praise
for His British
Hosts.
Arrived Last Night and
HasHisOwn Company
With Him.
Will Open at the Baldwin
Monday Week in High
Class Comedy.
"THE PURSER" A HIT.
A Pl«y Which Will Appear for
tho First Time in
A morion.
"Teddy O!" yelled the crowd at the
Sixteenth street station as the overland
drew in last evening, and immediately
afterward the expansive Bmile of one
FERRIS HARTMAN COMES HOME.
Ferris Hartman, commonly known as
the "San Francisco comedian," appear
ed at and blocked up the doorway of
the sleeper in which he and his new
company have traveled all the way
from New York to present for the first
time In America his new play, "The
Purser."
Mr. Hartman has been expected for
several days, so when George Bowles,
his partner and manager, yesterday re
ceived a telegram from the laughter
provoking Ferris, telling him he (Hart
man) would arrive in the city last
night, he was prepared to greet him in
the proper manner. Bowles went up to
Sacramento and there, with several
others, awaited the coming guest, who
arrived, for once in his life, on time.
This promptitude somewhat disconcert
ed Teddy's friends, ■ who, knowing him
of old, were at a loss to account for a
proceeding so unlike his real self, and
refused to dismiss their anxiety until
Ilartman had explained that, as he had
not fallen off the train, he could not
help himself. This explanation proved
satisfactory and the entire party en
tered the car and proceeded to ex
change congratulations and other com
pliments an the train continued toward
the city, picking up a stray friend or
two at every station, until Sixteenth
street was reached, where so many of
the old Lasker crowd had gathered to
give the glad hand to their old run
ning mate that the sleeper would not
accommodate them all and several of
them had to content themselves with
a handshake and the company of Hart
man's dog, Snyder, in the baggage cah,
until the ferry was reached.
Hartman's new play, In which he will
open as the star at the Baldwin a
week from next Monday night, is called
"The Purser," and had a tremendous
run in England, where it was written
by John T. Day, a clever and wealthy
newspaper man of London. It is a high
class comedy, and tells of the trials and
tribulations of a purser on the good
ship Kangaroo, running on the P. and
<). line "from London to Australia, re
sultant on too many matrimonial ven
tures And love entanglements. It is
said by all the critics who have seen it
to be a bright, catchy piece replete with
humorous situations and sparkling dia
logues.
It was so well thought of by such com
petent Judges as the Frohmans. Al
Camby and Sam Fruedenberg that they
moved heaven and earth to get It, and
would probably have succeded were It
not for the fact that Hartman himself
went to England, where he told a funny
stofy, and waited around the clubs of
the British metropolis seven months
for the point to be seen, In order to be
come good friends with the author and
beat his rivals out In securing the en
tire American rights of the play. As
soon as he succeeded in securing the
piece he started for New York, remain
ing there just long enough to gather to
gether a flrst-clasß company, and con
tinued his way to San Francisco that
he might open for the first time in
America before an audience composed
of old friends.
"How did 1 like England?" said
"Teddy," when seen last night. "It's the
gn-atesi place on earth— barring Amer
ica. The people are the most hospitable
in the world. I never saw anything
like it. They put you up at all their
clubs the minute you land, give you
a brandy and soda as big as a steam
beer, and keep on giving them to you
until you think you have struck heav
en. Talk about the hospitality of the
South — it is not in it. I once took a
show South and after three perform
ances they put me to breaking coal. I
took no show at all to London and the
people there kept me breaking bottles.
Give me London every time. You un
traveled inhabitants of the unregrener
ate West think the English are cold,
self-contained and conservative. You
never made a greater mistake in your
lives. To begin with, they are the
warmest kind of babies, every one of
them. As to being self-contained —
well, if the average Californian con
tained as much besides self as they put
away every twenty-four hours he
would soon be seeing funny things, like
Bowles here, for instance. They only
appear conservative thnmgh their ef
forts to keep all they have acquired.
They believe that, next to the Queen,
Tod Sloan is the greatest thing that
ever came over the pike, and that
America, should whip Spain, not on ac
count of the Cubans, but to avenge the
blowing up of the Maine. I was made
a member of the swellest clubs In Lon
don, and tried to requite the hospital
ity I received by telling some of Tom
Leary's best stories. Those who didn't
see the point looked politely interested,
and those who did looked bored. I
could't blame them for that. You know
what Leary is.
'*Yes, I have acquired an accent, but
I keep it for charity entertainments
when I'm liable to meet society. If I
used it with the boys along the line the
crowd would mob me. This cap I have
on is the same one I wore at Carson,
but I have the real thing in silk, with
great white wings on either side, in my
trunk and will - ear it on Saturday
afternoons when the sun is shining.
Have you seen my box coat? Of course
not, but come up to my room to-morrow
and I will show i» to you. I am afraid
to wear it on the street because the
shoulders are padded and I look so
much like Sharkey in i; that I am
afraid some one will insist on giving
me a $10,000 purse which I don't de
serve.
"Seriously speaking, though I have
only been away nine months I am
mighty glad to get home. 1 have a first- !
class play and a good company and I j
have come all the way from England, j
over 6000 miles, to open in the city
where I have received so much kind
ness and where I consider I am at |
home. I would like to make a success i
anywhere as an actor, but, aside from !
professional pride. I <vant to succeed !
here and I am sur«, ■% ith the show I |
have and the peopi'<> who are In it, I j
can't fall. I wanted to open here for
two reasons, first, because as I have
said. It is my home, and secondly be- '
cause the people of this city know what i
a good play is when they see it and i
if a piece goes her it will go anywhere. I
The critical taste of. San Francisco is
a thing recognize I by the entire pro
fession and the stamp of approval once i
won here carries much weight in other !
places."
Row in the Orpheum Annex.
W. A. Wheeler, a painter, had some
trouble In the Orpheum Annex Thursday
night, and returned with a baseball bat to
clean out the place shortly after mid
night. Tho waiters did not "do a thing"
to him. and after ho had been thrown
Out . *I° I !. c , cmcr \ Fennell and Sylvester ar
rested him He was first taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where three wounds
in his scalp wore stitched and dressed
and then to the City Prison, whore
charges of disturbing the peace uslner
vulgar language and battery- were 'booked
against nini. The cases were called in
Juuge Low's court yesterday morning and
continued. Wheeler was released on his
own recognizance by the Judge.
"THE RED FRONT." 857-859 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
THE SAN FEAyCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
CORONER BOWS
TO THE POLICE
Under Pressure He Dis-
approves of the Verdict
of His Jury.
Declares the Decision That
Louie Wee June Was Mur-
dered an Error.
This Stand Taken on Account of Ser
geant Shea's Lengthy Report of
the Case.
The threatened trouble between the po
lice and the Coroner's office has been
averted, as Dr. Hawkins last evening j
wrote across the verdict of the jury In j
the inquest of Louie Wee June: "Not ap- I
proved." The police pronounced the
death of the Chinese cook a case of sul- |
clde at the start, and when the Coroner's
jury brought in a verdict of murder, set j
out to prove they were correct. A vo- i
luminous report was handed the Coroner j
last evening, and after reading it he be- i
came convinced that the police were cor
rect and his jury wrong.
Sergeant Shea was working- on the case
yesterday under instructions from the
upper office and interviewed even' one
connected with the death of Louie Wee
June. He made a thorough investigation
of the room In which the body of the
dead man was found and when he had
completed his research handed the report
to Dr. Hawkins.
Among the various statements which
the sergeant secured was one signed by
John E. O'Brien, the deputy Coroner, and
! Louis McGinnls, the Coroner* messen
ger, who took the body to the Morgue. In
their report they stated that the body
had been found in a small room on the
■ top floor of the Chinese theater, at Sl4
Washington street. Louie Wee June was
; lying on his bed as if asieep with two
i bullets In his breast. The revolver witli
i which he had. been shot w«s on his right
?L (le J had three empty cartridges in
the cylinder. Two of these appeared to
I have been exploded recently and the
, other some time before. The statement
■ was concluded with the assertion that
the two Coroner's officials l*Ueved from
i their investigation that Louie Wee June
> had committed suicide.
In the sergeant's report there were a
: number of statements from relatives and
friends of the deceased, but the most im
portant was that of Chow Tin. the sec
ond cook of the theater. He left Louie
I ce H Ju »1 c at i °'° lock tlie mor n'ng before
j .is death and went to bed. At S o'clock
, he went to June's room to wake him but
received no response to his knock.' An
I hour later he returned to the room and
, when ho was unable to arouse his friend
! he notified Jang Chun Sun. one of Tim
< proprietors of the theater, and they with
I Ah Keo.. went to the room and broke open
: the floor and found the cook dead The
1 door was fastened on the inside with two
, wooden buttons, and there was no other
! lock on it. Chow Tin further stated that
the deceased cook had no enemies and be
lonsrrii to no highbinder society. He said
June had a wife and family In" China tnd
i that he had been gambling recently and
I owed considerable money.
I The statements of the other attaches of
| the theatt-r were similar to that of Chow
Tin and nothing new was found in them
Ah Kee. who was present when the door
I of the room was broken in. was a witness
! at the inquest, but Chow Tin was noV
i The latter broke in the door himself and
his testimony would have been more val
uable than that of Ah Kee. Just why
he was not called is not known. His state
i ment given to the Coroner is thoroughly
I In accord with the suicide theory of the
j police, which makes his absence at the
inquest all the more to be wondered at
With the report of the police Investlga
i tlon in his hands, there was nothing for
j Dr. Hawkins to do but to disapprove of
the verdict of his Jury, as the evidence
of suicide was conclusive. The doctor
stated last evening that he had thought
| It a suicide from tho first and that his
approval of the verdict was a mistake
When the verdicts from the various In
quests h,eld on Thursday were hand'-d
him he was In a hurry to make a cajl on
a patient, and approved them all without
reading them carefully. He had no Idea
that the jury would bring in a verdict
such as they did, and If he had notice i
it at the time he would have refused to
approve It.
Detectiveß Gibson and Wren are still
investigating the circumstances sur
rounding the death of Louie Wee June,
and have arrived at a conclusion that
without doubt it was a case of suicide.
Spurred on by the Coroner's Jury verdict
of murder the detectives have worked
hard on the case and alter much ques
tioning have discovered that the revolver
which was found in the hand of the Chi
nese and from which two shots had been
discharged belonged to the deceased, and
the fact, In company with others equally
strong, is accented as proof positive that
June came to his death by his own hand.
Detective Gibson stated last evening
that many Chinese who lived in the
building where the shooting took place
have stated that June always carried a
revolver, and that he was a heavy
gambler, as well as a sufferer from
stomach troubles. The police are thor
oughly satisfied with the investigations
and pronounce the case a suicide which
had long been contemplated.
NEW HOLY CROSS CHURCH.
An Entertainment Is Given in Its
Behalf at Armory Hall.
A successful entertainment in aid of
the new Holy Cross Church now in pro
cess of construction was given at Ar
mory Hall last evening under the aus
pices of the Native Sons" and Daughters'
booth of the Holy Cross Church fair. The
hall was crowded to its utmost capacity,
and upon looking over the receipts of the
evening it was found that the expense of
the erection of the new edifice will be
considerably lessened.
In addition to an interesting and en
joyable programme a dance was held
immediately after its conclusion.
The programme as rendered was as
follows: Tenor solo, William Finnic;
comic selections, John Cathcart of Olym
pic Club fame; soprano solo, Mrs. W.
Kennedy; recitation, John R. Bockman;
tenor solo, William O'Brien; recitation,
Hazel Buckley; humorous sketches, Wil
liam Nelson; bass solo, Benjamin Tar
box; solo. Miss Elsie Hall. Mrs. Dr.
Kemp Van Ec assisted as accompanist.
The floor committee consisted of Jo
seph Regan, as manager; assisted by the
following Native Sons: Peter Connolly,
Frank McGinn, Joseph Geary, John Ross,
George Olsen, James Monaghan, William
Jensen, Joseph Enright, John McDonald,
James Mulcahy and Charles Casassa.
Mrs. Charles F. Capp, chairman of the
reception committee, was assisted .by
Miss May Smith, Miss Pearl Laws, Miss
Mollie Van Pelt. Miss Nora Legane, Miss
Lela Laws, Miss Lizzie Lavery. Miss
Mamie Laden, Miss Lizzie Broderlck and
Miss Sadie Sullivan.
"RELIGION AND
PATRIOTISM"
Father McKinnon Speaks of the
Position of the Church on
Things Temporal.
Successful Entertainment t>y Pormla
Council, Younj Men's Insti
tute.
A very pleasant entertainment was
given by Portala Council No. 70, T. M.
1., in St. Joseph's Hall, last night. The
chief feature of the entertainment was
a lecture on "Religion and Patrioism,"
by the Rev. William D. McKinnon of
Suisun.
The exercises opened with an over
ture by Clancy's orchestra, after which
the president of the council, D. T. Pow
ers, made a few introductory remarks.
This was followed by vocal solos by
Miss N. Farrell, John Braiton. Miss
Kittle Hopkins and M. O'Connell, and
a trombone solo by George Gardner, a]}
of which were well rendered.
Father McKinnmi's address was most
Interesting and instructive, as he clear
ly defined the relative positions of the
church and Government in this coun-
try. He said in part:
In every country patriotism is a sacred
duty of every citizen. In America It is a
duty thrice sacred; it is a solemn duty of
conscience, a solemn duty to God. Re
ligion and patriotism are one and insepa
rable. It is impossible for one to exist
without the other.
The church has no civil or political au
thority, power, jurisdiction or pre-emi
nence whatever in these United States
and never claimed to have any. In tem
poral matters American Catholics recog
nize no power as sovereign but the Con
stitution of these United States, and
their religious principles render them but
more resolved to discharge fully their
duties as citizens.
The Catholic doctrine and American
Constitution, with regard to church and
state, are In perfect harmony. Catholics
In following this doctrine, have ever
proved their worth and loyalty in every
vicissitude of the republic. In peace or
in war their contributions to the nation's
weal have been generous.
The reverend lecturer called attention to
the assistance rendered by Catholic coun
tries in the darkest hour of our revolu
tionary struggle. He said that while he
did not claim that Catholics, native jr
foreign, made the revolution, yet that his
tory would bear him out in the assertion
that were it not for the Catholic blood
talent and treasure contributed to our
independence 1 , the "Union Jack," and not
the "Stars and Stripes." would now be
floating over this fair land.
VERMONTERS ENTERTAIN.
Present a Play at Odd Fellows' Hall
Called "A Mexican Romance."
The regular monthly entertainment of
tho Native Sons of Vermont, which was
postponed on account of Good Friday,
was held last evening in Odd Fellows'
Hall, proving as usual a success.
"A Mexican Romance," a romantic
play in three acts, was presented and
differed perceptibly from the usual ama
teur theatrical In being better acted and !
staged. The scenery depicting many of i
the sights of beauty in and around Mcx- i
leo, was exceptionally good and would !
have done credit to one of our largest i
playhouses.
The dramatis personae were as follows- !
Captain Jack Wilding, U. S. A., Bert i
Morrison; Pompey (his servant). Stephen i
Andrews; Major Montague-Headway, U. ,
S. A., Reginald Travels; iHajul' juau
Manoel, M. A., Geoff ry Denlston; Ser
geant Jackson, IT. S. A., Warren King-
Sentinel Murray, U. S. A., Robert Glea
son; Markiuita Talamance, Miss Freda
Gallich; Mrs. General Darcy, Miss Effle
Bond.
The entertainment was opened with an
overture by . Dellepia.nc's orchestra. The
attendance was unusually large and in
fact there was not an empty chair in the
entire hull.
HERBERT PARRISH ARRIVES.
Will Soon Assume Position as Rector
of the Episcopal Church of St.
Mary the Virgin.
Rev. Herbert Parrish, late of the St.
Clement Church, Philadelphia, arrived in
this city last evening, and will soon act
as rector of the Epfscopal Church of St.
Mary the Virgin. He was met at the
Sixteenth street station in Oakland by
members of the vestry and escorted to the
church. The vestry consists of G. E.
Woodward, H. C. Blade, Robert Conning
Thomas Ranks and J. C. Pratt.
Rev. Parrish is a graduate of the Hart
iora, ( onn., college, and is a son of Judge
Parnsh of Grand Rapids. The members
of the vestry expressed their satisfac
tion upon the arrival of their riSw rector
A Democratic Meeting
The meeting of the Citizens' Democratic
party at Pythian Castle last night was
anything but harmonious. The meeting
was called by cnairman James O'Connor
for the purnose of canvassing i..c political
situation. The first discordant note was
sounded when T. C. Spelling moved that
the list of names presenteu a.t the last
meeting be used as a roll to show who
were entitled to vote, as it was charged
that a number of outsiders were present.
The chairman refused to recognize the
roll, and a lively discussion ensued. Pin
ally a motion was carried appointing a
lommittee, consisting of \V. F. Hum-
Sl Xl T- J - Glvnn - Charles McCarthy,
H. M. Kelly and Frank Foley, to confer
with the State Central Committee, with
a view to receiving recognition.
AN OLD WRECK
IS RELOCATED
Diver Keefe Thinks He
Has Found the City
of Chester.
Nine Well Known British
Ships Have Passed Under
the German Flag.
Arrival of "King" Greig of Fanning
Island on Another Visit to
This City.
What are supposed to be the remains of
the steamer City of Chester have been
located off Black Point. There is only
fifteen feet of water over them at low
tide, and in order to prevent a possible
accident they should be buoyed. The en
gines and boilers stand on end, and a
dozen jagged ends stick up out of the
mass. A vessel striking on one of them
would be Instantly pierced, and would
probably sink before she could 6e
beached.
Some time ago the barkentine J. M.
Griffiths arrived from Port Hadlock and
anchored off Meiggs wharf. During the
I northwester she lost her anchor and sev
| eral attempts have been made to recover
It, but they all failed. The next vessel
to lose an anchor In the same vicinity
was the barkentine Ruth, which came in
| from Honolulu with a load of sugar. For
j several days past men have been draggles
for both these mud hooks, and yesterday
one of them was located. A diver named
Keefe grappled it with a four-inch line,
but whenever the tug Redmond began to
haul on it the grapping iron slipped.
Keefe put on his suit and went down
only to find that Instead of an anchor he
had located an immense mass of iron.
Had the wrecker Whitelaw not gone up
In smoke at Skaguay he would have kept
his find to himself until she could have
got to work on It, but as there Is nothing
suitable on the coast to save the remains,
he thought it better to have them buoyed.
A few hours after the remains of the
Chester had been found the Griffiths' an
chor was located and hauled aboard the
tug, after which the search for the Ruths
am-hor was continued.
It was about eleven years ago that the
steamers Oceanic, bound in from China,
and the City of Chester, bound for Puget
Sound, were in collision off Lime Point,
and the Chester sank, drowning many
of her passengers. If the wreckage has
been located by Diver Keefe, it must have
drifted a considerable dtstance during the
past years.
G. Lagomarslno, rt 3520 Sacramento
street, had a narrow escape from death I
yesterday. He was thrown out of his coal
wagon and the vehicle passed over him.
He was taken to the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, where Drs. Deas and Dlggins
found that his left arm was broken in
three places, his right arm in one and two
of his ribs were also fractured. After
his injuries hftd been attended to he was
taken to his home.
Germany is rapidly Increasing its fleet
of sailing vessels at the expense of the
British mercantile marine. At the present
time there are live vessels awaiting wheat
cargoes in the Columbia River, and three
of these fly the German flag. The Ger
man ship Barmbek, which sailed recently
from Astoria, was formerly the British
ship Gilcrulx. and the Ben Vovtllcn was
formerly under the British flag. The four-r
masted hark Xnrma was formerly the
Auchencalrn. the Ortrud was formerly
the Maulesden, the Kmelie was formerly
the British Ambassador, the Willkomenn
was formerly the Dawpool. the Henrietta
was formerly the Strathearn, the Adolf
was formerly the Udfton, and the J. C.
Plluger was formerly the Walkato. Thus
nine vessels that for years came to San
Francisco under the British flag are now
coming here under the German.
The launch Yale, which sank at Folsom
street wharf a couple of days ago, was
taken to the Fulton Iron Works last
night. An examination showed that when
she was lowered from the Morgan City
Into the water her seacock was open and
that the two exhaust pipes had been dis
connected.
About a dozen carrier pigeons were sent
aboard the Monterey yesterday for Lieu
tenant McDonald. They will be eventually
taken to Mare Island and there trained
so that when released from one of the
warships at sea they will return to their
dove cote at the navy yard.
Dr. N. M. Nelson, who for a time was
connected with the Harbor Receiving
Hospital, died at the Lane Hospital yes
terday. He had suffered for a long time
from a spinal complaint, and two opera
tions were performed, but without any
beneficial result.
After many years of active life at sea
Captain J. S. Dolllver,«of the pilot service,
has retired. His wife has been urging
him for some time past to retire, and to
please her, he finally sent in his resigna
tion a few days ago. It is said that "Ad
mirnl" yon Schmidt, the well-known mas
ter mariner and yachtsman, will take his
place. In that event the Whirlwind will
not be seen in many of the yachting
events on the bay this season.
Victor Morlna was run over early yes
terday morning by one ot the belt rail
road engines and seriously Injured. At
the Harbor Receiving Hospital It was
found necessary to amputate his leg. He
was clambering into one of the cars when
the train started and threw him under
the wheels.
The schooner Falcon arrived ffom the
southern seas last evening. Among her
passengers was "King" Grelg of Fanning
Island, and his wife and child. The
"King" is on his yearly visit to his son,
who is at school in Alameda. This is the
first occasion on which his wife has ac
companied him. Mr. Grieg's father died
here in San Francisco a. few years ago,
and his body was sent to Fanning Island
for interment.
The coast defense steamer MonadnocU
will sail for Puget Sound ports to-day.
As Port Angeles is the first port of entry
in Washington, the chances are that the
warship will make her headquarters there
until the trouble with Spain is over.
A LIBRARY FOR SALE.
The Odd Fellows' Collection to Be
Sold BefoiVthe Ist of June.
The Odd Fellows' library, containing
45,000 volumes, is now being disposed of
at private sale, and by the Ist of next
June the entire collection will be taken
from the shelves upon which they rested
so long.
The library Is the oldest on the Pacific
Coast and was established by the Odd
Fellows in 1855. - : that time there were
few reading rooms in the city, and such
as existed were very unsatisfactory.
To provide for a suitable library, about
$500 was appropriated for the purpose,
and in a short time the library numbered
500 books. The experiment met with
favor, and in 1860 the library, by means
of donations and purchases, had nearly
S*X)O volumes. Since that time the library
has grown steadily, so that two weeks
ago, when it was closed forever, in the
neighborhood of 45.000 books lined the
walls. ,
The library, while complete in every
branch of literature, is especially rich In
Kb collection of early voyages and writ
ings concerning New Spain, Mexico, Cali
fornia and the Pacific Coast generally.
Many of these books are exceedingly rare
and some of them are to be bought no
where else.
The Free Public Library has thus far
b*>en the heaviest purchaser. During tho
pust two weeks it has secured $2000 worth
of valuable reference works.
Outside of the heavy purchases made
by the city very few sales of any import
ance have so far been made.
Boycott on Disreputable Houses.
The police have established a boycott on
the houses of Tillie Belmont and Mollio
Woodward on Mason street, between
Eddy and Ellis. The women have refused
to leave the houses, and warrants will
probably be Issued to-day for the arrest
.of all the occupants.
CLEVER OTTS
WON THE FIGHT
Referee Lawler Gives
Him a Decision Over
Hughey Dougherty.
Furious and Scientific Eight-
Round Bout at the Excelsior
Athletic Club.
With One Eye Closed Dougherty
Makes a Gritty and Deter
mined Stand.
"Touse fellys wot pay tree plunks to
see big guys punch, ain't getting yer
moneys wurt. Yer want to come out
of the cable if yer want to see real
fight," said a sage at the Excelsior
Athletic exhibition last night.
The rough criticism was about right.
It Is seldom that the big events prove
as exciting as the eight-round go be
tween Billy Otts of the Excelsior Club
and Hughey Dougherty of Chicago. For
eight rounds the many hundred spec
tators were treated to a scientific,
gritty and furious bout, and when little
Billy Otts, the pride of his club, was
declared winner by Referee Lawler, he
was worshiped.
Although inexperienced In ring gen
eralship Otts proved himself a clever
and willing fighter, while Dougherty's
ability to swallow punishment won the
admiration of everybody. With his left
optic completely closed, bleeding from
nose and mouth, the gritty representa
tive of the Windy City stayed with his
cleverer opponent returning blow for
blow, landing some, but missing many.
At the call of time Otts began to
launch his left with telling effect.
Dougherty would respond, but with lit
tle effect, as the former's blows came
with a rush. The round closed in Otts'
favor.
In the second the Excelsior lad set a
merry pace, and soon had Dougherty
blowing and bleeding. He gamely took
his grueling and landed many stiff
rights on Otts' jaw, cooling his ardor.
As the round came to a close, Otts
planted two heavy lefts on the jaw and
a right on the wind without a return.
The third round proved even faster.
Dougherty was surprised at Otts'
showing and began to mix things, and
for the first two minutes he had the
native son on the move, but an encour
aging word sent Otts at the visitor with
stinging left facers, and he soon had
Dougherty dizzy.
During the next three rounds of the
bout Otts forced the pace and often
had his man groggy, but Dougherty's
ring experience and crouching attitude
saved him.
Dougherty's bad eye proved a handi
cap to him in the last two rounds. He
tried to land his right time and again
but Otts' head would move to one side,
the blow going over the shoulder. Both
boys stood In the center of the ring,
giving blow for blow, at a pace that
did the hearts of old ring-goers good.
At the conclusion of the bout Otts
was as fresh as a newly picked flower.
Otts weighed in at 129 and Dougherty
at 128.
Previous to the event of the even-
Ing, Billy Qulnn and Jack Cranfleld.
William Vamlet and Joe Kane; Henry
Smith and Joe Kennedy boxed three
round goes. Vamlet proved a new
comer and a hummer. The way he
warmed Joe Kane's sides created favor
able comment. The only Jack Holland
sang his Italian ditty and Pat Casey
"recited a recitation."
Sergeant Brophy and his assistants
handled the large crowd splendidly and
nothing disturbed the harmony of the
evening.
SHOT IN SELFOEFENSE.
Charles W. Dunn Acquitted on the
Charge of Murder.
Charles W. lninn was yesterday ac
quitted by Judge Conlan on the charge
of murder. The Judjre held that from
the evidence L unn acted in self-defense,
and was satisfied that no Jury would
convict him.
Dunn was night bartender in a saloon
at Jones and O'Farrell streets and in the
early morning of March 11 D. W. Per
grin, an Englishman, was in the saloon
and was in a lighting humor. He abused
the Americans and struck a man named
Chrystal twice on the face. "When Dunn
interfered Pergrin seized a large beer
glass, and was in the act of throwing it
at Dunn when he fixed the shot that later
proved fatal.
Sentence of Tauchi Postponed.
The passing of sentence on Kamikichi
Tauchi, a Japanese, convicted of murder
in the sfecond degree, for having shot and
killed Mary Costillla, a white woman
with whom he had been living, was post
poned in judge Wallace's court yesterday
until next Friday. y
An Overworked Brain.
From the Record, Plerceton, Ind. -
Determined to rise in his own profes-
sion as an educator, Ernest Kemper of
Pierceton, Ind., overtaxed himself men- !
I tally and physically. He was ambitious, ;
j his mind was always on his work. From
early morn until late at night he continu- i
ally pored over his books.
"Burned the cand.e at both ends '
Few persons, even with the strongest
str n a S in 11110113 ' an keeP Up Under such a
In addition to his studies Mr. Kemoer
was teaching a sciinol some three miles
from his home. Finally his exce?«»Jvo
study and the exposure of going to and
from school in all kinds of weather un
dermined his health. weather un "
He was taken to his bed with nnon
Slffp. " d FOr overwo^ed brain afmost
Or weeks he was
ni-<^w— n He was sent to Colorado,
inHCiB M where he spent i.iree
,1 I PCy^CrVv montns without receiv-
WAU^WV^^S^Tiw s p c cial-
k l^^^ l\lf l' Ist from
'■ ■I \\\ 'ii\\ I'l/ Cleveland
-« . ' M JYSJ pi' treated
' _ fr^^^r f [\\'l out avail. and men
II • '. I / ; K'.Wl a; hospital in Chi-
: ||* || -/\ Ml oago was tried, i
• Ifl I **J \>O but all absolutely
: *m -■ ■ II )i\ Vc? without • benefit.
■ '. y^iiP. '■■' Finally his physl-
£if . dan recommended
* Dr. Williams' Pink |
: O\*rm«ly. ; pulg for ale Peo-
ple, and from the first box-he began ,to
improve. When he had taken nine boxes
he was ■ completely cured. This famous
blood ■■ and nerve - medicine had :, accom-
plished what all ■ his former expensive
treatment failed to accomplish: Mr. Ker- I
per says his catarrh has entirely left him;
he is strong, again and weighs nine
pounds more than he ever did. He gives
the pills the entire credit. He is. starting ,
teaching again and feels abundantly able
to continue the work. To prove that the
above is true in every respect Mr. Kem-
per made an affidavit as follows:
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
the 10th day. of September. 1597.
R. P. WATT, Notary Public.
We doubt ;if t..ese pills have an equal
in all the range of medicine for building
,up a run-down and debilitated system. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
As a Tonic for the sick will
produce health, and as a
beverage for the well will
retain and sustain health.
Highest grade Malt Extract
on the market. A Non-Intox-
1 icant. All Druggists.
BLATZ BREWING 50.,
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
■* 16-418 .Sacramento St.
. — — »
i r* -i--i ■ - i — -in— i i
KLONDIKE
OUTFITS
Not complete without a supply o£
v^JSO^«Bpwt,iwJ.<s«<^l
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE BRAND
CONDENSED MILK
Highest reputation for keeping qual-
ity, nsnee, no experiment ; no loss.
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
LADUE-TUKON
TRANSPORTATIONCO.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.
General Freight and Passenger Agents,
609 MARKET STREET,
Will Dispatch Their Magnificent Steamer
"MORGAN CITY"
'.',- FOR
JUNEAU, DYEA, SKAGUAY,
COPPER RIVER, COOKS
INLET and -
DUTCH HARBOR
From Jackson-Street Wharf on
SATURDAY, APRIL 16th.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 Market Street and 204 Front Street.
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, l>e-
partment No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als., Defendants. Cause
No. 62.117.
Notice Is hereby given that under and In pur-
suance of the Interlocutory decree in partition
and order of sale heretofore duly made and
given in the above-entitled court and cause,
and thereafter, to-wlt, on the 6th day of April,
IS9S, duly entered of record therein, by which
said interlocutory decree of said court, the
undersigned, O. H. Umbsen, was appointed by
consent in open court of all the parties to said
action, as sole referee for the purpose of mak-
ing sale of the real property hereinafter de-
scribed, and by which said decree it was
directed that said real property be sold at pub-
lice auction In the manner required by law,
the undersigned, as such referee, will, on Mon-
day the 9th day of May, IS9B, at the hour of
twelve (12) o'clock m., at the real estate office
and salesrooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co., at No.
14 Montgomery street, in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, sell at
public auction in separate parcels to the high-
est bidder for cash in United States gold coin,
and subject to confirmation by s;Ud Superior
Court, those certain lots, pieces or parcels of
real property situate, lying and being in said
City and County of San Francisco. State of
California, and buunded and described as fol-
lows, to- wit:
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line cf Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-five (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty (80)
feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (2.'>) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred-Vara Sur-
vey, a? laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred-vara lot.
Becond— Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Paga
street with the westerly line of Octavia street,
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and Bix-tweUthi < X 7 6-12) feet to
the i»>int of commencement, being a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a pnint on the north-
westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner ot
Second and Minna Btreeta <said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet, thence
at right angles easterly an.t parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine anil six-twelfth* C.9 6-12)
fwt. thence at right angles southerly and
parallel with New Montgomery street eighty
(80) feet to the northwesterly line of Minna
street, and thence at right angles westerly
along the northwesterly line of Minna street
fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12) feet to the
point of commencement, being a subdivision of
the one hundred-vara lot number eight (i).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Dur.ian streets, running
thence westerly alone ttv." northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north-
erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen feet (111) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (80)
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (111) feet to Duncan
street, the point of commencement, together
with the improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale and delivery of deed
Dated this 7th day of April 1898
_ OH. UMBSEN.
Bole Referee Appointed by Said Superior Court.
DINKELSPKIL & GESFORD
Attorneys for Plaintiff. No. SOG Claus Spreckels
Building. San Francisco.
.V^^aifeot^j... pi Big Ois a non-poisoning
remedy for G..norrha-a,
ygflfgrcCHEftrv??! Gleet, Spermii torrhaa.
/BBKW ia ' toSdari.Ta Whites, unnatural dis*
/Pflay Gniraiitcri o charges, or any inflitinnia-
gj**J no» to •trletn.-e. tion. irritation or ulcera-
JC^3 Prevents conujioo. tion of mi ii co ii niem-
wSj|rHEEvANSCi!EMirMno. branes. Non-astringent.
YmßLcincinnati.o BjSn Sold by l>rnt,-Si»t*,
Nl^ v. S. a yJSvf '.' )r E ' ::t '" Plain wrnpptr,
•Oaceift^v^ jffl^ "y express, prepaid, for
; '•^Mm^MK^^m $1.00, .or 3 bottles, $2.75.
■ Circular wnt us r^ueat.DECLARED TO
BE A MENACE
TO OAKLAND
Board of Trade Will
Resent Pier Line
Changes.
The Petition Now on File
Said to Be a
Ruse.
Would Make It Impossible for
Oakland to Build Any
Wharves.
COUNCILMEN ARE IN LINE.
Decide That It Is Advisable to Have
Same Official Repre
sentation.
90S Broadway, April 15.
"Whereas, A petition has been
flied and is now pending before the
Corns of Kneineers. U. S. A., at
"Whereas, A petition has been
flied and is now pending before the
Corps of Engineers, U. S. A., at
San Francisco, Cal., seeking to
have moved landwards pierhead
lines in the Oakland harbor as es
tablished about five years ago by
the Federal Government, the effect
of which change would be to put
new pierhead lines and all wharves
and landings solely upon land
claimed by t Water Front Com
pany, leaving no free water front
age or landing place under the con
trol of the public as Is now the case
under the decision of the Supreme
Court of the State of California, as
it now stands:
solved. That this body views
proposed change with great
alarm, as against the public inter-
. gainst the growth of Oakland
ami the rig.»t of the city and the
whole public; and this body does
most strongly protest against any
change "f pierhead lines, the effect
of whicn would be to limit wharves,
Its, piers or landing places to
territory clal: d in private owner
;i:us taking the dominion and
control of the city front out of the
hands of the public and putting it
in the hands of individuals, or of
a private corporation organized for
profit. And this body protests
against any change of harbor lines
the effect of which would be to
diminish the area of water front
now under public control; and be
it further
"Resolved, That the officers and
directors of this body be and they
are hereby directed to appear at the
hearing of said petition in support
of this resolution and to oppose any
change of pierhead lines."
A special meeting of the Board of Trade
xrns held this morning to consider what
Fteps should be taken relative to the at
tempt to change the pierhead lines along
the water front. This Question to take
the water front controversy out of the
hands of the Supreme Court and to work
through the United States engineer's of
fice is considered to be of primary im
portance-, and at the meeting next Mon
day in San Francisco there will be many
arguments presented on behalf of this
city? interest.
Attorney Lair Hill, who has had a large
Fhare in representing Oakland's side In
the litigation, explained to the directors
how the petition of Brock & Co. to have
the pierhead lines changed would affect
the city's right.
Councilman Pringle, who was present,
paid: "This move is nothing more nor
less than an effort of the Water Front
pany to get around the decision giv
ing us a right to the water front. It will
need an enort on our part to get the en
gineers to decide in our favor. The Board
of Trade should send a delegation Id the
meeting on Monday."
A suggestion having been made in favor
of calling a mass meeting to protest
ne.iinst the import of the petition, the
matter wan discussed, but the board de
. i'led that little was to be gained by such
a general demonstration and that a "strong
protest backed by sound argument before
the United States Engineers would be the
letter plan. The resolution already quot
ed was then passed unanimously.
The Ordinance and Judiciary Committee
or the City Council has decided that it
■will be better to countenance the appear
ance of the special attorneys for the city
at Monday's meeting. The matter was
discussed by the committee last night
and on the representation of Mr. T'pton
:he attorneys are willing to appear
without compensation, it was decided to
Include the words "without compensa
tion" in the resolution and recommend its
adoption. Although this resolution will
not he acted upon by the City Council
until next night, when the con
ference in the engineers' office will have
closed, it is significant inasmuch as it
shows that several o. the Councilmen who
voted against it last Monday night have
been forced by the pressure of public
opinion and general protest to change
their votes. There is no doubt that in
accordance with the spirit 01 the resolu
tion as recommended, the city's attorneys
will be present.
GONE TO HIS REST.
Death of John H. Kercheval in Oak-
land After a Long Illness.
OAKLAND, April 15— The death of
John H. Kercheval, the material agent
of the Southern Pacific Company, at h»s
home in this city last night, has removed
a man well-known throughout the coast.
He comes of a French Huguenot family,
whose original name was Coeur de
Cheval, meaning the "heart of a horse."
Mr. Kercheval was born on Hickory
Farm, near Jollet, 111., September 26, 1836.
and came to this State December 10. 1553.
He returned In the spring and became
deputy sheriff of Will County. Illinois.
He enlisted In Company R. Tenth Illinois
volunteers, at the Hist call of men for
the civil war. but his health compelled
him to give up in about a year, tie re
turned to California in ISG7. began his
career as a railroad man aa brakeman
on the first passenger train over the
summit. He has remained with the com
pany ever since.
Deceased was a member of Oakland
Lodge No. 188. F. and A. M Oakland
Chapter No. 36. R. A. M . Oakland Com
mandery No 11. Knights Templar, past
patron Oak Leaf Chapter No 8 O E S
a member of the Ma-sonic Veterans' 'As
sociation of the Pacific Coast I'nlversitv
Lodge No. 144, I. O. O. F.. Admiral O." 1)
Porter Post. G. A. R. The funeral will
be Sunday at 2 p. m. from the Masonic
Temple.
Innovation for Teachers.
OAKLAND, April 15— There is now un
der consideration in this city a novel in
novation regarding the next County
Teachers' Institute to be held in Septem
ber. It is to secure the presence of Pro
fessor William James, head of the de
partment of " philosophy at Harvard, to
deliver a course of six lectures instead
of having tht> routine institute work. It
has been enthusiastically received by the
teachers, and County Superintendent of
Pchools J. P. Oarlick will consider the
subject, with a view of adopting it.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO.. Murphy Bldg
Hkt A. Jones, sell "STANDARD" ahicts'
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HONORED BY BERKELEY STUDENTS.
C. E. THOMAS, the Newly Elected President of the Associated Students
of the University of California.
1 JZRKELEY, April 15.— 0. E. Thomas '99 was to-day elected presi
dent of the student body of the State University for the coming year.
Thomas Is a prominent debater, has been speaker of the Students' Con
gress and is a member of the intercollegiate debating committee. He
was elected unanimously to the presidency of the associated students.
R. H. Collins '00 was elected vice-president and Ralph E. Daniels
'99 was re-elected treasurer of the association. Knight Dunlap and Bert
H. Quayle were nominated for the s?cretaryship, the election to take
place next Tuesday. The class representatives on the executive com
mittee will be chosen next term.
POOLROOMS
NOT ILLEGAL
Judge Allen Annuls the
Law Prohibiting
Them.
The Head of the Ordinance Is
Not Harmonious With
the Body.
Nothing to Prevent Open Pool-Sell
ing Now in All the Cigar
*Storea.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 15.
When the Supreme Court declared that
the Stratlon primary law was unconsti
tutional because the title and the body
of the act did not agree they made It pos
sible for poolrooms to be at once opened
In Oakland and run without fear of mo
lestation by the police.
This morning Judge Allen declared the
famous anti-poolroom ordinance, which
was passed after the bitterest agitation
ever seen In this city, in 1592, to be In
valid on the ground that the title of the
measure did not correspond with its va
rious sections. As a result of this decis
ion the raid on the pool-sellers made
several weeks ago is without effect, and
D. P. Clark. A. D. Dennis, W. Wolfsohn
and C. McPiale were discharged in the
Police Court and the charges against
them were dismissed.
There is now no bar to the opening of
poolrooms In this city and conducting
them "wide open," unless the City Coun
cil should amend the ordinance and make
its head and tail agree. This is more
than is expected from the "solid six,"
and undoubtedly there will bo a great
anti-poolroom campaign inaugurated at
once.
Attorney T. M. Bradley, who repre
sented the pool-sellers in the Police
Court, moved tor a dismissal on the
ground that the title of the ordinance
under which the arrests were made did
not mention specifically that the receiv
ing of money to bet on races was pro
hiuited, while In the body of the article
such prohibition i« ordained. He says
his client only received money to bet on
races for other parties.
A. A. Moore Jr., representing the Dis
trict Attorney";* oflice, while admitting
that Mr. Bradley's point might be well
tukin, asked for a continuance of a few
days to look the matter up. Attorney
Bradley insisted on an immediate " de
cision, and Judge Allen declared the or
dinance void and discharged the defend
ant.
The title of the ordinance reads: "An
ordinance prohibiting In certain places
within the city of Oakland the selling of
pools or making of beis or wagers on
contest between men or between horses,
wherein money or other articles of value
are staked or played."
In the ordinance Is the following sec
tion, upon which the pool-sellers base
their argument:
No person upon any trial or contest of skill,
speed or power of endurance, between men, or
■ between horse». shall, within the limits of the
city ot Oakland, Bell, issue or dispose of any
ticket, certificate or other evidence of payment,
on which -shall be Inscribed, written marked
or printed any number, name, word, mark or
! device to desiunate the choice selected, received
or accepted by any other person to entitle or
enable the said person holding the ticket, cer
tificate or other evidence of payment to galfc
or lose on any contingent Issue; or receive any
article of value or any money or anything rep
resenting money, or any articule of value, as
a bet, wager or hazard upon the event of any
contest or contingent stake, or an a stake or
pledge between two or more parties or to dis
burse the said money or any portion thereof or
anything representing money ur other article
of value upon any representations or condition
or tn any conformity to or with any express or
tacit understanding or agreement.
When ex-Chief Lloyd made his raid on
the pool-sellers he stated that pool-sell
ing was being conducted on such a vl-
Eplan and In so many places that
ren not over H years of age of both
i were being taught to gamble and
putting up even as low as a dime
on the chances of horses. There Is no
doubt that the moral slue of the question
will receive immediate attention, and
there are many who think that Judge
Allen rendered his decision on a point
smaller than will be recognized should
the case be appealed to a higher court.
The New Secretary.
OAKLAND, April 15.— The Eureka So
ciety for the Protection of Children, In
San Francisco, has elected Colonel George
H. A. Dimpfel of this city secretary. This
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
is the new society, of which H. Temple
man is president, and has offices In the
Donohoe building. The new secretary' is
a G. A. R. man of wide experience, hav
ing served as agent for the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children In
this city for some time.
HARMONY PREVAILS.
A New Lease of Life for the Young
Men's Republican League.
OAKLAND, April 15.— The Young Men's
Republican League took on a new lease
in its career to-night, and it is now be
lieved that harmony Is assured and that
within a few weeks the league will have
1000 enrolled members. President Breed
opened the proceedings with a very strong
statement of the position of the club with
regard to the two candidates for Gover
nor in this city. "After all that has been
said by unauthorized parties, ir ,'"said the
president. "I feel that a statement Is ab
solutely necessary at this time to place
the club in a truthful position before the
party In Alameda County. I brand as
I false and unauthorized any statement
that declares this league has indorsed or
is working in the interest of any candi
date for any office. This falsehood has
been freely circulated, and although we
have received Tair treatment from the
I press, the rumor has not yet been suffi
ciently exploded. After the convention
we win get behind all the Republican
candidates and work with all our might,
but not until then. Now, it is our pur
pose to build up a strong party organi
zation, loyal to Republicanism, but hot
to individuals striving for nominations."
This declaration was louuly cheered, and
some very kind things were said about
those who belonged to the league two
years ago but who have not yet joined the
ranks. Everything that was said in the
discussion that followed looked to har
mony, and anything that might be con
strued as inimical to those who are sup
posed to be in the Pulcifer camp was
carefully avoided. Charles Hall spoke of
the struggle between the candidates for
Governor, and said that the County Com
mittee should take the matter in hand
and should end the fight. : ♦
Mr. Knowles said that if Alameda did
not soon end her quarrel she would find
that Mr. Flint take the matter had hand
should end the fight,
r. Knowles said that if Alameda did
soon end her quarrel she would find
: Mr. Flint of San Benito had cap
tured the prize. James Oliver of Berke
ley Introduced a resolution commending
the course of President McKinley, and it
was carried unanimously and enthusi
astically. Many other speeches were
i made, and a desire for harmony was the
expression of all. a
At the close of the meeting it was found
that nearly 400 had signed Lie roll. Coffee
and sandwiches were generously pro
vided, and the affair marked a new era of
good feeling in the life of the club It is
now believed that Harry Pulcifer and his
followers will accept the offer of the
league to have representation on the ex
ecutive committee and that all will enroll
The declaration of non-partisanlsm by
I President Breed has paved the way for
speedy union.
Pioneer's Sudden Death.
OAKLAND," April 15.— The sudden
death of William P. Hayes makes the
third among the Southern Pacific em
ployes Pioneer's Sudden Death. time
Ai,Kl^\l?',HA i, KI^\ I ?',H Apr « J*'— The R udden
t.h of llliam P. Hayes makes the
d among the Southern Pacific em
•es at the shops within a short time
George H. Mallard and John M McGill
very were the other two of the trio Mr
Hayes was stricken with apoplexy while
at work Wednesday and never rallied
He was taken to Fabiola, as his- aged
mother, now past 90, was not considered
strong enough to stand the shock. When
informed of the death to-day she bore un
very well. Mr. Hayes came to the coast
among the pioneers, and had been en
gaged In business in Nevada and other
parts of the State before he came to this
city.
iDrmed the death to-day she bore up
y well. Mr. Hayes came to the coast
ong the pioneers, and had been en
red in business in Nevada and other
ts of the State before he came to this
Murphy's Murder Recalled.
OAKLAND. April Mrs. Lizzie Mur
phy, widow of Patrick Murphy of Temes
cal, who was shot and killed at his
own door on the evening of December 15
1897. by Frederick Uhl. a neighbor, has
filed her petition for letters of adminis
tration on the estate. It is valued at
about 51000. Uhl is now in the Mendo
cino State Asylum, while his family has
gone to San Francisco to reside. l T hl
had been insane and was being cared for
at home, but evaded the family ions
enough to do the shooting.
The Higgins Estate.
OAKLAND, April 15.— ihe Inventory
ugh to do the shooting.
'A'ne Higgins Estate.
AKLAND, April 15.— ihe inventory
and appraisement of the estate of the
late Elisha Hlgsrlns has been filed and
it laces the value at ■ $143,342 95. of which
J32.557 Cl is cash on deposit and $61K2 life
insurance. He owned interests in twelve
vessels, valued at $10,000; stocks and
bonds in eighteen corporations, valued
at .$126,983; ten notes aggregating $5572
household goods valued at $2500, and real
estate valued at $23,040.
tsl2fi.9R3; Pioneer's Funeral. 55572
sehold goods valued at $2500, and real
.te valued at $23,040.
A Pioneer's Funeral.
LEASANTON. April 15.— The: funeral
of George T. Gilson. who has been a res
ident of this place for twenty-four years
was one of the largest ever seen In the
Llvermore Valley. , Rev. ,.: R. Logan and
Alisal Lodge, F.i and A. iM., officiated
He was a brother of Professor J. C. Gil
son, ex-Superintendent of Schools. He
left a widow and daughter, the: latter a
student at Valley. Rev. »R. Logan and
sal Lodge. F. and A. M.. officiated
was a brother of Professor J. C. Gil
, ex-Superintendent of Schools. He
a widow and daughter, the latter a
Sent at Berkeley.
To Occupy His Old Pulpit.
OAKLAND. ; April . 15.— Rev. George W.
Sweeney. -D.D., who la visiting the ■ coast
will preach next Sunday- : morning at li
The fac-Blmile y^T y/T/J^tJ^^ ** OKi ever wrapper
•ignatur© of (iS^TO& «f CASTOEIA.
. • .-,- . -, .. ..... . - .. . q - ... .- - .- : . • ...... -v- ... . .
o'clock for the First Christian Church,
his old charge, which he served for many
years while an Oakland pastor. This is
the only time he will preach in Oakland
before returning to Chicaeo. The First
Christian is on West street, near
Twelfth, of which Rev. T. I>. Butler is
the present pastor.
SHE SEEKS TO RECOVER.
Mrs. Lenore E. Taylor Sues Her Hus-
band to Collect on a Mainte
nance Contract.
OAKLAND. April 15.— Mrs. Lenore E.
Taylor of Berkeley has filed a suit
against "her husband for $1200, due her
for maintenance, according to the terms
of an agreement entered Into by the par
ties JanuaiV 5, 1897. The parties are
living apart and have for some time, but
the husband has paid $75 per month for
the support of his wife and two chil
dren.
Mr. and Mrs. Taylor were married in
Oarfleld, Colo., October 9, ISB9, and have
two children— Ethel A., aged 14. and
Frederick E., aged 10 years. Owing to
their inability to live together peacea
bly they drew up an agreement to sep
arate, the wife to have the care and
custody of the children. The husband
agreed to pay his wife $50 per month for
maintenance, and Charles A. Bailey, as
trustee, $25 per month, until the Berke
ley home was cleared of debt, and waived
all his rights to the property.
It is alleged In the complaint that he
is now behind $1203, and it is this which
the wife seeks to recover in her suit.
His Heart Failed.
OAKLAND, April 15.— Rev. Father
Nolan of St. Mary's Church was taken
with a very peculiar fainting spell at the
Receiving Hospital while taking the dy
ing confession of G. Fenetia. His body
turned cold and his pulse dropped to 20
beats a minute. Steward Tobin and Dr.
R. S. Stratton took him in charge, and
after an hour's work revived him to con
sciousness. He is now at home resting
easy, and it is believed all danger Is past.
Heart failure is supposed to be the
trouble.
No Student Commencement Speakers, i
BERKELEY, April 15.— The academic
council of the university this morning de
cided to do away with the old custom of
having a number of student speakers on
commencement day. The exercises will
begin at 10:30 a. m. on Wednesday, May
IS, and the address by Professor E. J.
James of Chicago, together with the
awarding of diplomas and commissions
will constitute the programme. Presi
dent Kellogg has appointed a special
committee. consisting of Professors
Soule, Edwards and Magee, to co-operate
with Professor Howison of the faculty
committtee and Profc-ssor O'Neill of the
alumni committtee, to make arrange
ments for the graduating exercises.
The Reservoir Completed.
BERKELEY, April ]r..-Rf.gent J. F.
Houghton, chairman of the committee on
reservoir, to-day visited the new 300,000
gallon roservoir in Strawberry Canyon,
which has Just been completed.
On Sunday the water from Strawberry
Creek will be turned into the reservoir
by means of the new dam, higher up the
canyon, and It is expected that the reser
voir will be filled in about a week.
Mains have been laid to the various
parts of the university grounds, and En
gineer Boardman believes that in addi
tion to furnishing an adequate supply in
case of fire, the new reservoir will make
it possible tn sprinkle the roadways and
irrigate the gardens of the college
grounds throughout the summer.
Second Intercollegiate Game.
BERKELEY. April 15.— To-mnrrow at
3 n. m. tlif second of the series of inter
collegiate baseball ganus between Berke
ley rind Stanford will be played at Rec
reation Park, San Francisco. The Cali
fornia nine has paid particular attention
to batting practice during the week, and
the game will probably be a close one.
A big crowd of "rooters" will go over
from Berkeley to make plenty of noise
for the enp'>urnsT>mf>nt of the team. The
men will line up for California as fol
lows:
Catcher. Mem: pitcher, Knarsberg; first
base. Bride; seoond base. McLaren; third
base. Haer; shortstop, MeCabe; left field,
rhesoborough; center field, Hoag (cap
tain); right field. Collins.
Athletes Must Be Studious.
BERKELEY. .vpril In— The faculty of
the university has decided to exact a
higher standard of scholarship from stu
dent athletes In the future. At the meet
ing: of the academic council this morning
the following rule was adopted, to go
Into effect n r -\-t August:
"No student shall be permitted to take
part in any intercollegiate athletic con
test (a) who lias conditions covering
m<>ro than seven hours of his college
work or (b) who has been reported defi
cient by more than one instructor, or as
grossly deficient by one instructor in the
■work of the current year."
Would Like to Rush.
BERKELEY, April 15.— At tho meetln.tr
of tho Associated Students to-day a reso
lution was introduced limiting the appli
cation of tho student body's prohibition
of rushing so as to allow rushing to be
carried on on the hills in the rear of the
college grounds so lontr as campus rushes
and rushes in the dark are not resorted
to. The question will be voted on next
Tuesday, tho members present at to-day's
meeting requesting that the woman stu
dents refrain from voting on the matter.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. April 15.— Mrs. Edward C.
Bodman, a member of the advisory board
of the school of pedagogy of the Uni
versity of Now York, visited the univer
sity at Berkeley this morning.
The '99 Blue and Gold was placed on
sale to-day. Considerable disannolnt
ment was expressed amon? tho students
at the extreme tameness of tho book as
compared with the annuals of previous
years.
Tho sophomore class hold n most suc
cessful and onjoyablo social this evening
at Stiles Kail. A musical programme
was followed by the singing of college
sonjrs and tho serving of refreshments
Tho college Y. M. ('_ A. will give a
farewell supper next Tuesday ovening in
honor of tho senior members of the as
sociation. The supper will follow a reg
ular meeting of the association, which
will be in the nature of a farewell serv
ice, conducted by Miss Bessie M. Gris
wold 'OS.
To-morrow morninp: at 10:30 o'clock
Profos-.sor John Fryor will deliver a uni
versity extension lecture on "Chinese
Buddhism" nt the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art. San Francisco.
Tho Associated Students of the Berke
ley Hi?h School met this afternoon and
passed resolutions of regret at the death
of Mrs. P. D. "Waterman, wifo of Profes
sor Waterman, principal of the school.
The funeral will he held next Monday at
2 p. m. from Trinity Methodist Church
All the- public BChOOIS of Berkeley will bo
closed on the <!•*• of the funeral out of
respect to the deceased.
New Transfer Rules.
ALAMEDA, April 15.— Tho now trans
fer regulations of the Oakland Transit
rompany went into effect this morning.
Passengers from Alamerta can now
travel to Berkeley, Piedmont. Highland
Park and other points reached by the
lines of the Realty Syndicate for a sin
gle fare. The same rule, of course, holds
pood for yassrncr>TS on any of the lines
running into Oakland. They will receive
transfers to Alameda. Another change
Inaugurated to-day also that will be ap
preciated by Alamedans is a new time
schedule for the Santa C:ara avenue
line. Cars will now leave Park street via
tho West End for Oakland every ten
minutes, instead of twelve, as hereto
fore.
Alameda Notes.
The picnic committee appointed from
the various schools of this city to dip
cuss the annual school picnic to be held
at Leona Heights on tho 30th of April
met at the City Hall last evening ap
pointed the several committees, and after
making further arrangements adjourned
to meet again April 22.
Orders were read before Company G,
N. G. C. last evening calling for an
election for a second lieutenant. The
election will take place at the armory
next Thursday nipht.
David Starr Jordan of Stanford Uri
versitv will lecture in the Unitarian
church at 11 o'clock next Sunday morn
illET.
The Unity Circle will give a fine con
cert May 4. The best attainable San
Francisco talent will take part.
Rev. and Mrs. F. D. Bovard. D D
tendered an enjoyable reception to the
choir of the Park street M. E. Church
last evening at the parsonage.
It has been proved, as the result of ex
periments, that tho circulation of the
blood is affected by music.
ASTON SAYS HE
WAS A FRIEND
Only Visited Mrs. Rojas
to Pay for Work
Done.
Denies the Allegation That He
Was Caught Kissing
the Lady.
Alvarado's Dlvorco Cnso May Be
tho Cause of a Lively-
Trial.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 15.
"When the divorce case of the Rojases
comes up in Judge Hall's courtroom there
will probably be a lively trial. Philip H.
Aston, whose name appears in the com
plaint, says that only one side of the
story has yet been told. The case has
excited much interest in Alvarado, where
the parties live, and has been a fruitful
theme for gossip for several months, both
parties to the controversy apparently
having many friends.
"I have been brought into this case on
false representations," Bald Mr. Aston.
"The facts are as follows: Rojas deserted
his wife on September 3 of last year, after
he beat and abused uer most shamefully.
Mrs. Rojas was at that time in destitute
circumstances, and, in fact, had not the
necessaries of life. On the day mentioned
Mrs. Rojas had him arrested for battery,
to which charge he pleaded guilty and
paid his fine. The poor lady came to me
in her great trouble for assistance, and
askeu me to give her my washing to
help her to sustaJn life for her three
children. I gave her work, and never
visited her till December 13, when I went
to her house about half-past 8 In the
evening to pay her. We were sitting in
the kitchen and talking together, when
Mr. Rojas rushed in and accused me of
kissing his wife, and abused her shame
fully. After considerable talking I left
for my home. I again yisited Mrs. Rojas
on December 17 to get a vest which I had
sent her that day for repairs. Rojas
again entered the house and raised a dis
turbance, but there was no fighting or
thrashing at these times. One night in
February ho waylaid me in the dark and
hit me unawares on the head, in a public
street, for which I had him arrested. Mrs.
Rojas is highly respected by all the good
people of this town, ajid they are now
helping her by giving her work; but I
cannot say the same for Mr. Rojas. When
the case comes up before Judge HaJl on
April 25 tne rest of this story will be
made public-^
WILL EXTEND
ITS OPERATIONS
Brotherhood of Andrew and
Philip to Hold State
Conventions.
Interesting Proceedings of the First
Annual Convention. Including
1 Chapters and B Leeguee.
ALAMEDA. April 15.— The first annual
convention of the Brotherhood of Andrew
and Phiup met yesterday afternoon and
evening in the First Congregational
church. Seven \- natters o. the brother
hood and live men's leagues were repre
sented.
The opening devotional exercises were
followed by an instructive statement by
Rev. Mr. Knodell of the advantage of a
common organization for men's work in
churches. The plan of organization and
constitution presented by Dr. F. D. Bov
ard caused a long and exciting discussion,
resulting in the adoption of a constitution '
for the holding of brotherhood State con
ventions.
A committee on the nomination of per
manent officers, consisting of F. E. Van
Buskirk, Percy Grant, .uev. F. A. Doane
and J. C. Benton, was appointed. After
a bountiful dinner, furnished by the ladies
of the church, the convention resumed its
labors at T:3U o'clock.
The first order for the evening was a
praise service, the greater part of which
was In the hands of a large and efficient
male choir, led by H. S. Stedman, after
which came the address of welcome by
Rev. W. \Y. Scudder Jr. The roll of the
convention was then read, showing that '
chapters of tne brotherhood were pres
ent from the First Presbyterian, the
First Congregational and the First M. E.
churches of Aiameuu; the Mizpah Presby
terian church of San Francisco, the First
Presbyterian Church of Ber-.eley and the
Plymouth Congregational and the Mar
kel-street Congregational churches of '<
Oakland; also the Men's League of the
First Presbyterian Church of Salinas, the
Men's Club of the Fourth Congregational,
the Pilgrim Brotherhood of the Pilgrim
Congregational, the pastors' leagues of
the First and Brooklyn Presbyterian
churches of Uak.and— twelve societies in
all.
At this point the nominating committee
rc-ixTted the names of me following of
ficers for the ensuing year: President,
Professor W. W. Anderson, First Con
gregational Church of Aiameda; lirst
vi< e-president, S. W. Condon, rlymouth
Congregational Church of Oakland; sec
ond vice-president, Chris -nnstianson.
First Presbyterian Church of Berkeley;
third vice-president, ueorge YVittman,
First M. E. Ciiurch of A.aracda; secre-
tary and treasurer, George A. Bordwell,
irirst Presbyterian Church of Aiameda,
Executive committee— Rev. W. W. Scud
dor Jr.. First Congregational Church of
Aiameda; Rev. F. A. Doane, Mizpah
Pros jyterian Church of San Francisco,
and H. Hillard, First Presbyterian Church
of Berkeley.
Next followed an able address, "Awak
i ening interest In the Church on Behalf of
Men," by Rev. J. R. Knodell.
During the offertory E. J. M. Eckert
delighted those present with a barytone
; solo. A history of the brotnerhood by
! H. H. Finch followed, after which a half
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GUNUINE HLNYADI WATER
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
s ~ — FOK— -
CONSTIPATION, v
: DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." UritUhMedicalJourna'.
CAUTION: See that the label bean the tig na-
ture of the firm. ■• ■ '
, • Andreas Saxlehner.
V^^. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ioLjXSteffK (525 HEARS ST. - Established
CH*lt*'aßH ! " ISIV * for the treatment of Private
»*LirfV ' SiQ. OiseHS«-R, Lout Manhood. Debility or
' QWK'-BjMflft rilsettßeT-earlngonbodyanrtmlndatid
■OBKfKjfSJjl Ssl<ln Discuses. Thedociorourp«».-hen
QgyatalßJ others full. Try him. Charges low.
tXettsyuitßa <'ni-f»Bnarnnlo»'J. Callorwrlte.
l>r. J. JO X, Sox 1037. Sau Francisco.
hour was given up to reports from the
various societies, showing good work
done. St. Andrew Brotherhood greeting.
by Dr. j. G. Lacey, showing good fellow
ship, followed, and again the choir did
good service, rendering a tenor solo and
chorus.
Drs. F. S. Brush and E. S. Chapman
then spoke on the two rules. "Service"
and "Prayer," of the brotherhood, when
the time having come to close, all Joined
In singing "Blest Be the Tie That Binds."
Dr. Chapman gave a closing prayer and
the choir sang "Good-night."
GUARDIAN IN TROUBLE.
Gave Possession of Property Before
Authorized by the Court.
OAKLAND, April 15.— The guardian of
Mary Peterman, an incompetent, has
placed himself in a peculiar predicament.
Last Monday the sale of certain prop
erty was up for comf.rmation by the
court. One of the family had bid $2000,
but this was run up to $2425 by an out
sider. The court found the bidder had
no coin up. so refused to make the or
der until $500 was produced, and continued
the case until evening, then until Tues
day and finally until to-day, as no cash
came into court.
The bidder, however, who resides near
the guardian, at Haywards. paid the full
price Monday afternoon, and was given
possession. When the case was called
to-day a new bid of $2500 was offered.
The guardian's attorney objected and
made the explanation given here, but the
court refused to allow it, and confirmed
the new bid. The next move is awaited
with interest, as the court said the par
ties in possession had no title, the guard
lan having no authority to act without
the court's order..
Exhibition in the Gym.
BERKELEY, April 15.— Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst and a number of regents and
professors visited the K.vmnasium this
morning, ■where a special exhibition was
given by the freshman and sophomore i
sections in honor of the visitors. At
noon there was a basket ball came be- *
! tween the Varsity team, captained by j
Miss Edith L. Brownsill. arid the second i
nine, captained by Miss Gertrude Lone
more. The second nine succeeded in
: scoring two points, against the Varsity's
five.
Berkeley Ccaches for Nevada.
BERKELEY, April 15.— Frank F. Ellis.
a student assistant in the d l- pert men: ' of
physical culture at the university, has
been engaged to coach the track athletic
team of the University of Nevada. Miss
| Edith S. Brownsill, captain of Califor
! nla's basket-ball team, has also been se
i cured to coach the basket-ball girls at
i Reno. Both will begin the instruction if
| the sagebrush athletes immediately.
Directory or
TRANSPORTATIOr^
ALASKA
TRANSPORTATION CO,
Will Dispatch the Clipper Ship
RLJFUS E. WOOD
MAT 10.'1598, for ST. MICHAEL, connecting
with our line of river steamers for DAWSON.
Secure your passage and freight space Imme-
diately for the first trip up the river, as it is
going very fast.
We will have some freight space left for St.
Michael.
Apply at 3 STEUART St., San Francisco, Cal.
BARKENTINE LESLIE D
SAILS fOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND
•^i T .'Via Seattle
from Harrison-street wharf promptly on April j
20. Freight received on Monday, April 18, till i
date of sailing.
A few remaining berths may be secured at <
office, •
3<5 EMST STREET.
C. J. JORQENSEN. Owner.
• L KOTZEBUE.SOUND GOLD FIELDS, !
J/*> ALASKA.
J§£l BARK MERMAID
Jt'^L LEAVES MAY Ist.
•C^nsJ^ PASSAGE 5&.200
\£}—J/) Space allowed for I*£ tons bag-
-tglwfiSiSr— — gage for each passenger.
«S:'2r<«^--- Office 26 California st '
HENRY L. BORDEN, Gen. Mgr.
' CAPT. WICKS. I
kStS&^^a i 0 i
' • •• .
There was a clergyman in a Long Island village who suf-
fered from dyspepsia to such an extent that it positively seemed
sometimes as though his doctrine was not sound. It was, however,
only a stomach trouble, and had nothing to do with the mind.
Being convinced of this, one of his parishioners, a lady, presented
him with a small quantity of Ripans Tabules and the relief he ex-
perienced was such that all the congregation noticed an improve-
ment, and now, although his salary is small, this clergyman and
his wife devote a portion of it to keeping the medicine closet
stocked with a suitable supply of Ripans Tabules. Doubtless
there are many cases where what has been thought heresy was in
fact nothing more nor less than dyspepsia, and Ripans Tabules euro
dyspepsia. One gives relief.
A, KSW BTTLK IMCKCT COKTAKnco TEK TA^OHa » A FAnm CAItTOH (WJTBOQT OUJS)
is jOW FOR (ALE at SOME ujiuo noun— fob TIT X curu. _
LYNN PUZZLES
THE DOCTORS
A Little Ruse That Shows He
Has Intervals of Common
Sense.
Experts Disagree in Court and More.
Are Sent For to Unravel
the Tangle.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 18.
J. W. Lynn is causing the doctors and
officials and an army of witnesses a
great deal of trouble. Some declare he
is Insane, others declare he Is not, and
several are doubtful. For three hours
this afternoon Lynn was before Judge
Ogden while a judicial examination was
conducted as to his sanity.
As he was being conducted from the
insane ward to the courtroom a little in
cident occurred that tended to shake the
faith of some in Lynn's insanity. The
Chief of Police had planned a little ruse
that worked to his entire satisfaction.
He had several officers present and as
Lynn was going up the steps the Chief
said: "If this man jroes off Into one of
those struggling fits, just beat him haif
to death: don't waste any strength
wrestling with him."
This order seemed to have the effect
of renderlnir Lynn very sane, for he
turned to Chief Fletcher and said very
rationally, "If that's the way you are
going to treat me. I won't go." Ordi
narily .Lynn does not notice any conver
sation.
The case has now reached the interest
ing stage where doctors disagree.
"Lynn is crazy," swear Drs. Rabe and
"Lynn is sane." swear Drs. Rucker and
J. P. Dunn. And the court is in doubt.
After examining many witnesses, it
was decided to send for Dr. Hatch of
Sacramento and the physicians at Ag
news, where Lynn was employed, all of
whom will testify as experts. The cas«
was continued until to-morrow morning.
This is the most protracted insanity trial
ever held in this county, and bids fair to
be the most expensive.
The banana is said to be the most pro
lific of all food products, being forty-four
times more productive than potatoes and
123 times more than wheat.
_ Continued.
ALASKA, ST. MICHAEL.
BARK KATE DAVENPORT
Sails April 25.
Li&ht.rage facilitiea und Yukon River
connections. Get our rates at 123 Cali-
fornia street, room 13.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINING AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— "i we bark J. A. fa.'ken-
burg will Kail on or about Hay 10, IS9S. fare
including 2600 pounds baggage or freight. *2»w!
Piesengers win apply early to LYXDE St
HOUGH CO.. 40 California st.. San Francisco,
or to A. H. Herrlman, ■ general manager. Ml
Front st., San Francisco.
TO ALL POINTS ON THE YUKON.
First-class passage, including 1000 pounds of
freight and 150 pounds baggage. J2-SO. Freight,
o cent? per pound for lots of- 5 tons or more.
ST. MICHAELS & YUKON DESPATCH LINE
29 second floor. Mills building.
BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
I as Klondike; produced about Jo, 000, 000; 1500«
100 feet: our new modern steamer, Allc«
Rix. stops there g.-.ln* to Dawson City; our
book free. Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
Montgomery Ft. opp. Russ House.
_^_ GAS ENGINES.
UNION GAS ENGiNi
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
p. & B. BUILDING PAPErt~and~PpdT~U
READY HOOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable in price and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, dampness and dust out oC
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINS PAINT CO.. 116 Battery
ft. Tel. No.. Main 1783.
SLEDS BOATS. ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, . rctlc do«, Yukou boat.-".
pilot maps to the Klondike, Alaska outfit*,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 50 boats can be
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS. 713 Third
st. 'Phone Red 23C1.
910
MORE TROUBLE
FOR GOLD BUG
The Short-Legged Run
ner Won a Dash and
Caused Commotion.
The Talent Confronted With
Perplexing Problems at
Oakland.
Ojat Downed a Field of Youngster*.
Rubicon Caused Trouble for
th<s Books.
There was one race declfled at Oak
land yesterday, that caused considera
ble confusion. It was the opening
live and a half furlong scramble, the
"doggiest" event of the card. Gold
Bug won, and whenever the short
legged sprinter scores there is always
trouble brewing. The last time out
Gus Wilson rode him, and he showed
nothing. Yesterday the ex-hurdle rider,
Bob Cairns, had the mount, and at one
time the ring laid 15 to 1 about him.
Just before the horses were called to
the post, a colored trainer by the name
of Lee attempted to give the horse a
"shot," but was caught with the goods
on, and later was ruled off. At any
rate. Gold Buy was played down to
sevens, and In a drive beat Tom Smith
a length. Then the purse was pro
tested on the ground that the winner
was not eligible to start, having won
a race at Kanta Ana some time last
fall. While th^ officials were racking
their brains over the muddle, those in
on the know were cashing their tickets.
The racing throughout was most or
dinary, of the favorites served up but
two were successful in taking purses.
The season Is drawinp to a close and
lirst choices are a dangerous propo
sition.
In the four-furlonK gallnp for two
year-olds OJai. against which 7 to 1 was
once obtainable, out footed his field,
winning easily from Canace. Sweet
Cakes the favorite, was third.
The Blx-furlong sellfn<r sprint next de
cided resulted in a handy win for Va
lencienne. The St. Carlo filly was sec
ond choice in the hotting to Good
Friend, and taking the front position
In the stretch won ridden out from the
favorite. uffK-ial was a good third.
The mile and a sixteenth run was a
windfall for Paul Pry. The ring laid
6 to 5 against the chestnut horse and
he won easily from Robair, corning on
from fourth position. In a hard drive
the 40 i. i shot Metaire secured show
honors filhm Twinkle Twink.
The wise play sent Rubicon to the
post favorite for the second six-fur
lon; run. Mr-Light opened favorite,
but did not receive the caucus nomi
nation, receding to twos. Rubicon led
Throughout, and driving at the finish
got the verdict over Oddson a neck.
McLisrht, away from the post poorly,
v. as third.
The final mile selling run went to
Th"lma. Burko's mare sot all the best
of the start, and backed from 6 to 1
down to 7 to 2, was never headed, lead
ing out the 7 to 5 favorite, Refugee, by
four lengths.
TRACK NOTES.
The win of Valencienne wm not a source of
murh income to W. L. Stanfleld. The filly was
bid up $400 over her entered selling price by A.
Barrera.
A Hunter, the owner of Gold Bug. claims
that his hnrse did not win a purse at Santa
Ana, whirh would disqualify him in yes.ter
day's race, but merely a private sweepstakes.
The matter is being Investigated.
Tholma changed hands after winning the
final race of the day. The brown mare was
entered to be sold for S2'X\ and when boosted
to $600 by Tom Boyle, trainer, John Glvens let
her so.
The entry of Song; and Dance -will be re
fused In future at Oakland. The horse Is a
sulker.
The showing made by Lost Girl in her races
has not met with the approval of the judges.
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-14-2d day of the
Winter Meeting. Friday. April 15. 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
QAS FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs;
1; purse, $300.
593 Gold Bug. a 11l 3
869 Tom Smith. 4 108 5
BS9 Rod Spinner, 4 11! 2
BS9 Roy Carruthers, 4..10R! 1
570 Greenleaf. 4 LOS 4
889 Zaralda. 4 108 7
564 Sandow 111. 4 108 ! 6
Bi>3 Carter D. 4 IPS: 8
893 Gold Bug. a
869 Tom Smith.
BS9 Rod Spinner.
889 Roy Carruth
570 Greenleaf. 4.
889 Zaralda. 4 ..
564 Sandow 111.
893 Carter D. 4..
a "1:3 ... 3 2 2 1 2 4 14 Cairns
4 108 6 ... 6h 52 43 2h Spencer ....
. 4 11l 2 ... 2 h 3 1 3 4 3 4 !g. Wilson..,
lers. 4. .108; 1 ... 11 1 14 12 44 'PlKgott
1 108 4 ... 414 4 2 6 3 510 Hennemy ...
IC6, 7 ... 7 3 7 3 7 10 6 10 jCameron ....
4 108! 6 ... 63 62 61 720 McCarthy ..
t^ 8 .... 8 8 8 8 [McElhanon^
3 2
6 h
2 h
1 1
4 14
7 3
6 3
■J
2 1
5 2
3 1
1 4
4 2
7 3
6 2
8
2 4
4 3
3 4
1 2
6 3
7 10
6 1
8
1 4 Cairns
2 h Spencer
3 4 !G. Wilson....
4 4 JPlKgott
510 Hennensy
610 Cameron
720 'McCarthy ...
8 [McElhanon ..
..! s 7
.. 5-2 7-2
8 9-2
.. 4-5 3-2
..8 4
7 20
8 ft)
.. 30 60
Time. 1:09 V..
three driving.
Winner, J. Krause's eh. g. by Plttsburg-Mollle S. Good start.
Won first
QHO SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, J3&O.
Index. Horses. Weight. jSt. 'im. %m. \m. Stt\ Fin. ! Jockel
(<?7P) OJai 107 S
(SS7) Canace 106 6
(BR3) Sweet Cakes I
887 Owyhee 107; 3
SO9 B.mibel ;
863 Beautiful Girl 100 9
SsS I,po Vertner ..ICS i
S*7 Abano 100 9
895 Billy G :
553 Practice 104j 7
1 2
6%
2 1
7 1
3 4
9 2
4 4
8 2
10
6%
1 4
2 4
3 4
5 2
4 h
7 1
6 2
8 2
10
92
1 4
2 2
3 2
4 4
5 2
6 \
7 3
8 2
9 3
10
[Ruiz
Clawson
Spencer
Plggott
Thorpe
Woods
Ames
Mclntyre
Stout
Brown
4 4
3 7
7-3 2
5 6
4 11-5
30 60
10 15
30 60
60 20V
20 50
Time. :4 r 'i.' Winner. Howard & Thaeker's b. g. by Sid-Dottle Dimple
Won all out. Second and third driving.
Qood start.
907.
THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse,- $350.
SS6 Valenclenne 105
886 Good Friend 105
879 Official 10S
746 Chihuahua 105 1
(^3M Ahlna 100,
(75X) Cipriano 10b
342 Tempw 103 :
&f.6 Quirte 103!
4
\i
6
| 1
5
' 8
|_7
2 4
4 Z
6 25
1 1
5 1
3 2
7 4
8
2 14
4 2
6 25
1 4
6 4
3 2
7 2
8
1 h
3 4
4 h
2 2
6 40
6 2
7 2
8
1 14 I
2 2
3 h
4 4
62 I
6 100 I
7h j
8 I
uurpe
. Brown
ray
awson
>encer
5-2
2
3
3-2
6
8
30
40
5-2
6
7
10
8
200
200
IPRott
imornn
Nell
starT.""Wn :14 l?rst e dri^n g Fri;;deriCkßOn ' 8 <*. f " by St Carlo-Llbbertiflibbet. Good
QAO FOURTH RACE-One and a sixteenth
OUO« pursr.
Index. Horses. Weight. St. Std! 4m.
and upward;
I!
R7l Paul Pry. 6 107,2 2 4
809 Robalr, 4 103 6 3 4
MS Mrtalre. 0 104 S 8
682 Twinkle Twlnk, 4. .104 3 6 2
898 Dolore. 4 Ov 1 1 14
754 icapido, 6 104 7 4 4
SSI I', ter the Second, 6.11(1 5 7 1
867 Fort Augustus. 4.. 1031 4 5 h
»il raui r^ry. «.
899 Robalr. 4....
SIS Motalre, 5...
SS2 Twinkle Twl
838 Dolore, 4
754 Rapldo. 6....
882 Peter the Sec
867 Fort August
Time. 1:48%.
Won easily.
::::::::: "; i JJJ \\ ?4 2 4 2 4 In ISpencer .
™* 3 4 2 1 11 m m 2 3 H Brow
104 88 8 72 71 61 3hR Narva
Ink. 4.. 104 3 6 2 7 2 6h 44 4 4 4 4 iThorpe
W 1 UH 11 2 2 3 2 3 1 5 U truwson"
104 7 4 4 3 1 4 2 6 2 7 2 6 1 Ruiz
cond. 6.110 571 6h 5h I* 5 % 75 Hennessv
tvs, 4..103 45h048 8* 'g* 8 JRultter T
Winner, E. F. Smith's eh. h. by Imp. Sir-Modred-Gypsy.
4 1
2 1
8
7 2
1 1
3 1
6 h
5 4
34
1 1
7 2
6 h
2 2
4 2
& h
8
2 4
if
6 2
5 4
8
24
1 n
6 1
4 4
3 1
7 2
5 4
8
1 n
2 3
3 h
4 4
5 4
6 1
7 5
8
vr □„__ -"-'
H. Brown
n v-r,.., .„,...
R. Narvaez...
Thorpe
Clawson
Ruiz
Henaessy
IRultter
6-5 1
m.... 6-2 4
lez. . . 20 30
4 5
6 3
40 f,l
' .... 8 10
15 20
Good start.
909. FIFTH RACK ~ slx selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. »400.
892 oartson.'3..::::::::::io& 2 ::: 32 i& 21 I? & •••••• 6 i 1
890 McLlght, a 106 ... 4 2 45 3 4 3n ' Clawson i- o-
579 Bellicose. 6 119 1 ... i 2 14 2 1 4 5 415 ■ ShleM, - '« *%
703 Ricardo. a .... GU 4 ... 530 540 540 540 I Ruiz ™ ■£
415 Bernardino. 4 1061 6 ... 6 6 6 6 isnen^; " % X^
W J'SSt Ihret' drMn^' T ' A " McG ° Wan>B ch ' . h ' b " lm P" ««» VOr-UOH VL "vZSTaZi
890 Rubicon, a l;
892 Odrtson. 3.. V...U
890 McLlght, a 1(
*79 Bellicoso, 6 11
7G3 Ricardo. a !
415 Bernardino, 4 II
3
2
1
4
1 1
3 2
4 2
i 2 14
6 30
6
1 4
3 14
4 5
2 1
5 40
6
1 4
2 1
3 4
4 5
5 40
6
1 4
2 1
3 n
4 15
6 40
6
PUsrott
Thorpe
IClawson
Shields ....
Ruiz
Hp^ncer ..
910.
; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400
857 Thelma, a 94 2
(880)' Refugee. 5 110 4 '
£80 Imp. Mistral 11. 4..10S 7 .
597 Merry Boy, 4 97! 6
897 Lost Girl, 4 101 ' 6
SS4 Yule, 3 ...90i 8 i
7'iS Meadow Lark, 6.... SO] 3
xr»3 Donation, 5 99; 9
K«7 Morlnga, 3...... 86! 1
i-C5 Bonnie lone 80:10
SSI Whistle Bird, 4.... 92 11
841 Chappie, 4 97112
*or meima, a si, z 11 lift 11 ... 14 Clawson r 70
(880) Refugee. 5 110 4' 2 1 2 1 2 2 ... 2 5 Thorpe '*t l' 2 -
880 Imp. Mistral 11. 4.. 108 7 4V, «2 3 4 ... 3 2 Hennessy 10 ' 'm
837 Merry Boy, 4 97! 6 si 5 4 44 - ... 4h McGinn ..:"■ 4° IS
897 Lost Girl, 4 101 5 84 7 1 5 4 ... 6 3 McDonald " « I
KI4 Yule. 3 90 1 8< . 9%3h 6 2 ... 6 1 Woods ...."" I I
798 Meadow Lark, 6.... 99! 3 7 '■/,'. 814 8 4 ... 7 5 Holmes ..." 5 12
593 Donation, 5 ..99:9 12 12 10 1 ... 84 Ruiz 15 » if,
567 Morlnga, 3...... 56 1 3 4 4 4 7% ... 9\ Devi n .'.".'.■■■" 12 40
BCS Bonnie lone 8010 "6 lx 9 1 9 % ... 10 1 Golden ..... ' so M
891 Whistle Bird. 4.... 92 11 10 2 10% 11 v ... 112 Weber ....;..' 100 300
841 Chappie. 4 97112 113 111 12 ... 12 Gray 6 10
Time. 1:414. Winner, J. Naglee Burke 1 br. m. by John Happy- Pansy. Good start Won
ar+t three driving. .: . . .. v
11 1 14
21 2 1
4 H fi 2
5i 5 4
84 7 1
, 9 4 3 h
■ 7-M§ 814 '
12 12
3 4 4 V,
'6 1-S, 9 1
10. 2 10 % .
11 3 11 1
1 1
2 2
3 4
4 4
5 4
6 2
8 4
10 1
II
11
12
1 4
25
32
'4 h I
6 3
6 1
7 5
8 4
9 %
in i
11 2
12
lawson
horpe
ennessy ...
cGlnn
■ 1. ■ .5.1
(■Donald ...
'oods
olmes
ulz
evln
olden
'eber
ray
and In future her entry will be rejected at Oak
land.
Tully Coulter, with his string of horses and
Jockey Gray, will leave for the Middle West on
Monday next.
The following is the record of the leading
jockeys from the commencement of the meet-
Ing to April 15, inclusive:
No. Out-
Mounts. First. Second. Third, side.
Thoi-pe 449 131 83 SO 135
Clawson T.SS 1!3 SG 109 277
H. Martin 331 S4 7.i 65 113
Conley 365 II 72 W 151
Tod Sloan 101 45 32 8 16
Piggott 199 40 47 24 SS
E. Jones 2SI 35 IU 42 1.*.3
Spencer 267. 40 19 3) 176
Gray 336 H 33 C 4 Sl7
W. Martin S9 25 26 S 30
J. Woods 257 19 30 3o 174
Hennessy 154 15 IS 20 ?6
Clayton 84 16 13 10 36
O'Connor 103 10 15 U 66
Shields 7! 10 1« 7 53
C. Sloan 78 7 7 ♦ 47
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— Three-quarters of a mile; selling; i
three-year-olds and upward.
910 Whistle Bird ... 94 i 86S Towanda 90 |
£93 Nervoso 97 i 599 Pea Spray 97 j
SG7 Mororito 92 : !>O9 Rlcardo 97
884 Dally R. Form.. S9; BS3 Loch Ness 10t> |
660 Rebel Jack 1M SSS Howard WO
68 Dlggs 103
Second Race— Four and a half furlongs; two
y^ar-olds; selling.
KSK Malay 106 1 SR3 Plmi 101;
870 Also Ran II 106! 896 Polka 101 I
BS3 M props 109; SB7 Distance 101
Third Race— One mile; selling; three-year
n Ms.
722 Jim Brownell .. 96 (SSR)Charles Le 8e1.. 105
<900)Elsmore M* 907 Good Friend ...103
SS4 P. A. Finnegan.lHi 710 Little T G 91
R9l Duke York 11... M 900 Don Luis 99
SCO Floronso M. f'OO Mlstleton 100
Fmirth Race— The Candelarla Handicap;
purse $1300; five-eighths »i a mile; two-year
olds.
901 Sevens 120 R77 Panimlnt 109
g77 Maud Ferguson. lls 001 E. Come 11l
SS7 Hainler 99 r > ('.•ODHumidlty 110
Fifth Race— One and an eighth miles; the
Palace Hotel Handicap: purse. $2000.
-7- Buck Massie....llfi 012 Judge Denny ...110
t-TS Traverser 107 <S!t2)Fonsovannah ...1W
- - "stler Joe 115 S7B Linstock W
7HI Salvation 100 902 San Venado 9S
(S7G)Buckwa 110 880 Wh. of Fortune. 97
JTfc Candelarla 1001
Sixth Race — One and a quarter miles: four
year-olds and upward; selling.
SS2 Little Cripple ..107 1 596 Sweet FaverdalelOS
J.S2 The Dragon 105! (896) Earl Cochran.. .107
SSS Alvero 99i S2» Daylight 102
S9l Don Clarenclo..lo6 Sf<6 Attlcus 95
90S Rupido 99: SB2 Sir Dllke 102
Seventh Race— Three-quarters of a mile;
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
S9S Santa Paula P2! (S97>Peixotto 11l
i-^iMlss Rowena ... 95 SSS R. Q Ban lOS
574 Pat Murphy .... 97: S9R San Mateo 106
753 Road warmer ... 97: 903 Castake 89
607 Ablna 89 (S99)Sly 106
SW3 Mor.taJlade 105; ... Wenoma 97
SELECTIONS FOH TO-DAY.
First Race— Dlggs, Howard. Mocorlto.
Second Race— Simi, Malay, Also Ran 11.
Third Race— Floronso, Jim Brownell, Good
Friend.
Fourth Race— B. * W. stable. Sevens.
Fifth Race— B. & W. stable. Linstock.
Sixth Race— Don Clarenclo. Sir Dilke, Sweet
Faverdale.
Seventh Race-Miss Rowena, Sly. Pelxotto.
A CONSUL IS
CAUGHT BY CUPID
A. K. Coney Will To-Night
Wed Miss Margaret
Falvey.
Consul-General A. K. Coney of Mexico
to this city will be married this evening
to Miss Margaret G. Falvey, the daugh
ter of Mrs. Mary Falvey of New Bruns
wick. The ceremony, which will be
strictly private, owing to the ill-health
of Consul Coney's mother, will be per
formed by Rev. Father William P. Kirby,
at the home of the groom. The happy
couple will leave on Monday for Los An
geles, and will spend their honeymoon In
the southern part of the State, whir*
they will remain two weeks.
The wedding is the culmination of a
little romance. Miss Falvey having come
to this coast merely on a visit to the Con
sul's mother. Owing to Mrs. Coney's ill
ness, the visit lengthened and Mr. Coney
was so charmed by the tender solicitude
evinced by the fair visitor for her sick
hostess that before he vva« aware he was
caught irretrievably in Cupid's meshes.
His many friends here will be eager to
extend wannest congratulations to him
self and bride.
Accused Prisoners Acquitted.
Emll Hollerway and Edward Klrby,
boys who were accused of breaking Into
an oyster stand at 29 Third street, were
acquitted yesterday by a Jury In Judge
Cook's court.
Bruno Meyer, who was accused of
having stolen a watch and chain from
Edward A. Muller on January 30 last,
was acquitted yesterday in Judge Bor
den's court.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 1(5, 1898.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business In mining stocks was dull yesterday
and prices shaded off all around.
The Utah and Gould and Curry assessments ,
fall delinquent in board to-day.
A quarterly dividend of $1 50 per share was :
yesterday paid by the California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company.
The Anaconda Copper Mining Company of '
Montana has declared a dividend of $1 25 per '
share, amounting to $150,000. payable May 2.
The total dividends declared by this company (
to date are $5,400,000.
The Alaska-Treadwell Gold Mining Company
reported for March a total of 21.493 tons of
ore milled. The total bullion yield was $33,290,
an average of $1 55 per ton. Of the bullion >
returned a total of $22,620 came from 348 tons I
of Eulphurets (concentrates) treated by chlor- ;
Inatlon. •" ,
The annual meeting of the stockholders of |
the Geary Street. Park and Ocean Railroad
Company, which was to have been held April j
13, has been postponed for one week.
The Highland Mining Company of South Da- \
kato has declared a dividend of 20 cents per .
share, or $20,000, payable on the 19th. This is
the first dividend since October. 1897.
The New York and Honduras Rosarlo Mm- !
ing Company paid a dividend of $15,000 yester- j
day, the third of like amount paid this year. j
This makes a total of $&00,000.
The old directors and officers of the Italian-
Swiss Mutual Loan Association have been re
elected, as follows: President. P. Barbieri; j
vice-president. Dr. Joseph Pescia: treasurer, A. i
Merle: secretary, A. Sbarboro; attorney, D. i
Freidenrich, and P. C. Rossi, Charles A. Maim, j
G. B. Cevasco, D. Paronl and G. de Luca, also
directors.
The Gwin Development and Mining Company
has re-elected the old directors, with M. W.
BelFhaw as president. E. C. . Voorhees vice- i
president. J. J. Crawford secretary and F. F.
Thomas superintendent. During the year Just
closed the amount of ore worked was 48, ISO
tons, the net return on which was $168,823 79 ,
In bullion and. $39,963 35 In sulphurets, a total ;
of $207,963 H. •
The Pacific Surety Company is now. paying
a quarterly dividend of 2 per cent.
Business on the Bond Exchange was light ;
again at about the same prices.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. April 15—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Uid.Ask.
U S :'onds— MEL Co — 13%
4s <juar c0up..109%110% Oakland Gas.. 40 43 .
4s quar reg... — lOSVi Pac Gas Imp.. 82 81
4s quar new. ..120 121 I Pae L Co — 54
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. S3 84
Cal-rt Cab 55. 113 — San Fran ..... 3% — j
Cat El Us 125 — Stock Gas 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 103% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — X\k Flrem's Fund. l9o —
E L & P .127% — ' i Bank Stocks—
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 116% Anglo-Cal .... 55 62%
Gearv-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1..240 250
'1 '"& S 5%. .100 105 Cal S D&T. — 93 j
LAL Co 65.. - 100 First Nat ....195 —
Do gntd >'a.. — 100 l»n P & A... 130 — !
Market-st 126% — Mer Exchange — 15 I
Do Ist M 55..110> 4 110\ Nev Nat 8...151 155
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97 1 Savings Bank*—
NCNg Ry "8.102 — Ger S & L.. — 1700
N Ry Cal 65.. — 111% Hum S & L.1050 1160 |
N Ry Cal 55..100 Vi — Mutual Say. — 42% ,
NPC R R 6s.lfi3 — S F Say U.. — 500 i
.V PC Ry 65. .101% — S & L 50.... — 100 |
N Cal Ry 55.. — — Security S B 250 — |
Oak Gas 55...1'i0 — Union T Co. 975 — ;
Do 2d Is 53.. — 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s — 1*5% California ....107% — !
P & O 6s 110 — Geary '40 —
P&Ch R- -A. — 110 Market-st .... 51% 51% I
Powell-st 65...11« — Presidio 6 — I
Ren- "VL.&L..100 — Powder—
SaeElec Ry 55.104%105;£ California ....125 160 :
SF & N P 55.104' 4 — E Dynamite... — 90
SlerraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. — 41Vi :
SPof Ar .102 — Vlgorit 2% 2% ;
S P Cal 6l — 113 | Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — ' J fi%'Al Pac Assn.. — 97%
S r Fir 6s 110%110'i, Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat .115%116 Hana P C 0...— 15
S V Wat 45... 4 102% I H C & S Co.. 2?.% 23% j
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 43% 44 !
Water— 'Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 50 5S»i NafVln C 0... — 7
Mnrin Co ....50 -- Oceanic S Co. 46 49
Spring Valley. 99H100 Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
Gas i* Electrl< — ac Bor C 0... 99% —
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. fi% —
Morning Session.
40 Alaska Packers' Association 96 77.
10 Market-street Railway 5150
200 S F Gaslight 3 50
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 11100 :
Street—
$2000 Market Ry Con Bonds 5s 110 62%
Afternoon Session.
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 23 57%
150 do do 23 75 '
100 Hutchinson S PCo 43 75 j
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 100 23 I
INVESTMENT IOARD.
Afternoon Session.
3" S F Gas & Electric S3 75
15 do do 83 50
40 Market-street Ry Co 51 50
10 do do 52 37 -4
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 24 00
23 do do .; 23 87Vi
75 do do 23 7.1
60 Hutchinsnn S P Co 43 87V4
15 Spring Valley Water 9!t 25
100 Vlcorlt Powder : 2 7.",
$5000 Market-street 5s 110 37V4
$5000 Spring Valley Water 4s 101 62' i
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
.:•:,* Morning Session.
100 Belcher 15 30.1 Ophir 67
700 Best & Belcher. SS 1 200 Overman 07
100 Bullion 02-200 Potosi 33
200 Challenge If" 2"0 35
200Chollar 291200 Savage 15
300 2S 200 Scorpion 02
250 Con Cal & Va.. 761200 Sen Belcher 01
200 Gould & Curry.. 12 son Sierra Nevada.. 76
200 Mexican 2! 1200 Union Con 26
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 25 : 100 Ophtr 66
100 Andes 12 j 400 Potost 33
400 Belcher 15 200 Sierra Nevada 75
100 Chollar iJ i 100 73
600 Con Cal & Va.. 76 50 Union Con ..!!!' '3
400 Gould & Curry.. 12 100 Yellow Jacket 13
100 Mexican l.t
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 35 > 50 Occidental ... 290
400 36 300 Ophlr 56
500 Bullion 03 800....:. 57
200 Chollar 32 1100 Potosi ... ' 36
200 30 If 00 ■" 33
300 Con Cal & Va.. 76; 600 Savage 15
1400 77 coo Sierra Nevada.! 79
400 Crown Point ... 15 1400 73
700 Hale & Norcrs.' 70 1. ,00... """■ 77
200 74 500 ".. 76
500 Justice 16 300 Union Con ..'.!!! '6
200 Mexican 21
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 25 300Ophlr .66
300 Andes 1.1 fOO Overman .... "... 06
900 Best & Belcher. 3? 400 Potosi ' 34
&00 34 200 ..'.'..'.'.'. 35
200 Caledonia 18 1500 Savage ..... 14
200 Chollar 23 600 Sierra Nevada.. 76
?00 Con Cal & Va.. 75 150 77
500 Gould & Curry.. 11 1200..... 75
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 73 300 • 74
400 Mexican 19 500 72
500 17 600 ;. 73
200 ■■ IS 500 Utah 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, April 15 — 4 p. m.
;', : . Hid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 06 Justice 10 12
Alta 24 2.'. Kentuck 01 03
Andes 12 13 I^ady Wash ... — 03
Belcher 14 16 Mexican ....... 18 19
Benton Con ... — 30 Occidental ... 280 —
Best & Belcher 35 36 Ophlr .. . . 66 57
Bullion 02 03 Overman 06 07
Caledonia — in Potosi 35 36
Chollar 28 30 Savage 14 16
Con Cal & Va. 74 75 Keg Belcher ... 03 04
Confidence — 65 Scorpion 04
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 73 74
Crown Point .. 12 14 Silver Hill .... — 02
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate .. — 05
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 160 165
Exchequer — 05 1 Union Con .... 23 23
Gould & Curry. 11 12 Utah 04 05
Hale & Norcrs. 70 7? Yellow Jacket. 12 13
Julia — f!2l
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Annie Mulvey to Annie J. Kelly (formerly
Duncan), lot on N line of Hermann street, 81:3
E of Fillmore, E 25 by N 120; jr..
John Coop and James W. Smith to Edward
J. Lawton, lot on \V line of Belvedere street,
55:9 B of Waller. P 25 by W 100: $10.
William A. Butler to Ignatz Steinhart, lot on
NE corner of Stanyan and Beulah streets, N
25 by E 106:3: $10.
E. H. Black to Marcella T. Black, lot on SE
comer of Sixteenth street and Rondel place,
E 10 by S 115; Rift.
Kern F. and Anna R. Fevrier to Dorsolina O.
Cuneo (wife of Joseph), lot on S line of North
Point street. 87 W of Hyde, W 27 by S 137:6;
$10.
I. Newton Rosekrans to Martin J. McLaugh
lln, lot on NW line of Natoma street, 800 NE
of Seventh, NE 2." by NW 75: also lot on NW
line of Natoma street, 225 NE of Seventh, NE
25 by NW 73; also lot on SE corner of
Eighteenth and Noe streets, E V, by S 114; also
lot on NW line of Natoma street, 175 NE of
Seventh. NE 2. r , by NW 7:,: $10.
Patrick Qulnn to Catherine Qulnn, lot SW
line of Seventh street, 75 SE of Harrison, SE
25 by SW SO: Rift.
William G. Seppich to Arthur W. Sepplch. lot
on E line of Eightenth avenue, 175 S of A street
S 26 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Tillie A. Flels
chauer. lot on S line of H street, 107:6 E of
Ninth avenue. E 25 by S V 0; $10.
Syndicate Investment Company to Miss Fran
ces Van Ness, lot 8, block 2, Syndicates first
addition;' slo.
Estate of Owen Clements (by A. C. Freese
Administrator)) to F. D. Fischer, lots 14, 15, 16 ;
and 34. block 8, People's Homestead Assocla- i
tion; $140.
Rlzpah and C. H. Phillips to Kate A. Thorn
ton, lots 41. 42 and 43, block 47, Stanford Home- :
stead Tract; $10.
John R. and Lizzie Blanchard to Claus Wai- j
ler, undivided half of lot on S line of Sadowa, i
200 E of Plymouth. E 104 :SH. B 4114 deg, W '
155.3^4. N 114.8, lot 2. block E, Railroad Home- !
stead Association; $10.
Margaret Eastman (wife of J. A.) to Carrie
L. Heald and Ella V. Plttman, S half of lots
1 to 4. block 24, Lake View Plat; $10.
Ira V. and Claudia Orton to Cavarly Estate
Company, all interest acquired in 175$ d. Mi, j
made by John M. Cavarly, being all Interest In
estate of John W. Cavarly; $1820.
John R. Spring (executor of estate of Francis
S. Spring) to John H. and Charlotte B. Spring,
same property as in order confirming sale, ex
ception of twenty-fourth description, which
reads S line of Seventh avenue, 290 E from W
line ot X street, etc. and does not include out
side county property; $86,017.
Alameda County.
Homer P. Saxe to Rollln P. and Sarah R.
Saxe, lot on» S line of Lincoln avenue, at an
equal distance from E and XV boundaries of
lot 22 of B. L. Jones survey of one-acre lots,
thence S 123:6, W 73:6, N 123:6 E to beginning,
being 14 of lot 22, same, Alameda; $5.
Thomas Cribbin to William Wilson, undi
vided half Interest in lot 17, block B, Gasklll
Tract. Oakland Annex; $100.
John P. Relley to Mary S. Smith, undivided
H interest In lot on N line of Thirty-first
street. 132.75 W of Telegraph avenue. W 50
by Jx 140, being lot 44, block 2036. Rowland
Tract. Oakland; $500.
Mary S. Smith to Maria L Baldwin all
same. Oakland; $10.
John H. Kercheval to Caroline A. Kercheval.
lot on W line of Valdez street, 100 S of Elm
or Twenty-fourth. S 59:6 by W 110, Oakland;
gift.
Henry C. and Louise M. Magulre to James
W. Magulre, all Interest in lot 104, Eneinal
Park Tract. Alameda: $10.
Felix and Delflna Marcuse to Emil Kauf
m&nn Jr. and J. Luth, lot on S line of Rail
road avenue, 132 Eof Verdi street, E 34 :S by S
125, Alameda; $10.
Eusebla R. Bates (executrix of estate of C.
M. Bates) to L. H. Larsen, lot on N line of
Alameda avenue, 50 W of Willow street. N
150 by W 50, being lot I In E «. block A, lands
ad.iacent to Eneinal. Alameda: $3000.
Fritz Waltl to Oscar Lauschner, beginning
at a point 130 feet from NE corner of Page
and Second streets. N 25 by E 133. being lot
29, block 32. Tract — . Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association. Berkeley; $275.
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS,
Isador Schwartz (owner) with William Hel
bing (contractor), architect, C. R. Wilson, all
work for a three-story frame building (2 stores
and 2 flats), on SE corner of Buchanan and
McAllister street, E 30 by S SO; $7150.
HOTEL AHRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
G A Smith, Denver Mr Hedmore & w, Wis
L D Shoenberg. Denver Miss Whitney, N V
W H Eames, Neb F F Rogers. Stanford
S Jewett & w, Cal Mrs J P Martin & m.
W B Kelly & w, Pa N V
R C Kerens, St Louis C McLaln, Ohio
Miss Kerens, St Louis J A Phillips. la
A W Soper & w, N V iMrs J A Phillips, la
Miss Soper &m. N V J X Cass. Pa
Mrs J H Ciale, N V | Mrs J X Cass. Pa
Mrs A C Haynes. N V Miss M Cass. Pa
O J Wilson & w, Cm I Miss A Cass, Pa
C A Hoyt &w, N V Mrs J W Maxwell, Tex
Mis? Whitney & m, N V X X D Omsted, Wash
Miss Kornnchan. N V O H Werle, Wash
MlssM Kernochan, N V F P Weymouth, Wash
D W Wallace & w, Vlr J A Schiller, Wash
Mrs W E Griffin. NevjW T Jeter. S OIM
R W Hill, L Ang |W P Smith. S Cruz
Miss Smith, L Ang W H Lamb. S Cruz
H Uedlow. NY R W Parry, Nev
Mlsa Hayless, NY A W Brown, N V
J F Downing & w, XC T P Bardee, N V
R C Montneagle & w, \ J W Mitchell, L Ang
Pa iT R Minturn. Minturn
C J Titus & w. Sacto IT Stronc. I'hicapo
D B Ramsay & w. Wls] Mrs V Strong, Chicago
C A Loveland, Wls \C Henne. Stanford
GRAND HOTKL.
J H Hall. S Ana Mlsa B Shelore. Cal
G E Dunn A \v, Pa Dr Toaley, Willowa
F William? & w, B C O Woodware & w. N J
Mrs Scott. Merced Mrs Morgans. Angels
G T Atkins, Texas W II Smith, Chicago
L lyoatzenheser, Colo J Goldman, Merced
J Townscnd, Sacto Mrs Gallagher. Woodld
J Helbltm, Salinas IW Strong & w. <"hgo
T W .lohnsnn. Sacto J M Eddy. Stockton
W KendrlcK&w. Colo <) Cllft & w. Bakcrsfld
J Marsflrld. Redwood (" J Andrews. Red Bluff
J Littlf-flpld. Sonora iJ White & w. Wls
T W Hill. Stockton M Naurnan. Wis
T A Spitzer. S Jose .1 Wltman &w, Cal
P Allen, Oakland L Wilson ft w, Chicago
A Adamson, Stockton J Hurlrs. Modesto
V Carroll. Petaluma J Kenny. ModPSto
R Johnson, ColfaJC W Alexander. Toronto
Miss Thomiis. S Diego|Mrs Cllft. Chicago
W Burnham. S Diego F S Snhom. Chicago
E O'Neill. L Ang C Lindsey, S i'ru7.
J C H.ipper. Kennett W W Douglas, Sacto
J Touney, Sacto J A Cooper. (Jklah
A Hlnksi>n, BactO S Norton. HeaMsburg
J E Kenncy. Modesto IH Hebron, Hcaldslmrg
S Shelore. Cal [' Hammond. Healdsbg
Miss X Shelore. Cal W Parker & w. Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
O A Hale. S Joae ; W Tonner, Panama
M Rluni, Va'-aville G McLelsh & w. N V
J Smith. St. Helena -\V Davlson & w. Mich
S A remit. Stent j Mrs L H Brld~man,
C Morgan, Oakland , Mich
F H Johnson. Benlcla Miss F E Kimberly.
M (' Harris, Oakland i Wis
W 11 Wood, N V ;E W Hale. Panto
A S Gilbert. NY J It Poatwood & w. Cat
N W Tupper, Boston Iw B Hamilton, Sacto
A B C Towdell. Cal IW McLnughltn. Sacto
G 1! Floto, NY O Haiwen, Sacto
.1 H Garrett, Cal i H C Grace, N V
J C Tonner. Panama
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Pohiegel. S Mateo P ("handler, Butte
J A King, Sacto J Anderson. Los Banos
H Jones, I'kiah C Gordon, Benlcia
<• Eulp. L Angel** |H Llvergood. Mich
S Caqovtah, Forest H G Brown, Oregon
W Chalker, Puisun C Johnson, Madera
.7 Mulrov, Cal H Morton, Plxon
H Wilson, S Cruz 'P Grhaam. Fresno
J Hotmail, Sonora J Saunders, Cal
C Jackson, Cal C Clarke, Reno
R Scott. Salt Lake
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 15— Schr Co
rinthian, hence April 4.
Sailed April IS— Schr Barbara Hernster, for
Mops Landing.
U.SAL— Sailed April 15— Schr Edward Parke,
for Monterey.
EUREKA— Arrived April 15— Stmr Orizaba,
hence April 14.
ARRIVED. '■ ,
Friday, April 15.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, 10 days from
Grays Harbor. -■■---■ _^_^_ !
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night !p the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery «tre«t.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open v. "1 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
THE Evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic
Church. Mr. Davenport, will lecture in Na-
tive Sons' Hall, next Sunday night. Admis-
sion free and no collection. He will speak
of the present condition of the churches,
taking for his text the slumbering ten vir-
gins of the ■, parable, and will point to the
rich promises made to "him that overcom-
eth." There Is a church of this kind In this
city, and Its special teachings will be ex-
plained. All are welcome.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge No. 169 F. and A. M.— ft
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) -£%-
EVENING. Second degree. /Cv*\
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /NT _
PIONEERS — Members of >»-*Sdts3!!v3\fEHiv
fornla Pioneers are re-
guested to attend the '
funeral of our lato jffr*jTFa^*"*
STOUT, from the hall. -^*^ ■ US*""*
on SATURDAY, April 16. at 1 p. m. Please
wear the usual funeral badge.
' JOHN F. PINKHAM, Marshal.
SAN FRANCISCO Fire Department- /twiJ.
The regular funeral detail of this Jflftßi x
department will assemble at En- sBL-J2s»
gine-house No. 2s. at 8 a. m., THIS DAY,
lor the purpose of attending the funeral of
the late WILLIAM DERHAM. late member
of this department. By order ,
D. T. SULLIVAN. Chief of Department.
SPECIAL. NOTICES. ' . -
NOTICE is hereby given that the following
orphans, half-orphans and abandoned girls
have been received at Maria Kip Orphanage
from January 1 to April 1, 1898: Adah Lois
Madelien, age 3 years; Mary Josephine
 O'Neill, age 3 years 1 month; Ida Brown, age
9 years S months; Fannie Lowans. age 9
years; Pauline Brown, age' 6 years 10 months;
Milllcent Huntington, age 4 years. _^_
THEY are closing out S underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, - laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth at.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 995 Market, near Sixth,
room 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market st., room 29, second floor. •
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
: Post St., room 10, second floor front. . >
ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. 15& Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol. Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St.. room 2. :".>- :
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine : massage baths.
215 Kearny st., room 2. .j: \
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened $1. 343
';'.' Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth. V
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. ':
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths.-- 120% Geary st..; room 11. " ;
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 906 Market, room 25, second floor.
■ ",--. . i-ii...-., .-.. .. -.--,.; . . . ........ -.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend N0T~64 (forty
cents per share) of the HUTCHINSOX
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will "be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market st. on and after Wednesday, April
20, IS9S. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, April 14, IS9S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS A'AJI'I'EO-FKMAti.
ENGLISH waitress, best of city reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
SWEDISH girl, lately from old country, wishes
to assist housework; strong and willing, $10.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
THREE neat housework girls desire situations
in city or country, $15 to $25. Tel. black 226.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT CO., 765 Market.
CLERGYMAN'S widow wishes charge of Christ
tlan "home" or institution; temporary or
permanent; without salary; references. Ad-
dress first to "Faithful," box 3161, Call office.
GERMAN lady would like a position at general
housework and plain cooking in small fam-
ily. 11 Bernice st., bet. Twelfth and Thir-
teenth, near Harrison.
LADY of refinement wishes position as nurse,
companion or seamstress; city or country;
best of references. Address B. E., branch
office Call, 615 Larkln st.
MOTHER and daughter, age 16, wish a position
together In hotel or private family. Call at
room 77, 802 Montgomery st., cor. Jackson.
OMPETENT French woman wishes work by
the day washing and housecleaning. Address
651 A Minna st.
WOMAN would like position taking care of
invalid. MRS. WILLISON, 630 Washington.
AMERICAN widow wants situation in good
family; good plain cook; no washing; city
reference; no postals; $15 month. 245 Natoma.
STYLISH ' 4 -°ssmaker wishes work, $1 50; good
fitter; dresses made over; suits made in two
days. 36 Lexington aye., near Eighteenth st.
WANTED— Position by first-class French cook;
speaks English; good ref. 1313 Stockton at.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants work by the day;
plain washing, house cleaning. 1331 Fulton.
POSITION wanted as useful maid to lady going
to England or care of children; good traveler;
highest references. MIPS LEE, Twenty-
third aye. postofffce, East Oakland.
WANTED— By woman with little girl, general
house work, wages $ro, or hotel work; coun-
try greatly preferred. Address or call 545
California st., room 6.
WANTED— Position as governess or lady's
companion by a well educated woman; music,
French, drawing and painting. Address box
3255, Call office.
RESRECTABLE young woman, with child,
wishes position as housekeeper; fond of chil-
dren: no objection to country. Apply 21S
Eddy st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes any
kind of work by the day or week; $1 per day
and car fare. Call for 2 days at 2224 Fourth.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, goes out by the day; makes
suit in one day. Call 4fi!t Hayes st.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day to do
laundry work in private famlli.-s. 1224 Union.
DRESSMAKER desires a few engagements in
private families, or will tal^e work at her
home. First-class cutter and fitter: best ref-
erence. MRS. CHAPMAN, SOS Twenty-sev-
enth st., bet. San Pablo and West, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with a child 9 years
of age wishes position as housekeeper; no
objections to small distance in country. MRii.
COOK. 1111 Jones st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping: no objection to short distance in
country. Call or address 1104 Mission St.. r. 10.
GOOD dressmaker wants few more engage-
ments; $1 50 day; references. 112 Taylor st.
EXPERT hand massage treatment for reduc-
ing llesh: guaranteed. MRS. K. L.. box 3258.
Call office.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; Is a
good seamstress or would do mending; $1 25
per day. 618 Post st.
SITLATIO.\.4 \* A\,i:il-M\I.K.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main ISD7 BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employmt Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 180S Polk: tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
beat help. 414*, OFarrell St.; tel. Eagt 42«.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employni"' Office: choice
help; tel. Grant 5r5 r Geo. Aoki. 30 Gear- st.
MAN and wife want situations to take care
of gentleman' a place; woman first-class
cook; man good teamster, farmer, under-
stands vineyard and wine cellar and general
work. Address box 3207, Call office.
GERMAN man and wife desire situations In
private family ur ranch; both young and
competent: wife good cook; wages $30 for
both. Pacific Employment Co., 765 Market St.
IRISH young man. stnuigar In the city; can
do any kind of laboring work; hnndy with
horses or lunch counter; best recommenda-
tion. Box 3292, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Chinaman, with good refer-
ences, desires work at washing und ironing
or as a cook; separately. Address S. N., box
3295, Call office
WANTED — By experienced man, employment
1 or 2 days ji week collecting rents; will fur-
nish regular reference. Address box 3253, Call.
PLACE wanted to care for private place for
board and lodging by a young man while at-
tending school. Box 3197, Call office.
CHINESE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation; city; country; good references.
Call at 615 Vi Dupont st.
FARM and vineyard foreman, married man,
wishes position; best of references. Address
box 3295, Call office.
JAPANESE wants a position as cook: will do
housework; city or country. F. NAKA, 423
Stevenson st.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern man wants any kind
light work; tend bar or family liquor store;
can get up a bar lunch; watchman or porter
about a store, or any kind light work where
a reliable man would prove useful; small
wages to start. Call or address PETER
MORROW, 435 Pine st.
YOUNG man wishes employment in sausage
factory or pork packing: good experience;
references. Address box 3250, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position in law office
or office work; best of references; wages no
object. jAddress box 3256. Call office.
FLORIST — Situation as salesman and designer
by young man; can give first-class references.
Address B. M., 1757 Howard st.
MAN and wife want situations to work in pri-
vate place: woman a Srst-claM cook and man
understands gardening and milking cows. 728
Chestnut st., Oakland.
JAPANESE first-class schoolboy wants posi-
tion to do housework and wait; has good ex-
perience. T. YAMANAKA. 410 Franklin St.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class palmer
and wood-polisher. Address Painter, box 3?72,
Call Office.
WANTED— Position as collector, cashier, etc.;
cash security if desired. Box 3174. Call office.
YOUNG man. graduate of the horse-training
school In Milan, Italy, wishes a position
training fine saddle and buggy horses for pri-
vate use. Addross box 3259, Call office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Hnrris 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG Irishman of steady habits wants posi-
tion of any kind; good milker and can take
care of horses. 1208 William at.
SITUATION want' by a steady and sober
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows; references;
city or country; moderate wages. Box 3263,
Call office.
MAN and wife want situations to take care of
house; city or country. Box 314>!. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night: $150 to $8
week; convenient —nd respectable; fre« 'bus
and raggace to and from fer y.
ELEVENTH, me— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FEMALE LKLI' WANTED.
NURSE, infant, $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
YOUNG colored girl, wait on a colored lady,
$12. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COLORED maid, $30: colored girl, housework,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
MIDDLE-AGED American housekeeper, $10.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, country; good home.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl. 2 in family, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FRENCH nurse, child 5 years. $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse. $20. grown children. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, care of child 5 years, $15.
MISS CULLEN. 225 Sutter st.
FRENCH maid and travel, $25; German maid,
$30: S housework girls, city and country. $20
and $25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT woman to assist with children
and do some cleaning, institution, city, $15;
experienced dishwasher, institution, $2<i;
chambermaid and waitress, same country
hotel, $20: women for ranches, $15. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A LARGE number of girls for all kinds of
frork In city and country, too numerous to
»dvertlse. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
THREE waitresses (Santa Cruz), $20: waitress.
Reno, $20 (fare paid); 2 waitresses (country
hotels), $20; restaurant waitress (country),
$25 (call early); waitress, $20: chambermaid
and wait, $20: 2 cooks (small hotels) $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PASTRY cook (first-class hotel) $35, call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOTEL laundress, $25 (see party here). C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSE. 3 children. S2O (call early); German
girl, Alameda. $2u; San Ix>renzo, $20; assist-
ant nurse (institution), $15; 2 girls, institu-
tion work. $15 to $17 50; 10 housegirls, $18 to
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED woman for cleaning and
pressing clothes in a dye house, $10 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOUSE girl. Belvedere. $25, see party here. !
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st j
HOUSE girl. Alameda, $25; German second
jjJrl. country. $20. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter.
SECOND girl, $20; nurse girl. $20; house girl, j
no cooking, $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter. i
HOUSEKEEPER, $15: chambermaid, $15: wait-
ress. $15. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st
BOARDING-HOUSE cook, $25; house girl, two
in family, $25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St. '
3 GERMAN cooks, $35, $30, $25. MRS. NOR-
TON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN house girl, 2 In family, $20, no wash-
ing. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter St.
UNEMPLOYED female members, of Clerks'
Exchange, domestic department, please ad-
dress B. E. 8., box 3165. Call office.
A— Business positions for 2 enterprising busi-
ness ladies; $10 weekly each. 313 Bush st.
LADY accountant and office matron; $10 to
$15 weekly; permanent. 313 B ish st.
YOUNG lady cashier and correspondent; select
and refined business. 313 Bush st.
SALESLADY, sodawater counter; 3 salesla-
dies, millinery; office clerk. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Competent girl for children and as- i
slst with light upstairs work. German pre-
ferred; wages $15; references required. 824
Grove st., near Fillmore.
GIRL to wait on table. 552 Sixth st.
GIRL, take care of children, assist housework.
Cor. Alabama and Montcalm sts.
GIRL to rare for children and assist in house-
work. 221 Dolores St., bet. 15th and 16th.
TAILORESS on coats, steady work; good
wages. 927 Market st., room 219.
WANTED— German girl for general house-
work. 1508 Ellis st.
FINISHER on pants. 102 Minna st.
WANTED— A girl to take care of 2 children
and housework. 956 Mission st.
STRONG young woman for general housework.
119 A Sixth St., Piedmont House.
WAITRESS, $25, for country. 329 Eddy st.
NEAT girl to tend baby; no washing. 1013
McAllister st.
COMPETENT German girl: must understand
cooking and housework. 317 Larkin st.
AN operator on pants; also apprentices; paid
while learning. 419 O'Farrell st.
GOOD girl for a cigar store. 25 East St.. near
Clay.
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply at 523 Market St., room
7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework;
good home. 377 Shotwell st.
WANTED— First-claps sewers. Apply at 338
Pell st. H. FRIEDLAXIiHR.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Untie Harris, 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1020 Market
St.; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking an) millinery, position!
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Poit.
LAWRENCR Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The *-
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED— Machinist for country shop; good
steady Job; $3 per day. \V. D. EWER &
CO., 626 Clay st.
WANTED— Young man IS to 20 years of age.
living with parents, to drive delivery wagon
In city for wholesale house; $6 per week to
start. W. D. EWER & CO., «20 Clay st.
WANTED— Cook for lunchhouse in country, $45
to $50; French cook, $50: baker, country hotel,
130; milker, near city, $20; waiter, country ho-
tel, fare advanced, $20; 10 coal miners, $3 to
$4 per day; farmers and others. W. D.
KW ER & CO., 626 Clay st.
BARRER to run a country' shop; can average
from $60 to $75 per month. For further par-
ticulars apply to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary Ft.
BAKER for a mining boarding house, $40, call
early; hotel pantryman, $20; third cook who
can make biscuits, $35; oysterman, $35 and
board; waiter who can *pen oysters, $7 a
week; German waiter. $30; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $25; dishwasher, summer re-
sort, $20; German dishwasher, $IS. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MAN to work around a private place, $20;
porter and runner, country hotel, $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CARRIAGE painter. $2 50 a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WASHER and starcher, country laundry, $30
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
EIGHT woodchoppers. $1 25 a cord, good tim-
ber, long Job: 10 tiemakers, 10c a tie, tools
advanced; tlmberman, $2 50 a day. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
ROUGH carpenter for a railroad camp, build-
ing cars and repairing, $1 50 a day and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st-
11 WAITERS 9 cooks
4 dishwashers 3 laundrymen
from $15. $20. $2.". $35, $45 and $60 per month
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
AVAITER, officers' mess of great mine, $25 and
found; night waiter, $25. MURRAY &
READY, 631-636 Clay st.
2 MACHINISTS for exceptional good jobs;
blacksmith's helper for a ranch, $25 and
found; 259 tiemakers, different places. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COACHMAN and gardener, private family,
country, $25 and found; 10 farm hands, $20 and
found; 10 scraper teamsters, $20 and found;
356 woodchoppers. different places. MURRAY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
WANTED— Hardware salesman, $12 week; car-
riage painter, $2 50; cyanide processor for
first-da^s mine; machinists, $3 to $4 day:
tiemakers, lie; . farmer and milker, $22 50;
boy to learn trade, %?, week, bootblack for
country, $35, and others. Apply to J. F.
CRt >SETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Waiter and oysterman, $35; restaur-
ant cook. $S week; third cook for restaurant,
$35; kitchen men and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED — Cook for restaurant. $50; cook for
mining- camp. $50; cook, small boarding-
house. $30; cook, chophouse, city, $40; waiter,
coffee-house, $35; waiter. French restaurant.
$40; potwasher for hotel, $20; dishwasher. $15-
washer, $20 to $30. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton
GERMAN gardener, country, $25 and found;
night cook, $2o; 2 ship calkers; coal miners'
$2 ro a day. R. T. WARD & CO.. 60S-610 Clay
KXI'ERIENIED stationery salesman; hotel
steward: baggage and cloak room clerk. 313
i. ash st.
MANAGER and buyer, shoe store; delivery
driver, $250 bonds; machinls 313 Bush st.
TEA traveler; office managing partner; stew-
ard: domestic goods salesman. 313 Bush st.
NOW Is the time to secure lucrative situations
with responsible houses. 313 Bush st.
$25 PER week; a reliable business associate
with small capital; permanent. 313 Bush st.
2 GOOD barbers for Saturday. 106 Montgomery
aye. : wages guaranteed.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday 623
Clay st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 9 Jack-
son st.
BARBER for Saturday. 103 Eddy st.
BARBER for Saturday. 1224 Polk Ft.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 108
Taylor st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
15 Taylor st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 631 Wash-
ington st.
BARBER for Saturday evening and Sunday.
229 Hayes st.
WANTED-Good barbers for State; S-chair
shop for sale. 207 Fourth at.
GKNTS' furnishing man at M'BIN'S. 1016
Market st. Call SUNDAY, from 3 to 5 p. m.
WANTED— Man for steady situation; must
have $150. Box 3303, Call office.
EXPERT oil well driller for standard rig; $5
per day. Address box 3294. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS boy 13 to 17 years old. Call 8 to
12 a. m., 308 Geary st.
WANTED— A good second cook at Berlin res-
taurant. 249 Fourth st.
WAITER wanted. 626 Sacramento st.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted. 228 No# st.
HELP WAV- «SD— Continued.
W -\NTEP— First-class restaurant waiter. Bay
State. 13-15 Stockton St.
GOOD waiter wanted_at_29 Fourth st.
GARDENER can find work hy Njlrit* at
Pacific Nursery, corner Baker and Lombard.
RECRUITS wanted for th« Unite! States
marine corr". United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 anJ 30 years, who are citizens of the
Unit.nl States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English end be be-
tween > feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis st., San Francisco. Cal.
COAT, vert and trouser makers wanted; good
biishelman also wanted. Apply at_lla t_ 11 a. m at
Stevenson-st. entrance to LHAKLLi IC-
ONS'. 72! Market ft. _^_____-
WANTED— Man t- take charge of 2 Gordon
and pony cylinder presn: give referea.-e aud
wages expected. Box 3274, Call.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: IoJ large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st. ______
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 102 7th; tel. South 628.
BARBERS' Assn Free Employm't Office. 9.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant J3B.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen at LANE'S. 304
Davis st.. near Jackson; also men for whaling
and Alaska; no experience required.
TAILORS wanted; good coat makers and gen-
eral tailors for the country. Apply to STEIN,
SIMON & CO.. corner Second and Market sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. Herman's. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — An p-^riencPd city salesman.
BROWNSTONE WINE CO., 331 Ellis Bt
MEN. to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S.
F. Rarber College. 13SH Eighth St.
WANTED — Traveler for gents furnishing
aroods as side line. Box 3141. Call.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; lo*v interest. Undo Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ,
630 Market st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 2oc per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night; ••cading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
r.ight; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c nisht; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price: half-soling, ffic. 959 Howard st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads tak^n.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Murat Halstead's Great
War Book, "Our Country in War" and ouf
relations with foreign nations. All about our
army, navy, coast defenses, the Maine dis-
aster. Spain, her army, navy and defenses.
All about Cuba, her relations to the United
States and her defenses. All about the ar-
mies and navies of all other nations, and
how they will act in our fltcht with Spain.
Over 500 pages. Magnificent illustrations,
photograps. etc. One an p tit sold SO In one
ilay; others are making T2 to J39 per day.
Most liberal terms guaranteed. 21 days' cred-
it. ]. rice low, freight paid. Handsome out-
fit free. Send 12 2-cpnt stamps to pay post-
age. National Educatkmal Union. 324 Dear-
born St.. Chicnro.
FIRMTIHE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to ftl! new building. 840 Mis-
sion tt.: tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Midi-
lenmery Kt. .«hl»;he«t prices paid. TVI. T">avt« Tt.
ROC iS WANTED.
WANTED — By quiet tenant, two unfurnished
or partly furnished rooms, connectc-i for
light housekeeping; convenient to business.
Address, stating location and price, box 3^3,
Call office.
ROOMS AND iiOAKD WASTED.
WANTED— In strictly private family, room
and board for a young lady; state price. Ad-
dress J., "1143 Mission st.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — Two energetic, hustling traveling
salesmen; references required. Address box
3301. Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PA WNBROKER— OId gold. silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Adi COT.KMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 189S; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc.;
day and evening sessions; ref.. Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford proiessor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by profes-
sional; terms very reasonable. Address box
r,252. ('all office.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3841
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey. assay, archit.; day & eve.;
eet. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. P33 Market.
WEBSTER, iioru— Piano teacher; studied la
Paris; terms reasonable: best references.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate; French.
Spanish: new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
MUSICAL. lISSTRUjIEXTS.
AS we are selling pood upright pianos for 18
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are th<»
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some pood pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
pts., San Francisco, and T. irteenth an^
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest housa
west of Chicago is KOHLKR & CHASE 1 9.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM NEW N't'SlBRR.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices ran not be equaled in Sun Francisco.
BOOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
A STFINWAY piano for $100: a Chickering for
$'i - examine list of bar.eains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron Mauny. Newby, Evans.
Br!gS3 and -:ther pianos; see our rent pian;
no interest first year. 30?. 310. 312 Post St.
HORNTTNG'S now rrnle pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 2I« McAllister st.
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC < »., 7M Market st
|75— BARGAIN; good Fisher piano. SCHMITzi
16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank.
SMALLEST :id.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEIXE, 136 Ellis st.
' GEN'CY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styled.
KOHLER * CHASr:. ?.n O-Farrell st.
PTTKKIOR vlrlius. zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CARPE'- CLEAMXG.
CITY Steam Carpet eanlng Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpet-. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
l_ealing Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J.
McQUEEN, 453 btCVOOWMI Bt.; tel. S. 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter^
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks. 413 MeAUfster; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st.: teL Jessie 044.
GREAT Eastern .cam Carpet - Cleaning
_\Vorks. 14 Slh st. a GRANT, tel. Jessie 20L
J. E. MITCHELL Capet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Goldea
I Gate aye.; tel. East 126.BOwilfßSJ CHANCES.
$135— PAYING cigar, stationery, notions. 5 liv-
ing rooms; best part Of Mission: invoice value
J135; no sale If not as represented. M. LESS,
Market st.
$160— CIGAR-STORE, north Market: living
:■.: ■. s; rrr.t only s:;r.; present owner there 17
years: satisfactory reasons for gale; bargain.
M. LESS, 78S Market St.
$1000— will secure best paying saloon of Its
kind across the bay; full value in sight; posi-
tively nothing better In market: look far or
ii'-ar, this stands unequaled. ■ M. LESS, 76G
Market St.
STORE to let, suitable for any business; rent
$20; central; north Market. M. LESS 7bj Max-
k.-i si.
EXPRESSING and transfer business In 4
cities: good horses, wagons, etc.; established
many yours; doing an excellent, steady basl-
i.'.-s. baa liaulins for large wholesale houses;
offered at a low figure, as owner is engaged
in other business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$400— SALOON with 18 well furnished rooms,
near the ferry; old established: good busi-
. si Mini; on account of sickness; cheap
rent; easily worth double the price asked. M.
I.KSS. 766 Market st.
$100— STATIONERY, newi stand, restaurant,
etc.; living rooms; rVnt $6; biggest transfer
point of city; must sell; given away. M.
LESS, 7^5 Market st.
$650— CORNER sal. ■■•:•. established and kept by
owner IS years; one block from Chronicle
building; rent i eat bargain. Bee
WILKE. 7s;; Market st.
.ni confectionery, connected
wuli hotel SO rooms, dining-room, etc., in
llvel} i ountry town about BO miles from city;
3 wagons, G horses, ! cows; rent J7O; lease;
t:rst • lass, paying business; buildings and
furnmii" new; Bickness compels sale. Parti-
culars of WILKE, 7sa Market st.
13200— Till: best fitted up, and guaranteed to
: per month, saloon close to Claus
kels building; first-class custom; no bet-
tor business offer in the market; investigate
at onc-e; this is a chance of a lifetime.
WILKE. 7>li Market st.
| RNER saloon in wholesale district; I
kept 1.. present owner for years and doin* ]
a good paying business; rare chance; fullest
itigation gt" - WILKE, 753 Market st.
5 > "UP-ESTABLISHED s: in. close to
bankni and leading hotels; average dally re-
c.;pts $22; rent $no, lease; no night work;
actual value $2000; owner to retire and going
on his ranch. Call WiLKE. 783 Market St.
BAKER, ATTENTION-.
Bakery in Western Addition; price $900; 4 liv-
ir.c rooms; old established; n first-class bar-
gain. WILKE, 753 Market st.
A . ir stand; best corner Oakland; fine
Stock; dears $100. KREDO fc CO., 25% Geary.
ii MEAT market; daily receipts $75; a 'snap
if taken at once. KREDO & 00.
A J : saloon; side entrance; Market st.: best
bar in city. KREDO «v CO., ::'•_• <".-ary st.
■; florist and seed business; best town
city; clears $100. KREDO & CO., 22 1 .-,
Geary st.
; ■ ERY, French llq north
M.<rk. i . departure for Europe cause of sale.
M LAUGHLXN >v CO.. U Kearny st.
$1000— CORNER grocery, with bar attached;
large trade; horses, wagons Included; trial 1
. given. McLAUGHLIX & CO., 23 Kearny st.
CORNER saloon, Dear Market St.; dis-
agreement of partners cause of sale. . Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
sjton — ; horses. 2 carts- a good trade.
$200 — A grocery store; low rent; butcher.
$3W) — A irult an.l produce store; money back.
$450 — A restaurant and oyster house; bargain.
jinO— A saloon; transfer corner; a snap.
$Sr.O— A lodging house: profits $100.
PACIFIC EXCHANGE 995 Market st.
$600— STATIONERY and cigar store; splendid
location; north of Market; a bargain. Pacific
Exchange, 995 Market st.
A— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one 01 the best business corner*.
$200— Partner wanted in commission Busi-
ness.
$4*>0 — Saloon; old-established, good location, I
and other bargains in saloons, bakiri-!S and i
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 7*7 Market. j
$390— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished IS years; $25 to $30 a week each; can I
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most \
prominent linns in the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. a Geary st.,
room 2.
DELICACIES and bakery, worth »1000 for. $175
Dry goods, stationery, bakery; cheap
Cigar stand, near Baldwin Hotel 4&»
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$2000— A PROTESTANT gentleman as partner!
wanted in an established legitimate business,
by reason of enlarging the same: experience
not necessary. Box 3304, Call office.
A — rOAL, wood, hay and grain business for
sale i<n account of owner's departure from |
city; price reasonable. Address box 3296,. '.ii;.
FAMILY liquor store far sale, in a good loca-
tion; must be sold on account or sickness;
low rent. Inquire at 2:.5 Third st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Hegist'd Pat.
Agents; established 1862. 319 Pine st., city.
l' c 'l: sale — Fine restaurant; near transfer line;
cheap. Inquire at 763 Market st.. basement.
NOTION, stationery and cigar store for sale
; . $.'i". 156 Eleventh st.
BRANCH BAKEKY and notions, milk, butter,
etc. 1145 Folsom st, $45.
ling interest in cigar store
. « : • ■ •
$650— BUY restaurant and chop-house; best lo-
ciiti. n. Call at is East st.
\Kn:V for sale; store trade $10 to $12
outside route; bakes 2-- barrels
•lay; a g<..»l bargain; no opposition; owner
Box 3281, Call office.
FIRS -■ eery, doing large cash busi-
No.l i". atit.n: no bar; i;*>."l reasons for
'. ELLMAN, PBCK A CO.
WANTED Two men to complete Alaskan
par- required. 152S Eighth aye.,
KaM Oakland.
■ \T; riiust be Bold for less than
value "f fixtures. Inquire at ."76 Howard st.
ESTABLISHED < ■ rr>>r grocery and bar, with
Apply Hlbernia BfTtwery.
' 'RE ranch for sale; house, barn, etc.
■ PRi >NG, :::::. Fourth st.
milk, butler, eggs and
BARRETT, 112S Market st.
raying restaurant. 621-623 Montgomery.
ntrol "f business which will
address box 8291, v'all.
A RARE OPPORTUNITY.
■A.s r Library. Seventh and Market
sts., for sale. This library Is now offered for
sale by the board of trustees; it contains a
choir Uon of all kinds of literary and
scientific works. The library is now open for
the sale and Inspection of books from 9 a. m.
until 'j p. m.
RKLIAKLE business man connected with larg-
est bouaa on Market st., offers for sale Inter-
est In his "system for playing the races"; in
BUCC<—ful use every day; immense returns;
Email capital; referent's given and required-
pries IHM Box MSB, Call office.
M"\l<-' ■
LANDS in tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc ; large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico.
ASKHHI saloon is now tor sale; thirteen years
:. proprietor going north; fin
tni;e 4 rooms; hot an'l MM water; ground
ie 3 years and 6 months; come and »ec for
yourself; 17th and I-'olsum. WM. FOLEY.
FOR Sale— At leM than Invoice; cigar and va-
riety store; 3 nice rooms; low rent. 627 Sec-
> nd it . opp, Kouth Park.
OINTBD restaurant In San Jose;
fine location; must be sold. Address S., care
• of Call agency, San Jose.
HALF or whole interest in butcher shop; do-
ing p<» ,] ,;...), business; centrally located:
well Quad up. D., box 2, Call Office. Oakland
FOR PALE— A good paying downtown saloon;
lon :i;.tin. Bos 2l'7><. Call 'Jfrlce.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry ; low interest. T"n< !•■ Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ENGINEEB wants v. l.uy working Interest in
steam laundry. Address box iUM.'. Call office.
FOR sale— Bakery and notions; living rooms;
i.'-xt to school, ST.'. Sanchez st.
<'HKA)' nnlrwa near the water front. Apply
X. LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay st.
SALOON for s-ale account of sickness; call and
see owner. 228 Brannan.
FOR sale at a bargain— The "Orflce Saloon,"
comer City Hall avenue and City Hall
square. Inquire at saloon. CHAS, FOWLKIt.
SHOEMAKER'S shop; must sell account of
sickness. Apply.s32 Valencia st., in bakery.
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
Lbllaned stand; rent reasonable. 2622 Mls-
M.'M Si
C<~""FFE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO.'P. 41f, Sacramento St.'
F')R Fale— lcecream, candy and notion store.
Sixth ft. ; no agent".
STORAGE.
AT lnw rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments:
advanoM made J. NOONan, ion to 1021
Mission st.. ab ye Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
I'lEßf K -ltrnoLi'ii Storage & Moving Co.;
offlne, Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
TOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth et., open evenings.
PERSONALS. _
CHARLEY. W. WILDS— Your mother Is very
111: do come home. A. N. P.. Stockton, Cal.
BUSINESS' PERSONALS.
MASSAGE the head for a few minutes before
retiring; have your hair dressed here for 25c;
good switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50;
extra heavy, long, $0; open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
WANTED— IOO persons to try the painless re-
moval of corns and bunions without the knife.
Call at room 584. Parrott building.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; of flee 10. 118 Grant
avenue. . •
DR. MAUDE IXMAN, electric and medicated
vapor baths. j 1055 Market, op. Jones, rs. 1 & 2.
USE Lederer's Quinonla as a daily wash for
the hair. G. LEDERER. 11 Stockton st.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d st., Oakland. Cal._
ELECTRIC light* in every room: Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 pc- night; $150 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. ALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay at.. S. F^_
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale .figures. 20 Sansome st.
6"UIT to order on easy. Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market ft.. bet 7th nni' "th.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. S6.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market st. -
CLAIRVOYANTS.
I MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance |
i clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she j
I will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate. recovers lost.
Stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
1 anteed by mall. Send 6tamp for circular with :
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, room*
25 and 26. 1206 Market st, opp. Sixth.
MRS EMILY MOORE. 533 Howard St.— The
wonderful trance medium can be consulted |
on all the affairs of life; can read your j
thoughts; tell Just what you want to know;
removes evil Influence; locates buried treas-
ures; if in bad luck she will change it for
you: letters promptly answered; enclose
stamp. Hours.- 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading: ladles 50c.
gents sl; palm, and clalrv.: sit. $1 50. 126 Turk. ;
. MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader: 25c up; charms given. 73 Fourth st.
i MISS ANNA SOHULTZ— Palmistry and card-
I reading. 203 O'Farrell. room 10. _
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
miss PEARL HARRISON, card reader and-
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120Vt Geary st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 25c; G-, 50c; no sign. 3 7th. I
MMX. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 2."> c up, 6 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never falls: advice: ->glp. 8» Post.
M'lli: . I \! !>>■.
LADIES' Aid social this evening. Occidental
Hall. 305 Larkin st. (take elevator); good pro-
gramme; dancing, 10c. -
i MRS. MAXWELL COLBY, 122»i Oak st. circle
this evening; sittings dally. -.■ ■ ; ' ■
j MRS. ELLIS, medium. 1 233 Valencia st.; read-
' Ings $1; cir. Tues., Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8; 2."c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium..
232 Stockton st.: old No. 218.
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant for usiness and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy st., room 3.
! MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth st., room 14.
M. FRANCES. Independent elate-wrltlng me-
dhim. lIS Halght st.
'^ m ~ —^ — —^^—
HYPNOTISM-
I S. F. College of Suggestive Therapeutics, 247
Larkin st. ; physicians, dentists: special in-
ducements, this week. L. F. TURMAN. Sec.
CAL. Institute. *02% Geary: hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, pi. bers and
r. od men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $150
of their fare, via St. Miena»l. . Apply The
Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing: heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockynrds. Tenth nnd Rryant sts.
LOJDGIIkv. HOUSES for sale.
W?NST : O>rX^Co7n?46 MARKET ST.
RELIABLE BROKERS.
14 rooms, Sutter st. offices, payments. 4"0
20 rooms, corner, new, part cash 120*)
25 rooms, rent $75, new, part cash 800 I
24 rooms, rent $60, corner, offices 1200
56 rooms, worth $4000. must go at 1500
25 rooms, rent $55. fine place, only 430
33 rooms, rent $100, part cash 1000
34 rooms, corner, rent $125, make offer
■must go
67 rooms, rent $220, elegant place 3000
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22 £
Geary Bt. - - - •
80 rooms; rent $76; clears $150 $1200
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient 2000
17 rooms; first floor pays rent — . — toO
16 rooms: Market; central; all full 700
10 rooms: T. firkin: corner: snap 178
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 325
7 rooms; Market: offices pay rent........ 2uo
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— s3oo; 9 rooms; transient: clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 2214 Geary.
$1000— BOARD and lodging house In AlameiU.
doing good paying business: this is a healthy
location and well patronized: - satisfactory
reason for selling. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny st. " ' . '■ -; - i
$000— BEST 14-room transient house in city;
clears $175 month. Address box 303. Call.
LODGING house of . 16 rooms, well furnished
and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st. • . '
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. . Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
MIST be sold immediately; 27-room good room-
Ing-house; bargain. Inquire at 112 Taylor st.
FOR Sale— 22 rooms, well furnished: steady
roomers; rent reasonable. 110 Hyde st. ■ .
HOUSE!.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness;' Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
I ket,' 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses; must
sell. At Emporium, 220 Valencia st.
JUST arrived— GO horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st. : aurtion every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top imd opeD
buccy; also 1 hack. R2S Harrison St.
FLRMTLRE FOU~BaLe^
FURNITURE and carpets for sale. Ar>Dly~at
1421 Clay St.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years-
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50- all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YOKK 'lentists-Painle 8S extraction, 50c :
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings, $1 up-
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repairtd, $i
up; our crown and bridge work ie the best-
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays. » to L
969 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market Bt.. nr. Uth-
no charge for extracting when plates ar*
made; old plßt*s made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; c: trading 50c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors; full sot
of teeth, $j up: fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Kl9 Market, Ara<lemy~iof
Sciences bldg., 6th floor; painless dentistry.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE?
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 103-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET of te«th without a plate. DR. H. C.
TOUNG, IMI Polk «t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake; prices and terms will sur-
prise you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 62S Mar-
ket st.
LAGUNA, 1715— House or 8 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest improvements; $30.
SUJINY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderick st., near McAllister.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3932— House, 7 rms., bath;
carpeted: fine view; lawn, flowers; low rent.
7 ROOMS, basement, yard; modern; reasonable;
good tenant. 2405 California st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms, complete for house-
keeping. 1023 O'Farrell St., nr. Van Ness aye.
FURNISHED bay-window cottage, 4 rooms
and bath; sunny; no children. 317 Sanchez at.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer: 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises,
635 Guerrero St.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517— A handsome middle flat;
every convenience; piano: garden.
BUTTER, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please lnvestl-
gate; or furniture for gale cheap: optional.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELEGANTLY furnished cottage, 6 rooms, bath;
centrally located; $50. Box 3302, Call office.
$15— COTTAGE fi rooms and bath; large yard.
Apply EAPTON & ELDRIDGE.
$11— BAY-WINDOW cottage, nearly new, 4
rooms; water free. 11l Collins st.. near Geary.
$ S; cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 134x114. 11S8
Noe st. J
$7 -SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. fi4 Silver st, off Third.
FLATS TO LET.
CAPP, 883, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny, modern
! 5-room Hat; warm belt.
FLAT, 375 Shntwell st.— Sunny flat, 5 rooms and
bath, with stable; rent reasonable.
' FLAT to let— 4 rooms and bath; 331 Linden
aye. Key at U0 Fell st.
Xi:\V modern sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; 18
Seymour aye., bet. Scott and Devisaderc sts.,
off Golden Gate aye. ; $27.
NINETEENTH. 3984, near Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 599 Noe, corner Nine-
teenth, lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, -half block from Market, upper
5 rooms, modern, $15, water free.
PINE, 1225. near Hyde— A sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath; rent $20.
POST, 1304, near Van Ness aye. — Flat. 5 rooms
and bath; sunny; fine location; rent reason-
able.
RARELY beautiful: northwest cor. Sutter and
Scott sts.; 6 big rooms; $2a» Key 2300 Sutter.
KING up 'Phone Brown 323 if you vlsh to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SEE that corner flat. Leavrnworth and Jack-
son sts. : 7 rooms, bath, etc; newly tinted
and painted; also upper flat, V2V-> Jackson st. :
lowest rent in city. MADISON A BURKE.
TO' Let —s rooms and bath; water free. 113 SuU
livan st., near Stanyan.
UPPER flat of 3 rooms. 322 Twelfth st.
WANTED— Good tenant for elegant upper flat;
6 rooms, bath, etc. 1206 Vi Turk et.
$12— NICE sunny flat. 28A Cedar aye., bet.
Larkin and Polk sts.
4 AND 6 r.ioni Cats on Twelfth st. and Olen
Park aye., $13. $14, $15. $18 and $23 50. DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
$20 — 2 NEW, modern sunny flats, 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, «tc. 1706 Hyde st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
JESSIE, 641. near Seventh— Nicely furnished
upper flat; 3 rooms, bath; very reasonable.
MISSION, 2706 A —Elegantly furnished sunny,
new flat: 6 rooms and bath; references.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
BUSH, 717 — Sunny room: furnished; light
housekeeping or for 2 gentlemen; $10 month.
BUSH. 1527 — Uedroom, connecting front room;
light housekeeping; suitable dressmaker; ref-
erences; $R.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; upper; $10.
FIFTH. 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
PIFTH,B36— 3 tarnished, $13; I parlors, kitchen,
bath, for housekeeping. $22: also sirfgle, $5.
FOLSOM. 646— Large front bay-window room;
housekeeping; every convenience.
FOLSOM, 284S — 3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms: gas stove; cheap; without children.
CJOLDKX OATE. 620- Parlor floor, 3 sunny
rooms, complete fcr housekeeping.
GROVE. 101— Front bay-window room for light
housekeeping: private family.
GROVE. 354. S blocks from City Hall— 3 con-
necting Moms, furnished for housekeeping;
2 double beds, gas and bath; private resi-
dence; $16.
GUERRERO, 215—4 or 5 beautifully furnished
sunny rooms complete for housekeeping. Ap-
ply 10 to 4.
HOWARD, 504—2. 3 or four connecting Bunny
housekeeping rooms; complete; gas; bath;
reasonable.
HOWARD, 511— Two or three sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HYDE, nil — I^arge sunny front room; furnished
for housekeeping; running water; closet.
J: SIF.-373, near Fifth and Market— House-
keeping; $8; single, $5.
JUNIPER, i>— 3 unfurnished front sunny rooms
and bath.
LARKIN. 326 — 3 elegant sunny housekeeping
apartments; exclusive kitchen; central; bath.
MINNA. 725 — 3 nice rooms in front; big yard;
rent $8.
MISSION, 10453— 2 connecting rooms; complete
for housekeeping; running water; gas.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
N ATOM A, «>« F!nt of ?, nice connecting
rooms; everything complete for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
OAK. 11^—2 nicely furnished rooms for heavy
housekeeping; very cheap.
OCTAVIA. 14<i3, corT Geary— Bay-window, with
mantel, kitchen, gas stove: $13.
(SACRAMENTO, 3327—3 rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
SHOTWELL, 625— Two or three sunny furnish-
ed rooms for light housekeeping: bath; piano.
SOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping, $10 a month.
6UTTER, 2620— Sunny unfurnished parlors, kit-
chen, laundry, use of bath, yard, cellar.
THIRD, 30!t— Large front suite complete, $12;
other suites. $10; single, $5.
THIRD. 304— Furnished. $2 per week up; sin-
gle rooms, $1 25 up: brick building.
TURK. 411 A —3 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; kitchen; complete; rent reasonable.
TURK, 543—2 sunny rooms; complete for house-
keeping: tras and bath; $15.
TWELFTH, 145 — 2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
VAN NESS. 1021— Sunny front suite: 3 rooms
and kitchen; gas; range: all complete.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OAKLAND HOUSEKKEPINO TtOOMS.
EIGHTEENTH. 528. between Telegraph and
San Pablo ayes. renovated housekeep-
ing suite; sunny; also single.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; also
double; close to station. 821 Market st.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 2Se; phone, Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
tunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
AT 242 Stockton sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
BUSH, 718 C —Single room; running water; bath;
convenient; gentleman only; private family.
BUSH, 726— Nicely furnished rooms for gentle-
men at $7 and $8 per month; private; ref.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant single rooms, bath,' run-
ning water; grounds; references.
DELAWARE. 11M Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo.: nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 50.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1; week. $2 to $8; families.
EDDY, 614— Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath; $6 to $10.
EDINBURGH, 239~P0wel I— New house" ~~new
furniture; elegant rooms, suites and single.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $S week.
ERIE, 115 — 4 sunny unfurnished rooms, $9.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM. 866— Sunny bay-window furnished
room for 2; gas, bath, use of stove.
FULTON, 3— Nice sunny rooms to let, day,
week or month.
FULTON, 118— Sunny furnished single rooms;
also rooms, unfurnished, for housekeeping.
GEARY, 667— Large, desirable front room, fur-
nished; references.
GEARY, 518— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
suites and single; light housekeeping.
GEARY\ 622— Nice, large sunny bay-window
room; also single room; quiet and reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 79* Mission : select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 524— Nice large front sunny alcove
room; suitable for 2 gentlemen; $10 month.
HOWARD, 762— Large front room; furnished
or unfurnished; also single; cheap.
HOWARD, 715. ST. DAVID'S — 800 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
IVY AYE, SIS— To let. 2 sunny furnished
rooms for gentlemen.
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; pri-
vate; $14^ ,
KEARNY, 23— Rooms; newly renovated; 25c to
SI per day. .
LEAVENWORTH. 109— Sunny front room suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
MARKET. 1055. ojip. Jones— Large sunny front
room, furnished or unfurnished; also office.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6: baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
McALLISTER. 122s— Parlor suite in modern
flat, with board; for 2, $10 a week; single, $5.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NATOMA, 252. near Fourth— 3 connecting
rooms, unfurnished, $7 per month.
NATOMA, 514 A, near Sixth— Sunny front room
cheap.
O'FARRELL, 210 A —Bunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $3 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 406 Vfe— Nice lnrge ror m ; furnished
fur 2; use bath; $10; private family; upper Hat.
POLK, 607— Furnished front room, large, sunny;
and large front liall room, sunny, with large
closet; reasonable; also housekeeping.
POST. 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
class in every respect.
SEVENTH. 142 (Girard House)— Sunny suites
and single rooms at lowest rates.
SHERMAN Apartment House. lIS Eighth «t..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 136— Sunny front bay-window room;
bath and gas; other rooms, $6 month up.
SUTTER. 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice arnl sunny; reasonable; investigate.
TENTH, 128— Nicely furnished large sunny
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms.
STEVENSON. 79, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
TAYLOR. 407— T0 let, two large, sunny front
rooms: furnished.
TAYLOR, I' l "— Housekeeping rooms complete;
also sunny bill bedroom.
THIRD, 113— Sunny housekeeping rooms; com-
» plete: first floor; bath; gas.
TWO large sunny rooms in Siiusalito; very
cheap. Address MRS. J. W., box 50, Sausa-
II to. Cn\
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
ELLIS. 577— Nicely furnished suite, suitable for
2 or 3. with board; also single room.
FOLSOM. fill— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $."• per week; nice location.
FULTON, 833 (The Mlzpah)— A qujpt family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GALINDO hotel, Oakland— Up to the times;
large sunny suites from $12: single rooms
from $6; board optional; handy to all trains.
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet: homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE. 408 — Double and sinele rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
McALLISTER, 1229— Parlor suite In modern
flat, with board: for 2, $10 a week: single. $5.
NICE furnished room with board for 2 persons;
running water; $36. 618 Golden Gate aye.
SOUTH PARK. lf.y— Good table board. $3 per
week: with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
BUTTER, 1128— Sunny suite: single rooms; first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
■n»df>rn: newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
BEST of care for girl under S; German family,
near San Rafael. Address box 3179. Call.
REFINED home frr child over 3 years; sunny
yard. $10 per mo. Box 3256, Call office.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's care: references. 2.11' i Sixth st.
LOST.
LOST— Lady's diamond ring\ heavy band set-
ting, in Hammersmith & Field box. Liberal
reward by call ing at 118 Slitter st.
LOST— Western Addition, white fox terrier
bitch: brown head: answers name Trlx. Re-
turn to 142G Mission st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— SSO reward: diamond ring. Return to
DR. CHRISTENSEN, Twenty-third and Mis-
sion sts.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibcrnla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of JULIE NORTON. No. 140,720. The
finder will please return to bank.
GREYHOUND, white dog, with half brindle
head. Return 1019 Market st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— Pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of FANNIE B. WHITE. No. 185,975.
The finder will lease return to bank.
CASH given for old gold and silver jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A— sloo "COLE" banjo, considered the finest
make, finished in the most elepant style; will
be slaughtered for $35. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
FOR sale cheap to close out remnant of an es-
tate— 6 fine heavy tesm horses and 3 2-horse
lumber wagons and 3 sets double work har-
ness. G. W. FISHER, First and Broadway,
Oakland.
HIGH grade full nickel ladles' Columbia bi-
cycle, good as new, cheap. 910 Pine st.
FINE river steamboat, suitable for Yukon.
240 Montgomery St., room 14.
J25 — FALCON punctureless tires; as good as
new. Apply 1183 Market st.
2 FRESH cows for sale. 115 Vlcksburg st.
GAS stove 4 feet high and square, cheap. In-
quire meat market, 576 Howard st.
6 COIN silver new forks, in box; a nice wed-
ding present, for »10. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
$.".." Upright piano: good condition; $5 down, $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO., 225 Sutter.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap. 1 large vault in Calvary Cemetery.
Box 3163, Call office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527
Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain; call at once. 654 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above sixth.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and large Iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE. Architects, 55 Flood building.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 757.
BAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. f.
ORAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, *5 per doz.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, soale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Cloy st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc.,
bought and pold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of TheTcain
subscriptions and ndg taken.
SEWIXU MAtHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. ; phone Minf4s.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$300— SACRIFICED for $100 cash on each lot; 16
level lots ready for building in the heart of
Ocean View, within 5 minutes' walk of cars;
Spring Valley water through the lots, which
run from street to street, and all lay in one
plat; fare to all parts of the city sc; lots 25x
125 each; will sell the whole plat or in sepa-
rate lots to suit. THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa
St.. Ocean View.
1000— SIXTH aye; W. side, near Fulton st;
25x120; street work done. CHAS. C. FISHER,
624 Market st.
ONE block and a half of land for sale near
Colma; suitable for milk ranch. Inquire at
608 Sixth st.
ONLY $13 50 a month will buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage; good neighborhood; 5 al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery st.
BARGAIN— Pretty 6-room bay-window cottage.
iaO9 Broderlck, near California; lot 27:6x82:6.
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris. 'Phone Brown 323.
$650 AND up will build 4-room cottages: will
call. GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder. 521 X
St., Sunset District.
FOR Sale — 7-room house, barn and lot. In-
quire 510 San Jose aye.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
$2500—40 ACRES, Santa Cruz County;. 12 acres
vines, 6 acres fruit; rine trout stream; plenty
of wood; 2-story house, 2 cottages, barn,
packing-house, etc.; farm tools.
$2500 — 80 acres in early fruit belt near Vaca-
\ille; 30 acres In hearing fruit; house, pack-
ing-house, etc. ; taken under foreclosure and
offered under half value.
$1500—90 acres; 30 under cultivation; 100 fruit
trees; 8 acres vines: house, barn, wine cellar,
ptc ; lot of personal property, including cow,
bees, implements, wine, etc. GAMAX &
LYON. 215 Kearny st.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
TEHAMA County, 80 acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
PROPERTY" 1O fcXCMA.MiI.
46 ROOMS; sunny corner ......; $150"
50-room house for ranch .........3500
17 rooms; clears $100 month; part ca5h..". ...'..'
10-room flat; sunny corner ...--225
' 22-room house: fine corner.. *C5O
"0- room house; clears $150; must 5e11.... 1200
10-room house: now ana good: Ellis st.. 650
60 rooms; rent $05: clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
75- ROOM lodging-house for ranch $4,000
50 ranches, 6 to ",000 acres, from ?100 to.. 50,000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61 8,000
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
NJJ.V house and lot ta exchange for lots. Call
329 Thirteenth ?t.
ifcONEY TO 'LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, abovs Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUOAN £■ CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the li vest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st: tel. Green 204.
OK furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up:
private party. BONNKLLI, 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commis. ; low interest Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
uate, etc. Room 7, BOS California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, eta MURPHY. 628 Market «.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
EI.EYKNTH.~IO6— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY WANTED.
$3<Wt PRIVATE loan wanted: reasonable rate
on income business property. T?ox 3263. Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. MoAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
\a years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister st.; pills, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects"; taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 r.O per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; comfort and privacy;
cure $5; pills $1; every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free and confidential. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 918 Post St., neßr Larkin.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DX. GWYER, 22C Turk St.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness— Ladies, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Schenek's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician: sale. sure, reliable cure for all Irreg-
ularities; any cause: restores strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice; home: best skill: low fees: pills. $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's Irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the Oausfl
may be; treatment by mail, or call at Or.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $5
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Keaxny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay «t. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DRS. ELY. late of Ohio. 71 Fourth st.— Ladies'
l -re cure; any, all; cure at office, $5; pills, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254 Vi Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister st. ; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Office of the Registrar of Voters,
City Hall. ,:•>• .
Sealed bids will be received by the Board of
Election ; Commissioners .in open session on
Saturday. April 16, 1898, at 10 o'clock a. m., as
follows: ':. " ' . '- "■ ■", ' ' ■ .
First— For repairing and setting up election
houses lin such, special ■ election precincts as
may be designated" by the Registrar of Voters,
and repairing and setting up within the same
the compartments.; stands and tables, and for
taking down all the election houses erected and
storing v them,- together .■ • with -compartments,
stands and tables, in the city's warehouse, near
Fourth and Hooper streets. -' .^ ■• ■
. Second— For furnishing polling.; places with
chairs, lamps and oil. ....
. Third— printing and furnishing twenty-
five thousand > (25,000) maps, ■ lithographed, for
the eighteen assembly districts. . ■
■ All work to be : done 'in - conformity sto the
specifications, * and > subject -to •» the conditions '
Imposed ; by section - No. : 3245 of the Political
Code. .•'■■"•■ ■-•■•■■.'■ ■■•'• : -- ■ ■■-' ■■■' ■.- ..:■''■ '■ : ,"' i -''
w Plans and ■ specifications • and penalties to be
imposed for any violation of the same' are now
on file at the office of the Registrar of Voters.
; ... ,»,,,. ; •...-.:., W. J. BIGGY, - .
Registrar .of * Voters. ■ City and County of San
Francisco. '■ ' ; '■*'■<' -;■■-■ . ■ -. ■■ -.
;'-,';* ,v TYiiEwai^iißs. . ■;., :..,.:..
ALL typewriters ■ sold and ' rented; few partly .
■ • used •■■■ for ■ sale - cheap; send ;. for • samples and
• prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
y ••• ,; ATTORWBYB liAW.rf ;: : .;.;
ADVICE ' free; ' . no charge v unless ' successful.
W.W. DAVIDSON. 927 i Market st. ft
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GREAT bargain; 7-room, 2-story house, with
bath; nearly new; price $2500; a"bout cost of
house alone; terms to suit; good vacant lots
taken for part. Inquire JAS. MALLOCH.
: 1015 21st St.. or C. K. King, 902 Broadway.
MUST be sold— Corner . lot. 100x150, with 5
-houses, bringing In a rental of $85 per month;,
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In whole or part; offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
Oakland HOUSES TO LET. .
houses"to £et^in~oak:land^~
Corner cottage, 5 rooms $17
Lower sunny flat, 6 rooms... 12
Upper modern fiat, 6 r00m5....... 14
2-story neat ■6-room house 18
Choice sunny 8-room house 22
10-room residence, fine 50
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WII. M.DE WOLF, 1058 Broadway.
NINE-ROOM house; five minutes' .walk, from
local train; two car lines within three blocks;
tunny corner. Mrs. Brower, 1261 Eighth aye.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
6-ROOM house;' laundry and bath; water free.
Apply 557 Sixth. St.. . near station.
OAKLAND ROOMS. '
BAY-WINDOW suite: estab. dentist's office;
also complete ' housekpg rms. 856 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FIFTEENTH. 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms.
with board; private: large yard. ■ '-'■■■
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and . household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S
Eleventh st.. Oakland. 'J__
r OAKLAND MEDIUM.
MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
cordially invites the public to call; business
readings. ' 875 Washington St., r. 3, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— house, 8 rooms and bath: lot 50
xl 50; good location; 5 minutes' walk from
station. Apply, to owner, 1612 Chapin st.
$750— Lot 50x270; : modern cottage 5 rooms, near
echoolhouse. .
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
• 6 rooms and one of 4 rooms. •
■ $1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath; near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and nign school.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO Rent — Completely furnished house. 12
rooms; choicest location; beautiful grounds.
Call for NORVEN, 1541 Central ay.. Alameda.
BERKELEY HEAL Ii>TATB,
SNAP— For sale cheap or exchange, large cor-
ner lot and 6-room house in Berkeley; bath;
high basement; brick foundation; fine gar-
den; windmill; small amount cash, balance
on easy installments; also corner lot and 2-
story house In West Oakland on the above
terms. Call on ISAACS. 409 O'Farrell. S. F.
HOME, 5 minutes' walk from beautiful North
Berkeley station: 4-room house, bath: splen-
did, well water all year; barn; lot 40x134; fine
marine view; at one-half original cost; $250
down, balance easy installments; low intej-
est; show house to-day. Inquire S. TAYLOR,
Berkeley station.
$2700— FINE house of 8 rooms: lot 40 x 160:
street work all done: splendid view. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$1250— A VERY big bargain; house of 6 rooms
and bath, etc.: lot 40x130: Improvements cost
$1200. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate,
' Berkeley station.
LARKSPUR RF - A '- F -^ T aT^;^ uv^ i
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR. ~~
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 4s minutes
from the city: cottages for rent.. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
~~ PHYSICIANS^
DR. C. C. O' DO. NELL, oflice and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
._ The . following couples were . granted ' mar-
riage licenses yesterday: |
Samuel Larsen and Josie M. Feutren. 33-21.
• Martin Atamson and Sofia L.i.«sila, 29-28.
John H. Hudson and Hattie Schlaum. 35-35.-
' Harry C. Morrison and Estelle Hooper, 26-26.
Abraham Levy and Bessie Brodinsky, 35-19.
A. K. Coney and Margaret G. Falvey, 50-24. -
Henry Mitau and Alice Taussig, 35-27.
F. H. Mac Donald and Kittie Parks, 21-19.
Henri Rambaud and Alphonsine Turpin, 25-24.
Mm ha us R. Amaral and Mariana A. Bet-
tancurte. 21-20. :
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. -■■
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must b«
- handel In at ' either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN. V
GRIGGINB— Vallejo, April 7. 1898, to the
Wife of John GrlgginS, a daughter. .• . -; ■
NORTON— The Meridian, April 10, 1898, to
the wife of J. P. Norton, a son.
SILLIMAN— Near Castroville, April 5, 1898, to
the wife of Oscar P. Sllliman, a daughter.
"WHELAN— In Watson vllle, April 11, 1898, to
the wife of John Whelan, a daughter.
MARRIED. .
BALLINGER— LORTON— Santa Clara,
Cal., April 12, 1898, i by the Rev. H. B. Hea-
cock, Martin Balllnger and Alma Lorton.
BLACK— NISBET— In this ] i ity, April - 14, 1898,
by ■ the Rev. William C. Pond, William J.
Black and Eleanor .M.Nlsbet, both of San
Francisco. _ -i •. : ■■ . ■
DANIELSON™ MORSE— In this city, April 14,
IS9B, by the Rev; F. -A. Doane, Charles B.
Danielson and Carrie A. Morse, both of San
Francisco. . ' .
ROOT— CLAUSEN— this city, April 13, 1898,
by the Rev. F. A. Doane, John M. Root and
Emma Clausen, both of Blacks. Yolo County.
Barrett, John Mehlwitz, Jane J.
Bawart, Frank Messner, Louis A.
Boyde, Carrie Morse, Sarah M.
Bramwell, Aaron Murphy, William P.
Callahan, Mary Nelson, Dr. N M
Clarke, William J. O'Donnell, Maggie
Derham, William Otten, Katie
Pu Frend, Frankie Pieper, William
Eschelbach, John Qulnn, Jane
Gorham, Anne Ricketts. Benjamin
Kerr. Tillie R. Rohrle. Elizabeth
Kleeman, Helena D. Schmidt, Anna
Irelan, Samuel B. Senn, Otto
Liebes, Herman Stout, Dr. Arthur B.
Mahoney, Margaret Thomas, Griffith J.
Mawson, Josephine Wohltmann, John D.
BARRETT— In Stockton, April 14, 1898, John,
beloved husband of Mrs. Mary Barrett, and
beloved father of Mrs. Arden Belden and
Agnes, John J. and Frank I. Barrett, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 57 years.
gyihe funeral will be held to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:43 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Friends
and acquaintances are invited to attend.
BAWART— In this city, April 14, 1898, Frank,
dearly beloved husband of Therese Bawart,
and father of Josephine, Frank, Anton, Ru-
dolph and Tillie Bawart, a native of Tyrol.
Schweitz. Germany, aged 36 years 11 months
and 21 days. A member of Germania Club.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 29 Natoma street, thence to St. Boni-
face Church, Golden Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth streets, for services,
at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
BOY'DE— In th? City and County Hospital.
April 15, IS&S, Carrie Boyde, a native of Mich-
igan, aged 47 years.
BRAMWELL-In this city, April 15, IS9S,
Aaron, beloved husband of Rose Bramwell,
father of Mrs. P. H. Maloney, Mrs. E. L. V.
Bargone, Aaron and Robert Bramwell and the
late Belle Jones, and father-in-law of Wil-
liam Jones, a native of Dumfries. Scotland,
aged 74 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his iate resi-
dence, 1419 Kearny street, between Union and
Filbert. Interment L O. O. F. Cemetery.
CALLAHAN— In this city, April 15, 189S, Mary
Callahan, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
CLARKE— In thia city, April 15, UM, William
J., beloved son of William and the late Rose
A. Clarke, brother of Maggie, Cornelius and
the iate Nellie Clarke, and nephew of Mrs.
L. Walsh, B. Kelly, Mrs. D. Kenny and
Mrs. D. Curran, a native of Empire City,
New, aged 29 years. •
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 355 Fell street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a .solemn requiem mass will
bo celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock.
DERHAM— In this city. April 14, IS9S. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Margaret, and
father of Le Roy, Herbert, Ben, Albert and
Martha Derham, a native of Brooklyn, N. V.,
aged 00 years 10 months and 22 days.
IC?" Friend s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 435 Lombard street, thence to St.
Francis Church for services, thence to St.
Holy Cross Cemetery, by l*:40 o'clock train.
DU FREND— In this .city, April 15, IS3S,
Frankle Dv Fiend, a native or France, aged
63 years.
ESCHELHACH— In this city. April 14, 1898,
John Eschelbaeh, a native of Germany, aged
'") years and 6 months.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mis-
sion street.
fORHAM— In this city, April 14, ISfIS, Anne,
beloved wife of Hartley Gurham. and beloved
mother of Mary. Delia, Joe. Bartley and John
Gurham. a native of Clifden, County Gal-
way. Ireland, aged 39 yearn.
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:s<i o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 417 Clementina street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KERR— In Alvarado. April 14, 1898, Tillle R. t
beloved daughter of A. and Jane Kerr. a
native of S;ui Francisco, aged 19 years 8
months and 10 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attt-<ul the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the Presby-
terian Church at Alvarado. Interment De-
coto Cemetery.
KLEEMAN— In San Pablo, April 14, IS9B,
Helena D., beloved wi'.e of Claus Kleeman.
mother of Augusta, Addie, Alfred, Clara and
Freda Kleeman, and sister of Henry Ahlft,
Mrs. John Peters and Mrs. D. Schmoldt, a
native of Germany, aged 3S years.
[TT'Friends and :ui|\'aintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of J. Peter?, 23 Eureka street. Cremation I.
O. O. F. Cemetery-
IRELAN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 15, 1898, Samuel Boody Irelan, a native
of New Jersey, aged 61 years.
LIEBES— The s^hes of Hf-rman Liebes, who
died February 18, IS'JS, and whose remains
were cremated in London. England, will be
interred to-morrow (Sunday). In Hilis of
Eternity Cemetery. San Itateo County.
Friends and acquaintances are invited to be
present at a mennrlal service to be held In
the chapel at the cemetery. Take 11 :30
o'clock train, corner Third and Town»end
streets.
CONGREGATION SHERITH ISRAEL—
officers . and members of the Congregation
Sherlth Israel are requested to attend the
obsequies over the remains of our late mem-
ber. Herman Liebes, at the Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, to-morrow (Sunday), on arrival of
the 11:30 o'clock train from this city.
LOUIS BROWN, President. .
ALEX L. BADT. Secretary. . .' :
MAHONEY— In this city. April 14, 189 S. Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of John and Julia M:-..
honey, and sister of William E.. James D.,
Joseph T., Annie and the late John L. Ma<
honey, a native of Vallejo, Solano County,
Cal. . .
(tyFriends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-mnrrm*
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi.
dence. 628 V. Minna street, thence to St.
Joseph's Cllurch. Tenth street, where a re«
quim high mass will lie celebrated for the- rr»
pose of her soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. In«
terment Hoiy Cross Cemetery.
MAWSON— In this city. April 13. 1898, Jose,
phlne W., beloved wife of the late _dwin R.
Mawson, and mother of Mrs. K. B. Holmes,
and Mathilda R., Bertha C . David H. anil
Edith B. Mawson, aged 51 years and 1
months. A member of Seven Pines Circle.
Ladies of the G. A. R.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1442 Jessie street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, via electric-car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock.
MEHLWITZ— In this city. April 15, IS9S, Jane
Julia, dearly beloved mother of Tony Mehl-
witz and Mrs. Sarah J. Ritter, a native of
The Cove, N. J., aged 75 years.
ET'Remains at the parlors of Valente,
Marinl & Co., "1524 Stockton street.
MESSXER— In Alameda, April 14. ISKS. Louis
A., beloved son of Majrdejena and the late
Joseph Messner, and brother of Charles, Eu-
gene, Marie, Frank. Emile and the late Jo-
seph Messner, a native of Buffalo, N. Y.
IC?"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Saturday), at »!M o'clock, at the
residence of his mother. BM Railroad avenue.
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
MORSE— In this city, April 13, IS3S. Sarah M..
beloved wife of the late E. E. Morse, and
mother of Emma L. and Nellie A. Morse, a
native of Nantucket. Mass., aged 64 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, under the auspices
of Mission Chapter No. 155. O. E. S., from
Mission Maronic Temple, 266S Mission street,
between Twenty-second and - wenty-third.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
MURPHY— In this city, April 15. 189$. Wil-
liam P., beloved brother of Charles B. and
George Murphy, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 8 months and 27 days.
ICS^Notice of funeral hereafter.
NELSON— In this city, April 15, 189S, at the
Lane Hospital, Dr. N. Magnus Nelson of 1513
Mozart street, Alameda, the only beloved son
of Chiisten and Carolina Nelson, and brother
of Mrs. William Noble and Mary Nelson, a
native of Melrose. Alameda County, aged
23 years 5 months and 20 days. (Fresno, Cal.,
papers copy.)
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-mcrrow (Sunday). £t the chapel of Odd
Fellows' Crematory at 3:30 o'clock. Remains
at the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118
Geary street. Please omit flowers.
O'DONNELL— In this city, April 12, IS9B, Mag-
gie, beloved daughter of Bridget and the lato
John O'Donnell, and sister of Delia and
Martin O'Donnell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 7 months and 2 days
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, "11 Seventh street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OTTEN— In Los Gatos, April 15. 1898, Katie,
dearly beloved daughter of Claus and Marie
Otten, and sister of Claus, Laura, Peter and
Harry Otten, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years 4 months and 27 day*.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 1501 Post street, corner of Oc-
tavia. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
PIEPER— In this city, April 14. 1898, William,
dearly beloved husband of Agnes Pieper, and
father of George Pieper, a native of Rugen-
walde, Germany, aged 45 years and 16 days.
A member of Eureka Lodge No. 6. O. d. H. S.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 839 Vallejo street, corner of Mason,
thence to Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush street,
where the funeral services will be held,
commencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
QUINN— In this city, April 14. IS9S, Jane
Qulnn. a native of Ireland, aged 85 years.
RICKETTS— In East San Joee, April 13. 1898,
Benjamin Ricketts, a native of Maryland,
aged 31 years 7 months and 27 days.
ROHRLE— In this city, April 15, 1898, Eliza-
beth Rohrle, a native of Germany, aged 81
years.
SCHMIDT— In this city, April 15, IS9S. Anna,
beloved wife of Henry Schmidt, and mother
of Mrs. Grace Marshall, a native of England,
aged 57 years.
SENN— In this city, April 14. IS9B, Otto, be-
loved husband of Caroline Senn, a native of
Alsaoe, Germany, aged 43 years 2 months and
21 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 137 Perry street, between Third and
Fourth. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
I. A. OF M. — Officers and members of San
Francisco Lodge No. 68, International Asso-
ciation of Machinists, are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Otto Senn, to-morrow (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, from 137 Perry street.
J. J. BEALE, M. M.
STOUT— In this city, Aorll 14, BSB, Dr. Arthur
B. Stout, a native of New York, aged 83
years 11 months and 16 days.
(TT-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany. 123 Stockton street, corner of Geary.
THOMAS— In this city. April 14, IS9B Griffith
J dearly beloved husband of Ida, father of
Leon Thomas, dearly beloved son of Mary
Ann Thomas, and brother of Henry, James
and Nellie Thomas, Mrs. S. Rewcastle and
Mrs. Mary Cuneo, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years" and 23 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 1503 Dupont street, thence to Fores-
ters' Hall, 102 O'Farrell street, where serv-
ices will be held, under the auspices of
Court Justice No. 7903, A. O. F. Interment
Masonic Cemetery-
A O F.— Officers and members of Court Jus-
tice No 7903, A. O. F., are requested to meet
at their hall at 1:45 o'clock, to attend the
funeral of our late brother." Griffith J.
Thomas. H. L. HAVES, Chief Rajiger.
LOUIS G. LEHONSE, Sec.
WOHLTMANN— In this city, Aiirll 14, IS9B,
John D , dearly beloved husband of Marie
C Wohltmann, and father of Annie. John
and Adelia Wohltmann, and brother of Herr-
mann and Claus Wohltmann, Mrs. M. Matt-
feldt and Mrs. A. Reirners, a native of Ger-
many, aged 47 years 3 months and 14 days.
A member of Norddeutscher Verein and Ger-
mania Lodge No. 1718, K. of H.
IE?- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Ms late resi-
dence 215 Clipper street, between Sanchez
and Noe. thence to Washington Hall, 35
Eddy street, where funeral services will Be
held, commencing at — o'clock. Interment
I. o. O. F. Cemetery.
McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS <fc EMBALMER3
Z0 iIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Soioai.
Telephone, South 80.
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the as*
of our patrons. Rubber tire* on our ambul&ncs.
1112
FOUND HIS WIFE IN
A LONELY FARMHOUSE
Terrible Experiences of
Mrs, Hollander.
Abducted
Twice in
One Year.
She Is the Daughter
of the Late Alvan
G. Clark,
Is Heiress to a Fortune
That Others Wish
to Secure.
Taken From Her Home in Bos
ton to a Ranch in Glenn
County.
TRACED ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
A Real Life Melodrama That Ends
To-Day in the Happy Reunion
of Husband and Wife.
Within the prosaic confines of the
court of the Palace Hotel there will
be enacted to-day the closing sc»n» in
a real-life melodrama, the principal
character of which is a young, hand
some and wealthy woman, the daughter
of a man whose name is known and
honored in every civilized country of
the known world.
ATTORNEY WALTER S. SHERMAN.
Mr. Sherman is tiie legal adviser of Sumner Hollander and came with him
from Boston to the Pacific Coast to aid in the search for his young client's wife.
For the second time within a year —
the first year of her married life, this
young woman will be to-day clasped
in the arms of her husband after a sep
aration forced upon her by persons
whose motives cannot be fathomed and
ADVEBTISEMEI' n S.
Pimples, blotches, blackheads, red. rough,
oily, mothy skin, itching, scaly scalp, dry,
thin, and falling hair, and baby blemishes
prevented by Cuticuba Soap, tho most
effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, as well as purest and
sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery. ■
Soap I« told ttirtrarhmit th« world. ' Porrn T>w.a i»
Cukm. Cow . SuU i'ro[w.. ])a«iuu, V. S. A. --.•■. s
C 3* " How to Prernt Fac« HamoiV nullM ftm.
EVENT HUMO3 "TrTS^SSSSr"
whose identity is only whispered by the
fear-stricken wife. Torn by doubt and
uncertainty her young husband has
spent weary weeks and months in
searching the highways and byways of
SUMNER RUSH HOLLANDER.
The son of a wealthy Boston merchant, who has twice, during the first year of
his married iife, had his wife torn from his arms and has twice regained her after
spending a fortune in the search that has extended from ocean to ocean.
half a continent; has doggedly pursued
the quest from ocean to ocean and has
expended a fortune in the hire of the
best detectives In the land to continue
the search that ended two days igo
at a tumble-down farm house on a
wind-swept ranch in the foothills of
Glenn County.
Such is a brief outline of a tragic ro
mance in real life that has no equal in
the works of modern fiction.
The name of the central figure in the
v/cncVrful succession of even f s is, or
rather was. Miss F. G. Clark. Sho is
the youngest daughter of the late Alvan
C CMark, the celebrated astronomer and
lenß maker of Cambridge, Mass., who
reared for himself In California an en
during monument in the lens of the
great Lick telescope. Her husband is
Sumner R. Hollander, the son of one
of the wealthiest and most highly re
spected families in the State of Mas
sachusetts. By the terms of her father's
will Mrs. Hollander 1b an heiress in her
own right to a fortune of a quarter of
a million dollars. If the solemn as
sertions of the young couple are to be
believed thin munificent bequest, dic
tated by paternal love, is the chief fac
tor in the Borrow and danger that has
seared and blackened the first year of
their married life.
The sequel is yet to be learned, but
the meeting that will occur to-day be
tween the younqr husband and. bis beau
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
tiful bride 1b the final Incident In a
series of events sufficiently strange and
thrilling to touch the most hardened
heart. All doubts and uncertainties
will be for the moment blotted out by
thiß happy reunion amongr strangers,
In a strange city, thoue-.i'ids of miles
from home and friends.
Scarcely more than a year ago Sum
ner Hollander, then a young college Btu
dent, and Miss Clark, who was one of
the petted belles of Cambridge society,
met and fell in love with each other.
With the impulsiveness of youth they
decided upon an elopement and
secret marriage rather than be
subjected to the delay incident
to the formality of securing pa
rental consent to their uninn. To
conceive was to act, and with happy
disregard for future consequences the
young couple repaired to a near-by vil
lage and were married by a minister
who was sufficiently discreet not to ask
unpleasant questions.
For three months the marriage was
kept a profound secret, then the young
couple braved parental wrath and gave
their secret to the world. Having re
ceived the forgiveness of their parents
and the congratulations of their friends
the happy husband and wife settled
down to the enjoyment of a life un
shadowed by any warning of future
sorrow. Fpr three weeks they lived
', in happy contentment. Then came the
death of the bride's father, Alvan G.
Clark, an event that was heralded in
the press of two continents. This oc
curred on June 9, 1897, a date that
marked the turning point in the cur
rent of two lives. Since that time hap
piness has been a stranger to the Hol
lander household.
Alvan Clark died a wealthy man.
When his will was read it was found
that he had made a small bequest to
one of his two older daughters. The
other he disinherited. To Mrs. Hollan
der, his youngest and favorite daugh
ter, he bequeathed $20,000 outright, be
sides the sum of $200,000 to be held in
trust for her for a period of ten years,
at the expiration of which period the
money was to be hers unconditionally.
By a provision of the will it was stipu
lated that if Mrs. Hollander died with
out issue before the expiration of the
ten-year period the money was to re
vert to the two remaining sisters, share
and share alike.
It is claimed by both Mr. and Mrs.
Hollander that as soon as the provis
ions of the will became known the two
elder sisters, both of whom are married,
manifested a deep and absorbing intor
est in the welfare of Mrs. Hollander.
The husband and wife go still further
than this and charge the two older sis
ters and their husbands with being di
rectly responsible for all that has since
occurred in the succession of startling,
almost tragic, events now to be so hap
pily terminated.
As already stated these events began
with the death of Alvin Clark and the
reading of his will. At this time Mrs.
Hollander was happy In the hope that
before the end of the year she would
present her husband with a living
pledge of her love and devotion, and
an heir to the fortune willed to her In
trust by her father. This hope was
blasted by means that may only be
hinted at here.
For weeks the young wife's life was
despaired of, and it was only by the
most careful nursing and the atten
tion of the most skilled physicians that
she was dragged back to life from the
brink of the grave. Then one day be
fore Mrs. Hollander had yet recovered
her health and strength her husband
returned home to find that his
wife had disappeared, leaving no trace
behind. From the homes of friende
and acquaintances the search for her
was extended to surrounding towns
and cities, but all to no purpose. The
young wife had disappeared as com
pletely as If the earth had swallowed
her.
Her . husband, crazed with ; grief and
anxiety, {was not .to be comforted. 'His
father, whose . heart ■ had , been won Iby
the young wife's charming : personality
agd who, spoked upon her »<| ogo of hj^
own children, placed his fortune at the
disposal of his eon In pursuing the
search for the missing wife. The best
detectives in Boston and New York
were employed to aid in the quest, they
being ordered to proceed with the ut
most secrecy and discretion.
After weary weeks of suspense, of
> unfruitful clews and false alarms came
news that gladdened tho hearts of the
young husband and the members of his
family. The wifo had been found. She
had been found, but not as had been
' supposed, in Borne place of involuntary
' detention in one of the great cities of
! the East, but in a lonely farm house
1 that forma a minute dot on the llmit
! less expanse of the prairies of North
Dnkota, far from the haunts of civ
! lllzatlon.
Three days after this intelligence was
i flashed over the wires to the home in
j Boston husband and wife were clasped
lin each other's arms in the dingy
i living room of the weather-beaten
I farmhouse, the detectives standing
| guard to see that no unfriendly hand
or voice marred the momentary hap
piness of the reunion. The explana
tions that followed will be told fur-
ther along in the words of Mr. Hollan
der himself.
A happy home coming followed this
Joyous meeting on the bleak reaches of
the Dakota prairie. Then came a brief
period of comparative tranquillity that
was marred only by the thought that
the young wife might in some way be
made to suffer again by the people
who were held to be responsible for
what had gone before.
Three months passed and the young
wife was again made happy by
the hope of approaching maternity.
Again were these hopes dashed to the
ground by the same agency that had
before robbed her of her desire to be
come a mother. Again was her life
despaired of and again did the skill of
the physicians triumph. A long period
of convalescence followed, and Mr.
Hollander, made happy by the thought
that his wife had been restored to him,
and that death had for a second time
been robbed of a victim, resumed his
business occupations.
On the second day of last month Mr.
Hollander was called away from home
for forty-eight hours on a business
trip. When he returned he found his
wife gone and his home deserted. As
before, no trace of her whereabouts
had been left behind, no note of explan
ation and no message to relieve the
agonizing uncertainty as to what fate
had overtaken the missing woman.
Acting upon the knowledge gained by j
former experience Mr. Hollander called j
in the services of detectives and set
about a systematic search that was
destined to meet with success. After ;
several weeks a clew was found and j
the missing wife was trailed across the I
continent to California- The detectives |
found Mrs. Hollander at a ranch house !
owned by a family named Nye in the
foothills of Glenn County, fourteen
miles from the little town of Willows.
The telegraph conveyed this informa
tion to the anxious husband, who at
once started for the Pacific Coast as I
fast as steam could carry- him. He was ;
accompanied by his attorney, Walter |
S. Sherman. They went direct to Wil- j
lows, where they hired a team and
drove to the ranch house. There dis
appointment awaited them. It appears
that notice of their coming had been j
telegraphed from Boston by spies who
had been detailed to watch the move- |
ments of the husband. This warning
had been given in time to enable those ;
who were seeking to keep Mrs. HOI- ;
lander from her husband to take her ;
from the farm house to another hiding
place.
Disappointed and almost disheart
ened, Mr. Hollander and his attorney
came on to this city and took up their
residence at the Palace Hotel. They
reached Willows April 7 and found
that Mrs. Hollander had been taken
away from the ranch on April 5. They
reached this city April 8. Arriving
here there was nothing left for them to
do but to await the time when the new
hiding-place of :he unhappy wife
should be discovered. This was ac
complished last Thursday afternoon.
Precautions necessary to prevent a re
currence of the defeat and disappoint
ment that was met with upon the ar
rival of the rescuing party at Willows
caused a delay of 36 hours before Mr.
Hollander was notified that the time
had arrived when he could greet the
wife who had been so cruelly separated
from him for a period of almost two
months. Not until this meeting takes
place to-day will they feel themselves
free for a time at least from the dan
gers that seem to surround them.
"This Is the second attempt that has
been made to take my wife from me by
force and violence," said Mr. Holland
er yesterday, "and if there is any law
or Justice in the land It shall be the
last. Both attempts were so nearly
successful that I shudder to think of
the fate that would probably have
overtaken the dear little woman had
it not been my good fortune to find
and rescue her.
"Even to me, who have undergone
tortures of body and mind sufficiently
terrible to make me alive to the real
ity of what has happened, the whole
thing seems like a horrible dream or
the fancy of a diseased mind. It does
not seem possible that in this enlight
ened age there are people who would
not hesitate to do what has been done
to me and mine for the purpose of ac
quiring possession of a few paltry dol
lars.
"Think of it. A woman twice stolen
and taken thousands of miles away and
placed in an obscure hiding place;
twice" subjected to physical treatment
that all but ended in death and result
ed in the sacrifice of two innocent lives.
It is terrible, wrong and inhuman, yet
I doubt if it be possible to bring about
the punishment of the persons I know
to be guilty of these brutal and crim
inal acts. I do not know what to do or
where to turn. It seems that lam una
ble to protect my own wife from those
who would be benefited by any evil
that might be done her.
"The first time; she was taken away
from me I almost lost, my reason, be
cause I was afraid * that j she had been
murdered and her body either concealed
or destroyed. After: weeks of the
most terrible suspense I' found her in
Dakota. She had suffered as much
as •I, because she had ! not been per
mitted, to communicate with me or
with any one else. ; She told.me as
she has told my attorneys and will tell
you that her sisters and : their husbands
are responsible for ; all - that has hap
pened to her. I know V that all that
she has been able to " gam ..a knowl
edge ;of during the period of her mis
fortunes is every word true and that it
is but a small portion of the scheme
that has been planned. My attorneys
know < it, also, and we have evidence
that : may enable us to bring the guilty
parties within the reach of * the - law.
Reluctant 'as I am |to;; accept '% such } a
vievy of t^e case it vow. seem to jpe to
A NEW HOME FOR DEPENDENT BOYS.
Youths' Directori] Will Be Open to Unfortunates of All Creeds.
VIEW OF THE NEW YOUTHS' DIRECTORY.
Contracts for the new Youths' Directory to replace the building on Howard street have been signed and re
corded. The institution will be handsome and imposing, and its doors will be open to all creeds. It will cost a
good, round sum, most of which the Rev. F. Crowley expects to raise among the numerous friend 3of this de
serving work.
The reverend director has a new scheme for raising funds, and it seems to be popular and successful. He
has had printed a number of pasteboard books, each page of which represents twenty bricks, sold at 5 cents each.
In this manner the friends of the home expect to realize as many B cent pieces as there are bricks in the new
building. It is an entirely new plan of financiering, and it is likely to work well.
The location of the new building is at Nineteenth and Angelica streets, with a frontage of 146 feet and a depth
of 56. One of the fine features of the building is a rotunda entrance supported by columns and surmounted by a
handsome dome with a striking clock. It will have accommodations for 125 boys. The dormitories, lavatories and
lecreation halls will be fitted up in the most modern style.
Eleven years ago the Youths' Directory procured its first permanent home on Howard street, near Seven
teenth. This was -a two-story frame building, which soon proved Inadequate.
During this period of eleven years the directory has passed through Us portals 5500 boys, who have been
protected and provided for without care or cost to State or county. Of late the increase of applicants for admission
has been such as to necessitate more room. Hence the new building in a larger lot of ground.
The directory was incorporated in ISS7. The present board of directors are: The Most Rev. Archbishop, Father
D. O. Crowley, James R. Kelly. Matt I. Sullivan, Thomas R. Bannerman, Dr. J. F. Gibbon, Dr. Joseph Oliver and
T. P. Riordan. The late Joseph A. Donohoe, Alex H. Loughborough and Henry Barroilhet were also members of
the board of directors up to the time of death.
It has been mainly through the untiring zeal and capable management of Father Crowley that the directory
as a great charitable Institution has accomplished so much good for helpless and unprotected waifs. He is an en
thusiastic believer in the maxim that "prevention is better than cure." He believes It is better to spend time and
money in housing, educating and training the unprotected waifs and orphan boys of the State, to the end that they
may grow up good, law-abiding citizens, than to neglect them and allow them to become criminals. The doors of
the directory are open at all hours of the day and night to the juvenile victims of poverty and vice. It is marked
by the most broad cosmopolitanism, and has numbered among its inmates representatives of almost every people
on the face of the globe.
be a case of life or death, and I shall
act accordingly."
Mrs. Hollander is but 22 years old,
yet she is said to be broken in both
health and spirit by the terrible ex
periences she has undergone.
Attorney Sherman also corroborates
the full details of the story as related
by the young husband and adds many
things which have not and cannot be
told here.
There is one chapter in the history
of the Clark family that has an inti
mate connection with the events of the
past year that have been briefly told in
the foregoing story. One of Mrs. Hol
lander's sisters was disinherited by the
terms of her father's will.
She Is Mrs. Richard Grogan Jr.
Richard Grogan is the son of the pro
prietor of the livery stable where the
horses of the Clark family were kept.
By reason of this fact Miss Clark was
occasionally called upon to enter into
conversation with the stableman's son.
She fell in love with him and they
eloped and were married. For this her
father never forgave her, a fact that
was made manifest by his omitting to
>rovidc for her in his will. The other
sister was also so unfortunate as not
to please her father in her selection
of a husband as well as in other mat
ters that antedated her nuptials. It
was because of these things that Al
vin Clark left the bulk of his valuable
estate to his youngest daughter, now
Mrs. Hollander.
— «■ ♦ — •
Thte best lead pencil in the world is the
"Koh-I-Noor." Try it. •
DEATH OF DR. STOUT.
Dr. Arthur B. Stout, one of the oldest physicians of this city, died at
St. Luke^s Hospital on last Thursday. The deceased was 84 years of age
at the time of his death. He was a native of New York, and came out to
San Francisco as surgeon of the old steamship California which was the
first steam vessel to round the Horn with passengers for the gold fields in
1549. He practiced medicine here for many years, and was widely known
among the older San Franciscans. The weight of years finally incapacitated
him. and for the past five years he has been at St. Luke's "Hospital. His
funeral will take place to-day from Pioneer Hall at 1 o'clock
Hermann Oelrichs Here.
Herman Oelrichs arrived in the city
last night on the overland from New
York. He comes on some private busi
ness matters and will remain for three
or four weeks before returning to his
home. When seen last night Mr. Oel
richs said that he knew nothing what
ever of the alleged discovery of the pa
pers in the Fair will case, and that the
first he had heard of the matter was
When he read of it in a paper he secured
at Sacramento. Mrs. Oelrichs has gone
to Europe, accompanied by Miss Fair
and her two children, and will probably
remain abroad several months. The con
dition of her eyesight has much im
proved and her husband has hopes of her
complete recovery before long. Mr. Oel
richs refused to discuss the Cuban situ
ation for publication further than to say
that, in his opinion, the matter would be
settled without a resort to arms.
Remembered the Nurses.
Mrs. Schuller, who was shot by her
husband and lay in the Harbor Hospital
for two weeks, took a pleasing method
of showing her appreciation of the care
she received at the hands of the nurses
at that Institution, yesterday, when she
appeared there with two gold medals,
which she presented to the two matrons.
On one side of each of the medals was
inscribed a sentiment of thanks and on
the other side the name of one of the
ladles who gave her the attention which
was mainly responsible tor her recovery.
The Crowd
Goes to El Campo every Sunday. The re
sort opened for the season last Sunday,
and the attendance was large, but hardly
noticeable on account of the extent of
the grounds and the ample steamer ac
commodations. There's no other place
like El Campo — sunny and warm and
windless, besides it's inexpensive and
m-ar to San Francisco. Take the big
steamer Ukiah; four round trips at con
venient hours.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONSULTING A WOMAN.
Mrs. Pinkham's Advice Inspires
Confidence and Hope.
Examination by a male physician is
a hard trial to a delicately organized
woman.
She puts it off as long as she dare,
and is only driven to it by fear of can-
cer, polypus, or some dreadful ill.
Most frequently such a woman leaves
a physician's office
Mgfffifj. where she has un-
fflJKpffg^g pa dergone a critical
Wfigfit a-Jj examination with
gwp* "It"/ an impression, more
JMfesf or less, of discour-
>mm^mSS^^ agement.
Bffffimfflt^ESSSSKf mind destroys
VUHira^g £H| tlie effect of
ffe&f^fr : ?; *■"' BmM advice; and
«§" f* ; B^fß she grows
I^HHHHP^v I^^ worse rather
than better. In consulting Mrs. Pink- .
ham no hesitation need be felt, the
story is told to a woman and is wholly
confidential. Mrs. Pinkham^ address
is Lynn, Mass., she offers sick women
her advice without charge. *""
Her. intimate knowledge of women's
troubles makes her letter of advice a
wellspring of hope, and her wide experi-
ence and skill point the way to health.
■ "I suffered with ovarian trouble for
seven years, and no doctor knew what
was the matter with me. I had spells
which would last for two days or more.
I thought I would try Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable ComDonnd. I have
taken seven bottles of it, and am en-
tirely cured."— Mes. John Foreman, 26
N. Woodberry Aye., Baltimore, Md.
• . The above letter from Mrs. Foreman
Is only one of thousands.
B.H.PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH D lip 0
PERSIAN^ HUUu
With hi» last stock, before his departure to
; . Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
AUCTION
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M.,
At 106-108 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug - will be sold out regardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine goods
at your own prices. •
N. E. CLARK, Auctioneer.
o o 0 0 0 00 000000000
% -? PALACE *■"■?%
%GRAND» OTELS %
q SAN FRANCISCO. "
Connected by a covered passageway. , .'"*
© 1400 Rooms. . 900 With Bath Attached. 0
O All Under One Management. 0
O NOTE THE PRICES : q
r\ European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward >»
w American Plan.!* 3. oo per day and upward O
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
O JOHN C. EIREPATBICK, Manager. q
OOP OOOOOOQQ O O_O 0000GREAT COURSING
EXPECTED
ON MAY DAY.
The greyhounds at both Ingleside and
Union parks will enter upon a struggle
this afternoon besides which a mere
Congressional altercation wouldn't show
the heat of an Alaskan glacier. At Union
Park an all-age open stake will be run
off and with it a consolation event for
the dogs failing to successfully negotiate
theJr initial courses. At Ingleside the
feature of the card is a stake for the
hounds that have not won third money
or better during the past six months.
The running at both parks begins at the
usual hour.
Sinaloa is said to have improved much
since her appearance at Ingleside last
■week. She will soon be back in her old
stake-winning form.
This week's stake at Union Park ap
pears to be another good thing for Cur
tis. Cavalier will certainly be pretty
close to the top.
The initial stake of the Ingleside cham
pion challenge class to be run off on May
day gives evidence of havine met with
much favor. Already nominations are
being spoken for, and indications point
to an event awakening both State and
interstate interest.
An Eastern leashman, writing to a lo
cal publication, takes exception to a few
remarks lately made in The Call relative
to the quality of the greyhounds raised,
and being raised on the coast. After
quoting The Call, he says in part:
At Ingleside Park on March 20 the Eastern
bred dogs won both stakes, namely. Magic and
Coralie. The former is by Miller's liab out of
Lady Pembroke, and, I believe, was whelped
at Huron, S. D., and raised at St. Louis, Mo.
Coral by Babazoun, out of Buenretiro, was
whelped and raised in Colorado.
. Now, I presume a California greyhound is one
■whelped in California and an Eastern grey
hound is one whelped in the East.
I have the greatest respect for Californian
bred greyhounds. They breed some excellent
greyhounds, both fa.st and clever, and it takes
a rare good dog to down them, but 1 feel sure
every Californian sportsman will not object to
allow the Eastern greyhounds their dues and
what they .'airly earn.
The late Grace Cup, run for at Ingleside
Park, an Eastern dog divided first and an
other Eastern dog was third. Patrla, an East
ern greyhound, has been first or second or in
the money in all the stakes she has taken part
In and it was only a short time ago, 0:1 Feb
ruary 20, we saw grand old St. Lawrence, an
Eastern dog, who is getting too old to run
now has a crippled foot, and has been at the
stud win a fifty-four dog stake at Ingleside
I'ark and It is, perhaps, safe to say that In
his prime few If any greyhounds bred in the
East or on the Coast could lead him to the
bare.
In all this the gentleman Is undoubted
ly correct. But the article appeared in
The Call March 21. Let us look back of
that date. Of the twenty-three stakes
(covering a period of practically six
months) prior thereto Patria annexed
one and divided another. St. Lawrence
pulled down one and Diana scored one.
The other nineteen attest the worth of
coast stock, particularly as the above
named Eastern dogs were not only In the
fame often, but also several of the Van
lummell strings, several from Kay &
Train's stable, frequent representations
from Scott &• Glassen's kennels, divers
of Howe it Thompson's flyers. Simmons
& Donahue's Colorado productions and
iodly number of others from the
East. That the Eastern stock has been
making a creditable showing at Ingle-
Blde lately is admitted. But the article
in The Call, when written, was certainly
not without warrant and the coa.st dogs
o cause to shirk a course with
their competitors from beyond the moun
tains.
Jimmy Anthony has got back his old
doR Tullamore and is running him at
Ingleside to-day. He looks to be able to
negotiate his iirst course.
Firm Friend and Th-ron should put up
a corking contest at Union Park to-day.
Theron has been run pretty steadily of
late, but he will make the old dog extend
himself, neverth)
Both pikers and plungers will play to
quiok music In the long odds book at In
• moon. The entry is not
only phenomenally larsre, but the dogs
are so closely matched that BOinethiag
more than peaches and cream will bo
:.st all of hem.
Banta Clara County returns to Inglo
■ide to-day in battle array. Portal.
Spring and Stillwell are all in the game
on the oid grounds again and their can
didates have a very dangerous look. The
race between StilKvell's Little Dell and
Flynn's Tom Bell will brir.jr out the
heaviest play of any contest this after
noon.
There are one or two dark horses at
T'nion Park to-day whose presence is a
disturbing element. Mona, County Dan
and Pigeon Toes are all three unknown.
It is to be doubted, however, that much
anxiety over their presence is warranted.
Mona is up against Magnet. County Dan
•will needs be a crack to put out Move
On. And while Sans Souci has peers
Pigeon Toes will nevertheless have to
belie his name to win.
The "Van" family, brought out by Dr.
Van Hummcll, is well represented at In
gleside to-day— Van Cloie, Van Knapp,
Van Kirk and Van Nida— all being in the
running.
Cronin & McDonald's Dottie Dimple
returns to Inglc-slde to-day, after a some
what protracted absence. In condition,
Dottie should negotiate her first run
from Harkaway with ease, but it is re
ported that she is not auite up to her
top-notch form.
This afternoon's run-down at Ingleside
should Bhow a flag for Buckwa, Benicia
Boy, in;r Buy, Tullamore, Signal, Fire-
T-a.Il. Hercules, Springfield, Firenzi, Silk
wood, Koolawn, Prince of Fashion,
Lightning, Van Cloie. Alma. Van Kirk,
Pet Klrby, Liberty Bell. Lady Napoleon
Nelly Daly, Nelly B, At Last, Cliffette,
Olim, Scminole, Mountain Beauty, Hark
away, Lissak. Dawn, Binaloa! Tessie
Fair, Little Dell.
The winners at Union Park this after
noon look to be Eclipse, Metallic, Ter
rona. Forget. Van Nid^ ''avaller. Bend
Along, Sarcastic. Gilt l.lge, Santa Ale
cia, Cross Patch, Douglass, Move On
Sans Souci, White Chief, Theron, Tod
Sloan, Magnet, Sweet Lips, False Flat
terer, Myrtle, The Turk, Caxmody and
Bonlta.
The championship stake event which
will take place at Union Coursing Park
on May 1 will assuredly attract a great
gathering of leashmen from all parts of
the coast, and as the high-class dogs
of the State will appear in the slips on
that day, particular interest will natu
rally be manifested In the final rounds.
During the past week or two sports
men have been discussing the merits of
•the two great dogs, viz.. For Freedor.i
(Imported) and Connemara (local), and
there is no gainsaying the fact that if
the last-named dog is entered for the
May Day event at Union Pant, specula
tion on the result will be very keen ln-
\\ h;.t a grand race it will be to witness
betw.rn For Freedom and Connemara
. iortun<li ortun<l should favor the long-tails
with a xood, strong and fast hare that
has the ability to throw grass in the
eyes of the dogs in its wild flight for
I r'"iom.
Doubt loss Mr. Deane will enter his fa
mous hound as it would be a great fea
ther in his cap. if Connemara lowered
the colors of the imported canine in a
race that would leave not the least ele
ment of doubt in the minds of the spec
tators as to which is the better dog
CRICKET SEASON
WILL OPEN IN MAY.
The officers of the Alameda Cricket
Club for IS9B are: President, E. Brown
vice-president*, R. B. Hngue and Henry
Ward; honorary secretary, Henry Ward
executive committee, R. B. Hogue, Henry
Ward and G. Hellman; ground commit
tee. J. J. R. Peel, G. I. Baugh and Harry
Bird.
Pinre last yoar C. H. Bragg and Harold
\\ard have left the club and F C Drif
field and J. 11. Saunders have joined it
The club hopes to sond a team to
Loomis at the end of May to play LEain^t
the Placer County eleven. V aeainst
Messrs. R. B. Hogue, E. Brown Geortre
Theobald ar.d Henry Ward met on
Wednesday to discuss criekr-t affairs, and
deciued to formally open the season with
a practice match on May 1, married vs
single. As there seema little likelihood
of a third club b.Mng formed, it was de
termined to play live tost matches diirine
the season, each match to take two Sun
days, between the Alameda and Pacific
elevens, and to fill in the vacant daya
with such matches as city vs. country
bankers and Insurance clerks vs. all com
ers, and married vs. single. The whole of
October Is to bo reserved for matches
Pfainst the country teams.
The Field of Sport
ROWING CLUBS
PREDICT
A BUSY SEASON.
The South End Rowing Club regatta,
open to members only, will be held on
May 1 over the Long: Bridge course.
For the senior four-oared barge race
there will probably be three entries: The
"Midgets," last year's intermediate
champions, and a third crew. The "Mid
get" crew consists of the following:
Stroke, Frank Dupllssea; afterwalst,
Gus Carson; forwardwaist, Robert M -
Arthur; bow, Henry Bode; cockswain, ]
George McGHL The intermediate cham- i
pion crew of IW7 consists of the following j
oarsmen: Stroke, Joe Lyons; afterwaist, j
Alec MeGeorge; forwardwaist, George G. i
Fox; bow, Tom Shortall. The third crew j
will be made up thus: Stroke, Ed Scully; I
afterwaist, George Bans; forwardwaist,
Mat Breen; bow, Jim Pallas.
For the junior barge race, crew No. 1 I
will consist of W. Barry, stroke; Emil
Blumlein, afterwaist; Charles Skell •-. for- j
ward waist; W. Fox, bow. Crow No. 2
will probably be made up of Charles
Creighton, "William Meade. Henry Bo- !
gan and James Finn, the seats they will
occupy nut being yet settled.
There will be a quarter m:!e dash be
tween A. J. Fritz and Frank Duplissea
in outrijrgtd skiffs, and a race in shells
between c. C. DenniSß, Len Haiisk-r and
James Foley.
There will also be races In outrigged
skiffs between Mat Breen and Tom Short
all; between Jim Finn and T. i. Fitzpat
ri ck.
The South End Rowing Club has about
12i members, and is looking forward to
an active season. A handball court is be
ing constructed at the clubhouse. La*»t
Sunday S"inr of the South End men
rowed round to North Beach in a white
ball to attend the opening of the Dolphin
Club, whose hospitality was also enjoyed
by three South End barge- crews.
The preliminary heats for the A. B.
Treadwell diamond medal for junior
skiffs were won at last Sunday's Dolphin
Club opening by A. Shields and Charles
Farrell. The deciding heat will take place
in about two weeks from now. The Dol
phin Club holds its annual picnic to-mor
row at Mirabel Park. Sonoma County. It
is the twentieth annual excursion, and
the proceeds will be devoted to the pur
chase of a new racing four-oared barge.
The Ariel Rowing Club sent two cr«rws
<-••.-. r to North Beach on Sunday for a
trial spin. The senior crew consisted of
W. Howe, stroke: R. Kills, afcerwaist;
Kd McKenna, forwardwaist; J. Nolan,
bow, and was coached by Leander Bti -
venson. The junior crew, coached by D.
u'Connell. was made up of J. O'Conneil,
stroke; F. Loth, afterwaist; Ed E.
Haughton, forwardwaist. and Edward
Bailey, bow. Two scullers were also
out in outrigged skiffs, and H. A I
and D. J. Sneehan rowed round to Fort
Mason in a pair-oared Buells.
J. R. Bockman of the Ar>ls took a
party of friends out last Sundny in his
new pleasure boat Sprite. His guests
were E. McDonough. Edward Lynch and
James Duffy. The German crew of the
Arlels intended to race against a South
End crew, but one of their members be
ing absent through sickness no race took
place.
The Ariel Rowing Club will hold its
club regatta on Sunday. May 15. Medals
for senior and junior scullers will be of
fered. Frank Wilson, holder of the se
nior sculls. Is taking daily exercise and
getting into torm. The junior scullers
are James O'Conneil and Andrew Car
roll. The Stockton Club obtained last
season from the East a new racing
barge, and this year the Ariels will prob
ably acquire one. Indeed, the probabil
ity is that all the rowing clubs will be
better equipped this season than almost
ever before.
During the winter Herzor and Julius
Morton of the Olympic Boat Club have
been going over to the boathouse at Tib
uron quite regularly, but general practice
among the members has only just begun.
Several members visited the clubhouse
on Sunda^ anu some crews will soon be
formed. The captain is anxious to get
four men to row regularly together to
form a crew for the four-oared shell.
At the meeting of the Alameda Boat
Club on April 12 seven applications for
membership came up. S. J. Pembroke,
H. W. Maass and W. B. Hinchman were
chosen on the board of managers. The
club regatta and entertainment and the
christening of the new barge were post
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
poned till Sunday, the 24th, on which day
there will hi- senior and junior skiff races
and a straight away race against time in
the new barge. A committee was ap
pointed on the purchase of a new skiff
for the club. In Otto Mover, forward
waist of the junior barge crew, the Ala
meda Club has a powerful young oars
man.
ALL-ROUND ATHLETICS
AT STANFORD COLLEGE.
The following communication from the
Stanford University concerning the ath
letes and how track and Held affairs are
progressing is self-explanatory:
STANFORD UNIVERSITT. April 14.— Since
the deicat i:i the Hist intercollegiate (tame,
the Stanford 'Vanity baa l>>-en practicing as
■i-ly. Two irntures of play have re
ceived most attention— the fielding and the bat
ting. In the former the players are showing
more reliability and Beem belter fitted to meet
the emergencies that arise. The work with the
stick has also improved. The men are lining
the balls out and placing their hits to goo/I
advantage.
The feeling In college Is that the team should
win the second game of the series. The loss
of another game on costly errors is a thing
not to be thought of. That the team should
have lost the last match because of |«ior play
at a critical time is a matter of suppressed
indignation. Those who attribute defeat to
hard luck are the more tolerant.
The make-up of the nine will be the same
as it was laot Saturday and Is as follows:
Catcher Strohn
Pitcher ....Beckett
First base Young
Second base Harris
Third base Klauber
Shortstop Lougheed (Captain)
Right field Swindells
Center field Wight
Left field Murphy
Am the time approaches for the intercolle
giate field day, the prospect, never bright for
Stanford, grows more and more gloomy. Char
lie Dole, on whom the college relied for at least
two first places, Is In bed with a strained ten
don. Everything is being done to bring him
around. Great doubt is entertained, however,
as to his ability to compete at all. If he re
covers in time to take part, his lack of train
ing will place him at a great disadvantage.
Jack Brur.ton, also. Is not doing as well as
was expected. His limbs an- stiff from rid
ing: and lack of training while absent from
college. Ropes are entertained, however, that
another week will bring him back to his old
form.
The bicycle event, which will come off In
San Jose on Wednesday, Is receiving consid
erable attention. Bayer, Cross, Rudolph. Mar
vin and Hohn will represent the cardinal in
this Intercollegiate tryout. Yours, etc.,
CUTTHN.
GETTING READY FOR
THE BENCH SHOW.
The secretary of th" San Francisco Ken
nel Club has received from New York an
unofficial intimation that the suspension
of the Mastiff Club has already been can
celed, but in the absence of official con
firmation this report must be accepted
with the proverbial grain of salt. It seems
that the time is too short for any such
measure to nave been taken. The San
Francisco Kennel (Hub is naturally anx
ious for the reinstatement of the Pacific
Mastiff Club, as the latter has offered
some valuable prizes for competition at
the show.
At a meeting of the committee on
judges last evening the question of the
retention of George Bell was definitely
settled in the affirmative.
Seventy-five per cent of the profits of
the show will be devoted to the cause of
charity. Mr. Oldham, the superintendent
of tho show, will arrive here on the 27th
inst., and will :it onre take charge of the
preliminary work. Neither pains nor ex
pense will be spared to insure a success
ful show.
Applications for premium lists and en
try blanks have already been received
from New York and Now Orleans. The
premium lists will bo issued next Monday.
The Oakland bench show will open two
weeks alter the close of the San Fran
ci.sco show, and David J. Sinclair will su
perintend it. The judge has not yet been
selected, but it is a foregone conclusion
tnat the Alameda Sportsmen's Associa
tion will not reappoint their last year's
judge.
F. R. Webster will shortly break up his
splendid cocker spaniel kennels at the
Country Club, and tho fine little hunters
of which he is so proud will be scattered
far and wide.
RING & BAKER, 1302 Market street
sell "STANDARD" shirts. • '
YACHT SAILING
OVER THE
BOUNDING DEEP.
At the meeting of the Pacific Interclub
Yacht Association held last— onday even-
Ing Alexander Swanson represented the
Pacific Yacht Club. Two delegates from
each of the following clubs were present:
California. Enclnal and Corinthian. The
South Hay and San Francisco Yacht
clubs were not represented. It was de
cided that the annual regatta of the
association should be held on Admission
day, and that yachts joining the annual
cruise shall rendezvous at Vailejo on
July 3 and i.
Commodore Dr. T. L. Hill of the San
Francisco \acht Club was over at Sau
salito on Sunday working upon Cygnus,
which will sail over to Oakland Creek
to-day for the opening of the California
Yacht Club. Catherine, Will-o'-the-Wisp
and several other representatives of the
San Francisco Yacht Club will also at
tend. E. C. Bartlett'a Frolic, \\\ s.
Goodfellow's La l'aloma, Vice-Commo
dore G. T. S. White's Will-o'-the-Wisp
anii Louie Sutherland's Catherine were
all out sailing last Sunday.
Entiles for any oi the events to be held
on April 21 in connection with the open
ing or the b.ui Francisco Yacht dub may
be made iui:i any member of the regatta
committee before the time set for siari
injj. Medals will be given for the unia
teur events and money prizes for the pro
fessional events.
Charley Bruce's well known sloop Ro
ver is lor sale.
Commodore E. A. Wfltsee's Aggie, flag
ship i/i the Pacific Yacht club, was out
sailing on Sunday, as were also the Lur
line and Sappho.
Freda has come off Stone's "ways" at
Hunters Point and returned to her moor
ings at Tfburon. She spread her canvas
to the breeze last Sunuay, as did also
Frank Baker's Florence. Pinta went up
to Greenbrae on Saturday and returned
to the Cove next day. The colony of arks
during the winter is broken up and
"King" O'Brien and his court are scat
tered. The canvas covers have been
taken oft the Nixie, and Captain Billings
waa busy last Sunday getting her in or
der for the Beafion. He proposes to put
the water tanks under t*.e cockpit, so as
to lift her bead higher out of tne water.
The handsome bait-rater Mistral is being
fitted out, Aeolus nr.<l Wihh are on-th«
"ways" and Wellington's big ark is ap
proaching completion. Frank I.'.iber's
alignon, dismasted; is n<>w v. or.ly boat
left in the iagooo. The Secret, also dis
masted, is lying off the club house and
wondering who her new owners will be.
Seven Bella is fur sale, with all hex
equipment. I!ie Ella will Pail over to the
California Yacht Club opening to-day
and will sail In squadron with the Caii
fornias to-morrow. The jinks commit
!<• nf the" Corinthians has decided after
all to have a farce on opening day and
also BOlne variety items.
The California Yacht Club opening is
set for to-day. The club will give a jinks
at its club house in the evening, and to
morrow there will be a cruise in squad
ron. E. N. Walter's sloop Embla, which
will carry Commodore C. J. Lancaster's
flag this season, is having her spars cut
down, so as to reduce her sail area and
render her a more handy and comfort
able craft.
Vice-Commodore Harold Ward of the
Encinal Yacht Club has his steam launch
Fancy on the "ways." Fawn is ready to
sail and other yachts of tne fleet are be
ing got ready.
GOOD FLY FISHING
ON COAST STREAMS.
Sonoma Creek, which Is one of the
prettiest trout streams on the line of the
San Francisco and Xorth Pacific Hail
road, will doubtless be well stocked with
trout fry this year.
Some six years ago, when the I,a Motte
hatchery was in operation near Glen El
len, trout fishing- on the creek was good
during all months of the season, but
since the stocking of the stream, which
was done by experienced hands, had
ceased the sport gradually faded away.
Some people attribute the poor fishing
of the past three or four years to the
pollution of the waters from the debris
of the asylum, which place is located
near Glen Ellen; but when fishing above
the asylum has been equally poor, then
it becomes patent that something other
than the pollution of the waters has had
something to do with the famng off of
the grand sport that was enjoyed on the
creek some years ago.
With good and intelligent stocking an
nually Sonoma Creek can be made very
popular fishing waters for local anglers.
There is, however, tolerably good sport
at present to be had on the stream. Some
nice creels of trout have been taken dur
ing the past week. Charles H. Linn of
446 California street and John Sloane
caught sixiy very nice pan fish last Sun
day, one of which weighed nearly two
pounds, and on Wednesday last A. Har
rison of Glen Ellen landed fifty trout,
many of .which measured from eight to
twelve inches. Harrison writes: "There
are plenty of fish in the creek, but they
have been slow to bite, because of the
rich food in the stream, but they have
now commenced to take fly and spoon
with avidity."
Paper Mill Creek is holding its record
as the most prolific coast stream in the
State. Good catches have been made on
it this week. The Sh^pard brothers
caught 12ri trout, a few days ago. and
among that number were fifteen fish
that weighed from half a pound to one
pound. •
Jim Orndorff caught some nice trout
last Tuesday in San Gregorio Creek, but
Jim's sport was spoiled after he had
taken an involuntary dip in one of the
deep pools.
Good trout fishing is reported from
Salmon Creek, nenr jjodega, and Dutch
Bill ('r.ek, tn-tween Camp MocKer and
Tyrone station, which is near Russian
River.
A striped bass weighing 25 pounds
was caught in Russian River near Dun
cans Mills last week by an angrier who
was trolling with a Wilson spoon for
steelheads.
The following communication from
Monterey is self-explanatory:
MONTEREY, April In.— Two petitions rela
tive to the frame laws of this county have boon
presented by County Game Warden Godat.
The first asks that the beginning of the trout
season be deferred from April 1 to May 1, be
i uiK trout caught before that time are full
of s:>awn, and the other asks that It be de
< lart-i1 unlawful t» hunt deer with doga of any
kind, on account of the fear of frightening all
the deer out of Monterey County.
Recent advices from Los Gatos do not
give great promise of much lishing in
that vicinity this season, owing to the
fact that what water has gone down Los
Gatos Creek has been taken out of the
stream at Camnbell for irrigation pur
prises, thus stopping it from going to Al
vfso. Tt is not generally known, but it
is true, nevertheless, that the majority
of the fish caup-ht in this creok come
from AIvIbo; they are steclheads. Last
year it is said that thousands of these
Ti*h wf-rp found in the irrigating ditches
near OiUnpbel! after the water had sank
into the ground. Screens should be put
in at the head of all Irrigation ditches
and fish ladders at all dams.
HANDBALL AND
POOL TOURNEYS
The banging and smashing of balls re
bounding from the walls of handball
courts could be heard incessantly during
the week at the Olympic Club. Many
exciting games were played, and the j
tournament is progressing rapidly toward
completion. The results are as follows: i
First class— Hampton beat Morton, 51— ',
37; Morton beat Newman; 51—38; Hamp- :
ton beat James, 51—32; Collins with 15 !
beat Hampton. 51 — 39; Newman beat Cur
ley, 51—23. Second class— Millward beat
Bush, 51—43; Horrin beat Bush, 51—41, j
Bush beat Slavin, 51—12; Herrin beat Sla
vin. 51—29; Slavin beat Pockwitz, 51—39;
Baxtlett beat Taylor, 51—43; Russ beat j
Maloney, 53—31; Bush boat Duffy, 51 — 15; !
Herrin boat Duffy. 51—23. In the third
class Parker, Bostwick and Daniels are ;
cut. Bowman, scratch man in this class, j
is playing the best ball. IChrman, a com
paratlve novice. Is astonishing the third I
class men by his rapid but erratic same.
The pool tournament, which has been
continuing for a few weeks, has worked j
Itself down to the preliminaries of the |
finals. The men to fight it out and the
results in games are:
Handicap. Names. Played. Won. Lost.
90 Martin 7 5 I-
So Nolan 7 f> 2
75 Cunningham 7 5 2
7.') McGlbben 8 7 1
75 Harrlßon 7 G 1
6.-, Grant 7 6 1
65 Willifcrod 7 5 2
6.-> Byrne 8 6 2
60 Pockwitz 7 5 2
TO BATTLE FOR
COLLEGE
CHAMPIONSHIPS.
It will take Stanford some time to re
cover from the shock its baseball men
received last week in the initial game of
the three which are to decide the cham
pionship between the two colleges. With
ten hits but three runs were scored, and
California, with five hits to its credit,
tallied seven times. This distinctly and
unerringly goes to prove what coaching
has lone for the Blue and Gold. With
a paucity of material, Cochran has
evolved a team which by its superior
knowledge of the game snatched a vic
tory when, under the natural laws of
chance, defeat should have been its por
tion.
The difference in the two college nines
this year is readily patent, even to an
unobservant spectator. Stanford has a
hitting team; California has not. Cali
fornia nas a nine of unparalleled fielders.
The same cannot be said for Stanford.
Strange to say, California plays as a team
and uoes not fall apart at critical mo
ments. Stanford needs balance and self
composure, two things which, with their
hitting abilities, wouid be a death knell
to all California's aspirations on the
diamond for this season. One hears on
■ -• -i v ■■• i forma won on !uck last
Saturday; but the old-time professionals
and some of the later products of the
diamond who saw the game rebut
thia sin nuously. Thc-ir verdict is
that California won on its merits
and is likely to do this after
noon in the second game of the series,
unless Stanford plays much better ball
than that of a week ago.
To-day's game is the most important of
all. It means loss of the banner for
Stanford should a second defeat mar
their standards, and will probably meaji
a majority of games for them should the
Cardinal be triumphant. Beckett is a
vastly improved pitcher. He is steady,
accurate and sure, surpassing Kaarsberg
in speed and curves. During the week
he was worked hard for a few days, and
then rested. Shc^han, Stanford's coach,
was prostrated with grief on account of
defeat, but that did not prevent him from
working his men in iieid practice until
their hands were almost sore. The prac
tice has been better in form and team
work, improved upon until the red coats
are now the semblance of a team. But
for California's improvement in stick
work ami a sustention of their splend.d
field operations there is no reason why
Stanford should not win the match to
day. That the gam mbe closely fought
every indication as .vs. Devoid of acci
dents, a hot struggle s ovid be seen.
With the exception of Bride, first base
man for tho Blue and Gold, the team has
been in perfect condition physically. Bride
is suffering from a severe cold, but will
play in the gamp. The teams will line
up in tho samo order as last week, unless
changes are decided upon at a very late
hour. Following is the order.
California. Position. Stanford
T Mier Catcher Stronn
Kaarsberg Pitcher Beckett
Bride First base Young
McLaren Second base Harris
P-ior Third base Klauber
McCabe Shortstop.Lougheed (cap.)
Cheeseborough. Left field Murphy
Hoag (capt.) Center field Wight
Collraa Right field Swindells
Even though baseball is the more im
mediate subject of interest to collegian?!
it is forced to the wall by the absorbing
attention accorded to field sports by the
enthusiastic college youth. Next Saturday
the two colleges meet in the ann-ial field
day, and the struggle will be unto death
The return of Brunton to Stanford has
brightened things at Palo Alto. Brunton
is confiniim- his training particularly to
tho Fhort sprint, in which he strikes his
element. Drum of California is also
working his logs off for this special event.
Much mrvnov has already been bet on both
sides. California roller; upon Drum's per
formance in th° field day lr. t year; Stan
ford on Bni'iton'^ superior condition this
spring, allied with a natural ability ■ hich
they claim makes him a transcendent
athlote.
At Berkeloy sic-. ness attacked the oamn
during the week, the result being a filling
of the sh lvos by tho laid-nff men. . rum
strained a muscle, hut. owin" to imme
d.ato attention. - is now on his feet
aernln. Walsh, the walkor. was down with
the errirt. Ho will, however, bo out on tho
track for tho lnpt practice nn Monday.
Woolspy and Guiberson were also laid
off threo days on account of ill-health.
At one time Lean, tho tralnpr, was in
charge of a noppltal, but it was nothing
more than a wave of colds and coughs
that struck Berkeley. In a few days he
pxpects to have a team which he' calls
"sanus mens In sa.no corpore." Thp diffi
culty over the bicycle race has at last
been settled. It wi . be held on "Wednesday
afternoon at San Jose.
CHAMPION RACQUET
WIELDERS AT WORK.
Tennis players are fondly waiting for
the reports of the great Ojai Valley tour
nament, probably the most Important
ever held In California, The general be
lief is that the north will be triumphant
over the south in every battle. The Whit
neys and Hardys left the city last
Wednesday evening: for the valley, and a
gathering of tennis players was at the
ferry to wish them success and victory.
Rarely has any tennis tournament caused
as much interest as this which will be
completed to-day. In the minds of those
who know a thine or two about tennis
ttfere is no doubt concerning the result
of the tournament; that the Whitney and
Hardy freres will win not only the major
ity of matches, but every one played, is
their firm belief. However, they will find
strong men oppobed to them, and they
will have to play to carry off the palms.
At the California Club some very good
matches were played during the week,
and arrangements mnde for others to
follow next week. On Monday the oft
postponed match between Miss Hoffman
and Miss Mason for the club champion
ship in singles will be played. In mixed
doubles Sumner Hardy and Miss Clark
cleared the courts with sweeping: victor
ies. Miss McLeran. a fair visitor from
the south, played several matches on tho
courts during the past week and taught
the young lady players something of the
game. With Miss Tsabelle Sherwood of
Alameda she defeated Miss Winifred
Sherwood and Miss Mann 6—l. Miss Mc-
Loran and Joe Daly defeated the Misses
■Sherwood 6—2. 6=2.
Of the players who went south Robert
N. Whitney was the only one who did
not put in a week of practice. Sumner
and Sam Hardy put up good games in
practice. Sam Hardy beat Walter Magee
four out of five sets. George Whitney
beat Bradshaw 6—l,6 — 1, B—6, 6—2.
Every day the inhabitants of tho United
Kingdom wear away £200,000 worth of
shoe leather.
CYCLERS PREPARE.
FOR THE
MAY RELAY RACE,
The near approach of the annual 100
mfle relay race indulged in by the cycling
clubs around the bay is marked by the
number of road races and "try-outs" be
ing held each Sunday.
To-morrow there will be three of these
road races, held by the Olympic, Bay
City and Imperial clubs. The Olympic
race commands the most prominence, be
cause of the number of entries and tho
fact that a "record sanction" has been
secured, in the hope that one of the rid
ers may eclipse the best previous per
formance. The race is lor live miles,
from San Leandro to Haywards, start
ing at 11 a. m. The following are the
entries and handicaps: E. F. Kuss, K.
A. Bozio, George Fuller, George Tantau,
J: E. Wing, scratch; E. O. Kragness, H.
D. Bean, E. G. Stanley, 25 seconds; L.
H. Smith, G. E. Kroetz, J. W. Kingsley.
45 seconds; Frank E. Carroll, M. M. Cook,
O. J. Ford, J. H. Nash, 1 minute; Charles
Stone, William Cartwright, 1:30; Georga
James, R. B. Bowman, 2:30.
The Bay City Wheelmen will hold a,
ten-mile road race from Fruitvale to Hay«
wards to-morrow at 12 o'clock, as a sort
of try-out to select men for the coining
relay race. Captain Larkin will taka
over a club run on the it a. m. boat, in
cluding spectators for tho road race ana
"rooters' for the club's ball game with
the California^.
The Imperial Cycing Club will also hold
a ten-miie try-out, having relay aspira
tions of its own. The club has soma
strong riders in Bozio, Lind, Mack and
others, and tiiis try-out may develop soma
new material.
At the Elmhurst track and ball grounds
to-morrow there will be several events
of interest. F. Jurgwetz, of the Enci
nal Cj elers, will meet 11. Ross In a five
mile pursuit race. Tho features of the
day's sport will be a two-mho amateur
tandem handicap. The Bay City Wheel
men's and California Cycling Club's base
ball teams will also meet in a schedule
game under the auspices of the Cycle
Clubs' Baseball League.
The entries and handicaps for the tan
dem handicap are as follows: A. P.
Deacon and G. A. Wyrnan, Reliance,
s<r;uch; E. J. Smith and P.»M. Lefevre,
Acme, 25 yards; G. E. Kroetz and Q. W.
Tantau, Olympic, •& yards; Davidson
brothers, Bay City, 50 yards; Stanley and
Bean, Olympic, 50 yards; Noonan and X.
ML Oilman, Bay City, 75 yards; John a.
Egan and 1. R. Lind, Imperial, 100 yards;
Captain Curtis and A. T. Smith, Encinal,
125 yards; Rayiwud brothers, Bay City,
ISO yards. The race will be run in three
heats, three teams in eacn heat, and a
linal.
Captain A. P. Beacon of the Reliance
Club Wheelmen will meet A. T. Smith ol
the EncinaJ Cyclers at live miles, paced,
on April 24, ai Klmhurst.
The Enclnal Cyclers of Alameda will
have a club run to Piedmont Springs to
morrow under Captain Curtis. On May
1 the club will hold a live-mile handi
cap road race from San Loandro to Hay
warda, for which a large number of the
members are actively training.
Frank 11. Kerrigan, pi evident of the
Bay City Wheelmen, has just returned
from a business trip to Southern Can
iornia.
The Garden City Wheelmen of San Josa
will holu a big barDecue at Alum Rock
on Sunday, May 1, and intend inviting all
the ban Francisco and Aianieua County
clubs to participate.
The Eagle Cycling Club of Napa re
cently ele< ted the following ofheers: Pres
ident, Daniel Scully; vice-president, A.
liarr; treasurer, Edward Amstulz; linan
cial secretary, James Keyser; recording
secretary, isdward Frantz; captain,
frank Jaekle.
The Cycle Board of Trade held its an
nual meeting the other evening, and tha
following directors were elected for tho
ensuing year: James M. Hamilton, O.
P. Marwedel, J. W. Kenney, P. H. Ber
nays, Edwin :\iohng, John \V. Lieavitt, b.
G. Chapman, George W. Peyton, Rober*
C. Lennie, John G. North, William Mor
rill and Robert Malcolm. They will elect
the omcers for the ensuing year from
among themselves at the next regular
meeting, in May.
The Garden City Wheelmen of San Josq
recently elected the following officers:
President, J. B. Lamkin; vice-president,
Edgar Johnson; secretary-treasurer, h.
_L. Miller; captain, Alvin Hostetter; 'first
lieutenant. Tuny Delnias; second lieuten
ant, Ray Johnston; color bearer, Hardy
Downing; bugler, James Arguello; direc
tors, Dr. Schumacher, Joseph Desimono
Al Hubbard, A. S. Hale and Joseph Del
mas.
Ex-Captain Joe Jury of the Garden
Citys will depart for Alaska in a few
days, and the boys at the club intend
giving him a good "send-off."
"Plugger Bill" Martin went East Sun
day nignt, after being unable to find any
one else on the coast, save "Bob" Ter
rill, who would race him a five-mile pur
suit match for a side bet and purse.
Floyd McFarland got "cold feet" when
he heard how easily Martin defeated bi*
Terrill. "
Captain Loos has called a club run of
the Olympic Club Wheelmen for Hay
wards to-morrow to witness the club's
road race. Take the 9 o'clock broaa
gauge boat, and lunch at The Villa.
A. P. Deacon, Reliance Club, and J. B.
Wing, Olympic, are matched for a five
mile, paced, race at Elmnurst on May 1.
Nearly twenty tandem teams will be em
ployed to do the pacing.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a big
theater party at the Tivoli next Wednes
day nignt, as a compliment to "Bob"
Mitchell, the ex-amateur, now appearing
there.
The great Sacramento-Stockton 100-mila
relay race comes off on Sunday, April
24, and there is a good deal ••; interest
attaching to it in these two cities. Tlij
San Francisco-San Jose-Alameda 100-mile
relay is on Sunday, May S, and will prob
ably be entered by but seventeen teams
this year— the Garden City Cyclers, Olym
pic Club Wheelmen, Acme Club Wheel
men, Bay City Wheelmen, Reno Wheel
men, Reliance Club Wheelmen and the
Imperial Cycling Club. The Olympic
Cyclers cannot raise a team, and the Cal
ifornia, Encinal, Santa Rosa and San
Francisco clubs will stay out this year.
H. W. SPALDINU.
AN EMERGENCY ROLL.
Plan to Recruit for First Regiment,
!tT. G. C. — The New Service
Uniforms Are Here.
At a meeting of the Board of Officers of
the First Regiment of Infantry, N. G. C,
held last Thursday night, it was re
solved to open an emergency company roll
at each of the two armories. The pur
pose of this is to enable any of the ex-
National Guardsmen,' who, for various
reasons, were honorably discharged from
the service, to be ready to again become
members of any of the companies they
might desire. It is not, at this time, the
Intent to muster the men who may sign
the emergency roll, but to have them
ready at short notice should the occa
sion arise for their services.
These rolls will be opened on Monday
night at the Ellis street armory, where
those who may desire to enroll their
names with the companies that meet
there that night will have an opportun
ity to do so. The rolls will also be opened
at the Page street armory, where two
companies will meet for drill that night.
Every night next week the armories will
be open on company nights and In addi
tion there will be at each armory an of
ficer who will impart information as to
where the members of the consolidated
companies, that is, those which belong
to the regiments that were mustered out
under the plan of reorganization, can be
found, as there are, no doubt, a great
number of ex-Guardsmen who would pre
fer to be with old companions-in-arms.
Most of the service uniforms that were
ordered for the National Guard several
weeks ago have been receiwd in this
city and are now in a warehouse, and
will be ready for distribution in a short
time, as soon as a proper form of re
ceipts Is drawn up.
Park Comnissioner Austin.
Park Commissioner Joseph Austin 1s
confined to his bed suffering from a bad
attach of the grip. He complai-icd of
being ill a few days ago, but paid very
little attention to his ailment. Contrary
to the wishes of his physician, ho left h*3
home before he was thoroughly well, and
as a result he had a .relapse.- His case
was further aggravated late Wednesday
by a dangerously large abscess which
formed in his oar. and since then his con
dition has demanded constant attention
from Dr. : Overend. the specialist. . His
condition was ; somewhat -, Improved yes
terday, and hopes are entertained that he
will bo out in the course of. a few day*
1314
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897. In pursuance of the Provisipgs of
Section 8, fJrticle XI, of tbe Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I-BOrNDARTKS. RIGHT 3
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICL' n— LEGISLATIVE DEPAI :
MENT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter 11-Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Vl l— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
Chapter I-Board of Public Works.
Chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets,
r£n PerP er 111-Opening of Streets
Chapter IV-Sewers and Drainage
Chapter V-Harbors and Wharves!
ARTICLE VII PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES. •
HUaKe e r {F-SSS,] 0 / "°°-
Edu^ P tion. ni - PoWers ° f the Board of
Chapter IV-Superintendeht of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION l. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
by that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In ail matters
and proceedings; may have an:! use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real ->nd personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, In fee simple, or
in trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out th~ purposes of > uch gifts,
bequests and donations, Aith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of thi- gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code of California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may he brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover: of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equity, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which th^city and County is a party,
ehall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
Btreet, avenue, lane, alley, court or
placo. or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
paid defects originally existed, or
whether th*»y were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shall there
he any recourse against the City and
County fo*- damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
nccidenton any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, cnurt or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or Into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch
ca.se the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
fidewalk. street or public highway, or
fn the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
genre such defect remains unrepaired
chall be jointly and severally liable to
the party injured for the damage sus
tained.
aETICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTEK I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co shall be vested in a legislative body,
which ehall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE VH-Contlnued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII — POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotioxis, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IK-FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CIML SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV-PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI-MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body Is also desig
nated in this Charter, the Supervisors.
Sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
6hall consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Ea.h one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or 6hall receive an annual salary of
twelv • hunJred doll s.
Every person \\ho has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a Journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly 6r contemptuous
, behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis-
o rs. In the absence of the Mayor the
: Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
i as other members.
Sec. 6. The B. ard shall meet on
■ Monday of each week, or if that day be a
; legal h>liHay, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
; other place than to its r ar place of
| meeting, except In case of great neces-
I city or emergency. The meetings of
i the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do bo, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services aa may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
! leases, grants and other documents
I records and papers of the City and
| County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
1 Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
! City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
; Gained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco us follows "
i No ordinance shall be passed except by
. bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose
Sec. 9. No bill si all become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
' less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
'■ against the same be entered in the
i Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
i vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to its; tltte but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
j but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed In Its title. If any subject
, be embraced in an ordinance and not
i expressed in Its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Bee. 12. When a bill is put upon its
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
final passage In the Board md fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon-
Eider, the vote upon such motion shall !
r.ct be acted upon before the expira- j
tion of twenty-four hours after ad- i
Journment. No bill for the grant of I
any franchise shall be put upon its '
final passage within ninety days after !
Its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed before one year prior to Its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af- ;
ter amendment, be laid ever for one ;
week before Its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
h ndred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published In the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a like
period before final action thereon. But
In cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces-
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or item>
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Er.ch item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shnli
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
it he shall sipn it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
it he shall specify his objections there
to in writing. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above spertfied. it shall take ef
fect as if he had approved It. The ob
jections of tho Mayor shall be entered
at laree in the Journal of tho Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be apain passed by the affirmative vote
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presidir.fr officer shall
certify that fact on the hill or resolu
tion, and when so certified. th« bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by the
Mayor. Tf the bill or resolution rhallfnll
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members votincr for
and aerainst the same shall be entered
in the Journal.
See. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall he deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at lenerth in a ernitnble bonk.
Pec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted In
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollarsshall be presented to the
Mayor for s approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provide" for th-> pr.ssatre
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of money oth^r
than salaries or wages, when th<?
amount exee»ds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and leeal Vioiidays ex
cepted> In the official newspaper.
Sec. 20. ■""' le . r there shall be pre
sented to the of Election Com
missioners a TPtition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fi'tern p r
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such p^Mtion, 'ie subr ..ted
to a vote of th electors o, h? City -md
County, the Board ( f Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to V.i& vote of the ele» .o- t
the next electim.
The sigr turrs to the petition n^ed
1 not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his plenatu— «
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
I each such paper shall ike oath be
fore an officer -ompetent o admin ter
oath 3, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signatu.o
to the paper appended is the genuin ■
; signature of the person whose name
I purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used in such election
I shall contain the words "FOR THE
I ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
i the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORTJTNANrE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
! nance).
If a majority of the votes erst r <m
| such orJinai ~<» si. ill b» in fa 'or of the
! adoption there< ". the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
ralm such fa<* : nd upon such prccla
metion such ordinance shall ljave the
same force and effect as an ordinan- i
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the. same
shall not be rppealed iiy the Supervi
i sors. But the Supervisors may f*urV»*t
a proposition for the repeal of sunh
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for \jte at any succeeding election: and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes
thereon at such flection, such ordi
nance shall oe repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 2 L Except as - otherwise -pro
vided in the 'Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided In this Char
ter, every orilnar. ;e in /olvlnar the
granting by the. City and County of
any franc? '<=o for. the supply <of light
or water, or for the least r sale of any
public utility, or for thepurchaseof land
of more than fifty thousand ■„ dollars in
value must be submitted : to the v »c
of the elect- -3 of th City and Oounty
at the election next ensu'.ng after the
adontion of ■ -ich oruinance". a : .
'.;■ The tickets used ■, at such election
shall contain the words "FOR ; THE
ORDINANCE" (stating t c nature of
the i proposed ■' ordi nee) and
"AGAINST Thi! ORDINANCE" (stat
ing; the nature ro:f the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the. votes cast upon,
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
adoption : thereof. th" Board. of Ele .ion
Commissioners r shall; /within thlr I.'1 .'
days fro: i t' ; .time of 'such -lection,
proclaim such fact: and upon such
reclamation such ordinance shall have
th" ' same ■ force : and ; ; effect, as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor. .
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of ; any public utility ■■■ or purchase » of
land shall .be of any force or effect iex
cept it V" mad^'by; ordinance/ and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in th's section provided. rl
Sec. •*. 22. 'Whenever -there ' shall \ ' be
presented to the "Supervisors a petition
sign . d by" .;; number of ; voters ; equal :& : \
fifteen ; per centum, of the votes cas I ' at
the last orecedinsr: State or municipal
I election, asking that an amendment or
{ amendmc. , t this Charter, to be set
■ out In such petition, be submittr" to
i th* people, the Board must submit, to.
i the vote of the. electors of the City and
county the: proposed amendment or
; amendments.
i The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each j
1 signer shall add to his signature his i
: place of residence, giving the street
ian • number. . One of the signers of
; each such paper shall make oath be
i i, c: ;i an W ~er competent to administer j
j oaths that the mateme:.ts made therein
| are true and that each signature to
I si.en paper appenOc* Is the gen-. : 'c.
signature of the nerson whose name
purports to be there' subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners I
: must make all necessary prov'plon for
! submitting the proposed amendment or
] ■amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it. and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other c?s i of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject in
i this section provided for are hereby ex
! pressly made applicable to such pro
| posed amendment or amendments. But
! ! . f a . t any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
I then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc *.he
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be held within sixty days after the
filing of such petition.
-i ne tickets used at such election
•yl a contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
or ~ the proposed amendment) and
AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the vote" cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
ue in favor of the adoption "hereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such ton. proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor- igly.
CHAPTES, 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter obtained, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power: •. ■ .• .
1. To . ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee spary local, police, sani
tary and other laws an 1 regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of .lifornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and ~ unty.
3. ' To permit the laying down of rail
| road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks j
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such restric
tions as net to interfere with the US3 of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit i impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which J
wooden bui" igs or structures nhall j
not be erected, placed or maintained, |
and to prohibit the same ■vithin such j
limits. Such limits when once estab- ,
lished shall not be hanged except by j
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement rf
summary removal of any nu!ss.nce and
to condemn r.n<i to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe structures.
" To regulate the use of hackneycar
rlages and public passenger vehicles,
ar.d to fix the rates to be charged for
i the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggr ge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all necc y rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
e.ruction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deien
tion of witnesses and persor- charged
with insanity, separate and -part from
places where criminals or persons r.c
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain - id regu
lnt<\ and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and Ccunty, and for flush-
Ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use rf v ater, heat,
light or power, supplied to the City and
j County, or \~i the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
| no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business In the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
m'-sioners as provided in tMa C xrter.
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasury from fines col
lected on convic on of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof to any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
rompensat:on to the Interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
C urt. to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars In any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a folony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or p»rv
. ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation: provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any cale-dar day. and that tt
minimum wages of laborers shall be
two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
struction of tunnels, under such rules
and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. \To convey lands in accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof." ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter o%vned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the u-e of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County:
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contirgent
fund, for which he need furnish no
voucbert
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once In
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond Is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of ac ount of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If.
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear thnt a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before a*iy further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
Its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment; and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City and County
in lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use. operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to tfie City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
Buretles to be approved by the Mayor
in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all cf the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case The same shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
such bids _nd award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as In this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must t- In accordance wi h the provis
ions of this Charter In relation to bids
made to the Board of P Mic Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors -.iay reject any
and all bids, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of tr* 1 route for
which application was made. "! cry
ordinance making such grant shall re
quire the concurrenceof three-fourthsof
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power In the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of. the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the '
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide I
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranted. and that the Board shall
at all time's have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad .ranchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance uthorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by j
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
Its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of ■
the electors of the City and County j
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County.' and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a j
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election ' :
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date i
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made In accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors i
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from '
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re- ;
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons. puMic Insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for
not less than ten days in the official
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided In this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
o^her necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
' year and it shall have no power to
! purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions In this Charter provided
ias to competitive, bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
i shall be made for any of the same un
< less upon such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
i with a certificate of deposit or certified
i check on a solvent bank in the City
: and County of ten per centum on th»
amount of the bid, payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk. of the Supervis
! ors. If the bidder to whom the con
j tract is awarded shall for five cays af
■ ter such award fall or neglect to enter
1 into the contract and file the required
i bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
• due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same into the treas
: ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
i the proceeds thereof be returned to
: such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
■ the aforesaid articles shall mention
; said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
, be found in the office of the Clerk of
l the Board of Supervisors; and shall
' also state that such articles are to be
; delivered at such times, in such quan
j tities, and in such manner, as the Su
; pervisors may designate. Any bidfie?
! may bid separately for any article
I named. The award as to each art loin
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
I bidder for such article, and where a bid
\ embraces more than one article, the
j Supervisors shall have the right to ac-
I cept or reject such bid or the bid for
- any one or more articles embraced
' therein. In the case of contracts for
; subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
! article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and the
existing and probable number of per
1 sons to be supplied. No article or ar
! ticles provided for in this section shall
! have been made in any prison. Tha
: Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
, formance of every contract. The Clerk
of the Supervisors shrill furnish print
ed blanks for nil such proposals, con
tracts and bond.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
■ by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
i pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in th»
i advertisement for proposals, in th«
i presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. All
bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
: tion- and rejection by the Supervisors
, and by the person in char — of the of
nee. Institution or department fop
which the sane are supplied Ever*
contract for work to be performed tot
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor in the
execution of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall be null and
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of snch misfea
, sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
'< vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder' publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
' and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
1 upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for^different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notices
Inviting proposals and nil notices nT
every nature relating to City work. No
part or kind of such advertising snail
be charged or contracted for at a nign
pr rate than any other part or kind l of
the same Is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
The newspaper to which the award
of such advertising In made shall be
known and designated as the official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest Re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from air other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors.
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under th. direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and ofHces of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall ba
separate from tho<=e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now usfd or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or .hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
conE'^'itively numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount cf the bond that will be
required as security for the perform- •
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him. and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired. •
He shall keep accounts in detail,
charging hlmsel! with all goods: re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided. ,' "When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount ;of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and delivered to
! any department or officer.
- Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
! County, 7 or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder In se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
j terial or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that proposed \y any other
bidder, or v*. * 3hall favor one bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis
lead ; any bidder, in regard ;to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
i terials or supplies of a quality inferior
' to that called for by the contract, or
i who shall knowtagly certify to a great
; er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to ;• tJ.e re-
I ceipt : of a greater amo :nt or differentkinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed I
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re- !
moved from office.
Sec. o. All contracts provided for in '
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and !
\County by the Mayor. Ali such con- i
|f::acts must be countersigned by the
I'ierk of the Supervisors, and register- j
ed by number and date in a book kept j
by him f. <r that purpose. When a con- I
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awarded to him or to perform the same, I
new bids must he Invited, aifd a con- j
tract awarded as provided herein In
the first instance. When the Supervis
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or thai bidders h;:\e combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
Interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bids and cause.
the notice for proposals to be readver
tised.
Pec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to nay for gas, electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for Meriting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas. electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER I,
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards 'and
commissions of the City and County
Bhall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate in writing of the amount of ex
"^ penditure, specifying in detail the ob
jects thereof, required in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
sent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b -ore the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
and sinking funds for all outstanding
: funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each fund in the treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of income
: : from fines, licenses and other sources
.■ of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
U property, and the probable amount re
i\ quired to be levied and raised by taxa
•! tion.
I' Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
ray the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit" and County
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared in such de
tail as to the aggregate sum and the
Items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
: budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
: sufficient Ime or times as may be
■. necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
; : heard in regard thereto, and the Super
: ■ visors shall attend at the time or times
U) bo appointed for such hearin 1 *
i ] Sec. 4. Any item in said budget may.
" i within ten days, be vetoed in whole or
■ 1 in part by the Mayor, and it shall re
: ; quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
:I to overcome such veto. Action thereon
[[ must be" taken before the last Monday
: l of June.
.'; After the final estimate Is made in
.••' accordance herewith, it shall be signed
| by the Mayor and the vlerk of the Su
j pervisors, and V several sums shall
: . then be appropriated for the ensuing
i fiscal year to the several purposes and
\ departments th-rf in name". The esti
i mate shall be filed in the office of the
. Auditor.
■! Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
? tb be raised annually according to law,
: and collected by tax. the amounts so
• ; appropriated, less the amounts re
:; reived from fines, licenses and other
| sources of revenue.
■'. - Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
• ; vlded in this Charter, no money shall
■ .; Tie drawn from the treasury unless in
■ consequence of appropriations made
V.) by the Supervisors and upon warrants
: ■ duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
} Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
; except upon an unexhausted specific
■ I appropriation.
; Sec. 8. The Super '-ors may appro
; priate thirty-Fix thousand dollars a
i year for urgent necessities not other
. wise provided for- »»— law. No money
. shall be paid out of this appropriation
:j unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
••' f>* all the membe s of the Board of
■ Supervisors and approved by the
■ Mayor.
: Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
.' Supervisors, or for nnv board, depart
. ment, office r or authority having power
i to incur, authorize or contract liabili
' tl<*3 against the treasury, to incur, au
; thorlze, allow, contract for. pay or ren
; der payable in the present or future, in
j any one month, any expenditure, de
• mand or demands, against any appro
'• priation. which, taken with all other
■ expenditures, indebtedness or liability
; made or incurred up to the time in
• ruch month of making or incurring the
: Fame, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
>• the amount of the appropriation for
• the fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer having inwer to incur liabilities
.against the treasury shall make any
agreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
• ment, officer or board shall register
V.uch agreement by number and date.
and all demands arising under such
" 'agreement shall be payable in the or
der of such registration. Such depart
; ment, board or officer must Inform the
• person with whom It is proposed to
make such a-reement of the amount of
money available or likely f« *<-•> avail
able In the fiir^ from which such de
; m^nds are payable.
If, at the beginning of any month,
\ a money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
: have been expended during the pre
■ ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
. upon such appropriation, may be car- j
; rl^d forward and expended In any sue
; ceeding month of such fiscal year: but I
: not afterward, except In payment of
: claims lawfully incurred during such
•' fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart- '
ments: and for urgent necessities,
shall be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Sec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding or of any force,
unless the Auditor shall indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein I
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, .suffi- ;
cient to p.- the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by i
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies' furnished. Involving
the expenditure /■' '•wt'-'i '" -> ><«-/,
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
Is required by law to be > done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
litor shall make such Indorse
ment upon every such contract so j
presented to him, if there remains un- i
applied and unexpended such amount [
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense in
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury' authorised to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded Indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars" valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors in making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
stispended so as to 'enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing In this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and,paid
into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds, in the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The Income and revenue
5 aid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
;. a paid Into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneyscom
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes , nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liq .idation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and.
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon s deposited with the
Treasurer on rpecial deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining !
at the end of any fiscal yea ■ in any in- j
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School j
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library j
Fund, the Flr-.nen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension !
Fund, and the Public Building Fund j
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the I
treasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid ;.t the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable j
to Its payment, may be paid out of any j
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AXD COrNTY OF SA^T FRAXCISCO.
' money which may subsequently come
' into the proper fund from delinquent
i taxes or other uncollected income or
| revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de- quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
: of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
: credit of any sinking fund in the treas
; ury a sum not less than twenty thou
: sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund ... applicable,
which are not leemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor. Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the : -rrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After euch advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
; all moneys accruing to the City and
i County from any source, and all
, moneys directed by law or this Char
i ter to be paid or deposited in the
, treasury, shall be paid into the treas
j ury. All officers or persons collecting
' or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury-. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
| pay out or disburse such moneys, or
i any part thereof, upon any allowance,
i claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or Indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serT
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed: and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys In a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
! officer must prepare and deliver from
j time to time to the Treasurer, and to
: every officer authorized by law to
i charge any fee, commission, percent
. age. allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
' or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
■ the Treasurer or other officer receiving
i them. Such official receipts must be
i bound into books containing not less
; than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
i provided with a stub corresponding in
; number with receipt. When the books
! containing receipts are exhausted by
i the officer receiving them, he shall re-
I turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, tire nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt is issued by
any officer -other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the rlay and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him. and shall make corre
sponding: entries on the stub to which
such receipt is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report tinder oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not Issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the precedin.tr month
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
snowing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener'
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Pec. io. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
tionment" to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
ti<>ned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer wh<^ is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements unon the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference tp the fund out
of which it is payable.'
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law: or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days ..fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
tw*enty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account in any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payabje; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it "shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as ojtthe day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dolla*o
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
] All of said appointees shall hold their
| positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
1 observe the official conduct of all
public officers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
1 fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
■ ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept in legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shall suspend the delinquent officer or
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall :rom time to time
| recommend to the proper officers of
; the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall' see that the laws
of thf? State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
•! He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
<at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
i pose he may use and command the po
'■■ lice force. If such police force is in
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid in the manner
! provided by law, so that such riots or
: tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
i of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
: when it shall come to his knowledge
; that any contract or agreement with
i the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
I matter. A willful failure to do so shall
i be cause for the removal of such officer
:or employee. The Mayor shall give a
! certificate on demand to any person
i reporting such facts and information
i that he has done so, and such certifi
i cate shall be evidence in exoneration
, from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
'< tions or proceedings as may be neces
j sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
: the City and County to any person, com
j pany or corporation which have been
- forfeited in whole or in part or which
i for any reason are illegal and void and
| not binding upon the city. The City
• Attorney on demand of the Mayor
1 must institute and prosecute the neces
j sary actions to enforce the provisions
i of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may be passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor thall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for in this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened:
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor is temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of the Board
shall he chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in" the office of Mayor,
it shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER XI.
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
I shall be designated the Auditor. He
j shall be an elector of the City and
I County at the time of his election and
! must have been such for at least five
; years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
i the exact condition of the treasury and
j every demand upon it. He shall be in
! personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
in his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
| their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge- of his official duties,
I as the Board of Supervisors may des
i ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
I a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
i lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
| pay no money out of the treasury cx
i cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
! ing for the payment of any demand out
jof the treasury or any fund thereof
| (whether from public funds or from pri
i vate funds deposited therein) shall al
i ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
; amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
1 appropriation drawn, out of what fund
! payable, and, if previously approved
; or allowed, by what officer, department
i or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
I for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 6. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
; lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
! tion or person in any manner indebted
Ito the City and County, except for
( taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
j sented, passed, approved and allowed
j as herein required; nor in favor of any
j officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER IIL
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas- I
j urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
j next preceding such time. He shall
| be elected by the people, and hold his
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol- i
lars, which shall be in full compensa- i
tien for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive ;
an annual salary of twenty-four hun- ;
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal- i
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and !
one clerk who shall receive an annual
Balary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not i
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the ■
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en- ■
ter in the proper book the exact amount
of money on band. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the |
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con- I
dition of the treasury, showing the '
amount of receipts into and pay
! ments from the treasury, and j
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
i liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging j
to each fund separate and distinct, and !
shall in no case pay demands chargea- i
ble against one fund out of moneys be- i
longing to another. He shall be in per- I
sonal attendance at his office each day j
during office hours. No fees of any ;
kind shall be retained by him, but the -
same, from whatsoever source received !
or derived, shall be paid by him into j
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the j
moneys in the treasury, there shall be ]
provided a joint custody safe in which \
shall be kept the moneys of the City i
and County. Said safe shall have two j
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The i
Treasurer shall have the knowledge j
of one combination and the Auditor of |
the other. The Auditor shall be joint !
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but j
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc- |
tion with the Treasurer, when request- '•
ed to do so in his official capacity, and !
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept in bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each, j
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag ;
shall be attached a tag showing the j
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with- j
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall '
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity j
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the j
Deputy Auditor shall perform his dv- !
ties. The estimated amount of money j
required daily for the payment of de- i
mands against the treasury shall be i
taken from the joint custody safe and ;
kept in another safe; and the money j
therein shall be bßlnnced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall i
make out and sign two receints for the
money, Such receipts shall bo alike, !
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear thp word "Original." and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts ;
shall be numbered and dated, and shall '
specify the amount, on what account '
and from what person or officer re- \
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a j
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and ;
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the date of its de- j
livery to him, and charge"the Treas- j
urer with the amount specified there- J
in. and file the receipt in his office.
Sfc. 5. No demand shall be paid by i
| the Treasurer unless it specify each j
I several item, date and amount compos
j ing it, and refer by title, date and
j section to the law. or ordinance or pro
: vision of this Charter authorizing the
same: but the allowance or npproval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
; of any department, board or officer, of
I any demand which is not authorized !
; by law or this Charter, and which upon :
; its face appears not to havp been ex- ;
| presslv made payable out of thp funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. fi. Ever^ lawful demand upon
j the treasury, audited and -allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in nil cns»s
be paid u^on presentation, if there be
i sufficient money in the treasury, ap- •
I plicable to the payment of such de- i
I mand, and on canopied with j
| a punch, cutting the word "Canceled" !
therein, and thp proper entry thereof
made. If. however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall !
| be registered in a book kept for that
■ purpose by the Treasurer. Such re.sis;
; ter shall show the special number given i
j by the Supervisors or other authority, j
1 and also by the Auditor to each de- j
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provision* of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars; twen
ty-one clerks who shall each receive
an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of the
year not more than one hundred clerka
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of the
State.
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years.* He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to b^
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. He
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees op
charges of any kind or on any ac~
count, the full amount of nil taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
and not previously paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due upon the
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered: but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license Is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from time
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City an<J County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named in such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once in
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury-
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chi f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alaryof t—^nty-four hundred dol
lars: three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars: and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollars-
CHAPTER VII.
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time oi
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the pc >ple and ho»d office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual saiary ol
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive ar
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensatio at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate tc
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take intohis custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and pu^ers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount pa*u for recording the
same, and shail number, consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SUCTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the pity an.. County
may appoint not t" exceed five inter
preters of foreign) language*, who shall
act as such Interpreters in criminal ac
tions arm proceedings in all the courts
in the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. .. 'ihe stenographers in the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall each receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for ail services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER 11.
The City Attorney.
SECTION" 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and \\..u shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
He shall be el< cted by the people and
shall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be a the time of his
eiection an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts o£ this State, and he must
have been bo Qualified For at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha- devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or In equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin - exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vi<-e, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing:, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit - and County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation ho is ordered to
do so b - the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
Office all written communications and
opinions Riven by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears; and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County is interested.
Sec. 4. He : hall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statute?!, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County', to his successor in office,
■who shall "-ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
■with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars: the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and" the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars: and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nino hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been po qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
mossenerer shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his nleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION l. The District Attorney
shall he elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for ; t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He shall draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with the Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received hr him in his official
capacity durir- the preceding three
months: keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the proceedings therein; and
give, when required, without fee. ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Sec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him in the
discharge of his official duties, three of
•whom shall act as prosecutors in the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall act as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
"When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such nrosecut-
Ing attorneys In the Police Court are
not actually engaged In work connected
■with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney, for
any service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two years next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
ftJso apoaint cse ciiitf xl&r&jizh^.jihaJX.
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollarß.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under judgments for the recovery
of lines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and. County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
.shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators 'if
counties hy the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wipe specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
!<.w.Vi by law to the Public Administra
tors.of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws <>f this State, and in addition
thereto sh.'ill attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all bonks, papers and
records which may be riled or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, In
his custody.
CHAPTER VI.
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall he
! elected by the people, and he shall hold
office fnr two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
: him hy law; but said salary shall be
: exclusive of the compensation received
I by him from the State for the delivery
■ of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to the State asylums for
j the insane. He shall have all the pow
i ers conferred, and shall discharge all
| the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
j of counties by the general laws of this
t State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars: one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by his depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
! County of San Francisco a Court to be
i known as the Police Court of the City
! and County of San Francisco. Said
! Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They shall each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
I hundred dollars. They shall be electors
! of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of th,e Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
j shall be divided Into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at thje same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and^two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their numbera
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at guch session.
Sec. 2. Th«. Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors.
Concurrent jurisdiction with
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies : committed in the City and
County. ; :
;.'.. Third— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all -criminal actions, cases, examina
y^yps and P r p>jft >> d | n.y t ; . HJB ?**^ TU£2> W
nHAITOm TUT? THE CITY AXD COUXTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be. hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace: provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken. -
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney, shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five j
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement. - .
Third— person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either j
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the j
same be done in open court, shall be j
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth— A complaint may be demur- ,
red to on the ground that it does not j
Bet forth the offense charged with such !
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char- j
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per- j
mission of the Court after a demurrer :
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall j
have the right to be tried before a de- |
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be j
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall j
try all cases as speedily as possible, j
and must refuse continuances after the j
first calling of a case for trial except ;
upon affidavit showing good cause i
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and j
attend to the prosecution of all cases >
coming before it, and make out all j
complaints and warrants for the arrest j
of persons charged with crime to be i
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall |
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of j
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No i
person shall be appointed a Warrant ;
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time j
of his appointment qualified to practice i
in all the Courts of this State. The ;
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall keep his ,
office open continuously night and day
for the transaction of business: shall I
draw complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the j
custody of all bail bonds and appeal ;
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall ;
examine the sufficiency of every bail I
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po- j
lice Court and make a return thereon, j
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I, Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San |
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have !
examined the records of the City and j
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbrances ;
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed ,
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall j
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him. or when it came i
into his possession. He may issue bail j
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom i
the bonds are issued; and he may take I
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner j
that the County Clerk is required by ,
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the |
release of any one charged with an of
fense, i
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing bail
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk j
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to j
order their discharge, t
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the, Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof: call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of such stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, in
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him, an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayer may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge c-f the Police Court, or any de
partment i thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act. ■•_•-- ■ ■ . : v :.;.;-; ..•• -
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to , be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock: in the forenoon of
each day a ! calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall .have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations . established ,by r the '.>. Police
Judges. . The calendar , shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer." "^lßflitfflfifflTifOlf^^
i Sec 14. ; The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
In each department ?: thereof . to : pre
serve ordar . »nd v axonn t* , ih« -Orders ' jjf.
See. -15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law, in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedingspending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of- the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th. IS7O. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Franciscr Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER I. {
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those firrt appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
appointment as. such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. AH subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President { of - the. Board shall in each
case hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance
of Its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week a* a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No changes in
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed t at
least two weeks before the time the
change Is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting-. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of; said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member
of the Board. In every case where a
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes. V
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, ' certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as . required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time ,be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall , have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners,' and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, - widening, t narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty. •■■ '-' •: 7- - -,;•;;• v--£- ' :
Sec. 8. The. Board shall immediately
after its organization , take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and i other property belonging to th*
City and County, : or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or In
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the ■ Superintendent of • Public
Streets,. Highways and Squares, the
Board -, of New City, Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence ai
the time this ■ Charter ' goes ■ into r effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, ■• straightening, closing or
jthoaiina the grades of streets, and all
- - <■.-•-.- /■-■-:.} ■■'■•■■:■:• -■■
other business and works pertaining to
any of said oflices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public .Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, in conformity witn
! the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through tht»
streets thereof, and the building or
' placing of cellars or vaults under the
! streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and'
: taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
! pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
\ sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
1 street or any portion thereof for the
I deposit of building material in front or
! a building during its construction or
i repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
! to the public from the dedication there
i of to public use; and without such per
' mission in writing from said Eoard no
j person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing iri
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en
1 croachment upon any sidewalk of any
I structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
• pools, and of the work pertaining
i thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
! boulevards, and the lighting of th*.
| same and the lighting of the parks.
i squares and other public places ana
i public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors ana
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, Including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by tho
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope^
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
opened or torn up the roadway of any
street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
sion to do so. The Board shall there
upon make an estimate o- the expense
of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear u»- sa»d street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts for the doing of sucn work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done oy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been li s than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus snail con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shaH,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
| prosecution of the public works and
improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he ia in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid in advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13, The Board shall appoint the
.necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwise determin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings,
shall be taken in all cases in the matter
ol the letting of contracts by said.
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, ehall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposal* offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amoUnt not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified In said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed 11 by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and publicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first in
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder fails or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time it shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in pre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fail or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Boar.l
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first instance.
fiec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. AH contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner in which it shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract-
Ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with thft
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notico
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by tha
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other tnan law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, the
assessed value of which, over and
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County: and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent.
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance (f
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Public
Works, a further extension may be
granted by vote of fourteen raemDcra
of the Board of Supervisors. In case cf
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within t>">e
time fixed in the contract, or within
such'extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shah not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
"the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER 11.
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tuo Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to ba
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
Is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine thflt such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or nance. passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approve of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors Its reasons tor such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all sucfi
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or crossing will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) an# cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date. and. briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pror -rty fronting 1
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, those owhinjtmore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
rjections shall be a bar for six months
o any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said work or making
said Improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, 6hall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing raid objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for euch objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and If said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, ufu-r the first
| publication of the aforesaid resolution
9 of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition <'f remonstrance, wherein they
shall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to "which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and m be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
• may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
Bald objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
f<>r hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
—its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to th«
work or Improvement proposed to b«
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he has
not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the .agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
d'frauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned In the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified In said contract
(Including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any Incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (If
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers In the as
sessment, and showing the number -of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake In the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall In
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the name shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of euch person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 8. The exrense of all work or
Improvement done upon any part of
said streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne and paid for as
follows:
First.— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross-
Ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
■treets and highways.
h. Of all work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. Of all work done in front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second.— The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third. — The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
I law to be kept in order by any person,
I company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than lifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter .specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two — The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
! this section according to the nature
j and character of the work.
Subdivision Three — The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing Intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
! blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
] street terminates in another main
j street, the expense of the work done
I on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the fror.t
! age of such lots on said main street,
| and the expense of the other half of the
i width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
i street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to tha next
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
| ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
' lane, alley, place, or court, if it does
i not meet another, and the other one
| half of the width upon the lots fronting
j such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
j one side of a street for any length
I thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that sid<\
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
I owners of lots or lands fronting upon
I any street, the width and grade of
i which have been established by the
| Supervisors, may perform at his or
j their own expense (after obtaining per
j mission from the Board of Public Works
1 so to do. but before said Board has
! passed its resolution of intention to
I recommend grading inclusive of this)
| any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
] and to its grade as then established,
! and thereupon may procure, at his or
' their own expense, a certificate from
; the City Engineer setting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them in said
i grading, and the proportions performed
I by each owner, and that the same is
j done to the established width and grade
I of said street, or to the centre line
' thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded In a
! properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors In
interest, shall be entitled to credit on th^
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth In his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
said cutting and filling; or. If the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as chang d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall In
clude in the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth in any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and shall enter corre
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AISD COUNTY OF SA3ST FRANCISCO*
sponding credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not include any grading- quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided in subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven — When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively In
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such ass?ssment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
Improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially In the following
form :
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment .md dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall b-? a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said record-
Ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record
ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested in paid
at;s( wFment shall be deemed to have no
tice ' f the contents of the record
theieof.
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
bj delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the Incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
cont! actor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified In such contracts
and assessments.
When It shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having jurisdiction to render suoh judg
ment, that any suit brought to foreclose
tho lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated j
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, Irregularity, or ii!e
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any euch assessment, or in the record-
Ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
hi aeven months after the entry of said
final judgment, apply to tho Hoard for
aro'.her assessment to be issued in con- I
formity to law; and the Hoard shall, '
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make and deliver to i
said applicant a new assessmant, dia- i
gram and warrant In accordance with i
law, and sign, record and authenticate ]
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots I
of land set out therein for the period of !
two years from the date of Its record- \
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce i
said lien as provided in this Chapter. I
Should such final judgment be that of j
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an apDeal therefrom to the '
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return Indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shal!
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff in
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as If the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections in writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or crmplained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the w r ork to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
sertinn, as to nil errors, informalities
and irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided In this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or In the assessment it
self, where the P.onrd of Public Works
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from th« day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the dat# 'if the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery In said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court In which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as In other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and. when not In conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of the
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience In the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the dome of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by It in its office for three days.
Inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Raid bids shall be delivered to It at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids Rhail be preserved in
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the Inspection of all
persons; and puch owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
o-f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable arid just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be not paid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the' owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse -sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid ai.d advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa/ment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is In good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance: and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street,with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price . for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
Instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him,, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Boar* may pass a
resolution recommending that th-e same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and piace at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grousds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best Interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public street* or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the . City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sur-nlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Tard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the -President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he shall be liable upon hi 3
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Sforekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Publla
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition ua
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said>
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said,
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lots
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person -whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son Interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufliciency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed,
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopft; said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said Improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules tor the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting the
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tha
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, tha
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Clerk
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
BAard of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated {improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet 'and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within tha
district determined to be affected by,
and which Is to be assessed for. the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the In
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation be-
*
-tween the value of said lot in its en
tirety and its value as reduced in size
by the appropriation of a part thereof
to said public use. The expense of the
Improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Sec. 8. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to, from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
Bhall be ascertained as of the time of
paid inquiry, Independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
causnd to the same by reason of such
intended Improvement, and the Board
thai! lix such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
Bhall distribute the total value of all
the lands and Improvements taken, to
gether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad- J
Jaeent hinds, and the estimated cost
and expense of paid improvement, in
the form of an assessment upon each ■
and every lot of land within the dis
trict determined to be affected by said j
Improvement in proportion to the ben
efits which the Board shall determine
will be received by said lots and lands;.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in
person or by counsel. All persons j
claiming any interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, ami a description of j
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall j
act as a Board, and said assessment
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment and valua- I
tion so authenticated and recorded in '■
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
of the correctness and regularity of all |
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the d.ne of
such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said ;
improvement the Board shall in its re- j
port set forth, under appropriate head- j
ings, a brief description of each lot '
thereof, the amount allowed for the |
same, the name of the owner of each
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fart shall be stated), and the name of '■
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein: and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve- I
ment the Board shall set forth in the j
assessment, under appropriate head-
Ings, a brief description of each lot !
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said i
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if j
known (and If unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the i
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
Bhall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same;
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no- ;
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty Jays it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several Kits of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re- '
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the ;
■ of the County Clerk, together
with a peti'ion signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court, !
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein* described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the v.Jue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary j
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and i
upon application to said Court, the j
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint I
some day, not less than ten nor more i
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court !
shall thereupon cause to be published i
for ten days in the official newspaper, I
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there- I
to. Any party interested therein may !
at any time before the day assigned for !
the hearing thereof file in said Court I
his objections in writing to the confirm- !
ation of the same, specifying his objec- i
tions; a.nd all objections not specified !
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day !
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
shall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other, time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
same, or cause the same to be changed"
altered or modified by said Board Said
judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described in |
said report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land !
declared necessary for the purpose of i
said improvement, upon the payment of I
the value thereof as fixed by such
judgment. Said lion shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
Fee 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said '
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of I
such appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections, judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
shall take such proceedings as wiir
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made in accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed- '
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. IS. After the confirmation of
said report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal has been
taken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
corded In the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded* togqther with saidj^
I certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
! to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs tive per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
j the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
I as a result of the collection of said as
sessment b<\vond that necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expends of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose latid has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums flxed in
said judgment as the compensation for |
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re- I
ceive compensation for any lot of land !
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot j
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that !
such person is entitled to the compen- i
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to \
said person the amount awarded for i
said lot by said judgment of condemna- '
tion, after the demand therefor has >
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said ■
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and sulli
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney :
shall certify that the title to any of |
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or '
that there are conflicting claimants to I
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by ths
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there an» '
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of thesaid ßoard, settingforth
said facts, said Judge shall issue art
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
onier that the same be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the ■
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex- '<
ecute to said City and County and de- |
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient !
conveyance of said lot of land. Im- \
mediately after taking possession of :
the land required for said street, the
Hoard shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation: but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
he- applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTEB IV.
feewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a* general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and private
sewers and drains in the City and
County, and upon recommendation of
said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
mit in writing from said Board, and
complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board in reference thereto.
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the construc
tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels,
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary, for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with servers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it is deemed desirable to con-
sewer or other improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AXD COIJXTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
relative to " sewerage or drainage, . upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri-
I vate property, and the Board is unable
I to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
j pressed by ordinance, have the right to
| cause said property to be condemned,
] and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
| the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City ana County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or j
wharfage be imposed or collected. The !
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose, of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
«.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Hoard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the j
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of ofllce at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The . loard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen ■
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Boi-d shall meet at least j
once a week and at such other times as ,
it may determine. It shall establish i
rules for its proceedings; but the con- j
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact '•
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER 11.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department '
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Bee. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
Instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age |
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPfER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers ;
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public i
schools as provided in this Article, and !
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per-
Bons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the j
adoption of this Charter, or who shall j
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis- j
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfltness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due Investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and. for the
causes mentioned in section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effec
the school system; to remedy truancy
to compel the attendance at school o
children between the ages of six anc
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges agains
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, am
to take testimony in such investiga
tions.
fi. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold In trust for the City and County
any ronl estnte belonging to or claimei
by the School Department. To hold in
trust all personal property that ma>
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in Apri
in each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common hof Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools
Snould the Board fail or neglect to fl!
the vacancy so caused within threedays
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d'tties o
Cf-nsus Marshal, such vacancy may be
filled by the Superintendent of Com
don Schools.
8. To sue In the name of the City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by the Schoul
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity conceding the enjo>
ment and possession cf sach lots, kinds
and property. To require the services
oj the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
.. 9 - To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
benool Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in ay-
o ra >' c , daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal" year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
sa fries for that fiscal year have been
i? X Paid or Provided for. The Board
I shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
! the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
: Every person in the employ of
! the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
i proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De-
I partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of th. Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
eeeding twenty years, any real propert>
of the School Department not requirec
for school purposes; but no lease shal
be made except after advertisement fo
bids for at least fifteen days in the offi
cial newspaper and by an affirmative
vote of at least three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or schoo
library; to carry into effort the terms
of any bequest not. in conflict with the
general laws or this Charter; and to sel
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for v; in the
schools. All moneys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Tund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May. make a list <>f
supplies estimated to be require! by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating in clear and explicit
terms the quantity and kind of articles
needed and how and when they shall be
delivered, and rhall invite proposals for
furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article 11. Chapter
111. of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same
tho presentation and opening of propo
sals, the awarding of contracts and the
security for the performance thereof
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals anr
contracts made, awarded or enterer
into for furnishing supplies to thf»
School Department. Any contract made
in violation of any provision of this
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fisca
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taurrht in each school
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other information as may be requirec
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or tho Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents
The number of such deputies shall not
be Increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children In average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years 1 successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. ,To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
I books for supplementary use in the
I public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
! holder to teach any primary, gram-
I mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary gTade,
valid for two years, which shall au-
I thoriae the holder to teach any primary
| school in the City and County. They
j shall report the result of the examina-
I tion to the Board of Education, and
! the Board shall thereupon issue to the
! successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for I
purchasing and procuring sites; for !
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the j
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one i
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty- j
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Bee. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from !
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy, I
the Board of Education may, with the i
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the. same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the ;
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if it has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications and within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an-- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars;
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b«
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
sin 11 not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of 1
Trustees of said Library and Reading j
Rooms in office at the time this Char-
I ter shall take effect shall continue to
! constitute the Board of Trustees of
: said Public Library and Reading
'< Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
ibe filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
i tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
' the purpose of maintaining such
! Library and Reading Rooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
I Library Trustees may from time to
i time establish, and for purchasing
books, Journals and periodicals, and for
. purchasing or leasing real and -ersonal
property, and for constructing such
I buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
I the City and County not exempt from
I taxation which shall not be less than
! one and one-half cents nor more than
j two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, la accordance with
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not Inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
j for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
j who shall serve for one year and until
! his successor Is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, mon—, receipts and ex
pen d. lures and a record of all Its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded In its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants;
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may b<=> necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish Buch branches of th-
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors' shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use. either in whole or In part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect-
Ing nnd maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms. or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States
of good character for honesty and so'
briety, able to read and write the Ens
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five vear<*
next preceding his appointment
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of ace
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can-
QlQcltG.
CHAPTER ii.
Police Commissioners
o SECTION 1. The Police Department
Rnfn f £"?. er he management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twe , lv * hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City, and County for at least five
years next preceding \ his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall • never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall; so classify them
selves by lot • that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years. *
Sec. 3.-. . The Commissioners shall be
successors 7in ; office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the ; time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State. ."■■;-.
■ Sec. 4. : The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of : their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual '■ salary . of - fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein. a
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
In less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted in a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who Is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. Th«
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and oflicial
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law an>l
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons o» the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall ke<*p
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night: and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where*
he can be found. . „ ,
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at his
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk. Assistant Clerks.
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec 6 The Chief of Police may from
time 'to time disburse such sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of nil
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department, upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police Inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
ers. All persons engaged In said call
ings nust first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority \n
writing from time to time empo\vf>»
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, tc
examine the books and the premises ol
any such person. Any such member ol
the Police Department, when thereuntc
empowered in writing by the Chief o1
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit. "
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Svbordinate offlcOTS olthe Police Department shall consist of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hund.-ed and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four
dollars.
Sec. 2. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The du
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by tho rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains,
s ■-. 4. There shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com
missioner? may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Sergeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall
fined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
stive Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec. 5. There shall be as many Cor
porals as In the judgment of the Com
missionera may be advisable. The dv
■ poralfl shall Le defined b the
rules and regulations of the Commis
rs, the orders of the Chief of Po
irders of their respective
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
hief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to - sceed twenty-live. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members fo detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time fro-m such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County «hall not exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred in r
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Pec. 2. Every Police Officer shall,
Hpon the arrest of any person charged
cvith the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
nrisnn keeper, who must deliver the
lame to the Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
ihereof according to law.
Sec. 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or v>olntir»r.
Of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
i" by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
ifter a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners, upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
Qcally the acts complained of, and
such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
P.oard may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun
sel; to have a public trial; and to se
?ure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all v, itnesses neces- :
sary for his deferifp.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re
sult of crime or constituting the pro
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or In- i
sane persons, or other persons incapa- :
ble of taking care rf themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned '■
that may in any way come into the
Jslon or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
' or Judge of the City and
County, shall be delivered to the Pron
-rk, who shall enter in a Record
to be kept by him for that pur
a full and explicit description of
tme. together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re- !
i. the names of any claimants
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the
final disposition thereof.
2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having been feloni- ''
ousiy obtained, nr of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudlca- i
tinn, and the Court shall adjudge that
the person arrested is innocent of the
offense alleged, and that the property \
or money belongs to him, it shall or- .
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clprk
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be held for
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until th? discharge '
or conviction of the persc-n accused.
Pec. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
iho Property Clerk for one year shall
be sold at public auction, after having j
five times advertised in the official
newspaper; and tho proceeds of such :
pale shall be mid into the treasury to!
the credit of th<» Police Relief and Pen- ;
Pion Fund, Tn no ca?e shall such pmp
erty be Bold or disposed of until the ne- ;
f for thf use thereof ns evidence
h^s ceased. The proceeds of property :
taken from insnne persons =hnll not i
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from the
time the same Is paid into the treasury: j
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police shall, during such period,
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the ■
person or persona to whom the same ;
should by right be payable.
Roc. 4. Tf any property or money in \
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence in any Court, it
shall be delivered to any officer who '
shall present an order in writing to !
that effect from such Court, and the I
riorkH of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to the Property Clerk.
Efec. 6. All valuables and money In
the custody of the Property Oerk shall !
be depositor! by him for safe keeping
■with the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to such r\il°s and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTER IX.
Present Police Force.
PECTION 1. A'ii members of the
present Police Force in good standing
in the Department at the time this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park-
Police, shall continue therein without i
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go into effect
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions j
already existing in favor of the Police (
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be |
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a i
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practiclngphysicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, infirmity or other dis- ;
ability, unfit for the performance of hie I
duties. Such retired member shall re- i
oeive from the Police Relief and Pen- j
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid i
unless such person has been an active j
member of the Department for twenty :
years continuously next preceding his '
retirement, and the same shall cease at |
his death.
Sec. S. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commls- j
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension <
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may ,
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him j
during his life and to cease at his j
death. In case his disability shall cease >,
his pension shall cease, and he shall be i
restored to the service in the rank he i
occupied at the time of his retirement, j
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund, j
provide for the family of any officer, j
member or employe of the Department I
who may be killed while In the per- j
formance of his duty, as follows:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de- !
cedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no !
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
suoh children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children.
but leave a parent or parents depend- ;
' ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the ;
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioner
may unanimously determine its ne- ,
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen- !
slon as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall :
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De- j
partment shall, after ten years' service, ;
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or ,
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucft
deceased member and paid into the Re- |
. lief and Pension Fund; but the provi- '
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension unde
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make j
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en- ;
force compliance therewith on the part !
lof the members of the Department. It |
shall make up an estimate every year j
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and '
certify the same to the Supervisors in j
connection with and as a part of the i
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for i
conduct which is heroic or meritorious. |
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board; |
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension |
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants, j
signed by its President and Secretary, I
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension !
Fund. Each warrant shall state for I
what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
! Commissioners shall keep a public reo
' ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the .Treas- j
urer and to the Auditor a written or .
', printed list of all persons entitled to i
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
: list shall be certified and signed by the
, President and Secretary of the Board.
\ The Auditor shall thereupon enter a j
1 copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
| as The Police Relief and Pension Fun.l
i Book. All warrants signed by the
! President and Secretary of the Board
j shall be presented to the Auditor, and |
I be audited and ordered paid by him !
i out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
: Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested in the Board of Police
S Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may j
• appoint a Secretary, and provide for j
the payment from said Fund of all ;
its necessary expenses, not exceeding I
fifty dollars for any one month, includ- I
ing the salary of the Secretary and !
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3 All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police j
Department for violation of law or the I
rules or regulations thereor.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than ono-fourth nor morn !
than one-half of all moneys received j
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil- I
Hard hall keepers, dealers in second- j
hand merchandise, and from Junk !
Btores.
6. Ail moneys received from fines for
carrying concealed weapons. 1
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
1. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected In money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
I Force two dollars a month, which shall
! be forthwith paid into the Police Rellel
I and Pension Fund. No other or further
I retention or reduction shall be made
j from such pay for any other fund or
i purpose unless the same Is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request is made for
j regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
j Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
| lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
! each year, or as soon thereafter as
| practicable, the Auditor shall make a
| report to the Supervisors of all moneys
| paid out of such Fund during the pre
\ vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
: such Fund during the three years next
i preceding shall be transferred to and
' become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
I the Board, or subject to Its order. Pay
■ ments provided for in this Chapter
i shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist In such Fund, such
; deficiency shall .be provided for and
j made good by the Supervisors in their
j next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years.- Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
j successors in office of the Fire Commis-
s ioners holding office in the City and
1 County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
, under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one
year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who- shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
: ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
; at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
■ public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
; sary, prescribe the number and duties
' of the officers, members and employees
■ of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
; control of all the prbperty and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap
propriations made for the use of the
j Department.
Sec. 8. All persons appointed to posi
1 tions in the Department must be citi
, zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years r.-f age. of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
j years next preceding the date of their
, appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the
Commissioners, and upon Fiieh exam
! ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
, political opinions, nor shall he be
| transferred or dismissed except for
; cause, nor until after a trial before the
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining: to the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners: but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Tnrds by
order of thi? Chief Engineer, or by any
officer In charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall Immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In ao doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall he
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials Bhall be public.
Sec. 3. "When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while in the actual
. perf ornumce of hie duty therein, go as
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security r com^anying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the ay -ding l_ contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, are
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus- I
pend any subordinate officer, member i
or employee of the Department for in- !
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De- |
partment, and shall forthwith report in j
writing such suspension, with his rea- \
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for :
their action. He shall diligently ob- '
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and I
report in writing thereon at least ones j
a month to the Board and make such !
recommendations and suggestions re- j
specting the same as he may deem i
proper. In the absence or inability ol
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief j
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers,
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re- i
moved any buildings or structures for !
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company i
shall be composed of not more than one !
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver, i
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and !
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed < ' not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V,
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of Ban Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, In case
of hia disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shail attend all fires which
may occur In the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed In connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same In
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing huildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Belief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen"s Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has befn an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the rame
shall cease at his death.
Sec, 4. Any mernter of tlj? Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily In
jury received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, ac >mpanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retire ! from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the .mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. i. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may. remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p .sion equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces-
slty.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
Qf its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed b" the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. AH
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess th*
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to mr.ke rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing: but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTEE VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
pines, eighteen hundred dc-llars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen. Truckmen.
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars: and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars: Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over ita own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors: but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
j five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
j County at the time of their appoint
i metfit, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals. Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
i tals. Receiving Hospitals, and of all
j matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the live*
and health of the inhabitants of the
i City and County; and it may determine
! the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th&
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11.
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the public
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees as may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrying out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
thfir duties. All appointments in the
Dnartment shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint n
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his ap ->ointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surcery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to, and final decision by, said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to in
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ABTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Bonrd must bs an olrc
tor of the City and County at the lime
of his appointment and must have
be^n such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must,
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot. that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
til* 1 end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five merribers first appoint
ed shall be chosen from. each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and View
President, as the case may. be, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be
such th'rd party. nnc l if not, then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring: Commissioner, consistently
with the . foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at. all times of the
two politico! parties i casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
oedinir the appointment |in question as
prescribed in this section.
See. 2.: No member of the Board, nor
■Registrar, rsor | Dermtv "Registrar shall,
during his term of office, be a member
of any. convention th» purpose of which
is; to nominate candidates for office:
nor be eligible to 'any other miinir-ipq!
office during the term for which he
shall have been appointed. | or for one
year -thereafter; nor act as officer of
o ny; election or primary election : % nor
take part -in: any election except" to
vote and when actir.g as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such' official' duties as may
he required of him by law and by this
Charter. ';■ #
. Sec. 3. v. The Commissioners shall or
ganize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
in the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER 11.
Municipal Election*
SECTION 1. There shall be held tn
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder. City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
I Schools shall be elected for four years.
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of tha City
! and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January In
* u ~ year nineteen hundred.
is. 3. The officers first elected as
;said under this Charter shall taJce
; at noon on the first Monday after
Rrst day of January following.
s. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
lamation and publish the same in
official newspaper for at least
ity days previous to the day in each
on which the municipal election is
c held under this Charter, calling
i the electors of the City and
ity to meet for the purpose of
ing such officers as are provided
n this Charter, reciting in such
lamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ABTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC "UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby 'eclared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision shall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as the
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the/City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations tor the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase tf such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important tp the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
a.nd County, at a special election, prop
ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
pubHc utilities, the Supervisors must
solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
have the benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible- cost thereof.
gee. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in nur.ibor to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to tha
electors of th« City and Obunty, as
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
the acquisition of su-/h utility, it shall
be the duty of the Board to immediate
ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the data
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa.
tures are appended to the original. Th«
Mayor shall also have the right to for*
mulate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formut
fated by the .Supervisors for the acqui.
sition of the utility named in said petl.
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi.
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board r.f Election Commission.,
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposl.
tion receiving a majority of the vote)
cast thereon shall be adopted; but ie
case the votes cast in favor ot bothI
propositions shall not exceed one-half j
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing in this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as _ar ore
said to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same as
provided in section Bix of this Article j
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same In the manner herein
after provided.
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid ;
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms. !
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to b acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues ;
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there- :
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall ■-;
therein the amount of the pro]
bonded Indebtedness, the rate of Inter- *
thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
two-thirds of the electors rotlng
therein at such election shall be neces
sary to Becure such acquisition and to
warrant the Issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, u< b reinafter se: forth.
Sec. :>. When the elec< irs by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a j
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne- J
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great" to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
newspaper.
Sec. 7. At the next regular meeting erf
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Bupervis irs by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to ihe electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such '
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted- j
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public i
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or- j
dinance set forth (if the proposition bo
accepted by the electors), and shall fix ;
a day on which such special election '
shall be held, the manner of holding ;
such election, and the manner of voting
for or against incurring such indebted- ;
ness. Such election shall be held an j
provided by law for holding elections
in the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten flays the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a. notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property in the
City and County. i
Sec. 11. The bonds Issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the Tnited States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
of the bonds in what lawful money of
the United States paid bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
on a day and at a plnoo to be fixed by
tne Supervisors, together with the In
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds SO issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be Issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference In the sale and allotment
thereof shall bo given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
to, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, semi-annually or quarterly,
p.fl the Supervisors may determine!
Such bonds, when Issued, may bo said
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the same must
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as af< resald to the high
est bidder at not '.ess than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They phnll be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have^lhe right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof
The proceeds of such sale- shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall bo applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their Issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the Genera] Fund.
Pec. 12. Such bonds Bhall bo signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
Fhal! be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall be numbered con
secutively and sitrned by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer.
Bee 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bond?, and also the
proper alinuot part of the aggregate
amount of such indebtedness so in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article shall con
stitute cause for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of i
Civil Service reform, who shall consti- j
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner fur three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall # at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners ;
shall receive an annual salary of !
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the oflices and departments of '
the City anil County mentioned in sec- !
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided tor. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
3. The Commissioners shall
rulos to carry out the purposes
..:' tliis Article, and for examinations,
intments, promotion* and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
ns may from time to time, make
gee in the existing rules. All rules
ill changes therein shall be forth
printed for distribution by the
lissloners.
Se . -i. Ail applicants for places in
Lssified civil service shall be sub
to examination, which Fhall be
, competitive and free. Such ex-
Ltions shall be practical in their.
acter, and shall relate to those
• rs only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex- |
: harge the duties of the •
tions to which they seek i" be ftp
pointed, ami shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
nal skill.
Sec. 6. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
Dot in the official service of the City
and County* to be examiners; and, if
in the oflicial service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report j
thereof to the Commissioners. The i
■nissioners may substitute any j
other person, whether in or not in such j
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such |
examiners.
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
examination in the official news
•-. and such notice shall also be
1 by the Commissioners in a con
,.>us* place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. T. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
'■"unty of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
unon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower /auk established by the
■ tiers for each department as
<i.-sirv to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, in which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
Bcation, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules cf
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Be . 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one nf the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
hs. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the period of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
<>.-mcd complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the nn
proval of the Commissioners, make
• '">rary appointments, to remain in
not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
Ph^.ll apply to the following offices and
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Icorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
nographers cf the JusMcos' and Po
» Courts, the Board of Public Works,
; Police Department, the Fire De
rtment, the Board of Election Com
ssioners, the Board of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said ot
ficep and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder. the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect, of the Board of Public Work^
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITT AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall mak»
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b«s
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing j
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint- ,
ments, permanent or temporary, made J
in such classified civil service, and of :
all transfers, promotions, resignations, |
suspensions or vacancies from"" any
cause in such service, and of the date I
thereof; and a record of the same shall i
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created err j
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or ;
board making such change shall imme
diately report in writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall in
vestigate the enforcement of the pro- ;
visions of this Article, and of its rules, j
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and |
action of the appointees in the j
classified service in the City and ,
County, and may inquire as to
the nature, tenuro and compensation !
of all places in the public service there- :
of.
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January ;
in each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef- ,
fectual accomplishment of the purposes '
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all
reports made to it, and keep a record of
all examinations held under its direc
tion. He shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination: or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examin d: or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
| tify to the Auditor all appointments to
I places of employment in the classified
civil service, a: 3 all vacancies occurring
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
i provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
■ ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
i power to institute and prosecute legal
j proceedings for violation of any of the
j provisions of this Article.
r"~_ _■ _
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated I
upon the map of the Outside Lands of '
the City and County, made pursuant to i
Order Number One Hundred, by the j
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land '■
fronting on Haight street, designated \
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
; also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
I Baker street westward until it crosses j
: Stanyan street; also that certain high- \
way bounded on the west by the Pacific '
' Ocean, and designated upon said map !
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain j
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as!
ceded to the City and County of San
: Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
! and County, and all the grounds
; surrounding public buildings in the i
' City and County, and all parks and I
: squares and public pleasure grounds
I hereafter acquired by the City and
; County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of j
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
1 successors in office of the Park Com
i missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go into effect by virtue of ap
■ pointment under any statute of this
State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
; the Mayor for a term of four years and
1 shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
| selves by lot that one of them shall go
! out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
: of three years, and two at the end of
'. four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
i President, and they may elect a Secr^
1 tary who is not a member of the Board
i The Board shall establish rules and
i regulations for its government and for
'< the performance of its duties, and for
' the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
! bonds from all of them, except labor
! era, for the faithful performance of
i their duties in such sums as may be
i fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
| proved by the Mayor and filed in the
I office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transact'en of
| business. No contract shall be entered
| into authorizing the expenditure of
| money without the approval of four of
I the Commissioners. Every contract
exceeding five hundred dollars In
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article in this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
! all contract work ordered by ths Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park",
'. squares, avenues and grounds not in
! consistent with the laws of the Stato
j of California or with this Charter. 3ueh
' ordinances shall, within five days after
| their passage, be published for ten
J days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, "n any
court of competent jurisdiction. None of
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which It
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds le
[ gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donoro
suitable articles for the Museum ami
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and. Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided in section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shL.:i not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by Itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in ?r>
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and upon
the premises so leased, and shall ln.nk*
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for pane -pi re
purposes only. No such buiHirr.* shall
be- constructed by the Board except it
be within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, ove lues find
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section, con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
01 any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose of conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be rocessary <o conserve th" Integrity
of said parks and squares, an I for a pe
riod not greater than six months, and
so as not to interfere with the use or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion .shall ever be granted oxeupt Bi:< U
Fair or Exposition be of National; Stal»
.>• Municipal mportance. None of th
moTU-ys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall Ire used for th 1 purposes ci
any such Fair ( r Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Polic shall, on
tin; request of the Comm'S »ion«rr. Aft
tail such memfcf-rs of the Police Force
of the City and County tor service in
said parka, squares, av^r.uss and
grounds as may be necessary f<ir theen
forcement of the law and for the proper
observance of the ordinance of the
Commissioner*; and the Commissioners
• may provide » place of det-n;i with
!n either of si.d public pla -es in which
the persons a i rested for violating any
•i" the ordinances of the Boini may lie
detained tempi warily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations,
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same In interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build-
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building; or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
"When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
lion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not 1 less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
SECTION l. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by an ordi-.
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. 'he bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-live thousand dollars:
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
! urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
! dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol-
I lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
| lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perlntendent of Public. Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
! of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
' dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
! thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
i thousand dollars: each School Director,
< five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
! Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars: each Election Commissioner, ten
: thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall ;
not he accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every' bond i
:-h:ill contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
lav,-, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
menta that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the ;
amount required for said bond; but i
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred doHars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which In the apr
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
; surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
I such bond, that he is a resident and
Freeh* Ider in the City nnd County, and
worth in property situated in the City
;■!!<! County. exclusive of incumbrances
; thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaklng over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
Indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
: persona offered as sureties on official
bonds mnv bo examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
: visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
! nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
: such board, such bond or any surety
', thereto becomes insufficient: and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bord shall die or
j cease to be a resident of the City and
! County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the arts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and ench of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds c.-f indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
Stales, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law, he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun-
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed in
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity In money
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfel
his office, and be forever debarred anc
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de
partment or board or commission Jo
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be ?*
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to quali; v within the time pro
scribed by lav . or within twenty day
after his elec'ion or appointment, o
shall have bee- 1 , absent "from the Su>t
without leave ■'■>r more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Ev-'y officer who shall ap
prove, allow o:' .pay any demand on th
treasury not :Oithorized by law, ordi
nance or this (Vnarter, shall be liable t*
the City and bounty individually am
on his official $iond for the amount o
the demand stf illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. Th€»jr departments, boards
commissioners find officers provided f.>
in this Charter? shall be entitled to th
possession of fill papers, books, docu
ments, maps, jilats, records and ar
es in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall bo
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such Inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall "c kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
m.v in any office or department, who
has bf-on found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
beszh d public funds.
Sec 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by ihe Supervisors
for cause: and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus-
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
Fame in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on Its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, thf>n
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any j erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Seo. 24. Every officer and every mpm
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take ami hear testimony concern-
Ing any matter or thins pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must.
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
In this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un-
Jess said grantees or their assigns shall,
within six months after tnis cnarter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
Sec 9 7 All ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this charter
takes effect are hereby repealed
Sec. 28. All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
I: 29 When the Supervisors shall
mine that the public interest.re
ft the construction or acquisition
v permanent municipal building or
ftvement, the cost of vrhicb m ad
n to the other expenses pi tne
and County will exceed the income
revenue provided for the City ana
County for any one year, they must oy
ordinance passed ly th- affirmative Tote
of not less than fourteen members oi
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded Indebtedness for sucn
purpose to the electors of the City ami
County at a special election to be ne.d
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to- the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, ana
to the time when and the kind of
. in which paid bonded in-
Iness shall be payable. The pro
of the sales Of such bonds shall
be paid Into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Foe. 30. Every assistant deputy or
<^f<-r subordinate of any board, depart
: • or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
E 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec 32. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employes
of the Police Department or of the Fir*
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office; nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting*
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, op
fcr <t against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del-,
etrate to such convention a*, any pri
mary election: nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer:
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner infiuer.ee the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
r.-f either of said departments at any
general, special or- primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member: and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty crt such viola
tion must remove such officer, employee
Or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re-
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by bis actual service.
Sec 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as" such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or .employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor.
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the' provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the" year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the mo-nth of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after tne
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws-shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Pec 37 The balance remaining in the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining In the Library Fund at the
lac this Charter takes effect shall
•thwith be transferred to the Library
nd created by this Charter. The bal
ce remaining in the Park Improve
■nt Fund at the time this Charter
tes effect shall forthwith be trans
red to the Park Fund created by this
arter. The balance remaining in the
[apportioned Fee Fund at the time
s Charter takes effect shall forthwith
transferred to the Unapportior.ed
c Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
insferred to the Police Relief and
>ension Fund created by this Charter.
Ie balance remaining in the Surplus
und at the time this Charter takes ef
ect shall forthwith be transferred to
ie Surplus Fund created by this Char
er. The balance remaining in the Spe
al Deposit Fund at the time this
larter takes effect shall forthwith be
ansferred to the Special Deposit Fund
eated by this Charter. The balance
maining in the General Fund at the
me this Charter takes effect, the
>alance remaining in the Street Light
at the time thie Charter takes ef
ect, tho balance remaining in the
treet Department Fund at the time
is Charter takes effect, the balance
maining in the Police Contingent
i'und at the time this Charter takes ef
ect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Pee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this Charter. Out of the•aid General Fund shall be paid, as in
:his section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and County, except
6uch expenses as are by this Charter
:o be paid out of the Funds specifically
provi'i. l [or the payment of such ex
penses. Km- the six months ending on
M~ he thirtieth day of June, in the year
i nineteen hundred, each and every of
artmenta shall expend the
>s Bet apart to each of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
Municipality. So much of said moneys
pet apart by said Board of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of l'ublic Streets,
Highways and Squ for the fiscal
pear ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
Bhall remain unexpended at the time
this Charter t ikes effect, shall be ex
pended during Bald six months by the
Board of Public Works In the opera
i of the department committed to
its charge. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
of specific funds hall be paid during
paid six months r>»t of the General
Fund. Should the moneys sc: apart
by the Board of Supervisors of the ex
isting municipality to any department
of the City and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
months, or should any department cre
ated by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
bK months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out of
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections six and
seven of Chapter 1 of Article 111 of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article IX of this char
ter during said six months shall be paid
out neral Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
is th. existing municipality of the City
and County Of San Francisco-, and the
ral funds which are to be trans
ferred as in this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All
the funds of said existing municipality
not mentioned in this section, and
•which are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity for their continuance ceases.
S. c. 38. V.'hen the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so- declare
by ordinance, and upon sucb declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Chart - shall he published for
twenty days in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of general circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-eight, it shall be submitted j
to the qualified electors of said City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adopti"n of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
City and County voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mltted to ih .- Legislature of the State
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall tb reupon become the!
Charter and organic Law of the City i
and County of San Francisco, and shall
Bupersec^ the existing Charter of said:
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with;
this Charter.
The form of ballots at :..tid election; 1
shall be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, YES.
THE NEW BARTER, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
v be elected by the people, this Char
shall take effect <>n and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such officers shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
Beard of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and Cunty in office
tit the time of such election.
And for the sole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
he appointments provided in this
Charter to be mad' by him. and of the
qualification of tlv> persons so ap
point* Charter shall take effect
'ti the first (i.-iy of December, in the
rear one thousand eight hundred and
linety-nlne.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and
"ounty of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
housand inhabitants, on the twenty
laj of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and
and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tiun 8, of Article XI, of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under-
I a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
'." prejpare and propose a Charter for
-r* I• 1 City and County; and we, the
members "f said board, in pursuance
at sui h provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period of ninety days
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in
duplicate, as and for the Charter for
paid City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IX WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON, President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON,
JAMES BUTLER,
H. N. CLEMENT,
A. COMTE, Jr..
ALFRED CRIDGE,
L. R. EL.LERT,
ISIDOR GUTTE,
p. h. McCarthy,
JOIK. NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN,
JOSEPH O'CONNOR,
LIPPMANN SACHS,
EDWARD . TAYLOR,
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD,
Secretary.
A FATAL BLOW.
Otto Senn Killed Accidentally by a
Fellow Workman at the Union
Iron Works.
Otto Senn, of 137 Perry street, a ma
chinist employed in the Union Iron
Works, died in the Waldeck Hospital yes
terday fn^ii the effects of a blow with
tamer wielded by Thomas John
son, a i> How workman, on April 11. Senn
am! the workman were engaged on a
steel shaft driving Imlts. The hammer
slipped off the head of the bolt and struck
him over the pit of the stomach inflicting
injuries which caused the death of Senn.
Senn was taken to the Waldeck Hospi
tal, where an examination disclosed the
hat his stomach w;is ruptured and
that there was do hope [ >r his recovery.
The deceased told his wife shortly before
his death that the blow was accidental
and that he could not blame any one.
The body was taken to the Morgue, and
an inquest was waived by the relatives
of the deceased. Hence no inquest will
be held.
Poolrooms Decreasing.
According to the reports of the mem
bera of the Merchants' Association the
fight of that body against the poolrooms
is already productive of good results.
Many of the sharpers have already closed
their shops, and the Chief of Police has
promisfd to see that they do not open
some other kind of "skin game" in the
city. It is the belief that before very
long not a single poolroom will be left
open.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lower.
Wheat steady.
Barley advanced again.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Another advance In Hay.
Beans doing better again.
Flour as before.
Rice unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
table* in large supply.
Butter firm and Eggs weaker.
Poultry generally lower.
No change in Fresh Fruits.
Prunes and Honey very firm.
Apricots and Peaches selling well.
Provisions as usual.
Wools, Hides and Hops Unchanged.
Hogs weak.
Coal unchanged.
Twenty-one failures last week.
FAILURES FOR THE WEEK.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports
2J failures In the Pacific Coast States and Ter
ritories for the week ending yesterday, as
compared with 20 for the previous week
and 22 for the corresponding week of
1597. The failures for the past week are di
vided among the trades as follows: Two com
mission, 1 paints, 1 feed and fuel, 1 dye works.
1 boots and shoes, 3 grocers, 1 grain broker. 1
j lime and mortar company, 1 men's furnishing
goods, 1 liquors, 1 manufacturer leather belt
| ing. 1 millinery. 1 butcher, 1 blacksmith. 1
• clothing, 1 general store, 1 fruit grower, 1 dry
i goods.
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port thus far
this crop year amount to 623,312 barrels,
against 592.950 for the same time last crop
y>ar. Reducing this Floor to B Wheat basis
and adding it to ihf exported Wheat gives
total w'h.-.it exports thus far this crop year of
11,172,000 vtls, valued at $l7,ii7G,vo<>, against 12,
176,600 ctls, at $15,663,u0u for the same time
last year.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg
1 ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those undernenth it. If any, t'ne
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the . ast twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres-
Fure and Is Usually preceded and accompanied
by rloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington ?oast. When
the pressure Is hish In the interior and low ,
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain ia probable; I
but wlien the "low" is inclosed with Jso'iars of 1
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is <m- j
probable. With a "high" in the vic.nlty of !
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(12nth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 15, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 81.15 «7.«8
Red Bluff 0 12.30 23. 5S
Sacramento 0 8.87 17. 15
San Francisco 0 7.75 22. ,6
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
San Luis Obispo "... 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles 0 f>.2« 16.74
San Diego 0 4. 1S 11. «8
Yuma , 0.01 1.66 5.3 i
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, £4;
minimum. 47; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen during the past
twenty-four hours over the central Rocky
Mountain region. An extensive area of low
pressure overlies Utah, Arizona and Southern
California.
The temperature has fallen over Central Cali
fornia: elMWbera on the Pacific sln;>e it has
remained nearly stationery. The temperatures
in the great valleys of California are from 9
to 12 degrees above the normal.
Rain is falling in Arizona and a thunder
storm is reported at Phoenix.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the west is reported at Carson City.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 16. IS9S:
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday; cooler
in the interior; fresh westerly wind; fog on
the coaat.
S.iuthern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Saturday, with showers in the moun
tains; fresh southerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy and unsettled weather Satur
day, with showers in the mountains.
Arizona— Cloudy and unsettled weather Sat
urday, with showers early Saturday morning.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Satur
day; fresh westerly wind: fog In the morning.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m.— Clear; wind west. 24 miles per
hour; temperature, r.4; maximum, 60.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Professional traders
bought stock this morning, causing an advance
in prices of a point or over in the speculative
favorites, but most of these takings were sold
again before the expiration of the day's ses
sion, carrying prices back over their own
course and leaving net changes in almost all
cases Insignificant, but with small gains pre
dominating. The party on the exchange which
espoused the bull side yesterday found cause
for encouragement in the advance In the price
of Americans on the London exchange this
morning. Other European Bourses also showed
a firm tendency for Americans, and Spanish 4s
rallied from an early depression before the
opening of trading here. The cause of this
strength was a rumor that the powers had
Intervened between the United States and
Spain and that the Cuban insurgents had
agreed to an armistice. This rumor seemed
to have great force in foreign circles and
effected a sympathetic rise here at the open
ing, which was assisted by the professional
manipulation. Reports from London indicate
that there has been extensive dealing in ou
tions on Americans in that market and to-day s
demand was in large part from the sellers of
these options for the purpose of covering their
contracts. Whatever credence attached to the
intervention theory abroad, it was not deemed
important in this country, and the buying move
ment was quickly exhausted. The midday
period of Intense dullness and sagging prices
gave way to- a more active selling movement in
the final hour on belief that the Senate would
take action before adjourning. The definite
information from London that Great Britain
would refuse to Join in a naval demonstration
in behalf of Spain, and the Austrian Embadsa
dor'B open avowal that he had given up hone
of Europe preventing war. was not» received in
Wall street until after the close. Neither was
the news that the regular army had been or
dered to the seaboard. Dealings were on a
small scale and the wide movement of prices
indicated a small floating supply of stocks
holders maintaining their waiting attitude. The
money market continued firm to-day and the
demand from the interior continued unabated
The supply of currency has become so scarce
that some of the city banks are shipping gold
In response to the interior demand. Further en
gagements of nearly $1,500,000 in gold for im
port were made to-day, notwithstanding the
hardness of the London money market and the
disinclination of Paris or Berlin to supply gold.
The Paris exchange on London as a. result
Jumped l'/4 centimes to 25 francs 36 centimes,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
an advance of 6 centimes over a week ago.
The bond market was dull and about steady.
Total sales. 11.475.000.
United States 6s were Vt lower to-day, the
seconds, were 1 per cent higher and the old 4s
registered >4 higher bid.
Total sales of stocks to-day were ttS.OOO
shares, Including: BurHngton, 14,250: Louis
villt: Rnd Nashville, 4172; Manhattan, 7655;
Metropolitan 3275: Northern Pacific preferred.
6424: Rock Island, 4235; St. Paul, 15.605; Union
Pacific preferred, 16,297; Union Pacific, Denver
and Gulf, 34,745: Tobacco, 40.920; Sugar, 33,250.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson Wr 6 Si P & Om GS
L>o pref 25U Do pref 140
Baltimore & hio 17 St PM & M 129
Canada Pacific ... 79% Ho Pacific 12V4
Canada Southern. 4G So Railway 7%
Cent Pacific 11 % Do pref 25%
Ches & Ohio ls^ Texas & Pacific. 10
Chi & Alton 154 Union Pacific .... &2%
Chi B & Q 92 U P D &. G 6%
-Chi & E 111 51 Wabash 6%
C C C & 5tL...... 27 Do pref. W4
Do pref 7S?i Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson lOti^ Do pref BT4
Del L & W 144 V* Express Companies-
Den & R G 10% Adams Ex 100
Do rref 43V 4 American Ex .... 120
Erie (new) 12 United States ... 38
Do Ist pref 32% Wells Farsro 114
Ft Wayne 16* Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref 147 A Cot Oil 16%
Hocking \ alley .. .> l 4| Do pref 67%
Illinois Cent 98%!Amn Spirits 9
Lake Erie & W.. 3V4 i Do pref 21%
Do pref 70 Am Tobacco 109%
Lake Shore ISO Do pref 113
Louis & Nash 48U Chicago Gas 90% I
Manhattan L 95% Cons Gas 177%
Met Traction ... 138 Com Cable Co ISO
Mien i_ent 102 Col F & Iron 18%
Minn & St L 24 I Do pret 90
IX) Ist pref SU Gen Electric 314
Mo Pacific 26 Illinois Steel 45
Mobile & 0hi0...' 27 Laclede Gas WA
Mo X & T 10»i Lead 23%
Do-pref 31V Do pref 103>;
Chi Ind & L 6% Nat Lin Oil 14
Do Dref 23 Or Imp Co 2s 1 -
N J Central MVi Pacific Mail 23%
N V Central .... 110^. Pullman Pal 172
N V Chi & S L... 12 Silver Cert sf>»i j
Do Ist pref .... 60 Stand R & T 3%
Do 2d pref 29 Sugar 116%
Nor West 12 Do pref 107
No Amer Co s>i T C & Iron l'J\
No Pacific , 22 T sijU S Leather 5%
Do pref 61*!,! Do pref 58
Ontario & W U% V S Rubber 16%
Or R & Nay 43%; Do pref 67% !
Or Short Line 23 |West I'nion BSlii
Pittsburg 168 C & N W 117%
Reading 16% 1 Do pref 172
Do Ist pref .... SBk]St L & S W 4
Rock Island S5 1 4l Do pref 8%
St L * S F 6Vi R G W 23
Do Ist pref 56 Do pref 53%
Do 2d pref .... 2"4 Ch: G W 10\
St Paul SS-VHaw Com Co 23
Do pref 141V1I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 120 N Carolina 6s ... 120
Do coup 121 Do 4s lu2
U S 4s ins No Pac lsts 113
Do coup 110% Do 3s 59%
Do 2ds !>5 Do 4s 93',i
L* S 5s reg 110% N V C & S L 45.. 101%
Do 5s coup .... 112 Nor & W 6s US
District 3.65s 11* Northwstrn cons. 141%
Ala class A 108% Do deb f.s 116
Do B 105 O Nay lsts T. 4 i
Do C 95 O Nay 4s 92% •
Do Currency ... 93 OS Line 6s tr 120
Atohison 4s $6*4 O S Line 5s tr.... 97% I
Do adj 4a 58 O Imp lsts tr.... 106
Can So 2c!s 106 Do 5s tr 53%
Chi Term 4s .... 81% Pacific 6s of 95.. 103
C & Ohio 5s 113 Reading 4s SO
CH & D 4H»-..- I"-' 3 * R G W lsts 80
D & R G lsts.... 10S SL & IM C to.. 57%
D & R G 4s 89% S L & S F G 65.. 1*614
East Term lsts.. 105% St P Con 140
Erie Gen 4s ...... 69 St PC & P lsts.. 117
F W & D lsts tf. 67 Do 5s M 5
Gen Elec 5s 100 So Ry 5s 89
GH& S A 65.... 105 Stand R & T 65.. 54
Do 2ds IC3 Term new set 3s. 85
H & T C 5s 110 T P L G lsts.... 99
Do con 6s 103 Do Rg 2ds 30%
Inwa C lsts 97 UPD & G lsts.. 54
La new cons 45.. 97% Wab Ist 5s ]%%
L &■ N Unl 45.... 85 Do 2ds 76%
Missouri 6s ioo w Shore 4s lfl6*f,
M X & T 2ds 59%' Va Centuries f.6%
Do 4s Sfi*;| Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lsts. 114 U P pref 52%
N J C 5s lll%i Do 4s 90
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar Jf Ontario 2 75
Crown Point If Ophlr 50
Con Cal & Va.... V Plymouth 12
Dead wood 75 Quicksilver 100
Gnuld & Curry... 10 Do pref 200
Hale & Noreross 65 Sierra Nevada ... 70 >
Hnmeslake 37 o<l l Standard 180
Iron Sliver S<!| Union Con 2fi
Mexican 20 1 Yellow Jacket ... 12
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April 15.— Atchlson. 11H; Bell Tel
ephone. 2*o; Hurlinjrton, 92; Mexican Central,
41.;;4 1 .;; Oregon Short Line, 28.
LONDU-. MARKETS.
i NEW YORK, April 15.-The Evening Posfs
i London financial cablegram says: A greneral
improvement was apparent to-day and a more
I confident tone, both In the money and stock
j markets. Delay is believed to be favorable to
i peace. Spanish 4s, the keynote to the market,
j were ithi and closed at 43%. Americans *ere
better, although there is little nltiatlve to buy
here. The close was quiet and dull. There
was a sharp rise in Argentines n Firis > up
port and in the belief that In the event of
war that country would benefit t>r ,ar?i! wheat
exports. Gold was in good demanJ for Ne-v
Y.>rk. Nearly £4,000,000 is now on the way to
London, chiefly from Africa, Japan, E.m - pt
j and Australia. Some also la coming from Ger
■ many.
Canadian Pacific, R2*4; Grand Trunk. 8. Par
silver, dull, 25 7 4 d per ounce. Money, 2%@3 per
j cent.
Spanish 4s closed 44H against U\i, the clos
; ing street price or yesterday.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April ]5.-FLOUR-Reeelpts,
14.40S barrels; exports, 15.553 barrels. Weak and
only salable on choice grades at 5-glOc decline;
Minneapolis patents, $5 20@5 50; winter extras
*3 er.<g>4 10.
WHKAT— Receipts, 89,723 bushels; exports,
15,997 bushels. Spot, weak; No. 2 red, $1 07 f!
o. b. afloat spot. Options easier and with few
exceptions very weak all day. Liquidation
was a feature, principally near the close, when
May went to pieces ami closed 3c net lower,
against I%*g2?ge. loss in other months. Addi
tional bear factors were lower cables, less
warlike news and better crop prospects in Cali
fornia. No. 2 red May, $1 (M'al 06^g, clufced
$1 04.
HOPS— DuII.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— There was a partial recovery of
the lc decline in to-day's market, and a bet
ter feeling prevailed, although business con
tinues light in most instances. At the close-
PlGlßON— Warrants were very dull, $6 65 bid
and $6 K5 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with buyers at $12
TlN— Quiet, but firmer, with $14 30 bid and
$14 40 asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4 25 bid and
$4 35 asked.
LEAD— Steadier, with $3 60 bid and $3 65
asked. According to the firm fixing the set
tling price for miners and smelters in the
West, Lead Is unchanged at $3 60.
COFFEE-^Optlons opened steady at un
changed prices; closed steady, with prices 5c
lower to 6 points net higher. Sales, 13,250 bags.
Including May, $5 fts. Spot Coffee— Rio, steady;
No. 7 invoice. 6%c: No. 7 Jobbing, 7%c; mild,
steady; Cordova, BVi'ir.<\
Sl'GAß— Raw, barely steady; fair refining,
3 9-16 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 1-lSc; refined,
steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4300 packages. Steady;
creamery, 17@20c: Elgins, 20o; factory, 12 1 , s 'Til6c.
EGGS — Receipts, 8400 packages. Steady; West
ern, lOVic; Southern, 9\^Q9%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, April 15.— California Dried
Fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, s@7ttc;
prime wire tray, 8c; wood dried prime, SVic;
choice, SV'zc; fancy, 9@9Hc
PRUNES-3y,@7%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, E'£@7c; Moorpark, Bhi@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, .rHffßc;. r HffBc; peeled, ll@Mc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 15.— Trade In wheat started
■with the usual jump in May and new high
prices were made for that delivery. May
closed yesterday at Jl 11H. but opened to-day
at all the way from $1 12 to $1 14, and in two
minutes' time it had been bid up to $1 15. Not
since 189? has wheat reached such a high
level. A sharp break to $1 10 followed, fol
lowed by a quick rally to Jl 11%. After that
all interest near the close was centered in
the avalanche. July opened at S?%@B7%c, com
pared with yesterday's closing price of 87% c.
Hundreds had It for sale at those figures, and
the decline which started did not halt until
86% c was recorded. There the market rested,
but only for a few minutes. Liquidation was
redoubled and it was estimated that at least
5, 000,000 bushels was dumped on the market
in the hour- and a half which followed the
opening, chiefly for Letter's account, and the
heavy lines he disposed of, coupled with his
enormous cash sales, the last week must
have materially reduced his line of holdings.
The Liverpool market was %@%d lower before
this market opened, but apart from that no
realization for the weakness could be gath
ered from th« news. The heavy holders were
evidently destined to realize their profits on
the r>-oent large advance, and their action
brought nearly all the small "tallers" in witti
their lines of long wheat. After the July price
had (rot down to S6V4c the market attain
quieted down to a certain extent, and up to
12:30 the decline was very gradual. But in the
last half hour's trading liquidation was re
sumed again and this time May also suffered,
though more from lack of support than from
an extensive offering. It was evident then
that the early bulge in May was part of a
cleverly prearranged plan to help Leiter li
quidate his July holdings, and It undoubtedly
did act as a steadying: Influence during the
n>3t tremendous fiord of wheat. The market
becam2 very weak toward the close and the
lowest prices of the day for July were quoted.
July closed at S4}i@64 T /4c; May closed Jl 09,
after selling at $1 08.
Corn was easier, principally In sympathy
with wheat. May closed %c .ower.
Oats were fairly active, weak and lower,
The weakness of wheat and coin was the main
factor. May closed %@%c lower.
Provisions were quite steady. Business was
very <!ull and fluctuations were very narrow.
The close was steady, May pork, lard ar.d ribs
each 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— . . - ,
May :....... 114 115 108 109
July S7TV 87% 84*4 M"4
September 87"4 78% 77% . 77»£
December 79% 79% 77% : 77%
Corn. No. 2—
May 30% 30% 29% . 29%
July 31-H 31% 31 31 •
September .'• 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats, No. 2—
May 2(!% 2(!% 25% 25%
July 23% 23% 23 23
Mess Pork, per bbl— --
May 9SO 9RO 975 980
July ......990 9 92% 9 87% 9 92%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May ........5 12% 515 5 12% 515
July 6 17% 525 . 5 17% 5 22%
September ...5 25 530 .6 25 530
Short Ribs, per 100 m<=—
May ..5 12% 515 5 12% 515
July ...5 17% 5 22% 5 17% 5 22%
September 525 530 525 : 630
Cash quotatioins — *re as follows: Flour,
stonily; No. 3 spring wheat, 93%(5f1; No. 2 red,
$1 OS: No. 2 Corn, 29T4(ff30T»c; No. 2 oats, 26',<.c;
No. 2 white, f.0.b., 30% c; No. 3 white, f.o b.,
28V,ff30c: No. 2 rye, 62% c: No. 2 barley, f.0.b.,
37® 45c: No. 1 flaxseed. M 23%; new, $1 24; prime
timothy sped. $2 85ft2 57% ; mess pork per bar
rel, W $o(fi9 85; lard per 100 pounds. }5 15; short
ribs sides (loose). $4 95^5 35: dry salted shoul
ders (boxfd). 4 l S<!ff4"ic:.. short clear sides (box
ed), $5 45(fr5 SS: whisky, distillers 1 finished
goods, per gallon, $1 20.
Article— Recelnt*. Shipment*.
Flour, hbls 8,000 R.OOO
Wheat, bu 36,000 . 157 000
Corn, bu 222,000 335.000
Oats, bu '. 238.01T0 187 000
Rye. bu 6,000 .• ... .; •■
Barley, bu 28,000 6,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
j market was steady; creameries, 15(S)19c' dairies ■
ll®17c; Cheese, quiet, S@BV4c; Eggs fresh'
9!* c. ■ " '
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
"Receipts. Shipments.
. ,  Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 135.040 49 140
! Duluth 31,064 4....!
Milwaukee 11.050 400
Chicago .36,438 156 850
Toledo 7,881 . 3.500
St. Louis 4,000 142 000
Detroit 6.536 '758
Kansas City 31,500 17,000
Totals 266,809 370,148
Tidewater —
Boston 58,206 69 345
New York 8*725 15*997
Philadelphia • !t? I '
Baltimore ...29,802 i 40."406
New Orleans 76 ono
Galveston ....... ...\;.\ ......
Totals 177,733 301748
PARIS FUTURES. i .
I Wheat- April. May. I
Opening 64 40 63 70
; Closing 64 00 63 25
Flour—
j Opening •' ....29 95 29 40
I Closing .-...29 90 29 10
■ • LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES. ' '■-'■
May. July. Pent. ' Dec
Opening 79% 7'% 6 9Si —
Closing 7 9»4 .7 7% 69% 68%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 15.— CATTLE-Most of the
cattle to-day were of poor grade and sold at
low prices. Sales were at |5@5 25 for choice
and $3 9G(!?4 20 for common, the bulk bring
ing $4 3C@4 SO. Calves were lower, the best
going at $5 lu'nC).
HOGS— slow at a further average re
duction of 2%c. Sales were largely at $3 85®
3 95. prime selected heavy selling at $4 and
prime light at $3 90: commonest, S3 70. Pigs, $3
©3 SO, largely at $3 35. s ' *^
SHEEP AND LAMBS-Were extremely dull
at weak prices. Sheep were slow at $4fft4 40 for
shorn, inferior sheep selling around $3 5003 75
prime wooled sheep. $4 60© 4 70. Lambs were
slow at $4 50Ti4 90 for shorn and $4 90@5 60 for
wooled, Colorado wooled flocks selling at $5 50
(gr. 60.
Receipts-Cattle, 2000;' Hogs. 25,000; Sheep.
(000. ...«■-■-,
OMAHA.
OMAHA. April 15. -CATTLE— Receipts, 2200.
Market lOc lower : native beef steers, '$3 90®
4 !»0; Western steers, $3 7004 70; Texas steers
$3 2594 40; cows and heifers, $3 2504 40; st '■> -k
?ja _ and feeders, - $o So©4 90; bulls, stags, etc.,
%l 50 'f 3 SO.
«, l iS ; , s r Recelpt9 . 600 °- Market lower; heavy,
bl^of''k.s: x^^/^ 3 70; vu * ht - »«•»«»:
SHEEP-Reoelpts 10,400. Market steady;
t. lo , t choice natives. JTft«4 86; fair 'o
choice Westerns, $3 70@4 70; lambs, $4 25@5 SO.
KANSAS , CITY.
KANSAS CITY, - April 15. -CATTLE -Re
ceipts, 3500. Lightweight cattle, active i©Jtic
ti-'rj he a% T steers, steady, dv.i; dressed beef.
UU JJ B '' t t^; '" cludln S Western and Texas steers
at $4f,4 30; etockers and feeders, quiet, $4®
5 10; cows and light heifers about steady SSiOc
i°s? r u ff?ief t? 84 50: westerns - »^°®
HOGS— Receipts, official. 12,600 Market
steady; sales largely $3 60@3 SO; heavy, $3 70®
3 9u : mixed and medium. $3 60@3 S2i4: li>rht<i
13 5093 70; pits, $3 255?3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, official. UK. Sheep, ac
tive, strong: Texas ewes, Si 35; mixed, sheep
and yearlings, U 95, and Western lambs $4 Mi
sjs 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, April 15.-CATTLE— Receipts, 400.
Market, steady; beef steers. $3 40ig4 45; cows,
f.^i?, 76; feeders, freight paid to river, ftfu 25
stockers do, <4fa4 50; bulls and stags, $2(S<3
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market, weak and
lower; light packers, $3 65@3 72&; mixed, $3 60
<&3 70: heavy, $3 6»g3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 210. Market, firm; good
fat muttons, $3 25?i4 3U; lambs, $4 40«5 40.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April 15.— The Commercial Bulletin
■will say to-morrow of the Wool market: All
records for dull business are broken as far as
domestic Wools are concerned. Beyond sample
bags thpre has been no business except some
small lots of scoured yarns growth fine Texas
sold by an outside 6i>eculator at 46c. The
sales of foreign are swollen by the shipment of
p;ut of a wrecked cargo, 458 bales of Cape
Wool, in bond .to Canada. All credits are now
most carefully scanned, especially since the
utterly unexpected assignment of the felt works
at Dolgeville has succeeded the partially an
ticipated failure of Sawyer & Manning. The
grfat worsted mills have begun to shut down
machinery.
FOREIGN MARKET.
LONDON, April If..— Consols, 110%; silver,
16%: French rentes. 102f 62Vfec.
LIVERPOOL, April 15.— Wheat firm; No. 1
standard California, 40s; cargoes Walla Walla
wheat. 38s 3d; cargoes off coast nothing doing,
j 6d higher; cargoes on passage, sellers at an
advance of 6d; English country markets. Is
dearer; French country markets, firm; Liver
pool wheat. No. 1 California, 8s li ; ..d;SSs 2d;
1 wheat in Paris weak; flour in Paris' weak'
weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 15-32.
CLOSE.
: WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Northern spring firm
| 8s 3Vid. *
CORN— April, quiet, 3s sd; May, quiet 3s
4' /a d; July, quiet. 3s 4%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. April 13— As high as BSc has
been paid for Walla Walla wheat to-day, but a
stiffening in charters with the belief that Liv
erpool might follow Chicago to-day prevented
exporters from going much above S2@B3c for
\\ alia Walla. Valley and blue stem were sold
at S6c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aur.i 16.— Wheat strong; No. 1
club, S4r~B6c; No. lblue stem, 87@8Sc.
DUN'S REVIEW* OF TRADE.
TJEW YORK, April 15.-R. O. r>un & Co.'a
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
The meaning of Congress regarding Spain is
not in doubt, but the form of declaration at
this hour is in question. Preparations for war
continue as if it were inevitable. There Is
some hindrance In business and yet the vol
ume of payments through clearing houses is
still 12.9 per cent larger than last year, and
outside of New York about 2.2 per cent larger
than in 1892, though speculative stagnation
here makes the aggregate lower. New York
banks may now realize that they are strong
enough for all possible emergencies and may
give the Government valuable aid by greater
freedom in business loans. Sound New York
banks are not in the least alarmed about tha
business situation, nor have they any occa
sion for alarm. p
The industries are doing well, because they
have enormous orders taken In February and
March or earlier, which Insure operations for
periods varying from a fortnight to several
months. But the new orders, upon which they
have to rely if partial stoppage or closing of
many works is to be prevented, are lust now
restricted by apprehension about the money
market and the possibility of loans. In the
Iron business there are orders for about 20 000
tons of structural work held up by questions
of law; in Chicago the large postofflce order
is yet waiting, and the Russian order for
rails is still pending, possibly because of finan
cial difficulties. While new business in this
line is still very heavy, the production Is so
large that It may easily be disastrously check
ed by a persistent restriction of the current
demand. But foreign orders for six large ves
sels are pending In Eastern shipyards, and
actual orders for cars alone cover 20 000 tons
basic steel at Pittsburg. Angles have ad
vanced $1 per ton and structural works are all
crowded with orders, while pipes are in heavy
demand.
With prices for print cloths still at the low
est point ever touched, buying: of cotton goods
Is more hindered than many are willing to
admit by the idea that other goods, not equal
ly overproduced, may likewise decline In price.
The stagnation In wool is something remarka
ble, the total sales at the three chief mar
kets having been only 1,182,144 pounds, against
9, 61*. 600 last year, and in the first half of
April only 3.385,044 pounds, against 22,346.000
pounds a year ago. Manufacturers are still
waiting, although somewhat encouraged by a
rather better tone in the clothing trade of late.
They have ample orders for the present in most
lines, though not in all. Wheat rose o 1 * cents
and held 2V2 cents for the week, although At
lantic exports for the week have been 3,045.021
bushels (flour Included), against 57fi,719 bush
els last year, and Pacific exports 827,36* bush
els, against 212,056 last year. The total from
both coasts for two weeks of April has been 7,
379.136 bushels, against 3.057. 452 bushels last
year. The receipts from Western farms show
some decrease for the week, but for two weeks
are only about 600, 000 bushels smaller than a
year ago. Meanwhile, it Is astonishing that
receipts of corn continue remarkably heavy,
for the week more than 1.000.000. larger than
last year, and for two weeks more than 1.
650,000 bushels, and the exports for the week
have been 4,653,031 bushels, against 2.705.73S
bushels last year and for half of April 5, 146,681,
against 6.032,015 bushels last year. Such ex
traordinary exports of corn go lar to show that
the outward movement of wheat is by no
means of a speculative character, nor likely
to diminish speedily. The official report shows
that exports In March were 15.459.575 bushels
of wheat (flour included), against 7.901.722
bushels last year, and In nine months from
the principal ports, 163,909,730 bushels, against
132,676,463 last year Meanwhile, the exports
of corn In the nl;ie months have been 135.905,
934 bushels, against 136.634,231 last year.
The volume of legitimate business Is enor
mous. Meanwhile failures are remarkably
small for the week: there have been 2:>4 in the
United States against 207 last year, and 18 in
Canada, against 30 last year.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, April IS.— The following table,
compiled by Rradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-nine cities for the week ended
April 14, with the percentage of increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage
Inc. Dec.
New York $603,745. 658 14.9
Boston 91,575,137 3.7
Chicago 107.M4.936 29.4 ....
Philadelphia 68,171,827 3.6
St Louis 25.M6.291 4.3
Pittsburg 16,754.847 6.6
Baltimore lfi, 030.034 18.6
San Francisco 17,156.935 14.3
Cincinnati 13.342.9.V) 5.6
Kansas City 12,877,175 13.1
Minneapolis 5,99«,055 25.2
Minneapolis 5,996,055 2.6
Detroit 6,949,240 8.2
Cleveland 6.972,580 8.6
Louisville 6,396,901 16.1
Providence 5.131,500 .... 4.2
Milwaukee 4.522,963 7.8
St Paul 3.355.336 17.5
Buffalo 3,958,744 17.4
Omaha 5.657.95S 27.5
Indianapolis 4,959.023 29.6
Columbus, 0 4,541. 900 12.5
Savannah 1,843,901 .... 18.5
Denver 2.602,790 19.5
Hartford 2.297,913 .... 2.7
Richmond 2,826,411
Memphis '1,9:8,785 27.5
Washington 2.132.612 15. 4
peorla .' 1.653.802 17.1
Rochester 1.564.245 8.2
New Haven 1.432.373 23.0
Worcester 1.758,359 20.5
Atlanta 1,342,076 6.0
Salt Lake City 1,606,931 52.0
Springfield, Mass 1,372.058
Fort Worth 1.750,593 24.6
Portland, Me 1.123,096 17.1
Portland, Or 2.013,086 101.5
St. Joseph 2,669.085 122.0
Los Angeles 1.614.968 20.6
Norfolk ('G6.766 22.8
Syracuse' 1.227,374 29.9
Dcs Moines 1,269,079 25.6
Nashville 1,233.360 10.1
Wilmington, Del 754,967 5.9
Fall River 803,075 4.8
Scranton 743,013 1.0
Grand Rapids 948,796 43.6
Augusta, Ga 677,099 .... 14.6
Lowell 692.031 .... 6.0
Dayton, O 786,387 12.4
Seattle 1.814,588 232 iS
Tacoma 1,049.316 159.0
Spokane 854.312 74.0
Sioux City 717.286 61.6
New Bedford 693,827 20.7
Knoxville, Term 540,746 9.4 ....
Topeka 888,785 39.6
Birmingham 461,716 24.2
Wichita 427.787 6.4
Binghamton 356,100 3.1
Lincoln 321,728
Lexington, Ky 432,246 36.7
JacksonvMte, Fla 222,963 8.6
KalamaaOO 339,229 44.2
Akron 313,1i'0 2:,.7
Bay City 232,963 35.9
Chattanooga 376. iKH) 45.1 ....
Rockford, IH 247.125 9.7
Canton, 0 329.900
Springfield, 0 172.019 9.4
Fargo, N. D 285,092 106.5
Sioux Falls, S. D 109,221 106.2
Hastings, Neb 133,077 M.B
Fremont. Neb 109.211 113.6
Davenport (30,111 21.8
Toledo 1,659.661 .... 1.6
Galveston 5,044,4n0 13.9
Houston 5,636,545 4.0 ....
Youngstown 264,551
Macon, Ga 514. 0<-0
Evansvllle, Ind 805.091
Helena 538,068
Totals. U. S $1, 084,959,513 13.3
Totals outside N. V... 451, 213,825 11.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $8. 721. 075 10.6
Toronto 6. 126_506 6.6
Winnipeg 1.257.159 31.7
Halifax 1.1Q5.266 21.1
Hamilton 609,^57 2.0 . .
St. John, N. B 454,894 .... 9.3
Totals 115.277,758 .... To
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: The effect of the prevailing un
certainty in foreign affairs Is reflected in a
further perceptible quieting down of general
trade, so far as future engagements are con
cerned, ir. nearly all parts of the country.
While there is a little more activity to be
noted In the demand for seasonable staples at
the West and Northwest, where better weather
has helped retail and wholesale trade alike,
rather more quiet is reported at the East and
at the South Atlantic and Gulf ports, where
the Interruption to business has become par
ticularly serious, owing to the foreign con
troversy. The least notable effects yet ex
hibited are found In the Central West, where
distributive demand and movement are report
ed of a seasonable character, the only changes
njted, in fact, being the strengthening of
money rates and the discouragement of new
enterprises, such as railroad building. In the
Iron trade business continues of large vol
ume, but the bulk of this Is claimed to be on
aciount of orders previously booked, and new
business, where noted, is for small individual
lots. Price weakness Js more marked also than
for some time past. A feature of the week is
reported to be the gradual getting together of
the non-Bessemer Iron purchasers, who follow
ing the example set by other branches of that
business, are said to have formed a combine
which will include nearly all the manufactur
ers of foundry plgiron between the Alleghanies
and the Rocky Mountains. Wool continues dull
at nominal prices at the East, and the activ
ity in dry goods is confined chiefly to goods
needed at once. Cotton goods prices are steady
except for iTlnt cloths and talk of curtailing
produ"lton Is continued. Low-price woolens
continue in most active demand in this branch
of trade. A heavy export demand is reported
ami prices aro considerably higher. The price
situaticn is one of comparative steadiness
Foreign imnr»f sions as to the situation in
Cuba are redacted in sharp advances in wheat,
flour, corn and lard and other food products
Declines are to be seen In Bessemer pig-iron
steel billets, coffee, sugar and lead, while as
compared with a week ngo, the price of oats,
pork, beef, molasses, copper, cotton, wool and
the manufactured products of both of those
staples are generally steady and unchanged
The business failures in the United States
for the week number 215, against 220 last week
195 In the corresponding week of 1597. 244 In
1806 and 219 in 1895.
Exports of cereals are larger. The shipments
of wheat (Hour Included) this week from the
United States and Canada aggregate 4,044 000
bunhels, against 3,778,000 bushels last week,
1.344,000 bushels In this week a year ago, 2,017 -
000 bushels In 1596, 3.165,000 bushels in 1895 and
3,019,000 bushels In 1594.
REVIEW OF THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 15.— Bradstrwt's, of the
New York stock market to-day, to-morrow w..i
say: While the public continues to watch the
stock market intently it takes no active part
in the proceedings. The professionals have ap
parently arrived at the conclusion that the un
favorable elements in the situation have been
discounted and that prices are more likely to
advance than to decline, no matter what the
outcome of the country's relations with Spain
may be. Stocks have passed largely into strong
hands and the floating supply of them is small
The short interest Is very much reduced
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April ltV—T*»-dar?« state
ment of the condition of the Tro.-nury shows-
Available cash balance, J222,705,602; g>i} u 
serre, $179,703,960.
PORTLAND'S BUSINES9.
PORTLAND. April 15.— Exchanges, $239,240;
balances, $42.275.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 SIH
Sterling Exchan- GO days — 4 84^
Sterling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce — U%
Mexican Dollars 46 46ft
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market showed no particular
change. A decline at Chicago was offset by an
advance abroad aaid the continued dry weather
I here, which kept quotations stationary.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 57HS?
1 60 for No. 1, $; 62>- for choice and $1 6o@
1.0 per ctl for extra choice for. milling. "
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
1 8000 ctls, $1 56; 2000, $1 56%; 4000, $1 56H; 14,000,
|$1 56%. . • »:■;.■...-,■ ■■'■;•.
i • Second Session— December— 2000 ctls $1 56U
i 4000, $1 56%: 14,000. $1 56%.
I Regular Morning Session— December— 6000 ctls
isl 56>, : 4000, $1 56*.; 6000. $1 56»».
Afternoon Session - December — 2000 • ctla
$156V 4 : 6000, $1 56%; . SOOO, $1561*. May— 2ooo.
$1 B3S; 6000, $1 59%. . . „
BARLEY— The petering out of the rain pros
j pects • hardened the market again, as will be
Been by the quotations.
Feed, $1 40@l 42&; Brewing, nominal.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 3S. May— 2ooo. $1 40.
Second Session — December — ctls, $1 39;
4000. $1 39%: 10,000, $1 39Vs.
Regular Morning — December— 2ooo ctls.
$1 39%; 2000, $1 39%; 6000, $1 39.
Afternoon Session— December— ctls, $1 39;
2000, $1 35%. May— 2ooo, $1 42.
I OATS— The feeling, is firm, with a fair de-
I mand. .
Fancy Feed. $1 42V.W1 45 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 37V,@1 42H: common, $1 30®l 35; Sur
prise, $1 37M,ffli 45; gray, $1 SOt&l 35; milling.
$1 35!ffl 42H per ctl.
CORN— Previous quotations ruled, though
there was very little doing.
Small round yellow, $1 latffl 20 per ctl; large
yellow. Ji ]?utf?i r>: white, $1 15@1 17V4.
RYE— sl 40 per ctl.
BUCK\ :IEAT-$1 90ig2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras. J5 25@5 35; Bakers-
Extras, |5@5 10 per bbl.
MlLLS'!' l,'FFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats. $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25® 3 50: Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 SO
©6 20. in sacks, $5 60@6: Pearl Barley, $1 75;
Split Peas, $4 25: Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Another dollar was added to the price of Hay
yesterday. Timothy Is arriving from Ore
gon, and Alfalfa from Utah will be on the
market in a day or two. The consignment is
said to consist of two cars.
No further change In Feedstuffs is reported.
BRAN— 92IO2I 60 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-$23@25 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS -Rolled Barley, $30@31 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31(&:il 50; Job
bing, $32fj32 50; Cocoanut Cake, 524fi25; Cot
tonseed Meal, $25«?30 per ton; Cornmeal. $24;
Cracked Corn, $24<g'25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $22 50W
26 50; Wheat and Oat, $21<ii25; Oat, $19fi22 50;
Barley, nominal; compressed Wheat, 122025;
compressed Oat. $20fi22 50; Alfalfa. $HlilC;
Clover, nominal: Oregon Timothy, ?14©16.
STRAW— 6O<& 7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are rising again, the advance being
more pronounced In the white descriptions.
Holders are very firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 So@2 95; Small Whites,
$1 50@1.65; l^arge Whites, $1 50@l 66; Pinks,
$2 60®2 65: Reds, $2 25; Blackeye, $2 9003;
Butters, $1 40@l GO: Limas. $2 35(52 45; Pea,
(1500163; Red Kidneys. $2(fT2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2(??3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, J3l/3 15;. Flax. $2 35; Canary Seed,
2%&2\c per lb: Alfalfa, 3©6 c; Rape, 2Vi@2%c;
Hemp. 23403 c; Timothy, s@s>-4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@l 85; Green, $1 75
ifi2 per ctl. ... : ' ■:-. , ■::■.;:
POTATOES. ■ ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There is no particular change to report in
anything. The Vegetable market keeps well
supplied.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 30fJ:35c; River Reds,
50@60c; River Burbanks, 50@60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 55SiS5c; Petaluma Burbanks, 50
@70c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, 7,'>c<y.Jl 10 for
Merced: new Potatoes, 'i'iiic per lb.
ONIONS-Choice. $2 50«?2 86; common, $1 75@
225 per ctl ; cut Onion?, 50t@l 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1150 boxen As
paragus, 650 boxes Rhubarb and 6i>3 sacks Peas.
Asparagus. $1 7r>f/2 for extra large, $1 25if?l 50
per box for No. 1, 50c®$l for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25
!£6oc per box for small to good and 75c for
extra choice; Alameda Green Peas, 75cS*$l 25
per sack: Dried Peppers. Ci@7c per lb; Dried
Okra, 12>*c; Cabbage, 65(?r75c per ctl; Carrots,
25@60c per sack; Garlic. SftlOe per lb; Cucum
bers, 25c@$l per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, 75c
©} 75.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 120 per lb in lots of 23
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16filSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
2oc; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The free receipts from the East this week
have lowered the market for several descrip
tions.
I'iiI'LTRY- Live Turkeys. 11<?i13c for Gob
blers, and 12f513c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
JKil 50; Goslings, $2fi2 60; Ducks, $3 fiOg l *, 50 for
old and $sffiS lor young; Hens, $4fi4 50: Roos
ters, young-, $7 50(gS; Roosters, old, $3 75@4;
Fryers, JCS 1 '; Broilers, $4 60@6 50 for large,
$2 SOO3 GO for small: Pigeons, $1 7.'(a2 per
dozen for young and $1 25(gl 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs are a fraction weaker. Butter rules
rather firm than otherwise. There is no
change in Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, lSMt@l9%c; sec
onds. 17@18c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 17@lSHc; second
grades, 145 per lb.
Eastern Imitation creamery, 16@16}£e;
ladle-picked, li><{?l6c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
to good, 7H@S>£c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young- America, lOJfllc; Western, ll@12c; East
' crn 12Ui313Vic per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 13@14c per dozen; store
Eggs. 12@13%c;- Eastern, 12&@13&c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS .' FRUITS.
Oranges continue firm. Lemons and Limes
are quiet. Strawberries are about the same,
receipts being insignificant.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, 60@75c per drawer for large and
$l(f/'l 25 for small berries.
Apples, 40@50c per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 25@1.50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. $1 25@2 50;
Seedlings, 50c®$l; Lemons, 50c@$l for common
and $1 25@'2 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$4@4 50; California Limes, in small boxes, 40®
60c;- Bananas, $1 25®2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$J@4 per dozen. *
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Buyers seem to be running on Prunes and
Honey at the moment, and the prospects are
good for a small advance In the former before
long. Peaches and Apricots are firm and sell
ing well.
DRIED FRUITS — Prunes, carload lots, 3*l®
4%c for 40-50 - s. 3%@3?ic for 60-60' s. 2%@3Vic for
CO-70'8, 2V*@2«ic for 70-SO's. l\@2V4c for 80-90's,
lV*@l%c for 90-100's; Peaches, 3(ssc; fancy, 5%
@6o; peeled, 10@12'^c; Apricots, s@6V4c for Roy
als and 7@Bc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 6Vi(s : 7c; sun-dried, 4 r a.">c :
Black Figs. In packs, 2<@2!»e; Plums, 4V4@'4%c
for pitted and KfflVse for unpltted; bleached
Plums, f.@s\ic; Nectarines, 4<goc for prime to
■fancy; Pears, 2H<(i4M!C for quarters and SigS'jc
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS — l>2*S2c for two-crown, Sc for threc
crown, 3>«.c for four-crown, 4Wc for Seedless
Sultanas, 2'ic for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2V4c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per lb:
Walnuts, 3«i4c for hardshell and 4<5-6c for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4e for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, SHiß^c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4<§'sViC for Eastern and 4MjC for California; Pe
cans, tttOSc: Filberts, SVr@loc; Brazil Nuts,
S<<r9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. 9<j?loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s%ig6c;
light amber extracted, 4%@5 I.jC1 .jC per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9>4c per lb for
heavy, D&c for light medium, 10% c for light,
lie for extra light and 12V4c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10H@Hc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, $11@12; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess,
$16; Smoked Beef, Il<g:i2c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s^c per tt>
for compound and 7c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces, s^c per tb for compound
and 6iic for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-tb tins,
7Mic; 5-rb tins. Sc.
COTTOLENE-Tierces. s%@6Hc; packages,
less than 300 !bs— l-Tb pailß, 60 In a case. B%c;
3-tb palls. 20 in a case, B%c; 5-tb pails. 12 In a
case. 814 c; 10-tb pails. 6 In a case. B^c; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7Hc; wooden buckets, 20
lt>s net, 7%c: fancy tubs, 80 It>s net, 7%c; half
bbls, about HO lbs, 7Vic per lb.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There Is no change In any descrlptloa Trade
is dull all around
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c; Stags. 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
Hides, 16!gl6Msc; culls and brands, 13(g-13Vac ;
dry Kip and Veal, 16@16^c; dry Calf, lS@2oc;
culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 30@>37Vsc each; Kids,
6<S'loc; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c per tt>;
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20@30c each; short wool, 4fi@Toc each;
medium, 70@90c; long wools, 90c@|l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3Hc per tb; No.
2, 21J2VJC: refined. sc: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern
12@13c; Northern, defective, 9<SUc per Ib.
Jacob Wollner's circular says:
"The wool market, both here and In the East,
is Just the same as it has been for the last
three or four months. There Is no wool sell
ing and no inquiry. Usually during the preva
lence of a dull sjriell there Is some looking
around for weak spots or wools in weak hands
that try to effect sales by offering below the
market, but such Is not the case, however, at
present. Although there is no market, prices
are not shaded and cannot be quoted lower
than they were at the beginning of the year.
As soon as the war scare is settled we can
look for some business. There have been no
sales at all in this market anil »-->w wool*
which arrived <iuite freely on consignment are
not offered, as there is no use in owning them
if there are no buyers.
"Some of the Interior newspapers claim. that
the San Francisco wool merchants have com
bined and agreed not to buy any wools In the
country. so that the growers would have to
ship their wools to this market on consignment.
If we had a market or any demand at all
there would be lots of buyers in the country,
but as most of the wool dealers have .large
stocks on hand from last year they do not
feel like loading up with new wool when they
cannot sell It at present. Just as soon as
business is revived there Is no doubt but that
we will have plenty of buyers."
HOPS— IB 96 crop. 2;?ine for poor to fair and
B@loc for good; 1597 crop, ll@l4c per Ib.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
No further changes In values are reported.
Hogs are weak and coming in freely.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. §\i,<tilc; second quality.
s%<S6c; third quality. 4@Sc per It).
VEAL— Large, C(u>i'^c; small, ~&~Mc per Kb.
MUTTON— Wethers, SH@9c; Ewes. SgS^e
per Ib.
LAMB— Spring. 9®lPc per !t>.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%@3"ic for large and 4c
for medium; stock Hogs, 2®2>£c; dressed Hogs,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $S; Southneld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend,
47 50: Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and $11 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite. Egg,
$14; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs,'
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12
per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
Hanlson's circular says:
"The following coal deliveries have been
made here this week, viz. five from British
Columbia, with 17.33s tons; two from Wash
ington, 6400 tons; two from Oregon, 1030 tons;
two from Australia. 4Sf>9 tons; total. 29.627 tons.
The arrivals are about equal to our consump
tion, hence prices remain about the same and
stocks In yards are undisturbed. Jobbers re
port trade dull; profits are fair, but orders are
not coming in freely. Some of our factories
are liberal fuel consumers, filling orders which
have been created by the anticipated needs of
our Government in case of war being declared.
This has made values steady for steam grades.
But few contracts are being made for future
deliveries of foreign coal, as the margins of
profit are cut so fine that the importers can
not cover their sales if a war insurance rate
is added. Coal is an article contraband of
war. hence liable to confiscation If the carrier
of same should be overtaken by Spanish gun
boats or privateers, if destined for an Amer
ican port, besides being a munition of war
which the Spaniards moet need. It Is most
singular that Australian and .English coal
freights have not been materially advanced in
view of the dismal outlook for grain carriers
to receive a moderate compensation for their
services on arrival here. If they continue to
come it is an undeniable fact that the carry-
Ing trade of the world Is at a very low ebb.
and other ports offer no better inducements
than we do.
, RlCE— Chinese mixed, $4 40<7?>4 50 per ctl: No
\: fi,s°i f4 s°: °-*™ No. 1. «5 r.@s 50; Hawaiian, '
37H®5 50; Japan. $5 25(^5 40; Rangoon, $4 75.
SUGAR— Western Suzar Hennery Com
pany ouotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6v4c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. 51ic: Confectioners' A 5%.-- Mag
nolia A. .VHp: Extm C, sV!<v Golden C sV4<v
Candy Granulated, 5»4c; California A, 314 c per
Ib: half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes He more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. April 15.
Flour, qr sks ... 14.2."- Straw, tons 8'
Wheat, ctls 88.509 Raisins, bxs .... 1 66S
Barley, ctls 30,266 Wool, bales . . '378
Butter, ctls 338 Eggs, doz 13,020
Cheese, ctls 12f! Quicksilver. flak. 86
Tallow, ctls 243 Leather, rolls ... 82
Beans, ska 1,477 Wine, gals 49.000
Potatoes, sks ... 1,410 Brandy, gals .... 3,140
Bran, sks 110 Pelts, bdls 116
Middlings, sks .. 1,085 Hides, no 144
Hops, bales 13 Lime, bbls SI
Hay, tons 140 i
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 9,281 1 Potatoes, ska ... 1.241
Wheat, ctls 9,000 Onions, sks 170
Barley, ctls 1,010 Bran. sks. -_-... 4.465
Oats, ctls 300 Middlings. .. 1 00"
FAMILT RETAIL MARJ"E/V
Butter and Eggs sell at last week's prices.
Some kinds of Poultry are cheaper. Meats
are unchanged. A few small changes in Fish
will be observed.
Strawberries are cheaper, but receipts are
still small.
The Vegetable market is well supplied and
several kinds are cheaper.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel I ftOi Castle Gate.. 11 00@
Wellington . <& 10 00 j Pleasant Vl.ll ou@
New Welling- I Southfield
ton <SlO 001 Wellington — & 950
Seattle 8 00@ 1 Coos 8ay.... . @i 50
Dairy Produce, etc.—'
Butter, fancy, per | Common Eggs....ls@
square 40@45 ; Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 35@37| doz 15@20
Do, good 30@ — I Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10®12' lb 12015
Cheese, Eastern.. 15W201 Do, extracted... Sjilo
Cheese, Swiss 20538|
Meats, per pound-
Bacon 12@17|Pork, fresh 12<315
Beef, choice 12@15 1 Pork, salt 10@12
Do, good 81M0 Pork Chops USlfi
Corned Beef 8® 10 Round Steak 10®—
Ham, Cal 12Vi@15 Sirloin Steak.... 12ii®_
Do, Eastern -Oli Porterhouse d 0... 17@20
Lard 12@15 Smoked Beef — @15
Mutton 10®U Pork Sausages — @2*
Spring Lamb 12<S>15 Veal 12@15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each.... 50@ 60ITurkeys. Pr lb 16® 18
Young Roost- j Ducks, each ... -60 75
ers, each 6J@ 85: Geese, each l 26®2 ipo
Old Roosters, I Pigeons, pair. 25@ 50
each 50@ — Rabbits, pair. @ 40
Fryers, each.. 65@ — Hare, each @ 20
Broilers, each. 40® 60 1
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 12<Q1~) Oranges, doz 13<S'4O
Apples, lb 3ffl> 5 Raisins, lb 5&10
Bananas, doz 15«f2Q Strawberries, pr
Lemons, doz 201&25 basket lS'ffSS
Limes, doz 10<glo Walnuts, lb 15<&'—
Vegetables —
Asparagus, lb — r>® S Dried Okra. lb — @20
Artichokes, d0z.. 20i?, 35 Onions, lb 4^5
Beets, do- 12@li> Peppers, dried 10wi«
Beans, White, lb.. 4@ o Potatoes, lb :\g! 3
Colored, lb 4® 5 Do Sweet —@ 3
Lima, lb 5@ 6 Parsnips, doz... 15<a">o
Cabbage, each.... 5(f?10 Rhubarb, lb 435
Cauliflowers, each 5«jlO Radishes, dz bchs 10313
Celery, bunch s@— Sags, lb 25535
Cress, doz bch5... 20^25 String Beans, lb..— @—
Cucumbers, dz..so@t 00 ! Thyme. lb 20^30
Green Peas, lb — 40 5 1 Turnips, doz 15020
Lentils, lb 6@ S I Tomatoes, lb lOoIC
Lettuce, doz 15@25 I
Fish, per pound-
Barracuda 10@12 Shrimps s#io
Carp o® 8 Shad s<3>—
Codfish B@lo Sea Bass — fflO
Flounders 6@ 8 Smelts 12Ji15
Herring '"9~ Soles — mlO
Halibut lSfilfi Skates, each offiio
Kingfish — (fflO Tomcod 10®i2
Mackerel — ® — Clams, pal
Do Horse — «?— Do hardshell, 100.40050
Perch 10@ — Crabs, each 10® 15
Pompano 1 SOa— Do softshell. dz..2;>»
Rockflsh lOOia Mussels, qt lO^l2
Salmon, unokedLSOS— Oysters, Cal, 100.. 40^?—
Salmon, fresh V2fil~i jDo Eastern, doz. .2:"<^4o
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. 1898.
Th.
9*
Moon's Phases.
It
21
■ 1
"T
15
IT
2
9
•O, ■ Full Moon.
\\zJ April 6.
4
16
23 j
WLiast Quarter
April 13.
x~v Kew Moon,
| V=/ April 20.
! -m First Quarter,
26 '
a
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey.
• Times and lieightS of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both placet.
APBIL-189S.
Saturday, April !•;.
Sunrises..... — 6:81
Sun Bets ..K:4B
Moon rises ...2:59 a. m.
lTlm«! FeQt {Tlme;
iL Wi )H V\n
Fe'et|™SSJFeet|SE2!Fe«
'L W :H Wl
.6 2:00 2.1 8:03
17 2:52 1.5 9:01
iS 8:40 0.9 10:00
IV 4:17 0.5 10:53
tO 4:57 0.2 11:42
!l 5:33 —0.1 12::«
12 6:19 — O.i ; 1:30
♦ -.' *:i*
4.9 1 3:1T2
6.01 3:40
5.0 4:15!
4.8 4:4S
4.6 6:20
4.3 5:51
u.o O.i
1.0 9:!
1.8 10 :(
1.7 10::
2.1 11:1
2.5 11:!
2.8 .
KCTVI— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day in the oruer of nccurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the flay, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives ths
last tide of the day, except when there art but
three tide*, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
■nd then the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plans of
reference Is the mean of tt lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARI..ER3.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants" Exchange, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
2122
mariners ' without regard to nationality and
!ree of expense.
Navigators are cot tally Invited to visit tb»
Jfftce. where complete sets or charts and salr-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
Of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time hall on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
(lie United States Naval Observatory at Mart
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time ■ r giving the error. If any, la
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlne papers the follow
ng day. W. S. Ht'GHFS.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. in charge.
STEAMERS TO AKKIVR.
STEAMEH.
Allceßlanchard '
Washteuaw ... . ;
Coos Bay
Umatllla
Crescent City.. |
Orizaba I
Pomona
City of Rio I
Newport ]
Samoa
Arcaia i
Empire !
State 01 Cat — I
Homer i
We«ott |
City Puebia.. .
North Fort —
i China ana Japan
! Seattle
Tacoma.
i Newport
Victoria * Pueet Sna. —
I Crescent City
|H\imooli!t
Sin Diego
China and Japan
: Pnnam.t
Hum bold l
Coos Hay
Coos H:i\'..
! Portland
HmnJ<oliU -■
Humboldt..
Victoria and Pugret Sound
Humoomt
Pan Uleg-o
Apr 1«
Apr 16
Apr 16
■Apr 17
Apr IT
Apr It
Apr M
Apr 19
Apr in
Apr 19
Apr In
Apr 19
Apr 20
Apr 20
AorSl
Apr 23
Apr 22
Apr 23
Apr 23
Santa Kosa. I
STEABiEKS TO SAIL.
STEAMER. I
Morgan Cy.i
Walla Wllo
Norm Fork I
Santa Rosa!
Orison
ABlanehrd
Cityof Para |
Coos Bay..
A lamed a ..
Weeott I
Orizaba- ..
Arcat.i
matllla. ..
Venus
Pomona.... |
Stitt* of Cal
Homer .... I
I Dkstisatioxl Sails. I Pi KB.
Alaska. Apr 16. i PM Pier o
Vie & PjrtSnd Apr IS. 10 am Pier 'J
Humboldt. .. Apr IT. a am Pier 2
San Die?o.... Apr IT. 11 AM Pier 11
Portland I Apr IS. 10 am I Pier 11
Taqulna Bay. Apr IS. 3 pm Pier 13
I Panama Apr IS. 12 M PM SS
Newport Apr W. am Pier 11
Sydney I Apr 20, 2 pm Plor 7
Humboidt. ..Apr 20. AM; Pier 13
IlumboiJt .... Apr 20.10 am Pier »
Coo* Uav . Apr 21. 10 am Pier li
Vie & Sno Apr U. 10 am Pier 9
ColnaiJapan Apr 21, 1 pm PM S3
] San Dleiro.... Apr 21. 11 am! Pier 11
Portland Apr 23. 10 am Pier 2*
Humboldt . Apr 28. 9am Pier 11
Sails.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydropraphlo Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco April
15, IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — t. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time. J. T. McMILLAN,
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, April 18.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15 hours from
Mendocino.
Btmr Australia, Houdlette, 61%, hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Oregon, Stephens, 58 hours from Port
land, via Astoria.
Stmr Santa Kosa, Alexander, 61V4 hours from
San Diego.
Bchr La Chilena, Matson, 9 hours from Fort
Ross.
Bohr Lizzie Prien, Hansen. 3 days from Co
quille River.
Schr Falcon. Llndholm, Cl days from Tahiti
via Fanning Island.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson. 26 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, 18 hours from Caspar.
CLEARED.
Friday. April 15.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, Unalaska; Alaska
Commercial Co.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Jtosenfeld's Sons.
Stmr Chilkat, Dunham. Eureka: Charles P
Doe.
Haw stmr Aztec, Trask. Yokohama and
Hongkong; Pac Mall S S Co.
Stm Walla Wai la, Wallace. Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Ship Kate Thomas, Thomas, Queenstown;
Epplnger & Co.
Ship Oriental, Parker, Bristol Bay: Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Ship Bohemia, Whalman, Bristol Bay: Alaska
Packers' Assn.
Bark W W Case, Thomsen, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
Bark Wllna, Slater, Vlalvostok; Roth. Blum
& Co. •
SAILED.
Friday, April 15.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, San Pedro.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Chilkat. Dunham. Eureka.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund.
Stmr Protrreao. Gilboy. Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson.
Ship Benjamin F Packard. Allen. Tacoma.
Ship Two Brothers. Wilson. Nanaimo.
Hark Roderick Dhu, Rock, Hilo.
Bktn C C Funk. Nlssen. Port Townsend.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land-
Ing-.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman. Bowens Landing.
Schr Albert Meyer. Kahulul via Fort Bragg.
Schr Nettie Low. Low. Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS, April 15. 10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, Nw; velocity. 30 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Albert Meyer loads redwood at Fort
BrasfK for Kahului: C C Funk, lumber on the
found for Sydney. 4,15; Tnnlhope, lumber on
the Sound for Callao 4a; Two Brothers, r-ai at
Jjeparture Bay lor this port.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed April 15— Stm Hueneme
for San Francisco; schr Gem. for San Fran
cisco; sehr Laura Pike, for San Francisco .
TACOMA — Sailed April 14 — Bark Gath
erer, for Ban Francisco.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived April 15— Schr
J Kppinper. hence April 13.
SEATTLE— SaiIed April 15— Schr "Wm Renton
for San Pedro.
FORT ROSS— Sailed April 15— Schr La Chil
ena. for San Francisco.
SKATTLE— SaiIed April 15— Stmr Protection,
for Pyea.
PORT HARFORD— Arrived April 15— Schr
Melancthon. from Grays Harbor.
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 15— Jap bark Tenklo
Maru. for Yokohama; stmr Pasadena, for .
Arrived April 15— Stmr State of California,
hence April 13.
NEWPORT— SaiIed April 15— Stmr National
City, from Astoria.
Sailed April 15 — Stmr Excelsior, for Orca.
NEWPORT — Arrived April 15— Stmr West
port, from .
SEATTLE— Arrived April 14— Stmr Cleveland,
hence April 12.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 15— Stmr Signal, fm
Pyea : stmr Rival, fr^ni Orca.
KT'RKK A— Arrived April 15— Stmr Weeott. he
April 13.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 14— Stmr Cleve
land, hence April 10.
HOQtlAM— Sailed April 15— Schr Charles R
"Wilson, for San Francisco; schr Dora Rluhm,
for San Francisco, nchr James A Garfleld, for
Ban Francisco; schr Maid of Orleans, for San
Franclsro. schr San Buenaventura, for Redon
do; echr Helen N Klmball. for San Francisco.
EASTE- N PORTS.
MARCTTS HOOK— Passed April 14— Shp Henry
Falling, from Philadelphia, for Port Los Ange
les.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived April 14— Ship E B
Button, from Yokohama.
MAZATLAN— April ' Schr Czar,
hence March 31.
BARRY— Arrived April 12— Br ship Simla, fm
Bristol.
CUXHAVEN— Passed April 12— Ger bark
Schlffbek. from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
FALMOUTH— Sailed April 14— Br bark Ben
Avon, for Havre. "'.',-.'
HONGKONG- Sailed April *-Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco.
, QUEENSTOWN— 15— Br ship Falls of
■Clyde, for Havre.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 21— Jap stmr
Riojan Maru, from Seattle.
Sailed March 21— Ship E B Button, for Royal
Roads.
• Arrived April 10— Haw stmr China, 'hence
March 23. April .4— Br stmr Argyll, from
Oregon. ■ . . , ... : .
KINSALE— Passed April 15— bark Dugues
clin. from" Oregon, for Queenstown.
ANTWERP— SaiIed April 14— Brk Galena, for
Ran Francisco.
VANCOUVER— Arrived April 12— Br Btmr
Athenian, from London. ■ ■
JORDAN INDICTED.
"United States Grand Jury Presented
a True Bill Against the Post
office Janitor.
The United States Grand Jury yester
day presented an Indictment In the United
States District Court against John W.
Jordan "for embezzling from the United
States mall a valuable letter" on the sth
of April of this year. .
Jordan is a colored man and had been
employc-d for about two years as porter
and janitor in the general delivery de
partment of the postofflce in the Custom
House building. For several weeks mail
from the interior addressed to the gen
eral delivery had been missing, together
with money inclosed in the letters. Pos
tal Inspectors Munro and Erwin set a
watch on Jordan and detected him in the
ii< t of abstracting from a letter silver
certificates to the value of $3.
Being caueht in the act Jordan con
fessed that he had been stealing money
from letters for two months. The let
ters he destroyed after opening, by burn
ing them in the stove in the general de
livery department. The prisoner will be
arraigned in Judi?e de Haven's court this
morning and will, no doubt, plead guilty,
as he is being prosecuted on only one
charge.
SMITHS' CASH STORE, 27 Market
street, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
WHERE WILL
THEY MEET ?
Democrats Searching fo:
a Home lor the Con-
vention.
San Francisco Too Attractive
a Place and the Delegates Do
Not Come to Meeting.
At the Session of the State Central
Committee To- Day the Workers
May Be Heard.
San Francisco Is laboring under a pe
culiar handicap. It Is too attractive;
when the people come In from the coun
try they do not attend strictly to busi
ness, but go wandering around In search
of the sights, of which San Francisco has
enough and to spare. This character
istic Is thte most pointed argument the
outside counties can bring against the
city as a place for the meeting of the
Democratic convention during the coming
fall.
Not that the Democrats are particu
larly prone to sight-seeing, but It Is
claimed that there Is always a large ab-
GREGGAINS CAN NOW SLEEP.
The Referee Has Solved a Problem That Has Been Keeping
Him Awake.
A NEW DEPARTURE IN THE PRIZE RING,
Alec Greggains can now sleep at night. He has been troubled with Insomnia since the day that It was decided
that he should referee the coming mill between Sharkey and Jeffries, not that he had any doubt as to his ability to do
Justice to the case, but through an instinctive disposition to preserve himself from possible contact with the fists of
either of the big fellows who will enter the ring for the purpose of demolishing something;.
It is well understood among sporting men that when Jeffries and Sharkey get together trouble will brew for the
man who tries to make them break away when they shall have clinched, and just how the referee should be protected
from accidental violence was a question that has called forth more thought than the arrangements for the mill. This
has been the cause of the nervous trepidation on the part of Greggains. and the solution of the problem is .the cause
of the superabundance of smiles tha,t now illuminate the genial face of the referee.
It was well known that the face would be the vulnerable point should the enthusiasm of the pugilists get beyond
control, and it has been finally decided that Billy Woods' pneumatic face, such as was used at Carson, would afford
necessary protection in that respect. So far all was well, but Alec was bitterly opposed to having his arms and legs
used as possible fulcrums or his body becoming a mass of battered flesh when he attempted to separate the clinching
rivals for fistic honors.
One happy afternoon Greggains strolled out to the park In order to think In the wide free air, and an Inspira
tion took him to the museum. As he wandered aimlessly about his eyes chanced to fall upon a suit of antique armor
and the whole question was solved. Negotiations were entered into and the coat of mail was leased with privilege of
such alterations as might be found necessary, and now Alec is happy. A blacksmith friend was called Into requisi
tion and additional spikes welded on the steel frame with corresponding stiffening of the joints. While Greggains
would hardly be called an available candidate for a beauty show in his new apparel, he feels that much can be sac
rificed in appearance when safety of life and limb are in consideration, and the result is a combination that will di
vide the honors with the big fellows In the ring.
Sharkey and Jeffries have been shown the combination suit that will be worn by the referee, and they have be
come duly Impressed with the fact that if they fail to break away at command they are liable to fall afoul of some
thing worse than a knock-out blow, hence it is believed by those who have been "put on" that this fight will be one
of the most unique in the annals of local fistiana.
I sent list whenever the convention meets
in this city, and so to remove temptation
from before the easily led, it is proposed
as a remedy that the convention meet
! any place but In this attractive munici
pality.
There are several cities that want the
Democrats to come and partake of their
| hospitality, and there are committees out
i from each, working hard to show that
I there is no place for the convention but
! in the particular town which each repre
sents.
It was expected that the matter would
come before the meeting of the Demo
1 cratlc State Central Committee, which
| will be held in the California Hotel this
morning, but there is a feeling that the
time has not yet come to select the place
■ and prominent members of the coramit
i tee declare that no action will be taken
j unless under unforeseen circumstances.
Chairman Alford has heard that commit
I tees on convention from all over the
i State are in the city, and he thinks they
I should at least be heard, but having been
heard it is not unlikely that all they say
will be taken under advisement to await
some future time.
Sacramento, Santa Rosa, Los Angeles,
Santa Cruz, San Jose, Stockton and San
Francisco are all out on the hunt for the
convention guest, but San Francisco is
, tin- only one so attractive to the multi
i tude that they fear they cannot attend
jto business. The same claim is not made
! for Sacramento, nor for any of the others,
i and unless some fault is discovered in
j the availability of the Sunset city it is
probable the convention will meet In
some place where It can lock itself in.
General R. M. \Varneia. a. S. Baldwin,
J. C. Kirkpatrick, George K. Hooper, A.
A. Watkins, William M. Bunker and
George Warren, who were appointed by
the California Convention Committee to
appear before the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee and urge that body to
hold the next State convention of the
I party In this city, met last night in the
Palace Hotel. A. S. Baldwin was elected
chairman and the duties of secretary de
volved on General Warfleld.
It was the sense of the meeting, that
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 16, 1898.
every effort possible should be put forth
to secure the convention. Inasmuch as
It is the intention of the California Con
vention Committee to endeavor to secure
the national conventions of all political
and fraternal organizations, it was the
belief of all the members that the first
step to t>e taken should be the holding of
our own State conventions in this city.
A resolution was then adopted appoint
ing A. A. Watkins, W. M. Bunker and
A. S. Baldwin to appear before the Dem
ocratic State Central Committee to-day
to urge the claims of this city. They
were authorized to agree to 'furnish th«
necessary hall for the convention and
pay all reasonable incidental expenses.
The hotel proprietors have also pledged
themselves to furnish accommodations for
the delegates at reasonable rates.
JAPS TO BE DEPORTED.
Commissioner Rodgers of Philadel
phia Compliments North on
His Methods.
The work of the Special Board of In
quiry In the matter of seventy-one Jap
anese who arrived on the steamer Peru
was concluded yesterday afternoon. The
board recommended that five of the num
ber be returned by the steamship com
pany to Japan, it being %;lear that they
had come to this country under slave la
bor contracts. The five were the gang,
one of whose number was caught by Im-
migration Inspector Geffeney tearing up
a labor contract, and who tried to settle
the matter by offering the Inspector $100.
Several others were detained for fur
ther investigation, one member of the
board having declined to sign the report
admitting them to this country.
United States Immigration Commis
sioner Rodgers of Philadelphia, who was
sont hither from Washington to investi
gate the truth of the complaint made by
the Japanese Minister at Washington that
his countrymen were being discriminated
against, left for home last night. Before
his departure he highly complimented
Commissioner North on the efficiency of
his office and the thoroughness anl im
partiality of his methods. He will re-
port that the facts have been misrepre
sented to the Japanese Minister.
Commissioner Rice of Victoria, B. C,
who had come to this city for the pur
pose of familiarizing himself with the
methods pursued by Commissioner North,
will leave for his post this morning. He
and Mr. North have agreed upon a uni
form procedure in the cases of all Im
migrants of all nationalities coming un
der their Jurisdiction.
ACCIDENTALLY ASPHYXIATED.
Thomas Wilkinson Came to His
Death Because of a Leaky Gas
Tube in His Boom.
If Thomas Wilkinson, tailor, 130 Hayea
street, hart been a regular reader of the
newspapers his body would not now be
lying on a slab in the Morgue.
Wilkinson was found dead in his bed
at 8:30 o'clock yesterday morning: the
room was full of the fumes of illuminat
ing gas. Deputy Coroner O'Brien made
an investigation and found that the dead
ly gas had escaped from a rubber tube
connecting the gas fixtures with a stove
used for heating: tailors' -Irons. The de
ceased, on retiring, had turned on" the
gas at the stove, and the tube being leaky
had allowed the gas from the fixtures to
fill the room. Had he turned the stop
cock at the fixtures and thus prevented
the gas from going into the tube the ac
cident would not have happened.
The deceased was a native of England,
aged about 38 years, and was divorced
from his wife some time ago. He pos
sessed some shares of stock in the Conti
nental Building and Loan Association and
some money in the Pacific Stateß Savings
and Loan Association, the whole amount
ing to $500.
Has Left Her Home.
The police have been asked to find
Maggie Lineger, a girl 17 years of age,
who left her home Monday afternoon.
Her father is James Lineger, 11S8 Harri
son street. The grirl is of slight build,
with dark eyes, and dark hair cut abort.
LOOK OUT FOR
YOUR CHIMNEYS
The March Earthquake
Held Responsible for
Recent Fires.
Fire Marshal Towe Gives
Property-Owners Some
Timely Advice.
American Biscuit Factory and Golden
Gate Villa Fires Referred to
as Illustrations.
The poor little earthquake of March 30
that caused so much excitement In the
city Is still having bricks thrown at It.
Fire Marshal Towe says that It is re
sponsible for something more than scar
ing people out of their wits and break
ing a lot of windows, and he thinks that
before next winter is over it will cause
the loss of many thousands of dollars.
The day following the earthquake the
American Biscuit Company's factory on
Broadway and Font streets was totally
destroyed by fire. The fire was attrib
uted to the earthquake by cracking the
top of the oven. The flames were first
observed by the watchman at the top of
the oven, which was about two feet from
the floor above,
Thursday nighfs fire at the Golden
Gate Villa, Ocean Beach, is also at
tributed to a crack in the chimney caus
ed by the earthquake. When the flames
were first s«-en they were round the kit
chen chimney in the vicinity of the
crack. The kitchen fire was being used
at the time to cook tamales.
.. 1 T h , av c not the slightest doubt," said
the iMre Marshal yesterday, "that both
of these tires were due to the earth
ly V and there wlir be a lot more
through the same cause before next win
ter is over. The flames get in the cracks
an « >n time the woodwork catches fire
and it is a difficult matter to extinguish
the lire before considerable damage is
done.
"I would advise owners of buildings to
ov f rh u ul the chimneys for cracks and
get them repaired, otherwise they may
suffer serious loss. People are not using
many v » f ln thls weather, otherwise
more buildings would have suffered, but
when the cold weather comes then I ex
pect there will be trouble. I don't want
to alarm people unnecessarily, but it
would be well for property owners to
take my advice."
To be forewarned is to be forearmed,
£ ih t advlcc °f the Fire Marshal
should be acted upon. It may cost a lit
tle money but it may be the means of
saving valuable property from destruc
tion and probably save some lives.
A CASE OF THOMAS.
The Kate Thomas in the Hands of the
Thomases for Luck and Has a
Thomas Cat Mascot.
A case of Thomas, like history repeat
ing itself, came to light in the Custom
house yesterday. The ship Kate Thomas
cleared for Queenstown, Ireland. Her
captain is William Thomas, and she is
owned by William Thomas & Co.. who
are not of any kin to the captain. The
captain's sister is Kate Thomas. The
ship was entered at this port by Customs
Broker W. Ford Thomas, no relative of
any of the other Thomases, and he also
has a daughter named Kate Thomas.
The ship was entered in the name of
Customs Broker Harry B. Thomas, and
took away with her a large Thomas cat
as an additional mascot.
INCONVENIENCES HXJNTINGTON
He Wants the Bailroad Commission
ers to Hear Him at an Earlier
Date.
The Board of Railroad Commissioners
were in receipt of the following com
munication yesterday from C. P. Hunt-
Ington, president of the Southern Pa
cific, which explains itself:
_ April H. 1898.
To the Honorable Board of Railroad Com
missioners of the State of California-Gentle
men: I am in receipt of your notification to
me to appear before your board on the ilth
day nf May. at 1 o'clock. In the matter of the
establishment by your board of rates oi
of charges for the transportation of passen
gers and freight by the Southern Pacific Com
pany, and I beg to say. with all deference to
your board, that while I shall be quite ready
and glad to meet your honorable body and
state all information in my power concerning
the railroads with the control and direction
of which I have the honor to be connected.
I ask your courtesy In fixing upon an earlier
date for my appearance before you. My busi
ness duties are pressing and important and I
am likely to be called away from San Fran
cisco at almost any time after a week more
shall have elapsed. I reel quite confident that
a compliance with my request cannot Incon
venience the board nearly as much as my at
tention to your notice is certain to Incon
venience me, and hence I a.=k your favorable
consideration of it. Very truly,
C. P. HUNTINGTON.
Those of the Commissioners who are
out of the city will be notified of the re
ceipt of the letter by the board, and the
wish therein expressed by President
Huntington, that they permit him to 'ap
pear before them at an earlier date. In
all probability the Commissioners will
grant the request of the railroad mag
nate.
CADETS VOLUNTEER.
A Well-Drilled Regiment of Young
Men Offer Their Services to
the Governor.
Among the first organized bodies to
proffer their services to the Government
in case there should be war is the First
Regiment of the League of the Cross
Cadets of this city. The following letter
was sent by their commander to Gov
ernor Budd to-day:
SAN FRANCISCO, April 15, 1898.
Hon. James H. Budd, Governor of California.
Sacramento, Cal.— Sir: At a meeting: of the
board of officers of the First Regiment,
League of the Cross Cadets, held last even
ing, I was instructed by a unanimous vote to
place at your command the services of the
regiment for any duty that may be neces
sary tv maintain and defend the nation's honor.
The regiment is well drilled and disciplined
and is composed of 3 battalions; two of five
companies each and one of lour companies;
hospital corps, band and the requisite field,
staff and non-commissioned staff officers; in
all a total volunteer force at this writing of
706. I am preparing roster showing name, age
and height, which will be forwarded within the
next few days. I trust that this application
will receive your favorable consideration. Very
respectfully, W. P. SULLIVAN JR.,
Colonel Commanding First Regiment, L. C. C.
BIG MEN BEGIN
THEIR TRAINING
Sharkey at Work in Vallejo
and Jeffries Preparing
in Oakland.
Baker and Stelzner to Be Matched
for the Preliminary Bout of
the Evening.
Tom Sharkey, the patriotic marine, has
postponed his intention to enlist and fight
the Spaniards until after his go with Jim
Jeffries. The Sailor has already begun
training for the big event, and has Henry
Baker to assist him. As Thomas always
tires two men out when down to work,
he made overtures to Jack Stelzner to
join his camp. Stelzner might have done
so but for the fact that Jeffries had al
ready gobbled him up. Joe Kennedy will
now assist the marine.
Sharkey will train in Vallejo up to with
in a week or two of the fight, when he will
go to the Ocean Beach and finish up.
His old training quarters were destroyed
by fire on Thursday night, and Tom will
have to engage others.
Lon Agnew, the clever lightweight,
thinks Jeffries will prove the victor in
the coming go. As Agnew has trained
with Choynski, sparred with Jeffries, and
likewise with the Sailor; his opinion is
entitled to some consideration. Agnew
thinks Jeffries the strongest man in the
ring to-day, and as he has a good left
and is a good judge of distance, the Sail
or's rushes will not avail him.
As in the past Jim will train at the Re
liance club rooms under the watchful eye
of Billy Delaney.
Dal Hawkins left for New York on the
overland yesterday with the hope of be
ing pitted against Daly. Since his victory
over Eddie Connolly, Dal has become con
fident that he can take Lavigne's meas
ure.
It is said that Joe Goddard, the Barrier
champion, will try his fate again by en
tering the ring against Peter Maher. A
good offer has boen made him by the
Arena Club of Philadelphia for a go be
tween the Australian and the big Celt for
May 6 or 13. Joe, like Barkis, "was
wlllin'," and on receipt of the offer re
plied that the 6th would suit him, but
wanted more particulars before journey
ing East.
Sacramento Athlot.? Club has matched
Young Griffo and •'Bull" McCarthy to fight
twenty rounds for a decision on the 27th
of this month. The men will fi£rht at
140 pounds, and Alec Greggains has been
chosen referee. McCarthy has met Owen
Zeigler and other leading lights, and has
made a fine showing against them, and
as Griffo is taking care of himself a good
bout should result.
Lon Agnew was in town yesterday look
ing better than he has in many months.
The ligaments in his right shoulder, which
he strained in one of his bouts, are in
their normal condition, and he is able to
use his right with as great force as in
former contests. Agnew says he would
rather meet "Spider" Kelly than any man
in the business. He claims Kelly was
given a decision over him by Sharkey
without cause. He thinks that Kelly
would be an easy mark for him, and
would like to retrieve himself.
The Manhattan Athletic Cluo will hold
another of its popular monthly boxing ex
hibitions on the evening of the 29th. The
best available material in the city has
been selected for the occasion and some
interesting goes will result.
Managers Groom and Gibbs, of the Na
tional Club, expect to have a good ap
petizer for the big go, by matching Baker
and Stelzner. As both men are in rival
camps training the big men, a fight be
tween them would attract nearly as much
Interest.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Hi, I, inn i ■ a! 1 CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
f^Pl!! SAN FRANCISCO
I | HP'S H(l 8 H vs**?iiH CHICAGO. ■
I"""!™ 8 ™ CH!CAG °-
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
. Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. '
DINING CAR, "
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
I Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleeper*.
Itt , days to Chicago, 4V4 •; days ;to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
■ Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying i Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist . Sleeping Can on
fast time. Direct i Conner- ~n~ In Chicago: and
Kansas : City for all : Eastern \ points. |iH|Mi)VHm<H[
■' ■ Trains arri- • . and depart , from Market-street
Ferry. :; San ■ Fran i6co ticket office, €.1 Market
•treet. ■ Chronicle : building. Telephone Mala
, 1620. ■■-, Oakland ■ office, 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
; mento office, 201 J street. 6ui Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street. . . .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wl i \\ )^ Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
BA3XBOAD TRAVEL.
■Ol lIIKIO f**IKIC! CO.MP4HI.
■ ' (PAOiriO ■XHIMf.) "
Train* ie»v«> •»■■<• '«•«•• ■" »«rrlTe at
i. HAH Kit* M'IMiO. €
• (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.) i
tKAVB — FROM APIttL 10, 1596. — ARRIV« j
•6:0« a Nileg, San Jose »nd Way Stations... *'» : -{ < } A
7:00 a. Henicia, Suisun and Sacramento . . . lOMja
7:O«a Marysville, Oroville and Redding m
Woodlaud 2 : £ P :
7:00 a. Vacßville and Kumsey.. »:13P
7:30 a Martinez, San lUmou.Vallcjo. Naps, ,
■- ■'■■'■■ Cali»u>ga ami Santa. Kosa ' : !? p
»:OOa Atlantic Kxiireia, Ogilen and Kaat.. »:-»•»?
«i!S«a Niles, .5im.. .!..««. HtocUtou, lone,
. Sacramento, Marydville, Chlco, ■
Tchamaaud Ite.l Hluir t'lm 1 '
•»tBOA I'eterß, Milton ami Uakilale «<:lsp
• :ooa JS>w Orleans I:«ih.ks. KaKed, Ray-
mond, I'resnn, JJakewlleiil S:uiU
i:<rliara, I .or Aiik(-loh, BeniinK,
El l'aso. No" Orleans and Kaat. 6:45 p
B:*Oa V«llejo. Martinez, Msrced and
Fresno «*!»*
•l:OOp S(icrauieiit4. liirer Steam.'™ 'SliOOp
l5««p Kiles, Ban Jcbm i-i.u Way Stations.. •!>:»».*
1 :3 Or Martinez and Way Stations 7:4»P
2:OOi- Lirermore, Mei<(lota, liauford and
VUalia... 4:15p !
LiTeraiore, Ban Jose, Niles and Way
Stations J10:13a |
4t«Or Martinez. San Bunion. Vall.-jo. -
, Napa, ('aliHtfiga, i 1.1 Verauo and *
1 Santa limn. ..;......... »il»*
«iO»r Beuicla, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knielits Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
•¥ille mid SMCi-Hinento 1«:43a
l:3Or Niles, San Joso, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:lSr
«:llop LathToji, Modesto, Merced, IJercndi,
Fresno. MoJMfl (for lUiul.slmrg),
Santa Mar!..iranM.l l.o* Aii.-1.-m.. 7«43a |
4tSOp Hauta Kit ltoule. Atlantic Kiiiress
for Mojam and Kiist.... 6:43r
tf 5:30p " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
l'aao. Fort Worth, Little Hock, St.
Louis, Chicago and Ka»t §1O:I."»A
<^S:3up " Sunset limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans a:-.- " i.-i;.-t §IO:ISa
6:00 Roropaaii Mail, 0.i«.,o .i«., and KMt.... «:■«•">'
•:O«p llnyiraril*, Nllr« ami Han .T0m:...... 7:4."Va
t8:00rV»fleju:: 17:43 1
tMHii- Oregon KxiirKm, HMntiueiiUi Mitryit-
rllle, Ur.l.lini:. I'oii.lHinl, I'ucut
■ Hmnnlaliil I'.ast Sil^A
hA.N I,KA.M»K(» AMi lIaY\VAKU> UHi.iT.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1*6:00*1 f- 7:13 a ;
8:0« a Melrose. Sfiuiiinry Park. t*9:-t-"> •
0:OOa ,,  ,„ . '. ' Jo:4sa
lo.oOa Utrliliurir, l.lmliiir»t, lUISa
it 1:OOa San Lfiinilrn, South San 12:15 c
:i . a . :0 .°. ; Leaii,lro,»tu.li!lo, jiirirn-
iii:6«'p ■ Lorenzo, Cherry • »4:4Sp
4:00p , 13:4."5r
3:00p Mlll < <l:l»p
5:30p Haj wards. .7:4.11-
7: OOp ■ *:43p
J|:OOp , Rum through to Niiea. , *»*— ' P
tti»;.S^ «*«»»»"• ttl";;;::;.
COAST IM VISION (Narrow «Jr.ngf>).
' (Foot of Market Street.) ■
{7:45 a Saiita. Cruz Kioirxion. Santa Cruz
and Principal Way S;ations JBiOsp
. 8»15 a Newark, terr ilk- Sun Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
• Stations.... 5:50r
•8:1 3p Newark, Cor-terville, San Jose, New
■ > k.; _•■■- Almaden, Felton, linulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and , Princli*l Way
Stations *MtM«
4:13p San Jo«e aud Glemrood.. »:20.t
a4: l sp HouMf-r Creak unit Sarta Cruz >U:g<»A
CREEK ROUTE, FERRY.
."romSAK FRIKCISCO— foot of Mirktt Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16 9:00 n:OI)A.M. }l:03 •2:30 $3:CC
M:O3 ' 13:00 ' •6:00i-.m. \ .
O*SI.»KD— Foot of Broad w«j.—"fi:C2 «:00 10:00 a.m.
$18:00 ♦1:00 \1S:OO *3:00 ; tl:CO ■ *5:03r.ii.-.
~~~ COAST DIVISION (Itroaii (iauge). 5
• (Third and Townsend
•7:00 a Han ,)<i*i- »n.l Way Statin)* (New
Alinaden .Wednesdays 0n1y)....... lt3Op
17:30 a Sunday Excursion • for San Jose,
H»r:t*,Crnz, Pacific Grote i and
Priocipal Way Stajions }8:35p
9:00* Man .losu,' Tros I'lnos, Simtii (rur,
' J'ticillc (jrove. l'aso Hollies, Han
l.nis Oliispo, (juadalnne. Surf and
rrincli.al Way Station* 4:lOr
lOi4Oa Son Jose niul Wny .5tati0n5......... «8:OO A
Il>3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations  *Si3Sa
•2:43i-Ban Mateo, Redwood, Mcnlo Park, .
SanU Clara. ! San Jose,' Gilroy, *
Hollistcr, Santa- -Ortiz, Salinas,
Monterey and Vucilic Urn-* t *l»:35.«
*3:30p San Jose, 1 '" " ■ -■■■'.-
and Way Stations. , »O:OOa
*4tl3r San Jose ami Principal Way Stntlons 9:45 a
•3:<>Or San Jose and Principal Way Station* 0:33 a
S:3Op San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3:3<>p
6::<«r Sail Jose anil Way Stations 7:30p
Hl:43p San Jose ami Way Stotioim 7:30p
- A for Morning. - . 1* Tor Afternoon.
• Bun.l*vs n»<-«<|>re.l. } Sundays only. 1 Saturdays only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only. .
IT Thursdays. a Saturdays and Sundays
( Saturdays. . ■ iSnndaj-s and Moiviiiys
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry ( Foot of Market Si.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— ■ 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. ' Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. ■•'■■'
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ■•
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.-
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
6:00, 6:23 p. m. - • . ■
Between San Francisco ; and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave • Tn ~.. . Arrive .
Pan Francisco. Ort at . Fan Franol9Oa
" Week 1. Sun- n«..t^Vinn • Sun-: 1 Week *
Daya I Sun- Destination Sun " | Wee*
Days. I daya. Destination a a ya. days._
7:3Ua.m.|B:ooa.m. | : Novato. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
B:Sop.m. 19:30 a.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 1 10:25 a.m.
6:lUp.m. is:U)p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. I 11:23 p.m.
7 £toa.m. . Fulton.
Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdabur^,
Lyttoa,
Geyßerviila, ■ / ;
T:Sop.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
"H" Illopland and I
7 :Hoa.m. 1 8 -00a.m. I Ukiah. 7:35 p.m. e:22p.m.
7 :Soa.in. 1 10 :25a.m.
. 8:00 a.m. ('me villa. 7:85 p.m.,
8:30 p.m. ■ : ■ . ■ , --" ■ [ g:22p.ia.
• *oa.m. ! B :ooa. in. . Sonoma 1 10:40 a.m. U:toa.m.
>".,:' and ■■•: ■•"
t 6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen, | 6:10 p.m. 6-23p.r0.
sasaigisftsi Biiggai 1 ?^!
StaKes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs : at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland. Springe, Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
Lakeport and BarUett. Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
■Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierleys Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin i. Heights, Hullvllle, Boonville.
Orr's Hot Springs, - Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.- . .--.- . ,
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket, Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
building. ••■■•■--.;■ ■■ , . .
A. W. FOSTER, ,R. x. RYAN,
■ Pres. and. Gen. Manager. -. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUEN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897. trains will run aa
follow: . ■•/...
- From • September ; 10, ISS7, trains will run as
follows: _'■ ' - < ,
Southbound. .... .1 . Northbound.
Passen- Mixed -.-,-' - Mixed. Passen-
•■■'. ger ' Sunday Stations Sunday ■ cer
Dally Excepted ...-■' Excepted Dally .
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m. 11:50 p.m. Merced.' 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. l 3:50 p.m. Fresno 8:30 a.m. 2:20 v.m.
11:40 a.m. r>:2op.m.iHanfnrdj R:«a.m.| 1:15 p.m.
12:15 i>.m.| 6:45p.m.| Vlsalia I 6:40 a.m.|l2:lop.m.
■V. Stopping. -at Intermediate points when re-
quired .;.;/■•. :-,:,. ■, " ;..>■ ?,'•■ ,-■ .'..•■>'•■.■ '■-'. ■ ■■> '. '-
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N & I. , Co., ' leaving San Francisco and
; Stockton ;at i 6 p. ; . m. ; dally; at - Merced '. with
stages to and from Coulterville, etc. ;
also 1 with stage - for ■ Hornitos, . Mariposa, - etc.;
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
. -.-...' a ■-.■ ~... .. .-.■■•• -.■=•' •• -- ■-■■■■ . :
X BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC. COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
I From San Francisco, Commencing September
19, 1597.
WEEK DAYS.
For. Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9-30
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45, •5:15. 6:00, 6:30 p. m
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS.
; For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *10-00
•11:30 a. m. '1:15, 3:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; £:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
. MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via .-siu.-alito ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
13. 1597:
Week — 9:30 a. m., 1:43 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
street. San Francisco. *.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
vSjjhj^ Steamers leave Broadway
I* 's*<s. wharf, San Francisco:
|HSKr§MMk or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
I KMS^II April 1. 6 11. 16 > 21 26 Ma 1.
tmti rtlfi v3ig transfer at Seattle.
E^rS-S-^SI For Alaskan ports (from
I r** i «^S^!§*iM Sppar rtreet wharf), 10 a. m.
April 8, 18, 23, May 3, transfer
at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New' Whateom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. April 1, 6,
II 16 21 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after' connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
C P Ry
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a, m..
April 2. 8, 14, 20, 26, May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, - Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., April 3. 7, 11. 15, 19, 23. 27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. April 1. 5, 9, 13. 17, 21. 25. 29, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., April 12,
and M of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
J 10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
< DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
C/IDC $12 First Class Including Berth
rhflL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California .... Apr. 3. 13. 23. May 3
Columbia Apr. 8. IS, 28, May 3
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE
To England and the Continent.
RED STAR. LINE
To Antwerp. • - ■ ■ T
EMPIRE LINE
To Alaska. i~^7\
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
REMOVED TO
30 Montgomery St.
empire"line.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
■ Steamers Ohio, Per— sylvania, Illinois, Indi-
ana, 3400 tons. Conemaugh, 2100 tons (formerly
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line).
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio, June 15, S. S. Indiana, June 23.
S. S. Pennsylvarta June 29. for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fleet of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
.4!&^.4£Sf@9oßf!£&3l The S.S. ALAMEDA
ttP»^ rail* EflflfliL Balls vla Honolulu and
W Mr I'S ras »"< i * Auckland for Sydney
M^» Sa - Wednesday, April 20.
PHV0IIS80) The ss ALAMEDA
J fcUIVIIL call? vla Honolulu and
•f"*"^ 1 Auckland fur Sydney
U Wednesday, April 20,
esss 5 SiSiKFnMlina) S. 8. ZEALANDIA.
'jffiafi G)iWlll|jlll|/ < " / tor HONOLULU only,
XSaffi^ • (fin\T\7\[)U*> Wednesday, May 4.
&*> \J;/.IiJJUIM| 2p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 orth
River foot of Morton st. Travelers «2rfiTf>
by this line avoid both transit by •«Uii«X*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. *160;
second class. $116- ■'*.-.'  „
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE May 7, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE May 14. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE........ ...May 21. 10 a.m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. J '■ •
j^ 9li »J il ilctSS £'iaf
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck.. ..April 28 A. Victoria May 28
Columbia ...May 12 F. x Bismarck... -> June 3
Normannia May l > Columbia June 9
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $45 up, Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria .......April 16' Pennsylvania... May 14
Patria ..April 23 Palatia .........May 21
■Phoenicia ■■■ May 7 Pretoria .........May 23
Ist Cabin $75 up, 2d Cabin $40, Steerage $26.
I burg-American Line, 37, Broadway, N i V
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California at., cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"'
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and 5at....:...
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. .(8:30 p. in. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays .......:..... ;..l p. m. and 8:30 p. m
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and S p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
. Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS and SANTA C FU2
bteamer Alviso leaves Her 1 daily (Sundays
. excepted) at. 10 a. m. Alviso daily (Saturday!
I excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and ' passengers.
Fare between San Francisco ■ and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose, . 75c. Clay street, Pier 1. •41 NorU
First street; San Jose. " *!:_",