VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 141.
FLOWERS AND FLAGS
BEDECKED THEIR WAY
AN ENTHUSIASTIC FAREWELL AS THE TRAIN MOVES OFF.
THE ARTILLERYMEN PRESS THEIR WAY TO WAR THROUGH CHEERIG CROWDS OF FRIENDS
WHATEVER fate may
have in store for the
soldier lads who went
from San Francisco
yesterday it must be they
will remember that this city
sent them forth with words
of cheer, with a hope for
their safety, a benison for
their loyal courage. They can
hardly forget, even though on
an alien shore, that here by
the Pacific thousands are
thinking of them and hoping
that the god of battles shall
protect them as they fight for
the honor of the flag.
The march from the Presi
dio to the cars was more than
a good-by, it was an ovation.
The wav was strewn with
The San Francisco Call
flowers. Children waved the
Star and Stripes in miniature,
women wept from very sym
pathy, men shouted until
hoarse. Yet the soldiers,
trained to duty, hardly looked
to the right or to the left.
They had made their fare
wells. They had kissed their
wives and their sweethearts.
There was nothing for them
to do but obey the orders
which called them to the
South and, perhaps, beyond,
where a foe is in waiting and
the terror of malady stalks
throughout the season just
opening. They had not com
plained. On the contrary,
they had manifested an
eagerness to go.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
McKINLEY'S ULTIMATUM
GIVING THE SPANISH
UNTIL SATURDAY NEXT
NEW YORK, April 19.— 0n Wednesday at 10 a. m. President McKinley will sign the resolution of
Congress and his ultimatum to Spain. The ultimatum will be at once transmitted to Minister Woodford.
On Wednesday at 5 p. m., Madrid time, the ultimatum will be presented to Senor Gullon, Spanish
Minister of Foreign Affairs.
On Saturday at 6 a. m., Madrid time, Spain's time for replying to the ultimatum and acceding to
the demands of Congress will have expired.
On Saturday at 1:18 n. m. orders will be sent to Captain Sampson at Key West to move his fleet
upon Havana, unless Spain has backed down. (10:18 p. m. on Friday at San Francisco.)
The difference in time between Washington and Madrid is four hours and forty-two minutes.
The President's ultimatum demands that Spain at once relinquish its authority and government in
the island of Cuba and withdraw its land and naval forces from Cuba and Cuban waters.
Perhaps the grim dictum
of the commander of the army
that \\ ar is no picnic is cor
rect enough, but any objec
tion he may have to the peo
ple turning out in honor of
■ - - . • . ; ■:■-." ■' .
the soldiers has been over
ruled by the people. They
feel that they have a part in
the great events now happen
ing, for to them the departure
of the troops is a great event
It is the portent of war. To
many' the war which so
nearly divided this country is
a matter of history. It is
true that the veteran who
survived it may not yet be
old, but the world grows fast,
and people in the prime
of life know of the great civil
struggle only what they have
read or been told. So this is
the first time they have had
their patriotism aroused.
Not until now have they
understood what emotions
are aroused when the flag is
assailed. The troops march
ing away constitute an object
lesson. The sound of martial
music carries the old soldier
back to the field of Gettys
burg and to Chancellorsville.
On one field the blue was
victorious, on the other the
gray. But what matters it
now ? To-day there is one
country, and side by side the
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
North and the South are
ready to sustain the common
weal. The veteran of the
Federal army seeks counsel
of the veteran of the Confed
eracy. The same blood runs
in the veins of both.
Yesterday a martial spirit
seemed to pervade the air.
Long before the hour set for
the light artillery to leave its
quarters the streets leading
thence to the depot were lined
with representatives of every
class. Society was there,
school children by the thou
sand, every little American
contributing to the occasion an
enthusiastic treble, every little
hand clasping a flag which
was wildly waved. But per2
GALLANT ARMY HEROES.
Colonel Miles and Lieutenant Colonel Bisbee,
Leaders of the First Infantry.
THE COMMANDER OF THE HISTORIC FIRST REGIMENT A
VETERAN OFFICER WHO HAS FOUGHT MANY BATTLES,
Colonel Evan Miles. First United States Infantry, who leaves to-day for the front at the head of his superb regi
ment, Is a veteran officer who has rendered his country distinguished service on many battlefields of the South and
on the frontier. Since the war he has had his full share of border service and acquitted himself nobly in the
campaigns against the hostile Indians. The advancement of Colonei Miles has not been secured by the aid of influ
ential friends in high places. If a political "pull" had been exerted in his behalf he would be holding the rank of
brigadier-general at this time
Colonel Miles was born In Pennsylvania March 28, lSSS.and was appointed from the State first lieutenant of the
Twelfth Infantry August 5, 1861. He was promoted captain January 26, 1865, and transferred to the Twenty-first In
fantry September 21. IM>6. He was promoted major of the Twenty-fourth Infantry April 24, ISSS. He was subsequent
ly promoted lieutenant-colonel and colonel of the First Infantry.
He was commended for bravery and efficiency while serving on the staff of Major-General Ayers, commanding
the Second Division of the Fifth Army Corps. In the battles of Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, Wilderness, Weldon
Railroad and Chappie House he gained distinction for bravery and skill In action. Official reports and the recom
mendations of army commanders attest to the value of his services on the field. Colonel Miles wajs highly praised
In official reports of General O. O. Howard, commanding the department of the Columbia, for gallantry and efficiency
displayed during the battle of Clearwater, Idaho, against the hostile Nez Perces, on the 11th and 12th of Jup\ 1577, and
the battle of Umatilla Agency, Oregon, against the .annotk-Piute Indians, on the 13th of July, 1878.
In a letter to President Hayes General O. O. Howard wrote: "I wish to say a few words concerning: a worthy
officer — Captain Evan Miles, Twenty-llrst United States Infantry- He has had an important command under me In
two remarkable Indian campaigns. His record is as good as it can be. In one action he had control of the field, was
successful, and his name found its way with brightest praise in the journals of the day." In this letter General How
ard spoke of the long service and excellent military record of Captain Miles.
In a letter signed by many of the Western Senators and Representatives, and addressed to the Secretary of War,
mention is made of the memorable campaign against the -ostiles. It was written: "The forced march and victory
of Captain Miles, Twenty-first United States Infantry, was the means of saving the town of Pendleton, Or., from
being burned by the Indians and several hundred people from being massacred."
The citizens of Pendleton wrote a letter to the Secretary of War in which they spoke of Captain Miles In the
highest manner of commendation. This extract is taken from the letter:
"In July, 1818, our country was in the hands of the hostile Indians. Many of our citizens were massacred and
vast property was destroyed. But for the excellent conduct of Captain Miles and his small command the neighboring
tribes of Indians, already allied to the Bannock-Piutos, would have destroyed everything before them. By the gallant
conduct of this officer the town of Pendleton was saved from destruction and our Government was saved hundreds
of thousands of dollars."
The successful campaign conducted by Captain Miles' small command, and the complete victory won in the bat
tle of Umatilla Agency, restored lasting peace to the settlers of that region of country. The hostile Indians received
a lesson that they did not soon forget.
The military record of Colonel Miles embraces mention of active and gallant service in the field and excellent
administrative ability in the command of garrisons. He served in New York City during the riots of 1863, and when
relieved of responsible duty there went to the front again. Since the war he has been stationed in New York Ne
braska, Wisconsin. Idaho, Dakota, Montana, Washington, Oregon, California, Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, Colorado
and Wyoming.
In 1597 he was promoted from lieutenant-colonel to colonel of the First Infantry. When the Fifth Artillery was
ordered to New York Miles succeeded General Graham as commander of the post at the Presidio. It is a
position that requires military judgment and executive ability of high degree. Colonel Miles has fulfilled every re
quirement of the station. He has many friends in the army and In civil life. He goes tojhe front to-day leading as
gallant a regiment of Americans as ever went forth to uphold the honor of the country.
Lieutenant-Colonel William H. Bisbee, First United States Infantry, who leaves San Francisco to-day with his
renowned regiment, has a bright military record. He was born in Rhode Island January 2S, 1840, and gained his ad
vancement from the ranks to his present command. He was breveted first lieutenant for gallant and meritorious
conduct at the battle of Murfreesboro, Tennessee, and was breveted captain for gallant service at the battle of Chat
tanooga. He participated in the battles of Stone River, Perryville, Lookout Mountain, Missionary Ridge, New Hope
Church, Kenesaw Mountain, Peach Tree Creek, Atlanta and Jonesboro. He was wounded in the Atlanta campaign.
haps the most striking feature
was the array of working men
who had left their toil to bid
the boys godspeed. It was
no superficial interest they
exhibited. They were earnest
and sincere. Their faces were
indices to an intent, if need
arise, to follow the regulars.
There was nowhere a jar
ring note. There was not one
who looked on but felt a per
sonal interest in the soldiers
carried by on their rumbling
artillery. "God bless you,"
was the message the soldiers
received as they went along.
At times the pressure of the
throng almost stopped them.
At the depot there was a
multitude, gay with color,
alert with enthusiasm, ready
to cheer every soldier who
came in sight. The crowd
did not melt until the train
rolled out, and on the other
side were other crowds with
as fervent a hail and farewell.
For yesterday California took
her soldier boys to her great
heart." To-day when the First
Infantry goes there will bean
even more marked demonstra
tion, as there will be no con
fusion as to the hour of start-
PRESIDIO, ADIEU.
The Bugle Sounds the Com
mand to March.
The two light batteries of the Third
United States Artillery have gone to
the front, and their going has aroused
a!! the patriotism that has so long lain
dormant in the city's breast. The
cheers that rent the air had more than
the Fourth of July ring to thf-m; the
dags that waved seemed animated by
1 sentiment more potent than the west
rrn wind; the crowds that throng.M the
streets from curb to curb had more to
shout for and more to think about than
any that has gathered in years.
The going away commenced early in
the morning, for it takes time and work
to move eight guns and their equip
ment of men, horses and accessories.
The work commenced at reveille, and
by retreat the men were speeding away
toward what the future has in store for
them.
Bags and boxes, trunks, satchels, bas
; kets and valises; bales of hay and sacks
of grain for the horses; barrels of bread,
of meat, of vegetables for the men;
blankets, tents, tent poles and cooking
utensils, everything that was movable
and belonged to the battery — were load
ed into the big army wagons and start
ed for the Southern Pacific freight
I sheds. The ambulance and its equip
| meat went with the big wagons, carry
! ing the men of the hospital corps. The
freight was all out of the post by 10
o'clock, and then there was only the
j last dinner, the good-bys at the parade
ground, and the men would be gone,
! too.
The time was all too short, for under
THE HORSES OF THE LIGHT ARTILLERY START FOR NEW FIELDS.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APEIL 20, 1898.
the circumstances there is something
serious in saying good-by, and the men
spent their few short hours in the can
teen or sitting around the guns talking
to their friends— and most of these were
women.
There were not many relatives— the
men of the batteries are all from the
East, but if they make as good an im
prossion on the Spanish heads as they
have upon the hearts here by the Gol
den Gate, their going will not have
been in vain. It was a sorry gunner
who had not at least one woman to
wish him godspeed, and there were
some who had good wishes to spare. A
few of the soldiers are married, and
the looks of the wives as' the troops
marched away robbed the scene of its
holiday air. One big corporal strode
up and down among the guns, carry
ing his little daughter, who crowed
over the preparations and laughed in
her mother's tear-stained face. A
young fellow sat near the corner of
the stable with a woman who clung to
him and seemed to begrudge even
the looks he cast away from her. She
was his mother.
Two more drew away from the
crowds and strode up and down
the road, each with a young?
woman on hts arm. Even the
gunners said it was too bad. Two had
just been married and the other two
were going to be. One man's only re
gret was his bicycle and the Presidio
roads, another said he might have felt
bad if "she" had "shown up," but, as
she was nowhere to be seen, he guessed
it was all the same.
The officers said good-by in their
quarters, and finally, when they rode
down to where the batteries stood at
ease, there was a general leave-taking,
which lasted until "attention" came
clear and sharp from the battery
buglers.
Each man sprang to his place and
stood ready. They were a good-looking
lot of fellows, all young, all quick and
eager, and all buoyed up by the
thought of a chance at last to ply their
tTade of death and destruction. The
sleek, smooth, wicked looking guns
shone in what sunlight a mournful sky
ltt past; the carriages and caiss-ms had
all been newly painted, and the men,
equipped in heavy marching order,
looked like old campaigners. Each
man wore a haversack and canteen and
a revolver or a saber. Their campaign
hats were weatherbeaten, their uni
forms were not the newest, and Cap
tain Potts of Battery F wore the only
white shirt and collar in the command.
The men were at work, and they left
behind the full dress of parade and
holiday.
"Prepare to mount," and "mount"
echoed cheerily over the parade ground
by the stables, and each man swung
iato his saddle. "By the right flank."
"Column right." chirped the bugles
again, and as the batteries swung into
line and started up the road past the
new barracks the First Infantry band,
which had been waiting, struck up
"Marching Through Georgia" and led
the column on Us way.
"God bless you, boys." "We'll see you
down there," "Good luck to you."
"Hooray, hooray," came from the
crowd, and men ran along by the guns
and shook hands with the cannoneers
just once more.
Turning in past the flag and the
headquarters, the band led the way
around the inside parade plane, down
by the officers' quarters, then halted
where the road turns off toward the
eastern gate. The air trembled with
the cheers and the "Hail Columbia"
and the good-bys and the waving hand
kerchiefs and hands, as the batteries
wound down the road and out of sight,
and then the men who had given such
a hearty farewell went back to quar
ters to prepare to go away themselves —
for the First will leave to-day, and only
the foot batteries of the Third and four
troops of the Fourth Cavalry will re
main.
ALONG THE STREETS.
A Thousand Flags Greeted the
Advancing Column.
As senior captain, Captain Potts
commanded the battalion, as well as
his own battery. He led the column
down Lombard street and turned into
Van Ness avenue, and as the leaders
swung around the corner a thousand
flags seemed to leap from the pave
ment and whirl dizzily over ten times
as many heads. The school children
were out and that was their greeting
and farewell.
Two schools had gone to the Pre
sidio, but they were just in time to see
the troops from the hill, but the chil
dren on the avenue were in readiness
and catching the note of the bugle
sounding "column right" they were on
hand with their cheers and their whis
tles, their flags and shouts of enthu
siasm as soon as the column came into
view.
There were children everywhere.
They lined the curbs and stood out in
the streets; they blocked the sidewalk
and thronged the stairways; a vacant
lot was a point of vantage to be taken
by assault, so they swarmed over it
and up the fences and along the walks,
yelling and cheering and waving flags
until the street was alive and the col
ors of their flags Wended in a whirling
screen Of pink.
As the batteries came on pandemoni
um broke loose and the old folks joined
with the young in the wave of enthusi
asm. Windows were flung open and
flags were thrust forth and waved with
a vigor that deled subjection. Women
leaned out of parlor windows and for
getting feminine dignity shook "tidies"
and table covers and sofa cushions un
til the last man of the line was far out
of sight.
As Ac column proceeded the crowds
grewjhicker and the younger element
as v,^Br ! " '''■■ "''• became more boister
ous^flrfhey yelled and they hoorayed
until voices broke and throats were
husky.
The drum corps of one of the schools
beat a long roll, and the people accom
panied it with their shouts, but deeper,
more full of meaning than any shout
from the crowd, would come the sullen
rumble of the guns when they left the
smooth pavement and jolted over the
tracks that crossed their path. It is like
the warning from the rattlesnake;
there is nothing on earth just like it,
and every time the guns and caissons
fretted over rougher pavement or cross
ing car tracks it chilled the cheer — for
the men were not on parade, and the
rumbling of the guns boded no good.
At Golden Gate avenue the column
turned and forced its way through as
solid a mass of people as ever blocked
a thoroughfare. Every one ha.l a flag,
A LEADER OF ARTILLERY,
To Command the Light Batteries on the Field
of Chickamauga.
Lieutenant Colonel Wallace F, Randolph, Third United States
Artilleru, Who Has Been Assigned to Imporant Dutu.
Lieutenant-Colonel Wallace F. Randolph. Third United States Artillery, will leave here with General Shafter and
ptaff next Thursday. Orders have been received from the Secretary of War directing Colonel Randolph to proceed to
Chickamauga Park and take command of the light artillery there assembled. Colonel Randolph was probably selected
for this command for the reason that he has for the past six years been in command of the light artillery school at
Fort Riley, Kansas.
Colonel Randolph was born in Pennsylvania June 11, 1841, and entered the volunteer service as a private in
Company F, Seventeenth Pennsylvania Infantry, April IS, IS6I. He was discharged from the regiment June 2S. IMH.
On May 4, 1861, in conformity with the proclamation of the President a new regiment of twelve batteries was added
to the artillery arm of the service and became known as the Fifth. Colonel Randolph was appointed second lieuten
ant in the newly organized regiment, his commission dating from May 14, 1861. He was promoted first lieutenant March
5, ISC2, captain July 25, 1866. On April 25, 18SS, he was promoted major, and in March, IKOS. was made lieutenant-colonel
Colonel Randolph earned the brevot of captain June 14, 18G3, for gallant and meritorious service in defence ->f
Winchester, Va. He was brevetted major March V,. 1886, for good conduct and gallant services during the war.
His battery participated in the defence of Winchester, and occupied without mleciuate support an isolated, un
protected outwork, dominated by a mounta'.i- to the west within raniTj. Here the battery remained until iate 'n the
afierr.oon, when the enemy opened upon it. witl a plunging fire from sixteen gurio Many of the men and motft of the
hotM* were killed or wounded, and caiisons and limbers blown up. The battery v;ip so disabled inside of ton min
utes that it became impossible to icmove the guns. Suddenly the enemy charged with five regiments, which had
been massed behind a ridge in front.
Nothing inside the works could stop this onslaught, but the men stood by their guns until the enemy had planted
its colors on the parapet. Not till then did Randolph order his men to fall back. Lieutenant Randolph was carried
wounded into the town and fell into the hands of the Confederates.
Colonel Randolph has served continuously with his regiment since the war at posts along the Atlantic coast
from Maine to Florida. A few days ago he came to the Presidio* succeeding Colonel E. B. Williston.
Colonel Randolph's personal popularity in the army is great. The prediction is made that he will attain a high
command in the approaching with Spain. He possesses the elements of a leader and retains to-day the dash
and vigor of the youthful soldier.
too, and every one wanted space to
wave it. The shrill, piping treble of
I childish patriotism had given plxce to
j the ringing cheer that has in it as much
' of the heart as of the head; that is liko
; a draught of sparkling wine; a cheer
; that nerves a man to dare all things,
; to hear it swirling round his head if
| only once again. The men themselves
took it up and waved their hats, and
grabbing Hags from offering hands they
waved them over the crowd, shouting
j and cheering as if for this only they
I had been living.
A block down Golden Gate avenue an
enthusiastic brewery with steam up let
loose its whistle, and catching the note
the crowd joined in in a long sustained
call until the ears of every one sung
like a seashell.
On down toward Market street the
batteries went, going in single file and
leaving the remainder of the street for
the people. Along by the houses a con
stant stream of people hurried, keeping
up with the head of the column. Boys
ran ahead whistling through their
fingers. Men elbowed their way
singly, in twos and threes, and some
times dragging a woman, or may be
one on each arm. Along the edges of
the sidewalks and out into the street
the people stood tight packed like
sheep in a strange corral, and along
with the guns ran the small boy, hun
dreds of him, shouting and yelling as
he ran. Some had even climbed up by
the guns, and as it was really not a
parade the gunners let them ride.
With the basalt pavement as a basis
the guns waked the echoes of Market
street, and the frantic efforts of the
people could not drown the rumble of
th.-ir passing. But Market street is
wide, and the size of the streets was
the only thing that limited the crowds,
so from Golden Gate avenue to where
the column turned into Fourth street
the march was more like a welcome
home than the start of a journey that
will end no one knows where.. But
those on the streets had forgotten that,
and so there was nothing to hinder the
cheer, and those on the guns didn't
care, and so there was nothing to pre
vent an answering cheer, and so the
shout went back and forth until the
bugles called a halt among the freight
cars.
They loaded the cars from the frHght
rltit r ( im on King street. Dismount,
strip the horses, harness and saddles in
the sacks and the whole into those last
two box cars: horses into the stock
cars, guns and caissons on the fiat
cars; men in line and away for the
boat. ,
Every man had his own work, and
every horse had an owner. The horses
objected somewhat to stock cars, but
then they didn't know that war is
about to be declared. In they -went,
fourteen to a car. and packed close as
potted ham they bit and kicked until
they were tired. They will be more
tired still before th' y got out again, for
there is no time to lose between here
and Chickamauga.
ANOTHER CARESS.
Words of Farewell at the Rail-
road Station.
The work of the soldiers was ham
pered by the people who filtered
through the lines of policemen and who
stood around and talked to the battery
Continued on Ninth Page.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Was Run Down
By hard work until I weighed only 68M-
pounds. My blood was impure and I
procured a few bottles of Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. My weight has increased and
I am now feeling well. I recommend
Hood's Sarsap.arilla to everyone as an
excellent medicine for building up the
strength."— Mrs. A. A. Allen, Lathrop,
Cal.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six
for $5. Prepared by C. I. Hood & Co.,
Lowell, Mass.
■I ti n*lt are the only pills to
Hood s Pills *£rS!? Hood>s «-no_textFACING AN ULTIMATUM
SAGASTA DEFIES AMERICA
PRESIDENTS
ULTIMATUM
NOW READY
The End of Spain's Rule
in Cuba Is Fast Ap
proaching.
If the Dons Refuse to Go Then
Uncle Sam's Boys in Blue Will
Forward March.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs:
President McKinley's ultimatum de
manding that the Government of Spain
at once relinquish its authority and gov
ernment in the island of Cuba and with
draw its land and naval forces from Cu
ban waters has been prepared.
The ultimatum will be transmitted
to Minister Woodford at 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning, with instruc
tions to present it immediately to the
Spanish Minister of Foreign Affairs.
It will he in the form of a brief note
incorporating the resolution of Con
gress and conveying in diplomatic lan
guage the information that Spain's re
ply is expected before 6 o'clock on Sat
urday morning, Madrid time, and that
in the absence of a favorable reply by
that time the President will be com
pelled, under the terms of the resolu
tion, to employ the land and naval
forces of the United States to enforce
compliance. Simultaneously with the
transmission of the note by cable to
Minister Woodford, a copy of it will be
handed to Senor Polo de Bernabe.
Spanish Minister in Washington.
The reason for delaying the ulti
matum until to-morrow was that if
it had been sent late this evening, a3
had been intended, it would have
reached Madrid in the middle of the
night.
It was decided, therefore, to take
plenty of time in its preparation and not
send it until to-morrow. Owing- to the
difference in time between Washington
Madrid, it will probably be about 5
k to-morrow afternoon. Madrid
time, when the note is delivered to the
Spanish Government.
It will be eighteen minutes past 1
on Saturday, Washington time, when
the ultimatum expires, and when,
unless the unexpected should hap
pen and Spain should back down, or
ders will be sent to Captain Sampson
to move upon Havana with the Key
West fleet.
It was a busy day at the White House
r.'.-l one which will stand out promi
nently in the history of the country for
all time. The President rose early this
morning and was at once handed the
bulletin which had been prepared by the
t< legraph operator at the White House
announcing the action of Congress on
the Cubnn resolution.
The Cabinet began to assemble be
fore 1 1 o'clock, and by that hour all of
the President's official advisers were sit
ting about the table in the Cabinet
room. Though the subject of the ulti
matum was uppermost in every mind, it
was not the first matter discussed.
Chairman Dingley of the House
Committee of Ways and Means ar
rived at the White House iust 2s the
Cabinet was going into session nnd had
a few minutes' talk with the President
about war revenues, and this was the
first matter talked of by the Cabinet.
Secretary Gage explained to his asso
ciates what the new revenue bill was ex
pected to be and the amount of money
it would yield.
Then the question of the ultimatum
was taken up and was discussed at
length with Assistant Secretary of State
Day. who was charged with the duty of
preparing it.
■ r the general outline of the note
had been agreed upon. Assistant Secre
tary Day returned to the State Depart
ment to prepare it. Soon afterward the
Cabinet took a recess until half-past 3.
and the President went for a short walk
with Secretary of the Interior Bliss.
It was half-past i o'clock when Rep
resentative Hagcr of lowa, chairman of
the Committee of Enrolled Bills of the
House, arrived at the White House
with the enrolled copy of the Cuban re
tion for the signature of the Presi
dent. He was accompanied by Repre
sentative Overstreet of Indiana, and
Clerks Palmer of the Senate and Davis
of the House.
When Mr. Hager presented him
the resolution the President asked if
the House was in session, and on be
ing informed that it was not he said
he would not sign the resolution at
once, as the House could not be in
formed of his action.
The resolution has not yet been
6igned. It is the intention of the Presi
dent to affix his signature to it to-mor
row at 10 o'clock, just before the ulti
official action in carrying out the reso
lution will follow immediately after its
going into effect.
At the adjourned Cabinet meetinar
this afternoon Assistant Secretary Day
presented his draft of an ultimatum
drawn on the lines decided imon in the
morning. It was most carefully con
sidered by the President and his ad-
MILITIAMEN TO
HAVE THE FIRST
CALL TO SERVE
President Will Ask for Eighty
Thousand Volunteers to
Invade Cuba.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The authoritative statement was made
at the War Department to-day that on the first call for troops only the
National Guard would be given an opportunity to volunteer for service
in war. This statement is In accordance with those made by Secrexary
Alger to the national guardsmen who called on him at? the War De
partment on Saturday when the modified Hull bill for the expansion of
the army was under consideration. Secretary Alger thinks that such
a course is in keeping- with sound discretion and the dictates of com
mon sense, for the organized militia have gone to great expense and
have devoted much time to perfecting themselves for military duty.
Any other course, he believes, would be destructive to the best interests
of the gruard. As far as practicable, the State organizations entering
the volunteer service will remain intact, the Governors of the various
States being permitted, as they were in 1861. to designate regimental
officers, which will Include those erf the grades from second lieutenant
to colonel. The President will reserve to himself the right to appoint the
staff and field officers.
Many applications have been made to the War Department for per
mission to volunteer, and among men of all creeds, nationalities and
politics there is an expressed intention and desire to uphold the honor
and the integrity of the flag of the republic.
It was stated to-day that the first call for troops would be for 80,(K)0
men, which, it is believed, will exhaust the entire available strength of
the National Guard at this time, after deducting those who are sick and
otherwise incapacitated for immediate service. The total strength of
the Guard as reported to the War Department is 113,764 men.
matum is transmitted to Spain. So his
visers, and only a few unimportant
verbal changes were made.
The Cabinet then became a council
of war.
Lieutenant Colonel Wagner, chief of
the Bureau of Military Intelligence, and
Captain Barker of the Naval Board of
Strategy, were summoned to the White
House and discussed with the President
and Cabinet the plans which have been
made for the operations of the army and
navy on the outbreak of hostilities.
Special attention was given to the con
sideration of the first moves to be made
by the various forces. It was nearly 6
o'clock when the Cabinet finally ad
journed.
President Frank Thompson of the
Pennsylvania Railway and Senator
Hanna arrived at the White House
soon after the Cabinet meeting and had
a long conference with the President.
Mr. Thompson has been called upon by
the President to act as his official ad
viser in connection with the transporta
tion of troops and all kinds of military
supplies during the war with Spain. It
is probable that he may receive the same
military rank as Colonel Scott, also the
president of the Pennsylvania Railway,
did when he held a similar position un
der President Lincoln during the Civil
War.
President McKinley's last duty was to
do the final revision of the ultimatum to
Spain. He and Assistant Secretary Day
went over the document for the last
time to be satisfied that it was all right
before the final adjournment of the Cab
inet.
The President invited all of its mem
bers who cared to do so to call at the
White House to-morrow morning be
fore io o'clock and again read over the
ultimatum, but as all of them were per
fectly satisfied with its text, it is not
probable they will do so.
Major Lyon Dies at Redding.
REDDING, April 19.— Major John F.
Lyon died here at an parly hour this
morning. He was a veteran of the laic
rebellion, having risen from the ranks to
major in the army of the South. He came
from St. Louis a number of years ago and
had since been heavily interested la the
mines.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
PUBLIC OPINION IN EUROPE
ON THE COMING WAR
On the Continent, Particularly With the Latin
Nations, It Is for Spain, but England Is the
Firm Friend of America,
PARIS, April 19. — To Americans reading the European newspapers the expressions of opinion regarding the
conflict between the United States and Spain are sometimes instructive and occasional// highly amusing. The
sympathies of the Continental press are almost wholly with Spain, particularly in the Latin countries, but these sym
pathies are of a quiet, p/atonic nature, based upon some vague idea or other of fraternizing against a little known
and, perhaps, an a/most barbarian foe, or upon the fear of that dimly understood but the none less terrible
bugaboo labeled the "Monroe Doctrine."
The fee/ing is mild, undefined and doctrinaire even, /ts expression sounds well enough as an exposition of
the pretty theory of the solidarity of the Latin races, but it carries no sense of deep conviction.
Very strictly in contrast are the plain, straightforward declarations of the English press and the representa
tives of all classes of English society and opinion.
From the Times downward you have no theorizing in the air, but you can hear John Bull put his foot down.
He believes the cause of peace in Cuba to be a good one; he recognizes that the fight, if fight there must be, is
not his, but he's rather sorry he's not in it.
The depth of British sympathy with the United States has evidently made an impression on French Journalists,
for several of them have set to work to minimize it. The London correspondent of the Paris Matin takes half a
column to deny its existence, saying it is merely an official pose. This ingenious writer does not kno* a single
Englishman who would not hurrah with delight if the Americans got a licking.
Figaro suggests that England is egging the United States on to war because of the increased commercial
activity which will accrue to Britain in case American productive forces are paralyzed by an outbreak of hostilities.
Of all the Paris papers Le Temps appears to be alive to the situation. It hopes the powers may induce Spain
to give up Cuba, but fears that war is inevitable.
ENGLISH ADVICE
NOT INTRUDED
Balfour Makes a State
ment in the House of
Commons.
Would Be Sorry to Believe That
America Resented Britain's
Action.
There Is a Rush of Englishman to
Enlist in tho Unitod States
Navy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 19.— 1n the House of
Commons to-day Mr. Balfour. Govern
ment leader, replying to James H. Dal
ziel (Liberal), said that the British Em
bassador at Washington, Sir Julian
Pauncefote, at the end of March was
authorized to "join with the other
Embassadors in friendly representa
tions to the United States, provided we
were first assured that such represen
tations were likely to be well received
and useful."
Continuing, Mr. Balfour said: "Sir Ju
lian Pauncefote accordingly joined with
the others, and the British Charge d'Af
faires at Madrid, on April 9. lolned with
the representatives of the other powers
in verbal identical representations, ex
pressing the opinion that the Spanish
Government would do well to . .Tect a
suspension of hostilities, which might
lead to an honorable understanding for
the peace of Cuba. No further repre
sentations have been made."
Michael Davitt (Irish Nationalist)
asked whether the representations had
not been resented by popular opinion
In America as an unwarranted inter
ference in the domestic responsibilities
of the republic.
"I doubt that," answered Mr. Balfour.
amid cheers, "and I am sorry if it is a
Copyrlfhted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
SQUADRON FOR
THE PROTECTION
OF GULF CITIES
Navy Department Will Probably
Organize a Fourth Patrol
of Cruisers,
NSW YORK, April 13.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
There is reason to believe that a fourth squadron for the protection of
cities of the gulf coast may be formed by the Navy Department. This
force will probably act as a Southern patrol squadron, and, like the
Northern patrol squadron, of which Commodore J. A. Howell has been
placed In command, as announced in the Herald this morning, it will
be composed of one protected cruiser and four auxiliary cruisers. In
case it is finally determined to form a gailf patrol squadron its head
quarters will probably be fixed at New Orleans, where fears are enter
tained for the safety of the levees of the Mississippi River. These levees
could be destroyed without much difficulty by an enemy provided he
could reach them, and the department does not intend to allow him to
get into a position to do damage by this means.
The cruiser Newark, which will be ready for service within the
next three weeks, and will be, as formerly, the flagship of the South
Atlantic station, is the most available vessel for assignment to the
Southern patrol squadron as Its flagship. The Newark and the San
Francisco are sister ships and are, therefore, formidable.
Secretary Long and Captain A. S. Crowninshield, Chief of the Bu
reau of Navigation, have not yet determined upon the officer to assign
to the command of the Newark, but Captain A. S. Barjter, now a mem
ber of the Naval Strategic Board, is most prominently mentioned in
connection with the assignment.
Continuing his policy of placing coal within easy reach of the
North Atlantic squadron, Commander Bradford, Chief of the Bureau
of Equipment, to-day purchased 10,000 tons, which is being shipped to
Key West.
Commander Bradford has on hand many bids and can place a con
tract for any quantity without delay and within a comparatively short
time. The patriotism of several of these dealers is shown by the fact
that they have attached to their bids statements that they are not to
be considered in case of war before their acceptance or that in case a
bid is accepted coal will be delivered free on board ships or trains, the
Government to pay freightage.
fact. I am sure that if such a feeling
exists in any section of opinion in
America, that opinion was formed un
der a misconception. I am certain that
the instructions furnished to Sir Julian
Pauncefote, which I have just given to
the House, will convince the House and
the public that we have not intruded
ourselves unnecessarily."
There have been many applica
tions at the United States Embassy
and at the United States Consulate
nere this week for enlistment in the
United States army or navy. Most
of the applicants were Englishmen,
including several officers and former
officers of the British army of lieu
tenant grade. A number of engin
eers also applied, and applications
were received from women who are
desirous of serving as nurses in the
field.
A majority of those who applied for
enlistment expect to be sent to the
United States at the Government ex
pense. They were all told that the
United States officials here had no au
thority to enlist.
Lieutenant Sims, the United States
naval attache at Paris, and Colonel Al
fred E. Bates, the United States mili
tary attache here, have purchased dur
ing the week severaf large lots of am
munition, including gun cotton. The
latter, it is presumed, is to be used for
mines. All the officials concerned
maintain secrecy as to the ships which
are to carry the war munitions to the
United States^
MARROWSTONE POINT
WITHOUT ARMAMENT.
Big Guns Retained by the War De
partment for Atlantic Coast
Ports.
SEATTLE, April 19.— Fcr the present
Marrowstone, a strategic situation
near Port Townsend. will continue to
be without armament. Four 10-inch
and two 12-inch guns have been or
dered there, but to-day it was learned
that the had recalled
the order. It was stated that there are
places on the Atlantic seaboard where
the guns are more urgently needed
than on Puget Sound. The carriages
for the monster engines of death
reached Seattle several days ago.
AMERICANS MAY FIND
HAVANA IN RUINS.
Spaniards Threaten to Blow Up Their
Houses to Prevent Their Be
ing Taken.
HAVANA. April 19.— The press of the
entire island attacks the "jingoes" and
the "sensational American press," es
pecially singling out General Lee. All
the articles are written at high ten
sion and are full of bellicose ardor. The
writers recall the history of Spain and
particularly the diplomatic victory
over Prince Bismarck in the Carolines.
The Spanish are easily excited to en
thusiasm, as the prospect placed be
fore them by these inflammatory arti
cles refer to adding to the country's
glories a triumph over the powerful
American people. They take It as an
insult if American superiority is sug
gested.
Senor Ramon Calban, a leading mer
chant, said in the presence of this cor
respondent: "I wish there were war
to-morrow and I would give my life to
see a victory over the Yankees."
Others say, for instance: "The Yan
kees will not take Havana, but if they
should, they will only find ruins."
Some emphatically declare that they
would prefer to blow up their own
houses rather than have them taken
by the Americans. There is a good
deal said along this line.
The exchange is still falling. Pro
visions are rising in price, although
still abundant. There is great activ
ity in military centers. Everything in
dicates the beginning of the end.
Death at Woodland.
WOODLAND, April 10.— George Wise
man, a pioneer and a native of St. Louis
aged 67, died to-day.
I SMITHS' CASH STORE. 27 Market
etreej, eei;.s ''SJT-4-NP.ABP'' shirts. •
DEFIANCE
OF THE DONS
TO AMERICA
Spain Will Fight Rather
Than Give Up the
Island of Cuba.
Queen Regent's Speech Accuses
the United States of
Planning War.
MADRID. April 19.— 1t was ru
mored in town this evening that Gen
eral Woodford would leave to-mor
row, but he has authorized a formal
denial of the report. Madrid is quiet
and prepared to meet developments.
The supporters of the Government
in both houses of Parliament met in
the Senate chamber at 5 o'clock this
evening. Senor Sagasta, tin Premier,
addressed them as follows:
"The times are so grave and the
circumstances are so exceptional that
acts and not words are necessary to
face the present difficulty. Attempts
are being made to sully the glorious
history of Spain by an infamous cal-
umny. Different Spanish govern
ments have done their utmost to
avert the war to which we are being
provoked.
"We have now reached
the limit o? concessions
compatible with honor and
territorial integrity.
"We consented to the last conces
sion at the instance of the Pope and
powers. We yielded in facts, but now
attempts are made on our honor and
the menaces directed against our ter
ritory. That is f thing to wnich
Spaniards will never consent. (Ap
plause.)
"This is not the moment to trace
a parliamentary programme, but the
moment to unite ourselves, as our
fathers have before, in the face of an
odious attempt against the integrity
of our territory. The insult offered
us to-day is the most infamous that
has ever been offered.'' (Prolonged
applause.)
Continuing, Senor Sagasta coun
seled rapid consideration by the
Chambers in order to afford means to
defend the country's integrity. He
added: "Spain will not allow one
parcel of her territoi-y to be taken
from her with impunity; nor will
she be a party to any trafficking for
her possessions." (Prolonged and en
thusiastic applause.)
The Ministers met to-day to mod
ify the speech from the throne in con
formity with the situation. Senor
Silvela, leader of the dissident Con
servatives, when addressing his
party, declared it inopportune to
formulate a political programme.
He evoked the memory of the late
Senor Canovas del Castillo, and de
clared that he and his party would
aid the Government by voting as
much as should be necessary for the
national defense without any oppo
sition, although making note of the
responsibility incurred, in order to
investigate, if need be, at a more op
portune time. He declared also that
the dissident Conservatives would
respect whatever financial arrange
ments the Government might enter
into, no matter what these might
cost, as it was the only means of se
curing later on peace with honor.
Seldom has there been witnessed
a more impressive and significant
scene. The large hall of the Senate
was densely crowded with Liberal
Senators and Deputies, who listened
with breathless attention to the short
speech, of Senor Sagasta, only inter
rupting him with unanimous and
loud applause when he indignantly
alluded to the "unjustified and in
famous aspersions cast upon Spain"
with regard to the Maine disaster.
Even more enthusiastic applause
greeted his closing words, when he
sternly and proudly declared that
the Government hopea to receive the
support of all Spaniards "in defense
of their territory and ancient rights
which any of their ancestors would
have repelled with the same energy
and courage."
If the idea still existed in the
mind of any one here that war could
be avoided, Senor Sagasta's speech is
regarded as finally S3ttling all
doubts.
There Is not a single individual
here who cherishes even a vague hope
that war may still be averted.
"The die is cast," said a Minister
whose efforts to maintain peace have
been untiring, as soon as the tele
gram announcing that the confer
ence committees had come to an
agreement was received. "There is
no possible escape, nor are we seek
ing any. it has been suggested that
Spain could dispose of the difficulty
Iby withdrawing her forces, but sure*
| ly those who make such a suggestion;
must be aware that no nation could
I act upon it, at least no such nation a»
1 Spain. It would be idle to deny that
we feel bitterly about the entire mat
i ter."
LONDON, April 20.— The Madrid
correspondent of the Standard, tele
graphing on Tuesday, says: I un
derstand the speech from the throne
will review the whole course of the
relations between Spain and the
United States, with the view of show
ing how Spain, in her relations with
America and her treatment of the
West Indian colonies, has spared no
; effort to make concessions and re
! forms compatible with her rights to
conciliate her colonists and to pre
serve friendly relations with Amer
ica, whereas the United States has
all along persisted in seeking pre
texts to interfere in the purely do
mestic relations of Spain with her
colonies and has persisted more than
; ever since the advent to office of
President McKinley, by menaces and
diplomatic notes, in trying to inter
vene in the settlement of the Cuban
question.
So much so has this been the case,
the speech will declare, that the
i United States has constantly put ob
i stacles in the way of Spain whenever
negotiations or the military QiTorts
of Spain have been on the point of
pacifying Cuba.
The speech from the throne will
point out that the Spanish Govern
ment has steadily resisted the Amer
ican pretensions, while making all
possible concessions to America on
the other questions, and would have
gone even further If America had
only undertaken to respect the right
and sovereignty of Spain in Cuba.
The document will lay stress upon
the fact that America has displayed
increased virulence and hostility
since Spain granted a suspension of
hostilities at the request of the Pope
and powers.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Daily Mail, telegraphing at 6:45 p.
m., Tuesday, says: A Cabinet coun
cil was held very early this after
noon, in order to consider the situa
tion. The Government adopted finally
the resolutions respecting their rela
tions with the United States. The
Ministers were unanimous in declar
ing that a conflict was certain and
quite at hand.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
m n>mm " lv extracts of
$fc FN  i r -^V^j i ' '"" opium under
B& [I I T |fcf§^ the skin i Q
i'-r I ' ?•s** order to get rest aadv
Ml f2«9 s * ee P' tllc rave is not
L ■ jSjjfflman who works time to
jygy^take care of health is
yOU before it is utterly and
Ejjj irretrievably gone. The
ggjSman who works on an<J
fi*on, utterly heedless of
■ 3e|» health and too busy to
Hm l^ $£J occasionally take a little
necessary medicine, is
*■*■""""*■ committing suicide as
surely as if he turned a pistol on his heart.
Such a man dies by little degrees. First a
little indigestion and a little neglect. Then
loss of appetite. The bowels get clogged
and the blood receives poisons instead of
healthy nutriment. Ola, inert tissues in
flesh, muscle, nerve and brain are not re-
placed by new. The whole body gets stale.
The very sleeping-room of a man in this
condition is filled in the morning with un-
wholesome odors as if it had been occupied
by a decomposing corpse. It has been oc-
cupied by a. man half-dead. The poisoned
brain refuses to sleep and hates to work.
Then comes the resort to the hypodermic
injection of morphine and — speedy death.
All this may be prevented by the use of
Dr. Pierce s Golden Medical Discovery. It
corrects all disorders of the digestion,
makes assimilation perfect, fills the blood
with the vital elements that make new tis-
sue, builds healthy flesh, firm muscles,
strong nerves and active brain cells... It
drives out impurities and disease. Thou-
sands of men in all walks of life have testi-
fied to its wonderful merits.
It's an insult to your intelligence for a dealer
to attempt to palm off upon you a substitute for
this world-famed medicine. You know what you
want. It's his business to inset that want. When
he urges some substitute he's thinking of the
larger profit he'll mate — cot of your welfare.
Shun all such dishonest dealers.
The man or woman who is repular as clock-
work is seldom trembled with disease or
mental or bodily lassitude. Dr. Pierces
Pleasant Pellets are a safe, sure, speedy and
permanent care for coi^iipation. One'little
'Pellet" is a gentle laxative, and two a mild
cathartic. They never Rvipo. You will have
reason to regret it if you let a dishonest
druggists induce you to take a substitute
34
BLOCKADE
OF CUBA AND
PORTO RICO
That Is the Plan of Cam
paign Finally Determ
ined Upon.
And if Spain Does Not Finally Back
Down the Naval Forces Will
Move on Saturday Next.
NEW YORK, April 19.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Non-compliance by Spain with the
terms of President McKlnley's ultima
tum will be followed by the dispatch of
the North Atlantic and flying squad
rons, at eighteen minutes past 1 o'clock
on Saturday morning, to Cuba and
Porto Rico to oust her from those isl
ands.
This decision was reached at two
Cabinet sessions held to-day. Briefly,
the plan determined upon Is to insti
tute an Immediate blockade of Cuba
and Porto Rico and to take possession
of ports near Havana and San Juan,
which will be held by marines and blue
Jackets until they are relieved by arm
ies transported from the United States.
It will be the duty of these armies
to assist the naval squadron In the re
duction of Havana and San Juan. With
the entrance of armies into Cuba and
Porto Rico supplies will be shipped into
the Islands and will be distributed by
commissary officers to such Cubans as
may be In need.
Secretary Long has notified Captain
Sampson, commander-ln-chlef of tho
North Atlantic Squadron, and Com
modore W. S. Schley, commander-in
chief of the flying squadron, of the
decision which has been reached by the
Government, and these officers will
have the vessels of their fleets In read
iness to move the moment the word Is
given that Spain has declined to meet
the demands of President McKinley.
Under the plans determined upon Cap
tain Sampson's vessels will not only
blockade Havana, but will blockade
every other port in Cuba, both on the
northern and the southern coast, and
the Hying squadron under command
of Commodore Schley will take similar
action with reference to the ports of
Porto Rico.
In order to fully acquaint themselves
■with the latest plan drawn up by the
army and navy experts the President
and his Cabine" listened this afternoon
to an explanation made by Captain A.
8. Barker, naval member, and Lieuten
ant Colonel A. L. Wagner, army mem
ber. These two officers carefully w»nt
over the situation with the President
and his advisers and the plan which
they have drawn up is understood to
meet with the approval of the officials.
The plan which these officers have
specially prepared contemplates united
operation of the naval and military
forces, and will be executed Just as soon
as the navy reduces a port and occu
pies it with marines. Then troops will
be transported from the United States
to Cuba at the point of investment.
Immediately after the institution of
the blockad • the President will find it
necessary to inform the neutral powers
of the action of the naval squadron of
this Government. The policy of the
United States with respect to blockades
wag announced by Secretary Seward in
1868, when, in his instructions to the
United States Minister to Colombia, he
stated that "Only such blockade as
Khali be duly proclaimed and main
tained by an adequate force in con
formity with the law of nations will
be observed and respected by the
United States." ihis will be the policy
of the administration with reference to
the blockade of Cuba and Porto Rico.
The neutral nations of the world will
be informed.
First — That the blockade will be
strictly enforced upon these principles
recognized by the law of nations.
Second — That armed vessels of neu
tral states will have the right to enter
And depart fr m the interdicted ports.
Third — That merchant vessels In port
at the time when the blockade takes
place will be allowed equitable time for
their departure.
The right to blockade an enemy's
ports with a competent force is a right
Becured to every belligerent by the law
of the nations. But to Justify the ex
ercise of this right and to legalize the
capture of a neutral vessel for violat
ing it a state of actual war must exist,
and notice must be given to neutrals
by the United States of its Intentions
to blockade Cuban and Porto Rican
ports. Having knowledge of a block
.ade the officials declare that interna
" tional law holds that no neutral can
lawfully enter or attempt to enter the
blockaded ports; and to do so would be
a violation of neutral character
which, according to established usages,
would subject the property engaged
therein to the penalty of confiscation.
It Is proposed by the administration to
make the blockade effective in order
that its exercise may not be questioned.
It is for this reason that so many yes
ASIATIC SQUADRON
PAINTS FOR WAR.
HONGKONG. April 19.-The
warships of the United States
squadron are painting their
hulls, upper works and smoke
stacks a dark gray, landing
their spare gear and otherwise
preparing for active service. The
revenue cutter Hugh McCullough,
now belonging to the auxiliary
fleet, has arrived here from the
United States.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Pears'
Pears' soap is health to
the skin.
If you wash with proper
soap, your skin will be
open and clear, unless
your health is bad.
SPANISH TROOPS
CONCENTRATING
AT HAVANA.
HAVANA, April 19.— Troops
are arriving in Havana to-nieht.
General Hernandez de Velasco
came from Vuelta Abajo. The
volunteers throughout the Island
are ready to go to the places
which may be designated In the
rural towns as well as in Ha
vana.
The enthusiasm for war is
great. The last dispatches from
Washington had great effect on
the opinion of the Spanish peo
ple on this island, who see that
the moment 1b soon to arrive
when, by an appeal to arms, an
end will be made of the situation
of alarm and restlessness.
A committee of the Sociedad
Benefica Aragonesas called on
General Blanco to-day, offering
to turn over to him all their
tunds and properties, which are
not little, if they should be need
ed in case of war with the United
States.
La Union Constitucional pub
lishes to-day an article from Le
Journal of Parts, in which it Is
stated that Spain, believed to be
slumbering and powerless, has
shown great force and energy,
sending to Cuba, without any
other forces but her own, 200,000
men. Le Journal declares that
Spain should know her best
friends are in France.
sels have been added to Captain Samp
son's fleet, including yachts and tugs
which are desired for duty at the en
trances to shallow harbors.
Before the blockade can be Inaugur
ated it will be necessary for the ves
sels of the two fleets to destroy sixty
four gunboats, torpedo-boats and
launches which Spain now has In Cu
ban and Porto Rlcan ports.
It is the expectation of the officials
that many of these will be stationed
In the harbor of Havana, and that the
torpedo-boats will do what they can to
sink the blockading vessels by dashing
out at night. It is proposed that the
torpedo-boat flotilla of seven vessels
which this Government has attached to
Captain Sampson's command will ac
company his force to Cuba and will be
suitable in fighting the Spanish tor-
Captain Sampson's fleet will proba
bly not reach Cuba until early Satur
day forenoon. Commodore Schley's
force, having a greater distance to
steam, will probably not reach its des
tination until Monday. There is a prob
ability that even before Spain's reply to
the ultimatum of this Government is
read Commodore Schley may receive or
ders to go to the vicinity of St. Thomas,
to which point instructions will be sent
him to blockade, if necessary, the Porto
Klcan ports.
As soon as it is found convenient for
the battle-ships and armored and pro
tected cruisers to leave the duty of con
tinuing the blockade io smaller vessels
they will be sent abroad to meet and
| destroy vessels of the Spanish navy.
ONE INSURGENT
IS FOR PEACE
The Rebel Governor of
Matanzas Orders Hos
tilities Suspended.
Copyrighted, 189 S. by James Oordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 19.— 1 received Infor
mation to-day from Matanzas that the
insurgent government of that province,
at the head of -which is Pedro Betan
j court, chief of all the Insurgents there,
| has issued a circular suspending hos
tilities throughout the territory under
his command.
A popular demonstration took place
last night. All classes took Dart in it
and order reigned. A printed leaf was
circulated calling upon the Spanish
people to shut the doors of their estab
lishments and to show their patriotism
by taking part in the demonstration. A
procession started from the Spanish
Casino and went through several streets
to General Molinas' house. Its only
purpose was to make a downright pro
test against the action of the United
States Congress.
The American steamer Saratoga ar
rived this morning with only one pas
senger. The City of Washington sailed
this afternoon.
The insurgents to-day attacked the
laborers on the Santa Rita sugar plan
tation in Madruga. They took the
clothing and mude prisoners of two of
the workmen, whom they afterward set
free. The captives had been wounded.
Another band of insurgents shot
some men in the town of Las Villas and
took away sweet potatoes and other ar
ticles of food from the Cultivation
Zone. They also took tw teams of
oxen, stripped two workmen of their
clothing and made one prisoner.
The garrisons in the Snanish fortifi
cations fired at the rebels. The insur
gents also attacked Sierra, being driven
away by the garrison. Several hundred
Cubans are encamped at Area.
The Topeka Sails.
FALMOUTH, England. April 19.— The
Tokepa sailed to-night after shipping
fresh supplies of provisions and coal.
This is the new American cruiser, form
erly the Diogenes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
BERNABE IS
READY TO GO
Virtually, the Spanish Le
gation at Washington
Is Already Closed.
There Will Be No Attempt of
the Powers to Inter
fere.
It Is Conceded on All Hands Now
That War Cannot Bo
Averted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The Span
ish Minister, Senor Polo de Bernabe,
has made his final preparations for de
parture and Is calmly awaiting no
tification that the President has affixed
his signature to the Cuban resolu
tions, at which time the Minister will
take his leave. He had expected this
would come to-day and every arrange
ment had been made with that in view.
Now that the signing is deferred until
to-morrow, it is probable that the
Minister and his staff will depart be
fore another twenty-four hours pass
by. Before leaving he will transfer
the legation archives and effects to the
French embassy.
"Whether the State Department will
send Senor Polo his passports or he
will ask for them Is felt to be an im
material detail. He intends to go with
out reference to these formalities, and
there is every reason to believe that
the State Department will afford him
the protection of passports and any
other attentions usual in the enforced
departure of a Minister on the breaking
out of a war. The entire staff of the
legation will accompany the Minister.
Their exact movements after leaving
Washington are not known, except
that they will return to Spain at the,
earliest possible moment. It would not'
be surprising if the Minister and his
staff went by way of Canada, Instead
of New York, taking one of the At
lantic liners from Halifax.
The Spanish legation has been the
center of great activity throughout the
day. The Minister was up practically
all of last night, retiring shortly after
daylight this morning, after having in
formed his Government of the final
passage of the Cuban resolution. He
was again at his desk by 9 a. m., com
municating with his Government and
awaiting the next and final move in
making the resolutions effective. Al
though of sturdy physique, the Minister
showed signs of the great strain and
the responsibility put upon him during
the last few days. He saw a number
of friends, mainly of the diplomatic
corps, and to them expressed the view
that all hope of a peaceful settlement
appeared to be at an end, and that
Spain now left with the United States
the responsibility for war. Being con
vinced that all hope of peace was over,
the Minister's personal desires were
that the remaining formalities might
be dispatched as speedily as possible.
He was rather surprised late in the day
when told that the President's signing
of the resolutions would be deferred un
til to-morrow.
Early this morning the large metal
sign bearing the words "Office of the
Spanish Legation" was wrenched
from its place on the gate
and carried off by vandals. The
Minister made no complaint to the
State Department or to the police, as he
has sought to minimize the petty dep
redations against the legation, although
this was the most flagrant one com
mitted.
The various foreign embassies and
legations were intensely active to-day
in the expectation that hostilities were
near at hand. The several foreign of
fices were fully advised of the passage
of the resolutions and were kept posted
as to the prospects of the President's
signature.
Some of the Embassadors and Min
isters called at the State Department
to learn whether the President would
sign the resolutions. They were in
formed by Judge Day that the Presi
dent Intended to sign them. This, in
turn, was communicated to the foreign
offices and was regarded as placing
the matter beyond any question of
doubt. The representatives of the pow
ers of Europe held no meeting during
the day, nor is any meeting at present
In prospect. Those who have been most
hopeful of the bringing about of Euro
pean coalition now concede that such a
move is Impossible. There seems to be
a general purpose among foreign Gov
ernments to observe a strict neutrality.
Already, it is said. Great Britain has
taken steps, not only to maintain a
passive neutrality, but to enforce it
with arms if necessary. Two regimen! a
of L'ritish soldiers are now in the Brit
ish West Indies, and these are about to
be augmented by another regiment en
route from Halifax. They are concen
trated in the belief tJTat the West In
dies will be a center of conflict and that
the stress of war may lead one or tne
other belligerents to occupy neutra!
British territory.
If that occurs a British force will see
that the territory is vacated and that
British soil is not used as a base of ope
rations for hostilities for either party to
the c tnflict. So far as is known, the
French Government will observe the
same neutrality. Its West Indian pos
sessions are considerable and it has
several ships in those waters. Germany
and the other powers are expected to
take the same attitude.
In connection with the cable report
that the Dreibund has sought to effect
a plebiscite in Cuba, it was stated at
one of the embassies that this branch of
the negotiations occurred lost week and
embraced some circumstances not made
known in the cable dispatches. About
the middle of last week one of the em
bassies here was informed from its
Foreign Office that its embassador at
Madrid advised them that Minister
Woodford had suggested in a tentative
way a plebiscite as a possible solution
to the Cuban problem. This embassa
dor also advised his Foreign Office that
the suggestion did not meet with favo~
and had not been followed up. Since
then there has been no talk of a ple
biscite, so far as is known here.
SPANISH SYMPATHIZERS
IN SOUTH AMERICA.
Uruguayan Officers About to Enter
the Army and Navy of
the Dons.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Argentina, April
19. — The HeraJd correspondent in Mon
tevideo telegraphs that a son of the
famous dictator, Santos, who is a Uru
guayan naval officer, is now serving on
board the Spanish cruiser Vizcaya.
Other Uruguayan officers are about to
enter the service of Spain in her army
and navy. The police are now guarding
the United States consulate in Asun
cion, Paraguay. The Herald cor
respondent sends word that the Span
iards have made noisy demonstrations
against the United States. They have
been prohibited from burning effigies
of President McKlnley and other
American statesmen.
LEO'S LAST HOPE.
PARIS, April 19.— The Figaro's
Rome correspondent says: "The
Vatican was approached by a
representative of a European
power in repurd to a proposition
which mig' > ye t avert a conflict
between Spain and the United
States. Spain is to offer Cuba to
the Pope, just as Austria ceded
Venice to Napoleon 111, and the
Pope would be able to declare the
independence of Cuba,
"Thus the amour propre of the
Spaniards woi. be safeguarded
and a disastrous war, which
might compromise Spain's pos
session of her other colonies,
would be avoided.
"The Pope gave a favorable re
ception to the p-oposition, but
declared he could nc take the
initiative. However the idea has
been submitted and the Pope has
not rejected it"
WALKER MAY
ASSIST LONG
Rear Admiral Likely to
Become Roosevelt's
Successor.
The Assistant Secretary of the
Navy Still Insists Upon
Resigning.
Believes His Duty to the Department
Ends When Preparations Ars
Complete.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 19.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald Bays: Rear
Admiral John G. Walker, retired, may
be the successor of Theodore Roosevelt
as Assistant Secretary of the Navy.
Notwithstanding the pressure exerted
upon Mr. Roosevelt by the President
and his friends I understand he has not
wavered In his determination to resign
his office upon the outbreak of war and
seek active service in the army. Know
ing that it is Mr. Roosevelt's purpose
to tender his resignation there has been
some talk in official circles as to the
man to be selected as his successor.
As far as Mr. Roosevelt is concerned
he feels the work of a civilian In the
office he holds ends with the comple
tion of preparations and the duty of
the incumbent will then be more In the
nature of an advisory character, which
can best be performed by naval officers.
While It is true that Rear Admiral
Montgomery Sicard is on duty as
naval adviser to the Secretary there is
much for the Assistant Secretary to do
ajid it is believed that a naval officer
should be the one to do It. It is also
pointed out to-day that it would be
most injurious to the naval service to
appoint as successor to Mr. Roosevelt
an inexperienced civilian and that, fur
thermore, President Lincoln, during the
rebellion, appreciated the necessity of
having a naval man as Assistant Sec
retary, as was shown by his action In
appointing Gustavus A. Fox, formerly
of the navy, to this office.
ANNOYED BY
SILLY RUMORS
Administration Has No
Intention of Seizing
Hawaii.
6peclal Dispatch to Th« Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, April 19.
The Call correspondent to-day re
ceived from a Cabinet officer an ac-
knowledgment that the administration
had no intention and never had enter
tained a thought of raising the Ameri
can flag over the Hawaiian Islands In
case of war with Spain.
"Why should we do such a thing?"
asked he. "The islands might be of
some strategic vaiue, perhaps, as a
coaling station, but we are not highway
robbere.
"The absurdity of the story tele
graphed from Washington some time
ago to the effect that the islands would
be seized is at once apparent to any in
telligent person who read the Presi
dent's message, and if you will care
fully read the resolutions adopted by
Congress yesterday and which will re
ceive the President's approval, you will
observe t'.iat an amendment was added
to the original resolution reported by
the Foreign Relations Committee, com
monly known as the Davis resolutions,
wherein any intention of exercising
sovereignty over Cuba is expressly dis
claimed. You ask 'What has this to do
with Hawaii V and I answer the United
States of America is anxious to appear
well in the eyes of the civilized world.
We want to dispel any notion that may
be abroad that a selfish and ulterior
purpose is the reason for our inter
vention in Cuban affairs. We are
anxious to show the world and the
great European powers in particular
that the acquisition of additional terri
tory is not our object.
"How foolish it would be then for us
to seize the Hawaiian Islands. This
would put us in the attitude of a high
way robber and create the Impression
abroad that in our quest for additional
territory, however remote from our
shores, we were willing to despoil the
Hawaiian republic and were anxious to
pick a quarrel v.-ith Spain in order that
the annexation of Cuba might result.
"Please state to The Call readers and
make it as emphatic as you like that
the administration has tried and will
continue to try and merit the friend
ship and sympathy of the nations of the
world, and this can be done only by
convincing them that our quarrel with
Spain is a just one and is not based on
our desire for the acquisition of new
territory. Why, even a fool could see
that our arbitrary seizure of the Ha
waiian Islands would bring down upon
our heads the odium and wrath of all
the nations.
"The story that Hawaii would be
seized originated in a fool's brain."
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AH drug
gists refund the money if it faiU to cure. 2co.
The guiujiit) has L. U. Q. ou each tablet.
TROOPS AWAY
TO THE FRONT
I Everywhere the People
Turn Out to Bid
Them Godspeed.
Gathering the Army That Is to
Drive Spain From
Cuba.
The Regulars Will Be Mobilized at
Various Points Along the Gulf
Coast.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, April 19.— The first section
of the train for the troops composing
the Fourth Regiment of Infantry left
Fort Sheridan this afternoon. The
train did not come into the depot at
Chicago, but was transferred to the
Panhandle tracks at Leavitt street, in
the outskirts, and continued on the
long journey to Tampa, The second
section, with the baggage and officers'
horses, will leave to-night.
Battery A, Second Artillery, and the
company of cavalry will leave to-mor
row for the Chickamauga camping
ground.
Major-General Brooke, who will com
mand the forces at Chickamauga, left
to-night, accompanied by his Btaff.
A larger number of men will be left
at Fort Sheridan than at any other
post in the Department of the Lakes,
as the department prison is located
there and at present an unusual num
ber of time prisoners are in confine
ment.
General Wade and his staff, formerly
in command of the Department of the
Dakotas, arrived In Chicago to-day
from St. Paul on his way to Tampa,
where he will take command of the
light artillery and cavalry.
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., April 19.—
The troops at Fort Leavenworth made
their start this afternoon. They com
prised the Twentieth Infantry, which
will go to Mobile, and four troops of
the Sixth Regiment of Cavalry, bound
for Tampa, Fla. The troops go to St.
Louis via the Missouri Pacific, then
south over the Illinois Central.
ST. LOUIS, *ipril 10.— The six troops
of the Third Cavalry and the six troops
of the Eleventh Infantry left Jefferson
barracks to-night for Chlckamagua
Park and Mobile, respectively. Fifty
four thousand rounds of ammunition
were talten.
DETROIT, April 19.— The departure
of the first battalion of the Nineteenth
Infantry from Fort Wayne for Mobile
this evening was marked by a serious
accident. During the firing of a salute
for the departing troops by those left
in charge of the fort Private George
Engman had his right arm nearly
blown off by the premature explosion of
a cannon, and Sergeant John W. An
niss, who was in charge of the firing
party, had his right hand severely in
jured. Engman'a arm was amputated.
Governor Pingree and a throng of
people witnessed the start and great
enthusiasm was manifested.
COLUMBUS-, April 19.— The Seven
teenth Regiment. United States Army,
composed of 628 officers and enlisted
men, left Columbus for Tampa, Fla,,
at 5:26 p. m. The citizens of Columbus
insisted on giving the regulars a "send
off," and Colonel Poland, by request,
marched the troops from the post to the
Union depot over Jhe principal streets.
No military organization ever received
a greater ovation. The streets for a dis
tance of two miles were so packed with
people that there was scarcely room
for the regime.it to march. The crowd
was estimated at 75,000.
The wildest enthusiasm prevailed, and
American and Cuban flags were dis
played on every hand. The escort of the
regiment consisted of the Columbus
battalion of the Fourteenth Regiment,
Ohio National Guard, members of the
City Council and city officials and about
800 veterans of the late war. Colonel
Poland was moved to tears by the mag
nificent demonstration. As the regi
ment passed the capitol a salute was
flred by Battery H, First Light Artil
lery, Ohio National Guard. One of the
regulars was taken with an epileptic fit
while on the march, and was carried to
the train on a litter.
SHERMAN, Idaho, April 19.— The Six
teenth Infantry has been packing three
days and are waiting for orders to move
South, but for some unknown reason
the order has not come. Two compa
nies of the regiment which have been
stationed at Fort Spokane are visiting
in Spokane City to-day and have gone
into camp there waiting for the regi
ment to move down to that place.
SEATTLE, Wash., April 19.— A tele
gram from Spokane states that two
companies of the Sixteenth Infantry,
under command of Major McLaughlln,
arrived in that city from Fort Spokane
this morning, and will await the arrival
of the five companies from Fort Sher
man, which are expected there in the
morning, when the regiment will de
part for New Orleans, leaving over the
O. R. & N. Railway. Colonel Theaker
will die In command. The troops arriv
ing to-day were accorded a rousing re
ception at the depot. Spokane's patri
otism was demonstrated by the stars
and stripes being thrown to the breeze
from nearly every business house in the
city. Several companies of volunteers
are In process of organization there,
whose services have already been ten
dered to the Government.
SANTA ROSA PATRIOTS
EAGER TO ENLIST.
More Than Enough Becruiis to Bring
(Company E Up to the
Limit.
SANTA ROSA, April 19.— Sergeant
Neal Brown, recruiting officer of Com
pany E, the local military company, re
ports this evening that over one hun
dred men enlisted in his company since
Monday morning when the lists opened.
From this list forty men will be se
lected to bring the company up to the
full number allowed. It is possible an
additional company will be formed
from the extra men, as many more
have signified a desire to enlist. If
necessary another company can be re
cruited here without difficulty. The
members of Company E are all pre
paring to be in readiness when the
summons comes to march, which is ex
pected at any time.
MEN OF PORTERVILLE
WOULD AWARRING GO.
PORTERVILLE, April 19.—Patriot
ism is rampant in all the walks of so
ciety here at present. Captain Theo
dore R. Shaw, who has seen much serv
ice on the battlefield and who has for
several years past been one of the lead
ing attorneys of this place, has made
application to Governor Budd for au
thority to organize and drill a company
of volunteers. Recruits are plenty and
willing, as was evidenced by a list for
volunteers that was opened here this
evening when twenty-five signed the
roll of honor In a little over an hour.
REED AND
HOBART SIGN
RESOLUTIONS
Congress Has Done Its
Part in Securing the
Freedom of Cuba.
It Remains Now for the President
to Send His Ultimatum to
Spain and Finish the Job
With Arms.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 19.
Comparatively little business was
transacted by the Senate to-day, all of
the Senators being fatigued on account
of their long vigil last night over the
Cuban resolutions. Consideration of the
sundry civil appropriation bill was re
sumed and the wide latitude of debate
permitted under the rules of the Son
ate afforded opportunity for some ex
planations to be made concerning the
action of the Senate on the Cuban
question.
Mr. Cockrell of Missouri and Mr. Ba
con of Georgia explained their action
In voting against the conference report
in the early hours of the Senate and
the colloquies that ensued between
them and some of the Republican Sen
ators were spicy and interesting. A
running fire of debate was precipitated,
which was participated In by Mr. Man
tle of Montana, Mr. Cannon of Utah,
Mr. Hale of Maine, Mr. Spooner of
Wisconsin and others, the discussion
lasting about three hours.
At the opening of the session the ex
citing and momentous scenes of the
past week had given way to a dull and
somber routine. Attendance on the
floor and in the galleries was small.
At 12:27 p. m. a message was received
from the House of Representatives an
nouncing the signature of the Speaker
to the Cuban resolutions. Eight min
utes afterward the Vice-President an
nounced his signature to the Cuban res
olutions.
In accordance with his announcement
made yesterday that he proposed to
insist upon the independence of the
Cuban republic, Mr. Allen of Nebraska
offered the following resolution which
was referred to the Committee on For
eign Relations:
That the republic of Cuba, the capitol
of which is located at Cubitas, is hereby
recognized by the United States of Ameri
ca as the lawful Government of the Island
of Cuba, and that the United States
hereby pledges to said republic its
friendly offices in the adjournment of its
financial affairs with the kinpdnm of
Spain or the holders of Spanish bonds or
Indebtedness issued against or made
chargeable to Cuba; that, so far as the
Influence of the United States may prop
erly be exercised, it wMI insist that said
republic shall not be charged with the
bonded or other indebtedness of Spain,
contracted during or prior to hostilities
with the respective Governments of Spain
and Cuba,
Mr. Stewart of Nevada said the res
olution reminded him of the very an
cient and very sapient scheme of lock
ing the door after the horse is stolen.
Mr. Allen declared that he was quite
satisfied that under the present ar
rangement the island of Cuba would
pass into the hands of "financial cor
morants and financial buzzards," un
less the United States should at once
take measures to protect the island and
its people.
The Senate then resumed considera
tion of the sundry civil bill, and at 5:05
adjourned.
CUBANS WILL
AID AMERICA
Island Army at the Dis
posal of the United
States.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
• NEW YORK, April 19.— The follow
ing statement on the Congressional Cu
ban resolutions was given out to-day
at the office of the Cuban Junta:
"The resolutions, as they stand, are
tantamount to the recognition of the
Cuban republic. The declaration is that
the people of Cuba are free and inde
pendent, while the Cuban people ac
knowledge allegiance only to the re
public of Cuba, which they have estab
lished and maintained by the force of
arms. The only object of the insur
rection was the independence of the
Cubans. This is provided for by the
resolutions. The Cubans asked that
before Intervention there be recogni
tion of independence. This was also
provided for by the resolutions. Their
desire to run their own Government
free from coercion is provided for by
the fourth paragraph of the resolu
tion.
"Under these circumstances the de
mand made by the United States, that
Spain at once evacuate the island, and
the threat that, in the event of her re
fusal, the land and naval forces of the
United States will be used to compel
evacuation, certainly merits the deep
est gratitude on the part of the Cu
bans. Should force be necessary on
the part of the United States there will
be the most complete co-operation by
the Cuban Government and its army.
Coast pilots and practiced pilots will
be placed immediately at the service
of the United States, and in every way
will the Cubans aid In expelling the
common enemy. To the patriotism of
the American people and the American
press the Cubans owe a debt of grat
itude, and for the confidence which the
American people have in them they
hope to prove their worthiness.
"The steadfastness with which they
have purused their Ideal for independ
ence and the organization which they
have shown in their fight against
Spain, are sufficient proof that they
will be able to maintain their independ
ence, and that peace will be their only
object for the future."
Naval Be serve Recruits.
SANTA CRUZ, April 19.— The ranks
of the naval reserves are rapidly filling
to the maximum limit. Fifteen recruits
have been sworn In and applications
are on file. Twenty-five Watsonville
young men are desirous of Joining.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 19.
The House presented a most desolata
appearance when it convened at noon
after the weary all-night session.
While the journal T vas being read Mr.
Hager (R.) of lowa, chairman of the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, brought
in the Cuban resolutions which had
been enrolled under his personal direc
tion. The Speaker immediately signed
them, and as soon as the reading of
the journal was completed at 12:16 p. m.
he announced his signature.
There was no demonstration. The
enrolling clerk at his side seized the
resolutions and hurried with them
across to the Senate chamber. Mr.
Grosvenor then, as a question of per
sonal privilege, had read at the clerk's
desk an editorial in a New York pa
per commenting on his statement in the
House on April 7, that this war would
be fought under the banner of the Re
publican administration of this Gov
ernment or it would not be fought at
all. Mr. Grosvenor explained the cir
cumstances under which the statement
was made. He had been delighted with
the record the Democratic party had
made and in the statement he only
meant that as the present administra
tion had three years to run the war
which was on us must be fought dur
ing its life or not at all. He had meant
no reflection and had appealed to both
sides of the House to stand by the
executive who had been assaulted.
"In this connection," concluded Mr.
Grosvenor, "I desire to say I believe
this war will be energetically waged,
both in a military sense and in the
manner necessary to carry it on, and
I believe the response to the call to
arms will be unanimous. There will
be no political divisions. The army
will come from Democrats and Popu"
lists as well as Republicans, and es
pecially do I believe the response to the
call will come from every Southerner
and the whole Union will share the
triumphant echo of loyalty." (Great ap
plause).
Mr. Dingley said in view of the fact
that the House had been sitting all
night and that the members were
weary he would move to adjourn. Ac
cordingly at 12:32 p. m. the House ad
journed.
BIG—
And small men alike are faced .at
times with troubles. The hope that there is
left sometimes seems small. But be sure
that there is HOPE. You may think not
But you are not a good judge. Do you want
some proof of this fact ? The act of show-
ing you how wrong you are is only done in
your own interest. You are weak. You are
nervous. You are afraid of your own
shadow. Will you be strong Will you be
full of vim and fire ? Will you be fit to meet
any man on earth in the street and look him
plainly in the eye ? You CAM if you will.
You must make one effort, though. Is it too
much trouble for you to ask what "HUD YAM"
has done for a few thousand people ? Is It
asking you too much to put out your hand to
save your own life ? There are times when
the case is hope/ess. But there never is a
time that a case is hopeless until it has been
treated with "HUD YAM." This is plain
truth. It is plain talk. It is meant only for
good, sensible, plain
— HffiN
The Hudson Medical Institute is at
the junction of Market, Stockton and
Ellis streets. Medical advice is free.
Testimony as to the immense amount
of good that "HTJDYAN" has done is
to be had for the asking. And any
other reasonable service is to be had.
If you have a suspicion that there is
blood taint in your system it won't
cost you anything to write for "30-
day blood cure" circulars. The cure
is sure. The cure is prompt.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
• ELLIS, STOCKTON AND MARKET STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
■ ~* 3 s^ 111 1-^-* HI II mmt *> fs?T'^Mil I ■'■~~ = / On *£*J
tuntinjHELIEBER KARL
THE WINNER
Tennessee Derby Cap
tured by the Schorrs'
Youngster.
Not Extended During Any Part
of the Mile and an
Eighth Race.
Is«oey Finishes In Second Place and
Goodriori Beats Wilson
for th© Show,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April 19.— The Ten
ness^ derby, at a mile and an eighth,
guarantee-.! value $S<HX). was won to-day
by John \V. Schorr & Son's Forester colt
Llebe.r Karl. The time was 1:57%. Isabey
finished second and Goodrich third.
The largest attendance in the history
of Montg imery Park was on hand to wit
ness the derby, fully 15.000 people being
present. The afternoon was an ideal one
for racing. The track was in first-class
condition.
Starter Chirm sent the field of four
away at the first effort. Lleber Karl Im
mediately raced to the front, closely fol
lowed by Goodrich and Isabey, and made ;
the running to the half, where Goodrich
gave it up to Isabey. The latter could
never get near the Schorr colt, however,
Lleber Karl making all the running and
winning easily by three lengths from Isa
bey, who was two lengths before Good
rich. The winner was never fully extend
ed during the race. The Schorr entry,
Lieber Karl and Wilson, was held at 3
to 6 In the betting.
Four furlongs. i-'.>x Chase won. Be True
second. The Kentucklan third. Time, :52.
Six furlongs. Algol won, Tom Collins
second, J. A. Grey third. Time, 1:16%.
Four furlongs. Cambrian won, Tobe
second. Pirate Judge Third. Time :51.
One and an eighth miles, Tennessee
derby— Lieber Karl, 122 (T. Burns), 7 to
10, won; Isabey, 122 (Knapp). 7 to 1 and 6
to 5, fiecond; Goodrich, 112 (W. Martin), 9
to 5. third. Time 1:57^. Wilson also ran. j
Four and a half furlongs, selling, Pearl |
Barnes won. Sea Lion second, The Geezer
third. Time, :."7.
Seven furlongs, selling. Linda won. Pro
tuß second. Domsie third. Time. 1:31.
Five furlongs, selling, Whirlaway won, ;
Denial second. Hester third. Time. 1:02%. |
WASHINGTON, April 19.— Results at |
Bennings:
Six furlongs— Nabob won, Tappan sec
ond. Handpress third. Time, 1:1b.
Congressional stakes two-year-olds,
four furlongs, purse $400 — Sir Kenneth
won. Clap Trap second, Rhodymenia :
third. Time. 0:61%.
One mile, selling— Don't Care won. Alar- |
urn second, Snapshot third. Time. 1:46.
Four and one-half furlongs, two-year
olds- Gold Fox won. Rusher second,
Boney Boy third. Time, 0:58.
Maryland hurdle handicap, mile and
quarters— Marshal] won. Lady Dain
tj second. Landsdale third. Time. 3:27.
CINCINNATI, April 19.— 1n the first
race at Newport to-day Carlsrona fell on
the backstetch and broke her neck. The
lockev. L. Scott, escaped without injury.
1n,, -mis also fell, carrying down Jockey
Campbell, and the boy was so badly
bruised that he was sent to a hospital.
Black Venus was the only successful fa
vorite. Track fast.
Five furlongs. Alabaster won, Annie
Taylor second, Albert L third. Time,
1:02.
Half mile. Black Venus won, Bannie
second, Beslque third. Time. :50.
Selling, one and a sixteenth miles.
Swordsman won, Pete Kitchen second.
Stanza third. Time, 1:50.
Soiling, four and a half furlongs. Ed
Tlpton won, Pat Garratt second, Garra
brant third. Time, :66>4. I
One and a sixteenth miles, selling. Pop
Plxon won, Ten Pins second, Kirk third. >
Time. 1.-T^. ' ■'"-— -
Selling, rive furlongs, Dave S won. Pur
ity second, Carlotta C third. Time 1:02.
*
MARATHON RACE DECIDED.
Four Men Beat the Record Made at
Athens Two Years Ago.
BOSTON. April 19.— Roy J. McDonald of
thf» Cambridge (Mass.) Athletic Associa
tion won the Boston Athletic Associa
tion's" Marathon ra.ce to-day, covering the
distance, twenty-five miles, in 2 hours and
40 minutes. H. Gray. St. George Athletic
Club. New York, was second, in 2 hours
and 45 minutes; R. A. McClennan, East
Boston Athletic Club, third, 2 hours and
4* minutes; J. A. McDermott, PastJme
Athletic Club, New York, fourth. 2
hours and f>4\ minutes.
Each of these four men beat the record
of 2 hours no minutes 20 seconds, for
twenty-five miles, made in the Olympic
games at Athens two years ago, as well
a.s the record for the course of to-day's
10. The race was started from
Ashland at 10:40 o'clock. There were
twenty-four men at the line when the
Blgnal was given.
Bostons Beat the Giants.
BOSTON. April 19.— The New Yorks
opened up viciously on Nichols to-day,
but the effort lasted only one inning. On
the other hand Doheney was pounded out
of the box. and the result was a walk
over for the home team. Attendance, 8000.
8C ° re: R. H. E.
R. H. E.
Breton 14 18 2
Net* York 2 4 3
Batteries— Nichols, Lewie and Ben?en; D, .
heney, Getty and Grady. Umpires— Snyder and
Curry.
ST. LOUIS, April 19.— N0 game to-day;
wet grounds.
PHILADELPHIA. April 19.— T0-day's
Brooklyn-Philadelphia game was post
poned on account of rain.
BALTIMORE, April 19.— The Baltimore-
Washington game was postponed on ac
count of wet grounds.
TWO VIRGINIAS TO
COMBINE FORCES.
Desire That Fitzhugh Lee Be Placed
in Command of Their
Volunteers.
CHARLESTON. W. Va., April 19.—
The following telpprams passed be
tween Governors Atkinson and Tyler
to-day:
CHARLESTON. TV. Va., April 19.—Gov
ernor J. Hose Tyler, Richmond, Va.: I
Buggp.st. if possible to accomplish It. that
the volunteers of the two Virginias be
consolidated Into a brigade and that we
ask the President to appoint Fitzhugh
Lee as brigade commander.
W. G. ATKINSON, Governor.
RICHMOND, va., April 19.— Hon. W. G.
Atkinson, Governor of West Virginia: The
Ee.ntlm«nts expressed in your telegram ap
preciated. Virginia would be glad to unite
nor forces with her sister State, and sure
ly non<" iv.'Ti- Buitable to command could
be found than Fitzhugh Lee.
J. HOGE * £ LER, Governor.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, April 19.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the.so nominations: Ed
ward Durham, Marshal for the western
district of Missouri; Henry G. Leiderlnk
of lowm. to 1,.- Secretary of the Legation
fit Santiago, Chile; Fred Butler, Receiver
ibUc Moneys, Leadvllle, Col • Ed
ward St-wart, to be Paymaster Grand
of the Hureuu of Supplies and Ac
counts ,1. the Navy; Major H._-nry Lippln
cott. Deput] S 'irroon-General with rank
of Lieutenant-Colonel.
Stabbed by Two Roughs.
SALINAS, April li.-James Jones, a
section hand on the Southern Pacific 'at
CastrovUle, during a brawl with Vcrvl
clno Cardianes and Steve Amesquita two
hard characters and ex-convicts ' last
night was dangerously cut and stabbed
In the face andlwdy. He was attempting
to escape from the men, who had assault
ed him in a saloon, but was followed to
the street. His assailants have been ar
rested and jailed.
GUS G ARSON. » Kearny street, near
Bush, sells "STANDARD" shirts. •
SATSUMA WAS
THERE AGAIN
Downed a Choice Bunch
in the Mile Run at
Ingleside.
Cabrillo a Close Up Third at
the Long Odds of
100 to 1.
Lady Ashley in Front at 4O to I—Fa
vorites Took Three Events
on the Card.
Satsuma, the Burns handicap winner,
came out at Ingleside yesterday for the
first time since his big victory and rolled
up another small bundle of coin for Dr.
Rowell. The chestnut horse won a most
peculiarly run race. It was the mile event
for four-year-olds and upward, and Sat
suma opened an 8 to 6 favorite. There
was no demand for him at all, the slick
ones getting aboard Corrlgan's Joe 111
man, sending him to the post a 3 to 2 fa
vorite, while the odds against Dr. Row
ell's horse lengthened out to 3 to 1. Cash
Sloan managed to get away from the
post poorly with Ullman and was never
in It. Newsgatherer was allowed to make
a snail's pace to the stretch, where
Shields leisurely took the lead with Sat
suma and won easily from Frank's horse
In the slow time of 1:42)4. "Pop" Weaver
on Cabrillo rode his horse to excellent
advantage, finishing a bang up third at
odds of 100 to 1. In the final race of the
day Rosormonde defeated a bunch of
selling platers at a mile, which was cov
ered in 1:42 flat.
Suiting the intermittent fashion at
Ingleside, the track yesterday was slow.
Favorites were successful in three in
stances.
H. L. Frank's colt Owyhee was made a
warm favorite for the two-year-old
scramble, and In a hard drive Piggott
managed to land him first a nose in front
of Gold Fin.
The Burns & Waterhouse entry, Odds
j on, a 7 to 10 favorite, was beaten a short
I head for the seven furlong run following
by Daisy F, the Corrigan entry. The lat
ter filly coming from the rar rear on en
tering the stretch, got up in time to win
In a hard drive.Charles Le Bel secured the
show.
Eighteen cheap selling platers lined up
in a five-furlong spin, third on the card.
The winner turned up in Lady Ashley,
a 40 to 1 shot ridden by Glover, which won
easily at the end from Amosa.
"Daggie" Smith annexed another purse
with his recent purchase, Paul Pry. The
chestnut horse was an S to 5 favorite for
the mile and a sixteenth seeling run, and
lin front most of the way, won with
pounds to spare from Metalre, an out
sider. Old Red Glenn finished third.
The final mile run went to Rosormonde,
the even money favorite. The aristocrat
ically bred mare kicked dust at her com
pany the entire route, crossing the wire
a length In advance of La Goleta, the
Baldwin entry.
♦ ,
TRACK NOTES.
The recently received stake books of the New
Louisville Jockey Club show a fine lot of en
tries, and the meeting, which opens on
Wednesday, May 4, should be a pronounced
success.
Captain Rees. the popular racing: official, who
formerly presided in the stand at Ingleside,
will arrive In the city to-day. His visit to
California Is purely one of pleasure.
The Australian hon>e. Crelghton. promises
to prove a very successful sire, Judging from
his crop of two-year-olds performing this year.
Canace has speed to burn and In yesterday's
scramble Abano at odds of 60 to 1, landed in
the show, after leading his field into the
stretch.
"Matt" Byrnes scored a moderate success
as starter the opening day of the Bennlngs
meeting. The first field at the post bothered
the ex-tralner considerably.
The chestnut horse, Paul Pry, proved a very
cheap investment for "Daggle" Smith. He has
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
DACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-Ingleside Track-145th day of the
1 Winter Meeting. Tuesday, April 19, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
QQzi FIRST RACE— Four furl ones; maiden two- year-olds ; purse, $350.
906 Owyhee 112|
801 Goldfln 117
908 Abano 11l
M 3 Ann Page 113.
512 Distance 114*
... Martello US'
814 f'hilmot Pass 114 i
895 Zai-rat'ißO 109
*'.<j Rey Hooker 114
922 Ocorona 108 1
I 4
<i
1
! s
i 9
:::
■--'■'■. ***■-:'. *
3 2
2 1
1 2
4 4
7 2
8 15
5 4
6 1
9
3 3
2 1
1 V 4
4 2
5 1
« 4
i 10
9
1 ns ]
24
3 1 !
4 24
& 3 !
6 2
7 3
8 25
9
I
IPIKKOtt
1 Woods
[Shields
Hennessy
G. Wilson....
2
5
20
20
4
20
3
4
10
I
8
50
25
8
15
6
8
30
Thorpe
Tuberville ...
Mclntyre
(Ruiz
Gouln
•Left. ••Coupled with Goldfin.
Time, :494. Winner. H. L. Frank's eh. c. by Iroquols-Toribera. Good start. Won first
three driving.
QOK SECOND RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
818 Daisy F 105.
909 Oddson 116!
913 Charles Le Bel 107]
913 ElFmore 110!
913 Mlstleton 112
907 Ablna 105
886 Prompto 110
. 7
! 6
i 3
2
4
1
7
4 2
5 3
2 4
6 1
1 4
3 h
7
2 h
4 h
1 1
6 h
3 1
6 14
7
2 1
3 h
1 4
64
4 h
5 4
2 4
1 2
3 4
4 4
6 1
6 4
1 h
2 24
3 v.
4 h
5 3
6 5
7
!
I
Clawson
Thorpe
PigKott
Miller
Freeman ....
Jenkins
4 3
■10 7-10
4 7
10 40
8 15
20 40
15 60
IBhlelds
Time. 1:28%.
three driving.
Winner, E. Corrlgan's eh. f. by Rlley-Modesty.
Good start.
Won first
926.
THIRD RACE— One mile; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $500.
(878) Satßuma, 6 l:
(890) Newßgatherer, 4 ...1(
820 Cabrlllo, 6 l:
(902) Grady. 5 1
(841) Joe TTllman. 4 1(
902 Flashlight, 6 l:
914 Buckwa, a 1(
2
I
1
7
I
5
4
4 1
1 1
3 14
7
5 h
6 24
2 14
3 2
1 14
4 h
6 2
6 h
7
2 14
2 4
1 2
6 1
5 14
4 h
7
3 4
1 4
2 1
8 4
4 24
3 h
7
6 2
1 14
2 n
8 h
4 2
5 2
6 1
7
rinieias
<'lawson
Weaver
8-5
5
40
30
2
8
4
3
6
100
60
3-2
20
4
,Cole
IC. Sloan
Hennessy
[ PI«?ROtt
Time, 1:42%. Winner, Dr. H. E. Rowell'i eh. h. by Macduff-Albertha. Fair start Won
easily.
QQ7 FOURTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index^ Homes. Weight. [St. »4m. 4m. \m. Str Fin. i Jockeys
862 Lady Ashley 117 S
241 Amasa 119 5
(894) Oahu '.17 4
717 Ping 122 1
710 Little T G 117 9
717 Master Mariner ....119 6
761 Rosa 117 7
710 Judge Napton 119 4
900 Ockturuck 119 10
894 Idomenus 118! 3
86S Ternary 12213
R26 Gotlelb 11911
»00 Sadie Schwartz ....117 15
(837) St. Philip 119 16
H56 Emma Rey 117J15
417 On Qua Nlta 117 16
525 Aprona 117!17
674 Brown Prince 118118
1 4
1 2
3 1
2 h
10 4
6 4
9 4
6 4
11 1
7 2
12
14
12
13
14
8 4
17
.„ 18
2142 l 4
3 4
4 1
6 1
8 4
9 1
6 4
10 1
7 2
11 2
13 1
14 3
12 1
16
15 4
17
IS
:::
1 14
2 4
3 1
4 4
5 1
6 2
7 3
8 1
9 4
10 2
11 3
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
>Tiover
Cole
Gnu in
Clayton
Hennessy
Tuberville ...
iG. Wilson....
Mclntyre
BhlsM.
Shields
Marklln
Plggott
Matthews
Stufflet
20
20
5-2
9-5
20
6
10
12 '
6
30
I
30
30
10
12
60
10
60
30
8
3
3
25
8
25
1
6
60
10
60
60
12
20
SO
12
100
[Freeman
lEnos
!;.,.,1,t«,.
Huokley
C. Sloan
Lew i
Time, 1:02%. Winner, H. F. Edwards & Co.'s b. t. by Patton-Sallie M.
Won easily.
Good start.
28.
FIFTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; four-year-olds and upward.
Index. Horses.
SJd.
Urn.
4m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
(908) Paul Pry. « 113:3 lh
90S Metalre, 5 105! 6 5 1
899 Red Glenn, a 110 1 64
919 lodestar, 4 10119 10
SrißS r iB Widow Jones. 4 99] 5 2 1
904 Coda, 6 10*1 4 8h
904 Treachery. 5 111! 2 4 h
827 Soniro. 4 10i| 7 7 h
908 Peter the Second, 6.111] 8 8 1
835 Tenacity. 5 105110 9J
2 2
3 4
6 h
10 .
1 hi
5 1
4 h
8 4
9 1
7 h
1 h
3 4 .
6 h
8 h
2 14
5 4
4 h
10
7 1
9 h
1 11.4
3 h
6 %
8 1
2 4
4 4
5 4
10
9 4
7 4
1 2
2 4
4 **':
5 h
3 h
6 h
7 h
8 1
9 10
10
1 2
2 4
I 3
4 2
5 h
6 h
7 h
85
9 10
10
I norpe
Narvaez .....
McDonald ...
Clawson ......
Woods ■ .... .. j
Wilson ?
Shields
Mclntyre ....
Freeman .....
7-6
30
5
5
12
10
8
30
10
10
8-5
20
4
4
15
30
7
100
30
12
IPiggott
Time, 1:494- Winner. E. F. Smithes eh. h. by Imp. Sir Modred-Gypsy. Good start Won
easily.
929.
SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
fci;2 Kosormonde. 3 95 3
403 La Goleta, 3 B6 6
791 Salvation, 6 115 9
703 Charlemagne, 4 ....109 7
910 Yule. 3 97 2
904 Claudius, a. ~ 1151 5
908 Rapido, 6 112! 1
... Fortuna. a 110)12
ESI Gold Dust. 6 112 4
BR9 Olivia, 6 110 10
736 Terra Archer, 5. ...112 8
526 Pasha, a 112,11
1 24
6*
11 5
3 h
2 114
8 4
10 1
7 4
4 h
9 1
12 •
6,4
1 14
34
5 2
4 1
2 4
10 h
11 4
6ii
7 h
8 14
12 ■
9 1
1 24
2 1
4 4
5 3
3 14
7 h
9 2
6 h
10 1
8 2
11 2
12
12
2 5
• 3 4
5 3
4 Vy-
7 h
8 2
Eh
9 1
10 2
11
: 12
1 1
26
3 1
4 2
5 1
6 3
7 4
8 2
9 4
10 2
11 a
12
"lawson
Woods
Hennessy
weaver
Frnwley
Plggott
Ruiz
Shields
'nirns
'caver
6-5 1
5 S
4 3
20 40
4 10
5 tf
20 60
10 fid
40 200
20 40
60 110
30 300
Enos
Mooney
Macklin
Time. 1:42. Winner, J. Nagleo Burke' ■ b. f. by imp. Ormonde-Imp. Fairy Roae. Good
start. Won first tbxee driving.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
taken two purses and on two occasions been
placed since running In the colors of the Oak
land stable.
Johnny Woods appeared to good advantage
In the Burns & Water-house colors. He put up
a good, crisp ride on the back of Gold Fin
In the opening dash, and rode an equally good
race on La Goleta In the last event.
Buckwa Is evidently not as good Just at
present as Trainer Bill Murry imagines. From
his showing yesterday, he would have cut a
sorry figure chasing Traverser In the Palace
Hotel stake run at Oakland on Saturday last,
even had he got away from the barrier In
front.
Metaire shows Improved form of late. The
gelding was extensively backed at a long price
and his friends cashed the place and show
tickets.
There is talk of recruiting a regiment from
among the vast number of touts at the track.
Thoy will furnish their own guns, smokeless
powder and lamps. If nerve Is necessary in
the make-up of a soldier, they will all return
with medals.
TO-DAY'S ENTRIES.
First Race— One mile: maiden three-year-olds.
894 Applejack 105 I 817 N'tlhau 100
884 Scintillate 100 817 Major Hooker. .los
782 Texarkana 105! 927 Brown Prince. .lo2
927 Rosa 100] 8«4 Hohenlohe 105
894 Joe Levy 102 1
Second Race — Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
SS7 Queen Nubia.. .loS 826 Tim Murphy ..108
919 Imp. Mistral 11.113 919 Break o' Day.. loß
( 31) Frank James ..110 (S93)Fly 113
826 Major Cook ...lftS 827 Torpedo 105
903 Don Gam 11l 923 Kaiser Ludwig..U3
(919) San Mateo 113 893 Alma 108
477 Little Singer ..k'3 897 Summertime ...106
72H I'leosanton 10b 841 Mlsa Lynah ....106
j ... Trappean 116 911 Lochness 113
899 Salisbury II ...111
Third Race — One and a quarter miles; hurdle
i handicap.
929 Gold Dust 156 803 Monita 188
539 Our Climate 1.">5 839 Tortoni 133
J 694 Gov. Budd Us 896 Geo. Palmer.. ..130
! SS9 Huntsman 140
Fourth Race— The Sohrelber Stakes; flve
; eighths of a mile; two-year-olds; value, $1000.
! 901 Ollnthus 123 924 Owyhee 118
853 Excursion 113 901 Moesbrae 118
901 Obsidian 113 877 San Ramon 113
922 Aeh US (91B)Rainler 115
Fifth Race — One mile; selling.
: (903)Morlnel 101 |<910)Thelma 104
I 599 Olive 104 923 Caspar 105
' ... Milbrae 109 811 Cromwell 109
j 904 San Marco 109
Sixth Race — One mile; allowances.
; r.52 Imp. Tripping.. .lo6 S7S Won't Dance ..110
: i9o9)Rublcon 115 914 Ostler Joa 120
! 909 Bernardino 108
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Major Hooker, Hohenlohe. Apple-
I jack.
! Second Race— San Mateo, Imp. Mistral, Sum
mertime.
I Third Race— Our Climate, Gold Dust, Gov.
| Budd.
Fourth Race — Excursion, Ollnthus. Mossbrae.
Fifth Race— Morlnel, San Marco, Thelma.
I Sixth Race — Won't Dance, Tripping, Rubicon.
IS NOT A PROFESSIONAL.
Brunton, Stanford's Sprinter, Beats
the Charge of Having Been
Paid.
Stanford athletics have been considera
bly torn up over charges of professional
ism brought against John Brunton, the
seriousness of wnich endangered the
chances of the crack sprinter being al
lowed to participate in the field day meet
next Saturday. The exclusion of Brunton
from entering the events would have ma
terially lessened Stanford's chances of
coming off victor at the meet, so when a
faculty investigation which lasted a week
exonerated Brunton from all the charges
there was universal rejoicing, but the ex
ultation was expressed in whispers, lest
Berkeley get wind of the affair and at
tempt to bar the sprinter from compet
ing in the events.
Brunton was called home by the illness
of his father the first of the month, and
when upon his return he presented him
self at the registrar's office to enroll as a
student he was informed that he would
have to answer charges preferred against
him before he could rep-ister. He ap
peared before a raculty committee and
found that the snecific charge was that
he had been paiu money to return to
school in order that he might be a con
testant at the Berkeley-Stanford meet.
Several rather stormy meetings of the
committee were held, and Brunton proved
that the accusation was unfounded.
While the name of the party who
brought the charges is not definitely
known, one of the professors prominently
Identified with athletics Is strongly sus
pected, and the feeling against him
among the students is very bitter. Brun
ton Is the captain of the track athletic
team and one of the star athletes of the
university. His election as captain and
his ability in athletics have caused con
siderable jealousy, and snlte work Is be
lieved to be at ...e bottom of the attempt
to cut short his career at the institution.
FRIENDLY TO
THIS COUNTRY
General Tone of the Com
ments of the Eng
lish Press.
The Times Marvels That Mr.
McKinley Still Hopes
for Peace.
Hop* Expressed by the Morning Post
That All Europe Will Not Ba
Involved.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 19.— The Times says
editorially this morning: "Delay on the
American side can now do no good. It
is better that what the resident has
to do should be done quickly. It is sur
prising news from our American cor
respondent that President McKlnley
alone In Washington, with the possible
exception of Archbishop Ireland, still
believes in the possibility of peace. A
peaceful solution would doubtless be
possible if both Governments were sin
cerely desirous to avoid war. Tt is
quite conceivable that in the long run
both will have reason to regret the de
cision at which both have arrived. We
regret the outcome on behalf of both
peoples."
The editorial concludes by noting
that "America's change of attitude
toward England and her appreciation
of British sympathy are exemplified in
Senator Lodge's proposal to pay the
Bering Sea award."
The Daily News says editorially: "In
full sympathy with America, we can
not help thinking that the resolutions
of the House were wiser than those of
the Senate. The jingoes have won the
day, but it is for no empty punctilio
that the United States is contending."
The Standard says: "We are per
suaded that it will be the general ver
dict of all impartial judges that in per
emptorily calling upon Spain to de
clare its purpose at once the American
Government is departing wrongly and
unwisely from principles hitherto re
spected in relations between civilized
nations. Unhappily this is not for the
first time.
"A certain deliherat contempt for
amenities of intercourse is apparent at
Washington. Brusquer les chocs might
be supposed to be the fundamental
maxim of the State Depa.rtrr.ont. Spain
should be allowed decent time to reply.
America ought not to forget the share
her own people have had in stlmulat
! ing and maintaining the rebellion in
i Cuba."
The Daily Chronicle says: "Our neu
trality should be of the most benevo
1 lent description toward America. We
ought to proclaim and regard it as a
barbarous and unfriendly act, liable to
instant reprisals, if either Spanish or
American goi.ds ;ire seized on a British
ship or a British cargo is seized on
board American or Spanish vessels.
Great Britain ou?ht also to declare her
intention to prevent privateering on the
part of any state."
The Morning Post says: "The differ
ences between tho two Governments re
duces itself to fighting over the sov
ereignty in Cuba. This is rather a fine
point to be made the occasion for war.
Peace is now to be interrupted for the
first time between the great civilized
nations of Christendom since IS7L It 's
to be hoped that it will not be a pre
lude to a new period of wars such as
The Morning Post believes that both
the United States and Spain will issue
letters of marque, and it agrees with
Lord Charles Beresford, rear admiral,
that England's most simple and nicrst
honorable plan would be "formally to [
denounce the declaration of Paris,
which we ought never to have signed." ■
TO EJECT SETTLERS
FROM TIDE LANDS.
SACRAMENTO, April 19.— Some time
since a communication was received by
Governor Budd from the District Attor
ney of Los Angeles County, setting forth
that certain parties— Rudolph Axman, T.
Leggett, J. C. Clemmens and others— had
squatted upon certain unwanted tide
lands of the State at San Pedro. 7n this
communication the Governor was request
ed to direct the Sheriff to cans.' the re
moval of the parties. After referring the
matter to the Attorney-General and that
official giving as his opinion that the re
quest of the District Attorney shall be
complied with, the Governor to-day is
sued a proclamation addressed to Sheriff
Burr of Los Angeles County directing him
to eject the intruders, and if resistance
was offered to call to his aid the whole
power of the county.
So it would appear that even before a
gun is fired in the coming conflict with
Spain there may be a mild outbreak of
warfare within the borders of our own
State.
POWERS ON THE EVE OF
TAKING A NEW STEP.
LONDON, April 20.— The Rome cor-
respondent of the Daily Mail says:
Italia, the org-an of the Foreign Office,
publishes to-night the fallowing: "The
powers are on the eve of taking a new
step, namely, requesting the United
States and Spain, In the event of war,
to localize the hostilities to Cuba and
the neighboring waters. This step will
be taken immediately after a declara
tion of war. Utter pessimism prevails
in diplomatic quarters here, the Vati
can alone being hopeful of peace. The
Pope is working energetically to be ac
cepted as arbitrator, but he admits that
Cuba has already morally ceased to
belong to Spain."
McLeod Loses a Match.
ST. PAUL, April 19.— Dan McLeod, the
■well-known wrestler, appeared in this
city to-night in a contest with M J.
Dwyer of St. Paul, and the latter won.
McLeod Is much heavier, weighing about
172 pounds to Dwyer's 154. and the terms
of the match were that McLeod was to
throw Dwyer three times within an hour
He gained the first fall after a hard tus
sel lasting 34V£ minutes, but was unable
to score another fall, so Dwyer was de
clared the winner.
Murderer Ebanks Must Hang.
LOS ANGELES, April 18.— W&* Supreme
Court decided to-day that George Ebanks
must hang for the murders he conTrtj'tteu
at the mussel beds In San D'ego County
over two years ago. He was sentenced
by Judge Torrance of San Diego County
to be hanged, but a stay of execution was
granted, and the case was taken to the
upreme Court on an appeal from the or
der denying a motion for a nev/ triul.
Congregationalists Meet.
SANTA ROSA, April 19.— The Sonoma
Association of Congregational Churches
is holding a two days' session here. Many
delegates are present. To-night Rev. Dr.
•Adams, pastor of the First Congregational
Church of San Francisco, addressed a
large congregation on the subject "The
Church's Real Work."
Convention for Santa Cruz.
SANTA ROSA, April 19.— The executive
committee of the Northwestern California
District Endeavorers met the local com
mittee this evening. It was decided to
hold the district convention in Santa
Roea on June 3, i, 5.
STATE MEDICAL
SOCIETY MEETS
Large Attendance at the
Annual Session at
Fresno.
Politics and Scientific Theses
Take Up the Time of
Delegates.
Lively Campaign in Progress for
th« Presidency of th«
Body.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FRESNO, April 19.— The twenty
eighth annual session of the California
State Medical Society was called to or
der at 11:15 by the president. Dr. Ceph
as L. Bard of Ventura. The meeting
is usually well attended, largely owing
to the fact that there is quite a fight
for the office of president in progress.
The morning was largely devoted to
politics, and, indeed, though the sci
entific papers are numerous and valu
able and call forth much interest, the
all-important question is "politics."
During the morning session Dr.
George F. Hanson of San Francisco
read a paper descriptive of some of the
California flora that were valuable or
could become aluable medicinally. It
was suggested by the chair that this
investigation might become valuable if
in the event of war or for any other
reason we should be cut off from the
outside world in procuring our drug
supply.
The afternoon session came to order
at the stroke of the gavel at 1:30, and
until 5 the discussion of papers upon
various medical questions was the or
der of the day. The first paper after
luncheon was upon the subject, "Sero-
Therapy," and was presented by
Dr. George L. Cole of Los Angeles. He
stated that he had address' d a circu
lar letter to 2f>o physicians in the State
asking their opinion of the serum treat
ment, particularly in diphtheria. Most
of the answers received indorsed the
treatment. The doctor also spoke of a
serum for the treatment of pneumo
nia, but gave no particulars.
Dr. Harry M. Sherman of San Fran
cisco reported the results of a new
method of treating congenital disloca
tion of the hip joint by operation. The
results were extrerrely gratifying in
most of the cases treated.
A curious condition of supernumerary
fingers and toes, descending through
three generations, was reported by Dr.
J. G. Dawson of St. Helena. There
were numerous children, but all the
children in each generation exhibited
the anomaly.
The evening session opened with a
discussion of tuberculosis, with the en
deavor of ascertaining a method of
preventing the spread of tuberculosis
by contagion. "Loryngeal Stenosis"
was the title of a paper by Dr. H. Bert
Ellis of Los Angeles, and was followed
by a paper by Dr. Kasper Pische on
"Stocker's Operation for the Cure of
Chronic Otorrhoea," which was dis
cussed by Drs. Philip King Brown and
J. Dennis Arnold.
Officers for the ensuing year will be
elected on Wednesday.
GEORGE PARSONS LATHROP
DIES AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 19.— George Parsons
I.athrop died to-day at Roosevelt Hospi
tal.
George Parsons Lathrop. author, was
born at Oahu. Hawaiian Islands, on Aug
ust 2ii. 18EL Ho was educated in New
York City and at Dresden, Germany; con
nected editorially with the Atlantic
Monthly in 1875-77, and with the Boston
Courier in 1877-79.
lie married a daughter of Nathaniel
Hawthorne, and published in 1876 "A
Study of Hawthorne," and in 1579 he td*ok
up his residence at The Wayside, Haw
thorne's old home in Concord, Mass. Of
late years he has lived in New York City
and at New London, Conn.
Among his publications are "Rose and
Roof tree," verse (1575); "Afterglow"
(1876), "An Echo of Passion" (ISS2), "Span
ish Vistas" (ISS3), "Gettysburg, a Battle
Ode" (ISSS). "Would You Kill Him?"
(1889), "Dreams and Days," verse (1892).
PETALUMA WOOLEN MILLS
DESTROYED BY FIRE.
PETALUMA, April 20.— The Petaluma
woolen mills were destroyed by fire at
midnight, entailing a loss of $35,000, al
most fully insured. Dannenbaum of San
Francisco was the principal owner. The
mills had been closed for some time ow
ing to partnership difficulties.
San Franciscans Sued.
SEATTLE, April 19.— Two damage suits
were filed to-day In the Superior Court.
One is for $10,298, brought by A. E. Good
win against the San Francisco Bridge
Company. It is for personal injuries sus
tained on November 30 while in the serv
ice of the company.
The other suit was brought by G. A. C.
Hutchinson against the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. He prays for $3120
as a recompense for personal property
lost in the wreck of the steamer Corona
last January-
Troy's Second Trial Begun.
PORT ANGELES, April 19.— The second
trial of ex-Auditor John W. Troy for era
hezzlement was begun to-day. The first
trial resulted in a disagreement of the
Hiry The present trial is on a new infor
mation charging that Troy failed to turn
over to the Treasurer $90 in fees collected
during his term from March, 1595, to Jan
uary. 1597.
Valley Road to Bakersfield.
BAKERSFIELD, April 19.— W. B.
Storey and Captain A. H. Payson cam© In
over the Valley road to make final ar
rangements to enter Bakersfield. At a
conference with the citizens' committee It
was decided to enter Bakorsfield with the
first train on May 27, which will be the
date of a celebration.
An Angry Father's Crime.
UKIAH, Cal., April 19.— Hugh Campbell
of Colusa County was shot and instantly
killed last evening by Constable J. B.
Smith of Arbuckle. Smith claims that his
daughter had been assaulted by the dead
man. Smith came over to arrest Camp
bell, and Campbell resisted and was
killed.
Evidence Was Lacking.
RANDSBURG, April 19.— Owing to the
prosecution's weak evidence all cases
against George Callendine, George Poph
ett and Oliver Lefever and wife, charged
with stealing ore and receiving stolen ore
huve been dismissed.
Racing on Epsom Downs.
LONDON, April 19.— At the first day's
racing of the Epsom spring meeting to
day Sir Scott's four-year-old bay colt, by
History, won the great metropojitan
stakes of 1000 sovereigns. Lord Elles
mere's Villiers was second, and the Prince
of Wales' Oakden third.
Guest of Menlo Park.
REDWOOD CITY, April 19.— Rev.
Thomas Sherman, son of the late General
Sherman, was at Menlo Park last night
as the guest of Hon. John T. Doyle.
Honored by San Luis' Council.
SAN LI'IS OBISPO, April 19.— William
Shipsey was elected president of the new
City Council to-night.
THE EMPORIUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*?<
4
There are a few hundred copies left of tlie New «
York Herald of April 15, 1865,. describing the }.
assassination of AJyrabam Lincoln, Lee's surren- ♦
der, etc., which we will mail to out-of-town folks *,
free on application — a most interesting souvenir. *
Send your name and address you wish us to *
mail you Emporium publications as soon as issued. +•
Now in press, "What Will Be Worn," a pro- J
fusely illustrated 60-page booklet, telling about t/ie J
new styles. " ' <#
*
Beginning This Morning Tl/T 1 /- I
Cotton Tennis Flannels * 2^|
The second great sale in the new BARGAIN SEC- $
TION. The choice of our entire line of Cotton Tennis *
Flannels, comprising nearly 20,000 yards of the best *
qualities made — the largest assortment ever shown in J
this city to make selection from — beginning mm | *
this (Wednesday) morning and until closing M ~C* *
time Saturday, if the quantity lasts Yard %
iff
7^c a yard is less than the wholesale price on many *>
of these Flannels. *
None will be sold to manufacturers or the trade. %
Bargain Section — opposite Book Department. V
Biggest and Best I Men's $131, $15 and X
Muslin Underwear $16 Suits for *
Bargains Are Here. $12.75. %
Don't miss the sale of the Burns To-morrow •— 5
Company stock. The assortments are / Th , , v v _,_ ,L \ *
still nearly complete. New, clean, 1 ' nursaaj we Qv^ £
handsomely trim- begin the sale of \'£ +
fmed, liberally cut, an assorted lot Jbs. *
perfectly made gar- of about 6oQ /tffisK *
rTgrprfis" 3l^ -en's good suits /l"^-?
are a few price —made of all- / / , . \\\ J
pointers: wool cheviots, / I , »[\l \f
Baby's 5c Bibs^ tweeds and lid j ' pi*
ChHdre'n's'Fian- i worsteds— best &'M^wX
nelette Skirts— i quality Italian If// XT ♦
all sizes 15c j cloth linings— XSL/ /// i
C xi! d x t^ s SOC i handmade but- T /]\ ?
Wash Dresses, j . . , ... n I +>
■' - i for ages 2, 3 lon "°' — suk -/' / ♦
' 1 and 4 years.. .2sc sewed — collars /'/ I <-
1 Ladies' Sanitary put on by hand. // % I ♦
/\ ■ Napkins, regu- They are cut \\ \\ *
V v larly 30c dozen. in the sack style f\ / \ *
\ "» \ t0r..... ,5c, 5c lin the sack style //( r / \\
i\ ) 0 Ladies' 50c Draw- I—3 or 4 buttons v, j I \\\ J
53, '•> J ers, hemstitch- I the most conve- W v^dl <«
*&* • 5d5 d °I f ffl br0 25c nient and COm " J
Ladies' 50c Skirts, 6-inch he'm.&Sc Portable shape for business. Aj
Ladies' sl.2s Skirts, 9-inch embroi- j merchant tailor could not turn<|
dery « 75c you out as good a suit for less
Ladies' 75c Gowns, 2 rows inser- than $« The styles are the*
tion ..~ s"c J ,■-1, '■- 1 ----- T l' . a
Ladies' $1 Gowns, Empire style or new ones for summer This is*
plain 60c a carefully considered honest*
Ladies' $1.25 Gowns, elaborated description of the goods without*
trimmed......... .75c in at on of values, and the price i
$2.50 Lawn Skirts, full cut, with ... .. - .-■-. r ■ S
wide 7-yard ruffle-you'll nerd whlle the y last *
some with your summer dresses. sl*lo <£»!'"& TfZ 4*
$1 Flannelette Gowns, for girls or volJr./3. *
boys 50c <*
Muslin Underwear Department— The Clothing Department— <M
Second Floor, near Elevator. Main Floor, Market-street entrance.
- .. . ... ............ -■.... ■ .- -" • -■■ t ,:<.
Grocery Specials Wrappers 69c. |
For ; Three Days. M p^SS^S^J
Beginning Thursday morning tV i^^^}*
and until closing time Saturday *~ec\^ mcd with braid, all ♦
night we will sell — if" ''f 1 sizes, regular price*
25 lbs Sal. Soda for 20c I V U y):\ day onlyV* * t0 " *
Evaporated Blackberries, regu- y^t-J 69c. «
larly 14c Ib, for ...... 10c /| M New Shirt Waists,?
Macaroni, Vermicelli, Spaghetti, 1/I^/ all styles and sizes, *
regularly 42c Ib, for 33c J \/yl 50c, 39c
Pearl Dust— the washing pow- A 1 /\\ Best heavy qua!- *
der that does not hurt the // j7 \ \ ity White Pique*
hands, regularly He package / / l^\ *S r^ Skirts, *
3 for : 3C [A \ \^< price $3.50, on sale
Loose Muscatel Raisins, regu- j v^3_— ==^ to-day at
larly 6c Ib, for... 3c $2.50. *
The Model Grocery Store— Cloak Dep't— . *
Main Floor, Jessie-street side. Second Floor, front " *
j ■ *
The Emporium I
and Golden Rule Bazaar
RECEIVED BY
PASTOR FILBEN
Visiting Methodists En
tertained at Santa
Cruz.
i
Pioneers of the Church Gather
for an Exchange of Remi
niscences.
Pleasant Feature of the Golden Jubi
lee Programme In the City by
the Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 19.— The Metho
dist golden Jubilee exercises were con
tinued this evening at the parsonage,
where Rev. Thomas Filben and wife
held a reception, assisted *y the ladies
of the church. Crowds of people called
during the evening and paid their re
spects to the reverend gentleman and
his wife and to visiting pastors. Ac-
quaintanceships were • renewed with
ministers who had occupied the Meth
odist pulpit here years ago, and many
events in the history of the local church
were recalled.
Mrs. Filben was assisted in receiving
the guests by Mesdames F. L. Heath,
W. H. Williamson, C. Lindsay, Misses
Etta Snedecor, E. May Grant and Mar
cia Hoi way. The reception committee
Included Mesdames C. M. Collins, C. D.
Hinkle, Walter Anthony, George Yale,
H. D. Smith, M. Small, Aliases Alice
THE EMPORIUM.
Garrett, Eva Roff, Lucy A very, Messrs.
Ellery Robertson, Howard Holway and
T. G. McCreary.
Refreshments were served during tlie
evening.
WILL KNOCK OUT
SPANISH PRIVATEERS.
NEW YORK, April 19.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Spain's
privateering plans will be knocked Into
a cocked hat if the efforts of the admin
istration are of avail. These efforts
will be directed toward securing from
the maritime powers of the world whose
ships carry American goods an an-
nouncement that their flags protect the
cargoes of the vessel over which they
fly.
Such an announcement would be in
line with the declaration of Paris of
1866, to which they are parties, that
"the neutral flag covers the enemies*
goods with the exception of contraband
of war," and that '"neutral goods with
exception of contraband of war are not
liable to capture under the enemies'
flags."
Simultaneously with this announce
ment it is expected by the officials that
the maritime powers will bring pres
sure to bear upon Spain which will
cause her to observe their declaration.
The determination of the. administra
tion to approach the powers on the
question has a precedent which was
established by Secretary Seward Im
mediately after the outbreak of the re
bellion in 1861. At that time Mr. Seward
telegraphed an identical instruction to
the Ministers of Russia, Austria, Bel
gium, Italy and Denmark, informing
them that the President of the United
States was disposed to enter into ne
gotiations for the accession of this
Government to the declaration of Paris.
On account of the existence of war be
tween the North and South, the powers
of Europe failed to enter into the nego
tiations suggested by this Government.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money If it falls to cur«. Mo.
The genuine has L. B. Q. oa aafib *» h 'tl
56
I
WEDNESDAY APRIL 20, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Ptopriator._ i
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE .....Market and Third Sts^ S. F
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) It
served by carriers In trjl* city and surround log towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL. .....One year, by mart. $1.50 !
OAKLAND OFFICE 906 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Butldlaft
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Repreeoatatlve.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rift** Been*
C C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE : Marqmtts BaUdtsft
C. GEORGE KROGNES3, Adrortisfci* Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9-.30 I clocK. 387 Hayes street, open until
9-.30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 930
. o'clock;. 615 Larkln street, open until 950 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9-.30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranger in New York :
Columbia— "Delmonlco's at 6 "
California— ltalian Opera, to-morrow nljrht'
Alcazar— Strange Adventures of Miss Brown,"
Morosco'B— "The Diamond Breaker."
•llvoll— "Sinbad the Sailor."
Tlvoli- -Concert Thursday afternoon,
Crpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush-street Theater— "7-JO-8," to-morrow night.
V. M. 0. A. Hall- "The Passion Play."
The Chutes- Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Hon."
Olympia— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Review and Drill, Monday night.
Sutro Baths— Swimming-.
El Caaipo— Music, dancing boatlngr, flshlngr, every Sunday,
Pacific Coast Jockey Cluo, Ingieside— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark-Thla day, April 20, Turkish Bugs, at 108
Grant avenue at - o'clock.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thls day, April 20. Furniture, a}
1018 rolsom street, at 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan A Doyle— Friday, April 22, Horses, at 220 Valencia
street, at 11 o'eloen.
By Yon Rhein & Co.— Thursday, April 23, Real Estate, at 636
Market street, at 12 o'clock.
ThJE SPIRIT OF PATRIOTISM.
AT least the prospect of war has demonstrated
that there is in this country- a spirit of ardent
patriotism. When the soldiers marched away
yesterday they moved between throngs of cheering
men, women and children. Flags were waved, flowers
strewn with lavish hand, tears came to the eyes, a
lump to the throat. These brave boys in blue repre
sent the honor of the land. They stand for national
dignity, for the pride of a great people. They are
going to face peril to show that the stars and stripes
shall be respected wherever unfurled, that American
citizenship is not an empty title, that American sailors
cannot be murdered and have none to avenge the
crime.
Since war seems inevitable, it is well to look upon
the brighter side of possibility. War may be brief and
almost bloodless. A great principle may be vindi
cated without the thundering of a single cannon. And
Whatever shall happen, be it a quick surrender of
Spain or a contest that sends hundreds of lives down
into the sea, the outcome must do much to unify the
cosmopolitan elements which go to make up the na
tion. To many now in active lite the Civil War is
not even a memory'- But it is given to all to know
that that conflict left scars so deep that only lately
has brotherhood been completely restored. Now one
who fought on the side of the South is in close touch
with the President, who was a good soldier, fighting
on the side of the North. Perhaps it needed a foreign
war to demonstrate that under the flag of this Union
there is one people, a common interest, a patriotism
which is shared alike by North, South, East and
West.
AN UNJUST DISCRIMINATION.
BY a compilation of statistics just issued by the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Association
there is shown ample evidence of the practice
by the railway companies of a most unjust discrimina
tion against the industries of California in favor of
Eastern interests. It is in the main a new statement
of an old issue, but has been made so strong and clear
that it ought to arouse not only attention but a suffi
cient energy to force some sort of redress for the
wrong.
It appears from the statistics given that freight rates
on goods shipped from California to the East are
much higher than rates on the same class of goods
shipped from the East to the West. This amounts to
a heavy handicap on the Californian. The Eastern
producer and manufacturer has him at great disad
vantage all along the line, and by reason of these
railway discriminations can undersell him in Western
markets where the merchants, manufacturers and pro
ducers of California ought to have an assured su
periority.
The extent of the discriminations varies with dif
ferent articles and runs anywhere from 10 to ioo per
cent in favor of the East. It applies to very nearly
everything produced in the State. Even on strictly
agricultural products like wheat, fruit and beans, the
eastbound freights are higher than those westbound.
The injury, therefore, affects the farmer as well as
the artisan and merchant. The burden is laid upon all
Californian industries with something like impartiality
and none are allowed to escape.
The traffic committee of the association very justly
6ays: "Our State stands well in the front rank of the
great producing States of the Union, not only as to
products of the soil, but as to manufactures, and it is
eminently unfair and unjust that we should not re
ceive the same consideration at the hands of the
transcontinental lines as is accorded the manufactur
ers and producers of the Eastern States."
The traffic committee proposes to seek a remedy for
the evil by a petition to the Transcontinental Freight
Bureau at its next meeting, which is to occur at MiN
waukee on May 10. To that end it asks the co-opera
tion of all manufacturers and producers on the coast.
This, of course, should be cordially given, for the
matter is of concern to all.
It is to be regretted, however, that our shippers
have to seek redress for such a wrong as this by pe
tition to the very men who have committed it and are
profiting by it. The subject should be within the
scope of the powers of the Interstate Commerce Com
mission. The righting of such a gross discrimination
as this should be by law as a matter of justice, and not
by favor as a concession to a humble petitioner.
If it is true that the Pocahontas Coal Company sold
coal to be utilized by the Spanish and kept American
ships waiting, then it was as nearly guilty of treason
as a soulless corporation could be under the circum
stances.
THE HOUR OF DECISION.
O FTER a week of constant and increasing ex
f\ citement, the Congress, in whose hands the
* war power is constitutionally located, has
reached a decision. That decision stands as the con-
I elusion of the people. In anti-administration circles
I it is hailed as a defeat of the President, but whatever
j reflections upon this fact are to be indulged are
I timely only now. and will be out of focus hereafter.
! The country has not failed to note the play of personal
i and party motives. General Lee stood with the Presi
1 dent. His popularity made him a formidable candi
! date for the seat in the Senate now held by Judge
Daniel. Therefore Daniel appeared as the Senatorial
! leader against the President and Lee. Mr. Bryan for
I the same reason of political ambition and the desire
| to scratch a rival in the Presidential race appeared
| at the head of his forces for the same purpose. They
have been partially successful, though defeated in
their desire to recognize the Junta. If the far event
prove that they have advanced their ambitions by
! weakening the hand of the United States and
; strengthening that of Spain, their responsibility will
; not be forgotten.
The President will direct the armies that are mov
ing forward to action and the fleets that will give
battle on the water. General Lee will lead a force to
the front. Bryan and Daniel will stay at home and
lead the army of criticism and detraction. The world
will judge between these four.
Senator Gray said wisely that the country needs
an armistice between political parties while it con
tends with a foreign enemy. In that spirit the sup
porters of the administration will hold up its hands
and give it backing.
Let it be remembered that in the fortunes of war
the final victor has often tasted the bitterness of de
feat in the primary steps. It may be sp now, and, if
so, the yellow jackets will swarm and sting the Presi
dent and his supporters. Therefore in the beginning
let it be understood that the President guides the
struggle as the military and civil chief of a nation.
The constitutional formalities having been fulfilled,
the sword is put in his hand, and where it flashes the
chief leads. His burden has been made heavier by
the ground chosen for him, but he will bear it and
not flinch. He comes of a race that fought barefooted
at Killicrankie, and swung its victorious claymore in
the shadow of the Trosachs.
Of course there is a chance that war may not follow,
but that chance rests only on Spain backing down.
War can hardly aggravate her existing miseries, how
ever, and as personal desperation leads to suicide, she
may in desperation accept war as the means of a
violent extinction of her national personality. If she
do this, while the war may be short, it may be des
perate. Prudence requires that our peopte at once
prepare for what accompanies war. Our advance upon
Cuba is at the beginning of the sickly season in the
tropics. Our Government has been hurried in pro
viding arms and munitions. The vital statistics of our
Civil War show that many more men died of sickness
in the hospitals than were killed in battle or suc
cumbed to wounds. The resources of our people will
be called upon for ministry unto the sick. The hos
pital corps must be recruited. Nurses, doctors and
medicines must be supplied. The Sanitary Commis
sion, to co-operate with the public autho-ities, should
be organized. Our people will find many avenues to
most useful and necessary activity. Reminders of the
war will be constantly with us, and familiarity with the
duties they impose upon us cannot be too soon ac
quired.
ANTI BRYfIN DEMOCRATS.
' — ' VER since Bryan rose out of the confusion at
Chicago into eminence as the Democratic can
•—A didate for President he has had strong, active
and determined enemies in the ranks of his party. The
Cleveland wing of Democracy broke away from him
at once and fought him with bitterness throughout
the campaign. Later on David Bennett Hill and a
faction that, like him, had remained neutral during
the Presidential election, returned to the field to work
against the possibility of Bryan's renomination, and
now a new set of foes appear. A combination of the
Democratic machines of New York, Chicago and Cin
cinnati has been formed to overthrow the free silver
champion and his platform, and, according to reports,
has already begun to work to that end.
In some respects the new combination is the most
dangerous antagonist that Bryan will have to face.
The Cleveland Democrats did their worst against him
in 1806, and can hardly have much influence with the
stalwarts in 1900 after their bolt of two years ago.
Hill, while an astute and tireless organizer, has hardly
any great following outside of New York. His plan
of subordinating the money question to a fight against
corporations and trusts is ingenious, but Bryan would
probably meet him more than half-way on that and
outbid at the convention. The combined machine,
however, is a really dangerous foe. It will probably
control the votes of New York, Illinois and Ohio,
and, with that force to work and trade with, can easily
influence so large a number of delegates from other
States as to come very near dominating the conven
tion of the party.
It is announced that a part of the plan of Tammany
is to put General Lee forward as a Presidential candi
date in opposition to Bryan, partly perhaps with the
expectation of nominating him, but mainly for the
purpose of capturing the Southern vote. The move
ment is based upon the assumption that the issue of
1900 will be one growing out of the Spanish crisis
rather than an economic question. With the country
aroused to an ardent patriotism by war, the people,
with a candidate like Lee before them, would cease
to pay any attention to Bryan's appeals to sectional
prejudices and class antagonisms, and his defeat be
fore the National Convention would be certain.
While the subject is one that primarily concerns
Democrats only and in some respects is a strictly fam
ily fight, it is none the less a matter of some import
ance to the country at large. There can be no ques
tion but what the capture of one of the great historic
parties of the country by the demagogues, class agi
tators, socialists and debt repudiators under the lead
of Bryan in ißq6 was a serious public evil. It in
juriously affected the credit of the nation and dis
turbed business and finance to an extent that entailed
heavy losses in all parts of the Union. The redemp
tion of Democracy from Bryanism is, therefore, a
matter to be greatly desired. One campaign of sec
tional and class politics is enough for this generation.
General Lee thinks that the Spanish can be
driven from Cuba in such a hurry that the soldiers
can be back in the United States before the annual
fever 1 shall set in. As fever is almost due now, the
general evidently believes that all the Spanish will ask
is time to lay down arms and run up a white flag.
While the police are showing symptoms of a de
sire to go to the war. there is an opportunity for four
of them to get away from a charge of cowardice.
Yellow fever is nothing after all when compared with
the ordeal of facing the Commissioners.
THE SAX FBANCISCOCALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
WOULD AMENDMENT BE EASY?
A MORNING contemporary which is engaged
in mapping out a charter campaign calculated
to fool the people declares that one of the best
features of the proposed instrument consists 'of the
ease with which it may be amended. "If any one is
dissatisfied with any provision of the charter," it
says, "all that he need do is to find IS per cent of the
voters to agree with him and the matter will be
brought before the people of the city for correction."
A section of the legislative article is quoted to show
that amendments may be framed and submitted at any
time, and it is stated that the Supervisors have no
discretion in the matter. They must set the machin
ery in motion when requested by fifteen per cent of
the voters.
This is all very well, but misleading. Like our con
temporary's argument with respect to the principle
of one-man power, it is calculated to pull the wool
over the eyes ofthe people.
The Mayor under the proposed charter will appoint
the Fire and Police Commissions, the Board
of Public Works, the Board of Health, the
Board of Education and the Election Commis
sion. Not only this, but he may remove at
will any commission or member of a board who does
not suit him. The charter places no restriction upon
his power of removal. The only requirement is that
he shall send to the Supervisors a letter giving his
reasons for any action that may be taken. The
power to appoint and remove at will make every ad
ministrative officer of the government the abject
slave of the Mayor.
Through the Fire Commission the Mayor could
control the club politics of the city. Four or five
hundred lusty firemen armed with hose wrenches and
fire axes could be relied upon to carry every primary
election and dominate every political convention.
Through the Police Commission, which is given
power to issue saloon licenses, the Mayor could
handle the "saloon vote" — the League of Freedom,
the Liquor Dealers' Association, the Grocerymen's
Union and their kindred organizations. This vote is
estimated by practical politicians to be of great value.
There are 3300 saloons in this city, each one of which
is good for five votes. This yields 15.000 ballots for
or against any proposition in which the saloons are
interested. Naturally the "saloon vote" would go for
a Mayor who fostered and cared for it. Through the
Board of Education the Mayor could control the
school teachers, through the Board of Health the
patronage of the almshouse and hospitals, through
the Board of Public Works the street contractors,
street railways and paving corporations, and through
the Election Commission he could count the votes
cast at all elections.
How vain to tell people that they may amend a
charter which contains an official invested with these
powers! True, the charter may be amended, but
never without the permission of the Mayor.
The application of the point we make may be un
derstood by a single illustration. Suppose Mayor
Phelan were elected to appoint all these commissions
and should soon after arbitrarily remove everybody
who did not obey Colonel Sullivan, Lawyer Murphy
and his other advisers. The people could then, of
course, petition to amend the section which confers
on him the power of removal. Would Mr. Phelan
permit any such amendment to pass? Would he not
regard the proposition as insulting, revolutionary,
personal, subversive of liberty and a direct blow at
reform politics? Of course he would, and he would
not be a man and a politician if he did not fight.
Could there be any question of the result were he to
swing against the amendment the 25,000 vote,s placed
in his hands by the charter? How silly, then, to talk
about the ease with which the charter may be
amended. It could never be amended without the
consent of the Mayor.
WHEN Congress has provided the legislation
necessary to raise the army and naval force?
of the country to an extent adequate to the
needs of the emergency, the next thing will be to ar
range for defraying the cost of the struggle. This
will be the more difficult task of the two, for while the
people are united on the issue of fighting, they are
seriously divided on every phase of the financial situa
tion.
It is in some respects unfortunate that the long
financial controversy must be settled under the pres
sure of the exigencies of war. It involves questions
of party 'politics and issues of home affairs on which
citizens disagree, with war measures, and that is al
ways to be deplored, for on all problems of foreign
war the people should know no such thing as party
divisions. It is still possible, however, that what
seems to be an evil may turn out to be a positive
good. The patriotism aroused by the war may be the
very thing needed to unite the people on the money
question, as the Civil War united them on the slavery
issue, and so bring about the right solution of its
problems with promptness and efficiency.
In a general way it may be said the United States is
in a good condition to sustain the financial burdens
of even a long conflict. The treasury is well supplied
with money for present needs. The importation of
gold has been notably large for months past, and
Europe still owes us considerable trade balances pay
able in gold, so that we need have no fear of a gold
stringency. The nation itself is rich and prosperous.
Abundant sources of revenue can be found to supply
the cost of the struggle, and there is no feeling of fear
even among the least sanguine of any serious crip
pling of our strength by reason of a lack of wealth
to maintain whatever force in the field the emergency
may call for.
The one issue of importance in the financial situa
tion, therefore, is that of deciding upon the kind of
money we shall use in fighting the war. We have had
one experience with greenbacks, and we are not
likely to try that again. It remains to be seen, how
ever, whether the silver men in the. Senate will co
operate with the administration in putting the war
finances of the nation on the soundest possible basis,
that of an unequivocal gold standard.
On that issue public sentiment should be aroused at
once. No toleration should be shown to men who
for party advantage would weaken the financial
strength of the country at this time. The best money
in the world is none too good to pay the soldiers
who go to the front to fight for the republic, and the
member of Congress who opposes the organization of
our war finances on that basis is not much better than
an open enemy of the nation and its heroes.
Suit has been begun against two straw bondsmen.
As neither has property to make good the bond, and
as the courts know this, the action must be regarded
as a form. Criminal procedure is the course the oc
casion seems to demand.
The trial of "General" Dugan of Christ's Army
was held behind closed doors. It is to be hoped that
the "general" will also be held behind doors simi
larly conditioned for the period of his natural life.
WAR FINANCIERING.
SPAIN'S CRIMES AGAINST AMERICA,
The Maine Affair Only One of a Long List Which Have
Not Been Avenged.
PART I.
The success of the revolution In
Texas In 1836, and the subsequent ad
mission of the acquired territory as a
State into the Union, engendered a
spirit of adventure, especially in the
Southern States, Texas and California,
that broke out in full force at the close
of the war with Mexico. On our coast
William Walker, the "gray-eyed man
of destiny," led filibustering expedi
tions, first into Lower California, and
afterward into Nicaragua, while Henry
A. Crabb invaded Mexico with his
party. Both met a similar fate. Walker
was captured and shot to death at
Trujillo and Crabb at Cavorca.
On the Atlantic side the island of
Cuba became an object of general inter
est, and so early as the commencement
of the term of President Taylor some
adventurous spirits, believing that its
annexation would be of advantage to
the United States, and that its In
habitants only awaited an opportunity
to throw off the Spanish yoke, prepared
to make an armed descent on the isl
and, but the President, in a proclama
tion issued August 11, 1849, cautioned
our citizens against violating the neu
trality laws by engaging in such an en
terprise. The warning was disregarded
and an armed expedition was secretly
organized, under General Narciso
Lopez, a native of Venezuela. At an
early age he had sympathized with the
independence of the South American
States, though he had served in the
army of the King of Spain, from which
he retired in 1822 with the rank of
colonel. He had lived in Cuba, and
when he landed in the United States in
1849, represented that the people of the
island were ripe for revolution, and
that glory and emoluments awaited
those who would go to their assistance.
The first expedition that he organized
sailed in 1850 in the little steamer
Creole and effected a landing at Car
denas on May 19. The place was easiiy
taken, but finding that the Cubans nor
any of the Spanish troops were dis
posed to join them, as had been repre
sented, it was deemed best to re
embark within twenty-four hours after
the landing*. In going out of the har
bor the Creole attempted to pass
through an unfrequented channel and
grounded. She lay there several hours,
and while in that position a Spanish
man-of-war came by and looked in,
but not seeing the Creole in the usual
channel or in the harbor, supposed that
she had gone out in the night, and im
mediately steered for Key West, natur
ally concluding that the Lopez com
pany would make for that port. The
Spanish war steamer reached Key
West first, and not finding the Creole,
left early the next morning. There are
two entrances to the harbor of Key
West — one called the southeast and the
other the southwest, an island lying
between them. The Spanish steamer,
fortunately for the Creole adventurers,
left Key West by the southeast chan
nel, and after rounding the point of the
island discovered the Creole making for
the harbor by the other channel under
a full head of steam. Then commenced
a race which involved the lives of sev
eral hundred men.
The Creole succeeded In reaching the
channel before the Spanish steamer
could brine her guns to bear, but she
followed her into the harbor and the
Creole would probably have been sunk
but for the presence of the United
States revenue cutter Marcy, which
happened to be at Key West. The Cre
ole was stopped by the health officer
and whiln lying to the war steamer
passed her with ports open, guns
shotted and the gunners ready with
the matches. But as she took her
position between the Creole and the
wharf the revenue cutter ran up the
American flag and placed herself so as
to protect the Liopez steamer,- and beat
to quarters. This demonstration un
doubtedly saved the filibusters. After
the health officer left her the Creole
made her way slowly to the wharf,
and in three minutes after she
touched every man that had been in
her was on shore.
On the 3d of August, 1851, Lopez
sailed from New Orleans with a party
of 4SO men in the steamer Pampero, de
spite all the precautions that had been
taken to prevent the departure of the
expedition. The party landed without
opposition on the night of the 11th at
Playtus, twenty leagues from Havana.
The main body of the force marched
to Las Pozas, an inland village, under
the command of Lopez, leaving about
100 men under Colonel William S. Crit
tenden in charge of the stores and un
necessary arms. As on the occasion
of the first expedition the expected up
rising of the Cuban people did not take
place. The day after the landing
Crittenden was attacked by the Span
ish troops — a force too strong for him —
and after a struggle withdrew from the
field, and finding that Lopez did not
come to his rescue, resolved to return
to the United States. They procured
their small boats and had just got to
sea when they were followed and cap
tured on the 15th by a Spanish war
steamer. They were taken to Havana,
summarily tried, and on the 17th Crit
tenden and fifty-two of his men were
shot. The main body was dispersed
on the 24th, and their leader, Lopez,
was executed on September 1. The
prisoners who were not shot were
transported to Spain and afterward
pardoned.
The news of the execution of the
fifty-two Americans created a most
profound sentiment of sympathy and
indignation in the United States, par
ticularly in the South and in Califor
nia. Large meetings were held in the
principal cities, at which inflammatory
speeches were made and hostile reso
lutions passed. In New Orleans the
public feeling against the Spaniards
ran so high that a very serious riot oc
curred, during which the Spanish Con
sul was obliged to seek safety in flight
and the office of the Spanish news
paper.'La Union, was destroyed. Large
contributions of money were made and
volunteers flocked to the seaboard from
the inland States. Some 8000 congre
gated at New Orleans, and about 4000
at New York. The feeling was in
tensified hy the publication of state
ments that the men had been shot
without a trial, and that gross indig
nities had been offered to their bodies.
These statements were afterward de
nied.
On the receipt of the news a call was
published in the San Francisco papers
for a public meeting to be held Septem
ber 24, 1851, at the California Exchange,
and at the appointed time there was
a large gathering. The object of the
meeting, as stated in the call, was for
an expression of sympathy for the Cu
bans, but on assembling there ap
peared to be no general understanding
and no plan for organization or pro
ceeding. General James M. Estell was
called to the chair, and a committee
consisting of General Thomas J. Green,
ex-Governor "Extra Billy" Smith of
Virginia and others was appointed to
draft resolutions expressive of the sense
of the meeting. Several speakers deliv
ered stirring addresses. As one of them
expressed himself, "The struggling Cu
bans have our best wishes, and they
can have our money, and they can
have our blood." Colonel White said:
"I am willing to do my share, either on
the rostrum or In the field. There is
no American — no man that has ever
put his foot on American soil— but will
cheerfully stand firm when liberty is
the cause. Spain has set her foot on
Cuba, Cuba, the child of Spain, has
borne It and has sent her treasures to
Spain. But it is not the treasure upon
which we are to calculate — it is the
liberty of the Cubans for which we are
to contend. Let the voice go forth
from here; let it not be said that Cali
fornia, which was acquired in a strug
gle for freedom, refuses to send a word
of sympathy to Cuba. I know many of
those who have lately been slaughtered
in Cuba. Why were they shot? Be
cause they had the noble spirit at
Americans to go and plant the banner
of freedom on the island of Cuba,"
At an adjourned meeting held on the
following evening there was an in
creased attendance. Generals Green
and Anderson, David C. Broderick and
others were chosen vice-presidents.
The committee on resolutions made its
report, then opened with this vigorous
preamble:
"Whereas, we have good reason to
believe that the people of the island of
Cuba are now struggling to vindicate
the rights of man, and establish for
themselves a government of their
choice, with a view to secure to them
selves and posterity the inalienable
rights of life and liberty, and the right
to pursue happiness and acquire prop
erty." Therefore, it was resolved
"That as citizens of the United
States, we deeply sympathize with
these struggling patriots, and sincerely
desire that they may successfully and
triumphantly establish a free and hap
py government.
"That we are bound by all the recol
lections of the past, by all the enjoy
ments of the present, and by all the
beaming, glorious hopes for the future,
to send a word of sympathy and en-
couragement to those engaged in a
deadly but holy struggle, and to en
courage the gallant and chivalrous of
our own and of every land to aid and
co-operate by personal exertions those
now engaged in Cuba in the existing
struggle."
The third resolution expressed sor
row and indignation at the barbarous
murder of Colonel William S. Critten- I
den and his gallant compatriots. The
matter was denounced as a cold-blood
ed murder, and perpetrated after a ,
pledge of safety had been made and i
given before the surrender. It was
characterized as "an act of perfidy that !
demanded the execration of every man- '
ly heart, and which cried aloud for !
vengeance — a vengeance that can only I
be assuaged in the blood of the dcs- \
pot minion who perpetrated the heart
less outrage." It was also resolved:
"That we regret to learn the active
efforts being made by our Government
to prevent our citizens from rushing to
the aid and assistance of the gallant
Cubans, and that we cannot admit, but
stoutly deny, the right on the part of
our Government to prevent any Amer
ican, armed or unarmed, from leaving
our shores for any purpose, especially
for the purpose of establishing free and
enlightened government.
"That as soon as the patriots of Cuba
shall establish a provisional govern
ment with sufficient assurance of its
stability, it will be tne duty of the
United States Government to treat
with it as with one of the nations of
the earth."
A committee of five was appointed to
receive voluntary contributions to en
able such as were disposed to render
the Cubans all assistance in their
power. The meeting adjourned with
three cheers for "Cuba, Liberty and
Lopez."
A meeting for a similar purpose was
held at Sacramento on the evening of
the 22d. It was called to order by
Captain Achilles L. Kewen, and or
ganized by electing General A. M. Winn
chairman, and Captain Kewen and Ma
jor Pierson B. Reading vice-presidents.
A committee on resolutions was chosen
consisting of Captain B. D. Fry. Ben
jamin F. Washington. Colonel E. J. C.
Kewen, Dr. John F. Morse, G. Kenyon
Fitch, Captain Joseph R. Beard and
others. At an adjourned meeting on
the 26th vigorous resolutions were re
ported and adopted.
President Fillmore reviewed the inci
dent in his annual messagp to Congress
and stated that the expedition had
been set on foot in palpable violation
of the laws of the nations. He gave
assurance that the Government would
spare no pains to procure the release
of the prisoners who had been sent to
Spain, but declared that it was his
purpose to rigidly enforce the laws
which prevented its citizens from in
terfering with the concerns of foreign
nations. He declared that no individ
uals had a right to hazard the business
of the country or to violate the laws
upon vague notions of altering or re
forming the governments of other
countries, and that every independent
nation must be able to defend its pos
sessions against unauthorized individ
uals banded together to attack them.
The Government of the United States
would rigidly adhere to and enforce its
policy of neutrality, which it was
among the first to proclaim and estab
lish.
The Spanish Government did not re
ceive the message of the President in
the spirit In which it was written. The
bold attacks of the Lopez parties had
alarmed the authorities of that nation
and the constant threats of vengeance
served to keep up the alarm. These
fears and the suspicions founded upon
them Induced the authorities of Spain
to commit various outrages which were
carried to such lengths that a senti
ment was created in the United States
that our Government was justified in
considering them gross national insults.
American steamers and merchant ships
were fired into and searched to satisfy
the auspicious Spaniards that they were
not transporting filibusters and arms
to again attack Cuba. So frequent
and flagrant had these outrages be
come that in 1554 there was a very gen
eral clamor fnr war with Spain. The
New York Herald advised an extra ses
sion of Congress, and declared that
the only hope of President Pierce was
to act with vigor. The National In
telligencer said that the crisis in the
Cuban question had arrived, while the
New York Tribune, whose editor al
ways had felt that the scheme to an
nex Cuba was but to augment the
power of the slave States, declared that
the Southern members of the Cabinet
had determined on a war with Spain.
WINPIELD J. DAVIS.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Clarence Cobb of Denver is at the Cali
fornia.
A. Krohllton of San Jose is at the Cali
fornia-
Judge John M. Fulweiler of Auburn is
at the Lick.
"William Thomas, a Suisun rancher, is
at the Grand.
Edgar H.Finsch of Germany is staying,
at the Palace.
Frank L. Coombs. State' Librarian, is a j
guest at the Grand.
L. A. Spitzer, Assessor of Santa Clara '
County, Is at the Grand.
Judge H. G. Breed of Santa Clara is ,
registered at the Palace.
Mark L. McDonald Jr., with his wife !
and sister, came down from his home in !
Santa Rosa last nipht to attend the Melba
opera season. He is registe^d at the
Occidental.
J. .E. Terry and wife of Sacramento aro
registered at the California.
AY. H. Bray, a prominent miner of
Austin, Nev., is at the Grand.
"William Michals, a well known banker
of Dutch Flat, is at the Grand.
B. 1... Muir. a well known citizen of San 4j
Diego, is registered at the Occidental.
Dr. R. Powers, a prominent citizen of
San Diecro, is registered at the Palace.
D. 11. Jackson, a mining man of Placer
ville, is one of the late arrivals at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Peri of Marysville
are two of yesterday's arrivals at the Oc
cidental.
George F. Ross of Chicago is staying
at the Occidental, with his wife and
daup .tor.
Baron and Baroness yon Schroder came
over from San Rafael yesterday and went
to the Palace.
Dr. B. B. Masten of Halfmoon Bay.
accompanied by his wife, is registered at
the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Colman arrived last
nipht fmm New York and took rooms at
the Occidental.
Dr. A. G. Rothers, a well known phy
sician of Salt Lake, and wife are regis
tered at the Lick.
A. \X. Super nf New York is a guest at
the Palace. He is accompanied by his
wife and daughter.
J. B. de Jarnatt, a large grain man of
Colusa, is one of those who registered at
the Grand yesterday.
S. T. Black. Superintendent of Public
Instruction, is down from Sacramento
and is staying at the Lick.
General H. C. Merriam, who will com
mand the Department of California dur
ing the absence of General Shafter at
New Orleans, arrived in town yesterday,
accompanied by his aid. Captain T. H.
Barry. They are staying at the Occiden
tal.
Three tars very
much the worse
for water front
steam beer and
Barbary Coast
whisky -were try
ing to come up
Merchant street
HOW HAWKINS c
HELPED c
THE TARS. C
the other night when they were sighted
by Coroner Hawkins. Hawkins watched
them for a few moments as they stag
gered in their endeavors to go ahead.
Finally the Coroner, overcome with pity'
began to cudgel his brain in the en
deavor to think how he could help them
out of their dilemma. At last he was
struck by a happy thought, which he at
once started to put into execution. Get
ting well in advance of the seamen and
looking to see that the coast was 'clear,
he turned around, and, taking off his
hat. swung it n round his head, saying,
"Three cheers for the Spanish navy and
perdition to all American sailors."
The effect was electrical. The three
tars stood for a moment as If paralyzed,
and then, with every evidence of intoxi
cation completely gone, started in wild
pursuit of the vanishing figure of the
Coroner, who had not' lingered after the
insult.
Up the street ran Hawkins and up the
street followed the enraged shellbacks,
uttering curses and threats of vengeance
and gaining at every step. Hawkins
made for the Coroner's office, and such
was the rapidity of the pursuit that he
had just time to get Inside and bar the
door when the tars arrived. They camp
ed on the street below, where in a few
minutes they were joined by about a
dozen of their shipmates, to whom they
explained the trouble and by whom they
were immediately joined in the siege. It
required nearly an hour for Hawkins to
explain, as he leaned out a second story
window, that he did not mean anything
by what he had said, and that his re
marks were prompted by charity. Hav
ing witnessed the unsuccessful efforts
of the original three to travel up the
street and noticing that they were under
the influence of liquor he, as a doctor,
saw that they needed a counter irritant,
and had administered one.
Cal. glace fruit uOc per 1b at Townsend's.'
» ♦ ■
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ » ■
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Probably love was given win s so he
wouldn't got killed riding on street cars.
Babies must be a lot heaunler than
they look or none of them would live.
After ;. girl has been kissed by four
difterent men, she begins to want to blon
dint her hair.
!t'i only in books that girls would die
of shame if the men they were in love
with suspected it.
Every woman ought to be wise enough
to make her husband think she believes
h>> was a terrible ilirt before he married
her.
The only quarrel the devil ever had with
his wiie was because she wouldn't coior
her hair.
It's a lucky girl whose mouth is big
enough to kiss and say "Don't:" at the
same time.
Probably nothing in the world ever
makes a girl feel more satisfied with her
self than to get a telegram when another
pirl is calling on her, read it. smile and
toss it carelessly on the table and then
begin to talk about something else.— Mew
York Prc^s.
"Mrs. WinsJow's Soothinft Syimp"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething wtth
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, rec
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy tor
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Dniggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado. $65; longer stay,
$2 SO per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery st..
S. F., or A. W. Bailey, mprr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado. Glenwood Spgs, Colo.
TWO CAN PLAY AT THAT GAME.
The Spaniards are making great calcu
lations of the injuries that arc to be in
flicted on our commerce by Spanish pri
vateers. These gentry will have to be
pretty careftu, more careful than Spanish
seaman generally are, or they will be
treated as pirates when they are cap
tured. Th.' regular naval officers will
also find the business of searching neu
tral ships pretty hazardous unless they
improve their methods and manners.—
Louisville Courier-Journal.
AEVERTISEMENTS.
THE IS. S. GOVERNMENT
REPORT SHOWS
Baking Powder
TO BE PURER AND
STRONGER THAN ANY
OTHERCLEVER PLAN TO
DEFEAT MAGUIRE
PASSED BY
THE STATE
COMMITTEE
Is Based on the Ratio
of County Repre
sentation,
Interior Counties Get;
More Delegates to
the Convention.
San Francisco's Apportionment
Cut Down by the New
Order.
FRANK H. GOULD AN ACTIVE AGENT
Much Speculation as to Who Is to
Benefit by the Democratic
Throat=Cutting.
The friends of Congressman Magulre
have j ju t awakened to the fact that
they have been made the victims of a
piece of political strategy that bids fair
to rob their standard-bearer of the
chance of realizing his ambition to se
cure the nomination for Governor on
the Democratic ticket.
Even this is not the worst of the sit
uation. These same friends unwitting
ly permitted themselves to be made
parties to their own undoing, a circum
stance that adds much bitterness to the
pill they will be forced to swallow.
It was at Saturday's meeting of the
Democratic State Central Committee
that the strategic move was executed. So
inoffensive did it appear on the surface
and so quietly and naturally was it un
folded before the unseeing eyes of the
astute politicians against whom its hid
den shaft was directed that not one dis
senting voice was raised against it. It
was presented in the form of the fol
lowing resolution offered by Frank H.
Gould?
Resolved, That the basis of repre
sentation in the next Democratic
State Convention be fixed at one for
each county and one for each 200
votes or major fraction thereof cast
for William J. Bryan at the last
general election.
The resolution was adopted without
a dissenting vote, no apparent signifi
cant. D,.jncr attached to the fact that
Gould is himself a prospective candi
date- f..r the position at tli" head of the
State ticket Sinr^ Saturday, however,
a great light has flooded the minds of
the good Democrats, who have de
] themselves to be for Maguire
first, last and all the time. It has been
borne in upon them that there was a
very definite purpose in the mind of the
framer of the resolution when he fixed
the basis of representation on the vote
for Bryan instead of the vote for Budd.
Even the kindrruartf-n politicians
know that Bryan's vote in the State
outside of Ban Francisco was mu^h
lareer than that received by Budd.
They also know that Budd received
more votes in this city than did the de
feated candidate for President. It is
also well known that Maguire is very
popular in Pan Francisco and that this
popularity does not extend to oth^r
portions of the Ptato, because, among
other things, of the statesman's views
on the single tax question. All of
these things were considered by the
framer of the resolution introduced by
Mr. fjnuld. By means of the new ba
sis of county representation the voting
Ftrength of the convention is increased
by 171 vctes over what it would have
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Every Drop
Wieuid's Extra Pale
PUT UP BY US IS
Carbonized, Sterilized and Bottled
From Cold Storage.
CALIFORNIA BOTTLING CO.,
SOLE BOTTLERS , .
Wieland's Pop-ular
BREW.
Big Pops, Medium Pops & Little Pops,
Quarts. Pints. Half Pints.
1407-ITEddySt.
Phone West 1-4.^4..
We are the sole authorized bottlers
for the John Wieland Brewery in the
City and County of San Francisco Any
poison or firm selling beer purporting
to be Ts inland's, which is not bottled by
us. is committing fraud and liable to
criminal prosecution. Information
which will lead to the arrest and con-
viction of any such party will be. liber-
ally rewarded by us. j
bf>«»n had the vote cast for Budd been
taken as the basis of representation.
All of these votes are accredited to
counties outside of San Francisco
where Maguire has the least strength.
In this city, where Maguire has the
strongest following, the convention del
egation, under the proposed apportion
ment, will number seven less than it
would if the Budd vote had been taken
as the basis of representation. A few
illustrations will serve to show the
workings of the scheme brought into
existence by those Democrats who
would like to see Maguire out of the
gubernatorial race.
In Alameda County 6758 votes were
enst for Budd and 8394 for Bryan. This
being bo, Alameda County will have 43
votes in the convention, where it would
have had but 35 if the Budd vote had i
been taken as a basis of representation, j
In Los Angeles County Budd received i
7619 votes and Bryan 16.040. The coun- j
ty will now be entitled to eighty-one
seats in the convention where it would ;
have had but thirty-nine. San Diego '
will have twenty-one delegates instead
<>f ten. Sacramento will have twenty
five instead of seventeen. Fresno will
have twenty instead of 13. Santa Clara j
will have twenty-seven instead of
twenty-three. San Francisco cast 32,069
votes for Budd and 30,649 for Bryan. '
The city will therefore be entitled to
134 delegates instead of 161.
While the friends of Congressman ;
Maguire admit that they have permit- j
ted. themselves to be outgeneraled, j
they are entirely in the dark as to the
identity of the lucky politician who is :
slated as the prospective recipient of j
the increased representation in the in
terior counties. They all agree that
Gould is practically out of the running,
and profess to believe that he was se
lected merely as the vehicle for the un
loading of the scheme on the unsuspect- I
ing State Committee. In a recent con- j
venation with the writer Mr. Gould de- '
dared his intention to keep out of the !
fight for the nomination, giving as his
reason the fact that he could not af
ford, in a financial sense, to engage in
a contest where the chances of success
were extremely problematical. He
added, however, that should such a
condition arise where a majority of the
convention demanded that he accept
the nomination at their hands, he
would probably not refuse.
Some of the political guessers profess
to see in the situation an attempt to
promote the candidacy of H. M. La
Rue, the present Railroad Commission
er from Sacramento County. His
gubernatorial aspirations are well
known, and It might be that with Ma
guire out of the way he would be able
to hold his own with Lieutenant-Gov
ernor Jeter, State Senator Seawell,
Mayor Phelan or any of the others who
are at present considered to be on the
list of possibilities. The forecasters are
also considering the possibility of Gov
ernor Budd being a candidate for re
election, in spite of all assertions to the ;
contrary. They point to the fact that
Gould is at present an office-holder un
der the State by reason of t 1 favor of
the Governor, a fact that might b< con
sidered as a reason wh;- Gould would
not lend himself to any scheme that did
not meet with the approval of his pa
tron. On the other hand, it is not for
gotten that the reconciliation between
the Governor and Gould is only a com
paratively recent occurrence. Revenge
is sweet, and after all is said and done,
politicians are but human.
Following will be found a list of
counties showing the number of dele
gates that would have been accredited
t«r each if the Budd vote had been
taken as the basis of apportionment,
and also the number of delegates that
will be accredited to each under the
Bryan apportionment:
Counties.
11l
Counties.
w
Aiamoaa
Alpine (
Amador
Butte
Calaveras
Colusa
Contra Costa ...
Del Nnrte I
El Dorado
Fresno |
GlPnn
Hum bold
Inyo ../
Kern
Kings
Lake
lessen I
Los Angeles ....
Mnrtera
M.irln
Marlposa
Mendoclno I
Merced [
Modoc I
Mono
Monterey
Napa
Nevada
Orange
Placer
35* 43irium~as
11 1 Riverside
7j 8 Sacramento
9 12 San Benito j
7 8 San Bernardino.
7 8 San Dlpro |
7, 8 San Francisco. ...
3, 3 San Joaquln
6 9 San Luis Obispo
13 20 San Mateo
4 4 Santa Barbara..
8 13 Santa Clara
2! 4 Santa Cruz
8 10 Shasta
4' 5 Sierra
4! 6 Sisklyou
3 4 Solano
39 SI Sonoma
5 6 Stanislaus
5! 5 Butter
3 6 Tehama '
i 12 Trinity
4 7 Tulare
3 4 Tunlumne
2! 8 Ventura
8 ! 12 Yolo
5 ! S Tuba
5 13
6 10 Totals
8! 10 „
6 a
17 25
5 6
5 15
10 21
161,154
19 19
6 11
6 6
7 11
23 27
7 11
T 11
I 4
7 10
12 12
15 19
8 8
5 5
6 7
3 4
10 14
7 8
« 8
9 10
6 6
ROYAL ARCH MASONS.
Officers of the Grand Body Elected
for the Ensuing Year — The
D-gree Exemplified.
The Grand Chapter of Royal Arch
Masons of the State of California
met yesterday in annual session in
the Masonic Temple, Grand High Priest
W. Frank Pierce presiding.
There was a full representation of the
grand officers, past grands and represen
tatives.
The report of the grand high priest,
grand secretary and finance committee
were presented and referred to appro
priate committees. That occupied the
morning session, and an adjournment was
taken until half-past 1 o'clock in the af
ternoon. At that time the following
named were elected grand officers for the
ejisuing year:
Eli Tucker Blackmr-r of San Dle K o
grand high priest: Florin Leslie Jones of
l\tsartcna deputy prand high priest;
Bduard Richard Hedges of Stockton
grand king; .Samurl Hopkins Wagner
grand scribe; I-ranklin 11. Day of San
Francisco, grand treasurer; and Thomas
Hubbard Caswell, grand secretary. These
officers and the appointed officers' will 'be
Installed 'his morning:.
Later in the afternoon there was an ex
emplification before the grand body of the
Royal Arch degree by Grand Lecturer
Thomas Hubbard Caswell, after which
the grand body adjourned until this morn-
Ing.
Special Notice.
To those troubled with itching scalp
dandruff and falling hair, cut this out
ai:d mall to Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal
who will send free sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade, which is for Bale by
all druggists. •
False Imprisonment Alleged.
Yonetaro Tkutnnto commenced suit yeßter-
Ony aeatnrt G. T. Marsh to recover $10,000
damages for alleged false imprisonment. He
alleges that the defendant unwaxrantedly hai
hi:n arrested and detained for eighteen hours.
J. J. O'BRIEN & CO., Murphy Bldg.,
Mkt. & Jones, sell "STANDARD" shirts'
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
TWO CLASHES
OF AUTHORITY
Dr. Rosenau and Captain
McGregor of the Venus
at Outs.
Dr. Jordan and Custom-House
Officer Shepman Have a
War of Words.
Arrival of the Penelope With Gold
Hunters En Route, for Kotzebue
Sound.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Newport arrived from Panama and way
ports yesterday with eleven cabin and
twelve steerage passengers and $118,193 in
treasure. Dr. Jordan, who was acting as
United States quarantine officer, and
Boarding Officer Shepman had a passage
at-arms. As soon as he boarded the
steamer the quarantine officer said to
Shepman: "By whose authority are you
BOUND FOR THE KLONDIKE.
The little schooner-steamer Florence got away for St. Michael yesterday. When she arrives at the mouth of the
Yukon her false keel will be taken off and she will be turned into a stern wheel steamer. The gold hunters aboard her
will dredge all the sandbars from the mouth of the river to Dawson in search of the precious metal.
here?" "The pame authority that sent
you out here," answered the custom-house
officer. "We arc both acting in the in
terests of the United States; at lenst I
know I am." Jordan glared at. Shepman
for a moment and then snapped: "1 shall
make a note of my disapprobation of you
and your six officers being aboard tiiis
vessel before the quarantine officer." "All
right," answered the boarding master,
"and while you are about it just note j our
disapprobation of the fact that the im-
migration commissioner and his deputy
came aboard before you did." It would
appear as though the Federal Quarantine
officer could not live out of hot water. It
is not so long ago that he was at daggers
drawn with tin' State quarantine officer.
Captain McGregor of t lie British tramp
steamer Venus, now in Quarantine, is not
only at outs with the quarantine officer,
but also with the customs Inspectors.
There are six of the latter on board, and
they have to take forecastle fare and eat
with the sailors. Captain McGregor holds
that Dr. Rosenau noted In a high-handed
manner In sending him into quarantine
and refuses to allow his men to go ashore
to he fumigated. In consequence the
quarantine officer refuses to grant the
vessel pratique. During the voyage of the
Venus from Hongkong Chief Engineer
P. Harvey was taken sick with smallpox
and landed at Nagasaki. No fresh cases
having appeared during the voyage l>r.
Hill, the acting State quarantine officer,
passed the vessel, but Dr. Rosenau or
dered her Into quarantine. Captain Mc-
Gregor refuses to be fumigated, the cus
toms officers are making his life misera
ble by searching his rabin every half
hour In the day, the officers are swearing
because their rooms are turned topsy
turvy for the same reason. Dr. Rosenau
insists on the fumigating and the Occi
dental and Oriental Steamship Company
is insisting upon getting Its freight, and
all in all the Venus is more like Bedlam
than a staid British tramp steamer.
The schooner Florence got away for the
Klondike yesterday and passed the
schooner Penelope, bound for Kotzebue
Sound, on her way in here to fit out.
The latter vessel is twelve days out from
San Pedro and will have new masts put
in. She has on board twenty-one gold
hunters, all shareholders In the I -one
Beach Mining and Trading Company,
whoso ultimate destination is the Kubuck
River. Captain Loch of the Penelope
says he can have the new spars put in
and make some other necessary repairs
and still beat the Florence to Alaska.
The Florence is a Queer combination.
She has a false keel, which will be re
moved ai3 soon as the vessel reaches St.
Michael, and she will then be turned
into a stern wheel steamer for use on tho
Yukon. She has a dredging plant on board
and all tho bars from the mouth of the
river to Dawson will be prospected.
There is also an. electric light plant on the
Florence, and any of the small mining
camps at which she may tie up will be
supplied with Incandescent lights.
The British bark Inveramsy was to
have sailed yesterday for Kngland with
a load of wheat, but her anchors were
fouled and it was not until late In the
afternoon that they could bo raised.
AVhen the tug Reliance did finally get them
up It was found that a stray anchor and
lift y fathoms of Chain were attached to
them. The stray mud hook was landed
ami the Inveramsy will go to sea to-day.
The yacht Regina broke away from her
moorings yesterday and went ashore at
Belvedere. She was got off at high water
and was found to be only slightly dam
aged.
The California Navigation Company ap
plied to the Harbor Commissioners yes
terday for the use of the old Sausalito
ferry slip and also the old chief wharfin
ger's orhce when both are vacated. The
slip is to be used by the Ban Joaquin
Valley road when the new 20-knot steam
er Hugh J. Corcoran in completed, and
the wharfinger's oflice will be used as a
freight and ticket office by the same com
pany. The Commissioners granted the
Navigation Company's request.
Chief AVharfipger Root had a tilt with
the executive officer of the sloop-of-war
Marlon yesterday. The five-masted
schooner Louis was docking at Howard
ftreet wharf and there was not enough
room for her unless the Marlon moved
hack a little. This the boys of the naval
battalion refused to do, and the clash fol
lowed. The matter Is now In the hands
of the Harbor Commissioners.
Owing to the d<May In the arrival of the '
steamship Campania in New York the
mails for dispatch by the steamship Ala
meda will not reach San Francisco until |
to-morrow, and in consequence the sail- j
ing of the Alameda has been postponed
until 2 p. m. of that day. ]
MUST PAY A
HEAVY FINE
The Cooks of the Klam
ath Lumber Company
Mulcted.
Judge Morrow Taxes Them
More Than One Thousand
Dollars for Contempt.
An Order of Court Must Be Obeyed
Even if the Order Is Declared
to Be Erroneous.
The Conks, the father and two sons,
who constitute the guiding spirits of the
Klamath River Lumber and Improvement
Company, learned from the lips of United
States Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday
that it is a serious thing to disobey an or
der of court, even by the advice of an at
torney.
That part of the lesson which appeals to
them with most force is the imposition of
j fines and costs aggregating more than
1 $1000. Some months ago the Cooks, John
X.. the father, and \Y. K. and John S.
Cook, his sons, leased to Hervey Lindley
of L'is Angeles and a syndicate represent
ed by him the saw mill, logging railroad
and other property of the Klamath River
Lumber and Improvement Company,
with a three years' option for the pur
chase Of the same. Q("li<- Cooks were in
debt, and for that reason aa well as for
the fact that the lumber market was very
weak, owing 1 to low prices, the advent of
Mr. Lindley and his company, the Poke
gama Sugar Pine Lumber Company, was
halhd as a blessing. But after the Poke
gama people had expended about |7&,O00 in
making various necessary improvements,
ami after the price of lumber rose in the
market, certain parties from the East of
fered to buy the property from the Cooks.
This was the beginning of friction be
tween the Cooks and Mr. Lindley, and af
faira were brought to a climax by the
Cooks, who reto.»k forcible possession of
the mill and the railway with a gang of
armed men. After an ineffectual appeal
to the Superior Court of Slskiyou County
til'- Pokegama Company appealed to the
United Si;:t''s Circuit Court in this city.
Judge Morrow issued a restraining order
prohibiting the Cooks from interfering
with the Pokegama people in operating
the works and otherwise enjoying the
property under the lease. The Cooks re
sisted the process of the court, having
been advised to that action by H. B. (Jii
lis, one of the attorneys fur the Klamath
people, who gave the opinion that the re
straining order did not require the Cooks
to give up possession. Thereupon the
Cooks and a score of employes were ar
rested for contempt.
Yesterday morning Judge Morrow deliv
ered an oral decision in the contempt
cast. There were present E. S. Pilsbury,
uttorney for the Pokegama Company, and
Judge 9. C. Denson, Fred Stratton and 11.
B. 61111s for the Klamath Company.
Judge MorTOW began by saying that he
had already announced the opinion enter
tained by him with regard to the restrain
ing order. In his opinion that order was
proper, and the only question before the
court was whether the order has been
violated. The order was a lawful one and
disobedience to it was contempt. If tne
court had ever had any doubt in this case
it would be relieved from that doubt by
the proceedings that had taken place in
a similar case entitled The People of the
State of New York against John Lyman
King. King was a political boss, and when
the injunction was served upon him he
said to the officers, "Injunctions don't go
hero See?" Judge Barnard cited King
for contempt, and it was urged very
Btrongly that the court had no authority
to issue the injunction and that the order
was erroneous. The court in that case
Indicated that the Injunctive order was j
erroneous, but the court very pointedly
and clearly pointed out thiit the court had
the power to issue an injunction, and it
therefore devolved upon the parties to
obey it An appeal was taken to the Su
preme Court, and the Supreme Court sus
tained the decision of the lower court that
even if the order was erroneous it was
not void and should be obeyed.
"I think the violation has been gross,"
• continued Judge Morrow, "and under ordi-
I nary circumstances the punishment
would be severe. I shall, however, take |
into consideration the fact that there were
proceedings la the State court which had
decided that the respondents were not in
contempt in taking possession of the
nronertv I shall also take in considera
tion the fact that when (after March 29)
the respondents were advised by their
counsel to comply with the order, they
showed no disposition to disobey the re
straining order.
"I desire it to be distinctly understood
that the punishment which I am about
to inflict is no criterion of what I would
inflict in other cases, or if there should
bo any further contempt in this matter. I
The punishment will be inflicted not only i
for the purpose of warning those parties,
bttt all other parties having dealings with :
courts not to be guilty of this offense."
The court then fined J. R. Cook, W. E.
Cook John S. Cook, H. B. Gillis, George
W Marsh. George Norris, J. McEnemey
and C Stock $50 each, together with costs,
with the alternative of thirty days' im
prisonment. The remaining employes
■were fined their pro rata of the costs,
the whole amount of costs being $700. W.
Baxter was discharged and Attorney
Topscott was let off on the ground that
he was the junior member of the law firm
which gave the disastrous advice to the
Cooks to take possession of the property
in defiance of the restraining order and
was therefore not responsible.
WAS THERE
COLLUSION ?
City May Have Lost Val
uable Land by Negli
gence or Design.
Twenty Thousand Dollars in
Property Involved in
a Lawsuit.
There May Be a Sensational Investi
gation of the Matter by
the Board.
It may not be many days before the
Board of Supervisors will be in the midst
of a sensational Investigation. The fuse
that may lead to the expected explosion
was lighted yesterday oy the judiciary
committee of the board, when it adopted
the following report to be submitted to
the Supervisors on Monday next:
In the communication of the City and County
Attorney of April 11, 1898, in reference to Mis
sion Creek and Channel street land this officer
reports that prior to the rendition of the Judg
ment in favor of the city and county in the
case of the city and county of San Francisco
vs. John Center et al., ' "the city lost a part
of said lands in the case of James W. Good
win vs. Joseph Sheerer and the city and county
of San Francisco.
"In this case the plaintiff, Goodwin, obtained
a judgment against the defendants which di
vested the city of all title to the land described
in the complaint in that action. This case was
tried in the Superior Court by one of my pre
decessors In office and an appeal therein was
taken to the Supreme Court by me after I be
came City and County Attorney.
"After the most elaborate arguments the
Supreme Court affirmed the judgment of th°
Superior Court on the ground that the city
had shown no title to the land in the trial
before the Superior Court, saying that however
good the title of the city might have heen ?he
had failed to put it in evidence on the trial
in the Superior Court and must take the con
sequences of that failure."
This recital naturally occasions some surprise
and the reasons for the singular action in not
putting the title of the city and county to the
property in evidence in the suit before the
Superior Court demand investigation as to
whether the same anise from negligence or
design or both. There must be some remedy
for actions of this charat-ter which result in
loss of property to the city and rounty.
Your committee, therefore, respectfully 10
port? in favor of re'iuesting the (Mty and Coun
ty Attorney to forward to the board as soon
as practicable a full detailed statement of nil
the procepdlnps had in this litigation, who
rej.rrsented the parties to the suit, before
which department of the superior Court the
case was tried and decided and all other mat
ters which will enable the board to determine
what other or further action can be taken to
assert the city's title to this property and to
set aside this apparently collusive determina
tion ot the litigation.
The land here referred to as having
been lost to the city "from negligence or
dtsign, or both," is bounded by Brannan,
Ninth, New Channel streets and Potrero
avenue, and is valued at about $20,000.
The case was tried before Judge Troutt
and judgment was rendered on December
30, ISH2. On behalf of the city the records
show that the case was conducted by
John 11. Durst, then City Attorney, and
E. B. Williams, Assistant City Attorney.
The attorneys for plaintiff were Horace
W. I'hilbrook, GeorT?.' T. Wricht and the
plaintiff. Whin City Attorney Creswell
took office, a. few days after the judgment
was rendered, he appealed the case to the
Supreme Court, but despite the most
earnest and persistent efforts made by
him he failed to secure a new trial, owing
to the fatal error committed in the first
Instance of not putting in evidence to
prove the title of the city.
There is now only one way by which
the case can be reopened, and that is by
showing fraud in the proceedings hail
before the Superior Covm.
At the time the case was decided there
was considerable talk of collusion, but
nothing of a tangible nature was ever
brought to light. It is possible, that when
the matter comes before the Board of
Supervisors on the report of the Judiciary
Committee, an investigation may be or
dered of the whole affair in the hope that
something may be developed that will
go to show collusion. Should this be the
case. City Attorney Creswell will in all
probability be ordered to have the case
reopened. Mr. Creswell declared yester
day that if he could secure a new trial of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Druggist and
Doctor Commission
Combine rob the peo=
pie of San Francisco
Of thousands of dollars
every year. The druggist pays the
doctor commissions on prescrip-
tions and overcharges to get even.
You pay the bill. Aren't you tired
of it?
Ozomulsion 75 O
Swamp Root, small, 40c, large 80c
Plnkham's Compound 65 O
Paine's Compound .......60c
Warner'B K. and L. cure 85c
NO -PERCENTAGE DRUG CO,,
94W51 MARKET STREET,
Bet. Fifth and Sixth.
WE GIVE TRADING STAMPS.
DT3TTOUI7O FOR barbers, bak
nn UkJIUjU ers - bootblacks, bath-
Wllw **r*.M.M* ** houses. billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, ' printers, painters, shoe factor!**
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta
r; :.:.. BUCHANAN BROS..
i Brush Manufacturers.6o9 Sacramento St
the case he Is certain he would secure the
property in question for the city.
READY FOR THE CONFERENCE.
Preparations for the Epworth League
Convention Completed— Visitors
to Be Entertained.
A trreat deal of energy Is being dis
played by the different committees which
have the management of the Epworth
League conference to be held in this city
on April 21, 22. 23 and 24.
Monday evening they met in Howard
street M. E. Church and reported every
thing in readiness for the Important occa
sion. As the expenses of the four-day
convention are to be derived Horn the
sacred concert to be h:!d on Thursday
evening, every effort la bems: made to
make It a success. Quite ji number of
tickets have taen disposed of and the
large chorus of 250 voices is being re
hearsed dally. The programme to he
rendered was published exclusively in
The Call of last week.
It is expected that many hundred visitors
from the different parts of the State will
attend the conference, and plans for en
tertaining them are being consummated.
The Market-street Railroad has arranged
a popular concert to be given in t.7«>lden
Gate Park on Saturday next *n honor of
their visit. A trip through Chinatown is
on the programme, as also one to tho
top of Mount Tamalpais.
Sudden Death.
August Elchhorn died suddenly yesterday at
his room at 636 Clay street and the body was
taken to the Morgue. He had been sick for
some time, and death was due to natural
causes.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
NEW MEDICAL DISCOVERY,
A Positive Cure for Dyspepsia.
This may read as though we were
putting it a little strong because it is
generally thought by the majority of
people that Dyspepsia in its chronic
form is incurable, or practically so.
But we have long since shown that
Dyspepsia is curable, nor is it such a
difficult matter as it first appears.
The trouble with Dyspeptics is that
they are continually dieting, starving
themselves, or going to opposite ex-
tremes or else deluging the already
overburdened stomach with "bitters,"
"after dinner pills," etc., which invaria-
bly increase the difficulty even if in
some cases they do give a slight tem-
porary relief. Such treatment of the
stomach simply makes matters worse.
What the stomach wants is a rest.
Now how can the stomach become
rested, recuperated and at the same
time the body nourished and sustained?
This is the great secret and this is
also the secret of the uniform success
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. This
is a comparatively new remedy, but its
success and popularity leave no doubt
as to its merits.
The tablets will digest the food any-
way, regardless of condition of stom-
ach.
The sufferer from dyspepsia, accord-
ing to directions, is to eat an abund-
ance of good, wholesome food and use
the tablets before and after each meal
and the result will be that the food
will be digested no matter how bad
your dyspepsia may be, because as be-
fore stated, the tablets will digest the
food even if the stomach is wholly
inactive. To illustrate our meaning
plainly, if you take 1800 grains of meat,
eggs or ordinary food and place it in a
temperature of 9S degrees, and put with
it one of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets j
it will digest the meat or eggs almost
as perfectly as if the meat was en- '
closed within the stomach.
The stomach may be ever so weak
yet these tablets will perform the work I
of digestion and the body and brain '
will be properly nourished and at the
same time a radical, lasting cure of
dyspepsia will be made, because the
much abused stomach will be given, to
some extent, a much needed rest. Your
druggist will tell you that of the many
remedies advertised to cure dyspepsia
none of them has given so complete
and general satisfaction as Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets and not least in im»
portance in these hard times is the fact
that they are also the cheapest and
give the most good for the least
money.
A little book on cause and cure of
stomach trouble sent free by address-
ing Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
FORMATION
—OP —
DEMOCRATIC GLOBS
THE Democratic voters will assemble in the
several Assembly Districts THIS (WED-
NESDAY) EVENING at 8 clock for club
organization and nomination for members of
the General Committee in the following places:
28th 1 District— Drews Hall. 121 New Montgomery
ft. 29th District— Metropolitan Hall (lower),
Cth and Jessie sts. 30th District— lOOS Howard
st. 31st District— Hall, Howard st.,
between 9th and 10th. 32d District— NE.. corner
Bran nan and 3d sts. 33d District— Mannerbund
Hall, cor. 24th and Potrero aye., South San
Francisco. 34th District— Mission Turner Hall,
18th st., 'between Valencia and Guerrero. 35th
District— 24th and Mission sts. 36th District-
Rolando Hall, 28th and Church sts. 37th Dis-
trict— Mov.ry's Hall. Lacuna and Grove sts.
33th District— Powers Hall, Pierce and Turk
fls. 39th District— Hall, 814 Geary st.
40lh District— Franklin Hall, Bush and Fill-
Mere sts. 41st District— corner of Filbert
and Hyde sts.. 42d District— Hall. 310
O'Farrell st. 43d District— Apollo Hall, 810 Pa-
cific street. 44th — Washington Square
Hall, Stockton and Union sts. iMi District-
Garibaldi Hall, 330 Broadway.
P. J. HARNEY,
Chairman General Committee .Democratic
Party.
J. F. McGOVERN, Secretary.
AMUSEMENTS.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
! (Ingleslde Track.)
Racing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
' First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R. R. TRAINS, 12:45 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after the
races. '.'ffij'i
Kearny-street and Mission-street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore-Btreet cars transfer each way.
S ? :-£.i S. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
WALLACE WANTS TO FIGHT,
And This Untamable Lion Has a
BIG FIGHT WITH CAPT. CARDONO
• Every Afternoon and Evening, at the
CHUTES.
10c to All. including Zoo, etc.; Children, sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
EL CAMPOS
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now ■ open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c; Children, loc; Including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tlburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10.
2 • and 4 p. . m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:16 a. m., 1, 3 and 5 p. m.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO. HALL. ,
Return Engagement. Evenings of , April 28
and 27, Matinees April tS and 30. LITTLE PA-
LOMA SCHRAMM. This dainty little 9-year-
old girl possesses a heaven-sent gift of genius
unparalleled •in the musical world. Sale of
seats begins Monday . morning at 9 o'clock.
Prices, 50c and $1. Children, 25c.
THE' CITY IS DELIGHTED WITH THE
Cinematographic Life-Moving Enactment of
THE PASSION F»L.M"V
Every Afternoon and Evening at 3:16 and 8:30.
at the T. M. C. A, Auditorium. Admission, 25c.
Children. 18c.
j ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLEARANCE SALE
-OF—
2nd-Hand
BICYCLES!
ALL MAKES!
ALL SIZES!
ALL PRICES!
FROM $10,00 UP
Send for descriptive list.
Wheels sent by express on approval.
LEAVITT & BILL
303 LARKIN STREET,
cor. McAllister, s. f.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Second and Last Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY, f ■
HOYT'S LATEST LAUGH LAUNCHER.
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
Last Time Next bunday
EXTRA— Monday, April 25.
First Production In America.
The Nautical Farcical Comedy.
The PURSER.
Presented by FERRIS HARTMAN
and a Strong Company.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK.
Seats Ready To-morrow.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
» ____ »
'- ■■• The Fascinating
MARIE JANSEN
Presenting the Comedy Success
"DELMONICO'S AT 6!"
A Happy Blending of Mirth and Melody.
Nothing But Fun.
Next Week— "THE NANCY HANKS."
Coming— ROßEßT MANTELL.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST 2 NIGHTS. Grand Opera In Italian!
Messrs. Damrosch and Ellis announce the first
appearance of the renowned prlma donna, Mine.
MELBA
Supported by the Damrosch-Ellis Grand Opera
Co. and the orchestra of the New York
Symphony Society.
Thursday, "The Barber of Seville;" Saturday.
"Lucia." Prices. $7. $6. $5. *4, J3. $2.
Next Sunday— "TRILBY."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
I Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
, Grand Reproduction of Scott Marble's Me-
chanical Drama,
THE DIAMOND BREAKER
REALISTIC EFFECTS OF PONDEROUS
MINE MACHINERY.
The Diamond Breaker at Work.
Thrilling Escape From Death.
Great Scene in the Interior of an Insane
Asylum.
| Strong Cast. Clever Comedy. New Scenlo
Effects.
—MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY—
Evening Prices 10c. 25c. 500
MATINEE TO-DAY. WED., APRIL 20.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, Hie. any part. *
SECOND AND LAST WEEK OF
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS, closing
Saturday Night, April 23: HELEN MORA. Re-
nowned Barytone; McINTYKE & HEATH,
i Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS & WAL-
KER, The Real Colored Boys; CHARLES R.
SWEET, The Piano Tramp: THORNE &
: CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
i ETTE. Fantastic Mimic; AJAX, the Flexible
; Marvel.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
"BAY CITY WHEELMEN" NIGHT.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR!
"THE BAY CITY" MARCH.
The Bicyclist's Dream.
Reception to a Favorite.
LOTS OF NOVELTIES.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
SAN FRANCISCO SYMPHONY SOCIETY,
FRITZ SCHEEL...... ..MUSICAL DIRECTOR.
ELEVENTH CONCERT. .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE!
TO-MORROW. THURSDAY AFTERNOON.
April 21, 1898, at 3:15 o'clock.
PROGRAMME.
Overture, "Hans Helling " Marschner
Symphony No. 4 F. Zech Jr.
Suite, Peer Gynt Orelg
Rhapsodic No. 1 Liszt
Reserved seats, 75c, $1 and $1 60. Box office
at the Tlvoll Opera House.
ALCAZAR. M »
LAST SIX PERFORMANCES OF
THE STRANGE
ADVENTURES
OF MISS BROWN
OX'"- A COMICAL FARCE.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
'. Monday Night, Special Engagement of L. R.
i STOCKWELL In "THE GAY PARISIAN."
SUTRO__BATHS.
SUNDAY, APRIL 24. OSS.
Opening of the Swimming Season.
Open Nights Thereafter.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME— Commencing at
i 2:30 p. m.
General Admission, 10c; Children, sc.
Bathing, Including Admission— Adults, 25c;
Children, 20c.
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
FRIDAY EVENING, April 22. 1898.
REVIEW AND DRILL.
FIRST REGIMENT OF INFANTRY.
National Guard of California.
Gun drill by Naval Battalion, Signal Corps.
Sanitary Corps. Concert by Keglmental Band.
Bridge Building. Attack and Repulse. A
mimic war and exhibition of practical soldier-
ing. Over ICOO participants'. -'• --. .
Admission 25c; Reserved Seats, BOc, at Sher-
man & Clay's.
MARIA KIP ORPHANAGE.
"7-20-8!"
Augustin Daly' charming comedy, by tot
' HISTRIONIC SOCIETY or Trinity School.
BUSH STREET THEATER
THURSDAY EVENING. APRIL 21.
Saturday Matinee April 23.
Tickets He; Reserved Seats. Be extra. At
' Sherman, Clay : & Co.'s, April 19 to 23.
HI V JVI DT A I Cornm of Mtso* and
ULimnAj Edd/ SumU
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
THE MARTELLES. Trick Bicyclists. Start-
] ling Exhibition of Skill and Acrobats: MAN-
I DOLA, Master, of Equipoise; CHAVLIER,
Trick Violinist: Wonderful Exhibition of Bal-
ancing and a Long List of Great Attraction*.
I House Heated. Admission Free.
78
CONSPIRED TO
KILL NEVILLS
Sensational Story Told in
a Court at Fresno
City.
Thomas Nolan Claims He Was
Offered a Fortune to
Take Life.
Swear* That Foreman Azhderian
Tried to Have Him Murder
His Employer.
SpeclaJ Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, April 19.— The trial of the
battery ca.se brought by M. H. Azh
derian against Thomas Dolan came up
before Recorder Clark to-day and the
alleged conspiracy to kill Captain Nev
ills, the wealthy vineyardist, was
brought out. At the session held to
night Dolan disclosed the whole plot.
On the Bth of the present month
Thomas Dolan, who was employed on
t'aptain Nevills' La Favorita vineyard
when M. 1 Azhderian was foreman
there, met Azhderian at the Grand
Central Hotel and they had a collision
and exchanged warm words. It aDDeaxs
that there was considerable bitterness
between the two, growing out of an al
leged effort to assassinate Captain Nev
ills. It is claimed by Dolan and his
friends that Azhderian and Mrs. Elsie
"Williams had entered into a conspiracy
to have Captain Nevills assassinated
while his wife was away in China.
Azhderian was foreman for Nevills and
Mrs. Williams was his housekeeper. It
is claimed that they wanted Dolan to
do the killing by arousing Nevills' al
ways too-high temper and killing him
if he made for Dolan.
W. D. Grady appeared for Azhderlan
and Judge *Stanton Carter fur Dolan.
He is also Captain Nevills' attorney.
Frank 11. Short and Judge Church, at
torneys in the Azhderian- Xevills cases,
were on hand to help Grady, and, prob
ably, to keep a startling story from
coming out.
Charles C. Toung was called and
sworn. He lives at the Grand Central
Hotel, where he is night clerk. M. H.
Azhderian and Thomas Dulan were at
the hotel on the Bth instant. Azh
derian, he said, came in ahead and
went into the office, closing the door.
Dolan came up to guard the entrance
and called Azhderian vile names. Azh
derian went to a telephone and called
an officer. Dolan dared Azhderian to
come outside. Dolan said: ,
"You coward. You have been threat
ening to kill me; now come out here
and do it."
The witness heard Dolan say: "You
wanted to kill me, Nevills, and be
cause I didn't do it you wanted to kill
me; now come and do it. you !"
R. P. Russell was the next witness.
He said that when Dolan was arrested
Dolan said, speaking to Azhderian:
"I'll get even with you yet."
Henry Russell, a policeman, was
sworn, and said that D<Man had talked
to him previous to the occurenoe. Do
lan wanted to knuw if Russell had seen
Azhderian. He said he was going to
have trouble that night; that he would
meet Azhderian at 11:30 o'clock at the
Grand Central, and he would strike
him. Thought he would be arrested;
said maybe I'd better —
Mr. Carter asked the witness if Dolan
ha-d not told him that Azhderian had
offered him (10,000 to kill Captain Ne
vills. Russell said he did not remember
any such statement. He could not def
initely remember that Dolan had told
him that Azhderian had sent for him
and wanted to kill him because he re
fused to kill Captain Nevills. There
was some such conversation, but it was
vague.
The most sensational testimony was
brought out at the evening Besslon. ML
H. Azhderian, the first witneses, was
asked If he had not sent word to
Dolan that he wanted him. He an
swered that he had not.
"Is it not a fact that Dolan accused
you of attempting to kill Captain Nev
ills?"
The witness did not remember. He
was asked if he had not proposed to
Dolan that Dolan go into court and
deny that there was any attempt to kill
Nevills. An objection to this question
was sustained.
"Did you have a quarrel with Dolan,
accusing him of going to San Francisco
to tell Captain Nevills of the attempt
to kill him?" was asked.
"No." was the reply.
"Did you follow him to San Francisco
to prevent him seeing Nevills?"
"No."
"Did you ever tell Dolan you would
have killed him if he told Nevills?"
This was objected to.
"Did you ever make the statement
that you would blackmail Captain Nev
ills out of $50,000 or get into the pen
within a year?"
"No."
Dolan took the stand and testified in
substance as follows:
"I quit work for Captain Nevills on
July 9, because my life was in danger.
Azhderiaß made me an offer to kill
Captain Nevills, offering me $15,000 for
the job. Azhderian said: 'Miss Loose
Miss Williams and I will be there and
the assassination will take place be
hind the house. I will tell the captain
that you ar^ not doing your work and
are stealing tools. He will then come
back of the house and jump on you
and then you can kill him.'
"He said I would be arrested but that
they would clear me. Miss Williams
was to run up stairs and get the cap
tain's pistol and place it at his side
after he had been killed. Azhderian
promised to pay me from the crop In
the vineyard, which was worth $25 000
He said he : ,d the papers already!
Azhderian said the money would en
able me to go away or go into busi
ness."
The witness said he came to town and
told the story to Coon Crutcher, dej-u.v
constable. Afterward he went out to
the vineyard and heard Mrs. Williams
ask whether Azhderian thought he (the
witness) had nerve enough to kill the
captain. Azhderian said if Dolan would
not do it they would.
An adjournment was then taken until
to-morrow !
BANQUET FOR CONVICTS.
Tollers on the Marin Boulevard Par-
take of a Priest's Charity.
SAN RAFAEL, April 19.— Thirty-five
convicts employed on the boulevard in
process of construction between here and
Tiburon received a message of good cheer
to-day in the shape of a substantial re
past, tendered by Rev. Father Lagan,
whose charitable work in lightening
the burdens of those . who have deviat
ed from the path of rectitude has won
for him die admiration of the community.
At noon Father Lagan, accompanied by
Prison Director Wilkins, Judge Angellotti,
County Clerk Bonneau, District Attorney
Martlnelli and County Treasurer Fallon,
went down to where the men were work
ing, the viands being transported In an
express wagon. There were no stereo
typed methods of giving and receiving.
"Eat ami enjoy yourselves, boys," said
Father Lagan, and the "boys" fell to and
did Justice to everything In si^rht without
wore ado.
OREGON CITIES
MENACED BY A
DREAD EPIDEMIC
Two Deaths From Cerebro=
Spinal Meningitis Reported
From Ilwaco.
ASTORIA, Or., April 19.— There was much excitement In this city
to-day when it was learned that there were three or four cases of cere
bro-spinal menir-'tis In Ilwaco, directly across the river from here.
Telegram after telegram was sent for information, and the Health Offi
cer of this city endeavored to learn the facts with a view of estab
lishing a quarantine if necessary. The authorities at Ilwaco at first re
fused to disclose any of the facts, evidently fearing the ill effect it
would have on the reputation of their town. To-night Dr. Redmond.
United States army, stationed at Fort Canby, near Ilwaco, telegraphs
as follows:
"Two cases of cerebro-spinal meningitis of the fulminate form
have occurred in Ilwaco in the past two days in the practice of Dr.
Gosnell. The first case was that of Ralph Finley, occurring Sunday
morning and ending fatally in twenty-four hours. The second case
was that of Leslie Mesrenger, occurring Monday afternoon and termin
ating in death in eighteen hours. A third case is now under observa
tion at Ocean Park, but the symptoms of the latter case are as yet
mild. All were young men from 18 to 21 years of age and 'n robust
health. So far the origin of the disease is not traceable to any particu
lar source. Confirmatory evidence of the diagnosis was obtained by
the autopsy."
Thorough investigation will be made and steps taken to protect
this city against the dread epidemic.
STOCK MUST
BE INSPECTED
Nevada Board of Health
Adopts Rigid Reg
ulations.
Rules Governing Shipment of
California Herds Through
the State.
Will Be Turned Back If They Are
Found to Be Afflicted With
Disease.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CARSON, April 19.— The State Board
of Health met at the Governor's office
to-day and organized. Dr. Guinan of
Carson was elected president, Dr. Pat
terson of Reno, secretary, and Dr. S.
C. Gibson of Reno, vice-president. The
following was adopted:
Whereas Under the climatic conditions
at present prevailing on the Pacific Coast
our State Is threatened with an Invasion
of large bands of cattle, horses and sheep
from regions lying within the quarantine
line established by the United States
Government, which animals are likely to
convey diseases dangerous not only to
the livestock of this State, but also to the
health and well-being of the people.
Resolved. That we pray the Governor
of this State to issue a proclamation for
bidding the Introduction of all hornea
cattle and horses Into this State from
across said United States quarantine lines,
except during the time between the loth
day of November of each y^at and the
15th day of February of the next succeed
ing year, also excepting horned cattle
and horses in transit, not to be allowed to
leave cars within the boundaries of the
State except for the purpose of temporary
resting and feeding at a quarantine sta
tion hereinafter provided for to be estab
lished.
All sheep entering the State from across
the quarantine line shall be required to
undergo Inspection at said station by an
o nicer of this board, who shall, if he finds
them entirely free from Infectious or con
tagious diseases, issue a certificate to
that effect, which certificate shall relieve
them from restrictions otherwise imposed.
But If such certificate be not granted,
then such sheep shall not be permitted
to leave said station except to be loaded
upon railroad cars and conveyed without
the boundaries of the State.
That a quarantine anil inspection sta
tion be established at the town of Verdi,
Washoe County, Nevada.
That owners of sheep making applica
tion to this board for inspection of flocks
and for bill of health for same be required
to accompany said application with de
posit of 2Vi> cents per head on the num
ber of sheep In said band, in compensa
tion for the services of tre inspector.
HARD STRUGGLE
WITH THE SEA
Tug Fearless Arrives at Port
Townsend With the Sin
tram.
Reports That the Cutter Bear I* Still
at Unalaekw. With All Well
on Board.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSEND, April 19.— The
tug Fearless arrived here to-night,
seven days from Unalaska. The Fear
less left San Francisco with the ship
Sintram in tow for Dutch Harbor and
arrived safely with her tow, but not
without a hard struggle with the sea.
Twice the tug and the ship were parted
by the violence of the storms they en
countered.
The first time the vessels were parted
it was two days before the tug could
get a line to the ship again, owing to
the storm. A few days later another
storm was encountered and the heavy
tow line of the tug was unable to hold
the ship and again the vessels parted.
The storm that time was so st-vere that
the tug and the ship were driven far
apart and it was not until after thirteen
days that the Fearless was able to find
her tow.
From the moment the tug passed
Cape Flattery with the Sintram, gales
and snowstorms were encountered and
at times it was almost impossible for
the powerful tug to make any headway
against the storms.
The Fearless is the tug that was re
cently purchased by the Navy Depart
ment for use as an auxiliary cruiser
and patrol-boat for coast work. It has
not yet been decided whether the ves
sel will be turned over to her purchas
ers at one of the Sound ports or go on
to San Francisco to be fitted for ser
vice in the navy.
The revenue cutter Bear was in port
at Unalaska when the Fearless left for
the south and her officers reported that
the crew was in good health. The
Bear left Seattle late in November last
with the relief expedition to the ice
bound whalers In the vicinity of Point
Barrow.
"THE RED FRONT." 857-859 Market
■treet. »«Ua "STAis'iJAKD" shirts. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
CHEERS FOR
CUBA LIBRE
Veterans at Nevada City
Cheer President and
Congress.
Patriotic Demonstration at the
State Grand Army En
campment.
People of the Mining Town Tender
a Reception to Their
Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVAD.. CITY, April 19.— Armory
hall was a scene of gayety to-night, a
reception having been given there In
honor of the visiting Grand Army vet
erans and their ladles. Over 2000 peo
ple crowded Into the beautifully decor
ated structure, filling It to suffocation,
and hundreds were unable to get In.
Hon. E. M. Preston was president of
the evening. Band and orchestra sup
plied mu^lc, patriotic ballads were
sung by a double quartet and speeches
of welcome were made by Hon. Thomas
H. Carr, Rev. W. C. Gray, Fred Searls,
Rev. J. Sims and Judge Walling, with
eloquent responses by Department
Commander Chipman, General Salo
mon, Judge Buckles, W. H. Searaans
and other visiting veterans.
The parade will occur to-morrow
forenoon. It will be headed by Colonel
Guthrie and staff and Companies C and
I of the Second California Infantry. In
the evening the visitors will be taken
to the mines on Deer Creek, below the
city, every available conveyance for
miles around having been brought in to
transport them.
The thirty-first annual encampment
of the Grand Army of the Republic of
California began this morning. Gen
eral N. P. Chipman of Red Bluff, de
partment commander, was In the chair,
and 200 delegates were present. The
morning session was consumed by the
hearing of reports. When the follow
ing passage In reference to the Cu
ban question was read In the com
mander's report the wildest kind of en
thusiasm prevailed; the old veterans
sprang to their feet and continued to
cheer until they were out of breath:
"I recommend that an expression be
given to President AlcKinley of o-ur
confidence in his devotion to the
highest and best interests of our coun
try and in his ability to guide the na
tion with honor through every peril, in
peace or in war, and that we have like
confidence in the American Congress,
without w^ose support all efforts of the
President must be unavailing."
The address concludes thus: "Let us
all rededicate ourselves to our country
and our flag. Let there go out from
this encampment no uncertain voice
in this hour of the nation's peril. Let
our attitude toward any hostile foe
that may rise up against us be ex
pressed in the sentiment, 'Our coun
try'—may it ever be right; but right or
wrong, our country.' "
At 5 the encampment adjourned un
til to-morrow evening, when five mem
bers of the Veterans' Home Associa
tion are to be elected and candidates
for other offices will probably be placed
In nomination so as to shut off nomi
nating speeches Thursday morning, for
which time the general election is to
be held. To-night's recess was taken
in respect to the memory of those vet
erans who have died during the year.
Lincoln Post of San Francisco held
caucuses at noon to-day and unani
mously indorsed the candidacy of W.
W. Seamans of Los Angeles for de-
partment commander. His friends
claim this move insures his election.
The Woman's Relief Corps was in
session all evening transacting only
routine business, there being a good
average attendance. An hour's session
will be held to-morrow morning. At
night secret work will be exemplified
by department officers, after which me
morial services will be held for the
past department presidents, Mrs. Liz
zie D. Waterman and Mrs. Abbie E.
Johnston, who died during the year.
The ladies of the Grand Army of the
Republic were in session from 2 to 5
this afternoon, and will meet again at
8:30 to-morrow morning. Their elec
tion will probably be held on Thursday
morning. Officers' reports show that
during the year two new circles have
been formed, making twenty-seven in
the State, and the membership has In
creased from 750 to 900.
The principal business to come up
this session will be the renewal of the
effort to raise funds for establishing a
home for veterans and the wives of
veterans. This movement was started
several years ago, but has of late been
dormant. Members believe the time
is now ripe for getting at work on the
proposition again, and will devise a
plan of action.
The Sons of Veterans, after a three
hours' business session this afternoon,
adjourned until 8 to-morrow night.
Twenty delegates are here and more
are expected to-morrow.
COOLIES PLACED
UNDER ARREST
New Phase of the Race
War Being Waged
at Milpitas.
Whites Cause the Imprison
ment of Nearly Four-
Score Mongols.
Accuse Them of Violating th« Cubic-
Air Ordinance in a Cannery
Bunkhous*.
SAN JOSE, April 19.— The trouble be
tween the Oakland Preserving Com
pany and its former employes at the
cannery at Milpitas was renewed to
day in a different manner, and the lit
tle town Is all excitement again. Last
night Antonio Sepulveda went before
Justice Jones and swore to warrants
charging the seventy-eight Chinese
employed in the cannery with violat
ing the State cubic air ordinance. The
arrests were made under the State law
which makes it a misdemeanor for any
persoq to sleep in or occupy a room or
apartment for the purpose of lodging
which contains less than 500 cubic feet
of air. This law, it is claimed, is open
ly violated by the cannery company
and its employes. In the bunkhouse
built for the men the officers found
seventy-eight Chinese packed in like
sardines, with less than 200 cubic feet
of air to each individual.
The men were arrested by Constable
Matthews and taken before Justice
Jones. They pleaded not guilty and
gave bonds of $20 each, with Charles
Cropley and Michael Bellew, as sure
ties. Their trial was set for Thursday
morning.
The people of Milpitas, whose places
in the cannery were taken by the Chi
nese, are determined to drive out the
Chinese. This Is but one of several
moves contemplated to make it hot for
the coolies, and as soon as it is settled
some other action will be taken.
CATHOLIC YOUNG MEN
% FORM AN ASSOCIATION.
Branch of the Young Men's Institute
Organized at Redwood
City.
REDWOOD CITY, April 19.— An en- ,
thusiastic meeting of Catholic young men |
was held In Redwood City last evening, j
April 18, and a branch of the Young j
Men's Institute of the Pacific Grand Coun
cil jurisdiction organized under the name
of Mount Carmel Council by Grand Di- |
rector Philip Princevalle. The society Is j
receiving the right kind of members to
make it a successful and influential or- I
ganization. Twenty-six young men signed
the roll and were Initiated. Philip Prince
valle, the organizing officer, was assisted j
by Grand President Samuel Ha.skins, |
Grand Secretary George A. Stanley, Grand i
Director Harry Pinkham, D. D. G. P. |
Henry C. Hall.
The following is a list of the members
and the officers elected for the ensuing
term: President, J. Cullen: first vice- '
president, Will J. Hogan; seconu vice
president, Will H. King; recording secre
tary, J- J. Brown; financial secretary, J.
D. Hedge;.!, corresponding secretary, Joe
Doyle; treasurer, James CoTeman; mar
shal. W. F. White; I. S. F. P. Kierce,
O S. ; Joe Kerr (ex-commissioner). Rev.
M. P. Kearns, James Hannon, Eugene
O'Neil and the following members: / L,.
Donovan. J. Kavanaugh, James Curran.
P. J. Foley, J. Sbarboro, J. F. Curry, John
O. Connell, Asa E. Hull, John Daly,
Joseph Kelly, John C. Thompson, M.
Dolan, John Kerr. '
After the Initiation there were speeches
from the grand officers. Then all par
took of light refreshments.
♦
SATTSALITO'S NEW TRUSTEES.
Messrs. Cnimpton and Thomas Take
the Oath of Office.
SAUSALITO, April 19.— Tho new Board
of Trustees met last night. Adolph Sylva, j
Dr. H. J. Crumpton and J. Thomas were j
sworn in. Generel Dickinson and L. G.
Ambjornsen, the hold-overs, took their
oath of office anew. General Dickinson
was re-elected chairman, with Ambjorn
sen voting in the negative.
V. D. Linsley took his oath of office as
town treasurer, and genial "Jack" Han
non as town marshal. The resignation of
O. C. Miller, superintendent of streets, was
accepted. An adjournment was then
taken until May 2.
The keynote of the policy of the new
board is crystallized in the remark of
Trustee Thomas:
"1 am for anything that will increase
the revenue of the town and benefit its
citizens without casting a shadow on our
good name." . .
It is a current "josh" that in case of
war General Dickinson's place as chair
man may be supplanted.
SALINAS MAYORALTY FIGHT.
Francee Appeals to the Superior
Court to Be Seated.
SALINAS, April 19.— The mayoralty
fight developed a new phase this after
noon, when Charles Francee, through his
attorneys, filed a petition In the Superior
Court praying for an order requiring W.
J. Hill to vacate the Mayor's chair, which
It is claimed he holds illegally, according
to Judge Dooling's decision, and to turn
over to Francee all books, papers and
other property which are in any way con
nected with the office. The petition will
be fought vigorously.
WOULD BE FREE AGAIN.
San Bafael Bride of Six Months
Files Suit for Divorce.
SAN RAFAEL,- April 19.— Mrs. Malvina
Shearer, wife of George D. Shearer, the
local real estate agent, to-day filed a suit
for divorce. In the complaint the allega
tion 1b made that Mrs. Shearer has been
treated with extreme cruelty ever since
her wedding day. She was the widow of
Alfxander Summerfleld, who died here in
February of last year, leaving an estate
of $30,000. She married Shearer six months
ago.
Mourned by Many Descendants.
WOODLAND, April 19.— Mrs. Mary B.
Hiatt, aged 89, a native of Tennessee, died
in Suitor County last night. She left
eight children, forty-one grandchildren,
seventy great grandchildren and seven
great great grandchildren. Twenty-seven
of her descendants are dead.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kheumatism ;Cure is guaranteed to be absolutely
harmless, and a stron" tonic in building up the weak
and debilitated. It cures acute or muscular rheuma-
tism in from one to five days. Sharp, shooting pains
In any part of tho body stopped in a few doses. A
prompt, complete and permanent cure for lameness,
soreness, stiff back and all pains in hips and loins.
Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, lumbugo or pain In
the bark are speedily cured. It seldom fails to give
relief from one to two doses, and almost invariably
rures b»fore one bottle has been used. The Munyon
Kemody Company preparo a separate cure for each
disease. At all druggists— 2s cents a vial. If you need
medical advice write Prof. Munvon, 1505 Arch
Street, Philadelphia. It is absolutely free. \4,>
TWO DAYS OF
GAY REVELRY
Many Features to Enter-
tain San Rafael's
Guests.
Rose Carnival Visitors Certain
to Find Much to De
light Them.
Even the Children Have Coma For
ward to Make ths Parade
Attractive.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, April 19.— Ab the days
wear on the fact becomes plainer that
the coming rose festival will indeed be
a "thing of beauty," and even if the
joy does not last forever there will be
enough of it crowded Into two days to
satisfy the most carping cynic.
What is causing the committee much
thinking and argument at present is
the matter of a suitable programme
for Saturday evening. May 7. In ad
dition to other minor points this was
discussed at a meeting of the execu
tive committee last evening. Some
were in favor of a display of fireworks
which would undoubtedly be an inter
esting feature. If fireworks should be
agreed upon San Kafael will be the
"strategic point."
Mrs. L. J. Hamm has persuaded the
committee to accept a modification of
the grand arch. It was in accordance
with her ideas that Farnsworth drew
the design originally agreed upon, but
Mrs. Hamm is seldom satisfied with a
first idea and in this instance the town
will profit thereby.
The primary school, the Infant of
the county educational system, has
turned disdainfully away from preced
ent for this great occasion and will
"show off" in the parade as big as any
body. Its float will represent a ship
on which will be a neatly costumed
crew of juvenile aspirants for glory.
The rest of the pupils will haul the
float along. Additional features will
be decided upon soon.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
File Helical Tieati
for Weaß Hen
Who Are Willing to Pay When
. Convinced of Cure.
A scientific combined medical and
mechanical cure has been discoverea
for "Weakness of Men." Its success
has been so startling that the proprie-
tors now announce that they -will send
it on trial — remedies and appliance—
without advance payment — to any ho»
cst man.
If not all that is claimed — all you
wish — send it back — that ends it — pay
nothing!
if
No such offer was ever made in good
faith before; we believe no other rem-
edy would stand such a test.
This combined treatment cores quick-
ly, thoroughly and forever all effects ol
early evil habits, later excesses, over-
work, worry, etc It creates health,
strength, vitality, sustaining powers
and restores weak and undeveloped
portions to natural dimensions and
functions.
Any man writing In earnest will re-
ceive description, particulars and ref-
erences in a plain sealed envelope.
Professional confidence. No deception
nor imposition of any nature. A na-
tional reputation backs this offer. (Cut
oat and send this notice, or mention
paper.) Address
Ktt MEDICAL CO., BBffalO, N. Y.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAL,
election to be held Thursday. May 26,
1898 (submitting the new charter to a vote of
the qualified electors), will , commence at the
office of the Registrar of Voters, In "The City
Hall," on April 26, 1898, and continue thence
till May 10, inclusive.
The following persons are entitled to reg-
ister:
First — All persons not registered at the last
general or special election, but who are en-
titled ■ thereto.
Second — persons who were registered, but
by moving out of their "Special Election Pre-
cinct" or otherwise have lost their right to
vote.
Third— native male citizens not registered
and all male naturalized citizens (not regis-
tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
ary 26, 1898, and are otherwise qualified accord-
Ing to law.
All qualified electors who were registered at
the last general or special election, and who
will have continued to reside within their re-
spective ."Special Election Precincts" shall
be entitled to vote without additional regis-
tration.
Office open from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. W. J. BIGOT,
Registrar of Voters.
§ vi.it DR. JORDAN'S *»■*
igfe Museum of Anatomy
l^al 1051 ST. tet. 4 7th, S.F.OtL
m 5 IB The L»r|eslofltiktndtaUu World.'
lm| DR. JORDAN— Diseases.
1 Kvvif OonnultiiUn free. Write for D»t
K\ I Philosophy of Marriage.
» fl MAILED rate.
OPIUM!
The pur* essential extract from the native drug. Con*
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
Without ! ts noxious elements. No sickness ctstomnrhj
no vomiting ; no costlvenegs ;no headache. All l>ruevi~t^
>fffy DEWEY.STRONG &Co.^f-V
fc*PATENTSIJ)
XS/330 MARKET ST. S.F.S>S^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMLANA BITTERS, TTHH
great Mexican Remedy; gives tualtk U*
BUtagth to the sexual organ*.
ij^ "* *^"* b *^^^^^jL'. : ?^^*^^^^^^^- - .. j~ ~+ j^^^^^^^^^wSs-^i^- jn =^:^«sg=^^^sj^=ss
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral, Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet,
Handball. Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coust Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunpe baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, flno stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation ;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southi-rn Pacific offiros, $10.
JOHN SPAULDING, Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager.
TO INVALIDST
Unusually desirable opportunity for elderly
invalid lady or K'^ntleman; medical care; kind,
intelligent nursing and companionship; locality
unsurpassable. S. M., San Mateo.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
Natural advantages; salubrious climate; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pure
spring water; beautiful drives; pine groves:
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address St.
Helena Sanitarium, St. Helena, Cal.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS,
LAKE COUNTY— Among the pines; 4000 feet
elevation; nature's game preserve: beautiful
scenery; purest ;. r: coldest water; good shoot-
Ing; fine trout fishing; vegetables from our own
garden; unexcelled table; home comforts. L.
B. FRASIKK, Banhedrin P. O.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured in mnrvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver and stomach troubles immediately
relieved: rates $10 to $18 per week. Long-dis-
tance telephone. Address J. A. HAVES, Pro-
prietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaled soda
and magnesia springs: hot and cold mineral
baths; furnished cottages; terms $10 to $12 per I
week. Telephone. O. HOWELL, Proprietor,
Hopland. Cal.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT.
Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives.
HOPKINS & CO., Proprietors.
Larkspur, Marin County, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming: long
distance telephone; campers' return tickets
$2 50. Send for ch-cular to J. H. HAESTERS.
Glenwood, Cal.
000000000000000000
ZZ T *? PALACE "■"*%
I GRAND mmkM°
q SAN FRANCISCO. Q
*J[ Connected by a covered passageway.
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O AIJ. UXDER ONE MaNAGEME.ST: O
I O NOTE TEE PRICES: O
! g% European Plan. per day and upward n
: ** American Plan. S3. 00 per day and upward w
I O Correspondence Solicited. Q
\ O JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. q
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTY.
a'urs v.'el: kxowx and rkliable or.ti
X Specialist irrs Private, Nervous, Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
10 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to 3
dally ; 6:3o tnS.IOcv'KS. Sundays, 10 to VI. Consulta-
| tion free and sacredlyconfldentlal. Cail or address
P. ROSCOE Wc?firi,TT, M. D.,
2C v KcaniT Street. .San t'ranciicu. «'al
a
A stenographer for a large law firm in Boston had a rather
common experience : "My work," she said, "is very nervous and ex-
acting, and^l used to leave the office utterly exhausted. At night I
would often have the most horrible dreams, and sometimes wake up ia
a cold sweat. Once I found myself sitting bolt upright in bed clutch-
ing the bed clothes frantically with both hands. I became so dis-
heartened that I finally told my employer I must give up my position,
but he laughed, and said he wanted me to stay, and then suggested
that I try his remedy for such troubles. He gave me half a dozen
Ripans Tabules and told me to take one after dinner and another
before going to bed. I did so, and rested better that very night
Now, whenever I feel nervous, I take just one Tabule before retiring
and I sleep right through till morning, and get up thoroughly rested
and ready for business. For a sleep-producer and a Quieter of tbt
serves, these Tabuies i^re suapiv wouderf vL w
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming Lake. Long-distance Tele-
phone, Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $2 and $2 50 pel
day. R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
01/ 1 000 HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
\null!i\ Only 4 '= hours from s F - and
UIInUUU but 9 miles' staging; water*
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mail; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th«
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
jLisra-^wiisr's.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of wate*
75 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN, Angwin, Napa County, Cal.
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL SPOT IN LAKE COUNTY.
The Mineral Springs are well known for mar*
velous cures when everything else failed, es»
penally in cases of STOMACH, LIVER, KID.
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; $8 to $10 per week;
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deep
hunttnr on property. For particulars write W.
K. McGOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake County.
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehama County. By rail to Red Bluff, 199
miles; fare, $6 45: dally stage to springs, 9
miles; fare, $1; elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent; accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postofflce
in hotel; rates, $10 and up; send for book of
Information and testimonials. ED. B. WAL-
BRIDGE, Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure:
new dining-room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
'stable and livery; boating and bathing free;
$8 to $14 per week; round trip. $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop., Bertha P. 0., Lake County, Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; flna
large grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing.
fishing: rates reasonable. Address FRANK
1 SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLINGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay.
Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpais Station, Ross Valley, near San Ra-
fael. : Cottages and tents, with oh without
board. Dancing pavilion. Salt water bathing.
MRS. PETER SMITH. Proprietress.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
■Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT, Napa. Cal.
LONGIA/OOD
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACR.
City references. Bend for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON.
Napa, Cal.
LOST— On Market St., a pocket-book; nama
Maude C. Porter engraved within. Please re-
turn to 126 Fifth St.; owner can 111 afford to
lose It.
1897-Taxes-1879
The second Installment of real estate taxes
will be delinquent April 25. at 6 p. m., after
which 5 per cent will be added.
The office will be open from 7 to 9 p. m. oq
April 23.
SATURDAY, April 16, positively last day fog
receiving checks. JAMES N. BLOCK.
Tax Collector.
San Francisco, April 14, 1898.
y^eti£sBSbt£*fift B1 S ** is a non-poiionoo«
«swS*S'*^^%*f3 remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jtfmw CCUr.iTvgg Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
fiQv in : toodaya.^Ja Whites, unnatural di«.
JfW Ga»r»auri : d ■ charges, or any inflamma-
fNfejf not to Btricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
g~JPrevEats contagion. tion of mucous mem*
«?6«THEEvANSCiiEM!n«ICo, tranes. Non-astringent.
TgraLOINC!NNATI,O.|raH Sol€l b - T »russrl*l«,
MlWrk L "- S. a jES&T or Bent ' n Plain wrapper,
<^MS«fefc^ _^J^^L °V express, prepaid, for
"'vfßii^Bra'?? ■ 1. - 00 ' or 3 bottles, $2.75.
-* 'HBBfl**^** ■ Circular sent on request.FLOWERS UNO FLAGS
BEDECKED THEIR WM
Continued from Second Page.
t >-■ Again the girl soon to be left
behind was in evidence, and a second
look at many disclosed a familiar fig
ure, last seen in a corner of the Pre
sidio gun shed or hanging on the arm
of some punniT, waiting for the as
sembly call. They had come down
from the post for another good-by, and
there on tho platform they staid. Cap
tain Potts tried to hurry the men, but
neither he nor his officers interfered
with the leave taking. The gunners
looked out for the guns and the drivers
looked out for the horses, and every
one looked out for the girls, and felt
bad for them and wondered how long
they would keep the buttons the sol
diers, with many a laugh and joke, cut
from their coatsleeves and gave to as
many girls as there were buttons.
Some of those buttons will be kept.
It was not all joke and Jocose farewell.
There were tears and sighs and brave
little smiles that had much better been
hitter weeping; for all the deception
they proved, and there was handshak
ing and then as the last guns were be
ing loaded and every one saw the end
was really near there was many a kiss
many a head that hung low for
fear a glance might cause a break and
spoil the parting.
Again the busy little bugles trilled a
call. It was the assembly, and that
meant the end. fcome boys from Bat
tery F were singing in the midst of a
crowd of friends, but the cry of the
bugle broke the song, and the men
Btarted for their line. One man kissed
i very girl he knew, others looked as if
they would have liked to, but contented
themselves with shaking hands. Flow
ers were tossed to the blue coats and
< the men tried to look brave as they
straightened up under the eyes of their
officers.
' >ne man with his head bound up was
lustily cheered. He had been hit with
the pole of one of the caissons, and be
cause it did not knock him senseless he
was the hero of the hour.
Formed in twos, the two batteries
started for the freight ferry at the Coot
of King street. The boat was not in, so
they waited, and once more those who
had twice sai«l ffood-by were allowed
ther handshake. Then the boat came
In and the cars were run on, and the
order "Forward" was given.
The crowds had again eluded the po
lice, and had taken possesion <>f all the
s and wharf piles in the neighbor-
They had been somewhat silent
f<T quite a while, but as the first bat
tery start.! 1 , steadily down the wharf
tli" enthusiasm broke out afresh, and
cheer upon cheer rent the air. The bat
teriea were cheered: the guns and the
men who would so gallantly man thorn;
the officers, the Hag, and even Sport,
t dog of Battery C, who has
,r wearing a blanket and
Haunting the legend "Cuba or Bust,"
was rh.»-red to the echo. And one man,
leaning out froms the top of a fence and
frantically waving his free arm, gave
ry that may be famous, "Remem
ber the Maine."
The boat started at once, and the
locomotive that hrtuled ihe cars down
1 a long farewell, winning an ai;
swering blast from the steamer. The
soldiers gathered on the stern of the
ferry and cheered while the crowd
broke from the police and running
down the wharf answered with a will.
And so they watched until the boat
was out of sight, and as the people
turned homeward the mournful wail of
the siren on that grim lighter tho Mon
terey, saluting the passing ferry,
brought home the fact that the bat
t'-ii.-.s had gone — perhaps to return no
ABOARD THE BOAT.
Salutes on the Bay— Greetings
in Oakland.
Hardly had the la.«t man marched on
I the Transit when the lines were
cast off and, followed by the ringing
cheers from those on the docks and
along th 2 shore, drew out of the slip.
It was a spectacle that made the hearts
of the soldiers leap with enthusiasm.
Ranks were broken immediately and
the men, who all day long had gone
about their duties with scarcely a trace
of emotion, seemed suddenly electrified
and casting aside all restraint answered
cheer with cheer, nor were their voices
hushed again, except during the short
time required to make the transfer
from the boat to the cars, until after
• nth street station was passed.
Hardly had the Transit got past the
Mail <lock than a tug saluted with three
blasts of her whistle. It was responded
ADVERTISEMENTS.
hH+H+S+E+H+H+H+E+H+B+E+E+H+H+a+H+E+B+E+H+E-
Are Yourjeryes Weak?
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Will Cure
Weak Nerves— lt Restores All the
Strength of Manhood in
Three Months.
/^Hgigyft & \ Fill your body with
fJSpA \ Electricity. It restores
|T|j) jV& health and strength.
) sbP \^f\ ** x *&r Uo ****A \ \ You cannot be weak
W&^~ \ -kV" ~-^djT when your nerves and
&] V ? y**"2M& blood are full of the fire
f)\ \i! /^^^^^ °^ c " )r * Sanden's
%Mh^hl^&^^o' Electric Belt is a won-
k^'^^^^^Pr derful mvi s° rator - Its
jfcv .'.. ";■•'■; fflU touch is the touch of new
W "^^^^^^^ life, new manhood.
CURED THREE YEARS AGO.
r>T> 8 .,. n . v _ DILLEY. Washington County. Oregon. April 14. IS9B.
Dlt. hA.NDEN- Dear Sir: You can add my testimony to all the others that you
aro receiving, and you can refer any one to me. I bought one of your Belts three years
ago for general nervous weakness, which might have been termed nervous prostra-
tion. I began to feel better at once and continued Improving until I was entirely
cured, My cure wan a permanent one. as I have enjoyed good health ever since. I
have very highly recommended your Belt to my friends. Yours truly
W. M. JACKSON SR.
FREE BOOK FOR WEAK MEN.
Read this famous work, "THREE CLASSES OF
MEN." It is full of truths for weak men. It tells why
medicino fails and Electricity cures, and gives hundreds
of grateful letters from men who are now happy and
strong. If possible, call and examine this famous Belt.
Consultation free.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., T -..^o, REWARD *
Qli2 Market Street. San Francisco. wm be pa jd f or one of
NOTE-Mako no miHtak-. Ja the number- <Z Li.. JhU /«n.
B2 MARKirr street. these Belts which fails
Of nee liour*. 8 a. m. to 8 p. in. : Sunday*, 19 to generate a current of '
V- 1. Branch«« at La* AnstcXet, Cal.. 3HV4 i.-ictri^itv
Bouth Broadway; Portland. Or.. 203 WMhJngton Electricity.
■trott; Denver. Colo., iOl Sixteenth Btrcet; *— — — *•
Dallas. Tex, 2£ Main street.
■..".-■-..• •
to by the boat's whistle and the bol
diers' cheers.
A short distance further on the moni
tor Monterey was seen lying at anchor
off Folsom street, and the men of the
two batteries clambered on to the tops
of the cars and sent three mighty cheers
over the water to their comrades in
arms. There was a sudden commotion
on the big warship, for the source of
the cheering was instantly recognized.
A bugle rang out the call to Quarters,
and, whilo the crew was forming in line
on deck, three blasts of her siren, loud
er, more piercing than that of any
ship that ever reverberated over the
waters of the bay, gave a godspeed to
the vanguard of warriors that could
be heard from Kearny street to the
Alameda shore.
Then the sailor boys burst into
cheers, and, while the Transit's whistle
was responding, the revenue cutter U.
S. Grant, anchored a short distance
from the Monterey, added her voice to
the roar. The shouts of the throngs
left behind on the dock still came faint
ly across the water, and the soldiers
made no attempt to curb their enthu
siasm. Tiny llaga, that had been thrust
into their hands by school children
along the route or draped around their
Blouch hats by sweethearts or wives.
were waved with a vim while they
shouted until they were hoarse.
Half way to Goat Island the big
ferry-boat Oakland was met. The
boats exchanged the customary salutes,
while the passengers crowded to the
rail and cheered and waved hats and
handkerchiefs. Again the soldiers sent
forth their voices, answering cheer
with cheer until the boats had drawn
so far apart that the sound could not
be hoard.
At the torpedo station in Shelter
Cove, Goat Island, the lighthouse ten
der Madrona lay tied to the wharf, and
she, too, saluted the departing soldiers.
For a brief interval comparative quiet
reigned, only to- be broken as the Tran
sit drew near to Oakland Creek. The
ferry-boat Encinal, lying at the nar
row-gauge slip, was the first to greet
the soldiers, her whistle and the an
swering toots from the Transit arous- j
ing the lightkeeper who lives in the lit- !
tie house perched up on stilts at the \
end of the restraining wall. Hastily j
running up the stars and stripes on the j
flagstaff he dipped the colors three :
times and then started the deep-toned \
fogbell to clanging. The locomotives |
on the pier joined in the greeting, while j
the people there cheered lustily.
It was one long ovation during the
entire run to Peralta-street landing,
and it did not end even there, for the
residents of Oakland had yet to offer
up their tribute. Quite a crowd was
then gathered on the dock, but it was
then 6 o'clock, and many whu had
waited all the afternoon to get a
parting glimpse of the men had gone
home.
There was no time for the exchange
of compliments then, and silently the
men marched off the boat and over to
the long train of coaches — if such they
may be termed — in waiting beside the
ferry slip to convey them across the
continent.
The Southern Pacific receives $40 per
man to Tennessee, more than some
roads charge second class passengers
to New York, and furnish them with
comfortable sleepers, yet the cars pro
vided for the artillerymen were hardly
I fit to herd cattle in. They were the
oldest and cheapest owned by the com
pany, and were practically abandoned
long ago, the only use to which they
have been put for years being to run
to and from the race tracks. They were
at one time used as emigrant sleepers,
but the uncovered board seats have
been nailed up so that they can no
longer be made into the semblance of
a bed. Into these poorly ventilated,
comfortless cars the men tumbled with
out a murmur, and laying aside their
aecouterments hastened to the baggage
cars to procure their knapsacks, blan
kets and overcoats.
A detail was told off to supply the
men with rations from the commissary
i car, for they carry their own supplies
! with them as well as fodder for th"
horses. Great loaves of bread fully two
feet long 'and as light and wholesome
as was ever baked were distributed in
generous quantities throughout the
cars, together with cans of beans, cold
meats and vegetables. There was no
opportunity to make or purchase coffee
so the canteens were filled from the
water tanks and the men proceeded to
attack their cold supper with as keen
a relish as though they were back in
their old quarters at the Presidio bar
j racks.
A Pullman f'-eper was attached for
t the accommodation of the officers, and
twenty minutes after the Transit
i reached the slip the long train started.
It was in one section with two engines
when it left Oakland, the cars contain
ing the horses, guns and baggage being
in front of the passenger coaches, but
! it will be broken up into two or three
j sections when the mountains are
! reached.
There was a long delay In the Oak
land yards, where hundreds of people
had gathered to bid the soldiers fare
well. By this time supper had been
finished, pipes lighted and the men
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APKIL 20, 1898.
WILL MARCH AT 1:30 P. M. TO-DAY.
The First Infantry, Colonel Miles commanding, will leave
the Presidio immediately after the dinner hour to-day.
Tho officers of the regiment expect that they will be in
line and marching on the way to the ferries at l»30 o'clock.
The route will be along Lombard street to Van Ness ave
nue, to Golden Gate avenue to Market and on down to the
boat. Companies A, B and C of the Police Department will
act as the advance guard to clear the street. Then will
come Troop I, Fourth Cavalry, escorting the regiment on
its way to the war as far as the ferry. The band of the
regiment on the way will play many of the familiar old
airs of the soldiers. They will be: "The Girl I Left Be
hind Me," "Hail, Columbia," "Yankee Doodle," "Tenting on
the Old Camp Ground," "Red, White and Blue," "Glory,
Glory, Hallelujah," "Battle Cry of Freedom."
were in the best of humor, answering
cheer with cheer and Joking and flirting
with the pretty girls.
At Sixteenth street a brief stop was
made to enable the few civilians who
had accompanied the troops thus far on
their journey to alight. Although it was
then 7:05 o'clock, fully 500 people were
at the station, many of whom had wait
ed there since 2 o'clock to see the boys.
The crowd had been several times
larger earlier in the day, but most of
the people had grown tired and gone
home.
Among the number in waiting were a
few women with tear-stained faces,
who had bidden good-by to some one of
the soldiers in San Francisco, and had
then hastened across the bay in the
hope of one more word — one more kiss.
Their devotion was rewarded, for the
favored ones quickly saw them and
hastened out of the cars. Their fare
wells were cut short, though, for with
a triple blast from the two locomotives
the train again began to move and
batteries C and F were fairly on their
way to the war, followed by the cheers
and prayers of those they left behind.
The train will reach Los Angeles
about 4 o'clock this afternoon, when
the first stop of any length will be
made. There the horses will be ex
ercised and given the first water they
will have since they left the Presidio.
Only one stop a day will be made for
this purpose, and it is doubtful if they
will be even exercised more than once
after leaving Los Angeles.
ERIN'S SONS ARE READY.
Knights of the Red Branch Rifles
Volunteer for the Flag.
First among the patriotic Celtic associations of the city arise the
Knights of the Red Branch to volunteer for active service on behalf of
the "Stars and Stripes." They feel competent to raise a regiment of vet
erans In two days, and only desire the word to move promptly on the na
tion's foes.
Following is the inspiring, soldier-like application made by the Rifles
yesterday to the chief executive of the State:
TO MAN THE FORTS.
Militiamen Expected to Be
Called to Garrison the
Presidio.
It Is generally believed at the Presidio
that after the First Infantry leaves to
day and the President calls for volun
teers a regiment of California Infantry
will be ordered to take station' at the
Presidio. As soon as war Is declared the
four troops of cavalry now stationed at
the post expect to be ordered to the front,
and that four troops of California, if not
more, will take their place.
No change lias been made in the time
of departure of officers and civilian em
ployes from department headquarters.
General Shafter will leave Thursday
morning for liiakersliold, and the staff will
leave Thursday evening for New Orleans.
The general will join them at Bakersfleld.
Colonel Tames M. Moore, accompanied
by his chief clerk, started yesterday
morning for New Orleans, where the colo
nel will select a camping ground for the
troops.
The following order, from headquarters
of the army, was received yesterday at
department headquarters: By direction
of the Secretary of War, the allowance of
ammunition for the Instruction of li^ht
batteries of artillery for use In target
practice with the 32-inch breach-loading
field guns, published in general orders No.
IS, headquarters of the army, adjutant
CHILDREN WILL BID THEM GODSPEED.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 19, 1898.
To Principals— l,n«lie«* and dientlemen i The infantry
under CiJeneral Sliafler leaves Presidio at 1 o'clock
P. UI. to-morrow. Please hare as many of yonrpnpils as
possible form nlong line of march, which will l>e from
Presidio along Lombard street, thence to Tan TSena are.
nne, to Ooldcn Gale avenue, to Market street, thence
to ferry depot.
Schools northward will form on ■ Lombard street or
Tan Ness avenue; other schools, on lower part of Tan
Ness avenue, toward Ciolden Gate avenue, and on the
latter street. Very respectfully, • ' v r r
CHARLES Mm BAItKINftTON, J
.., , ■ President Board of Education.
general's office, March 30, ISO 7, is discon
tinued until further orders. By command
of Major-Genera! Miles.
11. C. CORBIX, Adjutant-General.
First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson,
Third Artillery, in addition to his other
duties, will act as engineer officer of the
department during the temporary absence
of First Lieutenant John D. Miley, Fifth
First Lieutenant William W. Galbraith,
Fifth Artillery, has been directed to pro
ceed to Atlanta. Ga., and report in person
to Brigadier-General W. M. Graham,
commanding the Department of the Gulf,
for appointment and aid as aid-de-camp.
Colonel George H.. Burton, Inspector-
General Pacific District, has been as
signed to the staff of Major-General John
K. Brooke, and will proceed in a few days
to Chiekamauga Park.
No one is allowed to land at Angel
Island or Alcatraz without permission
from the military authorities. To leave
either island one must first obtain a per
mit. A guard is on duty at the quaran
tine station to enforce the regulation.
NATIONAL GUARD.
Adjutant-General Barrett Es-
tablishes Headquarters
in San Francisco.
The men and officers of the National
Guard now rest on their arms, while
a suppressed excitement of eager ex
pectancy for the word of command en
thuses each patriot.
There is in the quiet prevailing In the
military circles of the State that omin
ous suggestion of the calm before the
fury of the storm. Everything Is now
in readiness, and when the orders come
flashing over the wires from Washing
ton California will be found under arms
and prepared to take her place in the
ranks.
This was the consensus of expressions
given out yesterday by the command
ing officers of the National Guard, who
only await the time to prove the
strength of the patriotic assertions.
No orders have yet been received from
the War Department at Washington,
and none are expected until the Presi
dent calls upon the different States for
their quota of men.
Adjutant General Barrett, Major
General Dickinson and Brigadier Gen
eral Warn" eld paid their respects yes
terday to General Shafter. The visit
was purely one of courtesy, and there
was no conference, as was reported.
They will also to-day formally call
upon General Morriam.
None of these officers has received
any orders beyond those that have al
ready been given to them to be in
readiness. They are not inclined to
talk, for they realize the gravity of the
present situation. The War Depart
ment has not yet issued any orders to
the Governor.
Arrangements were made yesterday
under direction of Adjutant General
Barrett by which the commissary de
partment of each organization of tho
National Guard of this State will be
able to secure all supplies that may be
needed for the guard during the time
that It shall be In service, be that for a
long or short period. .
Adjutant General Barrett has for the
present established his headquarters
at the California Hotel In this city, and
It is probable that within a day or two
Governor Budd, as commonder-in-chlef,
will establish his headquarters here.
♦
PATRIOTIC WOMEN.
Addie L. Bailou Volunteers to
Nurse the Wounded
and Sick.
Palfornia women are coming to the
front in volunteering their services as
nurses should they be required in case
of hostilities. Addie L. Bailou has
taken the initiative in a letter to the
President, offering to do any service in
the field the War Secretary might di
rect. Her letter is as follows:
Room 62. 1170 Market Street,
San Francisco, April 3, 1898.
Hon. William McKinley, Commander-in-
Chief of the Annies and President of the
I'nited States, Washington, D. C— Dear
Sir: The morrow is significant in the her
aldry of peace or war. American women
love peace, but they love honor more, and
are not second to American sons in that
loyalty which prefers <leath to dishonor,
and the heroic defense of "Old Glory," the
standard of our liberties which insures
protection to our homes, to our free pub
lic schools, free press, free pulpit, free
platform and a free people.
As loyally as in my young yearslenlist
ed for service for the Union and emanci
pation of the oppressed, so now, at your
command, I pledge my more experienced
years and a promise of enlistment of com
panies of either men for the Held or wo
men for the hospitals in honor of the flag.
Very sincerely yours,
ADDIE L. BALLOU.
Ex-Matron Thirty-Second Wisconsin Vol
unteers Infantry.
P. S.— Women desirous of serving as
nurses call upon me almost daily.
The following' reply was received by
Mrs. Bailou yesterday:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, April 12, IS9B.
Dear Madam: I beg leave to acknowl
edge the receipt of your letter of the 3rd
instant, tendering your services should
they be needed, and to inform you that it
has been referred for the consideration of
the Secretary of War. Very truly yours,
JOHN ADDISON PORTER,
Secretary to the President.
LOYAL CITIZENS.
Resolve to Uphold the Presi
dent and Support the
Volunteers.
At an enthusiastic meeting of mer
chants and others in the Chamber of
Commerce yesterday afternoon, Vice-
President C. L. Nelson presiding, the
following resolutions, offered by Wil
liam M. Bunker and seconded by Col
onel C. L. Taylor, were unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, Signs point to a war with
Spain, and the services of American pa
triots are indispensable; be it
Resolved, That we heartily fridorse the
action of the President and Congress of
the United States and pledge our support
to the national cause; and no it further
Resolved. That we encourage our Na
tional Guardsmen and volunteers in every
way, shape and form, and that we in
dorse the policy of returning guardsmen
and volunteers to their respective posi
tions after the war and encourage the
idea of making allowance for the support
of their families while said volunteers are
engaged in* their country's defense.
IRISH VOLUNTEERS.
Sons of the Emerald Isle
Ready to Defend
Old Glory.
A largely attended meeting of Irish-
American citizens, most of whom were
formerly members of the National
Gfcard of this and other States and of
independent military companies, was
held at K. R. B. Hall last night for the
purpose of organizing an Irish volun
teer regiment to represent "the fight-
Ing race" from California.
Colonel J. Sheehy, formerly of the
N. G. C, was called to the chair. He
explained the object of the meeting,
and In a few moments 243 stalwart
Irishmen had signed the roll. The
efficiency, of the new volunteer regiment
can be judged by the fact that all of
those who signed the roll have served
either as National Guardsmen or as
members of private military companies.
A few of those present, notably Com
rades John Skelly and Thomas Degnan,
served during the Civil War.
Temporary officers were elected as
follows: Colonel, J. Sheehy; lieuten
ant-colonel, M. Mannlx; majors, P. J.
Halligan and W. B. Shorten; commis
saries, John Skelly and T. Degnan;
Drs. John Kilemede and George Egan
volunteered their services as surgeons.
A further meeting will be held at 2
p. m. Sunday afternoon.
PATRIOTIC NATIVES.
Stanford Parlor Votes
$500 to Equip
Volunteers.
At a regular meeting of Stanford
Parlor No. 76, N. S. G. W.. held last
evening, the followfng resolutions were
offered:
Whereas, Our beloved country is now
passing through the darkest days it has
pefn since the organization of our order,
and whereas, every indication new points
to a speedy declaration of war with a
foreign power, and whereas, the funda
mental principle and very foundation of
the order of Native Sons of the Golden
West is patriotism and love of country,
therefore be it
Resolved, That Stanford Parlor No. 76,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure_
themselves at homo.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where It is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will bo complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men Who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
Btitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who vrrltes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers art
i requested to write without delay.
N. S. G. W., does hereby appropriate from
the general fund the Bum of $500. which
Bum shall form the nucleus of a fund to
do used at the proper time to equip a
company for active service ehouid our
country require their services, nnd the
secretary of this parlor Ih hereby directed
to notify all the Ban Franclßco parlors of
this notion and ask their hearty co-opera
tion thereto.
THE VIGILANT SOLD.
A Place In the Navy Will Be
Filled by the Speedy
Tug.
The tug Vigilant yesterday was add
ed to the fleet of America's naval ves
sels. The purchase price of $60 was
agreed upon and late in the forenoon
the vessel was again taken to the naval
representative at the Union Iron Works
and the formal transfer was made. A
week ago the Navy Department ar
ranged to purchase the tugs Fearless,
Vigilant and Active from the J. D.
Spreckels Bros. Company's line. An
agreement was reached between the
owners and the representatives of the
navy and the Vigilant and Active were
turned aver to the purchasers. The
Fearless was and is still at sea, but
she will be given to her new owners as
soon as -he returns. Her arrival is now
hourly expected. The text of the
agreement between the representatives
of the navy and the tugboat owners
was telegraphed to Washington, but
there was some misunderstanding as
to the price asked for the Vigilant. The
naval officials telegraphed that the
Vigilant could be purchased for $56,000
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THANKFUL TO MSS. PINKHAM.
Earnest Words From Women Who Have Been Relieved of Backache
—Mrs. Pinkham Warns Against Neglect.
i Dear Mbs. Pinkham :— I have been thankful a thousand times, since I wrote
you, for what your Vegetable Compound has done for me. I followed your ad-
vice carefully, and now I feel like a different person. My troubles were back-
ache, headache, nervous tired jfm» - ........ Z.*~
feeling, painful menstruation and &y£}- I I -*§i<*%
I leucorrhoea. *«- — — ~4<fi2s»-
I took four bottles of Vegetable BfeflSfe r- 1-- ?
Compound, one box of Liver lIZZZZ Z \j^^^^^Ml%iLl. Z"
Pills, and used one package of Tiill^iwlisSli^ - -
Sanative Wash, and am now well. Kwr^^^^^Si
I thank you again for the good " Z~Z Z Z **^£""* <^^sIl
you have done for me. — Ella E. _I Z Z !sl|§ £?) YH— ——— — ~ -
Brenner, East Rochester, Ohio. j^g[ r| I I
Great numbers of such letters as ZZZZ Z Z ~ "jT •**' >IZZZZZZ
the above are constantly being re- , JflHj&*&3wv 3. J^^ -
ceived by Mrs. Pinkham from wo- - 55 ~ "
menwhoowetheirhealthandhap- - ?
pin ess to her advice and medicine, s f^^'J^S mm *£S!& \
Mrs. Pinkham's address' is | '^_
Lynn, Mass. Her advice is of- ft ■ <O
fered free to all suffering women Ob^*v t /r -\ *— *r
down," you must reach the root of [I^^S^^v^^i)^Vv-^*~^^S
; the trouble, and nothing will do M K ' llJJw^^^^^^S^A ffßEi (^
this so safely and surely as Lydia ¥%% /I/////// * Ftljf^^^J^^m'^^^h
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com- mllllllllW/M^^k^^^^&
'• pound. Backache is accompanied \^- '"' """"l' fr "ffWitwwifflJ^BWHßSC^a^
by a lot of other aches and wearying sensations, but they nearly always come
from the same source. Remove the cause of these distressing things, and you
become well and strong. Mrs. S. J. Swasson, of Gibson City, 111., tells her ex-
perience in th,e following letter:
" Dear Mrs. Pdjkham Before using your medicine I was troubled with head-
ache and my back ached so that I could not rest. Your medicine is the best I have
ever used; it has relieved me ;of my troubles, and I feel like myself again.
Thanks to Lydia E. Pinkham. .... '; ,:-;.c^.^ r-.:-:
"I would advise any one troubled with female weakness to take your mcdi-
: cine. 1 shall also recommend it wherever I can as a great reliever of pain." g*
A Million Women Have Been Benefited Oy Mrs. Pinkham's Advice and Medicine
Directory or
MS^^^J ALASKA-YUKON
■ wtßßNiSbHb^' TRANSPORTATION CO.
BS'^ 'V^fi^S^^T'*'^ ">' r ill Dispatch the Clipper Ship
J^IK v^ffclißL RUFUS E. WOOD
f\jil NJa^^aS^Bk MAY IP. 1898, for ST. MICHAEL,, connecting
8 7f'V N3^V!S39E9(S wlth our line of river steamers for DAWSON.
V , If,. "* J * c; «SMj • Secure your passage and freight space imme-
\\ltt ■ ' > -' v^:^^^Mß^BS dlately for the llrst trip up the river, as it is
■jC^^ l^^^^^^^^^^^^ We %vi " have some freight space left for St.
//n^ra^^^^^S^S^J Apply at 3 STEUAHT St., San Francisco, CaJ.
11l II ■^v^frfy \!§3s3|spl BIRCH Creek district: now nearly deserted
'// I v >^al/ r^^^^Sj owing to lack of food; larger and Just as rich
/'/' ' / \l I -.^ ■ ■ as Klondike; produced about $5,000,000; ISOOx
// yf^//jf& ' . 100 feet; our new modern steamer. Alice
rlnJ^n Rlx,- stops there goinjr to Dawson City; our
/ Ifijly book free. Alaska Transportation Co.. 224
/• O Montgomery St., opp. Russ House.
HO FOR RICHEST GOLD FIELDS
—IN—
■»^^-Mftwiii"iiMWiMiiii™'iiw™ ■■' ~^^ cdfta ©
GREAT NORTHERN STEAMSHIP CO.
WILL DISPATCH FOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND
The Fast Sailing Iron and Steel Ship RUTH, ,
On or about June 1, 189 S. Will proceed directly without stopping at inter-
mediate points, and arrive at Sound as soon as any vessel leaving earlier.
LARGEST AND STRONGEST SHIP IN THIS TRADE.
Fitted with social hall, smoking room, state rooms, bath rooms, etc.
Freight insured at lowest rates.
Fare including 3000 pounds baggage and PASSAGE UP KU-BUCK
RIVER ' in light-draught steamboat drawing one foot, light, to head of navi-
gation, about 250 miles, $200.
EXCURSION RATES.
Round trip from San Francisco, with 500 pounds baggage, with privilege
of stopping about 60 days, $250; or return on any of our ships during the
summer of 1899. Best of Accommodation— Stanch and Safe.
Close inspection invited. Full information call ,or address.
J. G. McCALL, General Agent
46 MARKET STREET, one Block from Ferry, San Francisco.
. KOTZEBUE SOUND GOLD FIELDS,
Jl ALASKA.
JI& BARK JVIERMAID
jffj^l LEAVES MAY Ist.
tfJ^aiaM PASSAGE .. .S2OO
\3lJ7]- Space allowed for 1% tons bag-
Hi'fiTiisi gage for. each passenger.
eir?s!'K|? Of nee.. •.:..:...' 26 California st
j^S^r-— - HENRY L. BORDEN. Gen. Mgr.
, v^'.. :: . ■■• CAPT. WICKS.
KOTZEBUE SOUND MINIM AND
TRADING CO.
FOR Kotzebue Sound— bark J. A. Falken-
burg will sail on or about May 10, IS9B. Fare,
Including . 2500 pounds baggage or freight, $200.
Passengers will apply early to " LYNDE &
HOUGH CO., 40 California st San Francisco,
or to A. H. < Herriman, general manager, 201
I Front it., Baa Francisco.
and word was sent back to purchase
her ah/ng with the other two. When
the formal transfer came to be made
the mistake was discovered. Sprocket
Bros. Company aprain took possession
of their vessel and held her until the
tangrle was straighter.eil out, and yes
terday the price asked by Mr. Spreckels
was paid, and the tug became one of
the vessels of the navy.
Men acquainted with vessels say
the price paid by the Government for
the tug was a reasonable one. and. In
fact, they agree that all three tugs
were bought at a fair valuation. Mr.
Spreckels says the price he set on the
vessels he sold to the navy was Just
what they were worth to him. The
towing fleet of the "Black Stack" com
pany has been crippled by the sale of
the three tugs, and the managers of it
say that their business will be almost
suspended until the places of the ves
sels can be filled by the construction or
purchase of three other vessels to take
their places.
Acclaim of Anvils.
TEACY, Cal., April 19.— The light
battery passed through Tracy at 10:20
p. m. Several hundred people were out.
There were bonfires and anvil firing.
The train left amid cheers and the
waving of American flags.
Excitement at Martinez.
MARTINEZ, April 19.— There was
great excitement here to-night when
the train bearing Batteries C and F,
Third United States Artillery, passed
through. A big crowd was at the de
pot, and the soldiers were cheered,
flags waved and parting salutes given.
GAS ENGINES. .
UNION GAS ENGINE GO.
339 HOWARD STREET.
GASOLINE ENGINES and LAUNCHES
P. & B. PRODUCTS.
P. & B. BUILDING PAPER and P. 4 B.
READY ROOFING, sold by all first-class deal-
ers, are clean, - odorless, of great strength, rea-
sonable In price , and easy to transport. They
keep heat, cold, , dampness and dust out of
buildings; are particularly adapted to Alaskan
trade. PARAFFINTE PAINT CO.. 116 Battery
6t. Tel. No.. Main 1763.
~~~~ slEds^j^^ts. ETC.
s ARCTIC sleds, . rctlc dons, Yukon boats,
pilot maps ■to the Klondike, • Alaska outfits,
steam launches and stern-wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 60 boats can b«
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASjS, 718 Thlr4
[ it. 'Phone Red 8361. 1
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Oats quiet. Corn weak and dull.
Rye unchanged.
Hay and Foodstuffs steady.
No change In Flour.
Seeds inactive.
Beans firm.
Potatoes and Onions easy.
Vegetables In good supply.
Butter advanced again. No change In Cl
Ekkf dull and weak.
Poultry lower.
Cherries appeared.
Receipts of Strawberries Increasing.
Oranges firm and Lemons steady.
Dried Fruits and Honey quiet again.
No change In Provisions.
Hides weak. Wool flat and Hops dead.
Hogs doing better again.
Beef and Mutton easy.
Coffee unsettled.
No change in Oils.
Coal In good supply.
CAfLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top flg
ires at station indicate minimum temperature
lor the days; those underneath it, if any, the
imount of 'rainfall or of melted snow In Inches
and hundredths during the | aat twelve hours.
Is ibars. cr solid lines, connect points of equal
Bir pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
rature. The word "high" means high
1 arotnetric pressure and is usually accompanied
hy fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
nlong the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" In the vic.nlty of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
030 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, April 19. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 21 hours. Season. Season.
Eurfka 0 31.15 48.61
Red BlUfl 0 12.30 24. T0
Sacramento 0 S.S7 17.26
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.60
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
Ban Luis Obispo 0 6.05 20.71
Loa Angeles 0 5.26 16.74
.- n Diegi 0 4.18 11.66
Yuma 0 I.M 6.35
Francisco temperature: Maximum, 63;
minimum, 4> ; ; mean, 50
WEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over Oregon, Washington and
Northern Idaho.
The temperature has fallen in the Sacramento
Valley and it has risen over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope.
weather bas been generally cloudy north
but no rain Is reported with
in the limits of observation.
The following maximum wind velocities ar«
reported; Tatooeh Island, 34 miles per hour
the northeast; Portland, 26 east; Carson
City, 2-n southwest.
Forecasts made at San Francisco tor thirty
hours ending midnight, April 2'i. IS9S.
Northern California— Cloudy Wednesday; cool
er in th" San Joaquin Valley and southeastern
portion: southerly winds.
Southern < 'alif«>i»nia— Cloudy Wednesday;
fr-sh westerly wind.
Nevada- Cloudy Wednesday; cooler north.
Ttah Cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona Cloudy Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; fresh southwesterly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. m —Clear; wind southwest, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 51; maximum. S«.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 19.— There are men In I
Wall street still who believe that not a gun I
will be fired in war between the United States
an<i Spain. It is difficult to find what they
base this assumption on, but they hold it with
sufficient tenacity to decline to sell out their
holdings in securities and they buy additional
securities at any material decline. * These buy
ers were in the market at the opening to-day
and they sustained prices above th? London
parity, thus inviting sales from arbitrage
houses and on account of many thousand
shares of international securities which had
bf-en bought In London at the lower price*
ruling there. The early declines in London
showed a practical abandonment of the hopes I
or peace and the Spanish 4*« both in London
and Paris dropped 34 per cent. This weak
ness of Spanish securities was especially de
moralizing on the Paris Bourse. The support
accorded to Americans in New York against
the opening here without change in sentiment
in London and also in Berlin and later deal
ings there witnessed ... . In Americans,
though the Spanish bonds continued to drop.
This tendency continued in London even after
the close of the exchange in the trading on the
street. It was a tendency that gave color
to the belief in certain circles in Wall street
that Spain is preparing to relinquish Cuba as
a last resort. The selling here for London ac
count was nevertheless sufficient to effect de
clines all through the lists. The International
Stocks led in the trading and nearly all Show
ed declines of a point or upward. The bear
traders were to some extent causing a slight
rally from the lowest. There was at no time
any heavy pressure of liquidation. Dealings
were slightly larger than yesterday and were
much better distributed, but the market was
still very narrow and there was no very big |
movement in prices.
Operations in the money market continues
much restricted though there is no apparent
la'-k of money for call loans on the stock ex
change, loans being made at 1 per cent. The
tone of the exchange market was rather firm
er and there were no important engagements
of gold for Import. Holders of money are in- I
clined, to nwait the decision of the Govern
ment as a bond Imue.
The market . for railroad bonds continued
serr.l-stagnanl and prices generally declined
Total sales, (825.600.
United States new 4's declined 4 and the 5 s
coupon :4: 4 per cent In the bid price to-day. Oth
ers were unchanged. '
To day's sales of ' stocks, 154.500 shares In
cluding: Burlington. 21. 50i1; Loulßvllie and
Nashville, 5800; Manhattan. 6200; Metropolitan
4500; New York Central, 3600: Northern Pacific'
3000; do preferred, 11,600; Rock Island. J6OO- St'
Paul, 20,478; Onion Pacific preferred, 16 247'
U. P., D. & 0., 10.000; Tobacco, 36,300: Sugar,'
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 11 St P& Om (3
Do pref 244 Do pref 140
Baltimore & Ohio 15 St P.M & M 130
Canada Pacific .. 774 So Pacific 12%
Canada Southern. 464 So -Railway 71*
Cent Pacific 11% Do pref 25
Phes & Ohio 18 Texas & Pacific. 9%
Chi & Alton 154 Union Pacific . .. 601
Chi P, & Q bOJi V P D & 0 6% I
Chi & E 111 49 Wabas.i 64 I
CCC &Ft L.... 27 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Do pref 78% Do pref ...: 8%
Del & Hudson 105% Express Companies-
Del L & W 145 Adams Ex .. 100
Den & R G 10% American Ex 120
Do pref 41 United States 37
Erie (new) 114 Wells Fargo 115
Do Ist nref 31 Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 163 A Cot Oil 16
Ot Nor pref .....147. Do pref ........ 68
Hocking Valley .. B>4 Ami) Spirits 8%
Illinois Central .. 98 Do pref 20
Lake Erie & W.. 134 Am Tobacco ..... 102%
Do ftrel 69 Do ore! ......... 112%
I Lake Shore 175 People's Gas 89%
: Louis & Nash ... 47 Cons Gas 174% '
; Manhattan L 94% Com Cable Co 150 ,
Met St Ry 136 Col F & 1r0n.... 17%
Mich Cant 101% Do pref 90 i
Minn &St L.;.v. 24 Gen Electric ..... 31 !
Do Ist pref .... 79 ; Illinois Steel 45% j
Mo Pacific 25% Laclede Gas 40 ]
Mobile & 0hi0.... 25 Lead 28% ;
Mo X & T 10 Do pref 101
I Do pref 31 Nat Lin Oil 14
Chi Ind & Li 7 Or Imp Co .....:.. 27
Do pref 22 Pacific Mall 22%
N J Central 91*4 (Pullman Pal 170 !
NY Central .... 108% Silver Cert 56 |
N T Chi & S L.. 11% ! Stand R & T 3% j
Do Ist pref .... 60 Sugar IJS-* ;
Do 2d pref .... 28 Do pref 106
Nor West 12% T C & Iron 19% ■
No Amer Co .... 5% D S Leather 26%
No Pacific 22% Do pref 66 l *
Do pref 59% U S Rubber 15% ;
Ontario & W 14% Do pref »» I
;Or R & Nay 43 West Union /•;%
•Or Short Line .. 28 C N• W "6% ;
I Plttsburg 168 Do pref 172 . !
Reading 15% St L & S tt *
Do Ist pref .... 37% Do pref »
Rock Island £3% R G W -3 ;
St L & S F 6% Do ' ir ? f M ,
Do Ist pref .... 55% Chi GJ« ■■■■ W*
Do 2d pref .... 26 Haw Coin Co 19 ,
St Paul MHO P Common .... 19% ,
Do pref 140%
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s reg.. U7KI Do 4s 1"2
Do coup HSU ! No Pac lsts .... 114 ,
N S 4s 10S Do 3s 6SH ;
Do coup 109 Do 4s ........... 9;V*
Do M. 95 NYC&SL4S.IO2
US 5s reg 110% Nor & W 6s US ,
Do 6s coup .... 111% Northwstrn cons. 141%
Dletriot 3.«5s 117 ' Do deb 5s 116 1
Ala class A ...... 108% O Nay lsts , 112 1 * ;
Do B 105 O Nay 4s 92%
Do C 95 OS Line 6s tr.... US'*
Do Currency ... 95 OS Lnie 5s tr.... 97
Atchison 4s 86% O Imp lsts tr.... 101
Do adj 4s 57% Do Bs tr •••••••• 53
Can So 2ds 106 Pacific 6s of 95.... 103 1
Chi Term 4* SI Reading 4s ........ 79%
C A Ohio 6s 113 V; ROW lsts 88
C H & D 4%5.... 104% S L & I M C Bs.. 87
D & R G lsts.... 108 £L& 8F G 65.. 115 1
D & R G 4s 90% St P Con 140
East Term lsts.. 107 St PC & P lsts.. 116
Erie Gen 4s 68 Do 5s 114
FW & D lsts tr. 67 So Railway 5s ... 88% >
Gen Elec 5s 100 Stand R& T lsts. 66
G H & S A 65... 105 Term new set 35.. 85
Do 2ds 103 T& P L G lsts.. 69%
H & T Css 110 Do Rg 2ds .... SO |
Do con 6b 110 U P D & G lsts. 52% i
lowa C lsts 98 Wab Ist 5s 106% I
La new cons 45 . . 98 Do 2ds 76% !
L & N I'm 45.... 85 W Shore 4s 106 !
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries .... 66%
M X & T 2d5.... 68% Do deferred ... 3
N T Central lsts.. 114 D P pref 60%
N J C 5s 112% U P 4s 90
N Carolina 6s .... 120
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 2 60 j
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 60 :
Con Cal & Va.... 70 Plymouth 12
Dead wood "5 Quicksilver 100 |
Gould & Curry... 10 j Do pref 200 1
Hale & Norcross. 60 Sierra Nevada ... 70 !
Homestake ... 37 00 i Standard. 160 j
Iron Silver 38 | Union Con 20 :
Mexican 15 I Yellow Jacket ... . 10 |
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 19.— The Evening Post's \
London financial cablegram says: The city
Is relinquishing all hopes of peace between the
United States and Spain, and considers that |
■war can only be averted by a miracle. Con- j
sequently there was a heavy tone In all the
j stock markets to-day, especially for all Paris
j specialties, the bourse there being demoralized j
, by the continued fall in Spanish 4's, which j
I closed at the lowest, 37. Wonder is expressed j
here that Americans hold their own bo well. j
I Many were restrained from selling too freely ;
by the manner In which New York was ab- j
sorbing stock. The close was comparatively
steady. The view is held In some quarters |
that the outbreak of war will stop gold ship- :
i ments to New York because of the high in- I
surance premium. Some well-informed people ''
• think otherwise, having regard to the fact
i that shipments could be made via Canada.
I Gold was in stronger demand for New York j
I to-day. The arrivals of German coin were .
[ large and more Is coming as the result of the !
j Bank of England's policy, outlined In these ]
j dispatches yesterday.
CLOSE.
! Canadian Pacific. 80%; Grand Trunk, 7%. !
Bar Sliver quiet, 25 15-16 per ounce. Money, j
2% per cent.
MADRID, April I?.— Spanish fours closed to- !
day at 69.
LONDON, April 19.— Gold Is quoted at
Madrid to-day at 55.
-
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 19-FLOUR-Receipts,
29,493 bbls; exports, 11,223 bbls; more active and
steady, but not quotably higher; winter
straights, U 60-84 70; Minnesota patents, $5 25@
6 65.
WHEAT— Receipt*. 147,075 bushels; exports,
106,677 bushels: spot steady; No. 2 red, *1 PrW t
t. o. b. afloat; options had a strong, active
opening on critical war prospects and a jump
In Liverpool cables; part of the advance wae
lost during the day, however, under realizing
sales and fine crop reports.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— PuII.
METAL MARKETS— SeveraI changes In the
local market are noted to-day, but business
falls to improve appreciably. At the close the
metal exchange called pig iron warrants ea>y
with $6 60 bid and J6 70 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm; $12 bid and $12 124
asked.
TlN— Quiet; $14 35 bid. $14 45 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, with $4 20 bid and $4 30
asked.
LEAD— Easy, with $3 55 bid and $3 60 asked,
the firm fixing; the selling: price of lead for
the Western miners and sellers continues to
quote Lead at $3 60.
COFFEE — Options opened steady with prices
unchanged; closed steady, with prices 10 points
higher to 10. points lower; sales, 14,000 bags,
including April, $5 80@5 85; May, $,' 75@5 80.
Spot Coffee— Rio dull: No. 7 Invoice, 6%c; No.
7 Jobbing, "*4c. Mild Coffee, quiet; Cordova,
SVlflSc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 340;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c. Refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 13.040 packages; firm;
Western creamery, 15@18c; Elglns, ISc; factory,
15©17 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12,445 packages; firmer;
Western, U@ll%c: Southern, 9%@lo',{c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April California dried
fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 5@7%c;
prime wire tray, 8c; wood dried, prime, 8!ic;
choice. B%c; fancy, 9@9%c.
PRUNES—
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 5%@7c; Moorpark, B%@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 6@Sc; peeled. ll@l4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
_ ___ _
CHICAGO, April -Foreign prices and war
cries ruled speculation on the Board of Trade
to-day. Wheat was helped by heavy export
sales, gaining lc for July and Me for May de
liveries and July corn advanced %@Uc; oats,
%c; provisions, 2%iS7c. the latter In pork.
The action of Congress appearing to the
traders in wheat as making war with Spain
inevitable, the price for July delivery opened
at an advance of from H-«tfz-l%c over the clos
ing figures of the day before. Liverpool grain
men took th« Fame view of the situation and
sent higher quotations. The strength of this
market appeared to have still further stimu
lated the buyers abroad, Liverpool closing with
gains in futures of from Vi to lV«d. A cargo
of American wheat sold in London to-day at
$1 20 a bushel. Minneapolis and Duluth report
ed 153 car loads, against 181 .a week ago and
2SO last year. Chicago received 166 cars, against
four a year ago. The stock of contract wheat
In Chicago regular elevators was reduced 741.
bushels last week and now amounts to 4,000,000
bushels. In private warehouses the stocks of
wheat of all kinds was -returned as 620,000 bush
els. Liverpool reported a large, consumptive
business being done, millers having a large sale
for their flour and ■ continental buyers out
bidding the United Kingdom for Indian wheat.
New« of this character created , an. extremely
nervous temper in the pit. July broke %c on
realizing Immediately after the opening, but
slowly recovered from 87% cto S7 I / 4 c - where it
held for some time. A sudden bulge to 87% c
followed the announcement by Lelter that he
had sold 300,000 bushels for export.
New York exporters followed with sales of
500.000 bushels. July declined to 874 con scalp
ers' • realizing but rallied to a close at 87»fec, a
net gain of lc. September gained %@%c. May
i was held between $1 08% and $1 09%. closing at
$1 08>4.
Corn ruled firm, but the advancing tendency
was checked through free selling by receivers.
Liverpool was strong at %d advance. July
closed with a net gain of Utffiie.
Oats were firm and higher on export sales
of 500,000 bushels, and the wet, unfavorable
weather. July closed V4c higher. .
Provisions started strong on war news, but
slid off rapidly on realizing. July pork closed
71*0 higher and. July lard and ribs each 2%c
higher.
. The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. '2—
May 109 109% I 08% ■ 1091,;
July 87% 87% 88% S7}»
September- 79% 79% 79>4 79%
December ' 79 79% ' -79' i 79%
Corn No.' 2— :'■'-'■■*.•<:■■-
May 31% 31% 81% 31%
July 32H 32H 32H 32%
I September.. 33% 33% 33% 33%
/ Oats No. —
May 2«% 26% 26V4 26%
July 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May ...9 90 9 90 9 SO 9 ?2U
July 10 00 10 02% 993 9 974
• Lard, per 100 lbs — "
May 520 625 5 174 5 17>s
July ..5 274 -5 30 6 25 625
September ..: 635 ■ . 635 6 32% 53%
' Short Ribs, per 100 lt>B—
May.... ..5 20 5 20 . • 5 15 6 15
July ......6 25 .6 27% 6 22%^ 625
September ......... 6 32% 6 22% 630 6 32%
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APBIL 20, 1898.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour in
better demand at very firm prices: No. 3 spring
wheat. KOMc: No. 2 red, . $1 oS@l 08%; No.'. 2
corn. Sl%©Sl%c; No. 2 oats. 26%@26%c; N0 .2
white. 30%c;.N0. 3 white. 29% c; No. 2 rye. 65c^
No. 2 barley. 46c; No. 1 flaxseed. SI 26®
126%; prime timothy seed. $2 90: , mess pj.rk.
per bbl. $9 SO® 9 85; lard, per 100 lbs. $5 I<%.
short ribs sides (loose). Js@s 35; dry . salted
shoulders (boxed). $4 62%@4 87%: short clear
sides (boxed). $5 60®5 60: whisky, distillers ;
finished goods, per gal. SI 19%. j
Articles- Receipts. Shipments j
Flour, bbls 9.400 ..«-™
Wheat, bush 40,500 423..00
Corn, bush 367.400 690.400 ,
oats.' bush ;;;.'.' 349.700 234.800,
garieyr^sh-:::::::::::::::: 5,600 ' m*
Barley, bush IMOO _B._<^ |
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 13®17c; dairies,
12@16c. Eggs, firm; fresh 10c. Cheese, firm.
7%®12%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels. i
Minneapolis 78.220 43,680
Duluth 48,535 708
Milwaukee 68.986 1.950 j
Chicago 40.553 423.711 !
Toledo 34,777 2.100
St. Louis 13,000 12,000 ',
Detroit ;.... 6.452 •
Kansas City 28,000 20,000
Totals 316,523 504,149 1
Tidewater-
Boston 26,928 I
New York 147.075 156.677 j
Philadelphia 0,567 |
Baltimore .: 27,353
New Orleans 136,000
Galveston : 16,500
Totals 224,418 292,677
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April May.
Opening 84 15 63 75
Closing 64 00 63 55
Flour-
Opening 80 20 29 66
Closing 30 30 29 70
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 79% 78% 6 10% 68%
Closing 7 10% 7 9 6 11% 69%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 19.— CATTLE— Trade In cat
tle to-day was dull at about yesterday's prices.
Stockers and feeders. $3 75® 4 65; bulls, {2 So@
3 90; cows and heifers, 12 20@4 60; calves,
choice, Jo 60:g5 65. No choice cattle were of
fered.
HOGS— Were active at strong prices. Com
mon to prime, $3 65@3 92%; sales largely at
$3 80@3 90; prime light selling 10c under the
best. Pigs sold largely, at S3 10®3 40.
SHEEP— Were fairly active at unchanged
prices. Trades were made at $3 50@4 65; year
lings and mixed lots, $4 20@4 80; lambs, $4 20®
6 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; calves, 2500; hogs, 21,
000; sheep, 7000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April 19.— CATTLE — Re
ceipts, 5600 head. Market 10c higher; natives,
S3 60®4 70; Western fed steers, S3 65@4 65; cows
and heifers, steady; natives, S2 50®4 60; West
erns, S3 20@4 65; stockers and feeders, S3 30®
4 95.
HOGS— Receipts, 15.400. Market practically
unchanged, bulk going at $3 60®3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2800. Market active and
steady; muttons. $4 35@4 75; wooled lambs, $5@
5 35; clipped, S4 70*55.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. April 19.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2SOO.
Market stronger and active; native beef steers,
J3 BO@4 50; Western steers, $3 60®4 70; cows and
heifers, f3 25®1 25; stockers and feeders, S3 SO®
5; calves, $4 50®6 50.
• Receipts, 5300. Market a shade higher;
heavy, S3 6V53 70; mixed, S3 .W?3 60; light,
S3 60®3 62; bulk of sales. $3 60® 3 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 400. Market lower and
■low; fair to choice natives. S3 8504 80; fair
to choice Westerns, $3 80®4 70; common and
stock sheep, $3<ft4; lambs, $4® 4 90.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, April 19— The wool market her*
continues very dull, and the actual business
has been the least of any week yet reported.
The fact of the matter'is that with war look
ing very probable there is less disposition on
the part of the manufacturers to buy wool than
Binoe the trouble first began. Dealers as a
rule are accepting the situation as it is, and
where they see no one desiring to buy wool
they are not trying to force business, although
a buyer with cash could probably get conces
sions from present prices quoted on nearly all
kinds of domestic wool.
Quotations: Territory wools— Montana, fine
medium and fine. lfi^lSc; scoured, 46@48c;
staple, fiOc. Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine med
ium and fine, laffllTc; scoured, 45@47c; staple,
BOc.
Australian wools, scoured basis, combing su
perfine, 70<f?72c: combing, good, 65@6Sc; comb
ing, average, fi2(&6sc.
Queensland combin" 65c.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW TORK. April 19.— Special cable and
telegraphic dispatches to Bradstreet's, cover
ing the principal points of accumulation, indi
cate the following changes in available supply
last Saturday, as compared with the preceding
Saturday:
Wheat— l'nited States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, decrease 1,436,000
bushels: afloat for and In Europe, decrease
1.300,000 bushels; world's supply total decrease.
2,73ii, 000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease f., 403, 000 bushels.
Oats— Vnited Stales and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease 1,303,000 bushels.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. April I!>.— Consols. 110 6-18; silver.
25s 15-lSd; French rentes, lOlf 75c.
LIVERPOOL, April 19— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California Wheat, 41s; cargoes off
coast, sellers indifferent operation: cargoes on
passage, nominal, unchanged; English country
markets, firm; French country' markets, part
cheaper; wheat In Paris, quiet; flour In Paris,
dull; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 3Ud.
CLOSING.
CORN— April, steady, 3s 6>.id; May. steady,
3s 6Vid; July, steady, 3s 6%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April 19.— The effects of
the war scare In the wheat markets of the
world had apparently been pretty well dis
counted and none of the markets to-day
-h .wed much change over Monday's quota
tions. Walla Walla. 864986 c; valley and blue
stem, SBc per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., April 19.— Wheat, quiet but
firm; No. 1 club, 85c; No.l blue stem, BSc.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. April 19.— Todays state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available ca*h balance, $219,531,643; gold re
serve. $176,251,736.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS. April 19.— COTTON— Firm;
middling. E 11-16.
NEW YORK. April 19.— COTTON— Steady ;
middling, 6^.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., April 19.— Exchanges, $339,
osrt; balance, $81,022.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight '— $4 81
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — 4 84^
i Sterling Cables — 4 85
| New York Exchange, sight — . IB
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ITS
Fine Silver. per ounce — . 56
Mexican Dollars 46 46&
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The sharp rise In the
price of wheat. on account .of . the dry weather
j has rendered freights ' alrrK*i wholly nominal.
| There are no spot charters reported, and busi- j
; ness is at a standstill. ' The chartered wheat |
; fleet In port has a registered tonnage of 5071,
; against 3000 tons on .the same date last year;
i disengaged, ,9527 : top- against 82,300; on the
way to this port, 221,700 tons, against 251,700.
WHEAT— Inveramßay takes for Talca
! huano 51,889 ctls., valued at |85,U22.
! The market continues very dull, there being
! no demand except on local consumptive ac- j
count. • .
Tidewater quotations are. as follows: $1 60
for No. 1, Jl-62V4 for choice and Jl 65<gl 70 per
ctl for extra choice for milling.
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
i 2000 ctls.-Jl 68%: 10,000, J168V4; 16,000, $1 55-%;
' May- $1 60%. . .
Second session — December— 22,000 ctls, $1 58*4.
' Regular morning session— 2ooo ctls, $1 604; !
I 2000, $1 60%: December— 4ooo, {l 58'/i; 6000. Jl 53.
Afternoon December— 2ooo ctls, $1 58 Vi; '
50.000, Jl 58. May— JI 60^: 2000, Jl 6014.,
BARLEY— VaIues were weaker, owing to the
: cloudy weather. Business was dull.
. Exports . from this . port ■ by sea during , the
first three months of the year were 397.000 ctls,
valued at $453,200, against 416,300 ctls, at $416,850
during the same time last year. ..
Feed, $1 37V4'g>l<40; Brewing nominal.
CAL ■: BOARD SALES. ''
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 34%; 8000, $1 35; 8000, $1 34%; 6000
51 34%. ■ - ' . ' ■ > ■
Second session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 34U #
20fK>, $1 34% ; . 600 . $1 35 ; 2-Jtin, Jl 34%. ■:. i
Regular morning session— May— ctls," $1 37;
December— lo,ooo, *1 33% : <x 6000, $1 23' - 4000,
U 32T»; 12,000. $1 32%; 4000. $1 33; 2000. Jl 33%»
I 10,000, $1 33*; 34,000, $1 33%. • • - ' ■ A
Afternoon session— December— 2ooo ctls, Jl 32%:
1 Afternoon session — December— 2000 ctls, 11 32% • (
4000, fl 32',,. WOO, gJlVki 9000. |1 31%; 4000, j
'' SI 31%: 8000, SI 31%. May— 4ooo. SI 35.
; OATS— Are dull at the advanced prices.
Fancy Feed, SI 42%® 146 per ctl; good to
choice $1 37H(g>l 42%; common, SI 30@l 35; Sur
prise, $1 45<gi 50: gray, SI 32%@1 37%; milling.
SI 35f 1 42% per ctl.
CORN— A reduction In freight rates from 6So
to Sic per ctl from the East has quieted the
market down, as it is expected that Corn will
be just that amount cheaper from now on and
buyers will not buy at present quotations.
; Small round yellow, $1 20(a1 25 per ctl; large
i yellow. Si W»I 20; white, fl 17%@1 20.
RYE— Qulft and unchanged at $1 37% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 90r<?2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
I There Is no further change to report.
j FLOUR— Family Extras, So 25©5 35; Bakers'
I Extras, Ss®s 10 per bbl.
MILLLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, S2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, S3 25; Oatmeal. S4; Oat Groats, S4 25;
Hominy, S3 25(53 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4^4 25;
Cracked Wheat. S3 75: Farina, S4 75; Whole
: Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), S5 80
i(66 20; in sacks. $5 60@6: Pearl Barley, S4 75;
j Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, S4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
| All descriptions quoted under thiii head are
steady and unchanged. A good rain might
i make a difference in prices, and as the weather
j is threatening buyers are holding off.
BRAN— »2lfj"2l 50 per ton.
! MIDDLINGS— S23<@2S 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, J3O per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. 531@31 50; Jobbing,
532'g32 50; Cocoanut Cake, 524@25; Cottonseed
Meal, S2S®3O per ton; Cornmeal, 924; Cracked
Corn, 524©25.
HAY— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat, 522 50@
26 50; Wheat and Oat, 521@25; Oat, 520®23;
Barley, nominal; compressed Wheat, $22<525;
compressed Oat, 520Q22 50; Alfalfa, 514@16;
Clover, nominal; Oregon Timothy, $14® 16.
! TRAW— «5@75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Seeds rule dull. Beans are steady at un
changed prices.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 80®2 95; Small Whites,
SI 55@>1 67%; Large Whites, SI 65@1 67%; Pinks,
$2 50@2 65; Reds, |2 25; Blaekeye, S2 90®3;
Butters, S 40®l 60; Llmas, S2 35@2 45; Pea,
SI 55®1 67%; Red Kidneys. $2@2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, S2f?3 per ctl ; Yellow
Mustard, $3^3 15; Flax, S2 25; Canary Seed,
2V«®2%c per lb; Alfalfa, 3«6c; Rape, 2V4®2%c;
Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, S@K%C.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, SI 60<gl 85; Green, $1 75
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are easy at the quota
tions. Supplies of Vegetables are ample for
all needs.
String Beans brought 10©12% c and Egg
Plant 10® 12c per lb.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 30(g>3Bc; River Reds,
605 60 c; River Burbanks, 50@60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, ES9£>c; Petaluma Burbanks, &0
@70c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, SI 25@2 25 for
Merced; new Potatoes, a itfr2c per lb.
ONlONS— Choice, S2 50®2 70; cut Onions, SI 50
@2 25; Colorado Onions, 75cTiSl per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1217 boxes As
paragus, 641 boxes Rhubarb and 786 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, SI 75(32 for extra large; SI 25@1 50
per box for No. 1, 40C551 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25
(poOc per box for small to good and eo^'oc for
extra choice; Green Peas, 7oc!ffsl ]>er sack;
Dried Peppers, 6<57c per lb; Dried Okra, 12% c;
Cabbage, 65@75c per ctl ; Carrots, 25@60c per
sack; Garlic, SfilOc per lb; Cucumbers, 25c®
SI ncr dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, repack, Sl@2
per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lh in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, lfi'JjlSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 6rtc; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
.POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern came in yesterday after
noon and another will arrive to-day.
Local stock is lower.
POULTRY— Turkeys, lOfllc for Gob
blers and 12<g12',4c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$161 25; Goslings, $1 7.V52 25; Ducks. $3 50@4 50
for old and $4 60ig7 for young; Hens, $3 ."Oft
4 50; Roosters, young, $7(5 5; Roosters, old, $3 75
@4;, Fryers, $6"@6 60; Broilers, $4 oOffTS 50 for
large, $2 50<jj3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50ij?l 75
per dozen for young and SI 25igl 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eutter Has again advanced and some dealers
quote sales even over our quotations. Eggs
are weak and dull. There Is no change in
Cheese.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 21c; seconds,
19@20c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, lS@2oc; common
grades,-. 155T17%c per In.
Eastern Butter- Imitation creamery, 18@16»4c:
ladle-packed, l&'SlSo per lb. ■■•*■•
CHEESE- mild new, 9@loc; common
to good, 7!4@'SV I<-:I <-: Cream -Cheddar, 10<gllc;
Young America, 10#llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12'-..'Sl3 1 per In. '
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 13!?i14c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12<gl2V4c; Eastern, 12H@13%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. -
A box of Cherries, the first of the season,
came In from Vacaville and sold at $1 50.
Receipts of Strawberries are now rapidly in
creasing, those yesterday being 29 chests.
Oranges continue firm, and Lemons and
Limes are steady.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, 50@65c per drawer for large and
75cigjl for small berries.
Apples, 40@50c per box for common. 75c®$l
for goo.l to choice and $1 25<rrl s*" for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25(3; 2 50;
extra fancy, $2 75@3; Seedlings. Boc®sl 25; Lem
ons, 50c@$l for common and $1 25(32 25 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50: California
Limes. In small boxes, i0O60c; Bananas, $1 25
@2 per bunch; Pineapples, $35?4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The activity noted last week has largely sub
sided and dealers are again .quoting a quiet
market for all descriptions.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 3%<f
4V4c for 40-50's, 3%@3<Sc for 50-60"s, 2%?f3Vie for
60-70'f, 2H02%0 for 70-80*8, l%@2»iic for 80-90*8,
IViIV for 90-100's; Peaches. 3@sc; fancy, 5%
@6c; peeled, 10gi2V6c; Apricots, 6@6Vac for Roy
als and 7'JSc for good to fancy Moorparks:
Evaporated Apples, c-^^ilr: sun-dried, 4@sc;
Black Figs, In sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, 4%J?4%c
for pitted and l@l%e for unpitted; bleached
Plums, SSoVic; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears. 2%@4%c for quarters and 3(<?si4c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— Vi+i2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3Hc for four-crown. 4%c for Seedless
Sultanas. 2V- for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Graphs, 2%0.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8o per lb:
Walnuts, 3g4c for hardshell and $406 for soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c tor hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, SHS'Pc for paper-shell; Peanuts.
Kj&ttc for Eastern and 4 Me for California; Pe
cans, fi'.'TJSc; Filberts, 8H01Oc; Brazil Nuts.
B@9c per Ib; Cocoanuts. $4 50^5 per inn.
HONEY— Comb. 9@loc for bright and 6<g7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 6%@
6c: light amber extracted, 4»i@sV 2 c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues quiet and unchanged.
CURED MEATS-Encon, 9^r per lb for
heavy, P%c for ligh,t medium, W\r for light.
lie for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. lO'j'inic; Califor
nia Hams. 10e; Mess Reef, $9 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef. $11<512; Salt Pork.
$9; extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, $18;
mess, $16; Smoked Beef, Il'{fl2c per lb.
. LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails. 7«4c;
California tierces, 5%c per lh for compound
and 6%c for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-lb tins,
7}jc; 5-lb tins, Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6 T ti<7?6>*c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 in a case, 8 7 iic;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails. 12 In a
case, BUc; 10-lb pails, 6 in, a case. SHe; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net. 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs. 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are weak at the decline. Wool is
simply flat, and no quotations for the new
spring clip are yet announced. Hop* are dead.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands cell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy"' salted
steers, 10c: medium S>sS9c: light. BVkc. Cow
hides,. B',4S-9c; Stags, ,sc; .salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides. 15@16c; culls and brands, 12@
13o; dry Kip and Veal. . 16@16%c; dry Calf.
18@19c; culls. 16@17c; Goatskins, 30@37Hc each;
Kids, s*l lo c; Deerskins, good summer. 180600
per 1b; medium. 2'v; winter, We; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20®26c - each ; .short wool. - 40ff6fo
each; medium, 60<gS0c; Ions: wool, 90c<g$l 20
each. • • •••.•'
TALLOW- No. 1 rendered, 3<53< 5 c per 11.;
No. 2. 2@2V4c: refined. Be; ' Grease, 2e.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquln, defective, 7 n
9c; Southern Mountain,- 9@llc; free <• Northern,'
12@13c; Northern, defective. 9@llc per th. "
HOPS— 1596 crop, 2(g6c for poor to fair and
B@loc tor good; 1597 ■ crop, ll@l4c • per It.
. SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are firmer again, aa receipts of .good
stock are falling off and dealers are quoting a
small advance. Beef and Mutton are easy.
■.Wholesale rate 3 for dreaseii (stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6>*c; second quality,
6V4@6c; third quality. 4<£/6e per lb.
VHAI^-Large. B®6c; final!, 6Vi@7o per tT>.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8V»©0c; Ewes, BQBHO
per IT). •
, LAMB— Spring, 9c per th.
PORK— Hogs, 3%@3%0 for large and 4®
4^c : for : medium; . stock Hogs, £@2Ho; dreaaed
Hogs. &hS6V»c. i
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin. $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. JS; Southfleld Wellington, $7 60; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $10; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and
$11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$14; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9; Coke, $12 per
ton In bulk and $14 in sacks.
CORDAGE— Prices are as follows: Manila—
lU-inch, 7%c; 12-thread, Sftc; 6 and 9 thread.
B}*c; bale rope, 7%08%C Sisal— Hi-inch, 6%c;
12-thread, 7VAc; 6 and S thread, 7%c; bale rope,
6»i@7>»»c.
CANNED FRUITS— BIack Cherries quotable
at $1 20@l 40; White Cherries, $1 40® 1 75;
Peaches, *1 lOgl 20; Pears, *1 2i; Apricots, $1@
1 10.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, 75@90c; To
matoes, 75@85c.
COFFEE—
We quote:
Costa Rica— l6@l7c for prime washed; 14@15c
for good washed; 16@16M;C for good to prime
washed peaberry; 14&15 c for good peaberry:
12M.(gl4^c for good to prime; ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; B^igl2'^c for
fair; 6@7V>c for common to ordinary-
Salvador— l2>i<§lsVie for good to prime wash
ed; 10<4@12^C for fair washed; 14@15c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9 ! 4<ffl'H a c for super
ior unwashed; S%fa9c for good green unwashed;
12@12Vjc for good to prirr/> unwashed peaberry.
Nicaragua— 9@lo'/jc for good to superior un.
washed; 12c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7@lßc for prime to
fancy washed; 13@15&c ■ for good to strictly
good washed; 11<@12%c for fair washed; B@lo^c
for medium; 6®7%c for common to ordinary;
lo'/s@l"c for good to prime washed peaberry; 12
@12Hc for good unwashed peaberry; 9@lo^c for
good to superior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles. p«r rt>, 3%0;
cases, selected, per It), 4"4 c; cases, imitation
Eastern, per It>, 4%c; boneless, per lt>. Be;
strips, Norway, per tt), SVic; strips, Narrow
Gauge, per IT>. 5%c; strips, Silver King, per lt>,
6\ic; blocks, Clipper, per rt>, sc; blocks. Ori
ental, per It), 5%c; blocks. Seabrtght. per tb.
6%c; tablets. Crown Brand, per It), "tyc; mid
dles, Golden State, per tt>, s\c; middles, White
Seal, per dozen. Bi,4c; desiccated. Gilt Edge, per
dozer. 80c; pickled cod, barrels, each, $S;
pickled cod, half barrels, each, $4 50.
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates) ;
Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 61c; do raw,
49c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter
strained, barrels, 55c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c
more; China Nut, 48@51c per gallon: Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels. 60c; cases. 65c; No. 1, barrels, 50c;
cases, 55c; Sperm, crude. 60c; natural white,
SOc; bleached dn, Ssc; Whale Oil, natural
white, 4.0 c; bleached do, 45c: Pacific Rubber I
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@ j
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per <
gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil. In bulk. HHc
per gallon; Pearl Oil, in cases, 17c; Astral do,
17c; Star do, 17c; Extra Star do. 21c: Elaine
do. 22c; Eocene do. 19c; Deodorized Stove
Gasoline, in bulk, 12c; do in cases, 17>4c; 63
degree Naphtha, In bulk, UHc; do In cases,
16Hc; 86 degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; do in
casps. 25c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6<f7c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 4Sc; In iron bar
rels, 44c; In wooden barrels, 46c per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 43c; do in cases, 48c;
raw, barrels, 41c; do cases, 46c per gallon.
CANDLES— Standard Oil Company quotes:
Electric Light, 6s, 16 oz., 7%c; 14 oz., 6»4c; 12
oz., o^c; 10 oz., 44c. Parafflne Wax Candles-
Is. 2s, 4s, 6s and 12s, white, 73* c; colored, B%c.
QUICKSILVER— For export, $35 50, and for
local use, 39 50 per flask.
LEATHER— Harness, heavy. 30ig35c per lb;
do medium, 28c; do light, 26iff27c; rough
medium, 2«! c; do light. 26(g27c; rough Leather,
22®23e; Kips. $40^45 per dozen; Calf. 90c@$l
per TT>; rough splits, 7@Bc; belt-knife splits,
in^t2c; Collar Leather, black, 10W12c per foot;
do russet, 10@12c: Skirting Leather, 30<g35c
per rb.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Chushed. 6T 8 o; Powdered, 6»(,c; Dry,
Granulated, s*;c: Confectioners' A. 59ic; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, h^c: Golden C, b%c;
Candy Granulated. 5%c: California A, s^c per
tb; half barrels Vie more than barrels, and
boxes l /gC more.
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
POSTS— each for No. 1 and 6@Bc for
No. 2; Redwood, $5 per cord; Oak, rough,
$6 50; peeled, $9; Pine, $5 75.
LUMBER — Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes, $15<J17; extra
sizes, higher. Redwood— sl7@l9 for No. 1;
Lath, 4 feet. $2 40@2 SO: Pickets. $20; Shingles,
$1 75" for common and $2 75 for fancy; Rustic,
$226 28.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, April 19.
Flour, qr sks ... .9.879 Hides, no 624
Wheat, ctls 2,305 Lime, bbls 120
Barley, ctls 1,100 Chicory, bbls ... 46
Butter, ctls 516 Eggs, doz 18,900
Cheese, ctls ..... 15 Hay, tons 270
Tallow, ctls 108 Straw, tons ' 5
Beans, «ks 170 Wool, bales 355
Potatoes, sks ... 2.954 Quicksilver, flsk. 36
Onions, sks ..... 11 Leather, rolls ... ■ 57
Bran, sks ....... 171 Lumber, ft 10,000
Middlings, sks ... • 57« Wine, gals 39.200
Pelts, bdls 240 Raisins, bxs .... 350
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 37|Barley, ctls 865
Wheat, ctls ..... 420|Oats, ctls 1.535
EASTERN.
Com. ctls ........ 4001.:.....
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a bad break In local securities on
the Bond Exchange yesterday under increased
trading. Hawaiian Commercial declined from
$20 to $17 75, Hutchinson from $42 to $39, Gas
and Electric from $82 50 to $77 bid at the close.
Oceanic from $44 25 to $35 bid. $38 asked, and
Giant Powder to $33 bid, $35 asked.
On the mining stock board there was noth
ing new except a rise in Sierra Nevada on the
afternoon call. Business was dull on this
board.
In the Chollar mine (Comstock lode) repairs
in the main incline are still "under way below
the 1100 foot level station. On the 100 foot
level the east crosscut, 60 feet north of the
south line, has been advanced 29 feet, and is
out 41 feet. The face is in soft porphyry- On
the tunnel level the west crosscut, 60 feet north
of the south line, has been advanced 6 feet
for the week, and Is now out 38 feet. The
face is in low grade quartz. Five feet back
from the face is a width of 2 feet of fair ore,
on which they are opening north and south.
They have saved from it since last report 27
tons and 250 pounds of ore, the top car sample
of which assayed gold $19 25, silver 5.09 ounces
per ton. On the Brunswick lode incline shaft
No. 1 has been sunk 10 feet during the past
week through hard rock; total depth 1191 feet
on the slope, or four sets below the SOO foot
level. After plac-ing two more sets chutes will
be raised and the station excavated. 2W foot
level— The seams of ore look and yield about
the same as at last report. They are small
but of good grade.
In the Potosi mine (Comstock lode), on the
tunnel level, the Joint Potoei and Bullion south
drift has been advanced 33 feet and is now
out 633 ft?et; the la?e is in soft porphyry. The
Joint repairs on the Croesus shatt have been
completed to a depth of 226 feet. On the
Brunswick lode 600 foot level, the main south
drift has h«en advanced 21 feet; total length
from the north line 302 feet; the face is in
low grade -quartz and porphyry. Have stopned
it, and at a point 150 feet south of No. 1 east
and west crosscuts have started east and west
crosscuts No. 2. They are started 300 feet
south of the north line.
To-day the Hutchtnson Plantation Company
will pay a dividend of 40c, the Spring Valley
Water Company a dividend of 50c, the Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company a quarterly
dividend of 3 per cent, and the Paciffc Oas
Improvement Company a regular monthly div
idend of 50c.
The rtah Consolidated assessment of 5c per
share will be delinquent In the company's of
fice to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. April 19—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S onds— MEL Co . — 13%
4s quar coup.. loß — Oakland Gas.. 37% —
4s quar reg...107 108 Pae Oas Imp.. — 79
4s quar new. ..116%117 1 ; i Pao L Co — 54
Miscellaneous— S F O & E.. 77 80
Cal-: t Cat) f.5.113 — Pan Fran — 3%
Cat Xl «p 125 — Stock Gas 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 103% Insurance—
Dup-ft ox c — 95% Firem's Fund. l9o —
B L & P 65.. 127%— I Bank Stocks—
K&Ch Ry 6s. — 116% 1 Anglo-Cal .... 55 62^
Qeary-st R ss. — 100 Bank of Cal.. — 244
"ItS 5%.. 100 105 Cal S D & T. — ■ 98
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....195 —
Do untd is.. — 100 Lon P <fc A... 130
Mnrkft-st 65.. 126% — Mer Exchange — 15
r>o Ist M ss. .110 110% Nev Nat 8...151 155
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Savings Band
s' C N"B Ry 75. 102 - Ger S & L.. — 1700
N Ry Cal 65.. 108 111 Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55.. — 100% Mutual Say. — 42U
XI 1 CR R 65. 103 - S P Say U.. — 500
N PC Ry B».. — 102% S & L 50.... — 100
N' Cal Ry 55.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Gas 85... 100 — Union T Co. 975
Do 2d Is 5a.. — 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry Cs — 124% California ....107V.—
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 4') " —
P& Ch R- -s. — 110 Maricet-st .... — 51
Powoll-st 65. ..116 — Presidio 6 —
Reno ~/LJtIi..VK — Powder—
SacElec Ry 55.104 ! /ilo5 7 {, California ....125 160
S F& N P 55. 104 104?; E Dynamite... — 90
S Pof Ar 6h.. — 103 ilium Con Co. 33 S3
X P of Ar 65.. 100 102 V* Vtgorit 27i2 7 i 3%
S P Cal 6; — 113 Miscellaneous—
BPC Ik eg 55.. — %% Al Phc Assn.. 93' 4 <m,
R P Br 6s 106 110 Ocr Ld Wks.UO —
B V Wat 65... — 115% Hana P C 0... — ]5
H V Wat 45... 100 — H C & S Co.. 17% 18
Btook las 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 39 40
Water— Mer Ex Assn. W) —
Contra Costa.. 50 sS%jNat vtn C 0... — 7
Marln Co so — [Oce&nta S Co. 35 38%
Spring Valley. 98% 99 |Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
Gas oc Electric— I s ac Bor C 0... 99%—'
Cent GaslJght.loo — IPar Paint Co. fi% —
Morning Session.
25 Hutchinson S P Co 4050
25 do do 40 25
US do do 4001)
200 do do 39 87%
100 do do ■ 30 39 50
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 43 00
10 do do 43 50
6 do do 42 00
60 Spring Valley Water 99 00
50 do do 98 75
2 Alaska Packers' Association 98 00
25 Giant Powder Con 36 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 20 00
255 do do 19 75
100 do do 19 62*4
100 do do 19 50
20fl S F Gas & Electric Co SO no
$2000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 110 00
100 Vigorlt Powder 3 12H
Afternoon Session.
20 Alaska Parkers' Association 94 00
10 do do 93 50
15 Bank of California 237 50
50 Giant Powder Con 35 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar IS 00
25 do do 17 75
25 do do ITS?',
100 Hutchinson S P Co, s 30 39 00
turn Mark<H-«treet Ry Con Bonds 5s noon
10 Spring Valley Water CtS 75
$1000 S p Branch Ry Bonds 107 50
$1000 do do 107 00
600 Vigorlt Powder 3 00
INVESTMENT rOARD.
Morning Session.
45 Spring Valley Water 89 50
75 Hutchinson S P Co 42 00
20 Giant Powder 37 00
Afternoon Session.
75 Market-street Ry Co 50 50
.'.Hutchinson S P Co. s 10 39 00
50 do do s 30 38 50
40 Spring Valley Water, s 15 SS 75
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 19 37^
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 331300 Ophlr M
100 Caledonia 25 300 Potosl 40
100 26 100 39
200 Con Cal & Va. . 75 300 Savage 16
100 Crown Point ... 13 310 Sierra Nevada.. 80
800 Gould & Curry.. 24 200 Utah 08
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 36 900 87
200 Caledonia 26 200 M
100 Gould & Curry.. 26 300 Union Con 26
200 Mexican 18 300 Utah 09
100 Overman 05 300 08
500 Savage 19 500 Yellow Jacket... 13
300 Sierra Nevada.. 88
Following were the salea In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
SOO Alta 22 500 Overman 04
300 21 200 Potosi 41
400 20 1500 Savage 15
iuo Andes 13 600 16
500 Best & Belcher. 33 000 17
1100 34 1500 18
300 35 1800 19
500 Challenge Con .. 19 50 Sierra Nevada.. 78
W0 Chollar 30 200 -^. 80
2600 Con Cal & Va. 75 300 SI
:00 Confidence 56|150 82
EOO Crown Point ... 13:400 S3
500 Gould & Curry.. 25 800 Standard 170
1100 26 1 TOO Union Jon 25
1500 Hale & Norcrs. 701100 Utah 09
400 Mexican 17jS00 08
800 ">phtr 551
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 16 300 Potosi 42
200 17 500 Savage 20
600 Best & Belcher. 36 800 21
500 37 300 19
200 Caledonia 25 200 Sierra Nevada.. S3
600 Challenge 21 200 84
400 Chollar 30 MO S5
950 Con Cal & Va.. 78 M 086
700 77 mo Union Con 27
500 Confidence 59 800 26
1000 Gould & Curry. 26 500 Utah 08
300 27 200 Yellow Jacket... 13
700 Mexican IS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, April 19—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Julia — 02
Alta 20 21 Justice 13 14
Andes 13 14 Kentuok 01 03
B-Mrher 14 i 6 Lady Wash ... — 03
Renton Con ... — 25 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 35 37 Occidental 275 — !
Bullion 03 04 Ophlr 56- 57
!'a.leiionla 23 25 Overman 04 0.1
['hollar 29 30 Potosl 40 41
Challenge Con. 19 70 Savage 1$ 19
Con Cal & Va. 77 78 3eg Belcher ... 02 03
Confidence — f>9 Scorpion — 04
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 84 86
Crown Point ..13 14 Silver Hill .... — 02
Ton New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 165 —
Exchequer — <M Union Con 25 26
Oould & Curry. 25 2C Utah 08 09
Hale & Norcrs. 68 70 Yellow Jacket. 13 14
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Com pa n*t.
Day of
Bale.
Amt.
meniai..
ild & Curry
h
Imperial
B8
& Belcher...
Cal. &Va....
■ & Norcross.
40
16
64
11
113
30
83
2;
52
38
a
b.<
21
80
..Apr 1
..Apr 7
..Apr 8
..Apr 8
..Apr U
..Apr »
..Apr lfi
..Apr IK
..Apr 29
..May 6
..May 8
..May 15
..May hi
..May 19!
..Apr 26
..Apr 2f
L.May 3
..May 3
..May 3
. . May i
..May 10
..May 11
.May 24
. . May 31
..June 17
..Jime 8
..June 13
].. June 13 1
01
05
an
25
10
10
15
M
Of
0."
20
15
05
05
lion
er Hill
low Jacket....
:ican
Bflcher |
rnian
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Helen A. Bunker to Ella Horton. Ivy M.,
George D. and L. C. Bunker and Edith Kahn,
lot on N line of Fell street, 110 W of Steiner,
\V 55 by N 137:6; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Calvin
E. Knickerbocker, lot on \V line of Central
avenue (Lott street), 150 S of Halght, S 25 by
W 112:6; $lo0».
Wells Fargo & Co. to R. C. Chambers, lot
on N line of Vallejo street. 65:9 W of Scott. W
103:1^ by N 137:6; also lot on the N\V corner
of Fulton and Willard streets, \V 200, N 137:6,
E 114, N 12:6, B S6, P lfife $10.
Thomas W. and Sarah E. Taylor to Robert i
Pieper lot on W line of Shrader street, 25 N of
Beulah, N 2. r , by W 106:3; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Nels Olson,
lot on N line of Liberty street, 309 E of Castro,
E 25 by N 114; $i".
George H. Mixer to Nettie A. (or Jennett A.)
Mixer, lot on 8 line of Beaver street, 150 E of
Castro. E 25 by S 115; $5.
Catherine Golden to Thomas Golden, lot on
N line of Turk street, 103:2 E of Taylor, E
34:4' Aby N 137:6; also lot on N line of Eddy
street, 162:6 W of Leaven worth, W 27:6 by
137:6; also lot on NE corner of Twenty-second
and Dolores street?, E 37:6 by N 94; also lot on
E line of Alabama street, 104 N of Twenty
third, N 26 by E 100; also lot commencing j
at a point at the mouth of a stream at high
water mark 1 mile 2770 feet from the old Fort. |
situate near the mouth of the harbor of San
Francisco, thence ° 1 deg. 54 mln. W . N
60 deg. W 120, S 30 deg. W 880, S 60 deg. E
2524. N 30 deg. E 2640. N fiO Ceg. W 3324, S I
deg. W 1022. S lU. deg. W 1022, S 60 deg. E 120
to beginning, containing 160 acres, same as
deed Sparks to Ripley: also lot on W line of
Loo street, 2"0 S of Cortland avenue. S 75 by
W 70. lots 1472 i 1474, 1476, Gift Map 2; Gift.
John D. and Julia McCarthy to John and
Abby Leggerson. lot on N\V line of Shipley
street, 7f. BW of Fifth. SW 25 by XW T5; $4000.
John A. Hennessey to John Fleming, undi
vided one-sixth of the following: Lot on NE
line of Park (Morris* avenue. 300 SE of Har
rison street. SE 37:6 by NE SO; also lot on S\V
line of Morris (Parw) avenue. "25 XW of Bry
ant street. NW 25 by P\V 75; $10.
R. B. and Eusenle I. Cole to Robert G.
Hooker, lot on S line of Lake street. 32:6 E of
Nineteenth avenue. E 25 by S 100; $1".
BUILDERS' CONTRACT.
.Tames D. F'helan (nwnt-r) with A. H Wtl
helm icontrartor). architects. Curlett & M<~-
Caw, alterations and additions to frame build
ing on S line of Turk street. 40 E of Taylor
E 97:6. S 79. SE PS:7H. S\V 50, NW 699 W
27:11. N 60. W 50, N 77:6; $6173.
L. Brizzolara (owner) with P. A. Antonelll
(contractori, architect. E. Depierre; demolitions
and all work except mantels and gas fixtures
for a three-story frame building on No. 101.1
Washington street. S side, between Powell anl
THE CALL_CALENDAR.
April. IS9S.
Th.
Fr.
Sai.
Moon's Phases.
4
11
5'
12
6 I S
12 IS
U 20
26 2T
II
21
28
1
I 8
15
a
2 I
9
16
©Full Moon.
April fi.
/jq-Last Quarter
;^£. April 13.
] y^. New Moon.
IV^ April 20.
1:
irter.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetlo Survey.
Times and lielghts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty -nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
tbe height of tide Is the same at both places.
APHIL-lHitS. •
Wednesday, April K.
Sunrises 5-.2K
Sun sets 6:50
Moon rises 4:««n.m.
►!liH Feet Ililld Feet Ipeetll^ 1 Feet
giL wi awl II Wi h.wi
ill 4 :57
21 6:3S
22 6:19
H \V
23 0:00
24 . 0:80
?5 l:uo
26 .1:30
12:30
1:20
L W
7:00
I 7:43
H 1
2:
3:
4:
.S:
11:30
L W
6:24
7:00
7:49
8:68
......
3.1
l 3.3
' 3.!>
4.1
4.1
1 1
KoT3— ln the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the orCer of occurrence as to time. Th«
eecond time column gives the second tide of
thi <lnv. the thlro 1 time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column (fives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are additions to the soandinss on tha
united Btatea Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus aim (— ) precedes |b* belch*
and then the number given Is subtracters frrora
the depth given by the chartß. The plan* of,
reference Is the mean of t> - lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARL.ERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cot lally Invited to visit tha
cfflce. where complete sets of charts and shl)-^
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand"
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tels
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
nnon and Is dronced a* noon. 120 th meridian.
by teleeraphlc slgna' received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar»
Island Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time i r giving the error. If any. la
published the same day by the afternooa
K:pers. and by the mornlnsr papers the follow
g day. W. 8. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. TJ. 8. N- In charga.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
\jiiy or two
State of Oai
Empire..........
Homer
Arcaia |
Mackinaw j
Chllkat I
Clty-Puebia.. . !
Cleveland
Wellington I
Nortn F0r*..... I
Santa Rosa — :
A lice Blanc bard |
Orizaba ..
Crescent City..
Oregon
Humboldt. I
Coos Bay
Zealand la
We«ott
Pomona
Walla Wa11a....
China and Japan j
Poruana i
Coos Bay
Humboldi -.
Coos Bay
jTacoma
i Humboldt
j Victoria and Pugret Sound i
Seattle
I Departure Bay
Ibumooiat
: San Pleeo
| Seattle
jHumDolat
Crescent CitT i
Portlana i
I Alaska j
jNewpon !
I Honolulu
j Humboldt
San Diego
IVlctorlaand Puget Sound
iApr2C
Apr 2!
Apr 21
Apr 2)
Apr 23
Apr 23
Apr 2]
Apr 23
Apr2J
Apr 2<
Apr 2c
Apr 25
Apr 2<
Apr 2J
i Apr 23
] Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr W
Apr 26
Apr .'7
Arr 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
fATIOXI
)nzaba .... I Humboldt....
jmatllla... Vie & Pet Sna
Columbia.. I Portland I
•0m0na.. .. I San Diesro.... l
Veeott Humboldt ...
ilameda... j Sydney i
ircata it'oosßav
lomer iHumboldt ...
tateofCal Portland......
ant;* Rosa San Dietro ....
LBlanchrd Yaqulna Bay.
'enuß Cmna&Japap
ity Puebla Vie i Sna
iortn Fork Humboldt ...
iregron Portland i
oos Bar.. Newport
I Apr 20. 10 AM Pier '-•
Apr* 51, 10 am Pier 9
I Apr 21, 10 am Pier If
I Apr 21, 11 A* Pier U
! Apr 2U 9 All Pier 13
Apr 21, 2 pm Pier ;
Apr 22, 10 am Pier 13
Apr 23. » AM Pier 11
Apr *4. 10 am Pier U
Apr -ib. 11 AM Pier 11
Apr Ib. 3 PMiPler 13
Apr 26. 1 pmPM S3
Apr 26. 10 AM ! Pier d
apr 26. a am! Pier 2
I Apr 27. 10 am i Pier 12
Apr 2", 9 AM Pier 11
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Office of the Lighthouse Board, Washington,
D. C, April 14. 1898.
North Head Light Station.
Notice is hereby given that on or about May
16 1898, a fixed white light of the first ordef
will be established in the tower recently erect
ed on the leveled portion of the extreme west
erly point of North Head. Cape Disappoint
ment, northerly side of the mouth of the Co-
U Tne a focai plane of the light will be 192 feet
above mean high water, and the light may
be seen 20Vi miles in clear weather, the obserr
er's eye 15 feet above the sea.
The light will be visible from all points of
approach from seaward excepting from tha
northward to the eastward of S by E % E.
The tower is a cement-colored, conical brick
structure. 50 feet from base to focal plane, with
a black lantern, and has a watch room attach
ed to its easterly side. Two oil houses stand
about 75 feet and 95 feet, respectively, and two
dwellings and a barn about 1000 feet to the
fist ward of the tower. The oil houses and
dwellings are cerm-nt-colored; the roofs of the
oil houses are black and those of the dwellings
are brown.
The approximate geographical position of the
tower, as given on Chart No. 6140 of the Lnited,
States Coast and Geodetic Survey Is:
Latitude, North, 46 17 52.
Longitude, West. 124 04 48.
Bearings and distances of prominent objects
from the tower are:
Cape Disappointment Lighthouse, BE by H
% E, 1% miles.
Point Adams Lighthouse, SE by E. 7% miles.
Tillamook Rock Lighthouse, SSE V4E. 22>4
miles.
I'lilumbla River Light vessel No. 60, 8 % W,
8% miles.
Hearings are magnetic -and given approxi
mately: miles are nautical miles.
This notice affects the List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Copst. 1897, page 26, No.
1105, and the List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1897, page 57. By order of the-
Lighthouse Board.
FREDERICK V. McNAIR.
Commodore, U. S. N., Chairman.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco April
19, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped,
exactly at noon to-day — 1. c., at noon of th»
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. J. t. McMillan.
Assistant In charge.
shipping intelligence:.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 19.
■ Stmr Samoa, Johnson, 24 hours from Eu
reka. .
Stmr Weeott, Miller, 36 hours from Crescent
City, via Eureka 24 hours.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, 20 days 10 hours frm
Panama.
Stmr Cleon?, Walvlg, 16 hours from Albion.
Stmr Pomona, Dehney, 51% hours from San
Diego and way ports.
Haw bark Santiago, Johnson, 20 days from
Hilo.
Schr Chan R Wilson, Johnson, 4 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Penelope, Loch. 12 days from San Pedro.
■Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 4 days from TUla
mook.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, April 19.
Stmr Orizaba, . Parson, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
, Brig Willie R Hume, Brown, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packers' Assn.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April IS.
Stmr Westport. Hansen.
Stmr Gipsy, "Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro.
Br bark Inveraihsay, Cromble, Talcahuano.
Schr Gotama, Dedrick. Coos Bay.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson. '-..... ■
Schr Jennie Thelin, Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Lily, Bottger, Umpqua. ■"''--;
Schr Florence, Petterson, St Michael.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 19, 10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, S\V; velocity, 20 miles'.
CHARTERS.
The Kllkltat loads lumber at Port Ludlow for
Honolulu.
MEMORANDUM.
Schr Penelope from San Pedro for Kotzebuc
Sound put into San Francisco for new
I masts; first four days light airs and calms:
latter part of trip NW winds and gales. All
company are well. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aril 19— Schr Lena
Sweasey, from New Whatcom.
VENTURA— Arrived Aril 19— Stmr George
Loomis, hence Aril IS.
CASPAR— Arrived April Stmr Jewel, hno
April IS.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April 19-Schr
Monterey, ' hence April IS.
Sailed April 19— Schr Newark, for San Fran
° COOS Arrived April 19-Stmr Empire,
hence April 15. . _ ,
BOWENS LANDING— April 19— Schr
1 ASTORIA— Sailed April 19— Schr Antelope, .
ASTORIA— SaiIed April 19— Schr Antelope. .
for San Francisco. .
COOS BAY— Arrived April 19-Stmr Empire,
h< SEATTLE-Arrived April 19-Stmr Willam
ette, from Dyea.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed April Schr Alcalde,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed April 19— Tug Fearless, fm
j Unalaska, for Seattle.
NEEDLE ROCK— Arrived April 19— Stmr
Greenwood, hence April 17.
VENTURA— SaiIed April 19— Stmr George
1 Loomis, for Alc-itraz.
FORT BRAGG- April Stmr Alca
traz for Newport.
MOSS LANDING— April 19— Schr Bar
bara Hernster, for San Francisco.
■ COOS BAY— Sailed April 19— Stmr Axcata, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 18— Stmr Samoa, for
TATOOSH— Passed April IS— Stmr Progreso,
hence April 15, for Seattle: stmr Walla Walla,
hence Aril 16. for Victoria. April 19-Bkm
Amelia from Port Blakeley. for Honolulu.
POINT REYES— Passed Aril 19— Nor stmr
Peter Jebsen, from .Nanaimo. for Port Los
Angi-l"'^- EASTERN PORTS.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— April IS— Ship Cyrus
Wakefleld, for San . Francisco, via Baltimore.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA-Salled Aril 15— Br stmr Em
press of China; for Vancouver. .
CJUEENSTOWN— SaiIed . April 18— ship
Duns Law. for Havre. ' ' _ '2Z
KARATSU-Sailed April 16-Br stmr Whit
gift, for San Francisco.
SYDNEi— Arrived prior to April 19— Br stmr
Moana, hence March 23. .'. ,„,-.,
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed April 18— Bark
Gen Fairchild, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA— Arrived April Id— Br ship Holy
rood, from- Santa Rosalia. •
HULL— Arrived April IS-Ital ship Macdiar-
m cORON EL— Sailed April 16— Stmr Ohio, for j
COKONEI^-Sailed April 16— Stmr Ohio, for j
S *QmQUE^Sailed March 3-Chll bark Gulne- •
vere, for Port Blakeley.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— April 19-Stmr Cevlc, •
for Liverpool; stmr Lahn, lor Bremen. —
ANTWERP-Arrived April 1.-Stmr, Nord-^
ROTTERDAM— Arrived April Stmr Rot
terdam, from New York. April 19-Stmr Cata-
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 19— Stmr Cata-
April l»-*tmr Furne^
sla, from Raw York. JjEJSlfcifiSßALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
TO SAVE THE
WATER FRONT
Many Reasons Advanced
for Preventing Any
Change.
E. C. Sessions Publishes His
Views on the Subject at
Some Length.
Does Not. Believe a Chang© in Pier
head. Lines Advisable at
Present.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, April 19.
It being realized that the apparent in
activtty of the Water Front Company at
the meeting in San Francisco yesterday
does not properly represent the feelings of
rporation in the proposed change of
the pier-head line, a protest has been
drawn up l>y the special attorneys for the
tity of Oakland and is to-day being ac
tively circulated. Thi* protest is as fol-
1 rws:
To the United States Board of Engi
neers: The undersigned, residents and
property owners of the city of Oakland,
respectfully and earnestly protest
against the proposed change of the pier-
t of the city of Oak-
la:! '., on the following grounds, viz.:
That the change will be greatly to the
injury of the United States, of the State
of California and of the city of Oakland
and of the harbor itself.
To the injury of the United States. In
this, that it the pierhead line, at which
ships may now lie in twenty feet of
water, is receded to the shore line,
which is bare of water at low tide, deep
water for ships must be made at the
new line, necessarily at an enormous ex
pense to the Government. To retire the
perhead line is to efface the present
harbor, which must be restored by
dredging or digging to a depth of twen
ty feet. The effect of the change would
be not only to give a water frontage
to the owners of the shore line but to
force the Government to make a harbor
for their accommodation.
To the injury of the State or Califor
nia, in this, that the change would take
from the [ate a large area now devoted
to the erection of wharves and other
aids to commerce under the dominion
and control of the State, which would
be to deprive the State of the use of
its property without due process of law.
To the Jury of the city of Oakland,
in this, that the change would, under
the present holdings of the courts shut
up all the avenues of commerce of that
city by giving them Into the hands of a
private corporation, at whose mercy ab
solutely would lie the whole trade of th»
city, and all the approaches by water.
To the injury of the harbor, In this,
that the tidal flow would be sluggish
and nut sufficient to scour this portion
of tho estuary if the width in increased
between the points proposed, and the
curvature of the line is made greater
within and at a distance from the mouth
of the estuary If the width is increased
be a continuous filling in front of the
city.
And further, the petition asking for
the said change of the pierhead line Is
obviously not made in good faith, but
solely for the purpose of vesting in the
Oakland Water Front Company, a mo
'nbpbly'Sf the entire water front under
consideration.
The protest will be presented at the con
ference Thursday.
E. C. Sessions, the agent for the sale of
tin water front in this city, made public a
ment to-night in which he ar
£;jrs that the proposed pier-head change
■ only legal but practicable, although
■inlts that there is no need of the
■ present.
He says: "1 concur, however. In the
in that no sufficient argrirrient ap
to hf presented to warant a change
In the line in front of Oakland as at pres
ablished."
While it is not clear to the large major
the citizens what the proposed pier
• hange means, and how it conflicts
the lines as already designated,
is a general feeling based on nearly
half a century of experience that if tne
<f\ plan were not for the benefit of
the Water Front Company, nothing would
have be-on heard of it. It has once more
i attention to the compromise of 186S,
upon which the people of this City voted
rably, an<l which was sanctioned by
the Legislature. One of the best posted
::iost reliable residents of Oakland
t^ald to-daj : "The compromise of IS^S was
undoubtedly the best solution of the wa
• 'lit question yet put forward. Had
it been carried out In good faith by both
the city ami the Water Front Company,
nd'a water front controversy would
have ended then and forever. Unfortun
afely the Water Front Company did not
Improve it, did not do anything to further
Iti development by sales to others, but
hedg< s around with all kinds of
restrictions, all having but one end, that
of keeping out railroad competition. On
the other hand the city has periodically
brought up the matter by throwing all
kinds of clouds over the Water Front
Company's title, so that it could^do noth
ing. At the present time there 'is really
nothing more definite in regard to title
and boundary lines than there was in Ist*.
A Wedding Postponed.
OAKLAND. April 19.— F. M. Overbeck
Of Jacksonville Or., applied for a license
to wed Miss Ottiode A. Brentano of the
?amc place to-day, but It was refused.
!!•• was divorced six months ago and
came here to avoid publicity, without
being a ware of the year's limit placed
on divorced couples by California laws.
The bride-to-be Is the daughter of Judge
and .Mrs. Brontano of Jackson County,
Is ft very popular young lady at
hone. She and her mother came here
to avoid a home wedding and the mother
had sleeper tickets for the return trip.
She musi change her plans now and
• return to Salem, Or., or go to
Reno, Nev.
Robertson Succeeds Boone.
BERKELEY. April 19.— P. R. Boone
last evening resigned the position of
president of the Board of Education and
Uroctor George M. Robertson of the
First Ward was elected to succeed him.
Tho Finance Committee of the board re
ported that an increased expenditure of
SSOOO over last year's expenses would be
necessary next year, while th<» receipts
will exceed those of last year by only
$1500. To avoid a prospective deficit of
J4OOO it was suggested that a reduction be
made in teachers' salaries. Tho matter
was referred to the Finance and Salary
committees. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY CUNUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER 'COMPLAINTS
& hemorrhoids,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lanca.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." MritishiUdlcalJourn<i:
CAUTIOX: hcethat the label bean the signa-
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehner..
FAIR WAITED AT
AUBURN IN VAIN
Ex - Fire Chief Beaten
in a Race for a
Mine.
DennJs Wired the Coin and
Has Received the
Deed.
An Arrest Was Planned, but Was
Thwarted by th« County
Line.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 19.
•A. D. Dennis, the well known patron of
sport and a Broadway cigar dealer, ran
the liveliest race of his life in his attempt
to buy a gold mine.
During the past two or three years Oak
land has been smitten hard with the gold
fever, and everybody with a few dollars
to spare or that could borrow a few dol
lar? has been speculating in mining stock.
Among the most enthusiastic speculators
was ex-Chief Fair of the Fire Depart
ment. Some months ago he heard of a
good thing In Placer County, and with
two or throe others he obtained an option
upon It, putting up a bond. After doing
so he made every possible attempt to
raise the money to complete the pur
chase.
The option held by Fair expired at mid
night on April 12. About two days prior
to that time A. D. Dennis, himself a great
speculator, heard of Chief Fair's "good
thing," and he sent an expert named
Johnson to the mine, which is located
twelve and a half miles from Auburn, to
report on It. The expert satisfied Dennis
and Frank Searing, who was in partner
ship with him, that the mine was valu
able, and they at once determined to pur
chase it.
On the morning of the 14th Dennis
learned that Fair had taken the coin to
Auburn, there to meet Mr. Triblett. the
owner of the mine, and complete the deal.
He at once went to the telegraph office,
caught his expert, Johnson, at Auburn,
authorized him to go out to the Triblett
mine and make the puschaso without de
lay.
Johnson left Auburn with a fleet rig
just as Chief Fair arrived on the train
from Oakland. He heard of Johnson's
mission, and thinking to get the better of
the expert he hired a rig and took a Dep
uty Constable with him hoping that
something might arise which would jus
tify him In having the Constable arrest
and detain Johnson.
Koth teams flew along the county roads
and each was so anxious to get to the
mine first that the race was considered
as being equivalent to a contest with a
$1000 purse hung up for each mile. John
son kept the lead until they reached the
last eate on the route. While he was
opening it Fair and the deputy caught
up with him. Somehow or other there
was an encounter and Johnson said he
was struck on the head with the deputy's
revolver. However, he managed to get
in his rig, and knowing that he was over
the county line, he defied the constable
to do his worst, and renewed his race to
the ranch.
At this point Mr. Fair concluded that
Triblett would probably be in Auburn
ready to close the deal, and that Johnson
would have his trip to the mine for noth
ing. Accordingly Fair drove back.
Johnson finished the Journey, met Mr.
Triblett and closed the deal. Then,
thinking that Fair would be in Auburn,
Johnson persuaded Triblett that It would
be better to go and have the deeds re
corded at Plaeerville, so he and Triblett
; went to Plaeerville and closed their pur
| chase while Mr. Fair was waiting at
1 Auburn for the mine-owner who never
; came.
Dennis now declares he has a fortune
in sight and is busy telling his friends
how he secured it.
THE CROWDED SCHOOLS.
Another Mass Meeting to Be Held to
Discuss the Situation.
I ALAMEDA, April 10.— The meeting of
the Municipal League last evening was al
most entirely devoted to a discussion of
the overcrowded condition of the public
schools and to the best method for alle
viating it. School Director Tlsdale, Dr.
Scott (president of the Board of Educa
tion) and Superintendent Sullivan spoke
in the matter and set forth the evils com
plained of. Statistics were given showing
■ the rapid increase in the number or
school children and the urgent demand
for relief of some kind.
The work of the committee of thirteen
wa.s referred to and regret expressed that
ii had come to naught. Finally, after a
full discussion, it was decided to call a
mass-meeting for some evening next wefk
for the purpose of having another dis
cussion and if possible devising some
means for providing the much-needed ad
ditional accommodation.
WILL BE UNITED.
FRANCIS W, REID and MISS LYNDA ALEXANDER,
in Whose Marriage 30,000 Endeavorers
Are Interested,
SAN JOSE, April 19.— A home wedding of much interest to California
Endeavorers will occur in San Jose Wednesday afternoon, when the Rev. H.
Melville Tenney, pastor of the First Congregational Church, will unite two
of his young people in marriage. The contracting parties are Miss Lynda
Alexander, youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William Alexander of 172
South Seventh street, and Francis W. Reid, general secretary of the Cali
fornia Christian Endeavor Union. Miss Mabel C. Stillman of San Jose will
be bridesmaid, and Burton M. Palmer of the Pacific Theological Seminary,
Oakland, will be best man.
Miss Alexander is a native daughter of Eastern Alameda County, who
during five years' residence in the Garden City has endeared herself by
rare personal qualities and devotion to religious work. Mr. Reid, a na
tive of Ontario, has spent most of his life in Santa Clara County and is
one of the best known young men in the State. He graduated with high
eat honors in 1887 from the classical course of the University of the Pacific
and spent several years in newspaper and literary work. Two years ago
he left a successful architectural practice in San Jose to enter the Pacific
Theological Seminary, Oakland, where he will graduate next week. He Is
identified with many branches of religious work and has served the State
Endeavor Union two years as general secretary. Mr. Reid has accepted a
call for one year to the Congregational church of Clayton, Contra Costa
County, where after May 15, the doors of the cozy little parsonage will be
open to ail former friends of the pastor and wife.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
SAN FRANCISCO
IS THREATENED
Dr. Chapman Wishes It to
Follow Riverside's
Example.
Liquor Dealers May Find It
Advisable to Send Him to
Europe.
The Evangelist Is Evidently Not
Innocent of Political
Methods.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. April 19.
Dr. E. S. Chapman, who recently re
signed from ministerial work to lead the j
campaign of temperance and prohibition
in California, must have struck terror
into the ranks of the Liquor Dealers' As
sociation in all parts of the State.
If the doctor, who was always popular
in this city, is capable of doing what Is
credited to him in Riverside, he would be
a good man for the anti-temperance peo
ple to subsidize so that he might pass the |
rest of his days in Europe.
In Riverside recently there was a great
campaign. The little town was wrought
up over the question of prohibition. When
matters appeared to be wavering Dr.
Chapman was sent for, and after four ad
dresses his mission was so complete that
Riverside voted for prohibition, and now
it is impossible to obtain within its bor
ders anything more opposed to public
morals than cold tea and iced lemonade.
A report has been received from River
side in which Dr. Chapman is given near
ly all the credit for carrying the temper
ance question at the polls. His addresses,
his dodgers, his eloquence, his versatility,
his methods of canvassing, are all praised
to the skies, and part of the report, unin
tentionally, no doubt, shows that the af
fable doctor is considerable of a politi
cian. It says: "He knew how to reach
after votes and get them: he was wise
enough never to say one thing that would
cost the cause a single vote. For one
night the city band was engaged. All the
ladies were pressed into service," and the
victory was so overwhelming that 846
votes were cast for prohibition and only
469 in favor of licensing the liquor traffic.
Dr. Chapman has been closeted in his
study for the past three days, and Is care
fully laying out a plan of campaign which
he hopes will succeed in securing prohibi
tion for San Francisco. A year ago an or
ganized attempt, commenced rather late,
it is true, was made to bring Oakland into
the temperance columns, but although the
city Is so generously studded with spires
it was unsuccessful, and in fact many
consider this midnight-closing town a
hopeless case. Dr. Chapman, however, is
very much encouraged, and what can be
done at Riverside he believes can be done
elsewhere.
WOODWARD WAS ABSENT.
His Vote Will Be Necessary to Defeat
the Public Interest Again.
OAKLAND, April 19.— The City Council
refused to give Health Officer Dunn an
additional $25 for a horse and bugrgy. His
salary is $150 per month, and the Finance
Committee recommended the addition,
but by the absence of the chairman, Mr.
Woodward, the .measure was lost by a
vote of 5 to 5. The "solid six" can pass
it when Mr. Woodward is present, so
President Heltmann rereferred it to the
committee.
A motion to deny the petition of J. P.
Beckett to sewer Thirty-seventh street,
between Market and West, by private
contract met a like fate. Councilman
Girard declared tnat "the contractors are
in 'cahoots' with some of the Council
men, who sometimes pet a slice of the
spoils. Some of the contractors have
come to me and wanted me to Insist upon
public contracts."
Other members thought that private
work was not as well done as public work
and opposed any private contracts. They
claimed that individuals circulating; a pe
tition for private work were given theirs
at cost at the expense of others.
INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLHOUSES.
Board of Education May Erect New
Ones Soon.
OAKLAND, April 19.— Director Myra
Knox wants the surplus $15,000 in the
school fund for new buildings for the in
dustrial school. "We are behind the
times in this respect," said she. "The
children are eager to learn and are doing
really wonderful work. The public does
not appreciate the work, but I tell you the
time will come when people will wake up
to its advantage. We need new buildings
and we need this extra money for it."
During the meeting last night President
Todd of the Board of Education an
nounced the following standing commit
tees: Rules and regulations, Wilcox,
Knox and Evans; classification, text
books, etc., Powell, Wilcox and Clement;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
school houses and sites. Ingler, Ruther- j
ford and Wilcox; furniture and supplies, j
Clement. Redington and Russ; high
BChool Evans, Powell and Knox; evening
schools Redington, Russ and Gray;
finance, Russ. Cray and Redington; judi- !
ciarv Gray. Ingier and Powell; industrial i
education, Knox. Evans and Rutherford; i
observatory, Rutherford, Clement and j
Ingler.
HOPPE DROPPED DEAD.
Sudden Death of a Well-Known Resi-
dent of Claremont.
OAKLAND, April 19.— sudden death
of John C. Hoppe last night at his home
in Claremont has cast a gloom in a large
circle of his acauaintances. He was a
member of the firm of Brigham, Hoppe &
Co. 129-131 California street, San Fran
cisco M Last evening he left his office at 5
o'clock and came home. Apparently he
was enjoying good health. . About \ 9
o'clock he was taken with a severe pain
in the heart and died in a few foments. .
For some time he has suffered from his
heart. Dr. J. C. Rowell of Berkeley was
consulted and made his last call late last
evening. He did not find Mr. Hoppe at all
in need of a physician, as far as he was
able to ascertain.
The deceased leaves a widow, a marriel
daughter and two sons, one of whom is
married.
, .♦ « . . .
PIONEER HOTEL-KEEPER.
Death of Francis Reinstadler Who
Has Live<- Here Since 1852.
OAKLAND, April 19.— Francis Rein
stadler died at his residence, 961 Third
avenue, this morning. He was one or the
oldest and best known residents of this
city. He has suffered from cancer for a
number of years, which finally caused his
death Born in Alsace, Germany, nearly
80 years ago, the deceased has seen much
of "the world. Ho came to San Francisco
in LSS2 The next year he opened the rirst
hotel in this city. It was at the foot of
Broadway, and since that time has been
prominent in everything relating to the
welfare of the city. Ten years ago he
suffered a stroke of paralysis, and two
years later lost his wife. Afterward he
spent three years visiting his early home
in Europe. In all of his last years he had
many friends, but lived on his earlier
savings.
Choral Society Concert.
OAKLAND, April 10.— The East Oak
land Choral Society will give a grand con
cert in the Twenty-fourth avenue M. E. j
Church, Oakland, Friday evening, April
22. The society consists of about forty
well trained voices, assisted by the fol- j
lowing well-known vocalists: Miss M. !
Eberling, soprano; Miss E. D. Brown, |
contralto; W. J. Oakes, tenor; G. A. Hall,
barytone; Charles W. Betts, bass; Prof.
O j. Lercher, cornet solo; Prof. E. Wil
son, piano solo; trio, mandolin, guitar,
piano. Miss L. Wilson, L. Frazier, G.
Bacus. The chorus work will consist of
the following numbers:
"The Rhine Raft Song," Pinsuti; "The
Crusaders," Pinsuti; "Slumber Song." F.
N. Lohr; "Peace on the Deep," J. W. P. !
Pierce; "The Sands of Dee," G. A. Mac
Farren, "Now O'er the Hill Tops" (hunt- !
Ing chorus), C. E. Leslie; "Daylight Is
Fading," H. Leslie.
Albert Berger, the popular young musl- I
clan, will be the accompanist, while E. I
T. M. Eckert, the well-known barytone,
will be the conductor.
Served Blanding's Purpose.
OAKLAND, April 10.— Mrs. M. J. Mar- ;
shall of Santa Clara County attacks the
integrity of C. P. Blanding to-day, and
in a note to the County Clerk declares
that she was Led Into placing a claim of
$36,200 against Mrs. Sarah T. Ingalls, an
insolvent debtor, by him when there was
no justness In it. She just learned of his
lack of honesty of purpose and notified
the court to protect herself.
BUSHING MAY BE REVIVED.
Berkeley Students Partially Retract
Their Resolutions Prohibiting
the Practice.
BERKELEY, April 19.— Knight Dunlap |
'f*9 was to-day elected secretary of the i
Associated Students. A vote was also
taken or removing or limiting the restric- ,
tions upon rushing made last term by the j
Associated Students. The resolution was j
as follows: "Resolved, That the applica
tion of the resolutions of the Associated
Students forbidding rushing be limited to
caropus rushes and those hold in the
darkness." The intention was to take the .
"charter-day hill-rush" from under the |
ban of the student body. The resolutions
w.ere carried by a vote of ISS to %.
How the faculty will regard the action
of the students remains to be seen. After j
the Associated Students passed resolu- ;
tions last year prohibiting rushing of i
e\'ery kind, the faculty voiced its approval
and announced Us determination to en
force the students' resolutions. The stu- i
dents who favor the rushing are anxious
ly waiting to see whether the faculty will
assent to the action of the student body
in reviving rushing.
Bicycle Bace With. Stanford.
BERKELEY, April 19.— The intercolle
giate bicycle race between California and
Stanford will take place to-morrow aft
ernoon at Ran Jose. The race is one of
the fourteen events of the intercollegiate
field day, the remaining events of which
will be held next Saturday at the Olym
pic Club grounds in San Francisco. The
entries for the bicycle race are as fol
lows: i
First heat— Squires and Fish of Califor
nia; Sayer, Marvin and Cross of Stan
ford.
Second heat— Child? and Cheminant of
California; Murphy, Rudolph and Hahn
of Stanford.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 19.-Mrs. Anita
Smith Page of Valparaiso, Chile, has pre
sented to the university library the first
four of the twenty volumes of Barros
Arana's "Historia Jeneral de Chile." The
remaining sixteen volumes will be sub-
Bequently presented to the library and will
constitute one of the rarest and most val
uable historical works in the library.
The Oakland Gas Light and Heat Com
pany has reduced the price of gas to
Berkeley consumers from $1 75 per 1000
for illuminating and $1 60 for fuel to $1 50
for illuminating and $1 25 for ruel.
The Berkeley W. C. T. I . will' meet to
morrow afternoon at the residence of Mrs.
R. A. Armstrong, 2511 Bancroft way. The
subject to be discussed Is "The Temple,
Chicago." _• , L, _ • *
Superintendent of Schools F. E. Per
ham has been granted a two days' leave
of absence by the Berkeley Board of Ed
ucation to a"ttend a school superintend
ents' convention at Sacramento.
A PICKPOCKET SENTENCED.
He Said He Stole a Purse for Fun,
but It Cost Him Six Months
in Jail.
ALAMEDA, April 19.— Ben Meredith j
and Otto Bahrs, blacksmiths, went on a
spree last night, in the course of which
Bahrs stole a purse containing about $10 :
from his companion's pocket. He took
the money out and threw the purse away.
As soon "as Meredith discovered his loss i
he called on an officer and had Bahrs ar- i
rested. This morning when the case came !
before Justice Morris, Bahrs did not deny
taking the money, but said he only did it
in fun. But when asked by the judge
Why he threw the purse away, he could
give no reply and thereupon pleaded
guilty. He was then sentenced to six i
months' imprisonment in the County Jail. \
Davis Clubs Formed.
ALAMEDA, April 19.— A club whose ob- !
ject is the advancement of the candi- i
dacy of W. R. Davis for the Governor- i
ship held its second meeting last evening !
at Linderman Hall. The election of ofli- I
cers was to have taken place, but was !
postponed. Sixty-two names are now
mi the roll. Mr. Davis was present and j
Bpoke on his claims for the nomination. j
Postmaster Leydecker was among the j
prominent politicians present.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. April 19.— The Native Sons
of this and other cities had a grand time
last night conferring the Nincompoop de
gree upon a new member. The affair
closed with a banquet.
It transpires that the reduction of in
surance rates given by the compact on
the school buildings of this city was not
gratuitous, but was forced by the low
rates offered by non-compact companies.
At llrst it was endeavored to be imposed
upon the public as an example of gener
osity.
Several applications for admission to
Company G have been received, and if
called upon for service it is expected that
the full strength of the company will be
readily obtained.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All artiE
plsts refund 'the money if it fails- to eim?. 25c.
The genuine has L. li. Q. on each tablet..
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Sale of the Property of
Behrend and Fabian
J oost
Situated in the Mission and
University ( Home
stead.
Recent Sales— A View of the Records,
Auctions and Random
Notes.
The real estate market, which has been
I for the past two weeks in a state of in
action, owing to the war excitement, took
a decided boom last week and recorded
one of the largest transfer deals made in
the city for years.
The entire property of Behrend and
i Fabian Joost and others, constating in
' all of forty-two parcels of land in theMis
| sion and University Extension homestead,
; was bid in at commissioners' sale by
I Nicholas and Henry Ohlandt and John
: A. Buck. The property sold for $203,136 64.
This was on a transaction of both real
and personal property amounting to $239,
: G95 64. The indebtedness was for moneys
advanced, secured by two deeds»of trust,
and covered by a subsequent agreement
between the parties. Full judgment for
$335,935 46 was given in October last, with
interest at 7 per cent. Since then, how
ever, there have been a few redemptions;
and the deficiency judgment now amounts
to $116,734 89, on which CTie interest is still
i being paid. The German Bank receives
■ $20,000 from the sale on a lien not included
In the Ohlandt and Buck judgment.
Cattle men throughout the State are
'■ leasing swamp and overflowed lands
wherever possible. The rent paid for
such land averages 50 cents an acre. In
some instances, however, where the land
was found to be better than the ordinary,
I as much as $1, $2 and $3 has been paid.
! Tracts on Venice Island, on the San Joa
quin, where Wiiiiam Ede has rented 876
! acres through L. G. Harvey to dairymen
at 50 cents an acre, are almost entirely
submerged by water. It is the first time
in twenty-five years that the land has
been made available. The firm of Miller
& Lux has leased 20,000 acres of swamp
land for its cattle through McAfee
Brothers, and 10,000 through other bro
kers. In addition to this land the same
firm and many other Btockmen from the
southern and central portion of the State
are still endeavoring to secure additional
pasturage for their cattle, and sheep men
are renting mountainous land in all parts
of the State for their flocks.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
During the week there were 78 mort
gages and trust deeds recorded, amount
ing to $167,467. For the same period 42
teases and reconveyances passed to rec
1 in the total sum of $123,126. The prin
al mortgages and trust deeds were as
lows:
By the Hibernla Bank to George J. O'Con
nor, $12,000 for one year at 6^ per cent on
property on the northwest corner of Mission
and Twenty-third streets; Security Savings
Bank to Mary E. Marshall. $15,000 for one year
at 7 per cent, on property in Western Addition,
block 803, on northwest corner of Central ave
nue and Washington, north 127:84 by west 120;
Hll.ernia Bank and Loan Society to Mary A.
(.'rirhton. $20,000, on property on the southeast
corner of Nineteenth and Valencia streets,
suuth 60 by east SO.
RECENT SALES.
William J. Bernard to Francis E. M. Bernard,
lot on NE corner of Page and Fillmore streets.
N 100 by E 2".; $5.
Mathew McGowan to Mary A. Crichton, lot
on SE corner of nineteenth and Valencia
streets, S 60 by E SO; $10.
Rose Dugan to Christina Anderson, lot on S\\
corner of Twentieth and Hampshire streets, W
°Christlne' Anderson to Claus and Elizabeth
Tiedemann, same; $850.
Felice Giampollnl to Gisella Giampolini, lot
on N line of Filbert street, 141 W of Dupont
street, W 24 by N 120, together with the right
of way over alley commencing 141 feet \V of
Dupont street and 120 N of Filbert, N 17:6 by
Estate'of Timothy J. Glblin (by John Part
ridge and Robert Day, executors) to Louis
Cranz lot on SE corner of Leavenworth and
Clay streets, E 100 by S 35:6; $12,250.
Maria T. Malson to California TItl« Insurance
and Trust Company, lot on S line of Bush
street, 137:6 W of Leavenworth, V 2<:6 by b
IST* A* $10
John W. and Annie L. Wright to John Mc-
Adoo lot on SE line of Tehama street, 132
SW of First, SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
Charles J. and Josephine M. Parsons to
James C. Robinson, lot on NE line of Zoe
street, 200 NW of Brannan, NW 2o by NE
°James C. Robinson to Josephine M. Parsons,
Bi \Vlliia*m ' J. Bernard to John F. and Francis
E M Bernard, lot on NE line of Oak Grove
avenue, 150 SE of Harrison street, SE 76 by
NE 112" $5.
James Barn' to Margaret M. Barry, lot on
S line of B street. 120 E of West Thirty-first, B
183:1 by E 60, lot 3, block 35, Pleasant View
H Jftraes*ROM to Sarah M. Friohette. lot on NE
corner of Monticello and Shields streets, E 2o
by N 100, lot 8, block 10, City Land Assocla-
Fanny Burnell to Frederick B. Burnell and
W M Edgell, lnt on S corner of G street and
Nlnth'avenue. SW 200. SE 22f,, XE 100. NW 75,
NE 100. SW 150. lots 7 to 11. block 191. South
San Francisco Homestead and Railroad Asso
ciation: $10.
Forrest F. and Effle L. Rowley to Rowley
Investment Company, lots 12 to 44, block 53,
lots 23 to 3S. block 78, and entire block 91.
Stanford Heights block IIS, Sunnyslde addi
tion No. 1: $18.
UNDER THE HAMMER.
The following: sales are reported as
made by Easton & Eldrldge at an auc
tion held at their office yesterday after
noon: A house and lot on west side of
Pierce street, 100 feet south of McAllister,
$12,000; lot on south side of Twentieth
street. 230 feet east of Sanchez, J1GO0; lot
on west side of Castro street, ISS 1-12 feet
north of Surrey. 25x55.
RANDOM NOTES.
The stockholders of the Italian-Swiss Mutual
Loan Association were made happy at their
eleventh annual meeting on Thursday ni^ht,
when Secretary Sbarboro announced that the
630 shares of the first aeries had matured to
the value of $200 a share, a total of $126,000.
The borrowers received release of their mort
gages, and the stockholders of free shares
will receive the amounts due them. The
amount paid in on each share was $132, and the
earnings, making the gross average rate of
interest 9 per cent. The association has been
very cautious in making loans and the appraise
ment committee, which was appointed in ac
cordance with the instructions of the Building
and Loan Commissioners, reported having ex
amined the twelve pieces of property which i
are now owned by the association and upon
which had bfen loaned $40,000. The property \
cost the association at the present time $28,- !
OWI ,"6, and the appraisement committee say
that V is safely worth $27,045 3fi. leaving in
eleven years only a trifling loss of $1035 out of
loans made amounting to $668,015 87. The stock
holders were very much pleased at the result
obtained, and by unanimous vote re-elected all
the present directors, as follows: President,
P. Barbleri; vice-president, Dr. Joseph Pescia:
treasurer, A. Merle: secretary, A. Sbarboro;
attorney,' T>. Freidenrich, and in addition to
the first four named gentlemen P. C. Rossi,
Charles A. Malm, G. B. Cevasco, D. Paroni
and <;. do Luca as directors. The bonks were
then opened for subscription to 1000 shares of
stock of the twelfth series, of which a large
number have already been subscribed.
G H Tmbsen & Co. report the following
list' of recent sales: Christian Kobicke to E.
Buchel. northwest corner 6f FBbert and Tay
lor streets, improvements and lot 30xii»; Anna
and William Osterloh to C. H. Ward, Im
provements at 46 Silver street and lot 25x70;
Maria J Hauhert to W. P. Keyes, improve
ments ami lot 75x76, northwest corner of Sil
ver and Third afreets: Frank Clark" to B»rtlvi
Manser, lot 25x125, S line of Fifteenth street, 150
feel ,-.i.«t of Noe; Agnes Hayes Us L. Stuhr. im
provements and lot 25xSP, east line of Lexing
ton avenue ISS feet south of Eighteenth street;
Eunice Hatch to Henry Ryder, improvements
34 Elgin Park and lot 21x73; Leonard J. Gates
to Henry Bnhls, lnt 25x1*7:6. north line of Fell
street ]°R feet wrst of Masonic avenue: Har
old French to A. Ruef, lot 25x120. west line of
Twenty-fourth avenue. 190:4 north of n street:
Sarah N. Morris to Chnrles B. Wheeler, flats
020 2 O'Farrell street and lot 27:fix?4:6:
George L Carroll to Gertrude M. O'Brien, im
■ - vementa !>O6 Devlsadero street and lot 25x
infl- C H Stone to Leopold Welnstein, im
provements and lnt 100x7.1. north line of Silver
n venue 110 feet east of King street: Laura M.
Blair estate to William Price, improvements
1131 Mission street, and Capp street 285 feet
Booth or Seventeenth, 50x245. two frontages;
I aura M Blair estate to G. B. Oapurrn, undi
vided one-half interest in lot 0. block 33. West
Fml map 1: Margaret Toomev estnte I'2l Treat
avenue. Improvements and lot 25x112:6.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Pr. Dunn. 3 50- foot lots on SW corner of Tele
graph avenue and Broadway, Oakland; $1800.
Frederic* Hahn and F. W. Weyler, lot on
'Auction Sales
FURNITURE 47 ROOMS.
THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), at 11 A. M.
1046 FOLSOM ST., NEAR SEVENTH.
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
corner of Adeline and Forty-first streets, 148
by IS6, Oakland; $4000.
William Tennant • purchased a 5-room house
on Forty-sixth street, Alden Tract; $SOO.
Charles Laudeck, house and lot on corner of
Sixth street and Bourbon avenue, Golden Gate
- McEmsley of Berkeley purchased 3 50-foot
lots In "Teachers' Tract," Berkeley; $SOO.
li. C. and Mary E. Morris to Ervin S. nap
man, lot on E line of Filbert street, 185.1^3
of : West Sixteenth, S 50 by E 125, block ; 594,
Galindo Vact, Oakland; 310. _■;.. -_• -._■ .
Mary Lellah Yarde-Buller to E. H. Wake
man (trustee), undivided 1-3 of following: Block
135, block 200, lot 200, beginning at a point
where the center line of Ninth street divid
ing the marsh from the dry land and running
S along the line dividing the marsh land from
the dry land; thence S toN line of Seventh
street. E to patent line of Vicente Peralta or
San Antonio Rancho; thence N to a point
where the center line of Ninth street extended
E intersects the said patent line; thence W
to beginning, containing .91 of an acre and be-
Ing contiguous to and E of blocks 200 and 201
Oakland (subject to certain conditions): **.
y^^v Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J A^JfU 625 KEABNT ST. Established
H nr^aiS ln I * S4 for the treatment of ITivate
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ti'jr* KGABXT NT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
CwsMSenß?** disease veari neon body and mind and
iwlffi Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
«i^irawKsg;* others fall. Try him. Charges low.
55fcwS&iS3 C niT»»uaranrf rd. Call orwrlte.
I>r. .1. v. *. IS'.. iffS, Bos 1957. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.*
P OCEAN TRAVEL
IBBIIIA Tne S.S.ALAMEDA
IbHHIi sails via Honolulu and
w»*«a»«« Auckland for Sydney
M — -■ Thursday, April 21,
(jjX I• •> at 2p. m. .
)sTWmCh|nc) S. 8. ZEALANDIA.
CylCdlllJlllU^ for HONOLULU only,
■ /ofnRJIPH^ Wednesday, May 4,
VyilljyUlWp 2 p. m. Special party
• " • rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office — Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fl^^__ Steamers leave Broadway
raßjfetev wharf, San Francisco:
1 Inß^Q^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
f&KrflKa April 1, 6, 11. 16, 21. 26, May 1,
I HfCKlgga transfer at Seattle.
i R*£*T*!ie«Sl or Alaskan ports (from
r^SKSwSaH Spear Ftreet wharf), 13 a. m.
•• April 8, IS, 23, May 3, transfer
at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town
eend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. April t 6,
11 16 21 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after,' connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. By., at Vancouver with
C P Ry v '-■"'* "-V
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.,
April 2, 8, 14. 20. 28. May 2. and every sixth
I Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. San Simeon.
Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., April 1. «
21 26 May 1, and every fifth day there
' connecting at Seattle with this com
r s steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. a
ma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with
; Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m.
I 2, 8. 14, 20, 26. May 2. and every sixth
• Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo)
Gav^ta/ Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) an
Newport, 9 a. m.. April 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
am. April 1, 5. 9, 13, 17. 21. 25, 29, May 3, an
every fourth day thereafter.
For En?enada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. April 12.
and W of each month thereafter. „,,.__-
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing.-
TICKET OFFICE—4 New Montgomery street
( *GOODAIJL.? PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agt...
10 Market street. San Francisco.
~THE 0. R. & N. co,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
: From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
IAIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
r,..-,,, ....April 18, 27
i"»«i tVvn hi n ". — April el, 30
State of California April 24. May 3
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to c - WARD ; General - Agent,
630 Market st-
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantics,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 .»orth r-"VTrr
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <T7:fIT. *S
by this line avoid both transit byJ""**
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class, *160;
second class. $116.
LA GASCOGNE April 23, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE May 7, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE May 21, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent. • ■•
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye. , San Francisco. «
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers Ohio, Pe:...sylvanla, Illinois. Indi-
ana, 3400 tons. Conemaugh. 2100 tons (formerly
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
6 S. Ohio, June 15. S. S. Indiana. June 22.
S fe. Pennsylva-:n June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fleet of new and
modern steamers and barges on .the Yukon
River through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telejhone.' Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS and SANTA CRUZ
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p., m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c;
to San Jose, 7".c. Clay street. Pier L 41 North
First street. San Jose. ' ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
f===£Ss! CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
nJtnjpl^jj^^figljinll SAN FRANCISCO
IIwSH-wS~A!SAJiffWBHiII puiPAon
:|a^Me»ia<aa»J[JßW| CHIuAGUi
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Rcom Sleepers,
Z% days to Chicago, 414 days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying l'ullmaii
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connc" i, In Chicago . and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arri- and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Fran Isco ticket office, 6.1 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1620. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office. 201 J street. Ban Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, - Commencing September
19. 1597.
.WEEK-DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:30.
. 11:30 a. m. ; '1:45, 3:45, *0:15, 6:00,6:30 p. in.
Extra trips for San Rafael- on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. '
For Mill Valley - and San Rafael— ' »10:00.
•11:30 a. m. »1:15, 3:00,.*4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. ;.:
. : - -■. . ; THROUGH TRAINS.
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
-•Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
, Sundays for Point Reyes- and way' stations. .
SPECIAL SALE !
2ets. _fc*s £&
FRIDAY April 22
At 11 o'clock at
EMPORIUM SALEYARD,
220 Valencia St., bet. 13th and 14th.
By order of the Sonora Mill and Minincr
Compary we will sell at public auction 60 head
of well broken horses; sale positive; stock must
be sold at any price. Now at yard.
SULLIVAN <* DOYLE.
Livestock Auctioneers.
Office, 327 Sixth St.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
sovTiir.it* pacific coariHT.
(PACIFIC KVHTKM.)
Train* 1c«t« it ml nrr <!■■« to nrrlve at
NAN lI!*MIS(<>. _
' (Main Line. Foot of Market Street) *~
IKATI — From April 10, 1898. — arriv^
•6:0»a Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... »8:43 a
7:004 Benicia. Suisun and Sacramento.... 10:45 a
7:OOa Marysville, Oroville and Redding via
Woodland 5:45f
7to0 A Vacavilleand Rumsey 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Naps,
CaJistoga and Santa Rosa ' 6:1 Si 1
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Knit.. Si43r
ktUOA Kites, San Jose, Stockton, love,
Sacramento, ' Marysville, C'kico,
Tehania and Ito.l Kind 4«IBp
••:30a Peters, Milton and Oakdale *?:13*
9<UOA New Orleans ICipresi, Merced, Ray-
mond, Fieauo, Bakerslieid. Santa .
Karliara, I«s Angeles, Dewing,
El Paso, New Orleans arid East. 6:43*
9:00 a Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno I«:15p
Sacramento River Steamers *»:OOr
' 1 :0«r N!les, Ban Jose and Way Stations. . *9s4Sa
1:S0f Martinez and Way Stations 7i45r
2:00p Li»ermore, Mendota. Hanford and
Visalia «v 4:15*
....... Uvermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations JI«sl»A
4ioor Martinez, San Uanioii, Vallejn, . f
, Naiia, Oulistog-, IB Verano and *•
. & Santa Idisa tilß*
4i«*p Benicia, VacaTille, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, MarysTille, Oro-
vill« ami Kacr»ineiito 10:48 a
l:30p Riles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1 8r
4:30r Latbrop, Modesto. Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsburg),
Santa Uarlnira and l.o* Angeles.. 7i45a
4iSOp Santa F« Route. Atlantic Impress
for Mojave and Mast 6»4S*
V3:3or " Sunset Limited." Los Angeles. El
Paso, Fort Worth. Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10:15 a
«&5:30p " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and East {lOiIBa
6iOOp Knropeau Mail. Ogden and Vast.... 0:45 a
OMMIp Hay wards, Nile* and Han Jose 7i4S A
t8:00p Valiejo t?:4sp
SiUoi> Oregon Heiress, Sacramento. Marys-
Tille, Keddiiig, Portland, . l'uget
Sound ami KHst 8i1»a
' SAM LfcANOKO AM) IMYWAItII.S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) « .
i*0:OOA I 7:15 a
,• 8:00 a Helrose, Seminary Park, *J2 S «'*"
io : oet I Fltclibmrir, Elmliurst, ! 45 t
<U:00a I Ban Lemidro, South San 1 ? : 45 r
tl2:00M i ie , n dro,Estudlllo, |a!«p
t3:6op \ Loremo, Cherry ■ g|4»,
SiOOp ! *'"' 6:15*
si3Op i Hajward*. /2 : i?*
7:00r ' 8:4»p
8:00p < Runs through to Nilei. ,n'»2 P
0:00p tFromNllea IO:5Op
COAST IMVIMON (Nnrroir Uaiigc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:osp
■ 8:13 a Newark, Cen terrille. San Jose, ton.
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Btations B»30p
<2:15f Newark, CeDterville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crnz and Principal Way
Stations ; «I0:50a
4:lspSan Jose and Olenwood 0:20*
a4:lsp Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz jU:2<»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FR4SCISCO— of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a. {1:03 ■'2:00 13:00
•4:00 tS:CO •6:00r.«.
rrsm OilUKD— Foot or Broadwiy.— "6:Co 8:00 10:00*.M.
|12:00 '1:00 {2:00 -3:03 {1:00 ■»B:Oa>.M.
' " COAST DIVISION (Broad (iauge). <O
* (Third and Townseml Sts.)
~ »7:00 X Han .lose ami Way StutimiH (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) itSOp
{7:30 a Sunday Eicuision for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe I and
Principal Way Stations ..1 {8:33?
 »:OOa Han .lose. Ties Pines, Hants Cruz,
Pacilic <iro»e. Paso Rubles, Sail
J,ui.i Oliinpo, Ciiiaiialuiie, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
■ O:4Oa Shu .lose and \V»y Station! »H:OOa
1Ii»Oa San Ji>ae and Wny .Stations *Bi33a
*a:43rBan Mateo. Redwood, M.-nlo Park.
Hants Clara. San .lose, Gilroy,
v Hollister. Santa Cn«, Salinas,
Monterey and l'ttcilic Or<"«\ *10:33 a
*2>3Op San .lose,' " ' •
and Way Stul.fon »O:«Oa
•4ilBi- San Jose and Principal Way .Stations 9:43*
•3:O«r San Jose and Principal Way SUtions 6:35 a
S:SOp Sail Jose ami Principal Way Stations s:.'t«p
O:»Op San Jos'- and Way .Stations 7:30p
t11;43p San .lose mid Way Stations, 7:30p
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
•Similars excepred. J Sundays only. ( SutiiriUyH only
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday night* only.
*U Thursdays. 3 Saturdays and Sundays.
I Saturdays^ J Sundays and Moniinys
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlbnron Ferry. Feet of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— • 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a. m. 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. ■
SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.
12:45, 3:40,- 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 and 6:25. p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
game schedule as above. | •
Leave ■ » _ -»»«» Arrive
Pan Francisco. Oct IX' San Prancl * sa
Week I, Sun- Tv»-u?itlon ■ ' Sun-, ' Wee
Days. I days. Dea^natlon daya- | daya ,
7 30a.m. !B :ooa7mJ 'Novato. 10:40 a.m. ' 8:40 a.m.
8:80 p.m. 9:30 a.m. ' Petaluma. ' 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
D:lop.tn. s :oUp.m. | Santa Rosa. ' 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
I i»a»m. i Fulton.
Windsor. 10:25a.nL
Healdsburs,
Lytton.
Geyservllte,
:30p.m. S^Wa.m. Cloverdale. i 7 :35 p.m. I g:2?p.m.
■ ■ • 1 - lUopland and I
7:30a.m.|3-00a.m.| Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. :23p.m.
7:30 a.m. : ■: ] ] j15":25a.a».
8:00 a.m. Guerneyllle. ! 7:35 p.m.
850 p.m. ! I 6:23 p.m.
•~JUa~m.)S:lloa.rii.| Sonoma j 10:40 a.m. ] B:4Ua.ta.
. ■ . . and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. ' Glen Ellen. i 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :80 a.m. 18:00 a.m. 1 o-ba.^nQi |10:»0a.m. 10:25a.m
B:3op.m.[sqiop.m.l SeDaßtcpoL ■ j 7:85 p.m. 7:22p.ra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper . Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Boonvllle.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Brags, ■ Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street, Chronlcla
building.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Prea. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1887. train* will run a*
tollowa:
From September 10. 1897, trains will run aa
follows: : • '
.Southbound. I 1 Northbound.
Passen- ' Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Stations Sunday ger
Daily Excepted ' Excepted Dally
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m. 12:50p.m. 1 Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno j 9:30 a.m. 2:200.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford 9:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12-ripm. 6:45 p.m.! Visalia ] 6:40 a.m.|12:40p.m.
Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
q_lred. • . • -
■ Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced with
stages to and from'SnelHngs, Coulterville. etc. ;
■also with stage for Hornitos, Mariposa, etc.
at Lanltershim with stage to and from Madera.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
- (Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
13. 1597: ;:, .- " :-■■- '■: ■ "■ '■ ■■. '
■.Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. - -
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Market
street, San ■ Francisco. - ■-:; ■"■'■;.
1112
LANDED IN
PRISON WITH
HIS BOOTY
William Burroughs,
an Opium Fiend,
Under Arrest.
Was Captured in Oakland
After an Exciting
Chase.
Accused of Entering Several
Houses in the Western
Addition.
EVIDENCE OF HIS GUILT.
The Police Ara Jubilant «nd It Is
Proposed to Have a Speedy
Trial.
The police are more than jubilant. For
days, weeks and even months detectives
have been anxiously working to locate
the chief agent in certain burglaries, hold
ups and even highway robberies, and It
Is thought that the desperate character
is at last behind the bars of the City
Prison, or rather confined In the ranks,
where desperate men are usually detained.
Last evening William Burroughs was
taken into the office of the Chief of Police
with handcuffs on his hands, as those in
charge of the prisoner were well aware
of the desperate character of their pris
oner.
For two or more flays the sleuths have
been on the track of the man charged
with many crimes, and yesterday after
noon he was followed to Oakland. After
the arrested man had been followed
throughout the city for a few hours he
was told to surrender, and he was man
acled after a rather desperate struggle.
No trouble was Experienced while cross
ing the bay, and' when searched at the
office of the Chief of Police many articles
of value, including some rare jewelry,
were taken from Burroughs and locked
up in the safe.
The man who was arrested tells a pitiful
tale of poverty and craving for morphine,
and states that while he has attempted
to resist temptation to take what did
not belong to him. he has been led on to
commit wrongful acts through his desire
to obtain the coveted drug.
He, presented a pitiful sight, as he
seemed aware of the fact that his line
had been drawn to a conclusion.
The police are well satisfied with the
arrest and are confident that thej have
arrested the criminal who had caused
them so much worry during the past few
norths.
The arrested man is wpl l known by
many druggists in the city, who are ;
aware of the criminal's condition, and
many of them state that he would not j
hesitate to murder to gain h;s end. "When
the Chief's office was visited it was at !
first supposed that a "dope"' fiond had
been arrested <>n a technicality, but as !
the history of the man was told those J
In charge of the office secretly stowed
the prisoner away in the tanks and will
await a trial to bring out the full extent j
of crimes perpetrated by Burroughs.
Haggard, pale, yet full of determination j
and desire, Burroughs was locked away, i
but repeatedly asked for morphine and
stated that he would again take a chance
of arrest to gain but one single dose nf
morphine, which is slowly taking his !
life away. For many days the police
have been carefully watching him, and it
is supposed he was about to leave the i
State when arrested.
GENERAL DUGGAN
FOUND GUILTY
He Is Convicted by a Jury in
Judge Wallace's
Court.
Little Alice Loy Tells a Revolting
Story on the Witness
Stand.
George Spurgeon Duggan, the man who
posed as general of a so-called religious
organization and the story of whose crim
inal and vicious connections with Alice
Loy, an innocent child but 7 years of age,
was first told in The Call of March 5, was
yesterday morning convicted in Judge
Wallace'? court of the crime of felonous
assault.
The story of Duggan's actions which
was brought out in the Police Court trial
was so vile, so reeking with all that is
vulgar and demoralizing, that even the
doors of the Police Court, where nothing
elevating Is ever seen or heard, were
closed against the morbidly curious mob
which, ever alert for that which Is sensa
tional, surged against its doors.
Little Alice was placed on the stand,
and In her simple, childish way told her
story, scarcely realizing the enormity of
the crimes with which she was charging
the man who pretended to lead a band
the very name of which stood for all that
was good and elevating. How this army
was nothing but an organization of un
principled men and women living on the
sham of the religion which they dis
graced; how the very leader of the band,
on Christmas day— that great day of all
days In the Christian year— had taken
her into a house on Grant avenue and in
her childish ignorance and innocence most
cruelly wronged her. The whole revolt
ing story, or at least as much of it as is
fit for publication, has already been told
in these columns, and the child's story
was but a verification of the facts al
ready made public.
The innocent, childish story was so con
vincing that after a short deliberation
the jury returned a verdict of guilty, and
the man who has been convicted of' being
a human monster of the vilest kind will
shortly come up for the sentence and be
forced to pay the penalty for the crime
he so artfully sought to hide under the
guis<> of religious fanaticism. The child
has already been placed in the care of
competent persons, who will do all In
their power to obliterate any trace of the
seeds of evil implanted in her by the
self-styled leader of the Army of Jesus
Christ.
IN HONOR OF BUNKER HILL.
Arrangements Made to Celebrate the
One Hundred and Twenty-third
Anniversary of the Battle.
Joint executive committees from the
"Runker Hill Association," "Sons of
Vermont" and "Sons of the American
Revolution" met last evening In the
Occidental Hotel for the purpose of
making arrangements for the cele
bration of the 123 rd anniversary of the
battle of Bunker Hill. Committees were
appointed and it was decided to hold
the celebration on June 17 at Los Gatos.
Those present were: \V. Q. Badger,
chairman; G. W. Caswell, secretary ; S.
G. Chever, assistant secretary; Judge E.
A. Belcher, A. O. Col ton, George Par
tridge. Dr. 8. H. Roberts, U A. Hay
wards, A. O. Perkins. M. T. Ellinwood,
William Mullner, H. Baker, William
Metener, H. YV. Clark, Henry Bulen, F.
Anthes, A. F. Whalton, G. W. Kuehn and
Robert Vandercook.
Invitations have been sent to the prin
cipal patriotic organizations of the coast
risking thorn to tnko part in the celebra
tion, find it If thought by those who have
the affnJr unilor way that the celebration
will excel any attempt heretofore made.
Strike of the Printers.
There Is practically no change in the |
eituation of the striking printers. The
strike committee sees all kinds of vie- j
tories in the near future, while the Typo- j
thetae claims that there is no strike on— |
at least so far as ita members are con- |
cerned. Whenever a member of the
Typothetae is interviewed he says that
so far as he Is concerned there Is no
strike; the offices are funning and the
work is being turned out the same as
usual. The printers tell stories of work
and machinery being spoiled by the in
competent men and these stories are as
promptly denied by the employers. The
union men claim that the strike will be
ended within a very short time and the
employers claim that it cannot be ended
BO far* as they are concerned, as they re- '■
fuse to longer recognize the men who j
were formerly in their employ. Organ-
Iver Galvin has appointed eight deputies
from among the local men to help in car
rying on the fight and Deputy Organizer
Rogers has arrived from Sacramento and
will lend his assistance in the aggressive
campaign.
Republicans Organize.
A Republican club was organized at
Ocean View last night. There was a large
and enthusiastic attendance and the fol
lowing officers were elected: President,
N. F. Taylor; vice-president, C. P. Rob
bins; secretary Thomas Johnson; treas
urer, A. E. Holloway; sergeant at arms,
Joseph Thompson; enrollment committee
— S. Alexander, George Sanger, W. Wolf:
executive committee — James Gray, Fred
Gehring, A. J. Crawford, A. Desdan, Ed
Craven, James Irwin, Thomas Qulnn,
John Lord, C. F. Jordan.
The meeting adjourned after three
cheers for the party to assemble again
at the call of the chairman.
HOTEL 'ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
S Gerson, Sacto R Graves, Los Ang
J Weil, Sacto M Hopkins. Stockton
Mrs Burke. Cal Miss Hopkins, Stcktn
I>r Denel. Benicla W Bray, Neb
Mrs Denel, Benicla C Rocco, Omaha
W Nlssen. Salem J F Durke. Redlands
Mr-s Nlaaen, Salem Sirs M Hunt, Cal
C Nissen. Salem F A Spitzer, S Jose
J Tibbetts, Chicago Mrs Wheeler, Peoria
J Graves, S J.»se J Maggard, Cal
J Brown, Napa D Jackson, Cal
J Coleman, Marysvlle Mrs Ruggen, ('a!
■W Tinnin. Fresno W Douglas, Martine*
J B Wotter, S Diego W Buckman. Sacto
J Johnson. S Diego I A Stewart, Cal
J N Hiller, Cal R N Blossom. Cal
C C Knight, Cal H M Deed, Reedley
X Bush, Spokane iMrs Meatgard. 11l
C H Norton, Sutter ■ J Gray & w. Stcktn
E B Newark, S Diego W L^lta, Stockton
J \V Hart, S Diego J Bird, Merced
M Goli-smith, Stcktn I
PALACE HOTEL
C H Smith, Jamestwn , Baroness yon Schroeder
H Clawson, Salt Lake & md, San Rafael
E G Snow &w, NT R C Kerens, St Louis
J H Pierce. Buffalo Miss X Kerens, St La
C A Carpenter. N V A\V Soper. N V
R M Powers, San Dleg Mrs A W Soper, N V
N 1' Nelson, Chicago Miss Soper, N V
W Emerson. Chicago J Gatchel. New York
H G B.>nd. Santa Clara JH Pomeroy, Stanford
W I. Barnum & w. IliU H Dewey, Providence !
R W Hill. Los Ang A E Pal Hard. N V
E II Fliutsch, Germny G Varreliman, N V
Miss R H Lelghton. 11l J G Hoeflick, Clncln
Mrs J S Wheeler. 11l Mrs W D Colburn, 111
Ml^3 M Jansen, N V IMrs J A Guth, Peorla
Baron yon Schroeder, Mrs A B Putnam, 111
San Rafael IF Leonard. Nevada
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C L Duffy. Utah P Crews, Redding
R Smith. Fresno J Parry. Sacto
.! Williams. Cal H E Haskins. Wis
'■ .7 Moran. I/is Gatos J Corn, Rockford
R Davis, San Jose IJ E Fountain&w, Cal i
M F Donaldson. Nev -iR Lovell. Santa Cruz j
J Murphy. Stockton P Watson, Nebr
C Ferguson, Fresno .1 B Nagle. Chgo
M J Maloney, Modesto C M Smith. Vallejo
M Crowley, Vallejo |P Anderson, Stockton
L Veerhoff. Toronto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J Hatch. San Jose F F Hamilton&w Cal
M Harris, Monterey W B True & w, S Jose I
J Abrahamson. Oakld 3 S Davies, N V
1! \V Ogllvie, N V H O Mathews. Stocktn
R D Cronk, Chgo Mrs I Holle, Stockton
c Edwards N V Miss Ketohum, Stocktn
\ B Dowdell, PtHelenaiF F Find & w, Cloverd
F H BTkey&w Sacto 1.1 M T Little. Is V
A R Bingham.£-\v. Pa
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, April 19.
Schr Helen N Klmball, Guttormsen; 4*4 days
from Grays Harbor.
Schr .ta_« A Garfleld, Franke, 44 1 * days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 11 hours from
Moss Landing.
Stmr State of California, Green, 49 hours fm
Portland, and Astoria 40M> hours.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
F.l'REKA— Arrived April 19— Stmr North
Fork, hence April is.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open v Ml 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
J261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
I MISSION IxxJge No. 169. F. and A. M— ■
• called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _J\^
EVENING, n- 7:30 o'clock. Third I >c- TV
gree. C. D. BUNKER, Secretary. /^T>
i EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ■
M. -Special meeting THIS (WEDNES- _/\_
DAY) EVENING. April 20, at 7:30 X3T
o'clock. Second Degree. ' >
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
1 CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. ■
M. -Third degree THIS EVENING, J\^
April 20, at 7:30 o'clock. By order of T\K.
the Master. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. '^T^
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- ■>
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be *Tl| * \
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- Pr^ '
ING, April 20, at B'nai B'rith Hall, Lfjy
121 Eddy st. A full attendance re- Jm
quested. Business of importance.
E. J. BRANDON, President. W
! TRIUMPH LODGE NO. ISO. A. O. U. .v^Br*
W.— Officers and members: You artl £«(?&=
1 notified to meet at your halltreiJEs-
WEDNESDAY. April 20. at 1:20 p. m., MSpv>
for the purpose of attending the funeral of
our late brother, G. F. BAPPIN.
OSCAR FORSBERC,. M. W.
J. H. CALLRAN, Recorder.
AUSTRIAN BENEVOLENT SO- -J*. "
CIETY meets WEDNESDAY. April »*KE&
20, at S [». in. sharp, for Important IllPj§ff*r
business and appropriation. By or- '9jfS£T
I der. M. SCANATICH. President.
A. CONNICH. Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Ko,l Branch— Most Imp
portant meeting THIS EVENING k"a
(Wednesday). April 20. The committeeluX*
. arranging for the society's picnic. r
which will be held at Shell Mound Park, j
Berkeley, on Sunday, May 1, 1898, will also
meet this evening. THE PRESIDENT.
DIVIDEND NOTICES^
DIVIDEND NOTICE -Dividend NoTl?b~7n7ty
cents per share) of the Ocianic Steamship
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Mon-
I day. May 2, IS9S. Transfer books will close
| on Tuesday, April 26. ISM, at 12 o'clock m
j E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
I OFFICE of thn Flrf^ian'a Fund Insurance
Company, San Francisco, April 18, 1898— At a
regular meeting of the board of directors of
this company held this day a dividend was
declartd, payable on and after April 20 1898
BERNARD_FAYMONVILLE. Sec
DIVIDEND Notice^Dividend N0.^54 (forty
cents per share) of the HUTCHINSON !
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be '
| payable at the office of the company 327 I
Market St. on and after Wednesday, April
20. 1898. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, April 14, 1898, at 3 o'clock p m
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES^
NOTICE is hereby given SaT the~7oiio'wln7
orphans, half-orphans and abandoned girls '
have been received at Maria Kip Orphanage
from January 1 to April 1. 1898: Adah Lois
M .X? e v, en> a S e 3 years; Mar >" Josephine ,
O'Neill, age 3 years 1 month; Ida Brown age
9 years 8 months; Fannie Lowans, age 9
years; Pauline Brown, age 6 years 10 months-
Millicent Hunting-ton. ;.»,-•• 4 years.
MISS R. CLEVELAND~fronT~thir East-Baths"
massage; assistants. 995 Market, near Sixth"
room 14. » *
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made- '
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., Hi Montgomery et., room 6; tel. 6580
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
AMERICAN Battalion; Independent ; military
organization. For membership apply at head-
quarters, 927 Market St.. room 609. GEO. W.
JOHNSON, acting major. .
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 917
Market St., rooms 11 and 12, second floor.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; elec-
tric vapor. 204 Sutter st. ; 2d floor. ■
FOR adoption, healthy baby boy of 10 months.
Address 3366, Call office.
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St.. room 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50: whitened, $1. 343
Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room iO, second floor front. .
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
j 215 Kearny St., room 2. ,
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths, ny, TurK and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor St.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
REFINED woman, with a child, desires situa-
tion; good cook and housework: best refer-
ences; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
REFINED French nurse and second girl de-
sires situation; 2 years last place; city or
; country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT. French cook desires situation;
best city references. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation; $10 to $15;
ref.; nurse or housework. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
LADIES requiring competent servants can be
supplied promptly at C. R. HANSEN &
CO.'S, 104 Geary st. ; telephone Grant 185.
j NUMBER of neat Scandinavian cooks and sec-
ond girls want work In American families.
| C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SWEDISH house girl; strong and willing; good
cook: $15; best references; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations; cooks, second girls, chambermaids
and housegirls for city and country. MRS.
NORTON, 323 Sutter St.; tel. Green 721.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332, a
number of first-class girls await positions.
FRENCH second girl, also German cook, best
of references, desire situations. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE yofing lady would like to
spend the summer in the country with re-
fined people; am willing to do light duties,
teach music and sew; small compensation.
Address MARGARET HALE, box 336*. Call.
EASTERN widow (elderly) desires position on
ranch, cooking for few men or In small fam-
i ly in this city; has good city reference;
wages $12 per month. Call 268 Stevenson St.,
. below Fourth.
COMPETENT woman will do housework or
downstairs work: is good cook and laundress;
kind to children. Please call 79 Jessie st.,
bet. First and Second.
| MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation as
housekeeper; is a good seamstress; will care
for Invalid; no objection to children. 6 Thir-
teenth st., near Harrison.
FIRST-CLASS American cook; Is kind to chil-
dren; is good housekeeper; will do some
washing; city or country; good baker. Call
at 129 Third St., room 7.
SITUATION wanted by English woman as
house and parlor maid; good references. A.
H.. 1726 Eighteenth aye.. South San Fran-
cisco.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable woman
to do chamberwork and waiting in the city
or country; best of reference. Call at 261
Tehama st.
AMERICAN girl wishes position In San Mateo
to mind 1 or 2 children; American family;
wages moderate. Address 8., Call Branch
Office, 357 Hayes st.
POSITION wanted to do general housework;
city or short distance in country: wages
moderate; kind to children. Box 3316, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation in small family
to do housework or mind one baby; $12 to
$15 month. Address box 48S, Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work by the
day or will do cleaning; would wash flannels
at home. Address box 1803, Call office.
GERMAN ~lrl wishes situation for upstairs
work end wait on table. SOO Larkin St., cor-
ner O'Farrell.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
j housework In a small American family; ref-
erence. Box 1813, Call office.
YOUNG Irish girl wishes to do light housework
in small family. Call at 1155 Folsom aye.; no
letters or postals answered. •
j FIRST cook and laundress would like situa-
tion In country. 118 Wlldey St., off Stelner,
bet. Bush and Pine.
WANTED— Position as visiting or resident
governess; experienced; university honors.
Box 1814, Call Office.
WOMAN wants situation to help In private
family or hotel; city; wages $10. 148 Sixth ;
St.. room 124.
GERMAN girl wishes to do general house- !
work. 148 Sheridan St., between Harrison i
and Folsom.
MIDDLE-AGED English woman wishes house-
work; private family; good plain cook. Ad-
dress box 1800, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by woman In the country.
Box 3173, Call Office.
< JAPANESE girl wants a position at house-
, work or nurse In this city. RIN, 525 Jessie st.
YOUNG woman would like a few hours' work
a day in exchange for room. Box ISO 6, Call.
YOUNG girl to do general housework; wages
$15. 52 Clementina st.
GIRLS to learn hairdressing, halrwork, mani-
cure and electric facial treatment. MME.
DELLA FAUST, 9% Stockton St., S. F.
WANTED— Position by a woman of 40; good
cook and laundress or would do housekeep-
ing. 1024 Howard St., near Sixth, room 15.
WOMAN would like a few more days' work
office or house cleaning; best of reference.
Call or address MRS. X., 88 Converse st.
! YOUNG girl wants situation for second work
or waiting: city references; 2 years last place.
Address 731 Folsom st.
NEAT German girl wishes place as chamber-
maid or nursegirl; no objection to country.
Address S. V., 60 Manchester st. .
COMPETENT girl wishes position at general
housework; light washing; wages $25. 1205
Laguna st.
COMPETENT srlrl wishes a situation to do
housework; good cook. 513 McAllister st.
GERMAN woman wishes a few .more places
to wash by the day. Call or address MRS.
BADAER, 7!« Clementina St., near Second.
SMART jrirls to learn tailoring; pay while
learning*. 291 Natoma st., near Fourth.
STRONG woman wishes housecleanlng by the
day or nursing. Address 1200 Larkin Ft.
WANTED— By respectable woman, position as
housekeeper in small family or widower's
family with children; reliable person; country
no objection. Call or address 423 Hyde st.
YOUNG German woman wishes a place In a
lodging-house or general light housework. 4
McCormack st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
governess, highly educated In English;
ref. ex.; $20. 1271 Seventh aye.. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS cook, day or month; city or j
country. Address 191b Buchanan st. |
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from the East will
sew in families; $2 50 per day. 231 Clement
St.. telephone 1781 Stelner. nl
HEALTHY woman with fresh breast of milk
would like infant to nurse; references. Ad-
dress H. J., box 3166,'. Call Office.
WANTED- Washing, Ironing or house-clean-
ing by the day; good reference. MRS. M. E.
JENSEN, 15 Minna st. E-
LADY would like position as housekeeper or I
traveling companion to an invalid; good ref-
erences; home 10 to 1 and evenings. Address
MRS. QUINBY, 619 Eddy st. Address
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do general
housework;, wages. {15. Call 3214 Guerrero st.
SITUATION' as . bookkeeper by a lady of 10
years' experience: good references. Address '
. 8., box 1. Ca|l office. Oakland.
RESPECTABLE "educated woman wishes to go
to Alaska .with reliable, party as cook" wait-
ress or housekeeper; capable and trustful- Al
references; strictly business. Box 3359, Call.
WANTED— Any kind of sewing: family mend-
ing; children s work: terms reasonable Ad-
dress Seamstress. 405 Turk. St.
WANTED— Position as governess or lady's
companion by a well educated woman- music
French, drawing and painting. Address box
3255, Call office.
DRESSMAKER desires a few engagements in
i private families, or will take work at her
; home. First-class cutter and fitter- b-st ref-
erence MRS. CHAPMAN, SOS Twenty-sev-
; enth st., bet. San Pablo and West, Oakland.
' i
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years)
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. -414'^; O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426. ,
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm' t Office; choice
help; tel. ■ Grant 6<" Geo. Aokl. ,30 Gear- st.
SITUATION wanted by > a young man at gen-
eral-, work; also handy with tools; objects to
. . horses. ; Address •J. ? EULEY, room n. Oak-
land House, 664V4 Howard st.
' ' -' - . ■ I-.----..-:'--.-------. ~'i- --M- "■"' - - ' ■' ' - ■,-"■""'■•'"-'.'■
SITUATIO.NS WANTED— Continued.
COACHMAN and gardener by young Dane; un-
1 derstands care of horses; can milk, run gaso-
line engine; sober and Industrious; 4 years'
reference from last place. A. J., 434 Jessie.
WANTED— By steady, reliable man, work in
butcher shop, grocery or vegetable store; un-
derstands care of horses. Address 20 Ritch
St., near Folsom.
ELDERLY man wishes situation; private fam-
ily; care of horses and garden; handy with
tools: in or outside work. Add. 1200 Larkin.
BY young married man, job as engineer or fire-
man; 6 years' experience; understands care of
dynamo. Box 3171, Call office.
SECOND hand and bread, cake, can work as
foreman, wishes situation in city or country.
Address 715 Howard St., room 4S.
COOK, good on pastry, desires position; bach-
elors or small boarding house; wages moder-
ate. H. ANDERSON, 1312 Green St.
FINE Japanese cook who Is skillful for pastry
and meat; in country family or ranch.
Address SEN TAX. 431 Stevenson st.
PIANO player or barkeeper would like work
In the country- L. SLATER, 797 Mission st.
ENGINEER Is open for position. Address box
1807. Call Office.
YOUNG man wishes to learn trade In horse-
shoeing shop. Add. 2425 Mission: tel. Blue 441.
TO Architects— Position wanted as clerk of
works or superintendent; 10 years' European
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a boy of 13 to do any-
thing. Address 18^ Geneva st.
BOOKKEEPER wishes employment; has ex-
perience and the best of references. Address
box 3312, Call office.
COOK— Middle-aged man with some experience
as baker wishes to learn to cook. Box 3350,
Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class laundryman, wants a
situation in private family In city or coun-
try. T. MIWIA. 521 Jessie st.
TWO young men want work as night cook,
porter, vegetable man. dishwasher, sliver
man In restaurant or saloon. MAX JACOB,
737 Mission st. Phone Main 5380.
PAPERHANGER with tools, painter, etc.,
wants work; day or contract; best references.
ANTOINE, 335 Fourth st.
MAN 40 years old wants position as watchman
or nurse. 431 Pine st.
WANTED— PIace by steady first-class German
cook: city or country. 107 Eighth st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a carpenter for hotel,
hospital, etc.; is handy with all kinds of
tools. CHARLES GLUCKLICH, 580 Natoma.
WANTED— By experienced man, employment
1 or 2 days a week collecting rents: will fur-
nish rig; reference. Address box 32D3, Call.
WANTED— Position as stableman; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; not afraid of
wark, or eatable of taking charge; long ex-
perience; 5 years last place. Box 5353. Call.
MAN and wife want situations to take care
of gentleman's place; woman first-class
cook : man good teamster, farmer, under-
stands vineyard and wine cellar and general
work. Address box 3207, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes employment In sausage
factory or pork packing: good experience;
references. Address box 3250, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Vhlrd st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night: $150 to $8
week; convenient _nd respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from fer y.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
HEAD waitress. $2.". to $30 and 2 side wait-
resses, $20, summer resort; 2 waitresses,
south, $20 and fare advanced; waitress, Vlsa-
lia, $20 and fare advanced; 3 waitresses, dif-
ferent country hotels. $20 and fare advanced;
waitress, $2u, and chambermaid to assist
wait, $20. same hotel; chambermaid and wait-
ress for a resort, see party here, $20; 3 restau-
rant waitresses, $6 a week; chambermaid and
assist wait, $IS, sleep home; restaurant wait-
ress, $25; 2 chambermaids and assist wait,
same small hotel, $15 each; cook for a small
restaurant, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
PASTRY cook for a hotel, $35 and room. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS. C. M' cox KEY of Stockton please call.
c. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
GIRL, San Leandro, $20. see party here; house-
keeper. San Jose, $17, see party here; 10
housegirls $20 to $25; cook. $25; any number of
girls for housework, $15 to $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FANCY ironer. $9 a week, call early. C. R.
. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
DRESSMAKER, """$3O. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
CHAMHKRMAID and waMresn. $15; neat
young girl, 2 in family, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $3:,: laundress, $25; French
nin.l'l, $25; 6 young girls, assist housework,
$15 to $30; 4 young girls. $10 to $12. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, $20 and $15; 3 ironers, $15
each. Miss CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
REFINED nurse, 1 child, $10 to $12. MISS
CULLEN, 32:, Sutter Bt
GKRMAN girl, bakery, $15. MISS CULLEN,
32." Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Niles. $20; Ran Jose7~s2oT~ls
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$2.".; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSKGIRL. $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
FRENCH nursery governess, $30; French
nurse. 1 child, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper with a child, $10.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $35; homegirl, $25; German housegirl,
$IT. 2 in family; chambermaid, $15; second
girl, country. $25; 10 housegirls at $20 each;
2.'. girls for the country, $15 to $25; house-
keeper, $12; 5 young girls to assist, $10 to $12.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK. American family, $25; 3 cooks, German
$30. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
SECOND kM. $26; nursegirl, $20; 3 nursegirlsT
$15 each. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter Bt.
SWEDISH housegirl, 2 in family7l2o7no~wasn^
ing. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
HOUSEGIRL, Alameda. $25. see party here.
_MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
4 GERMAN second girls; $20 and $15. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
GERMAN housework girl for gentlemen's
horn,., ?yi. MRS. LAMBERT. 417 Powell st.
HOUSEWORK girl: American family; country;
$25; see larly here at 11 a. m. MRS. LAM-
BBRT, 417 Powell st.
10 HOUSRWORK cirls; $25 and $15. MRS.
■ LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
COOKS, second girls, general servant, nurses
and girls to assist wanted to fill positions at
MRS LAMBERT'S Employment, 417 Powell.
YOUNG woman to attend small store and do
little plain cooking for 2, country, $15; woman
with a child. $20; girls and women for the
country. MURRAY & READY, 631-636 Clay.
CHAMBERMAID, country hotel. $20; chamber-
maid and wait, country hotel, $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
3 COOKS for ranches and other women and
girls for different positions. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay Bt.
PROTESTANT conk, no wash, American fam-
ily. $30; second girl and laundress, $20; dress-
maker, $2.'j; cook, small hotel, $25: 4 wait-
resses and chambermaids, $18. $20, $5 and $6
week, and girls for housework. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SALESLADY, children's underwear depart-
ment: cloak and suit saleslady; cloak figure.
313 Hush st.
LADY bookkeeper, new corporation: lady man-
ageress: lady Instructed in new business
_that will pay $60; Investigate. 313 Bush st.
LADY'S companion, agreeable disposition; ref-
erences required and given at once. 313 Bush.
WAITRESS for resort and country hotel, $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny Bt.
GIRL for chamberwork, $20; also girl for
housework. 2 In family. $20. 631 Larkin st.
WANTED— Reliable Protestant girl, with ref-
erences; care of children and upstairs work.
2201 Uroilerlck St., corner Washington.
GIRL, speaks German, for housework; sma.ll
family; no children; wages $12. 1432 O'Far-
rell st.
CANVASSERS wanted, salary and commission.
Call 10 to 12, room 324, 806 Market st.
WANTED— An experienced finisher on custom
coats. 935 Market st, room 12.
GIRL to repair gentlemen's clothes. California
Renovatory, 116 Geary: call after 6:30 p. m.
FXRST-CLASfI finisher on custom pants; good
pay; steady work. 1034 Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted on paper boxes;
also apprentices. 520 Market st., top floor.
APPRENTICE for dressmaker; pay while
learning. 14 Grant aye., room 64.
YOUNG grlrl wanted for general housework;
need not cook. IS3I Eddy st.
GIRL wanted to do light housework: wages
$12. 1614 O'Farrell St.; from 9 to 12 a. m.
GIRL or woman to assist with housework;
small family; wages $7. 783 Guerrero st.
WANTED — Young grlrl to t-ttend child and
learn dressmaking. Apply 2116V4 Van Ness.
APPRENTICE wanted on custom cmUm. 617
Natoma su
HELP WAV. -sD— fontlnneii.
WANTED— Good reliable girl for plain cooking
and housework. Call at 3953 Twenty-fifth St.,
opp. Vicksburg.
WANTED— Thouroughly experienced tailore6s
custom coats. 272 Seventh st.
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on cus-
tom coats. 915% Sutter St.
WANTED— German girl to heijTlady cook In
kitchen. Inquire at 615 California st.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages" slo! 1208
Devisadero st.
GOOD girl for cigar store. 25 East st.. near
Clay.
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 623 Market St., room 7,
trom 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Neat German girl for general
housework; small German family; wages $15.
Call at S36H Harrison st.
COLORED girl for general housework. 2336
Pine st.
FINISHER on pants; steady work. 276 Jessie
street.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
731 Green st.
WANTED — Finishers on custom coats; also ap-
prentlce girls. 528 Howard st.
WANTED — Woman between 25 and 35 years as j
companion and assistant in light housework;
good home, fair pay for the right party. Call
_after 10 a. m. at 116 Taylor Ht.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch of floe of The Call. Bubscrlp-
■ tlons and want ads taken.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1020 Market
Bt. ; monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 26c. McDOWELL'B. 103 Post.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The « — ».
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED-MALK.
B0 SCANDINAVIAN teamsters for railroad
work; regular wages. C. R. HANSEN 4 CO..
104 Geary st.
NEAT young German barkeeper, $9 to $10 a
week; neat young man about 20 years of age
for head bell man, hotel. C. R. HANSEN & 1
CO., 104 Geary Bt. I
FRENCH or Swiss fry cook, first-class coun-
try hotel, $60 and free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter, hotel, $40; 2 waiters, same coun-
try hotel, $30; waiter, arm work, country ho-
tel, $25; steward for office club, $30; waiter
for office club, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
GROCERY clerk, country store, J4O. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
DRY goods clerk, country store, $40. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk young man, $15 and found,
country store. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
TYPEWRITER, stenographer and bookkeeper,
country store and office, $50 and increase.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
BARTENDER. German, country louvre, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
BARTENDER and runner to train, combina-
tion man, country hotel, $20 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
DRIVER of delivery wagon, country store,
_$40. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
PASSENGER driver for country place, $45.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GARDENER for Institution, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, C 34 and 636 Clay St.
BUTCHER for a ranch. $30 and found, fare
75c. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
MACHINIST, clt- shop. MURRAY & READY~
634 and 636 Clay Bt.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoer, country shop,
$2 25 a day, fare 30c. MURRAY &. READY,
634 and 636 Cla-<- st.
MACHINE blacksmith! $2 50 a day, city jotT
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH for a ranch, $20 and found.
_MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH helper for a ranch, $25 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
8 FARM hands to irrigate land and do general
work, $20 and found, Santa Clara County.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
6 FARM hands to dig small irrigation ditches
for a large orchard and vineyard. $15 and !
found, fare 75c. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay St.
3 MILKERS, $20 and found: fare $1. MURRAY
ft READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BUTTER-MAKER. American, only 12 cows,
$25 and found. MURRAY & READY 634 and
636 Clay st.
15 SCRAPER teamsters for a large ranch, $20
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
3 FARMHANDS, hopyards, $26; 3 choremen for
ranches, $10. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife with children, $20, Santa
Clara County. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
636 Clay st.
V, LABORERS for city Job, $1 75 to $1 50 a
day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
69 WOODCHOPPERS, different places, $150
and $1 cord. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
305 TIEMAKERS for different place-s in Cali-
fornia. Re, 9c and 10c each, tools furnished
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKER for an institution, see boss here $30.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BAKER for a hotel. MURRAY & READT,
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK for a ranch. MURRAY & READY, 634
and £36 Clay st.
9 cihikS for different places, $25, $35, $45 and
$50. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
8 WAITERS for hotels, restaurants and
bakeries, $30, $25 and $20: 2 waiter boys, $15.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
5 DISHWASHERS, different places, $10 and $15
month and $6 week. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
EMPLOYER OF HELP
If you want competent help telegraph, tele-
phone, write or call in person at MURRAY
& READY'S, they will supply you with same
FREE OF CHARGE. Remember we gave
(17,000) seventeen thousand men work during
the year 1897. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.;
telephone Main 5548.
WANTED— Machinists, $3 to $4 day; blaek-
smitli, $2 25 day; gasfltter; calker; Swiss
milker. $30 and found: choreman, $20; East-
ern farmer and milker, $20; lanndryman;
ironers: carriage painter, $2 50 day: 4 miners,
$2 50 day and $50 and hoard : 15 tiemakers. 10c
and lie: bootblack for country, $35; and oth-
ers. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook, country, $30; head
waiter' for hotel. $35; lunch counter man, $20
and found: baker's helper, $20 and found;
oyster man and waiter, $35; and others. Ap-.
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sasramento.
WANTED— WaIter, country hotel, fare ad-
vanced. $25; waiter, near city. $25. good steady
place; waiter for steamer, $20; waiter boy,
$15. fare advanced: German cook, small sum-
mer resort, $30 to $40: ranch cook, $25; farm-
ers, milkers, dishwashers and others; man to
milk 18 cows and do chores, $20, steady place
W.D. EWER * CO.. Kf. Clay ft.
LAUNDRY help wanted— Washers, French
laundry, $30 to $35: shirt Ironer and polisher,
$40; young man to drive laundry wagon, $15
to $20: etc. ANDRE'S 316 Stockton st.
$25 PER week; a reliable business associate
with small capital; permanent. 313 Bush st.
YOUNG man as assistant secretary to new cor-
poration; cash bond required, with satisfac-
tory references. 313 Bush st.
BOOKKEEPER and correspondent, $20 per
week at commencement: quick advancement-
new corporation business. 313 Bush st.
CROCKERY rtore clerk; retail shoe clerk- tea,
coffee and spice traveler. 313 Bush Bt.
OYSTER opener; lunch counter clerk" tinner-
brass spinners; waiters; cooks. 313 Bush st!
WANTED at once for hoys' brigade band
piccolo, barytone, trombone, tenor and alto
players; also bass drum. Apply at once to
G. C. W. PRINGLE, Howard-st. M E
Church.
COLORED head waiter and 10 colored waiters"
country hotel; hotel porter, $20. Hotel Ga-
zette, 420 Kearny st.
CALLER-OUT for speculation; store front
views; call evenings. FISHBACK. 410 Tenth
St., Oakland.
SALESMAN wanted for cloaks and suits- city
references. Apply E. MESSAGER, 145 Post.
BLACKSMITH for Alaska: $50 month- long
job. Apply at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
BARBER wanted. 217 Fourth st.
STRONG boy wanted at 113 Davis st. Printing
office.
WANTED Lunch waiter. 210 First st.
BOY to help In bakery. Apply 515 Third st.
BLACKSMITH helper wanted. 460 Brannan.
WANTED— First-class restaurant waiter. 13
and 15 Stockton Bt.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade and a boot-
black. 1542 Market st.
WANTED— Second cook. 1012 Battery st.
GOOD cook wanted. 631 Clay st.
WANTED— Boy for store. 807 Valencia st.
$150— BARBER shop; 2 chairs; paying; rent $12;
bargain. Apply Call office.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; 2
nights 25c or $75c week. 105 New Montgomery.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec., 102 7th: tel. South 625.
WANTED— Boy for carriage painter; experl-
I enced. A. BENSON. 200 Bartlett St.
EXPERIENCED tailors and operators on
coats; steady work. 106 Battery St.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen at LANE'S. 604
Davis st., near Jackson.
WANTED— Turn lasters wanted at SIEBE
SHOE COMPANY, 23 Jessie St.
WANTED— Young man who has had some ex-
perience In shirt cutting. EAGLESON & CO.,
535 Market St.
EXPERIENCED furnishing goods salesman
and window dresser. M. J. KELLER CO..
1105-1109 Broadway. Oakland.
BARBER with some experience, or boy to
learn trade. 841 Telegraph : ye., Oakland.
MEN for single furnished rooms. 12>_c, 15c, 20c,
25c per night; 75c, $1, $1 25 per week. Elcho
House, S63>_ Market Bt.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal.
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted; good
bushelman also wanted. Apply at 11 a. m. at
Stevenson-st. entrance to CHARLES LY-
ONS', 721 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON. 643 Clay st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 3.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED — An experienced city salesman.
BROWNSTONE WINE CO.. 331 Ellis st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138'_ Eighth st.
WANTED — Traveler for gents furnishing
goods as side line. Box 3141. Call.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764^_ Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms, 2."c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sta.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and j
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 967 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price: half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard St.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch^fflee of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Murat Halstead's Great
War Book, "Our Country in War" and our
relations with foreign nations. All about our
army, navy, coast defenses, the Maine dis-
aster, Spain, her army, navy and defenses.
All about Cuba, her relations to the United
States and her defenses. All about the ar-
mies and navies of all other nations, and j
how they will act In our fight with Spain. |
Over 500 pages. Magnificent Illustrations,
photograps, etc. One agent sold 89 In one'
day: others are making $2 to $39 per day.
Most liberal terms guaranteed, 20 days' cred-
it, price low, freight paid. Handsome out-
fit free. Send 12 2-cent stamps to pay post-
age. National Educational Union. 324 Dear- !
born St., Chicago.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion Et. : tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
joinery st. : hlehcst prices paid. Tel. Davln 7X. j
>IOARDI.\6 "WANTED.
WANTED— An unfurnished room, American
lady, $2 month: with owners. Box 3365, Call, j
WA\TED-MIS(KLI.A\EOI'S.
ENGINE and boiler for boat: length. 40 feet;
beam. 11 feet; depth. 5 feet; second-hand
preferable; state price, etc. Box 3310, Call.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PA WNBROKER— OId gold! silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years; j
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work !
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction. 60c;
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings. $1 up;
silver, 50c up; artificial teeth repaired, $1
up; our crown and bridge work is the best;
hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 1.
969 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market. Academy of
Sciences bldg., sth floor; painless dentistry.
ITaTtEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg.. 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market St.
EET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
LODGIftv. IFoi'SISS FOR SALE.
46 ROOMS; sunny corner $1500
50- room house for ranch 3500 I
17 rooms: clears $100 month; part cash..
10-room fiat: sunny corner 225
14-roem house; fine corner 1000
40-room house: clears $150; must sell 3000
10-room house; new and good; Ellis St.. 850
60 rooms; rent $65: clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
HURRY up, don't miss it; 26-room house on
Geary St.; $350 cash, balance time; price $650
WINSTON & CO. are the agents, 646 Market.
SIXTEEN rooms, nicely furnished; all rent-
ed Al location; corner house; 2 entrances.
Apply at Call office.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE of 16 rooms, well fur-
nished and full of roomers. 136 Sixth st.
FURNITURE F*OU isAJLE^
106 ELEVENTH— Branch offlcT'of ~The~C_VT;
subscriptions and ads taken.
LOST.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains, Blackburn Gulch, 5
miles from Santa Cruz; plenty of fruit on
the ranch: good table and pleasant surround-
ings. Terms, $5 per week. Address W.
CRANDELL. Santa Cruz.
LOST— Saturday evening, from Sherman & |
i 'lay Hall to Eddy-st. car to Laguna St.. eye- I
glasses. Return to 622 Willow aye. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— Western Addition, white fox terrier
bitch; brown head; answers name Trlx. Re-
turn to 1426 Mission st. ; reward $20.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments; \
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1022
Mission St.. ab ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household goods, pianos; ad- ■
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2I.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FOR lowest rates co to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth st.. open evenings.
T\'l-~ WRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and isnted; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
TO LEASE.
$100 PER year; chicken ranch; house of 6 rooms
and stable; 6 lots: sheltered spot. J. F
PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O' DO .^ NELL, olbce and resldenca,
120t Market; diseases oi women _ specialty.
DL T -SIXESS CHANCES.
$150— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing busi-
ness" no previous experience; must be sober,
steady man: will easily clear from $15 to $25
per week; satisfactory proof :urnished. Apply
M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$75 ONLY— Branch bakery, cigars, notions, etc.;
living-rooms; best part city: a snap if taken
up this day. M. LESS. 786 Market st.
CHANCE in a lifetime; $1400 will buy an oyster
and chop house; vicinity Baldwin Hotel; »*<sfl
known- oldest established and most popular^
concern of its kind; satisfactory reasons for'
sale: must be taken at once. Apply M. LESS,
765 Market st. __^
$600— PARTNER wanted in blacksmith shop;
building, horse and wagon included: receipts
$600 per month; ground rent $10: good, steady
man can clear $100 per month: references ex-
changed. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$800— CORNER grocery and bar, best part. Mis-
sion; rent $23: more than full value in sight;
best class cash trade: must be seen to l>a
appreciated; great bargain. M. LESS, 765
Market st. ■
$135— PAYING cigar, stationery, notions, 5 liv-
ing rooms; best part of Mission; invoice value
$135: no sale if not as represented. M. LESS,
765 Market st. _ ■_
$350— CIGAR-STORE, north Market; living
rooms; rent only $35; present owner there 17
years; satisfactory reasons for sale; bargain.
M. LESS. 765 Market st.
WILL secure best paying saloon of Its
kind across the bay: full value In sight: posi-
tively nothing better in market: look far or
near, this stands unequaled. M. LESS, 765
. Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted In the best paying res-
taurant in this city; average daily receipts
$75 per day; owner don't care so much for
the money, but wants an honest Industrious
helper. WILKE, 783 Market St.
$200— CORNER Baloon with 3 club rooms;
south of Market st; rent $20: stock will valu«
the price; rare chance. WILKE, 783 Market.
A- PARTNER w_nted in a 15-year es-
tablished manufacturing business; must te
a first-class mechanic or business man; ownei>
guarantees a net profit of $400 per month;
about $10,000 contracts on hand; books open
for investigation; the name of the firm is
worth the money. Particulars, WILKE, 783
Market st.
$650— CORNER saloon, established and kept by
, owner 15 years; one block from Chronicle
building; rent $35; great bargain. Sea
WILKE, 783 Market St.
$4000— BAKERY and confectionery, connected
with hotel 30 rooms, dining-room, etc.. in
lively country town about 50 miles from city;
3 wagons, 6 horses, 3 cows; rent $70; lease; m
first-class, paying business; buildings an 1 I
furniture new; sickness compels sale. Parti-* ~
culars of WILKE. 783 Market st.
$850— CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and doing
a good paying business; rare chance; fullest
investigation giv--^. WILKE. 783 Market st.
CIGAR stand, close to Claus Spreckels build-
ing; price $150; the best chance ever offered.
WILKE. 783 Market st.
PARTNER wanted In old-established and
money-making saloon, few doors from Call
building; the best offer for the right party;
clear profit of $150 per month guaranteed. Sea
WILKE, 783 Market St.
$250 — OLD - ESTABLISHED restaurant; nea#
factories; a bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO.,
23 Kearny st.
SALOON; all day trade among 1 merchants;
a great sacrifice. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23
Kearny st.
I CRACKER route; will pay $125 per
month; increasing trade; part cash, balance
by giving satisfactory security. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 23 Kearny st. . ■-.■■.
Candy-store and icecream parlor; 3 fur-
nished living-rooms; low rent; bona-fide bar-
gain; must be seen to be appreciated. Pacifio
Exchange, 995 Market St.
$200— RESTAURANT; transfer corner. Mission;
no opposition: receipts $15 day; living rooms;
rent $17 month. BARRETT, 1125 Market st.,
above Seventh.
A— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
Partner wanted: commission business.
— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished IS years; $25 to $30 a week each; can
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms in the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. 9 Geary St.,
room 2.
FOR SALE — Bargain; shoe store; best chance
on earth to secure a good-paying business;
choice location 50 miles from San Francisco;
population 5000; clean stock; can be reduced
to $4000. Address box 3367, Call Office.
FOR SALE — Country bakery: a great bargain;
worth $600; will be sold at your own price on
account of unexpected early departure: must
be sold before 26th of April. Inquire 625 Clay.
PAPER routes for sale on morning newspaper
close to San Francisco: will net $140 to $200
per month: principals only. Address B. F.,
box 1739, Call Office.
$300 with services of a practical young man;
business established 20 years; will pay $18 to
I $25 weekly: no competition; trial given. Par-
ticulars 313 Bush st.
PARTNER, or will sell small manufacturing
business; the only one on the coast; 200 cus-
tomers; small capital. 515 Eighth St., Oakland.
$600— RESTAURANT and 5-roomed flat, hand-
somely furnished; excellent business; investi-
gate. Apply at Call office.
YOUR choice of 2 good-paying restaurants for
sale; reasonable; 511 or 1303 Castro st. Apply
511 Castro st.
WILL rent, or buy Interest In, or buy entirely,
a small book and job office in city. Box
1803, Call.
$75— Branch bakery, candy, notions, eggs and
milk; good trade; cheap rent. 521 Howard st.
FRUIT and candy store for sale cheap. Call
at once 136 Powell st.
621-623 MONTGOMERY; restaurant and fix-
tures for sale. Call between 10 and 11.
RARE chance for thorough hotel man or
woman with $1000. J., box 8, Call, Oakland.
______
MEXICO.
LANDS in tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.; large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
$400— BAKERY for sale; store trade $10 to $13
day; good outside route; bakes 2% barrels
day; a good bargain; no opposition; owner
wants to leave city. Box 3251, Call office.
$2000— A PROTESTANT gentleman as partner
wanted in an established legitimate business,
by reason of enlarging the same: experience
not necessary. Box 3304, Call office.
IF you have anything to sell or exchange It
will be to your Interest to see us: money al-
ways on hand. Address M. E. DOUGAN _t
CO.. 230 Kearny st.
FINE stationery, cigar, laundry, periodicals,
branch bakery and notion store for sale; old
established. Box 18, branch office Call, 106
Eleventh , st.
CORNER saloon; central location: fine cash
-, business; with or without lodging-house;
good reason for selling. Call 1019 Franklin
st., Oakland.
HALF or whole interest in butcher shop; do-
Ing good cash business; centrally located:
well fitted up. D., box 2, Call Office, Oakland
A — COAL, wood, hay and grain business for
sale on account •• of owner's departure from
city; price reasonable. Address box 3344. Call.
PAYING saloon In North Beach district; sell-
ing on account of sickness. WICHMAN,
LUTGEN & CO., 818 Clay st.
FOR Sale— At less than invoice; cigar and va-
riety store; 3 nice rooms; low rent. 627 Sec-
ond St., opp. South Park.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose;
fine location; must be sold. Address S., care
of Call agency, San Jose.
FOR SALE— OId-established corner saloon; on
account of other business. X\V. . corner of
Pacific and Battery sta. -
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
established; rent reasonable. 2622 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar for 6ale; reasonable;
and 4 living rooms. Apply 219»_ Eleventh st.
PATENTS— SMITH ft OSBORN. Resist 1 d Pat
Agents: established 1862. 319 Pine st.. city.
RESTAURANT, must seU less than value of
fixtures. Inquire market, 576 Howard st.
FOR SALE— Grocery and liar; a good chance
for a Scandinavian. 341S Mission st.
BARBER SHOP for sale; paying. Information
fit " 1 1*1 £S St.
BARBER shop for sale. 103 Eddy st.
1 ' " ° 12 * Harrison
F ge R xt S?oS ?oV c ß h^f.^ nn | a^ SS s Y^ ™™
° W^pFq-iv^t ea » routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASUELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARPENTERS. blacksmlths7~p^~~b^rs"and
r.-.od men nt general work who are going to
£ ti>»? an on the way U P work out $150 |
roirt I, re " » la St - * Mlcn - - Apply The .
Gold Star Co.. Mills building, San Fran.
W^£. i?E~" ii _ lrt st »ke.~s3so, for Alaska: will ,
give half. Box 1812. Call. •
GE Wh7 NE ?r? rc Uc J ur clothing; heavy woolen Jg
clothing.- L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson »ts.«^
OC E in ? i or / lver steamers. sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. Q.SHAW, 4 Sutter st.
C ? E i^ PE = ST .. and best to America— The Weekly
can. Sent to any address In the United
ewes or Canada one year tot $160, poitast
treeHOUSES TO LET.
A -$30— HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath, on the '
north side of O'Farrell St.; modern Improve-
ments; centrally located. J. BROWNSTUNE.
ii Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN . ...
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal- !
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you. !
MA ROUSE & REMMEL. C2S Market st.
VLAY, 2407, near Webster— of 7 rooms,
bath, large yard; cellar; $25.
LAGUNA, 1713— House of 8 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest improvements; $30.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Broderick St., near McAllister.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly i
Cal!. Sent to any address In the United
Ptntes or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED bay-window cottage, 4 rooms
and bath; sunny; no children. 917 Sanchez st.
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises, i
f!35 Guerrero St. , •■.•<-■■-:/-'
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLINS, . ill. near Geary— sll; bay-window
cottage; nearly new; 4 rooms; water free.
BUNNY cottages of 4 &nd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1576 loth St., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter St.
MOPS. 30— Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath; rent re-
duced. Key corner Howard, near Seventh.
NEW flats; modern improvements; 4 and 5
rooms; $16. $20; worth seeing. 2263 Geary st.
PAGE. ICl4— Nice funny flat. 6 rooms, etc.;
upper flat; near Park.
RING up 'Phon* Brown 323 If you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SULLIVAN. 221. near Stanyan— s rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
TO Let — 6 rooms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan St., near Stanyan. • ..;-.
$12— NICE Bunny flat. 2SA Cedar ay«., bet.
Larkin and Polk sts.
/ $14— SUNNY lower flat 4 rooms, bath and yard.
| 6 Shot well St., near Fourteenth.
$20—2 NEW, modern sunny flats. 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1708 Hyde st.
FURNISHED FLATS.
— ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat, 771 Pierce St.. cor. McAllister. No
admittance without permit from C. J. CAMP-
BELL & CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRYANT. 511. near Third— Nicely furnished
sunny suite; front; $8 per month.
BUSH, 621— Sunny suite; seperate kitchen; $18.
FIFTH, Sunny rooms for working people,
$1 to $2 a week.
FIFTH, 314 — 2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rms. ; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH. 325—3 furnished housekeeping, $13;
double. $7 to $8; 2 parlors, kitchen, bath, $22.
FILLMORE. 2208%. near Clay— s9; sunny par-
lor and small room furnished for house-
keeping.
FOLSOM, 2S4S— 3 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms; gas stove; cheap; without children.
FULTON, Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
i GOLDEN GATE aye., Nicely furnished
sunny floor, complete for housekeeping; bath;
yard; $25.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished
3 room suites, with gas stove. V
HARRISON, 786 A —$7: 2 sunny front rooms and
use of bath in a private family.
HOWARD, 611— Two or three sunny . rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, 1324 — 2 or 3 large sunny rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping.
MARKET, 1028—3 rooms, furnished complete;
$12; part rent taken in board. . .. ,:;
MISSION, 1135— Bay-window suite of 3 rooms;
connecting; furnished for housekeeping; $16.
MISSION, IP63— Front suite; others for house-
keeping; no objection to children.
MISSION, 1165— Sunn-- front room, light house-
keeping; $S per month.
NAT' M.A. t>4,"> — 2 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping-: yard: rent reasonable.
NINTH. 20, near Market— Front bay-window
I room or single: light housekeeping; $9.
SIXTEENTH, 2009. corner Furnished
front room with grate; use of kitchen and
yard; rent $8.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping. $10 a month.
ENSON, 620— Cheap sunny furnished front
rooms; single or double.
THIRD, 340—1 sonny room, suitable for house-
keeping. $6; single room. $4.
THIRD, 309— Large front suite complete, $12;
other suites. $10; single, $5. \
TWELFTH, 220 C— nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; refined family.
VALENCIA, 1175— Furnished Bunny front rooms;
bay window; housekeeping; extra convenient;
bath. -
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. •
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS;, quiet, homelike: reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
tunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell. elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
AT 242 Stockton sunny suites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
UIRCH AYE., 23— Suite furnished rooms, $12;
unfurnished, $10; bath, grate; call forenoon.
BEAUTIFUL sunny rooms; newly furnished
and new flat; with board: Van Ness aye.
Box 3364. Call office.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished: fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms. IS and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY. 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 50.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington) — per night.
Me to $1: week, $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, 614 Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath: $6 to $10.
EDINBURGH. 239 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, suites and single.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot) — First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 60 to $8 week.
ELLIS, Furnished rooms to let.
FULTON, 3— Nice sunny rooms to let, day,
week or month.
GEARY. 518— Large Bunny bay-window rooms;
suites, double and single rooms; $8 month up.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 CO to $6 per week. '■■''■■?■
HOWARD, S24— Nice large front sunny alcove
room; suitable for 2 gentlemen; $10 month.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 250 up.
HOWARD, 112S\4— Large back room; large
closet, bath, etc.; $1 2.'. per week.
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; pri-
vate; $14.
LARGE baso'nent suitable for plumber or car-
penter shop. Inquire 219 Natoma st.
MASON, IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6: baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
McAllister, 511— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $8 per month.
LISTER, 513— Neat single furnished room
with gas, bath. hot and cold water; »C a mo.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week. .
MISSION, 1061— Sunny room; private family:
cult I young men; terms reasonable.
MISSION 122 C— "Nicely furnished Bunny room
suitable' for I; with or without piano; run-
ning water.
NATOMA. 207. near Third— Two large, sunny
furnished front rooms to let.
NATOMA~ :s2. near ' Fourth— 3 connecting
rooms, unfurnished, $7 per month.
O'FARRELL. flunny bay-window front
room. $12; ether rooms, $S and $10.
O'FARRELL, 211. corner Powell— Nice suite;
al3o single rooms, by day or month.
O'FARRELL, Furnished rooms; single or
en suite. -. ■-■ ■ . . ■ .- -
I*OLK, 607— Front sunny furnished rooms;
w large end small; $4 and upward.
POST. Runny mute. or single rooms: flrst-
<~l.t=s In every respect.
PROSPECT place. 123— Two double front rooms,
_$6 and $8; single room $4; private family. :
EHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth
new Market; furnished and unfurnished.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SEVENTH, 136— Nicely furnished rooms; house-
keeping; sun all day; large yard. .
SIXTH, 136— Sunny front bay-window room;
bath and gas; other rooms; $1 per week up.
STEVENSON, 79, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
SUTTER. 407— 2 single rooms, $6 each.
SUTTER. 715-717-719; Hyde. Furnished and
unfurnished: choice and sunny; reasonable.
TAYLOR, 516— Large handsomely furnished
sunny suite of parlors; rent reasonable.
TENTH. Nicely furnished large sunny
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms.
TAYLOR, 407— let, two large, sunny front
rooms ; furnished. .
TAYLOR, 10S— Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; suitable for 2 or 4; also nice single
room.
THE Eldora, 23 Stockton— Newly furnished
rooms.
VAN NESS. 417— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms, suitable for 1 or 2; private family.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
BOARDING AXD ROOMS.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON. 833 (The Mizpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GUERRERO. Lovely room, board, two
persons; private family; piano; single room.
HYDE. 408— Double and single rooms; nrst-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up. /
SOUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER. 112S— Sunny suite; single rooms; first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans;
VAN NESS aye., 808— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
AN~elderly"lady will take infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 234^4 Sixth st.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.^ ~
Xs~wT"are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
IS per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
ets., San Francisco, and TUrteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest . house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE 3.
16, 2S and 30 D'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ___
NEW FIRM NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW TRICES.
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled in San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet and Helene
Mora, at the Orpheum, prefer the Crown
piano. So will you if you call and see them
at HOCKETT BROS. & CO.. 218 Post st.
: A STEINWAY piano for $100; a Chickering for
j $9"; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.. 933 Market st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy. Newby, Evan*.
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post at.
' WANTED— For cash. S, style 3. or T, style 4.
Steinway. or style X or R. Knabe. Address
box 3356, Call office.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hibernla Bank. BCHMITZ.
I HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
j Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
I apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
j pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell Bt.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
lICRSE9.
40 HORSZS for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
arness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
Rlxth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
BUGGIES* wagons, -horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage: 40 horses; must
■ sell. At Emporium. 220 Valencia st. __
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkey«
for sale cheap. Koran's Yds., 10th & Bryant.
JUST ' arrived— horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st.: auction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
I SPECIAL pale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
I buggy: also 1 hack. 523 Harrison st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
I FOR Sale — up; good second-hand sewing
machines: bargains In new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, 1360 Market st.
; FOR sale — Large new tent; 20x30 feet; 6-foot
I wall; 12-ounce duck; will sell at half price.
j 1649 Mission st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SIX coin silver new spoons: a nice present, for
$10; worth $20. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
FOR sale— Fine delivery wagon; $50. Address
box 3172, Call office.
FOR sale — Brown water spaniel 14 months old;
retrieves fine, with the gun. • 608 Post st.
FOR sale cheap — soda ■ fountain, marble
slabs, copper kettles. '19 Hinckley St., rm. 2.
BEAUTIFUL dog; half setter, half collie; good
hunter. Address box 1808. Call. ■
$55— Upright piano; good condition: $5 down, $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO., 225 Sutter.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap, 1 large vault 'in Calvary Cemetery.
Box 3163. Call office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 627
Mission st. . . .
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
Office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above sixth. :•'*:"!
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; halt original cost. 105-111 Market, S. X.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10; Records, $5 per do*.;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. ,933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap.- 102 Clay st. -
BARS, ; half original cost. IC9-111 Market, etc.,
PHOPHONES, $10; Records. $5 per doa.;
ijectoscope. lioo. Baclgalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
•~"KK mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
k and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
S. showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and Fold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ada taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, gh tT~6ouf-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. : phone Mint 45.
I ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
| repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
i " ~ — — — . .
CARPEV CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet- eanlng Works; cleans
I moves, lays carpet-. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
I .38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted v-ith poor work
; send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
1 eating Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J
McQUEEN, 453 Stevenson st. ; tel. S. 228.
! ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
i tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
.1. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 3c.
STRATTON, I Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944. '
GREAT Eastern, L A am Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 &th st. B. GRANT, tel. Jesale 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Ci -pet-Cleaning Co., 240 14tb
Ft.: cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel;. East 128.";. ... /
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call: sub-
scilptlonr and want ads taken.
ATTORNEYS'. AT liAW.
ADVICE free; no ■ charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 ' Market at.
CHEAPEST and best In' America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any , address^ In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 M. postage
free.-. ■-''• '"■-:-."["'■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AFKfL 20, 1898.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Hospital and Almshouse—
Office of the Cleric of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 19, 1898. •
In accordance with Resolution No. £65 (Fourth
Series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the Board of Supervisors, on MONDAY
AFTERNOON, April 25, 1898, -from 2:30 to 3
o'clock, for furnishing subsistence to the pa-
tients and employes In and supplies for the
City and County Hospital and Almshouse from
July' 1, IS9B. to June 3U. 1899, the estimated
yearly amounts being as follows:
Estimated!
Articles Required. Quantity Denom.
Required. Per.
CLASS 1.
BEEF. YEARLY.
Beef— Fresh, first quality
American steer. In not
less than one-half car-
casses, consisting of fore
and hind quarters, to be
delivered in such quan-
tities and at such times
for the Hospital and
Almshouse as required
three days In each
week; estimated -
amount per day, 1000
lbs 310.000 lbs Per 1b
CLASS 2.
MUTTON.
Mutton— Fresh, first qual-
ity wether, in not less
than whole carcasses,' to
be delivered in such
quantities and at such
times for the Hospital
and Almshouse as re-
■titles and days In
i for the Hospital
Almshouse as re-
d three days In
each week; estimated
amount per day, 1000 ■ ;
lba 107.0001bs Ferlb
CLASS 3. i
FISH. YEARLY. R
Fish— Fresh cleaned and , f>.
scaled, best in market, V
and In such varieties as
may be ordered, Salmon,
Sea Bass, Herring or
Smelt In season 48,000 lbs Per lb
CLASS 4.
COAL OIL.
Coal Oil — 150 degrees
test 1,600 gals Per 1 >
CLASS 6.
FLOUR. YEARLY.
Flour— Wheat, California,
Best Roller 420,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS 6.
COFFEE. YEARLY.
C o t 1 c — Guatemala,
fresh roasted, first qual-
ity <. 17,600 lbs Perl
CLASS 7.
VEGETABLES.
YEARLY.
Beets— Best In market.... 1,200 lbs Per 100 lbt
Beans— Small white, No.
1, first quality 2,500 lbs: Per 100 lbs
Cabbage— Best In market. 16.000 lbs' Per 100 lbs
Carrots— Best Jn market. I 4,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Onions, Red or White—
Dry, best in market 7,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Potatoes, Burbank, Sa-
linas or Oregon— Best In
market 350,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Turnips— in market.. 3,500 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS 8.
CORN MEAL, ETC.
YEARLY.
Corn Meal, Yellow or
White — Fresh ground,
new, best In market 20,000 lbs Per lb
Oat Meal— Fresh ground,
_ best in market 22.000 lbs Per lb
Cracked Wheat— In
market 20,000 lbs Per
Germea, or Semola— Best ••■•-, - -•' '•.
in market 6,000 lbs Per
Hominy— In market. 2,000 lbs Per lb
CLASS 9.
TEA, SUGAR 'AND
SYRUP. YEARLY.
Sugar-Extra C 33,000 lbs Per lb
Sugar, Granulated—
White _.. 33,000 lbs Per lb
Sugar, Powdered — Best
White 600 lbs Perlb
Syrup— Golden California
Refinery 1,100 gals . Per gal
Tea— Japan, Diamond (L)
or equally as good 8,000 lbs Per
CLASS 10.
PROVISIONS.
YEARLY.
Bacon — Best California
Cured Sides 8,000 lbs Per
Butter— Fresh, first qual-
ity, California 11,500 lbs Per lb
Cheese— First quality Call-
fornia ••wh o ie"-Besi '**"" Per ">
Codfish, Whole — Best
California, In bales 5,600 lbs Perlb
Eggs — Fresh California
(candled) 15,600 Per dox
Ham— quality, best
California, Sugar Cured. 4,200 lbs Per lb
Lard— Fresh California... 4,600 lbs Perlb
Mackerel— Eastern, No. 1,
in kits 88 kits ■ Per kit
CLASS 11.
GROCERIES.
YEARLY.
Corn Starch, Kingsford
or Duryeas— qual-
ity I.OOOIbs Perlb
Currants — Zante, first
quality 400 lbs Perlb
Fruits, Dried-California, ■ ■•■ rlo
quartered apples and
sun-dried peaches 800 lbs Pit lh
Fruit, Table. Assorted— t
JeV^'cVrantrbesnn 18 cases Per case
Jelly — Currant, best in
market (10 doz. 1-lb.
! tins) ........ 12 doz Per doz
. Macaroni— No. 2 800 lbs Per
Mustard, White or D
Ground — First quality
fresh California 150 lbs Per Ih
Pearl Barley-No. 2 475 lbs Perb
Peas-Split 1,000 lbs Perb
Pepper — First quality,
black, ground 700 lbs Per lb
Pickles. California-
Assorted No. AssoVt,*; 70 gals Per raJ
Pie Fruits — Assorted. •
best in market (2 doz.
I 2-Ib tins in each case).. 24 cases Per cas»
Raisins — First quality,
T layers 400 lbs Per
Rice-No. 2 China, new rlb
mixed . ... 10,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Sago— Best in market 450 lbs Perth
Salt, table. California- ■ lb
_ First quality 14.000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Salt. Rock, first quality 7,000 lbs' Per 100 lbs
Sal California 12,600 lbs Per
Soap, Laundry, Brown-
First quality, family... 7,700 lbs Perlb
Starch— Wheat, Laundry, '<":/--
Lump, Klngsford or
Put yeas - Beat In mar-
ket .. 1,200 lbs Perlb
Tapioca, Pearl — Best in
market 650 lbs Perlb
Tobacco — Navy..... 5,600 lbs Perlb
Tomatoes, Canned— Best
in market (2 doz. 2-Ib • •■'.;;•:
tins in each case) 50 cases Per case
Vermicelli, White— No. 2 300 lbs Per lb
'Vinegar — 30 degrees I ""---.
strength . ■••■•■:••• 750 gals Per gal
Yeast Powder — Trophy,
Del Monte Raising. Pio- f
neer, Golden Gate or *
Crown (5-lb . tins), as .
may be designated — 42 doz Per doz
.. v : CLASS 12. ' ...
COAL. YEARLY.
Coal — Wellington (Duns-
f mulr), well screened,
free from slack and
(■■hale, ' per ton of 2240
lbs
For Hospital (525 tons)—
For Almshouse (800 tons 1,325 tons Per ton
Samples of groceries above enumerated may I
be seen by intending bidders at the office of
the Mayor, City Hall.
NOTlCE.— Bidders' wilt estimate separately I
for each article enumerated, as per denomina- j
tion, of the kind and quality as shown by sam-
ples,, with the distinct understanding that the I
lowest bid for each article required for each !
class will be accepted, and that In every in- 1
stance no bid except from a merchant who Is a '
regular dealer in the articles enumerated will ;
be received: also, that the Beef and Mutton i
must be delivered at the Institutions named by
the party or parties to whom the contract may I
be awarded, at such time and in such quanti- \
ties as required; that the Coal for the Hospital |
is to be delivered at that institution, and that
for the Almshouse to be taken from the coal I
yard of the successful bidder, or from the j
wharf. in such quantities as may be ordered |
from time to time; also, that the other sup- |
plies must be delivered at the place of busi-
ness of the party to whom the respective con- .
tracts may be awarded, upon requisitions i (in- I
dorsed by the Chairman of the Hospital Com- j
mittee) of the Superintendent Physician , of
the City and County Hospital and the Super- '
intendent of the Almshouse, at such times and |
in such quantities as may be ■ required, from
July 1, 1898, to June 30, 1899, in more or' less i
quantities than designated on the schedule, i
without extra charge from the price bid. The |
term more or less not being- limited to the
amount designated, but is for such amount as
may be required during the year. Also, bid-
ders will estimate under the express stipula- I
tion that the Superintendent Physician of the
City 'and County Hospital, and the Superinten- 1
dent of the Almhouse, by and with the con-
sent of , the Committee on Hospital. Rhall '
have the power to purchase any or all of the
supplies required at the market rates. if not L
furnished of the kind and quality as shown by !
samples, at the expense of the party to whom ;
any contract may be awarded' to furnish the i
same, 'if upon the : requisition of " the officers '
named the party fails to furnish the quantity 1
or quality of the supplies designated, which
under contract, he may be required to fur-
nish. Also, bidders will • estimate under the ;
express understanding and agreement that un-
der no consideration will the Board recognize !
or allow any assignment of any contract or ■
allow the supplies Included in any contract to ■
be furnished from any other i person • than the i
person. to whom the contract Is awarded I
either under an . assignment or other instru- !
ment.' unless the consent of the Board Is first i
obtained through a Resolution ' duly passed by
said Board and approved by the ; Mayor, > con-
senting and agreeing to "the same. The qual-
ity of the articles called for, where not desig-
nated, to be of the best quality, and all sup-
plies furnished for. the Hospital and Almshouse
of the articles called for. where not deslg-
ed, to be of the best quality, and all sup-
s furnished for the Hospital and Almt-hnuse
respectively, to bo- subject to the approval .of
the; Superintendent Physician of the City and
County Hospital, and the Superintendent of
the Almshouse,' whose, decision shall be final
PROPOSALS— Continued.
and conclusive^ as to the reception or rejection
of any and all of the supplies offered. The
beef and mutton furnished the Hospital and
Almshouse to be weighed at the time of deliv-
ery at those institutions; and all other supplies
furnished to t>e Inspected and weighed at such
times nnd places as may be designated by said
Committee on Hospital. The party taking a
contract will be required to give a bond in a
sum not to exceed five thousand <$5000) dol-
lars, with two sureties, to the satisfaction of
the said committee, for its faithful perform
ance. Proposals to be indorsed "Supplies in
Class 1, Class 2," etc., as the case may be, "for
Public Institutions."
The party to whom the contract la awarded
will be required TO IMMEDIATELY FUR-
NIBH THREE SAMPLES OF EACH OF
THE NON-PERISHABLE FOOD SUPPLIES
CALLED FOR AND ENUMERATED IN THIS
SCHEDULE, AND DELIVER THE SAME TO
THE CLERK OF THE I'.OARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for Inspection by the person, firm or
corporation so furnishing the same at one of
the public food stations established by the
Board of Health of this city next to the muni-
cipal institution to be furnished with such
food supplies, and the character and quantity
and the quality of such food supplies thall be
then and there first Inspected, and said Board
of Health shall make report of Fuch inspection
forthwith to the Board of Supervisors.
The party to Vhom the contract is awarded
m-|Il be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three daily newspap-
ers, amounting to eight hundred and seventy
dollars and sixty-seven cents ($B7O 67). Each
class awarded to be charged with one-twelfth
portion of the entire cost. and each
article awarded, where there are more than
one In any class, to be charged with its pro
rata of the amount as designated for each
In order to preserve uniformity and to facili-
tate the award the Board has resolved to re-
ceive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check in the sum of five hundred ($500) dollars,
in favor of and made payable to the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors; must
be deposited by the bidder, conditioned
if the proposal Is accepted and the con-
tract awarded; and if the bidder shall fall
or neglect to pay the printing charges, exe-
cute the contract and give the bond required
within six days after the award ia made, then
and In that case, the said sum shall be paid
into the City and County Treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure
and neglect
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all bids
if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS— For Burial of Indigent Dead—
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, April 19, 189 S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 864
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
SEALED PROPOSALS v .1 be received In open
session of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
DAY AFTERNOON. April 25, 1898, from 2:30
to 3 o'clock, for the interment of the indigent
dead as are required to be burled at the charge
of the City and County of San Francisco, in-
cluding the City and County Smallpox Hospi-
tal, for the term of ont* year, beginning July
1. ISS*B. and ending June 30, 1899, in such ceme-
tery or cemeteries in this or other counties
wherein burials may be allowed.
NOTICE— The eof na to be made of three-
quarter-inch surface redwood clear lumber, to
be lined with muslin and pillowed Inside and to
be shellacked and varnished outside, and the
tops to be fastened down with not less than
six screws. In all smallpox cases the coffin
shall be lined with No. 10 zinc instead of with
muslin, and hermetically sealed, and all coffins
used must be subject to the Inspection and ap-
proval of the officer in charge of the institu-
tion from which the body of the decedent is to
be buried, and must in all cases be taken to
such Institution for the purpose of having the
deceased placed therein.
No bid will be considered from any party
who has not been engaged in the undertaking
business in this city and county and conducted
said business In a reputable manner for a per-
iod of at least blx months immediately preced-
ing the date hereof.
The crave to be excavated to a depth of at
lea£t six feet.
NO body to be removed from the Institution
where it lies awaiting burial within a period
of twenty-four hours after death, except by ex-
press order of the Superintendent or officer in
charge of said Institution.
The contractor will be required in all cases
on the death of the indigent person from in-
fectious disease to inter the body of said de-
cedent within such time as may be designated
by notice from the Superintendent or officer
In charge of the Institution where the death
may have occurred, and in all other cases
within thirty-six hours after notification by
the proper officer.
The contractor will further be required to
convey the bodies of decedents committed to
his charge for interment direct from the in-
stitution from which he receives the same to
the cemetery, and then and there bury the
same. And will not be permitted upon any
consideration to convey such bodies to any in-
termediate resting place, or to keep the Bame
in his custody for a longer period than that
required for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the friends of any decedent apply at
the institution where such decedent may be ly-
ing awaiting burial, for permission to bury the
same, and prove to the superintendent or offi-
cer In charge of said Institution that their ;.iir-
pose is to provide a decent burial, and .hut
they have no intention and will not allow the
body to be used for the purpose of dlsseotl. n.
then and in that case the body of said decease 1
shall be delivered to said friends, who sh.ill
take charge thereof and make the necessary
arrangements for the funeral with any under-
taker they may think fit; but in such event
the contractor aforesaid shall have no claim
against the city for the burial of said Ue-
The party to whom the contract may be
(.warded shall be required, in all cases, to pro-
cure fr^m the superintendent of the cemetery
wherein the burinls have been made a cc: 'll-
cate of the proper burial of each person under
the provisions of his contract and of these
■peciflcaUona; and such certificate must. :n all
cases, be attached to the demand of said c-on-
li-HtUor when presented to the Board of Su-
pervisors for approval, and must state the
names of the decedents and the institutions
fr. .m which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the above
conditions the contract shall be terminated by
said city and county.
The party to whom the contr;\?t Is awarded
wMH he required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of said contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three dally news-
papers amounting to three hundred and forty-
five dollars and two cents ($345 02).
All interments of indigent persons the ex-
penses of which must be borne by the cky and
county (other than those from any of the pub-
lic institutions) must be authorized by the
Health Officer issuing a permit therefor, and
all lulls for such interments to be approved by
the Health Oflker prior to being presented to
this board All demands for the burial of In-
digent persons from any of the public insti-
tutions to be approved by the superintendent
of th» institution at which the death occurs,
prior to being presented to this board.
BldCert will estimate and state a specific
amount for each Interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Hoard has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five hundred ($.7») dollars.
In favor of and made payable to the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors, must be depos-
ited by the bidder, conditioned that If the pro-
posal Is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if tVw bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the contract and
give a bond of five thousand ({6000) dollars,
required within six days after the award Is
made then, and in that case, the said sum
shall be collected and paid into the City and
County Treasury by said CWk. as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all bids
If the nubile good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
TO BUILDERS— SeaIed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common
Schools In open session of the Board of Edu-
cation on WEDNESDAY, April 27. 1898. at
3-30 o'clock p. m.. for repairing the brick
chimneys, pediments, etc.. in the Clrls' High
School building on Scott and Geary streets.
In conformity with the specifications to be
seen at the office of T. J. Welsh, architect
of said board, room 95, Flood building.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check In the sum of two hundred and
fifty (25(i) dollars, made payable to the order
of the Secretary of the Board of Education,
conditioned that if the proposal be accepted
and the contract awarded, and If the bidder
shall fall or neglect to execute a written
agreement and give the bond required with-
in six days after the award is made, then
and in that case the said check shall be for-
feited to the Board of Education.
The board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids, as the public good may requite.
The party to whom this contract is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of
execution of the contract, to pay the cost
of advertising.
CHARLES W. WELCH, Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Burea
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Departmen
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon, Ma
10, ISHS, and publicly opened Immediate
thereafter, to furnish at the Naval Hosplti
nnd the M. and S. Storehouse, Mare Islam
c.-il the dally supply of meats, grocerle
butter, eggs, cheese ice. milk, bread, veg
tables and provender for the fiscal year em
ing June 30, 1599. Blank proposals will I
furnished upon application to the Naval Ho
nltal Mare Island, Cal., or to the Navy Pa
Office, San Francisco. Cal. EDWIN STE\N
ART, Paymaster-General. U. S. N.
3FFICB ~C. Q. M-t Vancouver Barracks, Wash
Aprii 14 1898.— Sealed proposals, in trlpllcat
will be received here until 11 o'clock, a. m
May 14 IS9S, and then opened for furnlshin
and delivery at Vancouver Barracks, Wash
Portland, Or., San Francisco, Cal., or els
where, stationery required In Depaitmant
the Columbia. Information furnished on ap-
plication. U. S. reserves right to reject or
accept any or all proposals, or any part
thereof. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production or manufacture, condi-
tions of quality and price (Including in
the price of articles of foreign produc-
tion or manufacture the duty thereon)
being equal, and such preference given
to articles of American production or
manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast
to the extent of the consumption required by
the public service there. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals should be marked: "Proposals
for Stationery," and addressed J. W.
JACOBS, Q. M.
MONTGOMERY, 627, cor. Clay— Open until 9:J»
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
BUSINESS PERSONALS. "
ELECTRIC lights and other alterations : have
greatly improved my parlors; hair dressing,
. 25c; good, switches, $1; best, finest quality,
$3 50; extra heavy, long. $5; open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
CHAS. CHESTER, the Stationer, formerly. 919
Broadway, moved to 1155 Washlnston St.,
Oakland; new stock stationery and notions.
A SUCCESSFUL, treatment for wrinkles; trial
given; electricity given for falling of the
hair. Hairdressing Parlors, ■ 9i£ Stockton st.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant ax.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic stimulates a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton «t.
STAMMERING and stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 670 33d st., Oakland. Cal.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 room»,
25c to $160 per night; $1 50 to $8 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 535 Clay St., x S. F.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
BUTT to order on • easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth,
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made. over. 6 Eddy st., mi. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 1 916 Market st. '
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will ieveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
■ diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, andclalrv.;sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
TOUR future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st. jv_
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MISS ANNA SCHULTZ— Palmistry and card-
reading. 203 O'Farrell. room 10.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
ail questions; L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— in ncr pro-
fession; never falls; advice; selp. 929 Post.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent .to any address in the United
• States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage
free.
SPIRITUALISM.
MEDIUMS' Ass.n — Test meeting to-night; Mrs.
Robinson. Finnican, Mayo, Steers. 997 Mar-
ket st. Free.
CAL. Hall. Oakland. Clay and Eleventh. MME.
YOUNG'S meeting to-night; 10c: boy orator.
MRS. SEELEY, test meeting to-night at 1133
Mission St.; test to all. 10c.
MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
lngs $1; clr. Tues.. Fri., 2 p. m. Sat.. 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton St.: old No. 21S.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth st., room 14.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght St. ■ - '■
HYPNOTISM-
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued; diseases and habits cured.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in
probate, life Insurance, goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mc-
COLGAJC. 24 Montgomery St.. room S. '
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 8. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
$5 UP to any amount, on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st;tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval" low rates: no commission; 525 up;
private party. BONNKLLI, 130 Powell st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on their
personal notes. Address Loan, box 3322. Call.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commlß. ; low interest Rm. 68. 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
uate, etc. Room 7. 508 California st.
ISO TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2(J mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY WANTED.
, nj . .-,
WANTED — on mortgage: 8 per cent; im-
proved income-bearing city property. " Box
3166. Call office. ■'
FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc. ; lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
TAWNHROKKRS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of. all Invalids,' men and women;
tO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; -cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female' diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no. danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., S3
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A I TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
homo In confinement; comfort and privacy;
cure $5; pills $1; every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free and confidential. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk St., near Jonts.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
. possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital: those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
PR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult * free, only ,■ doctor ; who uses
Schenck'n method, the celebrated French phy-
sician; safe, sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause;, restores . strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice; home; best skill; low fees: pills. $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's irregulari-
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the cause
may be; treatment by mall, or call at Pr.
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market St. $5
and 10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when -others fall;, no medicine or
Instruments; • every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, ' no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day: never fails; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities , (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at
office. $5: consultation free; hours 10 to 5.
PR. AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
11 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
' , facturing Co., , 531 • X St., Sacramento, C»J.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to tydles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
DRS ELY. late of Ohio, 71 Fourth St.— Ladles'
■ l re cure; any, all; cure at office, $5; pills, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz;" Infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st. :
DR. HALL. 69 McAllister • st. ; diseases of wo-
,■ men* and children. • :
1 HOME In confinement; diseases of :'■ women.
' - MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$6500— SPLENDID modern 10-room residence:
cream Presidio Heights: bargain. FLINN,
KRIOBAUM & CO., 238 Montgomery st.
$1200— NEW house of 4 rooms and bath; lot
26x125: 14-foot cellar; ■ brick foundation; on
Douglass st. SPECK. 602 Market St. [
$2675— COTTAGES, 5 rooms and attic; easy
terms; Liberty St.. near Castro; open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON, Builder.
MILL VALLEY: for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished. Apply at 526 Turk st.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
COUNTRY property for sale— l6o acres; 110 in
orchard; SO in full bearing; best varieties;
prunes, pears, peaches, olives, apricots; Pla-
cer County, 3 miles . from Folsom; house,
barn, outbuildings, etc.; fruit-dryer and with
cellar; pumping: plants; this property cost
$3u,0C0; can be bought now for $12,000; owner
must sell: this year's crop estimated from
$2000 to $3000; part cash; would exchange.- J.
S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. .
SNAP 8 acres, Belmont, only $1200; easy
■ terms; catalogue free. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
TEHAMA County, 80 acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
larkspur real estate.
bea^jtTf^HTlho^ie^^n^larkspur.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms ;4s minutes
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EDDY, — Furniture of 10 rooming house for
unimproved lot; onwner must leave city. s
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To purchase . from 2 to 5 acres of
land in San Mateo Co., near county line; no
objection if near cemeteries. W. W., box
ISO 2. Call Office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BUYERS, ATTENTION. >
SPLENDID OPPORTUNITIES.
You can name your own price for the very
cream of Oakland Real Estate
AT THE
FIRST GRAND AUCTION SALE,
SATURDAY, APRIL 23.
INVESTMENTS,
HOMES, .
BUILDING LOTS,
COTTAGES,
RENTING PROPERTY,
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
On Easy Terms. • '.-iv .• i:
THE LARGEST AND MOST ATTRACTIVE
SALE EVER HELP IN THIS CITY.
The Pick of Oakland's CHOICEST INSIDE
PROPERTY. DOVT MISS IT.
SEND' FOR CATALOGUE.
REMEMBER! NEXO" SATURDAY!
2 O'CLOCK, AT SALESROOMS.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
901 Broadway, corner Eighth St., Oakland.
COMPLETE chicken rnr<;h in Frultvale, now
ready for the business// It Is the best sec-
tion in the State for c>v,cken raising; rent $5
per month, or will sell «it a bargain and on
terms to suit buyer. >•- Z. JONES, Owner,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway. Oakland.
GREAT bargain; 6-rbo£» house; Center st,
Oakland; $1100. v "
MUST be sold— Corner lit. 100x150, with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from .arrow gauge depot:
will be sold In whole o> part; offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. 814 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSES TO LET IN OAKLAND.
Corner cottage. 5 rooms $17
Lower sunny flat, 5 rooms 12
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms ; 14
2-story neat 6-room house 18
■ Choice sunny 8-room house 22
10-room residence, fine 50
These and many more, both larger and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOLF. 1058 Broadway.
' OAK LA N D ROOM S .
TRANSIENT rooms, 50c to $1 night: also by
the month. 821 Market, % block from station.
BAY-WINDOW suite: estab. dentist's office;
also complete housekpg rms. 856 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, 662 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms.
with board: private: large yard.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. ECHELLHAAS' old . store. 438
' Eleventh et., Oakland.
OAKLAND MEDIUM. \
MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
cordial^- invites the public to call; business
readings. 875 Washington st., r. 3, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
_ i, . ..< iz ■ — • . ,
$750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse. :■; — i
$1200— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms. .
' $1600— Lot 60x150; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month: lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station -and n!gn- school.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
quire 258 Fourth, corner . Folsom. . ; 
FOR — Near university, house of 8 rooms;
large lot: will be sold very reasonably If
sold quickly. JAS. J. MASON, Real Estate.
Berkeley station.
SNAP— For sale cheap or exchange, large cor-
ner lot and 6-room house In Berkeley; bath;
high basement; brick foundation; line gar-
den; windmill; small amount cash, balance
on easy Installments: also corner lot and 2-
story house in West Oakland on the above
terms. Call on ISAACS. 409 O'Farrell, S. F.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business . practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue. '
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges: accredited
j with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc. :
day and evening sessions; ref., Pres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES 1 Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction- in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr"s counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, . 855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate; French,
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
~ MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:
W. F. Howe and Charlotta B. Cassle. 23-16.
E. E. Levillain and Emily L. Lavlgne, 24-22.
W. C. Gomm and Theresa A. Cleary, 32-27.
.George Haub and Anna R. Horgan, 25-22. .
John J. Rrusher and Clara M. Mulcahy, 26-20.
Peter V. Johnson and Helene Ungemach, 32-32.
" BIRTHS— MARBIA6ES—PEATHS,
Birth, ■ marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. ■ They ■ must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the s&me pub-
lished.
BORN.
DUGGAN— In this city, April a, 1898, to the
wife of Charles J. Duggan, a son.
WANK— April ', 19, 1898, to the : Wife of : Mose
Wank, a son. . . /, .», ■ -
MARRIED. > v". ~
BROWN— HORTON— In this city, April 11, IS9B.
by „ the Rev. Edwin ■H. Jenks, Matthew D.
• • Brown nnd Minnie E. ■ Horton. :
HOFFMANN— Alameda, April 13.
1808, by the Rev. W. Brandes, Clarence Ralph
Ross and Edna Jewel Hoffmann.
DIED.
Bolan, George W. Johnson. Nellie M.
Bradley, Patrick Kayser, Fred
Buckelew, Mrs. Kate Kinr sbury, Mrs. M.
Callaway, Elizabeth Lindley. Mrs. Kate
Carney, Pat-ick Lyden, Margaret J.
dark. John J. O'Connor, Mary
Doody, Mrs. Ellen Parson, vt. E.
Gibson. Otto Rapptn, I>r. Gabriel
Glllespie, chnrles tiler, Anna
Haefele, Andrew Srhulz. Carl
Hansen, Am.ie Stephens. Louis
Hayward. Kate T. Walton. Mrs. A. B.
Hoppe, John C.
BOLAN- At Pigeon Point Light Station, April
18, 1898, George W. Bolaa, a native of Wln-
terpoint. Me., aged 73 years.
CTlntcrment at Fescadero, San Mateo
County, Cal.
BRADLEY— In this city, April 17. 1398, Pat-
rick Bradley, a native of County Derry. Ire-
land, aged ".0 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite 1 to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at MiS'j o'clock, from the par-
lors of MeAvoy <Sr Gallagher, 20 *Mfth street,
thence to St. Mary's Church, California street
and Grant avenue, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BUCKELEW-In this city. April IS, 1898. Mrs.
Kate Buckelew. beloved mother of Hazel and
Fred Lindley, daughter of Mrs. Adelia Ord-
way, and halfsister of Lillian Ordway, a na-
tive of Sacramento, aged 33 years.
CALLAWAy— In this city, April IS. IS9B, Eliza-
beth Hanks, wife of .IT. Norman callaway,
a native of Mey, Caithness, Scotland, aged
35 years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at St.
Luke's Church, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CARNEY— In this city, April 19, IC9B, Pat-
rick, d^arlv beloved husband ..f Annie A.
Carney, a native of County Leltrim, Ireland,
aged 46 years 5 months and 18 days.
[Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at !) o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 18K! Church street, thence to St. Paul'"
Church, where a solemn hlsh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
CLARK— In Vallejo, Cal.. April 13, 1898. John
J.. beloved husband of Sarah Clark, and
father of John R. and William Clark, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 54 years and S months.
DOODY— In this city, April 19, 1898, Mrs. Ellen
beloved wife of the late Michael Doody, ana
mother of Kitty and the late Daniel Doody,
a native of Ireland.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrnv*
(Thursday), at *:30 o'clock, from her lata
residence. H Oak street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
GIBSON— In this city, April 17, IS9B, Otto, be-
loved husband of Anne Gibson, and fathei
of George. Franse and Walter Gibson, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 42 years 2 months and
22 days.
(Ts"Fnend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from .iis late resi-
dence, 28 Board man place, thence to tha
Swedish Society's Hall, 909V6 Market street,
where services will be held, under the aus-
pices of the Swedish Society, at 1:45 o'clock.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GILLESPIE— In this city, April IS, 1599,
Charles Gillespie, a native of the parish of
Moville, County Donegal, Ireland, aged 41
years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lata
residence, 154 Tehama street, off Third,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HAEFELE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, April 19, 1898, Andrew Haefele. a native
of Of rmany, aged 3v years.
HANSEN— In this city. April IS, 1898, Annie
M., beloved Infant daughter of Andrew and
Matilda Hansen, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months.
C7"Friendfi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 26 I'tah street, off Potrero
avenue, between Twenty-fifth and Twenty-
sixth streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
HAYWARD— In this city, April 19, 1898. at the
residence of her mother, Mrs. Mary Dough-
erty, 157 Octavia street. Kate T.. beloved
wife of Darwin L. Hayward of Santa Rosa,
a native of Benlcla, Cal.
E~?"Funeral at Santa Rosa.
HOPPE — In Claremont, Alameda County, April
18, 1898, John C, beloved husband of Cather-
ine Hoppe, and father of Edward and Arthur
Hoppe and Mrs. Franklin Welker. a native
of Germany, aged 55 years 11 months and 5
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the German
M.' E. Church, Seventeenth street, near San
Pablo avenue, Oakland. Friends will please
omit flowers. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, April 19, IS9S. Nellie
M., beloved wife of Charles H. Johnson,
mother of Charles G.. Frank C, Eva V.,
Earl W.. Allan R. and Christabel M. John-
s' n. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. Conlon,
and only sister of Mrs. J. Stapleton, a na-
tive of California, aged 37 years 5 months and
13 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2416 Howard street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KAYSER— In San Jose, April 19, IS9B, Ired, be-
loved son of Fritz and Mary Kayser, and
brother of Albert. Tillie, William, Hermann
and Frances Kayser.
ICTThe funeral will be held to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Woodrow's
undertaking parlors, 117 South First street.
KINGSBURY— In Santa Clara. Anril 17. 1898,
Mrs. M. C. Kingsbury, a native of Indiana,
aged 75 years.
LINDLEY— In this city, April 18, 1898, Mrs.
Kate Lindley, beloved mother of Hazel and
Fred Lindley. daughter of Mrs. Adelia Ord-
way, and sister of Stewart Hight and Lillian
and James Ordway, a native of Sacramento,
aged 33 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at - o'clock, from ncr late resi-
dence. 214 Leavenworth street. Interment
private.
LYDEN— In this city, April 19, IS9R. Margaret
J., beloved daughter of Mr. ; nd Mrs. JWartln
Lyden of Thompson, Pa., sister of Delia Ly-
den Kauert of Sacramento, md niece of Mr.
and Mrs. John Mogan, and cousin of Mary,
Maggie and Joseph A. Mogan, aged 20 years.
O'CONNOR— In this city. April 19. 189S, Man.',
wife of Patrick O'Connor, a native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 67 years.
IC7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from ncr late
residence, r2."r 2." Myrtle avenue, thence to St.
Mark's Cathedral, where a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
PARSON— In this city, April 15, 1898. Dr.
Edward Parson, a native of England, aged
60 years.
tCTTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 11 o'clock, at Grace Church, corner
California and Stockton streets. Interment
Masonic Cemetery-
RAPPIN— In this city, April 18. 18P8, Dr. Ga-
briel F., beloved husband of Marie Rappln,
and father of Victoria, Matilda and Emma
Rappin, a native of Switzerland, aged 67
years 3 months and 25 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1608 Stockton street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
SCHALLER— In this city, April IS, IS9B, sud-
denly, of heart failure, Anna, dearly beloved
wife of Henry Schaller. a native of Amt
Lilienthal. Germany, aged 55 years 10 months
and 12 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
SCHULZ— In this city. April 19. 1898, Carl, be-
loved husband of Louisa Sc.hulz, and father
of. Mrs. Gretchen Herby and Fritz, Paul,
Max, Otto and Ernst Schulz, a native of
Germany, aged 71 years 3 months and 23
days A member of Johannis Lodge Union
of the Friends of Men in the Orient, of Trier.
Germany.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 805 Harrison street, thence to Ma-
sonic Temple, corner of Post und Montgomery
Btreets, where funeral services vill be held,
under the ausnices of Hermann Lodye No.
127, F. and A. M., commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment private.
STEPHENS— In the City and County Hospital,
April 19. IS9S. Louis Stephens, a native of
Greece, aged 53 years.
WALTON— In Alameda, April I<s, IS9S. Mrs.
Angelina B. Walton, aged S3 years 1 month
and 7 days.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clatlon— The regular monthly requiem high
masa for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated
in Pt. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner
streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & KMBALMER9 g
U> *IITH BT., Opp. Lincoln Sohool.
Telephone, South 80. 8^
jyicfW/O-Y" «fc CO.,
! I FUNERAL DIKECTOKS AND EMBALMER3, I
i I 1235 JJarkot St.. between Sth and 9th. •
I Telephone, South 247^ j
Estab. 1868. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the on
of oui patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
1314
MELBA MAKES HER BOW
LAST night at the California Thea
ter the short season of Italian
opera was commenced with a per
formance of Verdi's "La Travt
ata," in which Melba lived up to the
glory of her name, and at which San
Francisco lived up to the glory cf her
traditions. In fact, the town started a
nice new set of traditions, of which it
has stood in sore need these many
years, during which the old ones lost
their bloom and circumstance in the
shuffle. I feel more than ever con
vinced that we need only a few such
inducements as Melba to get the name
of being the most reckless town of the
atrical spendthrifts on the map, in
stead cf the low-spirited, impecunious
growlers we are now held to be by the
metropolitan managers who have failed
to touch our treasure with second-rate
and second-hand attractions. If Melba
was a success last night — and she was
to the last limit to every one there who
knew just what to expect and how
much — so was Pan Francisco. The
cr. '\vd made n<> moan over the seven
dollar schedule of -prices: it packed the
small theater from orchestra rail to the
last inch of sardine space in the gal
lery; it was something like 2500 strong,
and the box i fflce receipts were exactly
$7800. Ban Francisco cheerfully paid
the price of nut having an opera
house.
Every woman knows that her gowns,
jewels "and other personal scenery and
ts stand less chance of being seen
In the California than in any of the
theaters here. The "inline of the audi
torium, the rise of the main lloor. the
very crowded uncomfortableness of the
seats themselves, all conspire to make
"dressing low" an ungrateful invest
ment. So it is only just to attribute the
:ity of Parisian gowns and priceless
gems i" the theater rather than to the
prices and the times. And I am sure
that no one of sound judgment in these
little matters of elegance paid the
slightest attention to the gossips who
whispered it around the lobby that the
fabulous price of seats had knocked
diamonds out of fashion for several
months to come, and that more mort
gages had been recorded in the last
week than in any other of local record.
This was a base canard, set afloat by
jestful tongues. It is true that
most of the crowd came in cable cars,
that fierce tiaras of diamonds did
not smite the eye at every glance; but
there was a modest string of carriages
along the curb, a necklace or two and
quite a myriad of bracelets, and many
belated earbobs and no end of rhine
hair fixtures burning warmly in
the half lierht of the theater.
And in point of deportment the au
dience struck me as admirably at good
will with Itself and the art it listened
to. It was ;in audience calm, comely
and distinguished, sure of what it liked
and ever, surer of what it didn't: it
applauded at the little applauding sta
tions which Verdi so carefully marked
off in his most ingeniously undramatic
opera, and on several occasions the up
per part of it shouted with an enthusi
asm that was justifiable and splendid
to hear. But I would better leave the
audience to a more capable pen and
get down to the business of the per
formance.
We have heard ■'Traviata" all the
way from Patti to the Tivoli; it is an
old pong. Dramatically it is always
a.n atrocious mutilation of a good play;
musically it is still a gush of good
natured Italian melody, punctuated by
dyspeptic recitatives. The melody of it
is clear, rippling and insistent. As in
everything that Verdi has touched, the
melodic inspiration is beyond question.
But these very tunes, pretty and amia
ble as they are. with theirdainty flut
ings and embroideries, are just the sort
that do not illustrate the story "f
Camille— they distort, grotesque it.
There is not one tear of real emotion in
the whole opera. In fact, poor Cam'.lle
is taken not only out of her century
and tongue, but out of her color and
senses as well.
It is "nly when a great singer, a Patti
or a Melba, lifts these incongruities on
the top of her voice and makes every
thing subsidiary to the spell of tone and
WRECKED IN A
DEAD CALM
Two Vess.els Drift To
gether Off Black
Point.
The Garfield and Inveran
say Meet in Mid-
Stream.
In the calm vratorfl of the ba/ last
night two vessels drifted together and
narrowly escaped becoming a total
loss under circumstances so unusual as
to be cause for comment.
Thp schooner James A. Garfleld, Cap
tain Franke, was coming in on the flood
tide with a light wind. When off Black
Point she was suddenly becalmed, ren
dering the rudder useless. Despite all
efforts she began drifting and soon ran
afoul of the British bark Inveransay.
Tlie two vessels struck with that hor
rible rasping sound which strikes ter
ror to the hearts of the most seasoned
mariners, and in a few minutes both
were badly wrecked.
The Garfleld lost her jibboom and
fore rigging and the starboard cathead
was completely carried away, besides
which considerable damage was done
to her decks and starboard sides. The
Inveransay had her main and fore rig
ging carried away, lost her starboard
light and considerable damage was
done on her decks. A boat 23 feet long
which she carried on her decks was
ground to pieces, and not a trace of It
could be found after the two vessels
were separated.
This was Captain Frank's first voy
age as master of a schooner and he
feels very sore over the accident, al
though, owing to the peculiar circum
stances, it is thought little or no blame
can be attached to him. The vessel was
becalmed and totally at the mercy of
the tides. The Garfield was four and a
half days out from Grays Harbor, and
carried a cargo of lumber consigned to
the Simpson Lumber Company of this
city.
The Inveransay arrived from New
castle on March 15 with a cargo of coal
•ad was to have left to-day tor
MEETING OF YIOLETTA AND ALFREDO IN THE BRILLIANT BANQUET SCENE.
technique, that "Traviata" becomes of
artistic value. Last night Melba reim
mortalized it. You felt that it was a
piece written to sound the perfections
of her perfect vocal instrument. Cer
tainly Melba can sins greater parts
than Violetta, parts wherein are vital
music and strenuous dramatic unities;
but I doubt if there is one other in all
opera that tempts the spontaneity, lis-
Bomeness and polish of her voealism to
a finer triumph. Once free your mind
of the idea that Violetta is Camille,
that "Traviata" bears any relationship
to one of the strongest emotional
dramas that ever came out of France,
and Melba gives to this fantastic part
an identity that is absolutely unforget
able.
The company with which Messrs.
Damrosch and Ellis have s rrounded
Melba is neither more nor less than I
anticipated in touching on the season
last Sunday. Bimboni, with a good
band of thirty-eight, proved himself
an admirable leader, sure and magnet
ic without being in the least tempes
tuous, and directing with quiet author
ity and remarkable refinement.
The chorus seems to have been re
cruited here, if I am any placer of facf«,
and it did its unexacting work very de
cently. And the scenery is not making
its first appearance at the California.
Campana.ri was almost an ideal Ger
mont. His barytone is warm, true, and
his tone beautifully round except for a
few slight affectations.
Salignac turned out to be no* much
a bad Alfredo after all. He wore his
clothes with difficulty and dodged the
key now and then, but on the whole he
was a very comfortable if not entirely
worthy tenor.
However, it was not the company
but Melba that the town went to hear;
Galvahuamo with a load of grain. The
accident will prevent her sailing, and it
will be some time before the damage
can be repaired.
SOLDIERS WILL ENTERTAIN.
A Military Exhibition That Will
Serve a Patriotic Purpose.
The entertainment to be given by the
First Infantry. National Guard, at the
Mechanics' Pavilion next Friday evening
will be a thorough demonstration of
actual soldiering. It will be a strictly
military exhibition, with musical and
dancing features added, and the local
soldiers will surprise the public by their
efficiency in drill, maneuvers, etc. The
twelve companies comprising the regi
m?. nt -,'^ ve boen Practicing for weeks, and
fully 1000 carefully drilled men will partic
ipate. There will be interesting features
aside from the main - display, and the
ladies will be given an opportunity of
witnessing the process of preparing a
camp meal. It will be a novel and most
interesting as well as instructive, exhi
bition, the like of which has never been
seen in this city. The admission price is
2o cents.
WANTED WHISKY BADLY.
L. Laird Ordered Two Barrels and
Tried to "Bunko" His Dealers.
L. Laird was arrested last evening by
Officer W. J. Smith and charged at the
, City Prison with attempting to pass a
\ "'bogus" check. While bargaining for two
barrels of whisky with McLeod & Hatje
; 013 Market street, a check was presented
! on the Bank of Bakersfield for the sum
! of $480. The paper presented appeared to
I be out of the general order, and the ofii
i cers were notified, which ended in the
arrest.
Stole Some Clothing.
Burglars last Monday evening entered
the residence of Thomas Chadbourne at
137 Hyde street and stole a miscellaneous
assortment of jewelry and wearing ap
the^reatVindrr WaS effeCted through
~*~
BALL-TOSSERS STBIKE.
Seven Were Said to Have Been Drop
ped From the Gilt Edges.
SACRAMENTO. April 19— It was re-
P ??i? d ,l?.V ! T.*r nlKht seven members
of the Gilt Edge Baseball Club of the Pa
cific States League struck for higher
wages to-day and were summarily dis
charged by Manager Krlpp.™™ o ordered i
Jhem to turn in their uniforms which !
♦ £ ey v ifL , Kripp is a'leged to havetol I
the discontented players th-it ho r-m,M
fill their places with hotter mon in an
n be y ff O u ca nd < : her - «2^SBS%a
Fire Near San Jose.
SAN JOSE April 19.-The fine residence
of W..G. Cotter, on Saratoga road, south
west of this city, was destroyed by fire
tMa forenoon. Loss, $5000; . insurance
— • •
; RING & BAKER, 1302. Market street,
sell "STANDARD 1 ; shirt* «*^tj
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 20, 1898.
and the performance from beginning
to end was her personal victory.
I can recall but one episode in her
singing which was not wholly satis
fying, and that was in the "fors c
lvi," where hef voice Bounded clouded
almost to dullness, but she recovered
herself in the recitative that follows
and traced the fancy work of the
"Seinpro Libre" with untarnished
sparkle and unimpeachable execution.
From then on through the second act,
with the most fragile mezzo voice to
the passionate duet with Alfredo and
the closing trio, and then the "Addlo"
and the Trovatore-like duet of the
last act and the final death seene — to
recount these in detail would be. one
long catalogue of praise.
As to the supremacy of Patti or
Melba it is a matter of tenses; there
was but one Patti. and there is but
one Melba. ASHTON STEVENS.
WHO WERE THERE.
Music Lovers of All Degrees
Crowded the House, One in
Their Appreciation of Art.
Members of the younger generation
who have been fed on the glorious tra
dition of a "Patti night" seem doomed
t" disappointment, or the sadder al
ternative of letting the splendor and
glitter which is always associated with
the diva's name degenerate into a le
gend.
Melba, the acknowledged queen of
song, opened at the California last
evening and everybody was there to
greet her. But there were no price
CELTS TO HOLD
A BIG FAIR
Extensive Plans for Rais-
ing Funds to Erect
an Irish Hall.
Industries Peculiar to the Green
Isle to Be Attractively
Illustrated.
There was a large and enthusiastic
meeting of the Celtic Union, which is a
federation of the Irish societies of this
city, at K. --. B. Hall last evening.
Jeremiah Deasy, president of the ex
ecutive committee, presided in the ab
sence of the president of the union,
Colonel Barry. Routine business was
quickly disposed of so that the dele
gates could hear proposals as to the
contemplated Irish Fair. An Irish Fair
has been under discussion for a year
or more and the success of the fairs
held in Chicago and New York greatly
encouraged those in favor of the plan
here.
The object of the fair is to obtain
funds or rather a good working basis
for an Irish hall in this city.
Mr. Buckley, who has so successfully
1 managed similar enterprises in various
| cities in the East and on this coast, laid
his plans before the union. As a neces
sary preliminary it was decided by the
union to hold a fair in the fall. As an
other necessary preliminary an amount
of money on hand, estimated at about
$1000, was called for. A gentleman pres-
I ent said he was so sure of the success
Jof the undertaking that he was pre-
I pared to advance the necessary amount.
It was decided to begin work at once,
; and accordingly correspondence will be
i at once entered into with those having
I charge of the Chicago Irish exhibits
and with people in Irel'.nd, so that
there will be a very complete exhibit.
The Pavflion will be at once engaged.
Mr. Buckley was engaged as i...ui
ager, and the following executive com
mittee, with full power to act, was ap
pointed:
Colonel Thomas F. Barry, ex-officio;
Jeremiah Deasy. John I.lulhern, Mrs.
H. Mulverhill, C. B. Flanagan, J. H.
McGinney. The committee will meet
next Thursday to begin work. The fair
will last about a month and it is ex
pected that it will be very successful
less laces, no fabulous jewels, no gor
geous gowns.
A few welcomed the great singer in
attire of rustling silk or glimmering
satin, but the majority had its Sun
day best on with an added frill or
Jewel as a sort of concession to the
great event.
The California is not a house that,
managerially speaking, "dresses pretti
ly." Gowns must be more than gor
geous, jewels more than ordinarily
brilliant, to make a showing at the
Hush-street house.
The "fringe" that lined the auditori
um and filled the lobby to overflowing
loomed up beautifully. Lines of swal
low tails and gorgeous shirt fronts
leaned gracefully down either side of
the house, which was dotted here and
there with an enduring music, lover in
handsome toilette and fetching Easter
bonnet.
The dressing was not governed by
seat location. Way down to the front,
within an arm's length of Bimboni's
baton, the tailor-made girl enjoyed the
songstress' dulcet tones, brushing her
well -starched cuffs against the fair
arms and gleaming shoulders of a vi
sion in pink tulle. Even the sailor hat
was present and bobbed with enthusi
asm to the measures in Verdi's Travi
ata.
The same diversity of toilette pre
vail. ■<! in the upper realms of the house.
In tho gallery, side by side with the
outing suit, the dainty silk grown and
fluffy chiffon corsage met on equal
terms in the common love of art and
music.
As with the dressing, so with the ap
plause. Smashing all traditions, the
gailery ]od not in the inspiring greet
ing to the singers, but palm met palm
in delightful discord intermittently and
and a large amount will be realized for
the Irish hall.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES.
Session of the Grand Lodge of Cali
fornia—Grand Officers Are to
Be Elected To-Day.
The first meeting nf the eleventh an
nual session of the Grand Lodge of the
Knights nnd Ladles of Honor was hHd
yesterday in Pythian Castle., Grand Pro
tector Mrs. Belle W. Conrad in the
chair.
Tho reports of the grand officers were
presented and referred, after the com
mittee on credentials had certified to
those entitled to scats.
In her r port the grand protector stated
that while the -order in this State had
not made any remarkable advance dur
ing the year it had not retrograded, and
that financially it was in better condi
tion than at the previous session. In her
report she also stated that Berkeley and
Seal Rook lodges had surrendered their
charters and that the secretary of the
last named lodge had departed for the
East, leaving the affairs of the lodge in
a deplorable condition, the minutes not
having been written up and there being
a deficiency In his cash account; but that
nothing could be done as he was not un
der bonds, as the lodge should have re
quired biin to be.
The time of the afternoon was taken
up In tho discussion of the reports. At
11 o'clock this morning the election of
grand officers will be held. For the of
fice of grand protector .there will be three
candidates—}}, c. Traphagen, Mrs. L. J.
Wheeloek and Z. T. Whltton, and for
gra^d secretary, vice S. I?. Carleton, who
will tender his resignation, there will
also lie three candidates" Mrs. A. Graff,
H. W. Quitzow and A. Gompertz.
On Monday night the delegates were
entertained by Aurora Lodge and last
night they were entertained by West End
Lodge.
During the day the Grand Lodge re
ceived a telegram of congratulation from
Supreme l'rotector L. B. Loekha.rd.
Tho supreme protector contemplates
moving his headquarters from Bradford,
Pa., to Toledo. Ohio, and after the Ist of
May the publication of the Sentinel, the
official organ of the order, will be in the
vicinity of Chicago instead of San Fran
cisco.
Death of Dr. Bappin.
Dr. G. F. Rappin, who died in this city
on the ISth inst. at his residence, was
one of the oldest physicians in this
city, having been in active practice for
over thirty years. He was charitably in
clined and for years had practiced his
profession without a great deal of com
pensation. He leaves a family which is
highly respected by a large number of
friends and acquaintances.
News From the Mission.
New spring carpets just received: Ax
minsters. 95 cents; tapestries, 55 cents:
host linen warp matting, 20 cents; china
matting. 10 cents. In the curtain depart
ment finest assortment of drapery goods;
portieres and curtains away below down
town prices. Best drapery silk in plain
or fancy colors, 35 cents per yard. Patto
sien Company, corner Sixteenth and Mis
sion streets. *
from various parts of the house.
The only relic of a Pattl night was
the crowd that gathered round the
theater entrance and held its breath
supplied with an unlimited number of
"ohs" and "ahs" for the beauty of the
gowns, the elegance of the opera wraps
and the glitter of the jewels.
That there was not much elegance to
gape at apparently disturbed it not,
and each bang of a carriage door sent
the eager crowd into convulsions of
admiration.
The audience at Thursday evening's
performance promises to be as fash
ionable as the one that assembled last
evening.
Among those present -were:
Mrs. V. illlam I. Kip, the Misses Kip, Mr.
and Mrs. J. R. K. Nuttall, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles A. Baldwin, Miss Mary Eyre,
Charles Holbrook, Miss Olive Holbrook,
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. McCutcbeon, Mr. and
Mrs. Edward G. Schmiedell.
George Hall. Mr. ami Mrs. Henry J.
Crocker, Mrs. Margaret Irwin. Mr. and
Mrs. JSseph Crockett, Miss Crockett, Mr.
and Mrs. E. W. Hopkins, the Misses Hop
kins, Mr. and Mrs. Russell Wilson.
Mr. and Mrs. Sigr. Stern. Mr. and Mrs.
M. Gerstle, O. H. Green wald, Miss Carrie
Taylor. W. H. Taylor, Mrs. W. H. Taylor,
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Crocker, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Sullivan, Mis," Ada Sullivan,
Callaghan Byrn<>, Mr. an 3 Mrs. Downey
Harvey, Harry Simpkins, Mr. and Mrs.. J.
Casserly, Mr. and Mrs. M. H. de Young,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Goewey, Miss Gertie Goe-
wey.
Mr. and Mrs. George Grant, Richard
Tobln, Miss Celia Tobin, Madame Ziska,
Mrs. C. M. Jennings, Miss Bowie, Miss
Friedlander, Dr. and Mrs. J. Whitney,
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Wise, Dr. R. Neu
tnan, Mr. and Mrs. J. Tufts, Mr. and Mrs
1. W. Hellman, Mr*. Tallant. Mr. and
Mrs. M. Leventritt, Julius Wolf, Mrs.
Mrs. J. A. Parlinpr, Mr. and Mrs. Leo
pold Michael. Mr. and Mrs. Landers, Miss
Landers, Mrs. Monroe Salisbury, Miss
Mangaret Salisbury, Miss Kate Salisbury,
Brigadier General and Mrs. Warfield,
Mr. and Mrs. E. Heller, Mr. and Mrs. Ed
]■ oley.
Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Jones, Miss
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. A. Salz, Mrs. Mc-
Lean Martin, Miss Martin, Dr. and Mrs.
Farrell, Mr. and Mrs. Leon Sloss, Mr.
and Mrs. Fremont Older, Mrs. Blethen
Sherwood, Miss Blethen.
Mrs. Head, Miss Anna Head, Harry
Stetson, Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Chapman,
Mrs, Sherwood, Mr. and Mrs. A. Roos,
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Payne.
Mayor Phelan, Mr. and Mrs. George C.
Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. George Pope,
Judge Dunn. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Ma
gee, Mrs. James Marvin Curtis. General
and Mrs. Dickinson, Mr. and Mrs Wil
liam Fries. Armand Cailleau, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Rothchild, J. G. Heeney, Mrs.
Lowenberger. Mrs. L. Thorn, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Mack.
Miss May Hoffman, Robert Hooker,
Mr. and Mrs. James Stewart, Mr. and
Mrs. T. J. Riordan, Mr. and Mrs. J. Chre
tien, Mrs. Josephine de Greayer, Dr. T.
Rottanzl, Miss EfHe Warner. Mr. and Mrs.
H. M. Bosworth, Donald do V. Graham.
Nortnrup Cowles, Mr. and Mrs. Mark
McDonald, Hnughton Sawyer, Miss
Ivee, Mr. and Mrs. H. Kahn, Miss Forbes,
Miss Anita Goodwin, Miss Maud Good
win.
-M;ss Hilda Mr-Donald, Miss Blythe Mc-
Donald. Mr. and Mrs. Comt<\ Colonel
Grannia, Latham McMullen, Henry Mar
tin. Milton Esbergi Marco Hellman, Al
fred Lange.
R. H. Morrow, Mr. and Mrs. T. Magnin,
Miss Luclle Magnin, J. D. Maxwell and
wife. Miss Maxwell, Miss Emma Hunt,
Arthur Callahari, Edwin Landers, Noble
Eaton. Mr. and Mrs. Lipman Sachs.
Mr. and Mrs. Sam Sachs, Mr. and Mrc
Benjamin Won. is. Mr. and Mrs. T. I. Ber
gin, William Finney. Dr. O'Connell. Prince
and Princess Ponfatowski. Mrs. Welhe,
Harry Weibe, Miss Bruvarre. Mr. aha
Mrs. Will Perking. Raphael Weill, Mr.
and Mrs. George m. Habenicht. Mr. and
Mrs. Lake and party, Mr. and Mrs. Kirk
patrick, Harry Gillipr, Colonel Kowalsky,
Dr. and Mrs. Brigham, the Misses Brig
ham.
Mrs. J. J. Rpickor, Mrs. W. S. Leake,
Edward Purser, William O'Connor, Miss
McFarland, Harry McFarland, John D.
Spreckels, Alfred Bnrlini. Mr. and Mrs.
Holhrook. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. WilShire,
Miss Widemann, Miss Mona Widemann,
Mrs. Macfarlane, Miss Stone. George
Polk. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Tilton, Mrs.
Fogette. Mr. and Mrs. Sbarboro, Mrs.
Holladay, Mr. and Mrs. Burke Holladay,
Stephen Harris. Mr. and Mrs. Woodwork,
Mr. Marshal. Mr. Sherman and son, Tom
Williams. Mr. and Mrs. George Borton,
Mr. and Mrs. H. A. Conrad, Ralph Carr,
Mrs. JR. 1!. Ciirr, Mr. and Mrs. W. F.
Keys. I>. B. Russell, Mr. Thall, Mr. and
Mrs. W. F. llerrin. Charles A. Baker,
Thomas .1. Walsh. Mr. and Mrs. E. F.
Preston, Miss Sherman, Mr. and Mrs.
John T. Wright. Mr. and Mrs. Stark, Miss
Ileffron. K. H. Bernard. K. 11. Wakeman,
Melville Marks. S. 11. Friedlander. Louis
Hoenig, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Wise.
AND STILL THE
WAR GOES ON
Loos' Letter, Caustic and
Cruel, Criticizes
Clarke.
Was Never a Super and Has
Only Managed One Cheap
Show Up to Date.
One Way of Getting Stage Parapher
nalia Over the Road With Little
Expense to the Management
If the man who wrote "What Happened
to Jones" would take a week oft and tell
what happened to the man who told what
happened to Jones he would turn out a
comedy that would be replete with ridicu
lous complications and confusing situa
tions.
It is now over a month since the first
one of Clarke's great aggregation of
planitary attractions drifted into the city
and told her tale of woe, and ever since
there have been periodical roasts of the
eccentric manager by different members
of his once-famoua company as they have
arrived in the city from parts where the
grass was shorter. These interesting and
instructive articles, whenever they have
met the eye s^f Clarke, have been vigor
ously replied to, and so the war has gone
on, first one side obtaining the advantage
and then the other:
The following letter, which is self-ex
planatory, is the latest thing that has oc
curred in the situation:
SAN FRANCISCO, April IS. 1S?8.
City Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Mr.
Clarke <coimm)etllan> states In this morning's
Call that I (.his manager) was suner for Mr.
Krawlt-y. 1 wish U< say that I was never in
Mr. Frowley'i employ, and that I haven't even
a personal acquaintance with Mr. Frawley. I
have been a manager for the Kmhraans pre
vious to my unfortunate alliance with Clarke,
and his is the first cheap show with which I
was ever Identified. "Charlie's Aunt," "Jane,"
etc., represent the character of the shows I
have been with.
The real "meat" of Clarke's starring failure
has not been published yet. For genuine sen
sations (criminal libel suits, etc.) it can't be
beaten, as any member of Clarke's company,
except Charles Charters, who wai discharged
for drunkenness and reinstated and is conse
quently silenced, will toll you. Mr. Clarke
made the members ft his company pay their
own fares from Salt Lake to San Francisco,
shrewdly got their tickets into his hands and
checked his excess baggage— scenery, etc. — into
Frisco on their tickets nealnst their remon-
Btsances. You may quote me unreservedly for
this statement. I intend to sue Clarke for my
fare. R. BEERS LOOS.
Late Manager of the late Harry Corson Clarke.
: ADVERTISEMENTS.
This week we will place on sale
the following NEW LINES in our
SILK DEPARTMENT.
New Wash Surahs.
Best aualitUf full 24 inches wide, fast
colors and a splendid variety of designs,
Price, 75c Yard,
New Foulard Silks.
24 inches wide, in an elegant varietg of
new designs, aiso in dots and stripes.
Price, $1.00 Yard.
New Checked Taffeta Silks.
Extra heavy aualitu, yeru handsome color-
ings, suitable for Ladies 5 Waists,
Price, $1.00 Yard.
&&& our window display
of afc>o\/e^ goods.
111. 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
WILL DANCE THE
STATELY MINUET
Mount Moriah Lodge's Colo
nial Booth at the Masonic
Fair.
A Porcelain Exhibit — The Mission
District — The Floral Arrange
ments.
One of the most interesting of the
booths which will he seen at the big festi
val in the Mechanics' Pavilion next month
promises to be that of which the hi lies,
wives and daughters of the members of
Mount Moriah Lodge will have chaise.
In decoration it is proposed to have it <-n
tiniy in the style of '76, and the costim.es
of the ladies will be distinctly colonial. In
keeping with this novel idea during festi
val week the minuet will be danced in the
fancy dress of that period nightly. An
other quite novel thing being done by the
relatives and friends of the members of
Mount Moriah Lodge is the making of a
number of handsome sofa pillows, the
coverings being artistic arrangements of
the various souvenir badges for the fete.
As the material is all silk and of varie
gated color and design, one ca.n imagine
h.iw very easily particular patterns may
be worked charmingly.
Offer has been made by a firm of photo
graphers to tit up a magnificent booth for
the. purpose of showing the latest de
velopment in porcelain work. The process
produces a photograph which it is claimca
is really the only permanent reproduction
of life that is possible. It seems to be
wonderfully clear, too. and the matter is
now under consideration by the executive
committee and may possibly be adopted.
The Mission district of the city is now
coming more enthusiastically to the aid
of the fete than ever before. Meetings
are being held regularly at the new Ma
sonic building, and on Tuesday afternoon
Mission Chapter. O. E. S., had a most en
couraging report to make.
The floral arrangements are scarcely
completed yet, although Mrs. W. Frank
Pierce, who is chairman of the booths
committee, wishes it understood that not
too many can possibly be offered. It is
proposed that fresh flowers, ferns and
palms shall be seen in the Pavilion every
night.
A LITERARY AFTERNOON.
Mrs. Steele Will Discourse on the
Great Pyramid.
The many friends of Mrs. William An
drew of 64(5 Fell street will have the rare
enjoyment of a literary afternoon with
Mrs. Esther B. Steele of Elmira, N. V., on
Friday afternoon next.
Mrs. Steele is a woman of -wide experi
ence and a well-known litterateur. She is
the author of a well-known work on as
tronomy, and several of her works are
now used as text books in the public
schools and other institutions of learning.
The subject of Friday's discussion is "In
the Kinp"s Chamber of the Groat Pyra
mid," and Mrs. Steele is familiar with
this, not only from study but direct per
sonal investigation. Tin" event is one of
those rare ones in society which combines
amusement with a distinct broadening of
the intellectual *<•"[>>■.
Merchants Grow Patriotic.
There was an enthusiastic meetinp of
local merchants in the rooms of 1 1 i •■■
Chamber of Commerce yesterday and sev
eral patriotic speeches on war topics
were made. In conclusion a short resolu
tion was passed to the effect that they
sustained the administration in the pres
ent war erisij and pave their hearty sup
port to the spirit of patriotism in our
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children.
Italia j^jjf sfiFsi * —*8 w
0t ™*tS c 73r7&fc4t4£ wrappoi.
citizens. Also that they indorse the ao
tion of the corporations and employer!
who make provision tor the rptaining o
the positions of such of their employes ai
may he called away in the service of thei:
country either as volunteers or as mem
l't rs of the Naiional Guard, and of th<
idea of making provision for the mainta
nance of their families during their ab
sence.
ADVERTISEMENTS'
.A WAR WITH SPAIN
would find Uncle Sam putting the
proper finish on Alfonso with ease.
It isn't so easy, though, to find a
laundry that can finish off a shirt,
collar or cuff in such an artistic
manner as we turn out every day.
The snowy whiteness and fine fin-
ish that characterize our work is
its best recommendation, and you
. will never entrust it to less ex-
pert hands.
United States Laundry,
Office. 1004 Market street.
Telephone South 420.
B. H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
. COLLECTION,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH 01 ID 0
PERSIAN- fill till
With his last stock, before his departure te
Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 3 P. M.. -
At 106-103 Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless oi
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine goodi
at your own prices.
N. E. CLARK, Auctioneer.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD S
CO. . European plan. Rooms 50c to $150 day
$5 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; ho}
and cold water every room: fire grates in everj
room; elevator rim:- all night.
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claua Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931.
' Residence, 821 California street, below Powtll,
£&n Francisco.