VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 46.
SITUATION
VERY GRAVE
AT HAVANA
Rioters, Better Armed,
Continue Their
Attacks.
Autonomist Leaders the
Objects of the Fury of
the Mob.
Troops Charge the Crowds
and Many Persons Are
Wounded.
VIOLENCE IN THE STREETS.
Now the Cuban Capital Is So Turbu
lent That Martial Law Practically
Prevails.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— A spe
cial cable to the Sun from Ha
vana, via Key West, says: The
situation continues very grave,
with a great deal more fighting
than yesterday, and with ser
ious results. Since last night the
rioters, better armed, have given
haul \vrk to the troops of Gen
eral Ar.-ias, Military Commander
of Havana. In spite of the pres
ence of troops, the rioters,
strongly armed, gathered in
great numbers in prado in
front of the building of the Cen
tro Gallego, or Gallician Club,
and also at Campo de Marte, not
far from there, which is the
largest park in the city. About
midnight they became so threat
ening that General Arolas sent
twocavalry detachments against
th m. The Government forces
charged, and the rioters after
some resistance dispersed.
This evening rioters got to
Central Park again, notwith
standing the heavy forces there,
where several of th*>m took pns
•>f a large one-story
a r.J-n <■> uj.;es ,i whole
block, called Manzana Gomez.
From the top of it they firea
sral shots into Central Park,
lally at the office of
Diario de la Marina, wounding
b. A fierce attack
was made by the tro, , ps on Man
zana Goniez, and the rioters
finally wore dislodged. The
wounded in this sffray were
treattd at the police sanitary
stntion.
Martial law is practically in
force. Th" condition of public
disorder and the tremendous ex
citement continues. Rioters pa
rade the streets in defiance of
the troops, arms in hand and
shouting generally: "Long Live
Weyler!"
•. \ \ *. \ »2 \ 83 % •* £2 »2 •; •; ♦; tt
*' Call Office, Riggs House,
*• "Washington, Jan. 14.
"2 "Our latest advices from Con
•2 sul-Gent-ral Lee are to the effect
** that all is quiet in Havana.
22 Should there be any further out
*. break dangerous to American
% interests a naval vessel will be
•2 dispatched to Havana to afford
c* them protection."
This statement made to-day by As
sistant Secretary of State Day con
tains the latest information received by
the State Department regarding tho
situation in Havana, the attitude of the
administration on this rfew phase of th^
Cuban question and the naval precau
tions which have been taken to m<*r>t
any possible emergency. It may be said
that th^ President will not fe^l easy
until a sufficient length of time has
elapsed to show there is no likelihood
of a repetition in a more aggravated
form of thr- riots of Wednesday. While
hopeful that the Spanish authorities
may be correct in stating that the dan
ger is past, they are fearful that the
recent riots may be more significant
than the Madrid officials are willing to
admit. They are apprehensive that
It may be a death blow to autonomy.
While having no intention whatever of
putting any obstacle in the way of a
tuance of the present Spanish
Cuban policy, th^ administration is
making preparation to meet any con
tingency which may result from the
now situation on the island. As a re
sult of cable dispatches received r-arly
this morning fn m Consul-General Lee
and deliberated upon at the Cabinet
meeting the authorities have been very
"active to-day in perfecting arrange
ments for affording immediate relief for
Americans and their interests in Ha
vana in case they should be seriously
endangered. To show the concern of
th<? President and his anxiety to be
fully prepared for all possible events
it is only necessary to mention that
Commander F. W. Dickens, acting
chief 'of the Bureau of Navigation, ap
peared before the Cabinet to-day and
gave the President and his official fam
ily information in regard to the pres
ent positions of various vessels of the
North Atlantic squadron. As a pre
cautionary measure the President
wants to be assured that the navy is
In condition to meet any new develop
ments that may occur.
The President sincerely hopes that
it will not be necessary for the Maine
to sail for Havana, but. recognizing
the possibilities of the situation, he de-
Elres that there shall be no delay in af
fording protection to American inter
The San Francisco Call
ests, and not only the Maine will be
sent, but other vessels will be ordered
to Cuba should circumstances require
It.
As an indication that the administra
tion does not believe that the Cuban
situation will involve the Tnited States
in war. naval officers point to orders
just issued assigning the Nashville to
the European station. Department offi
cials say if there wore any danger of
trouble every available ship would be
retained on the home station. It is also
understood the Nashville will carry to
Europe a draft of long-time men for
the cruiser San Francisco. This shows
the intention of the administration to
retain the San Francisco as the flag
ship of the European squadron. The
Nashville will take the place of the
cruiser Raleigh, now on her way to the
Asiatic station. The Raleigh will ar
rive at Colombo in a few days, and it
is expected that Commodore Dewey will
direct her to report to him at Naga
saki. There ha? boen no move on the
part of the authorities. BO far as can
be learned, to order any vessels home
from foreign stations.
The North Atlantic squadron, which
has been gathering at Hampton Roads,
is to sail southward to-morrow. Lest
there should be a misunderstanding of
the purpose of the cruise, which has al
ready been described In the orders as
one of evolution and drill, planned
many month? ago. the orders under
which the vessels will proceed have
been made public, and. taken in con
nection with the department's order to
Admiral Pieard. the Navy Department
says, sh<>w that the squadron's move
ments have no reference to Cuba.
These orders are made by Admiral
Blcard, and are issued in identical fcrm
to the commanders of the various ships
making 1 up the squadron. They are
dated at Fort Monroe. January 11, on
board the flagship New York, and be
gin as follows:
Sir: The squadron Is to be prepared to
?ai! from Hampton Roads, weather and
contingent circumstances permitting, with
steam for ten knots, at 10 a. m.. on Sat
urday. January 15, for the vicinity of the
Pry Tortugas, off the coast of Florida.
Vessels will unmoor in the morning watch
unless signal is made to the contrary.
Squadron under sailing orders at 8 a. m.
The order of ships will be: First divi
sion (1). New York: <2>. low:'., making the
first section: (.?> Massachusetts; (4) In
diana, making the second section. Second
division: (5) Texas, first section. The
Fern will proceed singly to Key West un
less otherwise direrted.
The New York. lowa and Indiana will
proceed from Hampton Roads to the first
sea rendezvous off CurrJtuck, N. C, lat.
6.30 N. long. 75.20 W.. In about fifteen
fathoms of water, the lighthouse bearing
W. S. W. 7-8 distant 25 miles, and will re
main in that vicinity, weather permit
ting, until noon Sunday, the ICth. They
will then proceed to a second rendezvous
off Cape Fear. N. C, in eighteen fathoms
of water. Frying Pan Shoal light, being
north distant about seventeen miles, and
remain in that vicinity until about 6 p. m.
Tuesday, January 1?. when they will pro
ceed to Dry Tortugas. communicating
possibly by some light draft vessel with
Key "West in passing that port.
It is expe'-tr-d that the Massachusetts
will leave the navy-yard on Friday, the
14th inst., and th* Texas on Saturday, the
r.'.l: lnst. The Massachusetts will en
d'-nvor to join the Bag first nn the Ci.it
rltuck rendezvous, and, if that is i:
then on the Cape Fear rendezvous. It is
hardly expected that the Texas will be
able to join the flag on xho Curritu<.k
zvous; therefore, dirertly the Mas
sachusetts joins there (prior to noon of
the 19th inst.). the squadron will not then
await the Texas, but proceed to the Cape
Fear rendezvous, and there It is ex;
that the Texas will be ahlf to go in at
6 p. m. on Tuesday. January IS. Should
the Massachusetts miss the flag at both
rendezvous, or should any ship be separ
ated from the flag by weather or other
contingencies, the next, third and Una',
rendezvous will be the harbor of Dry
Tortugas, where they will await the flag.
While the squadron is on the Florida
drill ground, which will include occa
sional anchorages in Dry Tortugas Har-
Continued on Fifth PagA.
NEWS OP THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy on Saturday, but with
out rain: southwesterly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 51 degrees
Portland 50 degrees
Los Angeles GO degrees
San Diego 56 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Rioting Tet in Havana.
McKinley Expected Dole.
McKenna's Confirmation Delayed.
The Jute Bag Scandal.
SECOND PAGE.
The Meeting of Whiskers.
THIRD PAGE.
Pope Leo Said to Favor a Republic.
Riverside Mystery Solved. .
General Clay's Wife In Trouble.
Did Bacon Write Don Quixote?
Made a Dollar Every Minute.
Alaska Boundary Disputes.
Two Railways to the Yukon.
Tiber Lynchers Scared.
The Santa Rosa Stringier.
FOURTH PAGE.
Congress at Work..
Weak Alibi for Winters.
Poet WhittWs Early Love.
FIFTH PAGE.
. Los Angeles School Scandal.
Married Sixty-three Years.
Doctors Disagree on Diphtheria.
News Along the Water Front.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial. •
The Passing of Dole.
Mike It Twenty Thousand.
The Cat Out of the Bag.
Hospital and Zoo".'
The Immigration Question.
Gold in the East..
Plagiarism In the Police Courts.
Stories From the Corridors.
SEVENTH PAGE.
School Board Loses a Suit.
Ordination of a Priest.
An Actor as a Hypnotist.
Capron Cane ; Decided.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Sports of the Day.
NINTH PAGE.
Supervisors Refuse Boxing Permits.
A Convict Assails Judge Wallace.
Preparing for the Jubilee.
*,■ , TENTH PAGE.
Commercial -World.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay.
• Farmers Protest Against Hawaii.
TWELFTH PAGE.
Jordan on City Governments.
Races at Oakland.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
' Births, Marriages and , Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
A Poet's Daughter an a Dancer.
Durrant Case Aftermath.
Railroad Commissioner Wanted.
Arch for Golden Gate Park.
Masked Robbers at Work.
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JANUARY 15, 1898.
McKINLEY
EXPECTED
MR. DOLE
He Comes to Make
Terms for His Re
public.
Willing to Grant Anything
if the Islands Are
Annexed.
No Surprise Among the Offi
cials When the Visit Is
Announced.
STATEHOOD UNNECESSARY
In Fact the Island President Cumes
Prepared to Accept Any
Amendment.
Correspondence of The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— The
Times Washington special says:
Hawaiian annexation would be
beaten if a vote were to be taken
at once on the treaty now before
the Senate. This is the opinion
of Senators on both sides. While
the treaty* is under consideration
no Senate r can talk about it for
publication without subjecting
himself to 6evere penalties, so
that It is impossible to induce
any Senator to be quoted about
the situation, but ascertained
facts show plainly that the
treaty cannot be ratified by the
votes of the men who are now
for it.
Several canvasses have been
made to show the probable di
vision of the Senate on the
treaty. Most of these canvasses
seem to have been influenced by
the supporters of the treaty, for
none has been without a doubt
ful list, and a list of doubtful
men inclined to vote for annexa
tion. As a matter of fact, it is
asserted that a correct doubtful
iist wnuid be madft up of i.ames
now carried in the list of those
said to be for the treaty, while
those mentioned in the several
canvasses as doubtful are cer
tain to vote against ratification.
Call Office. Riggrs House,
"Washington, Jan. 14.
The announcement from Honolulu
that President Dole Is coming to Wash
ington did not create any surprise at
the State Department, and It Is evi
dent his trip was expected. "While Mr.
Dole comes in favor of the treaty and
will lend his Influence to that end, it Is
understood here In official circles that
his visit means something more. It is
said he comes clothed with extraordi
nary powers from the Hawaiian Gov
ernment to act for it In accepting any
amendment or change that may be
made in the treaty.
It is understood that the Turpie
amendment now pending, which puts
certain restrictions upon the admission
of Hawaii as a State, will probably be
adopted. If this or any other change
is made In the treaty it will have to be
again ratified by the Hawaiian Gov
ernment.
To prevent this delay, •which may
mean a great deal for Hawaii, thf» Gov
ernment at Honolulu has considered it
best to sor.d President Dole to Wash
ington with power to accept any change
c>r amendment he may consider proper
or admissible. It is also understood
hero that no objection Is raised to the
Turpie amendment as long as the is
lands are annexed.
Mr. Lorin A. Thurston, formerly Ha
waiian Minister to the United States
and at present in this city as the island
republic's representative In behalf of
annexation, to-day made the following
statement relative to President Dole's
mission to the United States:
"The Hawaiian Legislature meets In
regular session In February. If annexa
tion is to take place, there will neces
sarily be some legislation to adapt the
laws to the changed conditions. If it is
not to take place the refunding of the
bonded debt will probably be taken up,
which would not be done if annexation
occurs. The present bonds draw r> ppr
cent interest, and can be taken up at
any time. The entire debt can be re
funded at from 4 to 4% per cent by the
present Government. There being no
cable communication, and the mails be
ing so slow and wr> far apart, advices
being at present very unsatisfactory.
President Dole determined to come to
"Washington and observe the condition
for himself in order to guide him In
making recommendations to the Legis
lature."
Friends of the Hawaiian annexation ;
programme are now addressing them- j
selves particularly toward neutralizing
the effect of the allegation that the in
corporation of the Hawaiian Islands
within our tariff limits would be a
blow at the beet-sugar interests. It Is
being urged that the entire sugar pro
duction of Hawaii, which has about
reached its maximum. Is only 200,000
tons, or less than one-tenth of the
quantity of sugar imported into this
country annually. This quantity, it is '
contended, is not sufficient seriously to i
cut into the American beet-sugar in- !
terests. The persona promoting that
particular industry are nt the opinion
that within a very few years the United
States will be raising beets enough for
the entire home consumption of sugar.
MCKENNA'S
CONFIRMATION
IS DELAYED
Action by the Senate
Postponed for a
Week.
Hoar Declares That the
Charges Were Not
Sustained.
Fight of the A. P. A. Ignored
and the Question of Fitness
Only Considered.
ALLEN AS AN OBJECTOR.
Demands Further Investigation Be
fore the Nominee Is Given a Seat
on the Supreme Bench.
Bpec*l Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, Jan. 14
Almost the entire four hours of the
executive session of the Senate to-day
were devoted to the Indirect considera
tion of the nomination of Hon. Joseph
McKenna, now Attorney-General, to be
Associate Justice of the Supreme
Court. The discussion was the result
of an effort on the part of Senator
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska to secure a
postponement for two weeks. In the
end a compromise was reached, de
ferring consideration until a week
from to-day, on the condition that the
Nebraska Senator should agree to al
low a vote to k- t;iken on that date.
The Hawaiian treaty was not touched
upon during the session.
The debate upon Mr. MrKenna's
nomination was precipitated by Sena
tor Hoar, chairman of the Committee
on Judiciary, who called up the nom
ination in accordance with his notice
of yesterday and asked for immediate
action. In doing thi^ Hoar spoke brief
ly of the opirfistti.ni to Mr. McKenna,
saying that the Judiciary Committee
had investigated most of the charges
made and had reached tho conclusion
that they were without foundation.
He said that the greater number of
charges had been made for the mem
bers of the American Protective Asso
ciation, and as they had been founded
solely upon the fact that Mr. McKenna
was a Catholic in religion they had not
been deemed worthy of serious consid
eration. Hoar dwelt at Fome length
upon this point, excoriating any man
who would attempt to inject a ques
tion of religion into a controversy
over a man's fitness for office. He said
that such an effort was entirely un-
American and unpatriotic and should
not for a moment receive the consider
ation of fair minded men.
Senator White of <\ilif<>rnia also
spoke of the effort of the A. P. A. to
interfere with the course of the Sen
ate in giving proper attention to a
question the determination of which
should depend upon considerations of
fitness and justice as between man and
man rather than upon an appeal to
bigotry, prejudice and a false claim of
patriotism. He spoke of the A. P. A.'s
as fools, who could not be properly
characterized in the Senate. He had
no patience, he said, with men who
held the opinion that Catholics must
necessarily consult the Pope or some
other high functionary of the Catholic
church in every important transaction
of their lives, and added that he was
convinced that the Senate would not
be influenced for a moment by such
representations as an order of the
character of the A. P. A. would make.
Mr. McKenna's confirmation should
depend entirely upon different consid
erations. As for himself, while he did
not contend that Mr. McKenna was a
giant in his legal attainments, still
he believed him to be an honorable
man, a competent lawyer an( j a j ust
jurist, and he would support his con
firmation.
It was here that Allen Interposed an
abjection to immediate action. When
his request for two weeks' delay was
met with refusal he took the floor and
proceeded to give his reasons for the
request, which were in the main that
he wanted, and be thought the Senate
should have, more time for considera
tion than had been given to it. lie
called attention to the imptrrtance of
the office to which Mr. McKenna had
been named, saying It was a place
which he would occupy probably dur
ing the remainder of his life, and that
the Senate and the American public
had a right to demand that the charges
should be sifted to the bottom. He
said as far as the opposition of the A.
P. A. was concerned, it did not influ
ence him in the least, and he agreed
with all that had been said as to- the
impropriety of any interference in a
matter of this character on account of
the religious prejudices or predilections.
There were still other charges which
were, to his mind, far more serious, and
to prove that such was the case, he
read at length from letters and news
papers attacking Mr. McKenna's record
as an attorney and jurist on the ground
of want of legal attainments.
The greater part of Allen's speech
was devoted to reading those docu
ments. He called special attention to
an attack made by the bar of the Pa
cific Coast which, he said, was deserv
ing of more scrutiny than had been
given it. He also stated that he had
understood that the charge had been
made that large corporations had been
instrumental in securing McKenna's
nomination. He thought this matter
should be looked into more thoroughly
than the Senate had had opportunity
to do. Allen disclaimed any intention
to father any of the charges made, but
asserted that his sole purpose was to
secure time for their proper investiga
tion. He added that he might himself
vote for Mr. McKenna's confirmation,
but said that before doing so he desir
ed to be convinced that the assertions
made derogatory to Mr. McKenna's
character as a jurist were without
foundatio-n.
Senator Perkins followed Senator Al
len. He eulogized the nominee as a
conscientious and upright man. Born
in Philadelphia he removed to Callfor
: n!a at 12 years of age. At the age of
I 22 he was elected District Attorney of
i Solano County, served in the Legisla
! ture of California, was four times elect
ed to the United States Congress;
served on the Ways and Means Com
mittee in that body, and was then ele
| vated to the United States Circuit
; Court bench by President Harrison.
; This was done, notwithstanding the
fact that President Harrison was fa
| vorably inclined toward Judge Spencer
|of San Jose, but the bench and bar of
California Indorsed Mr. McKenna.
Then, after serving ably and honora
bly, the President of the United States,
I William McKinley, selected him as one
of his advisers, and made him Attor
ney-General. He had been intimately
acquainted with him while he served
on the Ways and Means Committee, of
which he was chairman and the latter
had learned to appreciate his worth.
"When McKenna wan appointed,"
said Senator Perkins, "the bench and
bar gave him a banquet fn San Fran
cisco at which many felicitous and con
gratulatory addresses were made. Af
terward he visited Sacramento, the
capital of California, and the Legisla
ture gave him a reception at which the
Governor of the State presided."
Senator Perkins said that the very
first requisite for a jurist was honesty,
and eulogized McKenna's character as
a man, lawyer and judge. He said that
no man was learned in all branches of
the law. Clifford of Maine and Mil
ler of lowa were not better qualified
than McKenna when they were ap
pointed on the Supreme bench, but
were afterward regarded as among the
ablest members of that body. Sena
tor Perkins said that perhaps the dis
tinguished Senator from Nebraska
(Allen) was not versed in all the dif
ferent branches of the science."
The only Senator besides Allen who
manifested any opposition to the con
firmation was Morgan of Alabama, who
Just before the executive session closed
said that while he was in California
recently he had heard McKenna spoken
of among lawyers as a corporation at
torney and unfit for this high judicial
position.
The Senate then, upon request of
Senator Allen, agreed to lay the matter
over one week and to take it up again
for consideration on next Friday.
There is no doubt whatever that the
nomination will be confirmed, and not
more than four or five votes will be
cast against it, in the opinion of Sena
tors White and Perkins.
HON. D. OSTROM, FATHER OF THE LAW.
BIG DEALS
IN PRISON
JUTE BAGS
Positive Proof That Dealers
Were Favored Last
Season.
Middlemen Secure Large Lots of
Bags by Telegraph, With -
out Affidavits.
THE LAW CUT NO FIGURE.
San Francisco, March 8, 1897.
Mr. W. E. Hale, Warden California State Prison, San Quentin, Cal.—
Dear Sir: lam in receipt of your letter of the 6th inst., advising that
you have reserved 100,000 grain bags for us at 5 cents. We have sent
affidavits into the country to be signed by our customers, and as soon as
we receive them will forward them to you, together with the necessary
deposit. Thanking you, I remain, yours very truly. G. W. McNEAR.
OVER THE LIMIT.
San Francisco, Feb. 19, 1897.
Mr. R. Lichtenberg, San Francisco, Cal.—Dear Sir: I beg to ac
knowledge receipt of your favor of even date, with order of Mr.
George McDaniel for 50,000 bags and check for $237 50 to cover deposit
on same. Bill for same showing balance due, please find inclosed. I
have booked this order, although it exceeds the 2,000,000 limit, and have
wired to the Board of Directors, who meet at Folsom to-morrow, for in
structions as to the 100,000 you placed in Los Angeles. The limit being
reached, all orders at 4% cents will be refused hereafter until we hear
from the directors. Tours truly, W. E. HALE, Warden.
It is now determined beyond ques
tion that the grain bag product of the
San Quentin jute mill is largely con
trolled by speculators and middlemen
in violation, of the Ostrom law, and to
the detriment of the small wheat rais
ers of the State. If any doubt were en
tertained as to the intimate relations
subsisting between certain middlemen
and the board, it will be dissipated by
the revelations The Call makes this
morning.
While the board and Warden Hale
have striven to maintain the appear
ance of conformity with the law, it is
plain from the nature of the facts now
brought to light that they disregarded
PRICE FIVE CE^TS.
their duty much more seriously than
was at first supposed.
In the case of Marshall Diggs, the
Woodland middleman, it has been
shown already that he dealt in more
than 150,000 sacks, Detween the pur
chase price of $4 75 and $5 per hun
dred, and the $5 40 rate fixed by the
board before the sacks came into use;
and that, furthermore, he procured 68,
000 bags by telegraph, without affida
vit and without deposit, the day before
the price was raised by the board from
$4 75 to $5.
It would now seem that the Digga
transaction was the lesser one of a
number in which dealers, not actual2
consumers, were privately advised as
to how they might get in on the ground
floor.
Mr. McNear of San Francisco, a very
successful operator in commissions and
margins, had 100,000 sacks set aside for
him without presenting at the time
either affidavit or deposit. In fact, he
did not have an affidavit covering ap
plication for so much as a single sack,
but, like Mr. Dlggs, he agreed to send
out into the country to procure them.
This deal, admittedly made as the re
sult of a private conversation between
Mr. McNear and Warden Hale, left
only 150,000 surplus sacks to be dispos
ed of at the prison clearing house. Evi
dently Mr. McNear, like others, was
keeping a pretty close tab on the San
Quentin stock, and figuring on the rise
to $.') 40 which the board made on
March 20, when they had nothing but
th-- sale of the output to consider.
With Mr. R. Lichtenberg, the Ran
Francisco dealer, similar transactions
in larger quantities are recorded. He
speaks plainly in his communications
of "placing" the San Quentin sacks.
Mr. Lichtenberg deals in big numbers—
60,000 and 100,000 at a turn. With ref
erence to the sack situation he has a
private consultation with Mr. Ellis.
He is kepi closely posted on the condi
tion of the San Quentin supply, and
insists on having all the "culls" or so
called Imperfect sacks saved for him.
His telegraphic orders are regularly
booked, affidavit and deposit to follow.
The Warden even goes to the length
of settins; 50,000 sa<>ks aside for him in
th<- State warehouse at $4 75 future de
li v.-ry. after the 2.000,000 surplus sacks
covered by the board resolutions had
been disposed of. Notice to this effect
was served on Mr. Lichtenberg Febru
ary 19— the day before the board met
and raised the price to $5.
Mr. Fitzgerald, present chairman of
the Board of State Prison Directors,
and Mr. De Pue, the recently retired
member, visited The Call office last
evening. Both gentlemen asserted that
they were unaware of any violation of
the Ostrom law, and that the affairs of
the Jute mill have been managed to
th^> very best interest of the State.
While mistakes may have been made,
from a business point of view, Mr. De
Pue stated that the board had acted
ever with the object in view of making
the mill successful and self-support
ing; that any intimations of collusion
with middlemen or violation of the law,
to the injury of the farmer, was an out
rage if the truth, and that their trans
actions are preserved in the records,
where any one who chooses may read
them. When his attention was called
to the fact that goods had been sold
in violation of Sec. 3 of the law he ad
mitted having labored under a misun
derstanding as to that clause, and
th' 'light it related merely to jute bags.
Mr. De Pue explained the difficulties
experienced by the board in selling
Facks direct to farmers when the latter
were without the means with which to
make the legal payments, and thought
any business man would approve the
course pursued in disposing of the sur
plus product to replenish the revolv
ing fund.
Both gentlemen were indignant at the
intimation of wrongdoing expressed by
Senator Optrom, and resented It as
wholly undeserve.d and unjust.
CONNIVANCE
WITH THE BIG
MIDDLEMEN.
An Insight Into the Manipu
lation of the Surplus.
* Sack Sale.
It was impossible for the prison di
rectors to favor the manipulators of the '
grain-bag business without leaving a
few kangaroo tracks in the sand. In
an investigation of the letter records
of San Quentin enough proof may be '
obtained to substantiate the charges |
made by The Call that the Ostrom law
•was juggled desperately in the. interest i
of middlemen purchasers and specu
lators.
Take for example the brief corre
spondence between Warden Hale and
G. W. McNear of San Francisco, which
establishes the fact that 100,000 sacks
were reserved at 15 per hundred, as the j
result of a prior conversation, and i
without affidavit or deposit. This, In j
despite of the provision of section 3 i
of the Ostrom act, which says "all or- j
ders for jute goods must be accompa
nied by an affidavit setting forth that
the amount of goods contained in the
order are for individual and personal
use," and in section 2, "that 10 per cent
of the purchase price shall accompany
each order. Mr. McNear's informal
and illegal application was as follows:
. March 6. 1897.
Mr. O. W. McNear, San Francisco, Cal.—
Pear Sir: Referring to our conversation by
telephone to-day I now beg to confirm, that
we have reserved for* you 100,000 grain bags
at 5 cents, pending arrival of deposit and
properly executed orders with affidavit, an re
quired by law, which you Bay you will furnlci
In a few days. Our sales have been limited
since February 20 to quantities not exceeding
10,000 bags for any one fanner. After book
ing your order, we have now only about 150,
000 baps left for sale, out of our stock on
hand, and when they are sold further action
by the directors will be necessary to deter
mine how and at what price to dispose of the
bags we shall manufacture from now on. I
enclose a number of blank orders. Tours
truly. W. E. HALE. Warden.
Thus with the surplus almost ex
hausted, and without affidavit or de
posit, 100,000 were set aside as Bold for
future delivery, when the price had
been raised by the directors from $5 to
$5 40. Mr. McNear made due acknowl
edgment of the favor as follows:
San Francisco, March 8, 1897.
Mr. W. E. Hale, Warden . California State
Prison. Ran Quentin, Cal.— Dear Sir: I am
In receipt of your letter of the 6th lnst.. advis
ing that you have reserved 100,000 grain bags
for 'us at 5 cents. We have sent affidavits Into
the country to be signed by our customers,
and as soon as we leceive them will forward
them to you, together with the necessary de
posit. Thanking you, I remain, yours very
truly, O. W. McNEAR.
Mr. R. Lichtenberg of San Francisco
does a thriving business with the board,
both in the matter of selling raw Jute
and in buying bags as a middleman. An
idea of the extent of his transactions
tn the latter respect, and the profit he
reaped, may be gathered from the sub- ,
joined correspondence copied from the :
files:
San Francisco, Feb. 2, 1897.
Hon. W. E. Hale. Warden State Prison, San
Quentln. — Pear Sir: Under the usual condi
tions nnd 10 per cent deposit, payable at once
I can probably place here 250,000 grain bags,
viz: 50.000 with Mr. Williams (Williams eB-tate),e - B
tate), 2'*), 000 with Messrs. S. Koshland & Co.,
firet party signing affidavit now, the latter
binding themselves to deliver farmer?' affida
vits lutpr or>. I>olivery to be taken any time
between now and June next. 8. Koshland &
Co. may wait scm» bags aa early as this
month. Kindly advise me what I am author
ized to do In this mattor.
Our market is very firm; the rain of the
la*t days has been all over the State; so.
especially the south has been benefited and
prospects for large crops have never been bet
ter. T>>«re la no news from Calcutt* except
that Jute Is again a little liiwer. Very truly
yours, R. LICHTENBERG.
February 3, 1997.
Mr. R. Lichtenberg. Ban Francisco. Cal.—
Dear Sir: Your favor of the 2d lnst. to hand.
I suppose you know that the directors fixed
the price of our bags yesterday at 4.76 cents.
Of course we would be pleased to book Mr.
Williams' order for 50,000 bags now, and I en
clcse blanks for the purpose. I do not know.
howevw, about Koshland's order and do not
think it poll< y, nor do I think the directors
would approve of booking orders for anyone,
unless the affidavits are furnished at the time
of so booking the order. We might do so later
on. during the harvest season In some ca.«..-r
where bags are wanted in a hurry, but Just
now it would not look well.
However, Mr. Ellis desires you to meet him
to-morrow (Thursday) at the bank at 11:30
and perhaps you had better talk with him
about It. Mr. Hale is gone south for a while.
Yours truly. C. J. WALDEN.
SAX FRANCISCO, Feb. 4, 1597.
J. V. Ellis. Esq., Kan Quentin. Cal.— Dear
Sir: Referring to our to-day's conversation, I
beg to inform you that I have placed with Mr.
B. F. Porter of Los Angeles 50.000 San Quentin
grain bags at 44* cents, and I will send affi
davit and check for lv per cent as deposit to
morrow or Saturday. 1 will see Judge Wil
liams to-morrow, also my party for the 100.000
spot at 4.65 cents, subject to confirmation.
Very truly yours, H. LICHTENBERG.
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 3, 1597.
Hon. W« E. Hale, Warden State Prison, San
Quentin— Dear Sir: Referring to my yester
day's letter I beg to hand you inclosed Mr. H.
F. Porter's affidavit and check for $237 50, be
ing deposit on SO.OOO grain bags at 4\ cents.
Please send me receipt and confirmation of sale
and oblige yours truly, R. LICHTENBERG.
Feb. 6, UK.
Mr. R. Lichtenberg, San Francisco, Cal. —
I 'ear Sir: I beg to acknowledge receipt of your
favor of the 6th inst. with orders of Mr. K. I".
Porter for &0.000 grain bags and check for
, $237 50 to cover deposit on same. The order
has been duly booked, and as requested I hand
you Inclosed bill for balance due when baps
are ordered forward and receipt for the de
posit. Yours truly, W. E. HALE, Warden.
(M.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 11. 1597.
Hon. W. E. Hale. Warden State Prison, San
; Quentin, Cal.— Dear Sir: I have lectured on the
1 San Quentin grain bags in preference to Cal
cuttas all day and with good result. I have
placed 270, 00u at 4% cents, conditions as re
quired by law. and I am treating now for 130,
000 more. Particulars, checks and affidavits I
bring over personally on Saturday. Please ship
at once, either by steamer Caroline or by rail,
80,' TOO at 4*t cents, care of s. Koshland & Co, ;
check and affidavit will follow to-morrow.
, Telegraph me after receipt whether the bags
■will be shipped by steamer or rail and whether
, S. Koshland & Co. shall make out check for
|XI in your or Mr. J. V. Ellis" name. Very
truly yours, R. LICHTENBERG.
PAS' FRANCISCO. Feb. 15. MM.
Dear Mr. Wal.len: Please find Inclosed let
ter and statement In regard to grain bas's I
carried these papers back by mistake on Sat
urday. Kindly keep me posted about number of
l>;i»rs sold and keep all Imperfect bags (or me.
Yours truly, R. LICHTENBERG.
PAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 17. 1597.
Hon. W. E. Hale, Warden State Prison, San
Quentin, Cal.— Dear Sir: I have placed to-day
25.000 San Quentin with three parties at 4\
cents and I am working at present for 50,000
mnre; checks and affidavits to-morrow. Please
Inform me how many bags are open for »al*>
now out of the last million. Our market is
very firm, and tt is reported to-day that Bal
four, Guthrie tk Co. are getting 5 cents for
June-July. Very truly yours,
R. LICHTENBERG.
SAX FRANCISCO, Feb. 1«. IS!>7.
Hon. W, K. Hal<\ Warden. State Prison, Pan
Quentin. Cal.— Dear Sir: Confirming my yes
terday's letter, I beg: to ask you to book the
following sales at 4% cents aa per affidavits
enclosed, viz.:
George E. Williams. RO.OOO. check 10 per cent.
$23 75; Thomas E. Williams Jr.. 10. ono, che.k
10 per cent, $47 50: Frank S. Johnson,
check 10 per cent, $47 60; Jac I>>vt Sr.. 50.000,
che^k 10 per cent, $237 50; for whkh you will
please send me bills as uoual.
I further beg to state that owing to tele
graph just received I have, placed 100.000 to
different Lob Angeles farmers from whom I
will have checks and proper affidavit* to
morrow, and by that time I think to place
2-'.W» more, making a total of 500.000. Please
state how many will be left for sale after de-
ducting this guantlty.
Grain bags same as reported yesterday. Very
truly yours, R. LIOHTENBERG.
BAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 19. 1597.
Hon. W. E. Hale, Warden, State Prison, San i
Quentin — Dear Sir: Sine* my respects of yes- •
terday I have received Mr. Walden's yester- i
day's telegraph and two letters of same date, ;
contents of which have been noted.
Affidavits and checks for l<V>,ooo sold to differ- :
ent Los Angeles farmers, as stated yesterday.
are not expected to arrive here before this '
evening, and will be forwarded as soon as i
received.
I furthermore beg to hand you enclosed affi
davit for 6000 grain bags placed in Pan Luis :
Oblspo to George McDaniel (February 16) and
check for $237 50, Bank of California, covering
Om 10 per cent deposit. Trusting that this sale j
will b« accepted, I am very truly yours,
R. LICHTENBERG.
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 19. M 7.
Mr. R. Llchtenberg. San Francisco. Cal. —
Dear 81r: I beg to acknowledge receipt of your !
favor of even date, with order of Mr. George
McDaniel for BMM bags and check for $237 M
to cover deposit on same. Bill for same show-
Ing balance due, please find enclosed. I have
booked this order, although it exceeds the
2,000,000 limit, and have wired to the Board of
Directors, who meet at Folsom to-morrow, for
Instructions as to the 100,000 you placed In Los
Angeles. The limit being reached, all orders
at 4% cents will be refused hereafter until we
hear from the directors. Yours truly,
W. E. HALE, Warden.
PAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 20. 1597.
Hon. W. K. Hale, Warden. State Prison, Ban
Quentin— Dear Sir: Confirming my yesterday's
letter I beg to hand you enclosed check for
$475, London, Paris and American Bank, to
cover deposit on 100,000 grain bags at 4\ cents,
placed in Los Angeles as per my letter of the
ISth lnst.. and the affidavit herewith. Very
truly yours, R- LICHTENBERO.
SENATOR DOTY
TALKS TO THE
PRISON BOARD.
He Says They Are Violat
ing the Ostrom Law and
Defeating Its Ends.
ELK GROVE, Jan. 14.— The stand
taken by The Call on the side of the
farmers of the State and against the
manipulation carried on by the Prison
Board has become a subject of general
discussion throughout Sacramento
County. Senator Gillls Doty, who is
recognized as the most dauntless cham
pion the farmefs of California have
ever had in the State Legislature, in
speaking of the expose made by The
Call, said to The Call correspondent
to-day:
"In general with the farmers of the
State I have always felt that the true
purposes and design of the Ostrom bill
have been defeated. The only motive
which lay at the bottom of that act of
1893 consisted in a desire to benefit the
farmers of the State and thereby, in a
measure, atone for the employment of
convict labor in the manufacture of
grain bags. But wherein have the
farmers profited from It?
"If the recent publications of The
rail be true, I am sure Instead of there
being a profit or advantage to the
farmers, there has been a distinct loss
inflicted on them, besides a very serious
disadvantage. I have not given the
matter much thought since Robert T.
Devlin, the Prison Director, ran for Su
perior Judge in this county some few
years ago. I remember then that his
record on the Jute bag proposition was
very thoroughly discussed among the
farmers, and, if their vote on his can
didacy Is any Indication, I am sure the
Sacramento farmers were very emphat
ic in condemning the course of the
Prison Board.
"The purpose of the Ostrom law was
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUABY 15, 1898.
to restrict speculation in one of the
principal commodities used by the
farmer. The low price of his grain,
coupled with his very small margin for
profit, led the Legislature to believe
that as long as the convicts had to do
something it would be well to effect
their employment by directly benefiting
the farmer.
"Now. when by one means and an
other, the directors ran the price up to
the point it reached last year, they are
certainly violating the law and defeat
ing the purpose of the measure. I sup
pose when their side is heard they will
be able to prove that they were acting
in accord with strict commercial prac
tices; but while that may be true they
made profit at the expense of the farm
er, and the Legislature never intended
that they should manufacture bags for
the purpose of speculation. They should
never have permitted such a surplus
of stock to have accumulated.
"If their price governs the market I
do not see why they found it necessary
to unload thousands upon thousands of
sacks at a price very much lower than
the farmer was compelled to pay later
on, when it became necessary for him
to buy. I do not know where this
518,000 profit which The Tall speaks of
went, but you may depend upon it no
small grain producer in the State of
California received a cent of it.
"Now I suppose the claim will be
made that the cost of production in
San Quentin necessitates this high
price charged by the board. My rem
edy for this would be to establish the
jute plant at Folsom, where they have
power to throw away, and where they
could manufacture jute bags at a
greatly reduced rate. In that event
even I presume some way would be
found to benefit these whom the law
never intended to benefit.
"As to the practice spoken of in The
Call on the part of merchants who ob
tain control of a large stock of grain
baps through affidavits made by in
different, ignorant or unscrupulous
men, I am proud to say that I have
never heard of such a violation of the
law in my locality. At the same time
I know that the fueling of the farmers
in this section is wry strong against
the practices of the Prison Hoard, and
while before The Call's expose we had
no authentic information on the man
ipulations carried on we have all felt
that something was radically wrong,
and we sincerely hope that The Call
may bring the relief the people desire.
"I am not speaking from any peraon
al experience, and ran only say per
sonally that. If the affair should come
up for solution at the next session of
the Legislature, I shall take hold of it
as I do of all other matters, and try to
protect the farmers of the State from
any further disadvantage by so
amending the law as to remove temp
tation and opportunity from those who
have failed to carry out the spirit and
intent of the act as it now stands."
MR. WILKINS
DEFENDS THE
PRISON BOARD.
He Disclaims Any Knowl
edge of the Operations
of Middlemen.
RAX RAFAEL, Jan. 14— James H.
Wilkins. one of the members <>f the
Board of State Prison Director*, was
seen to-day in regard to the jute bag
trouble. Said he:
"I took my office as a member of the
board in April. 1^96, and at that time
we had a large supply of bags on hand,
but though the season was advancing
we were getting no orders for them.
We sent out circulars and posters
broadcast, but they failed to have the
slightest effect. We th»-n reaorted to
an expedient never before attempted.
Four drummers were sent throughout
the State, one in the Northern Sacra
mento Valley, one about Stockton, one
about Tulare and Bakersfield ond one
In the Salinas and Santa Clara Val
leys.
"They sold, all told, as nearly as I
can say about 1,000,000 bags, and I
think it is safe to say that they inter
viewed one-half to two-thirds of the
farmers who raised wheat in commer
cial quantities in the State of Califor
nia. Many of the farmers could not
take the bags, as they were unable to
raise the necessary 10 per cent cash
payment, and in a number of Instances
the middlemen came to their rescue by
putting up the amount.
"Well, we reached the end of the fis
cal year 1896, barely managing to get
through and keep things on a level
keel. We couldn't sell the bags. All
the working capital was tied up in the
bags — about HSO.OOO.
"It took about $6000 a month to run
the jute mill, and this sum must be
realized from sales of sacks, for the
general appropriation was only suffi
cient to pay the salaries and subsist
ence charges. The appropriation for
that year was $147,000, but we could
only draw one-twelfth of that amount
a month, or a little over J12.000, which
barely paid the salaries and the sub
sistence charges. We had no money
for the running of the Jute mill, and
the Board of Examiners allowed us to
overdraw the one-twenty-fourth act,
we overdrawing a little over $5000 a
month for several months in the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1897.
"Shortly after we relieved the situ
ation, securing orders to manufacture
1,600,000 sugar bags and received cash
for them. This eased up the state of
affairs existing, yet we were away
short on the one-twenty-fourth act.
However, we had relieved the embar
rassing situation. Otherwise the mill
must have closed shortly after the fis
cal year began.
"On the close of the 1896 calendar
year we almopt determined to close
down the Jute mill, for the sugar bag
business was exhausted and we
couldn't see our way clear Co make
both ends meet, yet we determined to
run along In the hopes that something
would turn up, and it did. In January,
1897, the boom began, and it purely
arose over the scare among the farm
ers about the McKinley bill. A com
mittee had formulated a tariff bill and
the tariff on bags was run up to 2%
cents, and this meant that the price of
bags would reach at least 6 cents.
There was a rush to get the San Quen
tin bags, as there were no Calcutta
bags on the market at all.
"Inquiries for our bags came in thick
and fast and we fixed the price at $4 75.
Of course we were anxious to straight
en out our affairs, and we desired to
put the jute mill again on a business
basis.
"We directed the sale of a milii.
bags, as we had the right to do, a:
regarded the sale aa a perfect godsen
relieving us, as it did, from a m«.
embarrassing position.
"I never heard of Diggs before. Very
THE MEETING OF THE WHISKERS.
President Dole Welcomed to Our Shores by One Whose Hirsute
Claims to Official Preferment Are as Conspicuous as His Own.
■000 after the members of the board
would know the men applying for the
li.iL-s and there would be no question
about supplying them. We are not
supposed to carry on a detective bu
reau. We deal with three and four
thousand customers, and to investi
gate every affidavit would require the
services of a detective bureau larger
than any on earth.
"I would not have sanctioned the sale
Of bags in large quantities had it not
been necessary for us to relieve the
pressing situation. Our affairs were
in a terrible condition, and in common
with other directors I was very unwill
ing to go before the public with a rec
ord of a heavy deficiency, which most
people woulJ have ascribed to incom
petency or worse. But the sale of the
bags carried us over handsomely, and
I think any business man would have
done the same under like conditions.
"I didn't understand that the mid
dlemen were buying the sacks. I
haven't seen an affidavit that didn't
comply with the law. There may have
been cases of rien in mercantile pur
suits applying for sacks, but as we
knew that they used them for farms of
their own \v» supplied their demands.
"I- believ-' that now the situation is
relieved and the affairs of the jute mill
are on a satisfactory basis, that the
Oatrom it t wfll be complied with in
the strictest sense of the law.
"The orders for sacks for this year's
crop will Roon come in; at the next
meeting orders will be received, I be
lieve, and we will supply them. If
ever the law has been violated except
by persons presenting false affidavits
I do not know of it personally."
REPORTS FROM
THE FARMING
COMMUNITIES.
Small Wheat-Raisers Fail
to Derive Benefit From
the Ostrom Act.
WILLIAMS. Cal., Jan. 14.— The bank,
here is owned by the Stovall Wilcoxson
Company. \sho farm nearly 10,000 acres, '
and they buy San Quentin bags
through members of the corporation for
their own use, consuming annually
from 30.000 to 60,000 sacks. Last year
they paid $4 75. They do not sell any.
D. Levy is the only dealer in this
vicinity who sells bags.
L. G. Manor, another large farmer,
last year purchased 34,000 bags, buy
ing from the Calcutta combination at
$5 10, saving above the cost of prison
Hacks, as then quoted, laid down at
Williams, the sum of $277. Had he pur
NEW TO-DAY.
A Good Medicine
This is the verdict of the people in
regard to Hood's Sarsaparilla. Wher-
ever it is given a fair trial it demon-
strates its absolute intrinsic merit.
It makes friends easy because it
makes people well.
»
As its sales are rapidly Increasing,
its volume of praise grows greater day
by day. It is now generally recog-
nized as America's Greatest Medicine.
Its use is prescribed by physicians,
druggists, and even the great influen-
tial newspapers advise correspondents
suffering from impure blood to "take
Hood's Sarsaparilla."
It has cured the worst cases of scrof-
ula, ealt rheum, sores, ulcers, boils,
etc., simply and solely because it
thoroughly purifies the blood.
It cures catarrh and the pains and
aches of rheumatism, neuralgia, mala-
ria, because it neutralizes acidity, ex-
Hood's Sarsaparilla
chased earlier in the season he could
have done much better.
Mr. Manor argues that the prison di
rectors forced the prison bags on the
market early in the season, and later
raised the price to a p<»fhi above that
asked for Calcutta bags.
PETALUMA, Jan. 14.— Owing to the
fa< t that Petaluma and vicinity abound
principally in poultry and dairy farms
the farmers are not greatly inconven
ienced in the purchase of their grain
sacks. The fact of the requirements
of the Board of Directors at San Quen
tin of payment in advance and the
usual red tape deters the mills or small
farmers from patronizing prison-made
sacks.
It is estimated that not more than
20,000 sacks are purchased here in a
year, the farmers using their old bags
as long as possible. The Golden Eagle
Mining Company state that they have
never handled any of the San Quentin
bags. In the first place the law pro
hibits any but actual consumers pur
chasing bags from the prison, and sec
ondly, firms here have been able so far
to purchase the Calcutta bags with less
difficulty and sell them in this market
as low as llwc of San Quentin make
were quoted.
The difference in quality la but little,
and as long as Calcuttas answer the
farmers' purpose they will not pay
more for the San Quentin convict-made
sacks; especially as in several notable
instances they have had cause to com
plain of unfair treatment, where they
should only have received the fair deal
ing they expected.
HOLLTSTEU. Jan. 14.— San Quentin
sacks are used exclusively in this coun
ty. The large farmers deal direct with
the prison. The small farmers are fur
nished the sacks at the prison price,
. phis cost of freight. The farmers here
! have no complaint concerning middle
' men, but naturally suffer from the flue
! tuation in prices of the San Quentin
i product.
VISALIA. Jan. 14.— The publications
in The Call regarding the jobbery in
grain sacks have elicited much interest
here, both among dealers and farmers.
It seems to be the prevailing opinion
that the grain sack business of the
State has not greatly redounded to the
benefit of the average farmer.
A good many San Quentin grain bags
have been purchased in Tulare County
by the wheat growers, but far more of
the Calcutta product have found their
way to this part of the valley. There
are reasons for this, one is that the
San Quentin bags have been slightly
smaller than the others. Again, the law
required that 10 per cent of the price of
the bags accompany the order, and
many of the smaller wheat growers es
pels the germs of disease, and gives the
blood vitality and strength.
It relieves dyspepsia, indigestion, bil-
iousness, torpid liver and kidneys, by
virtue of its qualities as a true stom-
ach tonic, appetizer and aid to diges-
tion.
It cures nervousness, nervous dyspep-
sia, that tired feeling, weariness of
mind and body, because it feeds the
; nerves, muscles and tissues upon pure
j blood, and thus gives them the tone
and strength they imperatively need.
It prevents fevers, the grip, colds,
■ etc., because It fortifies and strengthens
I the system to resist these attacks and
i the unfavorable effects of changeable.
damp, stormy weather.
This is simply what Hood's Sarsa-
parilla has done for others, and what,
if you are in need, it will do for you. In
your necessity give Hood's Sarsaparilla
the opportunity to do you good. Fairly
tried, you will find it a faithful friend.
Is America's Greatest Medicine. Sold by all druggists. $1;
•ix for *5. Prepared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.
pecially have been unable to have that
amount on hand at the time they need
ed the bags. Hence it has been the rule
for the farmers here to depend on a few
of th« largest dealers in grain bags for
what they wanted in that line, knowing
that the dealers would advance the
sacks until the grain was sold.
I have been assured that not more
than one out of ten farmers in this part
of the county makes it a custom to or
der grain bags from San Quentin.
It has been whispered that a large lot
of grain bags was secured last summer
from the San Quentln mills by a few
dealers who expected to do an immense
business in that line on account of the
nattering prospects for wheat. How
they obtained the sacks is not exactly
known. It is said that a good many
bales are being carried over.
Prices of sacks have varied here from
as low as 5 cents to as high as 8 or 9
c^nts In the past four years. Most
farmers agree that either the law or
the management of the State product
has not been entirely satisfactory.
SONOMA, Jan. 14.— Some of the grain
farmers here purchase their supply of
sacks from San Francisco commission
merchants, while others place their or
ders with the home merchants. Owing
to the relatively small amount of
wheat raised there is no business house
which keeps sacks on hand or makes a
specialty of them. The price paid by
the farmer fo-r the prison-made sack,
which is supposed to be 1 cent above
cost, is the same as they pay for the
imported Calcutta sack. No orders are
sent direct to San Quentin Prison, as
it was intended they should be when
the Ostrom law was passed in 1893, and
it appears as though the wholesaler is
reaping the benefit instead of the farm
er. The business men of Sonoma said
t>>-day that the sack business did no-t
justify them bothering with it. F. T.
Duhring, the largest dealer here, hand
led but 2000 sacks last year.
Mr. Joseph Tate, who is connected
with his father, Mr. F. Tate, on one of
the largest ranches in this valley, when
speaking about the purchase of sacks,
said that there was no difference in the
prioe of prison sacks and those im
ported from Calcutta, Last year they
purchased their supply in San Francis
co, and the price for the two makes
was the same.
By the passage of the Ostrom law it
was intended to protect the farmer
against the high price of the imported
Calcutta goods, and also give the pris
oner a chance to earn his living, but
when goods, upon which there is a tar
iff, and in the manufacture of which
labor has to be paid, is offered for sale
at the same price as the prison-made
article, where the labor is not paid, it
is evident that the laws are not carried
"My little boy was taken with in-
flammatory rheumatism when he was 2
years old. He was in a serious condi-
tion. We did not know what it was for
all of us to get a good night's rest for
many years. Some one had to sit up
with him. We tried every means we
could think of to effect a cure, but
nothing helped him. At one time we
thought he could not live from day to
day. He had a heart trouble caused by
the rheumatism. I had about given up
all hope of his recovery, but I thought
I would get a bottle of Hood's Sarsa-
parilla. Before he had taken one half
the contents he began to improve. He
kept cm gaining as I continued to give
him the medicine, and now he is well
and strong and goes to school every
day. I owe his life to Hood's Sarsa-
parilla." Mrs. P. S. Lockridge. 1328
West Second street, Los Angeles, Cal.
N. B. If you decide to take Hood's
Sarnaparilla, do not be induced to- buy
any substitute. Be sure to get only
Hood's.
out as intended, and the unanimous
voice of the tillers of the soil here de
mands an investigation.
MARYSVILLE. Jan. 14. —To the
charge of harboring unscrupulous mid
dlemen or bankers who are in league
with the directors of the San Quentin
Prison in the violation of the Ostrom
act, Marysville is one city that can
plead not guilty. This for the reason
that the dealers here have nfver taken
kindly to nor admired the red tape fea
tures of the purchase or jute bags fror.r
the prison. They are modest in iheir
confession that they never have yield
ed to the temptation to make false af
fidavit "that the amount of goods in
the order were for individual and per
sonal use of the applicant."
Instead they have been and are now
handling the Calcutta sacks, supply
ing for the most part the farmers of
Yuba and Sutter counties, whom they
carry on their books from year to
year. One of these merchants said to
your correspondent that he knows of
scarcely any San Quentin bags having
been used by the ranchers hereabouts
last season. When the San' Quentin
bag war? from an eighth to a quarter
cheaper than the Calcutta article a
few of the farmers found themselves
financially able to purchase the prison
bags. But as the prison directors re
quire cash down for the goods few
farmers in this section neve been in
position to deal with them in three sea
sons past. Hence the sway of the Cal
cutta bag. which is this season quoted
lower than the San Quentin article.
NAPA, Jan. 14.— During the year 1897
very few prison made sacks were pur
chased by our farmers, though in 1894
95-96 the quantity was quite large. A.
Hatt, one of the largest grain men
here, says:
"Tho reason that last season Calcut
ta Packs were almost exclusively
bought in this county was that they
were cheaper than those made at the
prison. I think, too, that they were
better and stronger, for the prison
sacks brought here the year before
were miserable quality, breaking
often in the seams.
"The Ostrom law was' supposed to
have been enacted in the Interest of
the farmers, to enable them to get at
a minimum cost bags made at an In
stitution which they help to keep up,
but the good obtained from It amounts
to near nothing. At least such would
seem the case when farmers cannot
afford the extortionate prices at the
prison and must buy for a trifle less,
but still high, of a private corporation.
"I don't charge the Prison Directors
with corruption. I know nothing of the
allegations, and have given the matter
no attention, but I do know It does not
appear that the jute department of San
Quentin Prison is run much in the in
terest of the farmers of California.
The prices of Calcutta are high yet
they are lower than San Quentin. Why
Is it?"
F. E. Johnston, one of Napa's most
prominent attorneys and owner of one
of the largest farms in the county,
thinks much as does Mr. Hatt. Since
the passage of the Ostrom law in 1893
Mr. Johnston has purchased only one
season's sacks at the prison. That was
In 1894, when he paid 5V4 cents for five
thousand sacks. The following year
he bought none, but in 1896 preferred
Calcuttas. Also in 1897. In 1896 a
thousand Calcuttas cost him 4 1-5
and in 1897 two thousand 5 cents each.
This was better than he could do at
San Quentin. The Call's profrfng of
this matter is attracting much atten
tion in Napa.
WOULD PRINT SCHOOLBOOKS
IN THE STATE PENITENTIARY.
DES MOINES. la., Jan. 14.— Senator
Wilson to-day created a storm by intro
ducing a joint resolution providing that
all schoolbooks used in public institu
tions of the State be hereafter printed
and bound at the State penitentiaries.
Already members arc being flooded with
remonstrances by mail and wire. While
most of them are from leaders of or
ganized labor, many are from citizens, in
dependent of labor influences, who be
lieve the adoption of the resolution by
a Republican Legislature would Kwe a
demoralizing effect on the party at large.
NEW TO-DAY.
SPECIAL SATURDAY ONLY
TELEPHONE SOUTH 292.
RI'TTED FRESH CREAMERY. i C/ ,
DL 11CIV, EXTRA POINT REYES, Squares *3C
EGGS, Best Petalama - - . 27<|c Doz.
FLOUR, Best Family - - - - $1.10 Sack
1324-1326 Market St. and 134 Sixth St.
The Weekly Call.
©/ It Publish^ the Cream of the
gj News or the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
<J ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
©/ * PAPER ON mfc
~J PACIFIC COAST
*J The Best \ / Mining
°\ Telegraphic \S News: Thai
©< Service on /\ Is Accurate.
ex The Coast / up to date
«< ... —
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
o/ or Faky, and Not a Line of
gj it Dry or Uninteresting.
CX Bright, Clean, A Champ of
) Thoughtful. I ruth.
3 " '' ' ' A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME. -
2IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
D HOME MAIL, $1.50
»< INDUSTRIES A YE4*
PENrYRbWP!LIS
Gk 2Wr l"" 1 wilh blue nbbon. 'flktYr
mMmmmCOWARDLY
ATTACK ON
A WOMAN
Santa Rosa Strangler
Is Once More in
Evidence.
Assails One of the City's
Belles on a Principal
Street.
Her Screams Bring Assistance
After She Is Felled by
a Blow.
TALK OF A LYNCHING.
Great Excitement Over the Repeated
Outrages Perpetrated by the
Unknown,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAXTA ROSA, Jan. 14.— The mys
terious individual whose dastardly at
kidnap two girls here some
weeks ago spread consternation among
mothers pf this city, and who only a
few nights before that attempted to
strangle a well-known woman upon
one of the principal streets, made his
presence known again to-night. an<l the
entire police force of Santa Rosa, aid
ed by a number of citizens, is now hot
Us trail.
This evening shortly after dark Miss
Pearl Kennedy, one of the best known
young ladies of this city, was walking
down Orchard street In the direction of
her home. As she reached the corner
of Orchard and Johnson streets a man
suddenly darted from the fence, be
hind which he had been crouching, and
sin;, k her a vi< lent blow full on the
mouth. The youig lady was knocked
and her fat •• badly cut by the
blow.
Her screams attracted the attention
of District Attorney Emmet Seawell,
whose home is but a Cew doors away.
Hurriedly rushing out without hat or
coat. Mr. Seawell gave her what as
sistance he could, and then, leaving
her in charge of the neighbors who had
red, started down the street at
breakneck speed in search of the as
sailant.
In the darkness the culprit gave the
I well and several others
Joined him. The affair was
then reported to the police, who began
a thorough search of the city for the
wretch.
Miss Kennedy has quite a reputation
locally as a poetess of considerable
ty, and is regarded as one of Santa
a most beautiful young women.
JUBILEE DAY IN
LOS ANGELES
Anniversary of the Discovery
of Gold Will Be
Celebrated.
Eighty Kerf! ants and Manufacturers
to Supply Floats for a
Parade.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 14.— The fiftieth
rs.iry of th« j discovery of gold in
I will be observed in Los Ange
':< - with a grand celebration. The Mer
chants and Manufacturers' Association
ffalr In charge, and, through a
committee of U tlon and B
tary Zeehandelaar, is making extensive
;•■ addition to the Golden
Jubilee the opening f >f the Home Products
Exhibition in the Crystal Palace will be
• ■■<!.
Eighty local merchants and manufac
turers will participate in the parade with
exhibits a; The programme was
■ d this afternoon. All the
(■'■■mj'.iiii'-s of the National Guard, com
prising the Seventh Regiment, will turn
out, under the command of Colonel J. R.
. and with the Regimental Hand.
■ ral C F. A. Last and staff of the
Third Brigade, National Guard of Cali
fornia, will lead the military division. The
PJoi •■• rs of Los Anii'lts in tallyhos will
I division. Then will some
a Native Daughter costumed to represent
Eureka, on a magnificent Boat drawn by
ten horses. Three Native Daughters will
follow, attired as Indians, the remainder
to appear ij. gayly decorated tallyhos.
ii-.. of the features of the parade will
be an old-fashioned prairie schooner,
drawn by sixteen mules, and a number of
the old-fashioned stage coaches, drawn
by .~:x horses.
Tn the evening the Home Products Ex
hi bit ion will be opened to the public, and
there will be a free concert. The Native
K'.n.<:. Daughters and Pioneers will give a
banquet in the evening at Turner Hall.
MOST DIFFICULT
SURGICAL FEAT
First Operation of the Kind
Ever Performed in
America.
Dr. Bernays Superintends Work That
Will Attract Attention, but the
Patient Dies.
Bperial Pfppatfli to The Pall.
BT. LOUIS. Jan. 14.— Dr. Bernaya of Re
bekah Hospital on Wednesday performed
£ thi most difflculi and dangerous
surgical operations ever attempted. Con
rad Beck, a machinist, it) years of ape,
has been Buffering for some time with
cancer of the stomach, and was sent to
the hospital to have the case diagnosed.
When the abdomen wa> opened In the
us':;.; way it was found that the disease
extended the whole length from the
esophagus to within an inch of the py
lons. The latter outlet of the stomach
was entirely free from dfsase.
It was found that all the stomachic vis
cera would have to be removed, and this
was done. Then the pylorls was sewed
to the esophagus, making a complete and
perfect duct.
This i.s tho first tim* this operation has
been performed by surgeons In America
and the second of its kind in the history
Of surgery.
Beck died to-night.
MYSTERY OF THE
RIVERSIDE MURDER
FINALLY CLEARED
The Victim W. F. Shrode of Elsi
nore, Who Was Probably
Slain for the Cash He
Carried.
RIVERSIDE J«UL 14 w nroflf ' is the name of the man who was
found dead near thia ■ Ity on December B last. All these weeks the ques
tion of Identity remained unsolved until to-day the wife of the mur
dered man came to the city from Blsinore, where the family owns a
ranch, and, as soon as she was shown the picture of the dead man, she
said it was that of her husband.
Mrs. Shrode pays that her husband left on December 3, while in a
fit of ancrr, with the Intention of not returning. He intended to po to
Los Angeles on foot, and the dead man was found ripht on the road he
would most likely have traveled in polng there. When he left he took
$•■'oo but no money waa found on his body, showing that robbery was
added to the crime of murder by those who took the life of Shrode. In
describing her missing husband, Mrs. Shrode mentioned all the marks
and scars found on the d^ad man's body.
There can 1"' no mistake .about the identity. Thf> theory of the officers
in regard to the murder is that Bhrode was followed from home by
some one who knew he had money, and who killed him for it. Shrode
was well known In the country and the wonder is that he was not iden
tified when the body was first found, for thousands viewed the corpse.
BACON WROTE
"DON QUIXOTE"
That Is the Latest Dis
covery of Ignatius
Donnelly.
Says It Has Taken Him Ten
Years to Find It
Out.
Along With Some Things Going to
Confirm His Shakespearean
Cryptogram Theory.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Jan. 14.— Ignatius
P'.nnelly is at work upon a new Ba
conian cryptogram which he expects
to place in the hands of his publishers
in a few weeks. He will take even
wider grounds than he did in his lirst
book. He says he has discovered a
new rule governing ciphers and will
assert that Bacon not only wrote the
plays and sonnets of Shakespeare but
that he was possibly responsible for
"Don Quixote." For this he expects
another castigatlon at the hands of
critics.
Mr. Donnelly gave to-day the first
authentic outline of what the book
will be. He said: "I can scarcely ex
pect the public will accept unquali
fiedly my statements as to what 1 ex
pect the book will establish. I think
everything which is Bet forth in my
first book, the "Great Cryptogram,"
was true, but in an incomplete form.
"I had found the cipher numbers up
on which the inner story of the Shak--
Bpearean plays were based, and I had
worked out in an imperfect v.
good deal of the narrative, l had not
discovered th>- rule on which the nar
rative proceeds, so that, rinding one
word of the story, 1 could tell just
where to look for the next. All my
spare time for ten years has been de
voted to the elaboration of the new
rule, and I now have no doubt my
book will establish the truth that the
cipher Btory really exists in Shake
speare's plays, and that they are held
together by a rule as inflexible and
s(if-apparent as the multiplication
table.
"But the new book will go beyond
this in some respects. There was orig
inally over Shakespeare's grave a stone
containing this Inscription:
• lonil friend. Cor Jesus' sake forbear
T'i dig the dust enclosed here.
Blest be the man who spares these stones
And curst be he who moves my bones.
"This was given in what the biog
raphers of an €-arly period called a
Ftrange mixture of large and small let
ters distributed without rhyme or
reason. Francis Bacon, In one Of his
philosophical works, "De Augn:eiitis,"
set forth what he called a 'bi-i;
or two letter cipher, whereby anything
could be expressed by two different
kinds of alphabets of different sixes.
I will show that the odd Inscription on
Shakespeare's gravestone, when the
Bacon bl-literal cipher is applied,
works out by regular and consecutive
rule these words: "Francis Bacon
wrote the Green, Marlowe and Shake
speare plays.'
"The book will then proceed to prove,
not by arithmetical rule, but by strik
ing evidences and illustrations, that
there is a cipher of the events of the
times in which the plays were written.
They describe the religion of th" per
iod, the establishment of the lust
newspaper, the discoveries of <lalileo
and other striking and remarkable
matters. The name of Francis Bacon,
the words, 'Francis Bacon,' and 'Ba
con' occur repeatedly in Jonson's
plays, and the name of Ben Jonson
Itself is found in the text of these
plays.
"There are, startling and incredible
as it may seem, allusions t<> tho treat
Spanish work, 'Don Quixote,' the au
tli'-r of which died in the same year as
Shakespeare. These create a suspi
cion that this book, too, was from the
brain of the same übiquitous and uni
versal genius, Francis Baron."
LIGHTNING THE CAUSE
OF FATAL EXCITEMENT.
During a Thunder Storm in St. Louis a
Woman Walking With Her Husband
' Dies From a Broken Blood Vessel.
ST: LOUIS. Jan. 14.— Mr. and Mrs.
Samuel Winters, of 1642 Texas avenue,
went out to make a short call Wednes
day evennlg, and about 9:30 o'clock, when
a drizzling rain set in, they started home.
Before they had gone far a heavy thun
der storm came up. The couple walked
fast for a block. Suddenly Mrs. Win
ters turned deathly pale and a look of
agony came Into her face. She refused to
move. Winters begged and Implored her
to walk on home, but she did not an
swer. She trembled all over as the
lightning flashed. Winters called for help,
but before she could be taken home she
had expired. A physician said the woman
had come to her death by the breaking
of a blood vessel of the heart, caused by
extreme excitement. Mrs. Winters was
in a building during the cyclone which
visited the city in 1806 and, while Bhe was
not injured, suffered terribly from fright.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CAT.L, SATODAY, JA3TOABY 15, 1898.
MADE A DOLLAR
EVERY MINUTE
Counterfeiter Taken by
Officers Near
Auburn.
Had an Outfit Remarkably
Complete in Every
Detail.
Product of His Mint Hard to Distin
tinguiMh From Uncle
Sum's Coin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Jan. 14.— One of the most
important captures in the history of
counterfeiters of United States coin
was made near Auburn last night.
About six weeks ago Detective Henry
Alter of Sacramento ascertained that a
certain person was having portions of
a steel press and plates made at the
Union Iron Works in Sacramento. Al
ter concluded that the fellow was pre
paring to set up a counterfeiting plant.
He notified United States Secret Agent
Harris and began shadowing the man.
The officers finally located him in Pla
cer County, and, aided by information
received by Harris from Sheriff Conroy
about a year ago, came to Auburn and
found him here. He was J. \Y. Rich
ardson, and was captured in a cabin
about two miles from town.
<>n rearing the cabin the officers
could hear the press running, and, ac
cording to th<'ir count, dollars were b-
ing manufactured at the rate of one a
minute. The man tried to br<-ak away,
but the officers were too much for him.
In his cabin besides the counterfeiting
outfit were found a breech-loading
shotgun and a quantity of loaded
Bhells, arid it is believed the fellow
would hav»' shown li^ht had he been
given th*- opportunity.
The outfit captured is described by
Aer*nt Harris and Detective Alter as
the mi's* complete they have ever seen.
No <o.,imon plaster of parts molds
were used, but in their stead were ele
gantly engraved steel dies. The press
used was a work of genius, the lever
containing seventeen threads to thr
inch. It is estimated that one man with
little effort could command a pressure
of 100 tons. The di.-s are perfect and
i the coins could not be detected from
the real, as they are made from pure
silver.
When captured the counterfeiter re
marked to the officers that he had
never passed any <>f the spurious coins,
but if let alone for ■ few days he would
have greatly benefited the people of
Auburn by placing more mcofy in cir
culation. He is about 60 years of age.
of polite demeanor and has worked
around* Auburn for several years at
carpentering and mining.
DECLARES LADY
SYKES A FORGER
Sir Tatton Makes Sensational
Accusations Against
His Wife.
Testifies That for Twelve Yewrs She
Has Been Too Free With.
His Signature.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 14.— Sir Edward Clarke,
(j. <".. opined for the defense to-day in
th<- suit Of Daniel Jay to recover from
Lady Bykes, wife of Sir Tatton Bykes, the
sum of £15,860, loaned to the defendant on
the security <>f notes apparently signed
by her husband.
Sir Tatton Bykes testified that the sig
natures were not his. The expert in hand
writing, named Bngtls. testified that the
signatures on the bills and letters of au
thority purporting to be signed by Sir
Tatton Bykes wire, in his opinion, forg
eries, executed by a woman.
Sir TattOfl Bykes denied, generally, his
wife's evidence, and said he regarded the
transaction with Mr. Jay as being "wick
ed and criminal conduct" on the part of
her ladyship.
The . as.- was adjourned until Monday
Lawsoa Walton, q. c. cross-examined
Sir Tatton Bykes and showed him the
checks which a Monte Carlo banker res
terday testified Blr Tatton had signed and
afterward repudiated. The baronet posi
tively denied having signed them. He
further said the story of the hanker (Mr
I'nwln) on the subject was a action
"Do you suggest." asked Mr. Walton
"that I^ady Sykes has been forging your
name?"
•1 would rather not discuss the mat
ter." replied Sir Tattoa.
"When did you first ascertain that
Lady Sykes had forged your signature?"
counsel then asked.
"Maybe it was twelve year? ago." an
swered th. witness. "The first forgery
•was for £10,000. In December. 1896. I be
came aware that my signature had beei
forged in a number of transactions."
Clever and Satirical, Too.
The Town Crier in S. F. News Letter
to-Oay.
TERRITORY
SEIZED BY
AMERICANS
Take Possession of a
Tract Near Lake
Bennett.
Stars and Stripes Hoisted
by a United States
Commissioner.
Orders That All Locations on
the Land Be Recorded
With Him.
! CANADA SET AT NAUGHT.
i Station of the Dominion's Mounted
Police Located on the Strip
In Question.
Special IMsjatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. Jan. 14.— Collector Milne
has been advised of trouble near Lake
Bennett, caused by the action of cer
tain United Statt-s citizens in raising
the Bag of (heir country over what
has hitherto bei D regarded as Cana
dian territory. The news conies in a
letter from William Murray to George
F. Stelly of this city, in which he says:
"Word has just reached here from
Lake Bennett that Inited States Com
missioner Smith at Skaguay, acting for
both Skaguay and Dyea, claims three
miles down from the head of Lake
Bennett, taking in McLeods police sta
tion and my lot. The Commissioner has
ordered all locations made on this
land to be recorded with him. A party
of Americana just below the police sta
tion, where tlv Union Jack is tl.-ating,
recently hoisted t'ae Stars and Stripes.
The police Immediately went down and
demanded an explanation, and after
some parleying the American flag was
low. red and an apology tendered.
"There will ultimately be serious
trouble, the boundary dispute being
made an excuse by the lawless element
to Jump th<j land. For that reason I
am anxious to t my cabin up and oc
cupled, and 1 1 • • - 1 1 we will hold the fort.
Twenty or thirty men tried to jump a
of land that Bernard Moore of
this place (Skjitruay) fenced in, and
Moore armed a j arty of men, and after
the free use of guns drove the jumpers
ofl without Injuring any one. By the
time the raid v . ;is attempted it sound
ed as M' a battle was taking place.
"Other men .Canadians) here are
having trouble with the United States
customs. One party has decided that
it is bfrter to t i ■ the inspector at $6
a day than to paj duty."
The contents of Mr. Murray's letter
caused no little ronmtirt In official cir
cles here, and it was decided to take
immediate action. Commissioner Rant
and O Hirer McKenna of the Provincial
Police, will in a few 'lays proceed north
to that disputed district, and Collector
Milne has forwarded the particulars to
Ottawa, and has also conferred with
Inspector Strickland of the Mounted
Police, who says the force at Lake Ben
nett will shortly be incr- Bed and that
a police launch v. ill be placed on the
lake.
The subject of th» dispute was
brought up beff.ro the Uritiah Columbia
Board of Trade to-. lay, and In the
course of a bri.-f discussion Thomas
Earie, member of th.- Commons for
Victoria, staled that unless the cer
tainty of s.ime satisfactory arrange
ment was made with the I'nited States,
Canada would )>•• Obliged in self-de
f.-rse to close the passe< and allow en
try Into the Yukon country by the
Stickeen River only.
RELIEF EXPEDITION IS
TEMPORARILY ABANDONED.
Departure Postponed Owing to Reports Tha
Dawson Is in No Danger of
Famine.
PORTLAND. Jan. 14.— General Her
riam. commanding the Department of the
Columbia, this morning received a tele
pram from the War Department Instruct
ing him to postpone the departure of the
relief expedition to Alaska. Accordingly
the contract to ship the expedition from
this port on the steamship Oregon Janu
ary 23 has been withdrawn. The pack
train Is still held at Fort Vancouver, and
the drilling of the guard tor it will go on.
The orders effect a temporary abandon
ment of the expedition and it is under
stood they were based on the recent re
ports that there will be no starvation or
suffering in the Yukon country that the
Government relief expedition could re
lieve. Agent Poston of the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company states that his com
i.any is glad to be relieved of the con
tract to transport the Government pack
train to Alaska, as It has already more
business offered than it is possible to
handle.
The report of Major L. H. Ruckor
Fourth Cavalry, who was sent to Dyea
by the department to ascertain the con
dition of affairs in the Yukon, was re
ceived by General Merriam to-day. From
his Interviews with those who have come
out from Dawson recently, and from his
observations of the Chilkoot and White
passes. Major Rucker concludes:
First— That While there is a shortage of
■tore* in the Yukon basin, a state of famine
does not nt present exist, nor is it likely to
exist in the immediate future.
Second— That a large expedition with quan
tities of supplies hauled on sledges by horses
or reindeer could Dot proceed down the Yukon
further than the foot of Lake La Barge, 400
mlliis from DaWMML
Third— That reindeer on such an expedition
are no more service-able than mules or
horses.
Fourth— If Government assistance Is,
conspicuously needed in the Yukon it will be
when the stores now in the hands of the peo
ple are. exhausted, which is not llkolv. from nil
he can learn, to be earlier than April or May.
Ho. therefore, recommend* that if the
Snow Locomotive Company, wh<"h has
a < "ntraet with the Government, does not
convey the relief Into the Yukon during
February. <"•" Government park trains,
with Bledjges, anoula carry thorn across
f'hilkoot paaa and down the l:ik.s and
rivers to the foot of Lake I_a 8.-iri?'- dur
ing the month of March, ami then- await
Hi.' breaking up of the ice in the Yukon
The supplies could then be taken to Daw
sun In boats.
Tho Chicago Snow and Ice Transporta
tion Company, which has a contract with
the Government to haul the relief expe
dition BUPpUea from Dyeu to Daw>on,
notified General Mernaaa to-day th;it It
would be unable to start its snow train
Into the interior earlier than the middle
i February- The contract which the
ompany has with the Government allows
that length of time in which to start the
expedition. General aferrlam has there
fore extended the time of starting the ex
pedition some time in February.
James H. Otis Dead.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 14.— James H. Otis, an
old resident of Loa dates, died at his
homo in U4 Austin district yesterday.
He had been a familiar figure in that vi
■ inity for the past sixteen years. He was
a native of New York and 69 years old.
A widow and daughter survive him.
GENERAL CLAY'S
WIFE DRIVEN
OUT OF DOORS
With Other Members of the
Household, Dora Flees From
a Brother's Wrath.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— A Herald special from Valley View, Ky.,
says: Clell Richardson to-day drove his sister, Mrs. l>ora Clay, away
from his house, where she had been staying ever since she left her
husband. General Cassius M. Clay, In November. There has been trou
ble in the Richardson family because Clell allowed his brother-in-law,
William Bryant, to remain at his house while Dora was there. Several
weeks ago William Richardson tried to kill Clell, and shot at him five
times. Saturday John Richardson tried to kill Bryant with a scantling.
Clell has always defended Bryant from the charges of his brothers that
he had been talking about Dora, but several days ago Clell became ill
and has been confined to his house ever since. During this time he
has watched Dora and his brother-in-law, and to-day he took Dora to
task for allowing Bryant to show her so much attention. His mother
in-law, Mrs. John Bryant, was present. She took the part of Dora and
her son and a three-cornered family quarrel ensued. It resulted in
Clell driving them from the house. After Mrs. Clay and Mrs. Bryant
left the house Clell shot at them with his pistol. Bryant left before the
women got away. Mrs. Clay went to the house of her sister, Mrs.
Ke'.ley, about a mile from here, and she sent Mrs. Bryant to the tele
graph office to notify General Clay or some one to come and protect
her. Clell says that if Mrs. Kelley keeps Mrs. Clay he will kill her,
and he told Dora that if she stayed there he would kill her also. He
threatens to kill Bryant, and it Is likely that blood will yet be shed over
Mrs. Clay, dell's brothers say that he is angry because he is not get
ting enough money from General Clay.
TWO RAILWAYS
TO THE YUKON
Rival Companies Will
Race in the Building
of Lines.
Projects Involving the Expen
diture of Sixteen Million
Dollars.
Eucrt Road to Run From Pyramid
Harbor to Points on Lewis
River.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Jan. 14.— A railroad build
ing race involving the expenditure of
$16,000,000 has been commenced by two
wealthy corporations, each of which de
sires to own the first railroad into the
Yukon country. Each road -will be
about 400 miles long, running from
Pyramid Harbor, near the head of
Lynn Canal, to points on Lewis River,
below Five Finger Rapids.
The companies back of the railroad
pmjccts are the London Exploration
Company, which means the Roths
childs, and the Yukon Company, organ
ized last summer by Andrew F. Bur
leigh, the principal stockholders of
which are Philadelphia and New York
men. Both corporations have engineers
and surveyors at work between Pyra
mid Harbor and the Lewis River.
Their efforts at present are confined
chiefly to- the first sixty miles, which
will take the roads over the summit of
ChilkOOt Pass and down into tt* valley
beyond. This will be the most expen
-iv. part <>f the road to build, costing
from $25,iXK> to $40,000 a mile. The pro
jectors of both n/ads figure on an aver
age cost of over $20,000 a mile, requir
ing an outlay of over $5,000,000 for each
road. The equipment for each will cost
about $1,000,000 more.
Both companies are actively prepar
ing to send forward materials, and at
the same time working to secure the
sanction of Congress to their building
through American territory. Rights of
way from Canada have been obtained.
General Manager Dickinson of the Yu
kon Company said to-day:
"Yes; there is room on the Dalton
trail for two railways, and I believe
they will both be built. Mr. Bratnober
and the London Exploration Company
undoubtedly mean business, and I am
sure we do. I believe there will be two
towns on Pyramid Hnrbor. The Chil
koot Pass is very suitable for a rail
road, the ascent being gradual instead
of short and Fteep, as on other passes.
W" shall strike the Lewis River below
Five Finger Rapids, thus getting be
low all impediments to navigation. We
have twelve river steamers and a large
number of barges building. After the
road is finished these steamers will be
operated between Its river terminus
and points down the river, including
Dawaon and Circle- city.
"The development of Alaska has com
menced, and will progress from
now on on a large scale. The placer
gold production will be enormous for
five years or more, until the quartz
mines begin producing. Then they will
leave the placers far behind in produc
tion. I have no doubt that the mother
lode of the Klondike has been discov
ered. Its location was pretty well es
tablished by Surveyor Ogilvie of the
Dominion Government, and later evi
dence confirms the reports made to and
by him. Development of quartz mines
will determine where the permanent
supply centers will be on the Yukon
River, and after that, I have no doubt,
railroad! will be extended into the
heart of the country."
The building of roads will require all
of this year. By the summer of 1599
Manager Dickinson expects to carry
passengers from Sound cities to Daw
son In five days.
Big Shipments of Grain.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 14— An evening
paper says: Rip shipments of grain wore
reported to-day as being scheduled to ar
rive hero frnm Chicago. It is coming at
:i rato which is equivalent to 6 cents a
bushel, though the usual rates to Phila
delphia from fhic ago is 10.04 cents per
bnsh< 1. It was goeafp among commission
men to-day that the wheat was some of
Letter*! and wns destined as cargoes for
those steamers which are under contract
to load at this port during this and next
month.
Would Pay Its Indebtedness.
PAN JOSK. Jan. 14.— Ooorge Y. Bot-
Unger haa been elected president of t!i«
Banta Ctara Vallej Agricultural Society.
P. P. Austin and William Boots n.ive
been rhoeen directors. Reports showed
the society to be in debt $13,000. A plan
of reorganisation is now being- considered
by which it is proposed to bring the so
ciety out all right.
The fac-simile /*& i: j>rtfj* st. m *• on ever wrapper
signature of . i*a&z2&&46& of CASIOKIA.
LYNCHERS SEE
ARREST AHEAD
Douglas County's Grand
Jury Performing Its
Duty Well.
Men Approached by Mob Lead
ers Give the Names of
the Culprits.
Sister of Über's Victim to Be Asked
if She Mad© the Masks for
the Party.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CARSON, Jan. 14.— 1t is now a mat
ter of general belief in Genoa that the
coils of evidence are tightening about
those engaged in the lynching of Über.
Witnesses were being examined all
day, but owing to the rule adopted by
the jury no witness nor juryman is al
lowed to talk of the proceedings in the
jury room. It is impossible, however,
to prevent some knowledge of what is
going on getting out.
Henry Johnson, the first witness
called to-day, testified to having been
asked by a man to help hang Über, and
he gave the man's name. Alexander
Miller was approached by two men and
when he refused he was roundly cursed
for declining to join the party.
Mr. Blackweil, a ranch foreman, tes
tified to having been approached by the
same men.
S. P. Swartz identified a scarfpin and
a cuff-button picked up the morning
after the lynching near the tree where
Über swung.
Mrs. Peter Anderson, the sister-in
law of the man killed by Über, has
been subpenaed and will be asked If
she made the masks used by the lynch
ers.
It was said yesterday that Mason
Crummish, a blacksmith of Gardner
ville, would turn State's evidence, but
ho was called before the jury and, it Is
said, refused to testify.
The impression is that the jury will
indict several persons, as It is making
an exhaustive investigation and leav
ing nothing undone to bring out the
truth. To-day subpenas were issued
for two witnesses who are supposed
to be the most important of all, but
they will not be examined before next
week. Most of the jurors are farmers
and they have adjourned to meet next
Monday at 10 o'clock.
It was supposed. that the relatives of
Über in the East would sue Douglas
County, but his sister writes to Alf
Chartz, the attorney for Über, that she
does not want money for his death,
but says that his relatives, who are
very religious people, forgive all of the
lynehers and leave them to the Al
mighty.
RESCUED AFTER PASSING
FORTY HOURS IN DARKNESS.
Survivors of the Anaconda Tunnel Explosion
Crawl From Their Prison to
Freedom.
ANACONDA. Mont., Jan. 14.— At noon \
to-day, after forty hours of imprisonment ',
and anxiety, four of the five men who ■
were in the tunnel near this city that |
oaved in near its entrance as the result <
of a dynamite explosion, crawled through
a hastily constructed exit into the light
of day. An improvised tunnel had been i
driven through the debris that closed the
entrance to the tunnel itself. The con- :
struction of this escape was a painfully
slow process, owing to the constant :
shifting of the ground. The rescue tun- !
nel was fifteen feet lmiir.
When they cropt through it into liberty
the miners who had been Imprisoned
were food to be in good physical con- j
ditlon. and they hastily left the place. !
Jack McLif-od was the one of the five im
prisoned men who die* 1 His comrades '
say that from the moment of the explo- :
sion he suffered from the fumes of the '
powder, which bothered them all for !
about twelve hours. McLeod could not !
endure it. He died In a few hours, and *
his Y»x\y was removed from the tunnel i
this afternoon.
filled by a Cancer.
VALLEJO, Jan. 14.— John A. Brownlle.
son of James Brownlie. an old settler and
pioneer merchant of this city, died this
morning aft€r an illness of four months
fmni a tumorous cancer of the stomach.
He was a highly esteemed young man
a sergeant of Company 8., N. G. of
California, and a member of San Pablo
Lodge No. 43, I. O. O. P., which will con
duct the funeral on Sunday afternoon.
Gift to Pomona College.
POMONA. Jan. 14.— President Furge
son of Pomona College has announced
that Dr. K. D. Pearsons, prominent In
the Congregational denomination of Chi
cago, has sent his check for $25,000 to the
trustees of Pomona College for a new
building for science at that institution.
FAVORS
AN ITALIAN
REPUBLIC
This Said to Be the
Aim and Hope of
Pope Leo.
Startling Article Believed
to Have Been Inspired
by Rome.
Declares Coexistence of the
Vatican and Monarchy
Is Impossible.
ONE MUST GIVE WAY.
Cites America and Switzerland as
Exemplars of National
Unity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The Rome corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle, In a
startling Statement this morning, quotes
largely from an article in Civilta Catollca,
which he declares is directly inspired by
the Vatican and the Pope, advocating, as
to the solution of the etrrnal questions
between the Vatican and th.> (julrinal,
the establishment an Italian republic.
The article, which is based on the
Pope's Christmas allocution, declares that
the thing which stands opposed to Papal
independence is not Italian unity, but
"the special and contrite form in which
[ that unity is maintained, with results
j much more disastrous to the state than
! to the Holy See."
. It proceeds to assert that the coexist
ence of the Vatican and the Italian mon
archy is impossible, and that one or the
other must go. It then suggests the
constitutions of Switzerland and America
as an example of "admirable and glori
ous constitutions; true union of nation
and state, differing from that of Italy,
which has produced nothing but weak
ness, misery and starvation."
The article concludes: "Without the aid
of foreign bayonets, the true Italy will
i find for itself its own way and will rise
j again, iet us hope, from the ignominy in
I which it now lies prostrate to true great
ness."
The Daily Chronicle's correspondent as
serts that this is "an intentional revela
tion to the outer world of the policy ac
tuating the inner mind of Cardinal Ram
polla (Papal secretary of state). He
adds:
"Probably there would no truth in the
supposition that either Cardinal Rampolla
or the Pope has any idea of even a tem
porary alliance with the republican party,
but yet they believe, while peace with
the King is impossible, it might be possi
ble with a repuhlie. The reason for the
appearance of this astounding pronounce
ment at the present moment is the belief
trfat not only the ministry but tho dynas
ty itself is menaced more seriously than
usual."
NEW TO-DAY.
HOW TO BE HAPPY,
THOUGH MARRIED.
Many an otherwise happy home and loving
couple are rendered miserable and desolate
through the ill-health of one. The only picture
of a cheerful home is where Manhood and
Womanhood are seen In their physical perfec-
tion.
WHY NOT APPLY TO YOUR LIFE.
Think It over carefully. Look at the happy,
contented faces of your friends and resolve to
be as they. Arouse yourself, be ambitious,
energetic, healthy, a success, "One of Nature's
Noblemen."
WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
ft?© -^P^ \§^|
DOCTOR_SWEANY.
HEART, BRAIN AND NERVES. S,SS£",s
the head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired, irri-
table, discontented feeling and a fear of death;
If you are nervous, sleepless, gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society, you
are suffering from a serious disease of the
nerves, brain and heart. You have no time
to lose. Call at once and CONSULT DR.
S WE A NT.
WFAtf AP.rIINR RAP.K^ There are thousands
WtAlx, AUnlrlb DAUN3. O f Middle-aged and
Old Men suffering _ with weak, aching backs,
which Is the result of overwork, dissipation or
excessive Indulgences in former years. The
kidneys become affected, the general health Im-
paired or broken down, causing all manner of
aches and pains, loss of vigor and partial or
total loss of sexual power. Many die of this
difficulty, ignorant of the cause. Remember'
that a weak, aching back means diseased kid-
neys, and diseased kidneys means a short and
wretched life. Dr. Sweany cures such dls-
YnilNß MFN If you have Indulged in early
IUUnU mvi, indiscretions and as a conse-
quence have losses, exhausting drains, pir-
n mull* indiscretions and as a conse-
nce have losses, exhausting drains, plm-
ples, bashfulness. aversion to society, a tired,
stupid, gloomy feeling and falling of memory,
lack of vigor, absolutely unfitting you for
study, business or marriage, do not neglect
yourself until too late. Do not allow false
pride and ' sham ' modesty to deter you In seek-
ing Immediate relief. . Get cured nnd he a man.
VARIP.HP.FI F Hydrocele. Piles, Fistula. Weak
THIUUUULLI., Organs. Stricture, swellings and
tenderness of the organs and glands treated
with oiling success.
RIIPTIIRF New method, sure cure, painless
IIUI mill., treatment; no knife, no detention
from work, no experiment. A positive, certain
nnd permanent cure.
I ADIF^V wl " receive careful and special
1.HU11.0 treatment for all their many ail-
ments.
WRITE If you live out of the city and can-
Tim I U no t call and get the doctor's opinion
of your case and his advice, which will be
given free of cost. A valuable book, "GUIDE
TO HEALTH," a treatise on all organs and
their diseases, pent ' free to every person on
application. Address •
in. I_i. S"W-EA.2>TY T IS&.TD.,
737 Market Street,
San Francisco, Cat.
DRUNKENNESS!
Morphine and Opium Habits. Painless
treatment. Sixth year 1000 cured ; low.
est prices; write to-day for full particu-
lars. Cut this out.
Gold Cure, Sacramento, Cal. 26 Page St., S. F.
•* «T r TK^Tri' e *-| II Hi -I *" is a uon -poisonous
,fj4mQ^^^mt*iM remedy for Gonorrhoea,
~>BBrCUKEe»^H| <-lt'it, SpertnatorrUopa,
mHUTia 1 tßiJivs.^l Whites, unnatural <iis-
. ■JmEW Gu»r»n;eed charges, or any iiidumma-
tiy'jj not to itricturc. tiou, irritation or ulcera-
JW-^JPreTeDU coDtmgioo. tion of mucous niem-
gy»trHEEvANS Gkem^h f!o. branes. Non-astringent.
I^AciNCINNAT!,O Old by »«gsl«U,
WHA. C. S. i 2Ks or sent in lain wrapper,
■j.^BatW JWI by e^pre-e. prepaid, tot
•^fVBBHTf^m i .- 00 ' nr 3 Potties. 12.75.
F^*" ■ Circular «ont oa re^uast.
34
IN SENATE AND HOUSE
CONFINED
THEMSELVES
TO ROUTINE
House Managers Not
Anxious for Cuban
Debate.
Agricultural Bill Passed
and Private Claims
Considered.
An Appropriation Made for the
Fish Exposition at
Bergen.
RELICS OF THE CIVIL WAR.
Vast Damages for Seizures Lead Up
to Argument and Considerable
Filibustering.
Special Pippatch to The Ca'.l.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 14.
It was the intention of the House
managers to proceed with the diplo
matic and consular appropriation bill
to-day, hut owing to the excited con
dition (>f affairs in Havana and the
wildly exaggerated reports afloat they
decided to avoid the possibility of open
ing up a Cuban debate by relinquish
ing the day to the Committee on Claims
in charge of bills on the private calen
dar. Before this order was entered
upon, the agriculture bill was passed.
Most of the day was consumed in a
filibuster against a bill to pay the pub
lishing house of the Methodist E]
pal Church. South, at Nashville, Term.,
1238,000 on account of Beixure and use
of the property of that corporation dur
ing the war. This took up the time
until 5 o'clock when the House ad
journed.
Until the House adjourned last night
the amendment to the agricultural ap
propriation bill, providing for the pub
lication of another edition of the
"Horse Book." was pending. To-day
the frit nds of the amendment compro
mised with the Appropriations Cum
min- . .nt; to a : f the
number to be printed fro;;:
75,000. A- . . • Lmendment
was adopted and the bill was passed.
The resolution accepting the invita
tion of the Government of Norway u>
participate in the International Fish
eries Exposition at Bergen, from May
ptember, ]v-.\, uas called up l>y
Simpkins iK.) of Massachusetts.
Cannon, chairman of th-- Appropria
- ;id that he thought
the exposition question in Congress was
running wild. We had domestic ex
positions at Philadelphia, Chicago, Cin
cinnati. New Orleans, Atlanta and
Nashville, and we were now about to
have one at < .-maha. Abroad we had
participated in the expositions at Vi
enna, Paris. Berlin and Brussels. The
anxiety ..f would-be commissioners to
have the honor and glory of our coun
try represented at these fureign expo
sitions was agonizing. Now, here came
this exposition at Bergen. Twenty
thousand dollar? to he appropriated
now. If this resolution passed Congress
would be called on to foot th-- bill for
a deficiency of $20,000. He gave it as
his deliberate judgment that the inter
■' the United States did not re
quire our participation in this exposi
tion. If we did our duty by the Paris
Exposition that would be enough.
The resolution was adopted.
Another resolution was adopted on
motion of Perkins (It.) of lowa, direct
ing the director of the Geological Survey
to prepare and have printed 40,000 cop
ies of a map of Alaska, showing the
m<rst feasible routes to the gold fields.
The House then went into committee
of the whole for the consideration of
bills on the private calendar.
A bill for the payment of $77,000 to
"William S. Grant of Cardiner, Me., for
supplies designed for the United States,
but confiscated by the Confederate
Government at the o-pening of the re
bellion, was favorably acted upon.
The Senate bill to refer to the Court
of Claims the claim of the corporation
of the book agents of the Methodist
Church, South, was next taken up.
Cooper CD.) of Texas, in charge of the
bill, moved as a substitute an appro
priation of $23*.00n for the full settle
ment of this claim.
The property of the corporation,
which was 'located at Nashville.-, Term..
■was s'-ized and held by th» United
States from 1862 to 1566, when it was
turned over to the owners. Cooper re
ferred to the fact that the profits of the
concern were applied to the support of
superannuated ministers. Thousands
r.f ]>"litions from religious bodies, he
said, had been received, urging the pas
sage of the bill. Dalz^ll (R.) of Penn
sylvania inaugurated a filibuster
against the measure by demanding th<»
reading of the report of the bill, which
consisted of about fifty pages, the read-
Ing of which would consume several
hours.
At the conclusion of an hour, when
Dalzell's time expired, the friends of
the bill attempted to secure an agree
ment for closing the debate, but all re
quests looking to this end were ob
jected to.
Richardson (D.) of Tennessee appeal
ed to the other side to allow a vote on
the bill. Savers (D.) of Texas said this
was as just a claim as had ever been
presented to Congress. The amount
asked by the Methodist Episcopal
Church, South, in this bill. he said was
not SO per cent of the amount which
had been recommended in the Court of
Claims. Lending bishops and divines
North and South had indorsed it. Com
mon justice, not charity, demanded its
passage.
Grosvenor fR.I of Ohio made a ten
minute speech in support of the bill
He said he knew personally enough
about the claim to say that $238,000 was
a very low estimate of the damage sus
tained by the corporation. After fur
ther discussion and before disposing of
the bill the House adjourned.
VALLEY ROAD OFFICIALS ON
A TOUR OF INSPECTION.
Will View the Work That Has Been Dane
on the Extension Into Kern
County.
FRESNO, Jan. 14.— A party of officials
of the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railroad arrived this morning
from Ran Francisco. Secretary Alexan
der Mackie is on his monthly pay tour.
and accompanying him on a tour of in
spection are Division Superintendent
Schindler, General Superintendent and
Chief Engineer W. B. Storey, First and
Second Vice-Presidents Robert Watt and
Captain H. Payson, Assistant Superin
tendent Rutherford and Captain ward,
representing: the Baldwin Locomotive
Works.
They went from here to Yisalia. and
from there will complete their trip to
Bakersfteld to inspect the work at the
front, which is now finished for seven or
eight miles into Kern County. The work
will not be carried south from Visalia
until the completion of the Hanford
branch to Bakersfield.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Senator Perkins Presents a Petition Asking
an Appropriation for the Improve
ment of California Rivers.
WASHINGTON, Jan. U.-Senator T< r
kins to-day presented the petition of the
California River Convention, asking an
appropriation for the improvement of the
Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers.
A postoflice was to-day established at
Bethell. Contra Costa County, Cal., and
Franklin C. Bethell was appointed Post
master.
The consular diplomatic appropriation
bill, which was reported to the H<>us.- to
day, contains an appropriation for the
establishment of a consulate at l>uws<'n
City, with a. salary of Jo'A-0 per year. The
salary of the Consul at Vancouver, B. C,
will be in< reased from HSM to SSKW.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Martin Bnyder,
Sacramento. $i<>: John (lottenburgh,
Sonoma, $6; William H. Miller .Tulare,
16; Chester F. Wood, San Fr
■-■ ator Mcßride of Oregon to-day in
troduced ■ bill making an appropriation
of HOO.OOO for an immediate sun. y of the
Yukon River, Alaska. This is the same
as the provision in the urgent <iei.'
bill, with tiie Copper River left out- & I
ator Perkins to-day Introduced the
following bills: To provide an Amei
register for the steamer Leelanaw,
by James Jen. me of San Francisco; to re
peal ihe timber culture laws; giving t)-.<
• nor of Alaska power to appoint no
taries: tij provide for a civil government
for Alaska: to establish a >;al
in the Distri' t of Columbia; to remove
the charge of desertion against the mili
tary record of n. s. Boole of California.
The Secretary of the treasury to-day
recommended to Congress a:\ appropria
tion for telephone connections between
town of Point Arena and Point Arena
light. The amount asken for
the proposition is recommended by me
Lighthouse Board.
Attorney-General »cn.enna submitted to
Congress the report of the Code Commis
sion relative to the laws of Alaska. The
report is signed by Commissioners
Thompson, Culbertson and Bodkin.
The Senate Committee on Postofllces
and Postroads will consider the nomina
tion of A. a. throw to be Postmaster
at Santa Clara. Cal., on Wednesday. Con
pressman Loud will be heard by the com
mission in his interest. This is the nomi
nation Senator Perkins is endeavoring to
hold up.
Representative de Vries to-day intro
duced a bill for the relief of Edward
Newman. Dr. Castle introduced a bill re
moving the charge of desertion against
the military record of P. T. Griffith of
San Diego.
PRESIDENT AND MRS.
McKINLEY EN TER TAIN ED
BY THE HOBARTS.
Those Who Attended a Beautifully Appointed
Dinner at the Mansion of the
Vice-President.
AVAPTTIN<:T< )N. Jan. 14.— The Vioe
<nt and Mrs. Bobart entertained
the President and Mrs. McKlnley this
ig at a beautifully appointed din
ner of twenty • •■•!-. The diniriK-ro.irn
library of the Viee-Presldent'i man-
Bion, the former home of Senator and
Mrs. Cameron, were fragrant with roses.
while the : ■ - - were
seated were superbly decorated with
Bridesmaid rose.- and lighted with tiny
wax tapers, under silver and white
shades. Mrs. Hobart's gown was of
peart-gray brocade, trimmed with rare
old lace, with which she wore ornaments
of pearls and diamo>. •!-.
Thia was Mrs. McKinley*S first appenr
ance as a dinner guest* in Washington
since the Inauguration, and was ■
quf-ntly waited with great interest. She
wore a very rich toilet of blue satin, with
diamond ornaments. The other guests
present were the Secretary of State and
Mrs. Sherman, the Secretary of the
Treasury and Mrs. Gage, Mrs. AJger,
the Attorney-General and Mrs. UcKen
na, the Postmaster-General and Mrs.
Gary, the Secretary of the Navy and Mrs.
Long, the Secretary of the interior and
Mrs. P.liss. Secretary of Agriculture Wil
son. Mrs. 9tinfor<3. the guest of the ).
and Senator SeweU of New J.-:
MADE UNEASY BY
THE FRENCH DEMANDS.
It Is Reported That Japan Will Send a
Squadron on Account of the Threat
ening of Hainan.
LONDON, Jan. IS.— A special dispatch
from Shanghai says it is reported there
that the French demands as to Hainan
b&vfl created uneasiness In Japan.
Admiral Yang Yu has been ordered to
assUBM personal command of the Wo
Sung forts. Yu-Kun-Yisli is establishing
conscription in certain districts of Yang-
Tsc, Wu-Hu and Tao-Tai and has pro
claimed all able-bodied men liable to
service. L.v Yang is reported to be rais
ing large forces in Kwang Tung, where
h'' is also Intrusted with the command of
th>- southern squadron.
It is reported that Japan will send a
squadron on account of the French
threatening Hainan.
CLEVELAND DID NOT ASK
FOR A COMPLETE PARDON.
Knowing the History of the Worden Case, the
ex-President Sought to Obtain a
Commutation Ticket.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— At Princeton to
day former President Grover Cleveland
said regarding his letter to Governor
IJudd of California, in which he asked an
extension of executive clemency for
Salter D. Worden. sentenced to hang for
his part in the train-wrecking of ]*:»4. thnt
he knew the history of the case very well
and knew what the man was and the
position and standing of his family. He
thinks th<- man should he punished for his
crime, but not by hanging, and he did
not ask the Governor of California for
a complete pardon for Worden, but for
a commutation of his sentence.
ROW AT THE RINGSIDE.
DAYTON, 0., Jan. 14.— An effort was
made to-night to pull off the much-talked
of four-round contest between Kid Mc-
Coy and Australian Jimmy Ryan. Both
men had on their fighting costumes and
the Kid was in his corner when a wrangle
in Ryan's dressing room Stopped the
whole business. Ryan was to receive IUS
if he stayed four rounds, or half that
amount if knocked out. Manager Kelly
insisted that the Jf.2.50 which Ryan was
to receive, win or lose, should be turned
over. Homer Sclby, the Kid's brother
said that the money was ready, but that
Ryan should first give evidence of his
good faith. The Chief of Police arrived
and put an end to further proceedings.
CAPTAIN CARTERS COURT-MARTIAL
SAVANNAH. Ga., Jan. 14.-C n ptain
Caastua Gillette was the first witness in
the Carter court-martial this morning.
He was on the stand some time and testi
fied as to the work under his supervis
ion and relative to the method by which
it was done by the Atlantic Construction
Company. He told of the work of the
( uniturland Sound being taken out of
his jurisdiction. He recited the facts In
cidental to his inspection of the material
of the Cumberland Sound work and said
it was not constructed as it should have
DMBi
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXUABY 15, 1898.
HOAR WOULD
AMEND THE
CONSTITUTION
Offers a Resolution
Extending Federal
Terms.
Wants Presidentand Con
gress to Stay in Office
Until April.
An Investigation of the Burning
of Two Indians De
manded.
TO PROSECUTE LYNCHERS.
Senators Seek Information Concerning
Suyar Importations to This
Country.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Tall.
Call Office, RiggS House,
Washington, Jan. 14.
After the transaction of simw routine
business in thy Senate to-day, Hoar of
Massachusetts presented the following
resolutions, proposing an amendment to
th<- constitution:
•That the following article be pro
posed to the Legislatures iff the several
Staled as an amendment to the consti
tution of the United States:
"The term of office of the President
and of the Fifty-sixth Congress shall
continue until the 30th day of April,
in the year 1899, at noon. The Sena
ton whose existing term would other
wise expire OH the 4th day of March,
in tin- year lv*:*. or thereafter, shall
continue in office until noon of the
day of April succ ling such expira
tion, and the 3uth day of April, at noon.
shall thereafter be substituted for the
4th of March as the commencement
and termination of the official terms
of President, Vice-President, senators
and Representatives in Congn
The resolution was referred to the
commit! >n privileges and elections.
yuuy of Pennsylvania offered the fol
lowing resolution, which was ref<
to th.- committee on Indian affa
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the
Interior shall be and hereby is in
structed to investigate the facts at
. Qg the recent alleged atrocious
burning to death of two Beminot<
■ li.vis by a mob in Oklahoma T«fl I
and to make a report thereon to Con
gress.
"That the sum of $25, W0, or so much
thereof as may be necessary, is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropria: -
ed for the investigation, apprehensio-i
and punishment of the guilty persons,
to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior."
Lodge of Massachusetts offered a
- ntion, which v.as agreed to. call
ing upon the Secretary of Agriculture
to supply the Senate with Information
as to the amount of sugar Imported
into the United States; th~ amount of
beet sugar produced in the United
States: with what sugar. Imported or
domestic, the beet sugar comes into
competition, and what effect Ha
waiian sugar has or (an have upon
beet-sugar production in the United
States.
Tillman of South Carolina announced
that, on account of th.- absence of his
colleague. McLonrin, h^ would ask that
the eulogies upon the late Senator Jo
seph A. Earle, Which were to have be*-n
presented to-day, be postponed. Th.
request was granted.
The Senate then, on motion of Davis
chairman of the committee on foreign
relations, went into executive session
The executive session continued un
til 4:30 p. m., when, in o-pen session
a message from the President trans
mitting his approval of the award of
th<- liering Sea Commissioners was re
ceived and read.
Consideration of bills on the pension
calendar was then begun, and nineteen
were pannul
llcßride had passed a bill granting
pensions to the survivors of certain In
dian wars.
The Senate, then, at 5:0.-| o'clock on
moticrn of Quay, adjourned until Mon
dciy.
NOMINATIONS CONFIRMED.
The Senate Approves a Large Number of
Presidential Appointments.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.-The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions:
H. King of Michigan, to be Minister to
Siam.
To be secretaries of legation— C. Mc-
Namy of Pennsylvania, secretary and
Consul-General at Bogota. Columbia; w.
F. Sands, secretary at Seoul. Corea; A
M. Beaupre, at Guatemala and Honduras
To be Consuls— X. K. Kennedy of Mis
sissippi, at Para, Brazil; C. Donaldson
at Managua. Nicaragua: L. S. Wilcox of
Illinois, at Hankow, China; C. w Kin-
d f rl ck of Louisiana, at Cludad Juarez
Mexico: L. W .Livingston of Florida, at
Sfa&ssdf w - Furnlss of indtana .
To be Attorney of the United States
dianTer?itory n> Southern «****<* of In-
Leader R. Mitchell of Indiana, to be
Assistant Comptroller of the Treasruy
To be receiver of public moneys— L "L
Carter, at Redding. Cal.: A. W." KhVneV
ville ral g6leS; "■ Maloch - at Marys:
Robert J. Tracewell of Indiana to be
Comptroller of the Treasury; N I. Chew
Of Indiana, to be Assistant' Registrar of
the Treasury; A. L. I.awshe of Indiana
P artmem Uty auditor of the Postoffice De-1
Mark S. Brewer of Michigan, to be a
civil service commissioner.
Frank M. Swasey of Redding. Cal to
din " Cal C ' r ° thC and OmcQ « Red"
Postmasters— Colorado. HA W Ta
bor. Denver: K. E. . %*'%& l Monte
\ista. Washington. G. W. Temple Sno
kane. Oregon. G. Engle. Ashland. P
AN ANTI-FLIRTING
BILL TO BE PASSED.
Virginia Legislators Recognize the Necessity
of Protecting Girls Attending Public
and Private Schools.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.-A Herald special
from Richmond, Va., says: The ar.ti
filrting measure, which has been regard.
Ed in the spirit of a joke, has taken on a
The facsimile >/ /^r— ' is <* every wrapper
•mature of (***&7%%Zic of CASTOEIA.
serious phase, and there is now good rea
son to believe that it will become a law.
The committee on common schools
and public institutions considered
the measure to-day, and mem
bers had their eyes opened by a large
number of letters from principals of fe
male schools which advocated the pas
sage of the measure, and attached so
much importance to it as to cause those
w 'h« have heretofore made fun of the
bill to declare that they would vote to
make it a law. The bill has for its ob
tec} the protection of school girls from
objectionable young men who loiter
around the schools. In this city there
are several large female schools and the
need of such a law is felt. When the
Legislature two years ago declined to
pass such a bill the City Council passed
an ordinance to prevent flirting.
DEATH CLAIMS THE REV.
CHARLES LUT WEDGE DODGSON.
Wrote Under the Norn de Plume of Lewis
Carrol/ and Was the Author of
"Alice In Wonder/and."
LONDON', Jan. 14.— The Rev. C. 1,.
Dodgson, whose norn de plume is "Lew
is Carroll." author of "Alice in Wonder
land," is dead.
( hart— Lm wedge Dodgson was horn In
ISa. graduated at Christchurch. Oxford,
in i 5.,4. with high honors in mathematics,
and was ordained to the ministry in IS6I.
Me was the author of a large num>.-r of
valuable works in mathematics, among
tneno tuclid and His Modern Rivals"
.'• '"•,,. , L P der the pseudonym <>f "Lewis
,' ',";' "• Produced many quaint books
mat r ( , r children are unrivaled. Among
them are: "Alice's Adventures in Won
aenand (1865), "Phantasmagoria and
OUier | Poems" (MO), "Through the Look
i!.^-<,!a Ss . and What Alice Found There"
l.Li '• '\ *' s Adventures Underground."
inrough the Looking-Glass." which is a
continuation of "Alice's Adventures "
is MtabUahed as an English nursery
. lassie and has been translated into
nearly every language in Europe.
THOMPSON AGAIN UNDER
ARREST AS A FORGER.
New Zealander Who Promised to Leave
This Country Fails to Keep
His Word.
PAN* JOSE. Jan. 14.— Frederick W.
Thompson, who was arrested several
months ago for forgery and subsequently
dismissed from custody upon his prom
r.-turn to his home in New Zealand.
Is again In jail charged with the same
lie was arrested to-night for
-' the name of H. 11. Main, pro
•r of the Herald, to a $3 check which
issed upon O. F. <'ook. proprietor
Of a Mark.-t street lodging bouse.
l hompson's iirst offense was the signing
■ i. \v. Maynard'a name t<> two (
tor t, H each. Tjese be passed i:» local
business bouse* \fter being in tail for
three months, bi s released on January
! on condition v...it he leave the B
1 his hf promised to do.
Thompson is a mkl ile-aged English
man, and is said to belong to an aristo
ami Influential family in New Zea
land, who s.-i.i him to this country in the
that he might reform. His connec
tions causc,i local Englishmen to work
!n his behalf and secured his release on
his former crime, but now he is un
doubtedly "loomed to serve a term in
State prison.
PROFESSOR DUDLEY WILL
SUE SOQUEL CONSTABLES.
Proceedings to Be Brought Against the
Officers Who Arrested Him as a
Counterfeiter.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Jan. 14.—
The Soquel officers responsible tor the
arrest of Professor W. K. Dudley may
-i ive cause to regret their haste in en
deavoring to earn a fee by accusing the
botanist of counterfeiting. Professor
Dudley stated to-day that- he had placed
the, matter of th prosecution in the
bands of his attorney*, whom he had di
rected to push the case against ].. ac
cusers upon any tenable grounds. Pro
fessor Dudley maintains that Pratt and
Kittredge, the arresting officers, made no
effort to communicate with Stanford Uni
versity, as he requested, on the night of
the arrest, and be maintains that his de
tention anil imprisonment until noon" of
the next day was criminal.
"Beyond my own personal feelings." he
continued, "1 Intend to see that our stud
ents and others going out from the Uni
versity upon similar expeditions shall not
suffer a like fate and be thrown into some
disreputable calaboose on the fancied
identification of a couple of public saloon
keepers."
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TO PIERCE
THE DARKNESS OF AGES.
Nineteenth Certury Illumination to Be Useo
in All The Ancient Catacombs
of Rome.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.— A Herald special
fr.. m l'ittsl.urg. Pa., says: Within
twelve months the Catacombs of Rome
will be Illuminated by nineteenth century
nt electric lights. The w • >
Ingbouse < '. nipany received a cable
gram to-day fruni their Home represen
tative announcing that he had closed the
contract for lighting the Catacombs of
St. Calllatus, St. Agnes. St. Cyrlaca, St
Domitila. Bt Pricilla and St. Pontlanus.
Some months ago the subterranean l.uriai
ground of St Callistus was lighted, and
the effect Wi I so satisfactory that the
persons ir. charge decided to have elec
tririty put in all the Catacombs of the
city.
AMALGAMATED ENGINEERS
WILLING TO ARBITRATE.
Committee of Allied Trades Unions Has Taken
the Initiative and Withdraws the Demand
for Forty-Eight Hours of Labor a Week.
LONDON, Jan. 14.— The committee of
the Allied Trades Unions has taken the
Initiative, and, on behalf of the amalga
mated engineers, has decided to with
draw the demand for forty-eight hours
of labor per week. The workmen's offi
cials hope the employers will withdraw
the lock-out notices and thus end tne
great labor dispute.
The manifesto of the Amalgamated So
ciety of Engineers, issued this evening,
ignores to-day's report. It merely re
cites the engineers' contentions and says
they are willing to arbitrate the ques
tion of hours of work.
ROMANTIC MARRIAGE
OF AN AGED COUPLE.
WBBBTBR CITY. In.. Jan. 14.— Elijah
Davis, t"i years of apn, tad Miss Fannie
Spaulding, 67 years of age. wore married
1 "-night. Their union was the culmina
tion of a romance of forty-seven years'
standing. In 1851, while hunting along
the banks of the Ohio River, Davis r. s
cued a party of five young women who
were overturned in a rowboat. Up f.-n
in love with one of them. Miss Spauld
ing. but her parents objected to the
union. He went to the California gold
mines shortly after, and she came to
lowa. A little over two months ago
Davis traded for an lowa farm, and when
he came to inspect his property he found
his sweetheart was his renter.
The Poor Lose a Friend.
PRTALIMA. Jan. 14.— Yesterday morn
ing Mrs. I'ercila Wilson widow of Captain
\V. I. Wilson, and a native of Brantford,
Ontario, died, aged 71 years. • During the
seven years of her residence here Mrs.
Wilson cave her attention mostly to char
itable deeds, taking almost entire care
of several needy families, and all her
benevolent acts being performed in the
quietest manner possible. Her death was
primarily due to the bite of a pet par
rut, but she had already selected a casket
and riven minute directions concerning
her funeral and interment. She leaves
an estate aggregating jUx.ut 0)0.000, and
her nieces, Mrs. Ivy Leach and Miss Ma
bel Meadows of Canada, are the probable
heirs.
WEAK ALIBI
FOR WINTERS
EvideVtce Taken in De
fense of the Baden
Murder Suspect.
Seeks to Prove He Was in San
Francisco When Andrews
Was Slain.
Case Will Probably Be in the Hands
of the Jury by Noon
To -Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Jan. 14.— The evi
dence for the people in the Baden mur
der case has been taken, and the de
fense this afternoon commenced the
introduction of testimony. Attorney
Nagle made an attempt to prove an
alibi for his client Winters. The
taking: of testimony -will probably be
completed by to-morrow noon, and a
verdict may be expected by night.
Patrick Ferriters brother John to
day corroborated in every particular
the testimony of Patrick Ferriter and
James McNamara as to what took
place in the Grand Hotel on the morn
ing of November IT. He had grot a good
look at the face of the robber, and he
identified Winters as the man. Ferri
ter was asked to look at the defendant
and see if he positively identified him.
He replied, "He's the man."
Constable Fred Desirello said he saw
Winters in company with Raymond
about 9 o'clock on the evening of the
16th of November, in front of the Ar
cade Hotel in South Pan Francisco.
He followed them as they moved about
;;n<l saw them go in the direction of the
Grand Hotel. Thomas Riley, a labor
er at the packing house, saw Winters
and Raymond about h.ilf way from
the packing house to Haden, the dis
tance being p. bout a mile between the
two points. This was on the afternoon
of the 16th of November, the day be
fore the murder, and between L':3o and
3:30 o'clock. He Identified Winters,
and. upon the production of Raymond
in court, recognized him as the other
man.
Richard Connolly, the man who was
shot that night. Identified Winters as
the man captured in the hall of the ho
tel.
Mr. Kagle, counsel for defendant,
presented an affidavit of defendant
asking for a continuance to procure
the attendance of Mr. Hammond of
the Weather Bureau for the purpose
of showing at what time the moon rose
and set on the night in question. The
court denied the motion, remarking
that he would take Judicial notice of
that matter and instruct the jury ac
cordingly.
Attorney Nagle then made his open
ing statement to the jury. He said he
would prove an alibi, and that Win
iiii not own the pistol introduced
in evidence against him. He then
made an offer of the Grand Hotel in
Baden in evidence for the defendant,
which caused considerable mirth in the
courtroom. Nagle asked that the jury
be taken there to view the premises.
The court denied the motion.
In support of his alibi the defendant
called Charles George, who testified
that he saw Winters in San Francisco
about the 16th or 17th of November
last, but was n<>t sure o-f the date. An
other witness about as satisfactory, in
th" person Of '"harles Pleigle. testified
that he saw Winters a couple of months
ago in San Francisco, but could not
remember the date.
The defendant then took the stand
in his own behalf, and had just com
pleted his direct examination when
court adjmirn.d. He testified that on
the 16th of November he left San Fran
cisco and went to Baden looking for
work. He went out to the packing
house. ]>ut was unsuccessful in getting
employment. There was another man
with him whom he met in Baden, and
who went with him to the packing
house — a stranger to- him. He never
saw Raymond in Baden. On his way
back to the town he met a man driv
ing a grocery wagon and asked for a
ride, which he received as far as Ba
den. From there he started for Pan
Francisco. When he got to the Orand
Hotel hf> stopped and got a glass of
beer and some crackers. Having fin
ished his repast, he started on again
for Pan Francisco. That night he met
rharles fleorge. They knocked about
from saloon to saloon until about 11
o'clock, nt which time he went to the
Salvation Army quarters, on New-
Montgomery street, and slept in a five
cent bed all nicht.
VICE-PRESIDENT PEREIRA
RETURNS TO RIO JANEIRO.
Although He Escaped From Prison and Fled
He Is Now Willing to Face the
Charges Against Him.
Copyright. I<W. hy James Hori^n T>nnett
BUENOS AYRES, Jan. 14. - The
Herald's correspondent in Rio Janeiro,
Brazil, telegraphs that Vice-President
Pereira, who is accused of being at the
head of the plot to overthrow President
Moraes, is again in the city. He escaped
from prison and fled the city some time
ago. Senor Pereira declares he is ready
to maintain the dignity of his position
and will speak frankly when he appears
before the extraordinary tribunal up
pointed to try officials and others impli
cated in the conspiracy.
Purse for McCoy and Goff.
BALTIMORE, Jan. Manager Here
ford of the Eureka Athletic Club has
hung-up a purse of $1000 for a go be
**iSS? KU \ IcC ?. y and Charlie Goff. the
middle-weight, the winner to take BO ncr
cent of the receipts. "Billy" Madden
Oolt s manager, has accepted for Goff'
and there is little doubt of McCoy's ac
ceptance.
Wants to Ride in England.
LONDON, Jan. 14.-The Cunard line
steamer Campania, which sails for New
York from Liverpool tomorrow, will
take among her passengers Tod Sloan
the American jockey. He says he is eo
ing to Cincinnati to ask Mr. " Fleischman
;:;^:: a m^iand. that he be able
Destructive Storms Along the Coast.
Reports of maritime disasters along the
coast come in thick and fast. People who
"go down to the sea in ships 11 should bear tn
mind one thing in particular, namely, that it
is highly desirable to take along a supply of
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters as a remedy for
sea sickness. Nausea, dyspepsia, biliousness,
constipation, malaria, nervousness and kid-
ney trouble, all succumb to its beneficent and
speedy aetkw v
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
total Museum of Anatomy
A a lcn KA2ZST sr - t! - eti 4 ::i ' s - r - CiL
1 MAI The iiikiodintl;e World.
l^j A DR * JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Ky^ Ak ' f!on «a t '» : '« >a (W. TTrft* for B*ok
V I of Marriage.
* ™ MAILED FREE.- -
WHITTIER'S
EARLY LOVE
A Boyhood Romance of
the Great Quaker
Poet.
An Interesting Story Revealed
on His Ninetieth
Birthday.
Admired a Beautiful Girl, but Soon
Realized That His Suit Was
Hopeless.
Special Dispatch to Th« CalL
BOSTON, Jan. 14.— 1t is of special in
terest that following John Greenleaf
"Whittier's ninetieth birthday, there
should be published for the first time
& full and absolutely authentic story
of the Quaker poet's boy love. It will
be remembered that Whittier, by his
Will, left $10,000 to the Amesbury Home
for Aged Women. In connection with
this comes the story of romantic inter
est.
Two years after the death of Whit
tier an old lady made application for
admission on the ground that in her
youth she was a schoolmate and friend
of the poet. She would no doubt have
been received if she had not died soon
after making the application. She was
Mrs. Evelyna Bray Downey. Evelyna
Bray was born at Marblehead, Mass.,
October 10, 1810. Evelyna is described
as a tall and strikingly beautiful bru
nette, with remarkable richness of col
oring. The house at which she boarded
was directly opposite that at which
"Whittier boarded. He was then nine
teen years old, and she was seventeen.
Whittier paid a visit to the home of
his schoolmate. She could not invite
him in, but instead suggested a stroll.
The young couple, after a discussion of
the situation, saw the hopelessness of
securing the needed consent of their
parents and whatever dreams they
may have cherished were from this
hour abandoned and they parted with
this understanding.
For more than fifty years they met
but once again. Miss Bray married a
St. Louis Episcopal clergyman. Rev.
"William S. Downey, an Englishman,
claiming to be of noble birth. He left
the Episcopal church and became a
Baptist evangelist, preaching in the
streets and distributing tracts of his
own composition. They came to New
York, where he continued to write and
distribute tracts. His wife had never
told him of her early acquaintance with
Whittier, but he found it out by a sin
gular chance, and wrote Whittier that
he was her husband and begged for as
sistance in his work of preaching the
gospel.
Whittier feared his old friend might
be in destitute circumstances, and for
her sake he made a liberal remittance.
The husband kept all this from his
wife, who, he knew, would at once re
turn the money. But she came upon
the fact by finding a letter of Whittier
in his pocket. She was indignant, but
her letter to Whittier returning the
money was written in the most delicate
terms and gave nothing of the misery
of her life. She was in occasional cor
respondence with him until the year of
his death. Their only meeting "was at
the Haverhill Academy reunion of 1885
fifty-eight years after the love episode
of their school days. He took her apart
from the other schoolmates and they
exchanged souvenirs.
MONTEREY'S NEW CONVENT.
Exterior Work Upon the Pretty Structure
Has Been Completed.
MONTEREY. Jan. 14.-The npw San
Carlos Roman Catholic Convent that wu
be^un in October last has been completed
externally and the painters are now at
work upon it. The building is a large
square, three-story house, with a wing
at the back for the culinary department
and large dining hall. It is a substantial
frame structure, weather-boarded in the
English style, and its architecture ||
wonderfully in accord with its historical
R# ' • " want 10 thank you, old man, for putting me on to Piper Heid- f&
JT sieck Plug .Tobacco. It's the only thing I know of that is really \Q±
gyj cheap and good at the same time." # Jjj
& The enjoyment of the Champagne Flavor of f J^
8 PI PF R ' *|
I HEIDSIECK I
I PLUG TOBACCO %
4<tv is no longer limited to the rich. Since the 40 per cent, increase in ibs *•
GJJ size Piper Heidsieck Plug is really the cheapest tobacco on the* i£
Cpf market. Ask your tobacconist for the neat piece and get the biggest Cr*\
>O\ plug of finely flavored tobacco you ever got for 5 cents. "" m)C
surroundings and the old adobe missiok
church, opposite which it stands. Th#
large grounds that surround the convent.
reaching to the hanks of a pretty lagunf
on the east, will be put into order aa boo)
as the builders have removed their para
phernalia, and th« ensemble when com
pleted will, if present plans are earring
out, be one of the most attractive con
vent places in America.
The interior will be 'lUite as attractive
but much work remains to be done thera}
Plastering dries slowly in this salt at
mosphere and as no mural decorations
can be begun till the walls are thorough
ly dry it will probably be some time be
fore this portion ot the work :s finished.
The other inside finishing ia progressing
U rapidly aa those in charge could desire
and the house will probably be dedicated
about Easter.
Rev. Father R. M. Mestres, the priest
of this parish, expects to leave in a few
weeks for St. Louis. Mo., to select teach
ers f.»r the convent school. He will go to
the mother house of the order of St. Jo
seph—situated at St. Louis— and from
among the sisters there bring five to take,
charge of the educational work here. The
St. Joseph Sisters are noted as an educa
tional order, and with them in charge
Father Mestres hopes to make this con
vent equal and in time surpass any school
in the State.
Location of Lands in Alaska.
"WASHINGTON". Jan. 14.— Senator Per
kins of California to-day introduced a hill
amendatory at the act providing a civil
government for Alaska, providing that all
public lands not reserved in Alaska con
taining coal, lignite or mineral oil may be
claimed and entered under the land laws;
that locations not exceeding 040 acres may
he located by any qualified mineral claim
ant, but entry can be made only on dis
covery of coal, lignite or mineral oil on
the location, and that tho purchase pri^e
of land claimed under this act shall be
$2 50 an acre.
GET VIM
Vim is what you lack.
I You feel dull and tired \
when you wake. You 5
are drowsy. You have i
night sweats. Spots be- p
fore the eyes and nerv- :
ous depression. The one
fact that stares you in
the face is that you have I
no vim and no manhood. \
; Get back your fine sense
of full power; of furl \
vigor ; of perfect man-
\ liness. A man who I
abuses his constitution jj
in any way suffers for
I it, Buf'Hudyan" comes
< to their relief so rapidly j
that it surprises. Drains
' stop in a week. It is the i
! drain on your system |
j that has lost to you all ;
i the vim you had. "Hud- ■
\ yan" will replace it. I
\ Write and ask for circu-
lars and the most con-
vincing testimonials. All
■ free. Medical advice
: free too. even if you have
• blood taint. Thin eye-
\ brows, lumps in the
\ throat, copper- colored
spots indicate some form
of blood poison. Ask for
] free "30-day blood cure"
circulars. As free as
"Hudyan" circulars. But
■ be sure to write or call
\ at once. It is the delay
I that kills. You can be
j a man — a whole man,
{ and a man with pure
blood if you will. Act!
VIM "NOW
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO.PROVE NAUGHT
AGAINST WEBB
Witnesses Give Testi
mony in Rebuttal at
Los Angeles.
Though for the Prosecution,
Each Helps the Case of
the Defense.
Evidence That the School Director
Prevented Several Schemes of
Boodlers.
Special PlFpatch to The Call.
LOS XNGELES, Jan. 14.— School Di
rector Webb's prosecutors had their in
ning tojrnight before the Board of Ed
ucation. They introduced testimony
which they claimed was in rebuttal,
though no one, but perhaps themselves,
: Bee when utted any tes
timony of the defense. W. A. Cheney,
the leadine: counsel for the prosecu
tion, on behalf of the League for Bet
ter City Government, had promised
thing very Interesting, but so far
as implicating the accused in anything
blameworthy the rebuttal was a fizzle;
in fact it was a veritable boomerang
the prosecution, for every witness
nony only to the good char
fairness and integrity of Walter
L. Webb
Whon the proceedings opened Secre
sald he had tried to sub-
J. F. Adams, but the latter had
left town and would not return for ten
days. It was finally agreed that the
'. should pay for a transcript of
Adams' testimony given In the Su
perior Court during the trial of Webb,
and that this be put In us part of the
cape for the defense.
Ex-Chairman Mathid and Directors
Conrey and Bartlett were put on by
the defense, and testified to their hav
ing been warned against Adams by
various persons, and that Webb had
expressed himself as being suspicious
of Adams' honesty, and had gone so
far in one instance as to suggest to
p r Mathis, who was then chairman of
the board, to put two strong members
the committees to which he ap
• ! Adams. Conrey, who was
chairman of the teachers' committee, of
which Webb was a member, stated that
Webb had a" him very
kindly and that he had not been dom
: % Wi bb. so far as he kn-w.
He added that there had never been
•ii the members of
the teachers' committee, and that he
and Webb were always on friendly
terms. Their only difference of opin
ion was over th- cases of Miss Mac
Owen and Miss Harden, two of the
who were dropped from the
LSt June.
Deputy Superintendent of Schools
Ennis was the first witness put on
in rebuttal.
He t^tified that he had marked Miss
Mac Owen on one occasion "fair," and
on another "poor to fair." In giving
her marking to the teachers' commit
he thought he had rated her as
'fair." Th- marking **po«r to fair"
:nate of the young
1 idy's ability. This marking he had
given her about three weeks before the
pointed.
f Miss Owen was one of five or six
teachers, similarly rat^d. who had
been dropped. Her case was not ex
■nal. He further testified that a
number of her friends had called on
ne t" have him use his in
fluence to have hrr reinstated. Among
w^re Mr. Garland, W. Childs and
T. E. Gibbon. Some of them called
mnre than once.
Then came one of the witnesses who
was evidently expected to develop
Fomethins- int>-rrsting. Mr. Gauchnaur
Is a solicitor for the firm of Fuller
Company, dealers in oils. He testi
fied that he knew Adams. Axt»ll and
Webb Hi? testimony in its most Im
portant part? was as follows:
- m^ months ago Mr. Edwards, an
other eoliciti r for Fuller & Co.. came
to me and said Mr. Adams said there
would have to be something in it for
him or we would lope the trade of th<*
prhoo] department. I wr-nt to Mr.
Adams. T .\ h" told me h<~- had authority
to speak for th<> purchasing committee
and h<" j said then 1 would have to be
'hinpr in it for him. I said there
be nothing in it except 2 per cent
discount, owing to the low prices. He
■ Mr. Axtell. I w<=-nt
"r. Axtell and h--> said to do noth
ing until I saw Mr. Webb. I reported
the result of my interview with Axtell
to Edwards, and asked him to P<-e
Webb. Adams never came to see why
he pot no rake-off."
Under the cross-examination of E. A.
Meserve, attorney for the defense,
Gauchnaur testified further as fol
lows:
"Edwards went to "Webb, and "Webb
Raid he wanted nothing but good
prices, and that he was not in that
Idnd of business."
Edwards was called by the prosecu
tion, and he proved one of the best
witnesses for the defense that has ta-
Mn the stand during this investiga
v d. ■■ He testified that he was ap
proached by Adams one day on Main
street about oil for the Board of Edu
cation. ■ .
"I tnM him," continued the witness, !
"that I was not selling that kind of ]
F<~>r,rsc, and I ma^p an appointment for \
him with Mr. Gauchnaur. Adams
wanted about 10 p p r rent, from what
Mr. Gauchnaur told me. After Gaur-h- ,
naur. reported to me what Adams
wanted T concluded we had hetter see
Mr. Webb. In the spring I had be^n !
Informed that Webb was not Inclined
to give up an fqual show with others.
He Bald he waa favorably impressed
v.ith Fuller & Co. I went to Mr. Webb
after T hud Introduced Adams to Mr.
Gauchnaur and after he had asked for
a rake-off.
"Webb =aid he did not want anything
of that kind done. llf add <\ that If
anythins: further of That kind oc
curred he would brine it to the notice
of the Board of Education, and he ask
ed me to let him know. I said some
time afterward that I did not believe
the charges made against him, as his
transactions with me were always
Ftraipht."
George M. Trowbridge testified to
having had nothing to dr. with the
■writing of the anonymous note sent to
\Vebb. reading as follows:
; "Yon need th" Times. ..Trowbridge
needs- money. See Trowbridge. BOO."
What this was in rebuttal of was not
made plain, though one of the attor
neys for the prosecution stated that he
wished to disprove a certain part of
Webb's signed statement published In
The Call. It was that part in which
Webb charged the Times with having
been unjust to him.
In the course of his testimony this i
f'tness said that Webb had never ac- I
ised him of having written the note.
IT.' said further that Wfhb said to him
that he expected to prove his lnjio- ;
cence, and he hoped the Times would |
prive the same prominence to the proofs 1
of his Innocence that It had driven to
th« statements of his guilt. The wit- I
THE CALL'S STAND FOR DECENT JOURNALISM
COURAGE AND RIGHT PRINCIPLE.
SONOMA, Jan. 8, 1898.
To the Editor of The Call: Please ac
cept my sincerest thanks and congratu
lations for the courage and high princi
ple manifested in editing to-day's Call
without th^se most horrible and de
praving illustrations of the execution
which s^med to be a prominent fea
ture of the other dailies. I rejoice to
see a daily of such a kind as yours.
Most truJy, O. E. HOTLE,
Pastor M. E. Church.
ONE IDECENT MORNING PAPER.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
I want to express my good feeling to
ward you for the way in which you
have handled the account of Durrant's
execution in this morning's issue. It
is a new departure for a morning paper
to publish euch sensational matter in
such a business-like shape, with noth
ing repulsive to the general reader —
mo unnecessary cuts and detail. I
! thank you for showing us that we have
i a morning paper which can be decent,
and hope you will continue in this di
' rectlon. Very truly yours,
CHARLES PF.XNELL.
San Francisco, January 8, IS9S.
NOT MINISTERING TO MORBIDITY-
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir:
I wish to thank The Call most sincere
ly for the wis» nn<l patriotic manner in
which it subordinated its business in
terests to the higher interests of the
community in presenting the facts of
the Durrant execution without accom
panying illustrations, which, at best,
would have buf ministered to depraved
and morbid cravings. Yours truly,
WK. H. O'BRYAN.
Altruria, Sonoma County, Jan. 8, IS9B.
MERITS PUBLIC APPROVAL.
In its report of the Durrant execution The Call inaugurated a new
departure is as sensible as it is refreshing. It gave a plain,
straightforward account of the gruesome affair, but did not have a sin
gle illustration. The other papers, the afternoon ones in particular, vied
with each other in Beeing how horrible and beastly they could be in
the pictorial line, and it was refreshing to turn to The Call and find a
page unmarred with hatchet-made cuts, but typographically as neat as
good taste could make it. This new move on the part of The Call is
an evidence that the picture craze for daily papers has about reached
its height. We shall be greatly mistaken if the public does not bestow
warm approval upon this new and needed departure.
ness took occasion to remark that he
thought it was a cowardly thin£ for
Webb to have insinuated in his sicned
statement that witness was concerned
in the writing of the anonymous letter.
"Do you think it half as cowardly,"
demanded Mr. Meserve, "as the attacks
on Mr. Webb? I ask you as a man:
Was it half as cowardly as the attacks
of the Times on Mr. Webb, when Mr.
Webb had no newspaper at the back of
him?"
This question was repeated twice, but
the silence of the witness was the only
answer.
Xo other witnesses of importance
were examined, and it was decided to
have the further hearinp of rebuttal
testimony and the beginning of argu
ments go over until the evening of Jan
uary 27.
SITUATION
VERY GRAVE
AT HAVANA
Continued from First Page.
bor, the post and telegraphic address will
be Key West. The foregoing dat»-s for
sailing and rendezvous are subject to
change, due to the completion of repairs
to vessels at New York or to heavy
weather. Should the Brooklyn, Maine or
other vessels participate In th>» drills on
the Florida drill grounds detailed orders
will be given. It is not Intended that any
of the battle-ships or armored cruisers
(except the Maine) shall enter the harbor
of Key West except by special ord>-r of
the commander-in-chief or in case of
emergency. SP'ARD.
Rear-Admiral Commanding I'nlted States
Naval Force on the North Atlantic Sta
tion.
ACTIVE INSURGENTS
CONTINUE TO RAID AND
BURN PLANTATIONS.
Ranks of the Rebels Being Swelled, While
General Gomez Declares That Blanco
Can Never Pacify Cuba.
Copyright, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Jan. 14.— Insurgents de
stroyed 1,000,000 tobacco plants growing
under the protection of the forts at
Camajuanl, Santa Clara province, on
the night of January 5. They also de
stroyed 25,000 plants within sight of
the forts of Sitlo Grande.
The Herald correspondent has made
a Journey from Havana to Sagua la
Grande. He reports that not one fiupar
mill is grinding. The estate Isabel
near Media Luna, coast of Santiago de
Cuba, which Is strongly fortified, was
attacked by rebels under General Sal
vador Rios. The rebels had field
pieces and were doing great damage
to the buildings and forts when a
Spanish column from Manzanillo ap
peared. After a brief fight the rebels
retreated, but were not pursued.
Reports from Santiago de Tuba
province state that many persons are
leaving town to join th*» rebels. Two
filibustering expeditions have re
cently landed, one near Mayar Abjo
and the other near Sancto Spirltus.
Both were met by rebels and escorted
Inland.
The commander In chief of the rebel
army has ordered the following per
sons, whenever caught, to be court
martialed for murder: Benlto Carre
ras, Alejandro Oloarrieta, Eugenio
Layo, Pedro Mora Ledon, Gabriel la
Torre, Francisco Garcia, Manuel Can
ada, Pedro Robau, Felix Cuevillas, Hi
lario Alvarez, Ramon Menendez and
Domingo Roldan. The last named is
a naturalized citizen of the United
States.
In a letter to a friend in Havana
General Maximo Gomez says: "Let !
Blanco come to this district and he !
will have plenty to do. It seems to me
that the task of pacifying Cuba with
so many combatants to subdue is Im
possible of realization. Two hundn-d
thousand men under the general who ,
did not spare even animals have been j
unable to accomplish it; much less .
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALI,, SATURDAY, JANUARY 15, 1898.
APPROVED BY PRESS AND PEOPLE.
THE manner in which The Call reported the execution of Durrant has found prompt approval from the
intelligence of the people and the press. This is made evident by the host of letters which have come
to us, and from the commendation given by many of the leading papers of the State. Some of these we
publiph this morning in order to make known the extent to which popular sentiment revolts against the
morbid sensationalism so often shown in cases of this kind, and the degree of satisfaction with which
it notes in The Call the proper treatment of such subjects.
The Call told the story of the execution of Durrant as a matter of news, without straining to make the
horror more horrible still by ghastly pictures of the gallows and of other incidents or accessories of the ex
ecution. It recognized that in this case from the first day of the arrest of Durrant degenerate journalism
had overdone itself in Its vicious, foul and demoralizing efforts to make this crime a source of profit to itself
by pandering to all perverted tastes and the morbid craving for sensationalism among the lowest classes of
the people.
To mark out a clear and unmistakable distinction between legitimate Journalism and that of the un
speakable yellow. The Call published no picture of the execution. It set before the public a contrast with sen
sationalism and left it to the people to Judge for themselves which is best.
The people have noted the contrast and have given Judgment. The Call has been commended by all
whose commendation is worth having. Public sentiment has repudiated decadent journalism. It has shown
that it does not share the morbid tastes of criminal perverts, nor approve of the shrieking panders of the
press who disgrace decency in order to profit by that taste.
The Call is gratified by the prompt approval which has come to it, not so much because of the praise
given to itself as because of the unmistakable proof it gives that the tone of our people is higher than de
graded journalism would have tfte world believe.
FOR PURER JOURNALISM.
COTTOXWOOD, Jan. 10.
To the Editor of the San Francisco
Call: I wish to express to you my per
sonal appreciation and thanks for the ab
sence of sensationalism in the report of
the hanging of W. H. T. Durrant. It
the hanging of W. H. T. Durrant. It is
certainly a step toward a purer Journal
ism. Sincerely,
S. R. WOOD. Evangelist.
Afameda Enclrjal-
can Blanco do it wh»n he has no larger
army or greater ability."
VAN GEISTE SAYS
THE INSURGENTS WILL
SOON WIN FREEDOM.
DeJa. r. 7V,.i Riots at Havana Would Lead
Up fr xhe Salvation of the
Cuban Cause.
ONTARIO, Cal., Jan. 14.— Julius Van
Geiste. a recent arrival from Cuba and
an agent of the Cuban Government, ar
rived here to-night on his way to San
Francisco-, there to proceed, per orders
of the Cuban Junta, to his post of duty.
Three months ago he obtained a fur
lough from the Cuban army on account
of ill-health, and that furlough has ex
pired.
When shown the dispatches to-night
r warding the riots in Havana, Van
■■■ laughed, and with great glee
said: "It would be the salvation of the
Cuban cause."
Two yt-ars ago, December 15, 1595,
Van Geiste, at the head of 368 volun
teers, left St. Louis. They proceeded In
squads to New Orleans. From there
they shipped to Del Rio province and
Joined the insurgents. Arriving in Cu
ba. Van Geiste was engaged as a con
fidential agent of Antonio Maceo, th»
late Cuban general, with whom he had
been engaged in business in Honduras
for a number "f years. In this work
he was engaged until his- health be
came such that h<> was compelled to
come t" this country f>r medical :
ment, passing through Havana and
shipping at that point to Galveston.
While in Havana Van Geiste was ar
rested, and, as h-- Bays, he would have
been in jail since had he claimed Amer
ican citizenship, but in this case he
claimed French citizenship. As it was,
he was released and went to Arizona,
staying at Wllcox for four months.
Van Geiste is confident that the in
surgents will win out in the long run.
He declares that the fear of dynamite
in the hands of the insurgents causes
the Spanish s»oldi«rs to stay very close
to Havana. Further, he declares that
If the Cubans were to concentrate their
forces they could take Havana without
trouble any day, "but what would be
the good." says he. "The Spanish
would retire to their ships and shell the
town. We will not again be trapped.
The death of Maceo has taught us a
lesson. I was within three miles of his
headquarters when he was lured to his
death by Dr. Zertucha. and a more de
spised individual there is not to be
found on the island than he to-day.
"Maceo." continued Van Geiste. "was
a serious loss to the cause, but Gomez
Is as uncompromising as he was. and
Cuban independence is not far away."
RUSSIA THREATENS
THE TURKISH SULTAN.
Unless Objection to Prince George fs With
drawn the Czar Will Propose the An
nexation of Crete to Greece.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Jan. 14.— The Sul
tnr. pranter! nn uurllenr-e to-day to M.
Zir.ovieff, the Russian Kmbasnador. wHo,
it is asserted, made an important com
munication with reference to the candi
dature <if Prince George of Greece for
the Governorship of Crete.
If. ZinovielT declared that unless the
Sultan withdrew his objections to Prince
George. Russia would propose the annex
ation of Crete to Greece.
MRS. CREDE ACTED QUEERLY.
Witnesses Believe She Was Insane When She
Signed Away Her Rights.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 14— the trial
of the Creede will case this morning. Mrs.
Creede's attorneys called Dr. H. G.
Brainard to testify regarding the effects
(if morphine on the system. Dr. Brain
ard did not regard Mrs. Creede as men
tally sound when she signed away her
interest in the big Creed* estate for $20.
000. Other witnesses were called to testify
to the peculiarity of Mrs. Creede's ac
tions at the time of the signing of the
contract.
JONES STILL AT LARGE.
Escaped Prisoner followed From Stockton
to Sonora.
STOCKTON, Jan. 14.— Deputy Sheriff
QeOfg* Black, who went to Jamestown
to bring B. A. Jones back and found that
his expected prisoner had made himself
■caxec about the jail during the nlpht.
followed the escape to Sonora, where he
found that he had been during the day.
The follow had not been rearreeted lip
to S o'clock this evening.
DESERVES CREDIT FOR THE DEPARTURE
':"."• ■"'■"■ Oakland Enquirer.
"It Is by design, and after mature de
liberation, that The Call prints the sto
ry of the Dun-ant execution without
any illustrations, and with no attempt
at embellishment of the plain facts."
So says The Call of this morning, and
it deserves credit for its departure from
the usual custom. Whatever one's calm
judgment of the merit of capital pun
ishment may be, whenever he sees In a
newspaper a picture of a man on a
scaffold with a rope nround his neck,
he feels like saying with the poet—
"The nil- w« tree!
Breath of Christian charity.
Blow and sweep it from the earth!"
MANLY AND HUMANE REPORT.
Solano County Courier.
The Call is to be commended for its de
cent, manly and humane report of tho
execution of Durrant. Its columns were
not contaminated with disgraceful pic
tures which are calculated to make crime
famous and cause red-handed murderers
to pose as the heroes of the period. We
hope to see The Call continue to hold up
the banner of common decency.
YELLOW JOURNALISM REBUKED.
Pan Bernardino Free Press.
The San Francisco Call did not publish
a single illustration of the execution of
Durrant. This was a relief to its readers
and a strong rebuke to yellow journal
ism.
FOR THE KLONDIKE.
The Alice Blanchard, now in th- Columbia River trade, is to be put on thi r .ft.
between Port Los Angel-s and Copper River. Captain Warner of th*
steamer will not be sorry to hear this, as for two trips he is* been dodging
a warrant held by the Marshal at Astoria. Some stevedores with y.w'i'tie
had trouble have charged him with threats to kill.
IS DODGING
A WARRANT
Captain Warner of the
Alice Blanchard
Wanted.
Charged With Threats to Kill
by Some of His Steve
dores in Astoria.
The Henroost on the Bark Kilmory
Bottfied by Telegraph Hill
Sneakthieves,
Captain Warner of the steamer Alice
Blanchard will be glad to hear that his
vessel is not to remain very long on the
Portland route. The Marshal at As
toria wants to see him on urgent busi
ness, but Captain Warner refuses to be
seen. In fact, so anxious Is he to
avoid the Interview that he passed As
toria on his homeward voyage, al
though there was freight awaiting him
there.
Two trips ago, when the vessel ar
rived at Astoria, Captain Warner en
gaged eight stevedores to discharge the
cargo. When it came to settling up
he paid off four of them at the usual
rate of 30 cents an hour and 40 cents
an hour for overtime. The other four
stevedores refused to accept their pay,
saying they were entitled to 40 cents
an hour and 50 cents for overtime. A
row followed and the stevedores threat
ened to thrash the captain of the
Blanchard. The latter went below and
getting his Winchester drove the men
ashore. He then sent one of the sail
ors ashore to cast off the steamer's
lines, but the stevedores assaulted him
and the sailor was glad to get back on
the steamer with his life. Captain
Warner then ordered First Mate Knea
ly ashore to throw off the lines and at
the same time covered the fighting
stevedores \vi£h his rille. The mate
cast the lines off and the vessel got to
sea.
When the Alice Blanchard got to As
toria the last time the constable was
waiting for Captain Warner with a
warrant for his arrest on a charge of
threats to kill. The steamer, however,
j got away before the warrant was
served, and on the way back from Port
land Captain Warner again avoided
the constable hy putting to sea without
calling at Astoria.
The Blanchard is to be withdrawn
from the Portland trade on the com pie
j tion of her next trip. She will then
! go to Los Angeles and will carry min
ers from that point to Copper River.
She will leave on the first voyage on
I February 10, and will be kept in the
I business during the summer. A great
i many of the miners who will go to tht
NO PICTURES OF THE HANGING.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 9, 1898.
To the Editor of The Call: Tester
day's number of your paper was a
model. It was not polluted by sensa
tional pictures of Durrant's hanging,
but it kept to the facts, and this is a
credit which should be recognized by
every moral newspaper reader of Cali
fornia. Yours truly,
JAMES SMITH.
AIMS TO GIVE THE NEWS, NOT FILTH.
THE PARSONAGE COTTONWOOD. Jan. I%^— Manager The Call:
Sir: I cannot refrain from writing a line to you fa. express my thanks
to you for the object lesson which you gave to the people of California
and through them to the world in your Saturday edition of The Call.
For some time I have noticed and favorably commented upon the ab
sence of all vulgar sensationalism in your paper, but I was particu
larly pleased on Saturday with the absence of illustrations of the Dur
rant execution.
I thank you for thus proving that San Francisco can and does pro
duce a clean, pure paper whose aim seems to be to give news and not
filth to its customers. Hoping that you will receive the support you
deserve, believe me yours faithfully, WILLIAM D. KIDD,
Pastor Congregational Church.
Klondike next spring: will go via Cop
per River, and the Blanchard will be
ready to carry all who want to go.
The Pacific Steam Whaling Compa
ny's Excelsior will get away for Dyea
and Skaguay en Monday next. More
freight is offering than the vessel can
carry, and the passenger accommoda
tion from San PrandSCO is almost fill
ed. The steamer has been built up in a
substantial manner, and will be one of
the most comfortable boats in the
trade
The friends of Captain Seaman, the
popular master (if the Czarina, will be
glad to hear that he has so far recov
ered as to be able to resume command
of his vessel. He nearly died from ty
phoid fever at Coos Bay. and during his
illness Captain McGee ran the steamer.
Captain Seaman will take the Czarina
out en her next trip.
The captain and the crew of the Brit
ish ship Kilmory are contemplating a
raid on Telegraph Hill. Chicken thieves
from that neighborhood made a descent
en the ship and stole all the feathered
bipeds. The birds were great pets, and
would eat from the sailors" hands. Not
only were they pets; they were also
g<rod layers, and Captain Ferguson now
mourns the loss of a fresh egg for his
breakfast every morning.
The schooner Transit, barkentine W.
H. Diamond, bark Archer, brig W. G.
Irwin and bark Albert had a race
against time In Honolulu, in order to
beat the customs laws of the country
which went into effect on the Ist inst.
All five vessels got away on December
31, and thus escaped paying the sugar
taxes. When they won their race
against time the captains decided upon
another race, but this time it is a test
of the sailing qualities of the vesseis.
The schooner Transit is the favorite in
the betting at Honolulu, while out at
the sugar refinery at the Fotrero the
boyfl are backing the W. H. Diamond.
The first cargo of sugar to go over
land to New York from San Francisco
is now being loaded into the Iredale at
Honolulu. On the arrival of that vessel
here she will go to Oakland direct and
discharge her cargo into cars.
Bar Association Officers.
The Ear Association has elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing year:
President. W. TT. Fifleld; secretary, W. J.
Herrin; senior vice-president, A. C. Free
man; junior vice-president, A. Comte
Jr.; corresponding secretary, Frank Otis;
treasurer, John M. Burnett; trustees,
Robert Harrison, Joseph Hutchinson, C.
W. Towle. T. Z. niakeman. Alfred
Wheeler; committee on admissions. M. H.
Myrick. J. B. Mhoon. Vincent Xeale. X
H. Rlxford. W. A. Plunkett, C. P. Pom
eroy, S. G. Kellopg.
I The Modern STOVE POLISH. §j
3C Produces a JET BLACK enamel gloss. Dustless, Odorless, Labor mm
» Saving. 5 and 10 cent boxes. Try It on your Cycle Chain. Kjgj
QS J, L, PRESCOTT 4 CO., NEW YORK. H
PIONEER IN f*N IMPORTANT MOVEMENT
Berkeley Evening World.
The action of the San Francisco Call
In publishing no pictures illustrating its
account of the Durrant execution may
be the beginning of new methods in re
gard to such affairs. The paper may
prove to have been the pioneer in a very
important movement.
Illustrations in a daily newspaper are
of value only in two cases: when they
present something in the nature of a map,
diagram or view aiding the description
of inanimate things. and when they show,
from photographs, the features of a char
acter in whom the public is Interested,
no matter why. All other pictures are
useless because they are as likely as not
to be entirely imaginary— many of them
are drawn before the event they repre
sent took place. As this is becoming
more and more generally known the pub
lic is less and less interested in such pic
tures. •
LET THE GOOD BE PICTURED.
Hanforfl Sentinel.
The Call did a very satisfactory tarn
in journalism when. In giving a full ac
count of the Durrant hanging, it re
frained from illustrating the scene with
those terrible pictures such as other San
Francisco papers printed. Now let The
Call keep on in the good work. Certain
pictures of certain events are all right,
but keep those of crime and meanness
out of sight. Picture the good.
ft PRAISEWORTHY EXCEPTION.
"Watsonvllle Pajaronlan.
The Call was the only one of the San
Francisco papers which reported the ex
ecution of Durrant without the use of
pictures and large scare heads. It gave
a complete account of the execution with
out padding, and the absence of the pic
tures of the drop, etc.. was one of thf>
most commendable departures made by
the San Francisco press.
THE GRAND
CONSISTORY
That Organization of the Scot
tish Rite Has Been Dis
solved.
In Place Thereof There Has Been
Organized San Francisco Con
sistory No. 1.
The Grand Consistory of Masters of the
Royal Secret No. 32 Degree of the An
cient and Accepted Scottish Rite of Free
masonry in and for the State of Califor- I
nia has passed out of existence, and in \
its- place there has hoen established a j
particular consistory known as San Fran
cisco Consistory No. 1.
The old consistory was the governing
body of all the organizations that are
embraced within the Ancient and Accept
ed Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, includ
ing the particular consistory of I,os An
geles, the Knights Kadosh, the Knights
of Rose Croix and the Lodge of Per
fection, and it was the body between
these organizations and the Supreme
Council, but hereafter these bodies will
deal directly with the Supreme Council
The organization of the n.-w body was
effected on last Thursday night by the
selection of the following officers- C W.
Conlisk. commander: John Leslie Mu'nrne
Shetterley, first lieutenant commander-
Frank Koenig, second lieutenant com
mander; Charles Brnest Green, chancel
!"!•; Ernest K. Head, minister of state-
William Schuyler Moses. almoner- George
John Hobe. registrar: Samuel Wolf Levy
treasurer; Simon Baum. prelate; Fred
erick William Gustave Moebus. master of
ceremonies; Henry John Grauerholz
senior expert: James H. Goldman, iunior
expert; Peter Christian Miller, captain
Of the guard; and John dArcy. tiler.
The members of the consistory that
has heen dissolved and were residents of
the State outside of San Francisco have
taken demit cards. At the next meeting
of the new consistory there will be a
number of candidates presented who will
ask that the thirty-second degree be con
ferred upon them.
Full House All the Time.
The Michigan furniture sale is attract
ing all parts of city and country to the
big furniture house of Pattosien Co . cor
ner Sixteenth and Mission; 400 rolls of
carpet, 300 rolls of linoleum came to-day.
Linoleum will go at 45c yard, 4 yards
wide; Brussels carpet 50c. •
ROTTANZI PLEASED THEM.
Preclta Valley Irrjproveroent Club
.V\a«*e hjappy Over tJ)e Pro
posed ParK-
The resolution offered by Supervisor Dr.
Rottanzl to build a new City and County
Hospital on the Almshouse Tract and
turn the present hospital site into a park
has so pleased the members of the Pre
cita Improvement Club that it passed a
resolution indorsing the movement, and
also condemnatory of the zoo bugaboo
which was attempted to be foisted on
the innocent taxpayers at the instigation
of a handful of real estate sharps.
The Superintendent of Streets was re
quested to place a sign board in Bernal
Park designating that place as a park,
with the hope that at some future time
not too far remote, the city will be gen
erous enough to till it in and sow a hand
ful of grass seed over Its surface.
The grading of Alabama and Folsom
streets to Cortland avenue and Ridley
street was reported as progressing. Not
so, however, with Precita avenue to
Twenty-sixth street, for Contractor Buck
man has. for some reason not made mani
fest to the members of the club, delayed
the work to an unreasonable length of
time. .
NEW TO-DAY.
DOCTORS ON
DIPHTHERIA
Is the Use of a Swab
Necessary or
Injurious ?
Dr. Mahoney to Test the Con
stitutionality of the Ordi
nance.
H© Is Charged With Not Applying to
the Board of Health for
a Swab,
Dr Thomas L.. Mahoney Intends to
test the constitutionality of the recent
ordinance of the Board of Health mak
ing it compulsory in suspected cases of
diphtheria for the attending physician,
to procure from the health office a swab
to be placed in the patient's throat and
sent to the office for bacteriological ex
amination.
Dr. Mahoney attended a case of diph
theria and reported it to the health of
fice, but did not apply to the office for a
swab, as he considered it unnecessary.
He was arrested for violating the ordi
nance and the case was called in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday. He was de
fended by Colonel Smith, and Garret
McEnerney appeared for the prosecu
tion.
Handel H. Zobel, assistant secretary
of the Board of Health, was called and
testified that Dr. Mahoney had report
ed a case of diphtheria but did not ap
ply for a swab for bacteriological ex
amination.
Dr. Buckley was then called for the
defense and was asked, "How is diph
theria diagnosed?" This was promptly
objected to by McEnerney, and an ar
gument followed. Smith contending
that he was entitled to introduce evi
dence to show that the introduction of
a swab into the throat of a patient was
a detriment and caused the disease to
spread. The disease could be diagnosed
without a swab, which was simply done
by the Board of Health for scientific
research.
On the other hand, McEnerney con
tended that the unreasonableness of
the ordinance could not be impeached
by evidence, but must be determined
upon the evidence itself. The judge
overruled the objection, and Dr. Buck
ley answered the question that the only
way to diagnose the disease was by the
eyesight. He would not use a swab un
der any circumstances, because it ag
gravates the disease and leads often to
the death of the patient.
Drs. Kuhlman, Perry and O'Connell
testified practically to the same effect.
Dr. Kuhlman said that in New York in
1894 out of 6511 cases of diphtheria
treated bacteriologically in only 50 per
cent was bacillus found.
The defendant testified that he had
long since abolished the swab and used
a spray Instead. The introduction of a
swab might jeopardize the life of a
child. For that reason he did not send
to the health office for a swab. It took
him about three minutes to diagnose
the case.
For the prosecution Dr. Spencer, bac
teriologist for the Board of Health, tes
tified that nearly all the advanced phy
sicians of the present day used the
swab for a diagnosis of the case. The
object was to primarily and fundamen
tally check the spread of the disease
He differed with the doctors for the de
fense as to the injurious effect of using
the swab. Dr. O'Brien, Health Officer.
Dr. J. M. Rosenau and Dr. Clarke cor
roborated Dr. Spencer.
It was decided to argue the case on
Tuesday and it was continued till then.
Local Physicians
Will be Interested in the editorial in this
week's Town Talk upon Professor
Schenck's wonderful discovery. Tho
Saunterer tells some good stories, and tha
other departments are not a litite inter
esting. Town Talk's musical department
is conceded to be the best in th? city.
There is a storiette by "The Rounder**
that will set everybody a-guessing. •
The Milton Revival.
The revival meeting at Howard Pres
byterian Church, corner Oak and Baker
streets, conducted by Major George A.
Hilton, continues with increasing inter
est. Many have publicly expressed a de
sire to lead a Christian life. The evan
gelist is deeply in earnest and often
moves his audience to tears with his
tender appeals. Yet his addesses are
not stilted. Often he provokes a smile by
some apt characterization of hypocrisy
or amusing reference. His great power
lies In his peculiar ability to make plain
the great truths of the Bible. The meet
ing will continue every evening during
the coming week. At 3 o"clock Sunday
afternoon he will hold a mass-meeting
for men only at this church.
NEW TO-DAY,
should hay« th« place of
honor on your dining-room
table, being a rich and most
delicious beverage, an appe-
tizer . par excellence aad a
sure health sustainer. Is
perfect as a Malt Extract and
strictly a Non-fcrtoxfcaat.
All Druggists.
VALBLATZ BREWING GO:, :
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U.S. A. '
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
Wholesale Dealers,
416-418 Sacramento St.
-
mjar' Wo will send yon a five (5) day trial
¥r ÜBkll treatment of the French Remedy
If mcnfl CALTHOS Tree. («» C. O. »'•) and
I BC-^T (a a legai guarantee that CALTHOS will
m/P »? ■ STOP DlMliarse* and Emissions,
6^. 1 "U. '■■ CUKE Bp*nnatorrhr«,Varlcoceie,
SftfcfrrtfßfiJßJ It costs you nothing to try It.
JVonMoMCO. 440 B AgU.Ci»cUn»U,q
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful cphrodlslac and specific tonla
lor the sexual and urinary organs .of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its ova
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary,
NABER. AL.FB & BRUNE, Agents, •-•.--■
123 Market Street, S. F.— (Send tor Circular^
56
SATURDAY JANUARY is, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F-
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson strea
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.. By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE i^^zi^i: 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON I D. C. OFFICE Riftfes House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street: open until
9:50 o'clock- 621 MoAlli^er street: open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 LarKln street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
£ o'clock- 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
106 Eleventh st.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpen until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
and Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin-" The Man From Mexico."
California— "A Nirbt in New Yurk."
Alcazar— "Eameralda '
Itoroaoo'a— "The Plunder."
Tivoli— "Mother lii
Orpheum— Vsodet I
: : 'M-rm.in-nebrow Opera Co., to-morrow night
•11— Cosmopolitan Orchestra.
The Chutes— ChiQx.iia ami Vauaevillc
Lybeck Circle Skating Kin*—O ptical Illusions.
Oakland Kaeetrack— Races To-day.
Coursing — Imrleside Courslof Park.
AUCTION SALES.
ByKiUip & Co.— Tuesday, January is, Horses, at corner Van
ma Market -:- .. at l' l 0 1
MAKE IT TWENTY THOUSAND.
/~* CONTRIBUTIONS to the fund for the Golden
I Jubilee are reported to be coming in with in-
creased liberality. The finance committee con
sioers that about $16,000 of sure muney is in sight.
This encourages the hope that the full sum required
to carry out the festival according to the programme
designed will be forthcoming.
The amount needed is $20,000. It would be gratify
ing if the amount lacking in the contributions couM
be raised to-day so that on Monday the committee in
charge could set about the week's work with free
hands. The amount necessary to complete the fund
is now comparatively small. Contrasted with the
greatness of San Francisco and the dignity of the
occasion to be celebrated it is virtually a trifle. It
ought to be raised in half a day.
San Francisco has invited the whole country to par
ticipate in the jubilee, and thousands of visitors from
distant States will be here to witness it. Bands of
pioneers who have been living in the East for years
will make this an occasion for returning to the golden
land where they worked in their youth. These will
influence other? to come. Moreover, the Californian
tourist season is now at its height. The host of
Americans who seek sunny lands every winter will
find in the jubilee and the mining fair additional in
ducements to visit San Francisco.
With all of these visitors to look on it will not do
for us to fail in any particular. The American people
are becoming critical of pageants. They have seen a
great many of them, and the time has passed when
anything in the way of a procession would be ac
cepted with approval. Only really artistic achieve
ments win praise in these day?, and such get much
more than mere praise. The festivals at New Orleans,
St. Louis and other cities where true artistic parades
are given are profitable from the standpoint of busi
rc-s as well as of pleasure.
All arguments are on the side of liberality. We
have undertaken the enterpri-e. We have raised
enough money to assure a notable pageant. More is
needed to accomplish a true artistic triumph. Help
the fund at once. Make it $20,000 by sundown.
GOLD IN THE EAST.
A CONVINCING evidence of the return of pub
lic confidence in the monetary affairs of the
country is afforded by reports in the Eastern
pr.pers of the reappearance of gold as a circulating
medium in that section of the Union. So long as
there was any fear of the triumph of the free silver
agitators many persons hoarded gold, and in the East
it went out of circulation altogether. Now that sound
money has achieved a complete triumph and return
ing prosperity on the gold basis has put an end to the
cafeer of the calamity howlers these hoards are beirir
released and the long hidden money is returned to the
channels of trade.
As a result of the reappearance of gold in business
uses it is noted that it has become so plentiful the
New York Clearing-house has been settling balances
in gold coin, and not long ago the treasury declined
to pay the freight on one million of dollars of gold
coin that certain San Francisco banks wished to ex
change for greenbacks. The hoarding of gold is vir
tually a thing of the past. It has gone with the panic
that caused it.
This condition of affairs is exactly what was pre
dicted by the sound money men during the campaign.
It was well known to all in a position to watch in
telligently the movements of money that during the
free silver scare many timid capitalists and cautious
owners of small savings withdrew their gold from the
banks and locked it up in safe deposit boxes or in
secure places around their homes so as to be safe if
the silver party should come into power. Knowing
this, the intelligent student of events was able to pre
dict with confidence that as soon as the scare was
over the gold would be put into circulation again.
That which was foreseen has happened. The East
does not use gold to any great extent, but all that it
needs it has. and there is no longer a gold scarcity in
any part of the country.
One of the best results of the return of gold to
easy circulation in the East will be the strengthening
of the movement for complete monetary reform. It
is better to make the changes necessary to adapt our
financial system to the needs of business at this time
when confidence is well assured and industry is
prosperous than to put it off to some future day. The
time to repair a roof is when the sun shines. We may
not always have good times, and any attempt at mon
etary legislation in bad times would be sure to bring
to the front a new set of agitators as pestiferous as
those that disturbed the country during the Bryanittf
campaign.
It is not clear at first glance why a collector, of
good reputation, claiming to have been robbed by a
pair of footpads, should be at once accused by the
police of having made up the tale. If the police think
there are no footpads in town they certainly ought
to read the papers.
THE PASSING OF DOLE.
THE Hawaiian oligarchy is reported to intend
sending its chief, the Shah Doie, to Washington
to lobby lor annexation, for coolie labor, for
separate laws not to be operative outside the islands,
for the payment of the debts of his oligarchy, amount
ing to $4,000,000, by the American taxpayers, for $19
a ton protection on raw sugar which will transfer
nearly $6,000,000 a year from the pockets of Ameri
can taxpayers to those of the island planters who hire
coolie labor and pay Dole's expenses.
It is expected in Honolulu that the Shah's appear
ance here will light the welkin with the coruscations
of enthusiasm which mil follow his progress to the
Potomac on his errand to instruct the Congress of
the United States in its duty. It is given out that he
comes for the good of this country, which reminds us
of the royal procession which followed the landing in
London of George I. That princely Brunswicker
could not speak English. In his train were a number
of adipose Duchesses of uncertain relations to the
court, one of whom was accomplished to the extent of
a few words of the language of the country. At sight
of the foreign looking outfit London temper broke
out in the form of various remarks uncomplimentary
to the new royalty. The accomplished Duchess at
tempted to set matters right by crying out:
"Shentlemens, don't pc so mat. We come for all
your goods."
"Yes, and for our chattels, too, you," was
yelled back from the mob. ,
Shah Dole seems to be out for chattels, and the
American taxpayer and wage earner is not just now
enthusiastic over a promoter of higher taxes and
lower wages.
He comes as President of the Hawaiian republic,
we are told. When was he elected? How many votes
did he get? Were there other candidates? Will he
explain the method of electing Presidents in his re
public? Did the people elect a majority of the Con
stitutional Convention of Hawaii? Why has the num
ber of electors decreased from 14.000 to 2800? Does
a man in order to vote have to swear alle
giance to the constitution? Does not the
constitution provide for annexation to the
United States, and therefore does not every man who
swears to support it take an oath to support annexa
tion? Does not this prove that out of a population of
more than 100.000 there are only 2800 in favor of an
nexation, for only that number take the constitutional
oath?
Is Hawaii, then, a republic, resting on the consent
of the governed, or is it an oligarchy, sustained by an
armed force and maintained by the presence of an
American man-of-war?
This farcical Dole is no more President of a repub
lic than is Mir Mahmud of Beloochistan or his many
wived Excellency, Sidi Ali of Tunis.
Mr. Dole is not a promoter of republican institu
tions. He i^ out for "the stuff."' He goes to Wash
ington as a Colonel Mazuma, and his appearance here
on such an errand is a scandal that should be re
sented. Members of his oligarchy have preceded him
and have worked for months unsuccessfully to rob
American taxpayers of their money and the Hawaii*
ans of their country. Their presence here on such an
tiir.nd has been an insult to our people, and self
icspecting members of Congress i-hould resent it.
HOSPITAL AND ZOO.
IT is reported that at the meeting of the Board of
Supervisors on Monday Dr. Rottanzi will intro
duce a resolution providing for the construction
of a new County Hospital upon the Almshonse tract.
The resolution, according to the synopsis which has
beep given to the public, may be said to kill two birds
with one stone. It puts a quietus upon the Mission
zoo job by proposing to convert the present hospital
tract into a park and at the same time provides for
the erection, as already stated, of a new County Hos
pital — an improvement that has long been needed.
The tract at Twenty-sixth street comprises about
ten acres. It is not very well situated for a park, but
for a monkey garden it possesses distinct merit. It is
located at the foot of a bluff and is bounded on three
sides by civilization. With proper improvements,
therefore, the smell inseparable from a zoo could prob
abiy be confined during any but very warm weather.
The tract possesses another merit. It can be turned
into a zoo or a park without much expense. The
Supervisors may close the cross streets r.r.d the land
thus acquired will cost nothing. This, of course,
would cause dissatisfaction among the real estate men
who have Mission park sites for sale, but their in
terests need not be considered by the Supervisors.
The project of constructing a new County Hospital
upon the Almshouse tract is one that ought to be en
couraged. The present hospital has been a disgrace
to the city for over ten years. At tly; time it was con
ceived there was no intention that it should be any
thing more than a temporary affair. Its builders an
ticipated that long ere this it would be a thing of the
past. But from year to year it has been sustained
with repairs until it is now in very much the same
situation as the one-horse shay was said to have been
shortly before its collapse. It will be remembered
that that famous vehicle ran until the last moment.
Then its mainspring broke and it fell into a thousand
pieces.
It has been said that the sick poor of San Francisco
are treated worse at the County Hospital than the
city's prisoners are treated at the county jails. This
is a hard thing to say, but it is probably true. Even
tl the doctors at the Twenty-sixth street institution
were not political doctors, and even if the nurses and
attendants were not politicians, it would be impos
sible to get anything in the shape of decent service
out of the building. That structure never was much
more than a barn. It is now saturated with disease
germs and is a disgrace to the city. We think the Su
pervisors should give Dr. Rottanzi's resolution the
most serious attention.
CafTery opposes the immigration bill now before
the Senate. The gentleman hails from the State in
which eleven foreigners were lynched one night with
in the memory of living children. Would not the re
strictive plan of regulating the character of the popu
lation be better than that of letting everybody in and
.then killing the undesirable? Or perhaps Senator
Caffery wants his constituents to have a little diver
tisement occasionally, although it is really more fun
to hunt possums than aliens who may have to be paid
for.
France may put Zola in jail, but even there he
wouid go right on constructing novel*. On the whole
not much would be gained. And. anyhow, there are
other people over there who seem more adapted, by
moral qualities, to prison life.
Perhaps the new primary law is not perfect, hut
there is said to be something about it rendering diffi
cult the O'Donnell feat of climbing on the ticket So
to a certain extent the people are sure to rise up and
call the law blessed.
THE SAN rKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 15, 1898.
IZIjOR several days The Call has had something to
say concerning the jutebag business as con
ducted by the Prison Directors, and has, as
must have been evident to the reader, not fully co
incided with the views of that body. There is a law
supposed to govern the transactions of the directors,
and the calmness with which they habitually ignored
it demanded a protest. This law was designed to
protect the farmer. Its evident purpose was to pre
vent the middleman from speculation in the products
of the mill at San Quentin. Yet the Prison Direct
ors have been systematically playing into the hands
of the middlemen. They have fixed the price so as
to accommodate the middleman, the money-loaner,
and to keep the farmer from participating in the
benefits. Of course they appear to be indignant.
They have been caught.
There can be no defense of the practice of ar
bitrarily fixing the price of grainbags when the
statutory provision is that this price shall be a cer
tain sum in addition to the absolute cost. There cer
tainly can be no defense of the way members of the
board had of letting friends kno*' when the price
was about to be raised so as to enable them "to get
in on the ground floor." If De Pue and his asso
ciates choose to be aggrieved these columns are
open to any explanation they may wish to make.
The method has been particularly unfair to the
farmer. It has forced him to make affidavits not
strictly in accord with facts. When the farmer
needed, say, iooo bags and had not the money to se
cure them he has been obliged to go to the middle
man. From the middleman he got the necessary
financial assistance. All he had to <Jo was to swear
that he needed 5000 or 10.000 baps. Then out of the
goodness of his heart the middleman would make
an advance sufficient to secure the amount asked.
He would keep all but the small supply the farmer
really needed, make the farmer pay freight on the
entire lot. and then sell the balance at an advanced
price, this being made possible by the board, who
never failed to keep the middleman posted as to the
extent to which the price was to jump and the time
of jumping. For the great orders received from
speculators there is absolutely no warrant in law.
In fact, the method used in ordering made a mock
ery of the statutory provision supposed to cover the
matter, and, honestly administered, entirely com
petent to cover it. The fact seems to be" that the
Prison Directors have made no effort to abide by
the law, that they have favored their friends, sold in
large quantities to speculators who had no right to
purchase, and have, in a word, set aside all legal re
strictions tending to govern their acts. Against the
mass of evidence they can hardly present more than
an apo'ogy and a declaration of intent to throw
themselves upon the mercy of the public. They do
not seem to have been guilty of wanton corruption,
but they have been careless. Perhaps without mean
ing to do so they have assumed a position superior
to the law, and the time has arrived for them to
come down.
THE IMMIGRATION QUESTION.
DEBATE in the Senate on the Immigration re
striction bill progresses with a degree of de
liberation which threatens to postpone a vote
to a date so far distant that thousands of unworthy
immigrants may obtain acce>< to the country before
the desired educational rest i is imposed.
On Tuesday Senator Fairhild made a speech in
favor of the measure, and after he closed the Senate
turned to other business. On Thursday Senator Caf
fery obtained recognition to speak against the bill
and then once more the Senate turned to other busi
ness. The measure, in fact, is being treated as a sort
of sandwich to other measures and is brought out
only on occasions when there is an idle hour or so
in the Senate chamber.
Beneficial as the proposed restriction will be to all
parts of the Union and universally popular as it is, it
vv ill not be passed without the employment of con
siderable vigor on the part of its advocates. There is
a strong opposition to } >c overcome. Senator Caf
u-ry does not stand alone in his fight against the bill.
He will have plenty of allies to assist in defeating it
if possible, and he and they will leave no parliament
ary stone unturned in their efforts to accomplish that
object.
The source of the opposition is to be found in the
great steamship companies which make large profits
out of the immigrant traffic. These companies are
not going to lose the lucrative trade of importing im
migrants if they can help it. and are actively engaged
in the task of bringing pressure to bear upon Con
gress in their intercut.
It will be remembered that last winter it was made
known that foreign steamship companies were "per
niciously active" in their efforts to defeat the bill.
H. Claussenius & Co., general Western agents of the
North German Lloyd Steamship Company, sent a
telegram to F. W. A. Pope of Milbank, South Da
kota, as follows: "Immigration bill comes up in the
House Wednesday; wire your Congressman, our ex
pense, protesting against proposed exclusion and re
questing bill be defeated, informing him that vote in
favor means defeat at next election."
In an interview with the Chicago Times-Herald Mr.
Claussenius stated he had sent similar telegrams to
over 200 persons. This open interference of foreign
companies with American legislation aroused indigna
tion at the time and helped to defeat the object it was
intended to serve.
No such telegrams will be sent out this winter, nor
will there be any other public manifestation of foreign
interest in the affair. Nevertheless, the foreign oppo
sition will find a way to make itself felt. It is, there
fore, timely to recall the Clatisscnius telegram. The
people should be on guard. Demands for a speedy
passage of the bill should be sent to Congress from
all parts of the country. The new restrictive meas
ure should be enacted in time to head off the rush of
illiterate immigrants this summer.
The slayer of Actor Terriss is now in prison, to re
nir.in "at the Queen's pleasure." The prisoner is in
for life and he might as well make up his mind to it.
1 o be kept from hanging by the plea of insanity in
England does not mean the privilege of roaming un
trammeled and occasionally killing a man just to
show that the insanity is in good working order.
Not a day passes without the record of at least one
man swindled out of all his money by some game so
old, so overworked and so familiar as to make the
possibility of using it a marvel. How the victims re
frain from blowing out the gas long enough to give
the bunko man a chance is a source of constant won
der.
The Victoria (B. C.) Times gives scant evidence of
being a newspaper, but it fairly bulges with informa
tion as to how other papers should be conducted.
It is as well to be frank. The congratulations sent
by Forakcr to Hanna were hollower than a drum.
THE COT OUT OF THE BAG.
PLAGIARISM IN THE POLICE COURTS.
"I am very clad," said Judge Campbell, thoughtfully stroking his eel 2
brated beard, "that the newspapers are taking this matter up. It's posi
tively the IwMoit. crudest piece of work I ever saw. If a man hasn't mere
of originality than to deliberately copy so well known a style as mine, he's
not fit to preside over a police court. That's all there Is to it.
"If the copy was a good one, now, or even fairly correct, I wouldn't mind
so much. But the sort of facetiae that Low and Joachimsen are getting off
these days is enough to make even a Judge swear. I'm told— mind. I don't
know how true it is— that these two Police Judges, disguised as reporters,
have spent day after day in my court studying closely my manner, my style
of repartee and the various degrees of wit that fit different occasion;). If
this is true, it only shows the stupidity of my facetious rivals, for their
efforts are enough to disgust one forever with police court wit.
"That's the worst of this sort of thing. Whenever an artist originates
anything there will always be a horde of imitators. They not only Jail in
their efforts in duplicating the style of the genius; they also spoil the
public's taste for the real article— and— and then 'where am I at?' "
"The unfortunate thing is that a style of witticism is so intamjible a
thing that it's hard to get it patented," said the sympathetic interviswer.
"That's exactly it." exclaimed the Judge. "But the injury's not intan
gible, I assure you. Suppose Low or Joachimsen is starred by the news
paper that's fighting me. Of course, you and I know that neither of 'em can
say a funny thing, no matter how hard they try, but the inartistic masses
are likely to take these two frauds on the paper's say so, and the conse
quences are that my courtroom will be deserted. A pretty country school
ma'am comes to town for entertainment. Where does she go? Naturally to
Low or Joachimsen. Reporters in search of stories '11 move further down
the corridor. My reputation us chief jester will suffer, and the cro .yds who
laugh now at my jokes will question whether there's anything funny in
them. I know," continued the Judge, his voice trembling with sincere emo
tion, "that there will always be a select circle to appreciate true merit, but
the masses laugh because they have been told things are funny, not because
they appreciate real humor. And, incidentally, it isn't the select circle that
elects Police Judges.
"Look at this, now." The Judge drew out a morning paper folded so as
to show an article on Judges Low and Joachimsen.
"Just glance over this jeu desprit of Lows about the Chinaman who went
to the Klondike. Did you ever read anything so bad? Here's the patrol
man's own joke about its being as easy to wash gold as clothes, and Low
hasn't any more originality than to follow up with that weak old chestnut
about the story being unlike the client. It won't wash!" repeated Judge
Campbell with fine disgust. "There's wit for you! There's brilliancy!
there's genius!
"Why, Low told a friend of mine that he learned his style when he was
police reporter and used to haunt my court. If that isn't adding insult to
injury! It's enough to make a man go to law. I wonder if I couldn't ask
for ;in injunction forbidding Low to Joke; or if that couldn't be done, for
bidding him from lowering the standard of my court by his pretense of
having a diploma from me?
"And this thing of Joaehimsen's! Why. any clown could tell him that
the obvious joke about Sousa and a march was to be avoided. Why, do you
know I actually contemplated when I read that changing my style alto
gether. If this thing goes on I'll be driven to a wholly different role. To be
classed with those two funereal jesters is more than a man with my reputa
tion can bear.
"Say. 11l tell you something in confidence. Mind, it's not for publication.
Wfll. all right. Now, it's a fact that Low has copies of everything that was
ever printed about me, and he pores over the things that I have said, study
ing them over and over again till he knows them by rote. Well," the Judge
laughed scornfully, "now, as to Joachimsen. Graham told me"— here the
Judge's voice sank to a shocked whisper— "his own prosecuting attorney told
me that Joachimsen insists upon Graham's learning a sort of prearranged
dialogue, so that his cues may lead up to Joachimsen's opportunity. It's a
fact! I got it straight! Now, what do you think of that for a man who pre
tends to run his court as a spontaneous sideshow?
"However, as I said. I'm glad the newspapers are taking this thing up.
Tf those spurious Campbells, those police court pretenders are not ashamed
to continue their flagrant plagiarism in the face of public disapproval, why
I've got to do one of two things— out-Campbell thtm or reform and in my
old age become dull and respectable."
His Honor mounted the bench, spat with elegance and precision into the
very center of the nearest cuspidor, rapped upon his desk, and the curtain
rose upon the only bona-fide police court farce in town.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
T>. B. Hodgson, the president of the
Guatemala Railway, is in the city for a
short stay. Yesterday he called on Gen
pral Manager Knittschnitt at the latter's
office in the Southern Pacific building.
A. I>vinsky, a prominent attorney of
Stockton, la at the Grand.
David Starr Jordan has come up from
Stanford, and is at the Occidental.
C. K. Tinkhnm, manager of the Sierra
Mill and Lumber Company of Chi'O, »s
a guest at the Grand.
W. F. Miller, a leading attorney of
Portland, Or., is in the city with his
briil.-. on their wedding tour. They are
staying at the Palace.
H. B. Clawson. the Mormon Bishop of
Salt Lake, la at the Baldwin.
K. T. Benson, general auditor of the
Oregon Navigation Company, is in the
city, accompanied by his wife. They are
staying at the California.
Colonel W. Forsyth has returned from
his visit to the East, and is at the Occi
dental, on his way to his home in Fresno.
General M. W. Muller, commander of
the Third Brigade, N. O. C. is registered
at the California from Fresno.
E. W. Hale of the large Sacramento
house of Hale Brothers & Co. is at the
Baldwin.
H. W. Patton. one of the leading poli
ticians of Los Angeles, is staying at the
Palace.
F. Burtlen, a contractor of Livermore,
is at the Grand.
V. A. McCully, U. S. N., is registered
at the California.
G. \V. Huddelson, a wealthy resident
of Chicago, who has large mining inter
ests in Arizona, is at the Palace.
Mr. and Mr?. Lee Gray have come up
from Fresno are at the Occidental.
A. H. Denny of Denny. Barr & Co., the
big Etna firm, is at the Grand.
Lieutenant F. H. Lefavor is at the
Occidental from Mare Island.
Tt is not an un
common thing for
UNIQUE
ADVANCE
AGEN fS.
theatrical com
' panics to have
two advance
apents ahead of
' their enterprise.
one seven days
ahead and the other three; but it re
m;iin«-<l for Kd W. Dunn, agent for Rich
.v Harris' Courted Into Court Company,
to arrive in Pan Francisco with twenty
fivo avaunt couriers as his assistants.
Dunn conceived this scheme quite a num
ber of weeks ago. formulated it in Den
ver, perfected it In Salt Lake and carried
it out on the Oakland ferry upon his ar
rival, much to the astonishment of the
passengers on the Newark, which hap
pened to bo the vessel which carried him
over.
The boat had hardly left its Oakland
slip when Mr. Dunn quietly opened his
traveling case and, extracting twenty
five silk pennants with the name of his
attraction thereon, printed in a vermilion
hue, proceeded to tie them to twenty-
Jive crusts of bread which he had pre
pycfl, and. making his way to the stern
of the steamer, quietly tossed one in the
air in the midst of a bunch of seagull*.
There was a whirl and a dive as the bird
nailed the bread, and away went agent
No. l, with a sak pennant hanging from
his beak. The other twenty-four were
disposed of in rapid succession, and the
novel sight of twenty-five of those birds
circling in midair with silk banners at
tached to their bills is said to have been
a sight certainly never before wit]
by overland passengers, one of whom was
beard to jvin.uk, "Advance agents ure
certainly birds!"
Not long ago,
as S. E Hamil
ton -was standing
behind his coun
ter in the office
of the Chicago
and Northwest-
THEY
BOUGHT
THE
TICKETS.
em, he was ap
proached by a peculiarly attired couple,
who. after informing him of the fart that
they were engaged In religious work, and
assuring him that any favor granted
them would be duly remembered by the
Lord, demanded free transportation back
to their home in one of the little towns of
the interior of the State.
They were both green enough to do for
a St. Patrick's day banner; but while the
man was modest and unassuming, the
woman was one of those who wish to
appear to know it a!l.
Mr. Hamilton told them that as he
himself was afollower of Buddha it would
be impossible for him to grant what they
wished, but he would advise them how
to proceed.
"The richest man In the railroad busi
ness," said Mr. Hamilton, "is John Gill,
who has &000 in the bank; but I would not
advise you to go to him. as he recently
sustained heavy losses through his pas
sion for gambling.
"Go down to the Central Pacific, and
there you will find my friend Billy Vice,
who is a leader in local church work, and
I am sure your modest request will be at
once complied with."
The couple went to see Vice, and ac
quainted him with their desire, telling
him who sent them.
"There is a strict law against giving
away passes," said Mr. Vice, "but if you
will let me sell you the tickets I will
make you a present of a dozen cabinet
photos taken by this camera (pointing to
the phone), which I have for this par
ticular purpose."
The couple sat down, while Billy turned
the bell crank, and, after giving him the
address to which they wished to have the
proofs sent, purchased their tickets and
departed.
J. Buvkless and Mrs. S. J. Hill, two
tourists from Mississippi, are at the
Baldwin.
George W. Lawrence, a -wen-known
resident of Los Angeles, is a guest at the
California.
J. F. Condon, one of the leading mer
chants of Verdi, New, is staying at the
Grand.
E. W. Runyon. a heavy banker of Red
Bluff, is at the Palace with his wife.
Orlander Jones, a well-known dub and
sporting man of New York, is at the Pal
ace, accompanied by L. V. Bell, the fam
ous hattor.
M. M. Looram, one of the heaviest bet
tors that follow the ponies, is registered
at the Palace from New York.
W. B. Jones, the Boston excursion
agent, and W. A. Farrish. a wealthy min
ing man of Denver, are at the Palace.
Robert Watt (first vice-presidents, W.
B. Storey (engineer) and Secretary Alex
ander Mackie of the Valley road went
over the line yesterday on a tour of in
spection.
R. Tyther, formerly of Xapa. is sick
with pneumonia at the Windsor Hotel.
The timber
lands of the
State are com
mencing to come
to the front.
San Francisco
LOOKING S
FOR
TIMBER 
LAND. {
has lately been
visited by a num
ber of representatives of large Eastern
C&pUaUstfl seeking investments in that
direction. They say that the forests of
the East are about plnyed out, every
thing that can be of much value commer
cially has been cut, and now the lumber
men have about got down to hooppoles,
and timber with a four-inch square of
working material la eagerly seized upon.
A number of gentlemen have been out
here lately with first-class credentials to
show that they had the money to back
them, but were deterred by the fear of
storms from going into the mountains
to see the timber properties that were
offered them. They have returned East,
but will again visit the coast as soon as
the advancement of the season makes a
prolonged trip to the mountains pool
ble. Among the offers made to these
agents was one of 45,000 acres in Tuoi
umne County.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Jan. 14.-L. Weil of San
Francisco is at the Hotel Manhattan. A.
A. Son of San Francisco is at the Nether
land Hotel and J. Steinberger of San
Francisco is at the Hotel Imperial.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 14.— Mrs. Hatch,
wifo of the Hawaiian Minister, has re
turned from California and is at the Ar
lington Hotel.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Erotics in woman is only an excuse for
her erratics.
All iove is about the same thing, and
all BO«p tastes alike.
Yen ian always tell when you pass a
dentist in the street by the inquiring way
he looks at your teeth.
It's a wise woman tliat can tell a man's
character by his necktie and a wiser one
that tan tell a woman's at all.
A man spends his time trying- to get
everything- ho wants and a woman spends
her time trying to want everything she
ud gel.
THE BREEZES EXPLAIN.
Sharply the afternoon breezes
Came with an unwonted pait,
Heedless of coughs and of sneeze*.
Rattling the house 3 and treezes,
In a style to make us cuss fate. i
"What Is it keeps you so merry?"
I asked with desire to know.
"Your conduct is impolite, v
Each nose is as red as a cherry.
And each has a yearning ;
"■Why swirl you so blithely the pap»r?
Why raise such a racket and dust?
Why cut up dido and caper?
You"" re only 8 pestilent vapor.
Yet act like a fiend on a bust."
Pausing the breezes made an
•' "Tis true, we harrow the sou;.
But have a good reason to prance, sh.
To cavort and bellow and dar.ee. Fir.
For haven't -rtm heard about Dole!
"We're toM he is coming this way, sir.
Bringing his whiskers along:
That's why we're Jolly and Bay, sir.
Among those whiskers we'll play. sir.
We're in training now to get strong.
NOTES ABOUT NOTABLES.
The new British peerage just issued
shows that no less than 530 new names
have been added during the past jubilee
year as privy councilors, peers. baronet 3
and knights of the various orders of chiv
alry.
Miss Hamilton. M.T">.. the El
doctor at the court of the Am
Afghanistan, says that a few <«f the chief
ladies in Cabul can read and write
hardly a single one outside the capital
can do so.
The Rev. D. Anderson, a negro preach
er in Georgia, has cr asation by
a defense of lynching, which he contends
is sometimes Justifiable. Some p
of his own color have threatened to try
it on him.
The British lio.^istr.ir-Gcneral. Dr.
Totham. has issued a supplement
port showing the influence of occup
upon male mortality. The clergy had the
healthiest lives. .-md after them came in
turn lawyers, doctors and farmers.
Dr. Sanarelli has delivered a lecture in
Montevideo, in which he Btated that h.
had discovered a serum which proved
effective against yellow fever in the
animals he exp>>rirront'"d with, and that
it will probably cure the same disease In
human beings.
A marble memorial tablet to Beethoven
has been put up by a committee of
musical people in one of his favorito
haunts at the Helem^nthal in I
where he spent much time in Is--;I s -- ;
US. A Vienna sculptor is at work on a
relief of the composer, which will
the stone, and the unveiling is expected
to take place next spring.
FLASHES OF FUN.
Mrs. Greene— They say that your hus
band is awfully sweet on Miss Gray.
Don't you hate her?
Mrs. Brown— On tho contrary, I condole
with her.— Boston Transcript.
Adelbert— l cawn't say that I'm feeling
nachuwal this eve; I've got a beastly cold
in my head, don'tyerknow?
Geraldine— Never mind. Addy. Don't
grumble. Even if It'a only a cold, it's
something.— Richmond Dispatch.
Tramp — Is there anything around hpre
that a poor man could do to earn a meal
of vlttles?
Lady— Yes. Step back this
Tramp— All risht. then, I haven't time
to stop.— Cleveland Lea 'lt r.
"I'm very much afraid Miss Passeigh i 3
in love," said one young won-,
"I"m sure she doesn't say anything to
lead one to think so." replied the oth.T.
. But I found her just now with \
pencil and paper figuring for dear life to
see whether 4 goes in: i 1898 without leav
ing- a fraction."— Washington Star.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
ITS VALUE— E. H., City. Five dollar
pieces of 1842 may be obtained from
dealers at from $7 50 to $S. but there is,
no premium offered. j
NEWSPAPER POSTAGE-E. 8.. Tay
lor, Shasta County, Cal.— The posta
transient papers is 1 cent fur each four
ounces or fraction thereof.
CHIQUITA-Reader. Oakland. Cal. Chi
quita is Spanish, is feminine and means
very small. It is pronounced as if
written, "tche-kee-tah." The ma>culin«
is chi<iuito.
MRS. GROVER CLEVELAND— M. M .
City. Miss Frances Folsom, who n
Grover Cleveland, was born July i'
in Buffalo. N. Y. She was married to
Mr. Cleveland June 2, 1886.
THE NATIONAL RECORDER— M. Q .
City. According to the latest I
newspaper directoryof the T'nited States
July, 1897, the National Recorder
still published in Washington. D. C.
HYDROPHOBIA— J. W.. City. The
reason that a dog attacked with hydro
phobia is killed is to prevent it
biting any one who mi;rht be in it
There is no law in this State on that
subject.
GOLDENSOX'S AGE— A. S.. City. Al
exander Goldenson. who was hanged in
San Francisco September 14. 1888, for the
murder of Mami<> Kelly, was. at the
time of his death, agt_d _ .md >i
months.
HOMES FOR AGED— E. A. and Miss
G. H.. City. The following are i
the homes for aged people: Hi « Uom*
for Aged and
street; Home for Aged and Infirm F» -
males, Rincon place, near Si "
Hospital; Old People's Ban
Francisco (Crocker's < >i<l People's H
Pine and Pierce streets; Lick old i.
Home, University Mound Tra< I
tenheim, Fruitvale, .\; : ■mty;
Protestani Episcopal <>id Ladies' I
Golden Qate avenue, bet*
and Masonic avenue. For further Infor
mation communications should be ud
dressed to the mat h.
Townsend's Peanut Taffy; best in worlciy*
Cream-mixed Candies, 25c fb.To wnsend's"
■ ♦ ■
Extra strong broken llorehound Candy,
15c Ib. Towns, is. •;.: Market, Palace bid.*
■ ♦ ■
Stop that cough; Townsend's extra
: strong broken horehound will do it; lie Ib.
« ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 810 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1043. • ; • ...
"So you have decided that you cannot
marry him?"
••Not exactly. I said I did not think I
could ever learn to love, him."— Brooklyn
Life.
No well regulated household should be with
out I>H. T. G. B. SiEGEiix A Bom Angostuua
iiiiTtus. Unequalled as an appetir ins tonic.
■ ♦ «
Ann tends to kill the hair and tarn it gray.
Parker's Hair Balsam renews color md life.
His in BCO»TH| Dm best cure lor corns. 15 cts.
— — . ■«■ .
"Bhowns BnoxcniAL TKOCHBS" are un
equaled for clearing the voice. Public speakers
and sniffers the world over use them.
■ ♦ ■
Mistress — you call this sponge cake?
Why. it's as hard as it can be.
New Cook— Ye3, mum; that's the -way
a sponge is before it's wet. Soak it in
you tea, mum.— Boston Traveler.
NEW TO-DAY.
Did you ewer
taste doughnuts
made with Roy at
Baking Powder 9FITZGERALD
LOSES A
FORTUNE
Jury Decides That J. !
S. Capron's Last
Will Is Void.
Holds HeWas of Unsound
Mind When He Exe
cuted It.
The Testator Was Unduly In
fluenced When He Wrote
the Instrument.
TO ASK FOR A NEW TRIAL.
Th» Defeated Litigant Will Make
Another Effort to Get the
Estate.
"Was John P. Capron of sound mind
at the time he executed the paper here
propounded as his olographic will."
"NO."
"Was John P. Capron at the time he
:ted the Paid olographic will free
from undue influence of A. L. Fitzger
ald?"
"No."
Buch was the verdict of the jury that
for over forty days listened to the evi
dence in the Capron will contest, and
by the verdict A. L. Fitzgerald In his
dream of wealth has received a shock
ing awakening. By the verdict of yes
terday, however, the le^al battle for
the thousands of Capron is by no means
ended.
When Capron died he left an estate
valued at $100,000. The last will writ
ten by him was an olographic one, and
by its terms the estate was to be di
vlded as follows: To hifi :hter,
Hattle Kearney, the Harriet ranch In
Santa Clara County; to his stepdaugh
ter, Margaret Manlon, .1 lot in San
Jose: to his stepdaughter, Mamie
Greer, a lot in Oakland; to his grand
children, Raymond Kearney and Lor
etta Manion, a lot on Army street; to
James Kearney, a $600 mortg.iL:
Mrs. M. N". Holly, property at 530 Sec
ond street, San Jose; to Nellie McDer
rr.ott, improved property at 131$ Guer
rero street, together with a mortgage
THE YOUNG PRIEST THOMAS J, O'CONNELL
Thomas J. O'ConrK- 1 .!. a ynung and rorcni graduate of th« Catholic Seminary at
Baltimore, was ordnined priest of the Roman Catholic Church yesterday morning at
Bt. Mary's Cathedral.
Surrounded by wmtirs of his family, hfl early teaohf-rs. and representatives
cf the different Catholic churches throughout the city, young O'Connell prostrated
himself before the tabernacle of his God and took up the cross of the Savior.
The usual ordination ceremony was performed and the church was crowded with
friends of the young priest and outsiders rager to witness the services.
The most Impressive moment of the entire ceremony wns just after the epistle,
when the archdeacon summoned the young priest to the throne of the archbishop.
Young O'Connell advanced, clad In the nmire, alb, stole and maniplo of the secu
lar priest, holding a folded chaslble over the left arm and carrying a candle and
two pieces of linen cloth in the right hand.
As the young priest approached, the archdeacon, aa Is the custom In the cere
mony, solicited his ordination from the archbishop.
At the singing of the Veni Creator the archbishop anointed the palm of each
hand with sacred oil. This being done he tied the hands together with the linen
bands to remind the young priest of the moment recorded In the Acts of the Apos
tles, when Agabus, figuratively speaking, bound his hands with Paul's girdle.
After receiving the vestments, the sacred vessels were next handed to him, the
rhalice being filled with wine and water and the first vessel put :n the hands of the
new priest.
At the conclusion of the mass the archbishop extended both hands over the
head of the newly ordaini d priest, uttering his blessing as ho did so, and concluding
■with the following words:
"Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive, they are forgiven
them; and -whose pins you shall retain, they fire retained."
After taking a vow of obedience and reverence to the archbishop and after
making a promise of fidelity to the church in all that pertains to the ecclesiastical
ministry, the young priest entered the ranks of the clergy and became an ordained
priest of the church.
The Rev. J. )i. Hannlpan acted ns master of ceremonieß to the new priest during
the mass. Those who I the archbishop were the Rev. Fathers Byrne and
Mulligan of the Cathedral Parish.
A representative from nearly every church in the city attended the services, but
the most prominent were Rc-v. John Cottle, pastor of Kt. Brigld'fl parish; Rev. Henry
"Wyman, pastor of the Paulist Community; Father Hickey. from the Jesuit College;
Father Clancy, from the Dominican Church; int.- Rer, Arthur Hamra and Father
Dempsey, from the C nd Father <'ovle, from the Star of the Sea Church.
Thirty altar boys-, robed in purple cassocks and white surplices, attended mass
In the sanctuary. The acolytes who assisted the archbishop in the celebration of
mass were Thomas Bellew and John Curesy.
The entire high altar was decorated with golden colored flowers and rare ferns,
which with their glistening leaves stood out In bold relief against the dull white
background of the marble and affording a brilliant sight.
The decoration was arranged by Pedro Gome*, who had control of the entire ar
rangement of the preliminaries.
Thomas O'Connell was born twenty-eight years ago and since his birth has re-
Bided in this city most of his y,- ar s. It was while attending the Brothers' School
that he first expressed the desire to become a priest of the Catholic church and
a member of its clergy. At an early age he left the Bacred Heart College, where
he had been attending for three years, and matriculated at the Santa Clara college,
where he remained for several years. Upon the completion of his studies at Santa
Clara he was sent to Baltimore to complete his education and take a degree for tho
priesthood. His progress here was hindered by his continued Illness, and a rest and
cessation from hard study were declared necessary. Owing to his weak physical
condition he was delaj'ed two years in the taking of his degree.
Father O'Connell will say his first mass next Sunday morning at the Paullst
Church on California street. The privilege to celebrate the first mass at this church
has long been an expressed wish of the young priest, as to It cling many happy
recollections of his younger dayß. The mass will be Bald at 10:30 o'clock and in
character will be solemn high. The pennon of the mass will be preached by the
■»«v^ Peter Yorke on the appropriate subject of "The Young I'riesthood of To-day."
and note for $1000; to Geraldine Fitz
gerald, $5000; to McCoy and Sidney
Fitzgerald, $9300, and to A. L. Fitzger
ald of Eureka the residue.
The will was filed for probate by
Fitzgerald on July 1 of last year, but
on the 14th of the same month a con
test was filed by th« stepdaughters of
the decedent, who had been practical
ly disinherited. On the same day the
contestants tiled another will bearing
date of March 13. 1897, and under its
I'll. visions they were named as the
principal legatees. The second will pro
vided for the distribution of the estate
as follows: Loretta Manion and Ray
mond Kearney, |3000 e-r— i: to all other
relations, except the stepdaughters, $1
each, and the bulk of the estate was
bequeathed to th> stepdaughters.
The original contest went to trial
several weeks ago. A vast amount of
ence was submitted to prove the
mental condition of the testator <it the
timr> h<> executed the last will, and also
ttablish his relationship with A. 1..
Fitzgerald. It was hinted at during the
trial that the d.cd. tit had been mur
:. and the famify skeleton of the
Capron family was well aired.
Joseph C. Campbell, chief counsel for
the contestants, '■'■ >sed the argument in
the i terday afternoon* -n>l it
was submitted. Judge Coffey instruct
ed the jury at length and it retired. It
only took thirty-five minutes to reach
a verdict, which was placed on n
and the Jury discharged. When the
verdict of the jury was read Henry E.
Hii?hton. who represented Pltsgerald,
moved the court for a stay of proceed
ings In i rd< r thai he might make a
formal application to the court to prant
a new trial. The case will be apaln
taken up next : whether or not
.•■ trial will be pranted is a mat
ter of much speculation.
As BOOH as the case is disposed ot *
contest which has been filed to the ad
mlßsion of the will submitted by the
hters will be tried. Another
Fuit to determine the validity of cer
tain sift deeds held by the stepdaugh
ter? will In all " ty <- fi me up. and
in consequence the threads of lltlga
! tion promise to remain t.inplod around
the estate for months, if not years, to
DENIES BEING A THIEF-
W. G. MeierSurrenders Himself and
Is Released.
William O. Meier surrendered himself
rison yesterday and was
i on a charge of petty larceny.
rod by Leon I/raos. tailor. 1117
Marki Lemos charges Meier
with stealing from him a mackintosh and
a valis< ng some shirts.
M< l< r la a smootn-faced youth, 22 years
of age, and it s -iishlng that he
have made I. emus believe that he
had been a colonel in the German army.
now says that he held the rank of
• d ensipn. At that time he must
• '■ than M years of age. as
he has been about two years in this coun-
try.
He denie.l stealing the articles and
Judge Conlan released him on his own
recognizance.
Youog Republicans.
At a meeting of the Young Men's Re
publican League, held last night at 1007
Market street, the following; were named
by the president as a nominating com
mittee: J. H. Caskey, D. O. M.-Xaugh
ton, H. D. Mitchell. Arthur Currl© and
C. X, Holman. The committee Is to
nominate a full ticket of officers for the
organization and present it at the an
nual meeting of the league, to be held on
the evening of January 20, for adoption.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 15, 1898.
SCHOOL BOARD
LOSES A SUIT
G. O. Mitchell Was Ille
gally Removed From
His Position.
Judge Hunt Ru les That He Is
Vice-Principal of the Girls'
High School.
Writ of Mandate Issued to Compel the
Board of Education to Re
instate Him.
It was decided by Judpe Hunt yes
terday that George O. Mitchell was il
legally transferred from the Girls'
High School as its vice-principal to the
Polytechnic School, and he ordered
that a writ of mandate issue compell
ing the Board of Education to restore
him to his old position. This action
on the part of the court will to a cer
tain extent upset the little political
manipulation of the board, at least as
far as the appointment of Madison
Babcock to nil the position made va
cant by the transfer of Mite hell is con
cerned. In fact, it is hinted that it may
act as though a star was yanked out
of the solar system and result in a
startling- disorganisation of the plans
and fondest hopes of Director Ragan,
according to the theory of Director
Head, as published in Friday's Call.
Mitchell took his position as viee
principal of the Girls' High School on
the Ist of January, 1895. In July of last
) ear a resolution was passed by the
board transferring him from hia po-
D in the Girls' High School to one
of less honor and monthly remunera
tion in the Polytechnic School. He im
mediately demurred at the action of
the board and some time ago applied
to the courts for a writ of mandate
to compel the board to readmit him
to the vtee-piincipalshlp of the Girls'
High School and to allow him to again
assume the labors incumbent upon that
position. In his application for the
writ he contended that he held a high
1 certillcate as required and as
he had been duly appointed to the po
sition he should be allowed to hold It
as originally intended. The board con
tested his application and set up in de
fense that it had a right to transfer as
it saw lit.
The stand taken by the board Is er
roneous, it Is held by Judge Hunt. In
his interpretation of the law Judge
Hunt decided that after one is appoint
ed to a position in the School Depart
• he cannot be transferred if the
transfer results In a decrease of salary
and rank. The board has not the
power to remove a teacher. It was held,
after he had been legally appointed ex
cept for cause. Cause is not consid
ered to mean political preference In the
mplatlon of the law, it was held.
but for a material cause such as in
ability or offense, which in justice
should result in dismissal. In conse
quence. It was held that the conten
tion of Mltohell that he had been ille
gally removed was a Just one and the
writ of mandate was ordered issued.
The fight is not yet over, ho<Vever, as
th<' board will appeal to the Supreme
Court in ordc-r that its power in the
line of the caM at issue may be for
ever determined. Th-- attorney who
handled th*» case for Mitchell, Thomas
S. Malloy. anticipate* further effort on
the part <>f the board to transfer Mit
chell even though the Supreme I
sustain the decision of Judge Hunt.
It is hardly probable, however, that
Babcock will assume the duties of
principal of the Girls' Rich School un
til the hither court has passed on the
matter, which may be several months
to come.
DESERTION TALE DENIED.
Henry hfart Says His Stepfather Is
iO Seattle on Business.
Friends of Henry Hart, the race track
bookmaker, have frequently made the
assertion of late that Jnhn R. Hart of
Alameda, formerly In the sailor boar.l-
lng-house business with William Mc-
Carthy, had not left home on account of
any trouble with his wife at all, but that
his Intention In fleeing was to avoid set
tling up finances with the stepson ac
wording to the terms of the wife's will.
This story is denied by the Interested
man. He also states that his stepfather
is now in Seattle, and will return home
in a few days.
"I expect a letter from him to-mor
row," be HfUd yesterday- "He went to
Seattle at my request, and I gave him
i>tt<rs of introduction to merchants of
Seattle and Victoria. The story that my
stepfather and myself have not got
along well 1b untrue. "We are both Inter
in a Klondike prlicmc, and the re
ci-nt salo of the property left us free to
act in the matter at one.:;.
"It is true, 1 suppose, that Mr. Hart
had some words with his wife, and that
may be the reason why he did not tell
her ho was going away. This is one of
the cases where a man has good cause to
call on heaven to deliver him out of the
hands of his friends."
LATER NEWS BETTER NEWS.
Damage to the Citrus Crop par
Less Than First Reported.
The southern citrus belt has come In
for a deal of commiseration recently,
anent the reports of heavy damage
wrought by the rude hand of Jack Frost
among the orange and lemon groves,
which are th 9 particular pride of that
section. There was a wide variance In
the report as to the extent of damage ef-
I, some rumors placing the damage
as high as 00 or GO per rent.
Later and more reliable advices go to
show that the worst afflicted localities
not suffered which win
amount to more than '-•> per rent of the
crop, and it is probable that when all r«~
ports are lii ami carefully canvassed It
will be found that the general average of
damage will not be over 10 per cent.
The recent "cold snap" was the tm
verest known In ten years, and the won
der Is that It did no more damage than
it did— in the citrus belts and elsewhere
A New Whip
Qrscefolly handled by the Town Crir*r In
tj-day's S. F. News Letter. Don't miss
It.
St. Mary's Church.
ReT. Father T. J. O'Connell, who was
ordained to the priesthood yesterday, will
celebrate his first mass at 11 o'clock to
morrow at St. Mary's (raullst) Church,
California street. On this occasion the
newly ordained priest will be assisted by
!: \. J. F. Byrne as deacon, Rev. J. p.
Mi-Quarto as subdeacon and Rev. John I"
Cottle as master of ceremonies. The ms
ststani priest will be Rev. M. o. Connolly
it' v. I. C Yorke will preach on "The
Christian Priesthood." The choir on this
■'•n will render a special programme
assisted by an augmented chorus. Rev'
Father O'Connell made bis lirst commu
nion and was confirmed In St. Mary's
Churcix. He was also a member of the
"inutiK Men's Sodality and of St. Marys
Cadets. He wed mass for many years
at the very altar whereon, for the flr«t
time, he will offer the holy sacrifice.
The fao-simile ffl //&„ *?"** " pa. every wrapper
•ignature of (*M&%7<&cA44i of CASTOEIA.
ED STEVENS AS A HYPNOTIST.
One wouldn't expect a star comic opera singer to be c remamable hypnotist, to
have s-t range occult powers and to go about putting up his hand to heal the suffer
ing when he hail earned his salary by making a houßefu* laugh, but San Francisco
has one.
Few who enjoy the tuneful mirth of Edwin Stevens at the Tlvoli know or would
suspect that ho was that Bort of a remarkable man, but he is. A host of the
friends and acquaintances he has made while pursuing his profession all over the
land know It. but Stevens' business is to sing and his strange power over others
has always been a private matter.
There is frequent fun back of the scenes at the Tivoli. when the girls say. "Oh.
Mr. Stevens! Pee If you can hypnotize us." and when after a word and a touch
they obey his orders for monkey shines, and flap their arms for angels' wings. But
Stevens doesn't do very much of the funny business that always goes with the
show hypnotist. Off the stage the fellow Is worked to death by acquaintances and
their friends who know of his remarkable power for banishing pain and healing
diseases. He now has about twenty cases in hand in this city wnlch he is treating
by "psyrho-therapeutics." some prominent local physicians are studying his powers
and methods and the pressure on his off hours is so great that he is seriously con
sidering the advice of one of his medical friends to open an office and be a profes
sional hypnotist by day and a singer by night.
There is much that is interesting about Stevens from the standpoint of occult
things and there are remarkable things that he does. This Jolly man of the world
has an eye that is strangely piercing when he concentrates his glance upon you,
and he has peculiar hands. The palms of his soft and shapely hands have an odd
redness about them, concentrated in spots and in the wrinkles, which are lines of
deep vermilion, and tho ends of all his fingers have a deep, ■warm redness that is
always there. It is further peculiar that when he hypnotizes any one, a little b>
of perspiration always appears on a particular spot on each of the third and fourth
fingers of his l-:'t hand, and often his hands puff up as he sends a friend into som
nambulistic oblivion.
He discovered his latent hypnotic power when he was about 17 years old, and
shortly after his interest In it was deepened by reading Bulwer's "A Strange Story."
Since then ho has constantly practiced and developed it privately, and during the
years since be l"ft San Francisco, to return a successful star, it has grown with the
constant practice that has been forced upon him dally.
It sounds peculiar to hear Stevens can cure any ordinary headache in from one
to ten seconds by a touch or two of his soft, mysterious hand, but his friends tes
tify to the fact overwhelmingly. When an acquaintance has the frightful pains of
neuralgia or brings a friend who has he can generally get away with the neuralgia,
and toothaches flee from his fingers' ends.
This is not hypnotism, it is explained. This is simply the result of his mag
netism. He reserves his hypnotic treatments for more serious cases. Not long ago,
it is related, he went with a lady friend to a dentist's to save her the pains of
teeth-filling. "When she was rendered unconscious of pain after a few passes the
dentist put that horrible buzzing drill to work in a mf>lar. "Now you ure crossing a
bridge In Chicago," he said, "lla! Ha!" she laughed, delightedly.
Many of his friends have the same advantages when they get their teeth pulled
and bad cases of insomnia which give way to sweet and normal Bleep after a few'
trials of hypnotic suggestion are but among a long list of ner%-oua and functional
diseases that :ire credited to his occult mastery.
Mr. Stevens says little about his occult abilities and eschews the very word
"hypnotism" fur •'psycho-therapeutics," for his power to relieve suffering is some
thing he takes very seriously and conscientiously, and he thinks that charlatans
have made the . >rd "hypnotist" odious. So this popular and successful fellow goes
on making thous nds laugh from the comic stage and seriously brushing away pain
with that strange hand when the curtain Is down.
AN UNWILLING
TRIP HOMEWARD
Passengers Forcibly Taken
Away From the Land
of Gold.
The Steamship President Broke Her
Machinery end Could Not
Land at I'nnlakUk.
The steamship President, now lying In
San Francisco hmrbor, was attached yes
terday by a suit brought In the United
States District Court by eight passen
gers, who allege that they have been
damaged and Injured to the extent of
$2000 each by the action of the skipper.
Captain Nelson, In taking them from St.
Michael to San Francisco against their
will.
The llbeiants are Benjamin F. Gray,
Herbert Kendall, Anderson W. Meadows,
Augustus C Cube!, H^nry Peters. Krnest
Nuessler, Mrs. Jgna Nuessler (his wife)
and Arthur Paul. They tell a hard story
In their complaint and one which. If
true, places Skipper Nelson in a very un
favorable light.
They allege that on October I*.. ISCC,
while they were at the port of St. Mi
chael awaiting the opening of the sea
son for the transportation of themselves
and their stores to the Klondike mines
the steamship President was lying In the
harbor of St. Michael, seeking assistance
in order to enable her to discharge her
cargo. There was no available labor to
be hired at that place, and there was
therefore danger that the ship would be
frozen In during the winter. In this
emergency the complainants, being de
sirous of reaching certain gold diggings
near T'lialaklik, some forty miles to the
northward of St. Michael, agreed with
Skipper Nelson that they would dis
charge his vessel provided that lie would
give them passage thereon to Inalaklik,
they also to pay *!"> each In cash.
< in arriving at T'nalakllk six of the pas
sengers went on shore and made ar
rnngements to procure, a whaleboat to as
sist in transferring their stores to the
shore. After their return to the ship
that evening ar.d after a small quantity
of their stores had been landed by Jn»
dlans In skin boats. Skipper Nelson
hoisted his anchor and went a mile or
two out to sea, telling his passengers
that he would run in again In the morn
ing and land them and their stores. But
when morning came the skipper refused
to land his passengers and proceeded on
his way to San Francisco. He met all
their protests with profane and intem
perate language.
The complainants allege further that
owing to the crowded condition of the
st< unship and lack of preparation for
the voyage they were not given proper
aroomriii'dati'Mi and food, and they suf
fered great inconvenience on their en
forced voyage.
The captain's defense will be that the
machinery of the steamer broke so that
It was not possible for the vessel to re
main where she was without risk of
great damage, if not loss.
Page. McCutcheon & EUb. Robert
Ferral and W. H. Payson are the attor
neys for the libelants.
Fell Down a Hatchway.
John Buchanan, a negro pailor, fell
down the hatchway of the schooner
Henry B. Hyde at the Folaom-street
wharf last evening and was quite seri
ously, though not fatally injured. Ho wag
taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where he was attended by Dr. Deas, who
found that thr-e ribs were broken, the
scalp lacerated and internal injuries.
Buchanan was loading lumber onto the
schooner, and he fell about twenty feet.
COULDN'T SAVE
HER BROTHER
Henry Harris Cut His Throat
in the Presence of His
Devoted Sister.
He Had Lost a Leg and Preferred
Death to Being Crippled
for Life.
A horrible suicide of a brother In the
presence of his devoted sister took place
at IJIO Buchanan street yesterday after
noon.
The unfortunate man was Henry Har
ris, who recently worked as a porter In
the hat factory of P. Berwin In this city.
Owing to the loss of a leg in a railroad
accident and the consequent illness Har
ris became very despondent and frequent
ly threatened to commit suicide. For this
reason his mother and his sister. Minnie,
who have been taking care of him, have
kept a close watch upon his movements.
Shortly after noon yesterday Miss Min
nie returned to her brother's room from
another part of the house, and when she
entered the apartment she was terror
stricken on beholding her brother with a
razor In his hand and In the act of draw
ing it across his throat.
With B wild shriek of horror she rushed
forward to wrest the weapon from the
suicide's grasp, but before she could
reach him he had cut a fearful gash in
his throat. She seized the razor and
struggled desperately with him for the
p. iss.-ssion of the weapon, and received
several severe cuts in the hand. But the
devoted girl was too late. The struggle
was brief and at the end of a few agoniz
ing seconds, when she had gained pos
session of the razor, her brother died.
The remains were taken to the Morgue,
and an Inquest will be held.
Harris was a native of this State and
34 years old. About the first of last De
cember he was thrown off a train of cars
near San Rafael and was run over. He
was taken to the German Hospital In
this city and one of his legs was ampu
tated. During the consequent sickness,
although tenderly cared for by his mother
and sister, he became very despondent
over the prospect of being a cripple for
life, and frequently threatened to make
away with himself.
NEW TO-DAY.
The only genuina Hunyadi Water
Hunyadi Janos
BEST NATU3AL APERIENT WATER
FOX
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." UfmtL
"Speedy, sure, gentle." BritithiledicalJourn.x'
CAUTION: See that the label
bears tfie signature of the firm
Andreas Saxlehner.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/>Qfi MARKET ST.. OPP. PALACE
DOO Hotel. Telephone 670. ResldeDo« 909
YalaociA atreec TeleDhone. "Church" la.
NEW TO-DAY.
V 1 f\ 19 ' MarKe * St., San Francisco, Cal.
I Gail I
| Borders |
BijfiiiC! i
J Condensed Milk |
% Has no Equal as #
\ An Infant food. %
C "INFANT HEALTH^Sent 1)>
M FREE aon Application. %
\n NewYDrk Condensed Milk Can* A'
84 CANCERS CURED j
jOtS323Sfi3B!K jG&\ State of California,
/|3>v 9T ■ A^T»'" rity of San Fran-
f ~^\""\ M*^ J Cisco — Dr. S. R.
I \ J^^& ket street personally
i V V wffi r&b.^^^r l stre(>t personally
' ■ 1 fS^^^M^W^ appeared before me
'JM B^Si»S?^*^'K an swears that he
/d^ K?>?s^*^sSN*^Sß& has cured eighty-four
1 * EEraEsßfll m cancers during the
WnE year »f 1897. Some
H^^t**^^3 • were cured free and
S^'^aJ^^t^SSfc I*.1 *. rthers o were <"harg-i<i
-%?-<{ 5Pi [B^% from $2J t" $
conilr.g^ to size. He
Arja£*3ggda W^ M II also swears that ha
■\j - ira MM \ has refused as many
v \£r r more cases, as th-;y j
were too far advanced to warrant a cure. He j
I swears his cash receipts for the year are $3200,
, with a balance of over $1000 due. He sends free
[ a 75-page book on cancers and tumors cured
! without knife or pain. No pay until cured.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 31st ]
day of December, Itt7. A. .1. HENRY.
Notary Public.
I PERFECTION . : . PREVAILS I
IcdismTseryice!
* _!N THE— *
i LADIES' GRILL*
! %* PALACE. |
* Direct Entrance from Market Street. *
-jJ|M4jLj Loan Wanted.
y/A rarcL, $500 ° for 2 y ears
: w^R|i|HUai^ at 8 per cent. Se-
curity is ample and
• $!&^^o^&^ borrower a business
use at my office.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
i ._
PACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting, IS'JT-OS. Beplnnin? MONDAY
" January 10 to January 22. Inclusive.
— OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACIN& MONDAY. TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES It JH DAY.
j RACES START AT 8:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M.
l and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30. 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. M..
i connecting with trains stoppinK at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning— leave the Track at 4:15
and 4:45 P. M., and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS .Tt.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
C
* Thousands upon thousands of unfortunate
;ople fall annually by the wayside, crippled
26'dy and mentally by the onslaughts of dys-
pepsia or some other of that great train of
troubles which follow or accompany a sluggish
liver or a disordered stomach. •
RIPANS Tabules
Kare like the good Samaritan of our Savior's time;
they will lift the striken being back to health.
Ripans Tabules are sure and direct ts. the ex-
hibition of their curative powers. Medical
science has discovered no remedy so marvelously
effective. *>
i j
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
fSiISIMCIB COTUOB a t? usstzs hrtuutim
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT AND ALIj
NEXT WEEK, THE TOWN TALK,
WILLIE COLLIER
In the Slde-Splitting Farce.
THE MAN FROM MEXICO.
"77" It's Policy for You to See It."
fRIEDIANOEH GOTTIOB gnu*
last THREE performances!
MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-night and Sunday.
JOLLY NELLIE McHENRY
In Her Brilliant Comedy Production,
M NIGHT lIS NEW YORK. I
Next Monday— "COURTED INTO COURT:"
Matinee Saturday— Jan. 15.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
From the Folies Berg«res, Paris. PAULO A
DIKA, eccentrlo vocalists. BARNEZ « RUS-
SELL, novelty sketch artists. LA PETITH
LUND, the Infant prodigy. PATRICE, sup-
ported by ALF HAMPTON and J. F. WHIT-
BECK. Farnum Bros.. Kitty Mitchell. Elinors
Sisters, Rombello and Musical Dale. Last
Two Nights of the BALLET SPECTACLE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine KitELrvo, Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS!
or Our Holiday Spectacle,
"MOTHER GOOSE!"
J-GRAND BALLETS— 3
Lots of New Songs, Dances and Specialties*
NEXT WEEK
" BRIAN BORU !"
A Romantic Irish Opera.
SEATS INO\A/ ON SALE I
Popular Prices ....25c aod 50c
ALCAZAR-- r^-
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
This (Saturday) and To-morrow (Sunday)'
Nieht.
■;;■. FAREWELL PERFORMANCES,
"ESMERALDA!"
Monday NUht— Double Bill.
"A MAN'S LOVE" and "FORBIDDEN
FRUIT."
| Evening prices 15c, 25c, 25c. EOc
! Matinee 15c, 25c. 350
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
1 Magnificent Production of Byron's Great Com-
edy Drama,
THE FT_,XJ^TC3-H3K,
j To be presented -with the Strongest Cast and
the Best Scenic Effects ever wit-
nessed in this city.
Great Bank Robbery Scene.
' GREAT RAILROAD SCENE WITH LOCO-
TIVE AND TRAIN.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Evening Prices, 10, 25, 50c.
I ■ ~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ■ •
CHIQUITA !
i Cuba's Atom! The Smallest Woman on Earth,
.;;. Is Positively the
7VIMR.A/EL OF THE AGE I
Daily Receptions at the CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening.
RAIN OR SHINE.
10c to all, Including Vaudeville.
Children sc.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
! The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company,
! FRIDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHTS. January
i 14 and 16, "EZRA, THE WANDERING JEW,"
; Dramatic Opera in 4 acts, by Professor La-
I teiner. Box office open daily from 10 a.- m. to
5 p. m.
DRFRHM O'FARRELL STREET.
UDCnUIN N ear Stockton.
Grand Concert Every Evening' by
CARL MARTENS
And me
j COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK,
Howard st., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
Open dally from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m. ; 2 to 4:89
j p. m. 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission, 10c;
Gents' Skates, 15c; Ladles' Skates, Free.
78
FEENEY'S WIN
OF THE
BUTTE DERBY.
Everybody on a California racetrack
knows By "Holly. For years his blithe,
straight form has been familiar to habit
ues of the turf on all of the Western
tracks and his name has been ass
with many successful coups. In a remin
iscent mood the other evening By related
the story of a race thai is probably with
out a parallel on the turf. "Along back
in the eighties," said "Pop," "I had a
small but select string of horses, among
which were Doubt, Irish Lass and a bit;
horse called El Dorado. The latter horse
I purchased from John Mackey of
Rancho del Paso for $300. and afterward
learned that the suave John considered
he had unloaded a gold brick. Associated
with me at that time \\as Tommy Lott
ridge, now the partner of "Overcoat 1 Jack
Atkins, and we bad in view the M
Western circuit, which inclu
rado, I'tah and Montana. At Denver El
Dorado wont lame and was let up
From Denver the horses were ship.
Salt Lake City, where the stable won a
number of purses. 1 also had
tinued By. "'a number of good hai
horses along, and the night we shipped
from Salt Lake City to Bu over
seeing the shipping of these, while Lott
ridge was putting the runners aboard the
car. Hear! . imotion back where
tne f, . I strolled down
in that direction, and there waa Tommy,
with about three yards I • raph
pole, belaboring El i" rado, in a ml
deavor to get him aboard th.- car. Tommy
never did like i
fled state of his ■ md b< tw< ■
strong adjectives he vas usinj
turnii | lo loose and let him stay
among the Mormons. To this 1 would
not submit, but, tun li about,
backed him Into th< i i ■ ioul effort.
You know I had been a I ttle longer in
the business at that time than Tommy,"
By continued, mildly, "and two hea
ofttin:
"But to get • ' l did not
chare the c El Qorado that
Mr. Lottrldge did, hut was confident that
he wa t-ble class,
though not having had as yei
to show it. entered In the Butte
derby, and on arriving at that place I took
the horse in ■
mined to demonstrate to some folks that
he was not a gold brick. He went well
in hi? work, and finally derby day
around. Riding for me at the time was a
lad named Charley i the
cleverest riii<rs It has ever been my g 1
fortune to meet. EM Dorado was an out
sider in the betting, and, with his part
ing instructions, Feeney galloped to the
"1 had a seat in the grand stand beside
Marcus Daly, and so long were the horses
at the post that 1 naturallj grew a bit
nervous. Noticing this fact Mr. Daly
paid: "Mr. Holly, wl I to be the
trouble? You appear very nervous,' i
told him I was: for the reason that 1
. rather win tl r I . any
other that a dollar <•!" mine
I on, at the same time giving him a
brief I . • the big horse.
"A Bhout finally announced that the
horses were on their Journey. Imagine
my feelings on : as the lit
proached the stand El Dorado last
bunch, both ths broken
and flapping in the air and boy and sad
dle i'- his neck. Wl
think the Irish youth did? Reaching
down, he grabbed tin- saddle from under
him with his left hand, and v
twist. wrapped the dangling stirrups
about his wri-t. Holding th<
his hand he ran through the bunch and at
the end won 1;. | .•■ fol
lowing this most remarkable pi<
horsemanship beggars <: . and
Keeney afterwai ••• in
my affections, I have been around tracks
all my life, but ne\er expect to t><
feat equa.-
Jockey O'Connor, the f.S-pounder, has
considerable of the gray matter
cealed under his cap for a young n.
his Inches. When astride Perseus the
other day, which horse many th<
rightfulH • • decision over
land Barr, O'Connor has beei qu
saying to (.'onl
ine a head." This is not out by
facts. After the race a well-known
asked the boy if he didn't think his horse
won. O'Connor looked wise and said he
once went into
and told ;. - he thoughi
by a head. The officials considered their
experience In placii . [y as
good as the jockey's and fined him 1100
for his opinion. Since that time O
nor does not care to argue on hea
ishes.
Great things are expected of the Gold
finch-*'arina colt, r'-r which Mai
paid (8000. Hie has bc.-:i galloping like a
real good one and is expected to kx
of th< s of the coming Beason.
The K>--t of this young sir.-, now owned by
J. B. Haggln, proved great money-get
ters In England last Beason.
The Futurity, generally the richest turf
prize of tn . will be worth, so
Eastern reports say, about J-ju.uuo this
year.
Some of the Southern tracks have
agreed to reduce the price of admi
at the coming race meets from $: I
cents. This will be the order at !
port, Louisville, Cincinnati
tonia. The free list will be
and by this reduction the tracks L
Increase the att<
Among the jockeys Charley Thorpe
easily holds his own During the week
he has landed ten winners, at all sorts of
prices. Piggott is on the sick list and
Dick Clawson is In the full enjoyment of
a two weeks' suspension, imposed on
him by the judges during the last Oak
land meeting for crowding the colored
lad Conley against the fence. Lonnie
Clayton says he will be In form within a
few days, and then he wants to see some
of the other riders get into the habit of
drawing close finishes with him.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
ATHLETIC SPORT AT
STANFORD UNIVERSITY.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Jan. 13.
This is the season of the year in which
athletes in several branches of sport are
In demand. Baseball, trick and tennis
are to be contested this Bemestor.
In baseball prospects lor a successful
Beason are bright. Never before
there been so many applicants for
on the team. Every position will be holly
contested. For pitcher alone there are
over a score of • : '98, Beck
ett '00, Lanagan 'u0 and Wrlgiey '01 are
the most . ■ lt for the
place. The freshman class, however, is
quite resourceful and may develop a won
der. Catcher, In the event of Captain
Jeffs' knee remaining bad, will probably
be between C. Strohn, who i
an excf-il< i;t record last year, and Bwin
dells ''>!, a new man. who captained the
Tacoma Athletic dub team before en
tering- college. Six of last year's team are
back in college. They are: Jeffs, Strohn,
Beckett, Wrlgl I ghead.
Two men. Young 'S8 and Harri
starred in former years, o re
turned. Young held down Brat bs ■
two seasons, md is one of the best hit
ters Stanford has ever had. Harris made
the second bag in his freshman year, and
plays as good ball now as team
will be coached only by graduate stu
dents, who made names for them#e \
the diamond while ; - Billy Me
Lean, Jack Bheehan, Billy Karrelson and
Hugh Dyer will be among those who wl '
give their time and experience to this
year's aspirants
Manager ECeesling has been very active
and expects to begin regular practice im
mediately.
Tennis is too far ahead to form any
conclusions as to U me of the
Btruggle between the two universities In
track athletics, however, the outlook for
Stanford is not at all bright. This year
not a single new man even with the
reputation of a "phenom" has appeared.
Last year's athletes will all be out and -i
great man; freshmen will be out
rift< p field-sport i
In the class of '01 Weatherwax, in the
Fprims. Btrout, Jackson. Simons, Erb
Wardall, Steele and Potter for the runs'
Bloane In the Jumps and Doiph, .1 h
Stewart. Lonsley and Bryan have had
some expert* nc< . Tb< track i
into the best p< • dition. Manag< r
Gregory and I aptain Brunton have
fin excellent plan up their sleeve
for a training-house when tl
■ ye committee decides to huKd it.
Wng will ;•■ rincipally by the
graduai.s and old track men, who will
give whatever time they ran to !t. I
Gary, the famous Princeton sprinter will
be down from time to time to see that
Uie sprinters set into no bud ways
DUCK SHOOTING
IS NOW
AT ITS BEST.
The last rainstorm, which was of small
consequence, however, bad the effi
:ing the wild ducks in all dir.
by giving all classes of shooters an
■ inity of bagging a few I
The cream of the sport has been
skimmed by the hunters who have shot
over the ponds of Alvarado and ."■'
Eden during the pasi few weeks Two
hunters— Williamson and Fentres—dis
posed of MO cartridges last Thursday
whi!e shooting in one of the large sloughs
near the bay of Alvarado. Their
ducks, of the Bprig,
teal and spoonbill variety
A man named Potter bagged twenty
canvasbacks in a fresh-water pond
not far distant from Mount Eden last
Tuesday morning. Pete Mn'ra.- m
tii<- feathers last Bunday. Hi
from Mount Eden vicinity with a splendid
bag of birds, i»ut h< only
ssful hunter. There were several
m board the evening train from Al
viso last Sunday who had good straps of
nd spoonbill, which were doubtless
shot bj the light of I The sport
should be g 1 to-day all along the
shore from Mount Eden to Alvlso.
rtsmen have not been meeting with
very good - - noma
marshes, but as the birds are returning
fn.m frozen ponds in the country th.-r
should be first-class all-round sh
and to-morrow. Teal are said to
plentiful on the Empire Club
:!.■ Ferris marshes
tie bay Bl
Sculling for ducks was the pastime of
tsmen who 3uisun
marshes during the past month. T!
rain scattered th>- birds, but they
liav<> returned, and *r-><id slougb sh
should be had to-morrow. feu
nard i >• and l>r. Ayera will scull
for teal and mallard to-morrow in the
Suisun sloughs, and as they an- all expert
gunners, their friends can safely count
tome nice table birds on their return
to this city.
The Bnipe hunters are perfectly dls
!1 scrapers an
ir. the southern part of I whore
■
task. With s. change in the weather tin
king- of table birds will return to their
old haunts, and it is hardly necessary to
say that they will receive a warm recep
tion from Bportsmen who are anxiously
waiting a chance to swing- a gun on the
little beauties.
The qunil hunters should he up and do
- !!.<■ present weather is just right
fT hill-tramping; the birds are to be
un.ny slopes where the
r is thin and few obstacles In the
way of the hunter.
A special train will leave Sausalito at
11:80 to-night for Duncans Mills and way
•.s. (jtirdl shooters should avail
themselves of the opportunity of a
near Bay View and Tomales
tlo;is. where birds are plentiful. It is no
trl< k for the lovers of cottontail rabbit
shooting to kill fifty or nvrr of the lit
tle animals on the sand hills near To
males in a few hours.
rles Hoever and o. Fincke, sports
men who !.!-• a well-fltted up shooting
near "the Bridges." at Alviso, bOC
d in liag-gint? sev. ral large duck last
Saturday and Sunday. Tl - were
.i Lcoby, A. Beth and Charles
Waither. Beth ltronpht dr.wn two fine
mallards which fell Into the slough, but
as the sportsman could not swim, and as
the water was t<>" cold I tator
lal sports, he informed Ids friend J
that he could have the birds if he At
but they drifted with the tide to the bay.
"COCKER" TWEEDIE, the Australian Lightweight Pugilist.
Among the arrivals on the steamer Alameda from Australia were "Cocker"
Tweflle and his manager. Percy Fowles.
Tw< odie is a bright and promising looking lad of about 22 summers, who has
beea fighting In Sydney [or two and a half years. According to bis record, he has
id defeated some of the topnotchers In the US-pound class.
Among the men who fell before Tweedle'a blows was the Kngllsh crack boxer.
Mike McGoff, who, it win be remembered, put up such a wonderful fight with CaL
McCarthy in this country and Hilly Plimmur in London, England. This was Twee
■ cond meeting with McGoff, having previously whipped the Englishman in
four rounds, but McGoff then excused himself by fftSting Thai be was out of condi
tion. When McGoff and Tweedle met the second time to Aedde tiio Question of
supremacy, the Englishman was in fine fettle and very confident of winning.
The accounts of the fight, which lasted only two rounds, stnie that Tweedie
wont around his opponent as a cooper goes around a barrel, hammering the En
glishman with left and right in body and face, and Anally finishing McGoff with a
solar plexus punch.
The defeated man said after the fight that the Sydney boxer was a terrific hitter
and could whip any man of his weight in the country.
Tweedie stated yesterday that he will remain on the Coast if tTiere 1? a prospect
for pulling off a contest with any of the local 126-pounders. He is not looking for
very big game, but would have no objection to a meeting with any ot the clever
boxers now located in this city.
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXTTARY 15, 1898.
THE FILED OF SPORT
The Great Sprinter O'Connell, Joint Holder With Flora Louise of the World's Six-Furlong
Record Over a Circular Track — 1: 12 1-4.
RUSSIAN RIVER
BAR IS
OPENED AGAIN.
Anglers are now rushing to Russian
River where the sport of catching the
1 fighti ads can be enjoyed
to the heart's content.
Last evening the North Pacific Railroad
my ordered an army of fifty men
to the mouth of the Russian River with
Instruct the bar by digging
a trench of several yards in the moun
tain of sand.
The men worked faithfully the greater
part of last night and finally succeeded
in opening a canal for the fresh water
■ ■ ough to th< earn.
This will mean ■ rush of sixteen-pound
ers Into the river and the ar.glera who
will leave this <!ty to-day for the happy
unds may expect to have lots
of sport, provided that their tackle is
best quality.
Manager Locke, the wHI-known excur
sion aynt. will take : a special
train leaving this city at 11:80 o'clock to
night for 1 ' Ms and way stations.
The train Will m.tk>- stops at Point !:
\'.t\ Yi«w and sportsmen
who ar<- desiro I quail, rabbit
and brant shooting can safely count upon
good sport anywhere in the vicinities <>f
Baj Vfew and Tomales, at which places
hotel accommodations can be had.
la] will leave Duncans Mills
ut 3:45 p. I landing pa
K<-rs in this city at 7:4" o'clock.
Commissioners '■ and
lid to have irenty
two Bteelheads last Sunday, but only one
member of the special train party which
Uft this city last Saturday night caught
a iish. The Wilson spm.n is doing very
i;,,., d work. Occasionally a fish Is tak.-ii
roe, but trolling from a boat lias
giving best results during the past
Now that the river is open and fresh
fishes are on the run, the spoon. th» bait
ed nook or, in fact, th"- "naked " fly will
Lble to th« new arrivals that
have not felt the prick of th" sharp
nor bare seen the anglers who flash wild
and woolly whiskers wh^n t xdted.
John Gallagher, the champion angler of
!s are located
near Russian River Cottage. The trai
lers have n.'t enjoyed very good
during the week, as the river has
nsh consequently had to
remain in the ocean, wl have
congregated in great numbers during the
■ nth.
If the weather remains fine, the anglers
who will fish on the river to-m
should certainly meet with grand success.
LAWN TENNIS IS A
POPULAR PASTIME.
Tennis Is enjoying a great popularity.
The California courts are daily crowded
with the devotees of the pastime.
With genial and clever Joe Daily back
again as the keeper of the courts things
q on a brighter aspect.
Miss B. Hooper, one of the leading
players of her sex on this coast, was out
practicing last week, and although not
having played for quite a period still
showed that she had not forgotten the
points of the game.
A series of mixed doubles was started
last Wednesday, which is to run through
the next two or three weeks. Miss Elsie
Clark and George Whitney opened the
Ltnent with Miss Denaon and
: ; v ,-is opponents. The for
mer ti un won with a score of 4 — t>, 6—4,6 — 4,
Herman Meyer, a well-known player of
the club, leaves to-night for Liverpool. .
Miss Denson and George Whim* >
■ i in winning from Frank Kellogg
and Drummond by a score of 4—3.4 — 3.
J>r. Skaife has been out during the
\\ * > k playing against Daily.
It is the Intention of the club to hold a
double tournament for prizes during ju
■■ >»k.
Woerner Btauf succumbed to Champion
ge Whitney'a cleverness during the
week. The defeated player put up an
game, but was outclassed.
Score: 8- 2. I
Ten new names have been offered for
membership .in the club, seven of whom
are of the fair sex.
The Bellevue Tennis Club of Alameda
has be.>n trying to arrange a match be
tween Murdoch, its champion, and Dick
Adams of the California Club. From
ni indications the match will proba
bly be played un the local courts next
Saturday.
Mr. Lilienthal of the Anglo-California
Bank has become Interested in tennis
and has rented one of the California
courts for his private use.
Joe Dally and George Whitney are
matched to meet the invinribles, Robert
Whitney and George Bradshaw, on Sat
urday next.
Miss Dufficy has been playing during
the week with Miss Hudson. The effort
to match her with Miss Hull has fallen
through.
Walter Magee has returned from the
East and will soon be playing at the
courts.
Yesterday Bradshaw and Whitney were
pitted against young Wiehe and George
Whitney. After each team had won a
set. the game, was postponed on account
of darkness. Wiehe is giving much
promise of making a good player.
HIBERNIAN CONVENTION TO-DAY
The "Board of Erir/* Will Probably
Be Allowed to Die.
At Vallejo to-day will be held a special
State convention of the A. O. EL Board
of Erin. The main object of the meeting
will t.c t<> consider the report of a com
mittee appointed to formulate a plan for
amalgamation of the organization with
the A. O. H. <-f America,
The Ancient Order of Hibernians'
Board of Erin, as the order Is styled, is
open for membership only to people born
in Ireland, and it goes without saying
that in time it would naturally "die out"
anyway. Furthermore, there is a grow
ing feeling In the membership that the
order is un-American and it is thought
i" be time for its discontinuance.
The plan of amalgamation above re
ferred to is the suggestion of Bishop
Mi S.n-.l of Trenton, N. J.. to whom the
ization appealed for ailviie in its
:.try. It is thought that the propo
sition will be readily accepted by the
<i< legates to all the State conventions of
the order and that the union with the
larger and more powerful organization
will be effected without serious opposi
tion.
The State Floral Society
The election of officers for the coming:
year took place at the annual meeting of
the State Floral Society yesterday. The
most of the afternoon was taken up dis
cussing the feasibility of having a floral
market at Union square during the Ju
bilee* and for this reason the usual busi
. ;is laid aside. All the old officers
were re-elected.
HEAVY STAKES
FOR THE
GREYHOUNDS.
The dissension disturbing 1 the Interstate
Cr urslng Club appears to have had little
effect on the sport itself. To-day's stake
at Ir'g!es!de is the biggest of its class
hung up and embraces a hl?h c)as3
entry of no less than fifty performers.
Ms' of them are flyers of well-known
quality, hut one or two are making their
first appearance. The sport, in cor.se
quence, bids fair to develop something
itlcnaL The running begins to-day
at 1 p. m.. and to-morrow at 11 a. m.
The added money to-day ($250) Is the
biggest amount ever hung up in a stake
of this class on the coast. The aggre
gate purse amounts to $375; the winner
of first revolving no less than $123. ■
Kay & Trant are running their entire
string to-<u.y. and among them Cartotta
is making her coast debut. Carlotta Is
one of the famous Robinson strir.f
brought out from St. Louis early last
rummer. Diamond Dick, Big Buck ar.d
Nelly Drley are also strangers to The
general coursing public.
"Billy"' Murphy, the well-known train
er, has taken up quarters in Los Angeles,
where he expects to show the southern
ers a few points in the game.
The drawing at Delta Hall Thursday
evening. was the best attended for many
months. The candidates entered, too,
might have been largely increased had it
been possible to run off a greater num
ber in the time allowed.
Henry Spring of San Jose was up dur
ing the week and is contesting for tc
day'a stake with Pat Malloy. Evidently
Santa Clara County, like San Francisco.
Is out for the sport whatever may be
the petty questions occasionally arising.
The likeliest looking candidates for to
day's run down arc ].: •■' Gowrie, Susie,
Pat Malloy. Vigilant, Seniinole, Sly Boy,
Myrtle, Diana, Fireman, Granuaie, Vic
tor, Bfoondyne, Leonora, Fireball, Tod
Sloan, Fleet wood, Count of Monte Cristo
Duke of Oakgrove. Carlotta, Black
Prince. Sylvia. Connemara, Counterfeit,
St. Lawrence and ball.
Communications have been received at
tills cilice directed to the sporting editor,
but as the writers omitted their names,
their letters cannot, consequently, be
given due notice In this department.
WILL TRY AND REMOVE
THE HOODOO TO-MORROW.
"Napoleon" Farcin's aggregation of
base runners, the California Markets, will
make another attempt to throw off the
hoodoo that has followed them since
winning the championship. Every effort
will bo made to win, but should they per
chance lose F;ip!n intends to make a deep
search and discover the Jonah. Some
people think that they are not playing
against a hoodoo, but a stronger team.
The Will &• Fincks are not believers In
luck, but will rely on their powei
fl< iders and batsmen to gain them a vic
tory. Following is a line up of both
teams:
California Markets. Will & Flncks
[berg Pltoher... Knell; Fitzpatri'ck
Stroecker Catcher Scott
Murphy First base Mertes
K. KniK Second base Johnson
Monohan Third base Tillson
H. Krug Shortstop Smith
Hearty Left field Muller
I'nyne Center Held .... Hllderbrandt
Bodle Right field Bliss
The Altos will play the White House
nine at the California League grounds,
Sixteenth and Folsom streets, to-morrow
at 2:30 p. m. Both nines have been
strengthened, and an interesting game
should result. Following is the line up of
the teams:
YYhelan. pitcher; Bodie, catcher;
Brockhoff, first base; Boradori. second
base: Pteifter, third base; Downing
shortstop; Morrison, left field; Crawford,
right field: Reisso, center field; Warn
holz. substitute.
Whit. I! use— Russell, pitcher; Eager,
catcher; Reed, first base; Bagan, m
base; Kelly. shortstop; McLaughlin;
third base; Barry, left field; Samuels,
right field; Beaton, center field; Murphy
and Ksogan, substitutes.
COUNTERFEITER KENDAL.
He Mad Three Charges Booked
Against HifD Yesterday.
J. R. Kend.il. nlla? K. E. Kerby, was
hooked at the City Prison yesterday on
charges of having counterfeiting tools in
his possession, having counterfeit money
in his possession and with passing coun
terfeit money. Chief Lees says that
Frank Ray. who is still in the "tanks."
is not in any way connected with Kendal.
He passed a counterfeit $5 gold, coin, and
i that is all that is known against him.
CYCLING CLUB
MEN ARE
BASEBALL FANS.
The bringing together of the cycling
and baseball sports has aroused intense
interest in wheeling circles. Such old
stand-by wheel enthusiasts as Judge Ker
rigan, Charley Adams, Plummer, Sheldon,
Stratton, Hadenfeldt. Wetmore. Wynne,
Swain. Coffroth, Egan and many others
prominent in the C. A. C. C, have devel
oped into baseball fanatics of the pro
nounced type. They have not missed a
game of the cycle series so far, and de
clare they never will.
The second series of games under the
Cycle Baseball League will be played
to-morrow, the following teams being
scheduled to play: Reliance Club Wheel
men vs. Olympic Club Wheelmen; Turn
Verein Cyclers vs. Bay City Wheelmen;
Olympic Cyclers vs. Acme Club Wheel
men.
The Bay Citys and Turn Vereins will
play at Centerville. The latter club will
come up from San Jose, and the Bay
Citys will go down on the S:3O a. m. broad
gauge boat, Captain Larkin having called
a club run for the occasion, thus carry
ing out the spirit of the league, which
is to foster interest in country runs. The
Bay City ball team will go to Newark on
the 8:16 narrow gauge boat, and wheel
from there to Centerville.
The Reliance-Olympic Wheelmen and
Acme-Olympic Cyclers games will be
played at the Velodrome grounds, the
former at 2:30 p. m.. and the latter at
12 o'clock noon. Both are expected to
attract a large crowd of "rooters." as
there is considerable club rivalry between
the teams.
The annual meeting of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen was held Tuesday even
ing with the fallowing result: President,
James W. Mullen; vice-president, Edwin
•ary, William Corbett;
rer, »;. F. Montealegre; cap
tain, William L. Loos; executive com
mit ic(>. John Elliott, Thomas Meherin,
William Mackle. The reports of officers
showed the dub to be in an exceedingly
prosperous condition.
R.<". Lennie is expected home in a few
days from his Eastern trip.
The road racing committee <">f the C A.
C, c haa been empowered to formulate
new rules to govern the annual relay race
hereafter. Trailers will probably be abol-
Two men from each club will be
allowed to alternate, or help one another
lon each relay. No out-of-town riders
, can l>«- Imported for this race. For ex
ample, a San Francisco club cannot enter
a man whose residence is in Santa Rosa,
whether he is a member of the San Fran
club or not. This is a move in the
direction.
M. Stratton, prominent In the
Olympic Club Wheelmen, will leave here
next Monday, for Chicago, where he will
permanently hereafter.
■ Ziegler Jr. has been riding exhibi
tions on a home trainer throughout the
with a theatrical troupe. While in
mento Jacob Hlrscb of the Capita]
City Wheelmen competed against him.
The. question now arises whether tnis
does not professionalize Hirseh and ren
der him liable to suspension by the C. A.
C. ' '. for competing with Ziegler, an L.. A.
W. man.
The Goodroads League Is going to
a paper shortly, to be published
two weeks, devoted to the Interests
of highways*
w dub has been recently organized
In Napa City, with forty members on the
charter roll. It promises to rival in im-
Ihe famous Vineyard Valley
Wheelmen of ten years ago.
Morgan ft Wright have offered to do
nate to the C. ▲. C. C. a trophy valued at
$125 for another relay race. The general
•;<•>■ la to refuse any alleged cour
i from this firm, however, as the
racing men have not forgotten the treat
ment they were accorded by Morgan &
Wright's racing manager. Dave Shafter,
daring the conduct of the Pavilion in
door tournament here last spring. Many
of the prizes were under value, and Han
dicapper Smyth's fees have not been paid
,\ hen complained to about it Morgan
k- Wright disclaimed any responsibility.
Now they are trying to square them
by offering a cheap trophy. The
association would do better by accepting
one from a home firm, of which many
have been offered. _, '
The officials of the C. A. C. C. have
been Invited to manage a race meet on
the Old Velodrome track, now erected at
Elmhurst. on the old San Leandro road,
on Washington's birthday, the 22a prox.
The matter has been taken under ad
vis, mi . , . ,
The National Racing Board will be in
c'.cver the coming season if the proposed
registration fee of $1 per racing man is
• l by the L. A. W. National As
bly. .
\ Western maker has so much confi-
In his judgment of what the future
holds In store that he announces a wheel
having a permanent gear-case built with
the machine so as to be an integral part
of it. H" claims that any one who has
ever learned the blessings of a clean
chain never discards a gear-case after
trying on< .
The next meeting of the ooard of gov
ernors of the C. A. C. C. will be* held
Saturday evening, February 5. at the
rooms of the Olympic Club Wheelmen.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen held their
annual election last Tuesday night, with
the following result: President. E. B.
Jerome; secretary. Fletcher Cornwall;
captain, A. P. Deacon: first lieutenant.
Will Robson; second lieutenant, W. M.
Ward.
Congressman de Vries is the sponsor of
a movement to construct a model high
way Into the Yosemite Valley. The lowest
grade of the Merced River is to be used.
It will be easy going for both cyclists
and teamsters, with a hard, smooth sur
face.
This sea-son racing men will pay their
own expenses. Makers are not bidding
for their services, and the prominent
riders of this country report a lack of
■
Rio Janeiro wants a party of riders
fr.>::i the States in March and offers in
Kpensea both ways on a six months'
contract. Night racing Is proposed, with
$70 bightly as a prize list. A month's
I>. >ard Is said t<> COSt $40, but clothing is
high. The t^wii lias an excellent track,
but is short >it' raring men. The Terrill
brothers have been t-> most every par: of
the globe. Why not try Brazil's climate?
H. W. SPALDIXG.
Shot at Each Other.
As the result of the shooting on Stock
ton street early yesterday morning Je
rome Bassity of the Alpha saloon and
Emil F. Somps were booked at the city
Prison yesterday on a charge of asssault
with a deadly weapon. Both were re
leased on bonds. The police claim that
Hassity fired at Somps and Somps re
turned the compliment.
NEW TO-DAY.
ror one reason
the neivous system < |_
waire*? b . c on s or another
account of what Is termed "female com-
plaints," life becomes a burden. Many think
tnat these pains and aches that wear women's
life down with nervousness and so rapidly
age them must be endured. But this is
not true. Headaches, sleeplessness, leek
of energy, nervous prostration, despond-
ency, weariness, neuralgia, are all dis-
■Y |j*| • pe!led, and nervous,
Dr. Miles atllag wom en "c re-
LTI • liailC^ stored to health br
ccf r ee,k, k Restorative Nprvinf*
address, ''ci vine
A>fc, MitES MEDICAL JCO.. Elihart^Jpd^
ROWING CLUBS
PREPARE
FOR REGATTAS.
The outlook for rowing has never been
brighter. At the last meeting ot the
South Ends the following new officers
were installed: President. Edward Scully;
vice-president, John D. Mahoney; secre
tary, James P. Foley; financial secretary.
Matt J. Breen; treasurer, Joseph O. Day;
captain. William Thomas; vice-captain,
Alex McGeorge; collector, George G. Fox;
board of trustees— Joseph Foley, William
Barry, William Mead, Dr. C. C. Dennis
and Joseph Lyons; sergeant-at-arms,
James Pallas.
The cold weather has little effect in
keeping the South End members away
from the clubhouse. Last Sunday morn
ing over thirty-five members row<»d away
from the boathouse in barges, skiffs and
shells.
A crew, composed of Joe Lyons, T. I.
Fitzpatrick, George Fox and James Fee
han, rowed over to the Dolphin boat
house, and on the return home they en
countered rough water and a strong tide,
which made things lively and interesting.
The South Ends 1 new handball court
will be an attractive addition to the club.
Although unfinished, it gives signs of
surpassing any court in this city. Such
experts as Janvs C. Nealon, Jack Bonnet,
AJ Hampton and James McElroy have set
the stamp of their approval on it by offer
ing their nami s tor membership, and they
will undoubtedly be voted in at the next
meeting.
The dolphins' pretty and commodious
boathouse no longer rests on water, as
Contractor Sullivan moved it. back sixty
feet, and it makes an attractive picture
sheltered by trees and shrubbery.
The Dolphins will open their season
next month, when Pape and Patch w:,l
compete in the last race of the series for
the club's diamond medal. Patch suc
ceeded In carrying it off once, while Papa
has won it twice.
On the same day the club will inaug
urate a race among the junior oarsmen ot
the club the winner to receive a gold
medal offered by Judge Treadwell. To
become its possessor, it will have to be
won three times.
Next Saturday night the officers will
banquet the members at Zinkand s, and
on the following day a picked team will
essay the national game with the ArieiS
At the last meeting of the Alameda
Boat Club the following officers were
elected for the ensuing term: President,
<\ H. Smith; vice-president. W. G. Han-
Ben; secretary. W. B. Hinchman; treas
urer J S. Scott; Captain, A. Webb;
lieutenant-captain. Edward Hunter; ser-
Leant-at-arm's. Jules Hartman; executive
Voard— David Greenleaf. K. B. Haddo. k,
George H Miller: coach, S. J. Pembroke.
The Alamedas have given Rogers an or
der to build a $350 barge.
MESSENGERS CAME
TO THE RESCUE
A Fair and Belated Western
Union Operator Who
Was Insulted.
Three Gallant Boys Thrashed tho
Ruffian and Drove
Kirn Away.
Three messenger boys who work In
the Western Unton Telegraph office on
Market street, under the Grand Hotel,
performed a gallant act a few nights
ago, when they drubbed a ruffian who
had insulted a lady at the crossing op
posite the office.
The victim of the insult is herself a
Western Union operator, and was on
her way to take the last Valencia street
car when accosted by the man. Fear
ins for her safety she went to the office
opposite Montgomery street, and asked
the service of a messenger to escort her
to her car.
After she had left the office with the
boy the other attaches learned of the
difficulty, and three of the youngsters.
none over M years of age. started out
to investigate. They found the loafer
standing on the ec-rner. and promptly
attacked him. Finding himself out
numbered, the fellow took to his heels
and ran down Second street to Mission,
where he was overtaken by the three
messengers and hammered into a state
of complete subjection.
The boys modestly decline to tell any
thing of their adventure as knight er
rants, except by significant winks, and
the fair c-perator has not been bothered
since.
The Wasp This WeeK
This week's issue of that always bright
weekly, the Wasp, is a particularly in
teresting issue. The Rev. Edwards Davis
is the individual discussed in the "Plain
Talks to Public Characters." and the ar
raignment of that ministerial gentleman
is caustic in the extreme. A leading
article on the lack of proper coast de
fenses affords thinking men subject for
thought, and the various departments —
music, financial, personalities, theatrical,
- the X Ray, etc. — are more tnan.
ordinarily cleverly written. The cai
features are good, particularly the one
suggesting a triumphal arch to "be erected
during the Golden Jubilee. Politicians,
doctors, business men and society folk—
in fact any one— will find much entertain
ment in this week's wasp.
NEW TO-DAY.
ACavalryman's Experience
Chris. Jensen, of Troop D, 6th Caval-
ry, U. S. A., Easily Vanquishes a Foe.
Fort Robimon, October 13, 1897.
EureVa Chemical and Mnfg. Co., La Crosse.
Gentlemen: Baco-Curo has certainly done
all you claim for it in my case. I have ab-
solutely no desire for the narcotic, in fact
when anyone is smoking -where I am, the
odor is unbearable to me. Your remedy is
•wonderful, and I have recommended its use
to several other soldiers and they are going
to give it a trial. I think that if I ever get
to using tobacco again it will be learning
the habit over again. I have not the lease
desire for tobacco and I regard myself as en-
tirely cured Yours truly. - :.- ;
CHRIS. JE\'SE>
6th Cavalry, Troop D, Fort Robinson, Neb.
The wonderful part of a cure from BACO-
CURO is that it removes every trace of nico-
tine from the system, leaving it as free from
the narcotic as it was before the first smoke
or chew. Write for proofs of cures. We give a
■written guarantee to cure permanently any
case with three boxes, or relund the inonev
60c. or .$1 a box, three boxes (guaranteed
cure) $2.50. Druggists everywhere or
EUREKA CHEMICAL AND MNFG CO
LA CROSSE. WIS. Ul CO "
! HAVE YOU. Sore Throat. Pimples. Copper- D
Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores. Ulcers I
In Month. Hair-Falling? Write COOK REM- X
EDY CO., t21%t 21 % MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-|
_> C-AGO, ILL., for P roota ot cures. Capital G
| HOU.UIU, Worst cases cured In 15 to So days, r
& ll»-page book free. g
I A PERMANENT 'CURE I
> of the most obstinate cases Of Gonorrhea 5
* ami Gleet, sruaranteed in from 3 to 6 C
C days; no other treatment required. 5
5 • Sold by all drupi*ists sBOXING STILL
AT A DISCOUNT
Supervisors Refuse Per
mits for January and
February.
Sharkey and Jeffries Will Not
Meet and George Green
Is Matchless,
Chinese May Bury Their Dead in the
City Cemetery Until the First
of April.
Tho Health and Folice Committee of
the Board of Supervisors had a lively
time yesterday with boxing and burial
permits. Several clubs that have ar
ranged fights for the near future were
applicants for permission, but all were
refused to hold their entertainments
during the present month and the next.
The National Club had arranged for
a match between Bharkey, the pride of
the navy, and Jeffries, the Los An
geles giant, for a date during this
month, and had a representative at
the meeting of the committee.
It was decided, however, to shut off
all permits for January, and i
quently the two knights of the fistic
art will not meet In the roped arena.
The tal Clv)) was also an ap
plicant for a permit, having arranged to
# ive a match between
February 20 and 25, but the. prohibi
committee extended even to
month, ami the club was refused
th" privilege of holding an exhibition
T'n!- ss the committee relents boxing
Will soon be a back number among the
sports In vogue in San Francisco, and
the small clubs that are nourishing in
Interior towns will benefit by the
chang
The Chinese, who have been unable
so far to secure a burial ground out
side the city limits, induced the com
mittee yesterday to extend the prohi
bition against burials in the City Cem
etery until April 1.
It was represented to the committee
tt would be unjust to compel the
-■•cure n burial
ground at short notice, and t!
■•ere allowed time they would be
willing to forego any further burials
within the city limits.
The committee took the ground that
It would be unwise and unjust to
force the matter arbitrarily, and 11
finally decided to grant the request of
extension.
It is expected that a vigorous pro
test will be filed by the Richmond res
idents when the matter comes I
the full board, and that Mayor Phelan
w-ill veto the measure if it comes with
in his province to do so.
TO BE A MERCHANTS' CLUB.
The Revival of the PolK-Street
Improvement Club Means
More Business.
By the revival of the Polk Street Im
ment Club an Innovation will be
Introduced into the membership of the
same Heretofore, In all of the improve
ment clubs in this city, not only business
mt-n but property owners and. in fact,
A CONVICT VERBALLY ASSAILS A JURIST.
"Thanks' Once a man; twice a child.
You're a child. It's a pity you could
not have given judgment of death. How
I would like to hit that old !"
These words, uttered with Vicious em
phasis by William Clayton, a convicted
robber, and directed to Judge Wallace,
who was seated on the bench in his
courtroom, followed a minute later by
a d< -operate attempt on the part of the
prisoner to hurl a pair of heavy steel
handcuffs at the venerable head of the
jurist, caused several minutes of wild
excitement yesterday morning. Clay
ton was up before Judge Wallace for
sentence, and the court had just con
cluded bis words which will place the
robber in Fotoona prison for life, when
he dramatically hurled a slur at the
gray hairs of the Judge and attempted
to follow it with the handcuffs.
The prisoner was arrested in August
of last year for having, in company
with William Price, robbed L. J-
Knight, who resides at 707 Mission
street, of a watch and chain. It was at
9:30 in the morning wh^n the robbery
took place. Knight was in his bed
asleep when he was awakened by loud
rapping on his door. He asked who
was there, but before he could rise and
open the door it was broken open and
three men rushed in. One of them
every resident in tho vicinity, irrespec
tive of property holding, was admitted.
This condition of representation was
found to be unwieldy and unprofitable so
far as the Polk street club was con
cerned, hence It was decided to change
from a representative membership to
one of purely business, or in other words,
merchants will be the only constituents.
By this means it is considered by those
getting the club up on the new basis
that the members will have the co-oper
ation of the Merchants' Association be
hind them in pushing any movement ad
vocated for the betterment of that sec
tion of the city.
Since Van Ness avenue has been de
clared a boulevard the business on Polk
street is bo hemmed in that the traffic
from the western part of the city as also
the northern Bide is circumscribed by
metes and bounds not. as they consider,
In keeping with the spirit of progress.
To remedy this condition it is proposed
to cut the hogsback on Polk street and
thereby give a direct outlet to the north
ern part of the city and more directly
to the wholesale part of the city front.
Since Bay street has been graded and
paved from Jones to Van Ness avenue
a direct and short route is made prac
ticable from Polk street to water front
as soon as the cut Is made. Litigation
in the Fair estate has kept the work
behind up to the present time, but a.s
soon as the Merchants' Club gets fairly
started the contractor for cutting day
light through Polk street will be noti
fied to proc< ed
The club which is about to ha rpvived
on this new basis is one of the first of
its kind started in this city, and from
it all the other improvement clubs took
their cue in Illuminating the streets by
electric lamps swung over the center of
the street.
A SOLDIER'S WIFE
PASSES AWAY
Mrs. Brigadier-General Shafter
Died Yesterday at
Fort Mason.
Stricken With Paralysis a Few Days
Ago While Attending a Cen
tury Club Meeting-
Mrs. W. R. Shatter, wife of Brigadler
■ ■ a Shatter, commander of the De
partment of California, died yesterday at
her home at Fort Mason. Tho cause of
death was paralysis. The decease/! was
taken ill on Wednesday on lea\ I
ng of the Century Club, of which
she was a member, and she gradually
sank until death came.
About two years ago Mrs. Shaftor was
taken 111 with the B Be and for
a time her life was despaired of, but she
slowly recovered, and it was thought all
danger from the <lr«;ul disease had
passed. She enjoyed the i>'-st of health
for months afterward ami the c >n.l at
tack came on suddenly and unexpectedly.
She fell to the sidewalk a moment after
she left the meeting of the club and did
not regain consciousness. Mrs. 8 i
was the mother of Mrs. AY. H. McKlt
tri k of rtakersfield.
The funeral will take place to-morrow
afternoon a.t 2 o'clock. The services will
:. ducted by the Rev. Horatio Steb
bins, D.D., and Chaplain Macondray of
Angel Island. The interment will be in
the National Cemetery at the Presidio.
Lecture on Indulgences.
The first of the series of lectures to be
given under the auspices of the Catholic
Truth Society will be delivered by the
Rt-v. Peter C. Yorke at Mangels' Hull.
Twenty-fourth and Polsom sti
Thursday evening, January 27. The sub
ject will be "Indulgences." Adm
will be by ticket, to be obtained on ap
plication at the Monitor offli
Btreet; room 129, Parrott building, and at
drug store, Valencia and
streets. Richard J. I>.iwdall and Paul B.
Hay are in charge of the arrangements.
Arrangements are being made for the
first annual convention <.f the Catholic
Truth Society, whi.-h win be held next
month in Metropolitan Hall. The sessions
will be held in the evening and will con
sist of lectures and business meetings.
hurled him back on the bed and pre
vented him from shouting, while the
others went through his clothes and
relieved him of his property. The rob
bers then made their escape.
Subsequently Price and Clayton were
arrested for the crime, and as the case
against them was strong, Price, rather
than stand trial, pleaded guilty to a
charge of grand larceny. He was later
sentenced to ten years in prison. Clay
ton, however, refused to plead guilty,
and went to trial. On his arraignment
Clayton admitted a prior conviction on
a charge of petty larceny, which was a
very rash step, as this assured him
life imprisonment in event of his con
viction on the charge of robbery
against him, and then he realized the
seriousness of his mistake in admitting
a prior conviction. When he appeared
for sentence yesterday morning his at
torney asked the court to allow the
prisoner to withdraw his admission of
a prior offense. Judge Wallace denied
the request. Then the trembling pris
oner, in hopes the court would recon
sider his request, stated that no wea
pon was used in the commission of the
robbery.
"I cannot help how the crime was
committed," said the court. "The crime
is one of robbery, and as there is a
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CAIX, SATUBPAY, JAXUAEY 15, ISOB.
GUNS WILL GREET
THE JUBILEE SUN.
The boom of heavy guns will herald
i the rising of the Jubilee sun. From
I every fort and battery around the bay
: of San Francisco the roar and smoke
: of cannon will greet the opening of the
! great day. Orders have been issued
; that a national salute of twenty-one
guns must come from every military
post about the harbor, and the red
i beams cutting the sky over the Oak
i land hills will be welcomed with such
! a medley of fire, smoke and thunder as
I has not been heard on the peaceful wa
itrs of the bay for many years. The
salute has been ordered for sunrise, and
right martially will it usher in the fes
tal day.
It was and still Is the intention to
have an exhibition of heavy artillery
! practice, but it will depend on the
amourtt of money cm hand, and at pres
ent the prospects for such an event are
not brilliant. It is twenty-one years
I since a public exhibition of what the
harbor defense guns are capable of do
ing was given, and the plan to put the
big batteries in play will not be drop
ped unless under compulsion. The nec
essary permission from the War De
partment has been obtained, and the
lack of funds is the only difficulty.
The day will close with a grand ball
given by the Native Sons of Pacific
Parlor In Native Sons' Hall. Tho grand
march will be ordered for a quarter to
? o'clock, and when it will end is a
question only to be solved by those
who have to leave. All the grand offi
cers of the order will be present, and
the whole affair will be one of the most
; brilliant events of the Jubilee week.
| The Governor, too. has given notice
that this morning the proclamation de
claring January 24 a legal holiday will
be issued, and with that assured the
success of the day is made certain.
For the first time in the history of
the State The regulars and the miii
i tia men will meet in friendly rivalry,
ii"t on the parade ground, but on the
athletic field. There has been a grow
ing interest taken in the athletic con
tests at the Presidio, and for an event
of the week of festivities it has been
: decided to bring the amateur and the
professional soldier together for honor
and glory and incidentally some prizes
of considerable value. The events in
which the citizen soldiery will take part
I will include football and baseball
mutches and a tug-of-war. Teams for
these are already in active practice;
they will also enter the runs and
sprints, the military events whenever
possible and the militia troopers may
! even enter against their hardened ad
versaries of the yellow strip, s and
plumes and risk life and limb In their
endeavor to demonstrate their own pro
ficiency.
The flower show, too, Is now almost
assured. Yesterday afternoon the
- in whose charge the affair had
been lefi appeared before the
Floral Society and asked for the sap
port of the individual members. It was
freely granted and before the meeting
adjourned the flower society was near
ly as enthusiastic over the project as
the California Club.
The ladies stated that the hardesi
part of the undertaking had been ac
complished inasmuch as they had se
cured the permission of the Supervi
sors to use Union Square and Mayor
prior conviction against you I have no
alternative but to order that you be
imprisoned in the State Prison at Fol-
BOm for the term of your natural life."
The convict lowered his brows and
grasped the rail of the dock, for an In
stant unnerved. Then with delibera
tion, his voice ringing in anger, he
said:
"Thanks! Once a man; twice a
child. You're a child. It's a pity you
could not have given judgment of
death. How I would like to hit that
old 's head:"
Judge Wallace made no answer, and
Bailiff Curtis ordered the prisoner
within the dock. Clayton turned and
saw the handcuffs. Quick as a flash
he grasped them, but before he could
hurl them at the object of his hatred
he was seized by Curtiß and disarmed.
"You can't do that here," paid the
bailiff, as he forcibly placed the hand
cuffs on the wrists of the prisoner.
As he was led from the room the
criminal turned to Curtis and said
"lf it hadn't been for you I'd have laid
him out sure."
This closed the exciting episode and
the courtroom frequenters who haunt
the criminal departments in morbid
curiosity felt that they had been re
warded for the time expended within
the walls of the criminal courtroom.
Phelan promised them that the booths
should be covered over with canvas in
sections 100 by 225 feet.
They intended to invite all the florists
to take part. No rent will be charged
for the space and no commission asked;
all the florists will have to do is to
bring their flowers and sell them and
any money realized In this manner will
go to the florists themselves.
Three prizes will also be offered to
the florist or florists who have the larg
est exhibit. The first will be $50, the
second $30 and the fourth $20; diplomas
may also be given.
The Native Daughters met in the
headquarters last night and discussed
plans for the Native Daughters' ban
quet, which will be held on Native
Daughters' Day. It was decided that
the tables would be spread in the ban
quet room of the Native Sons' Hall and
the reception would be held in the main
hall.
The Pan Francisco Scheutzen Verein
also held a meeting, and appointed H.
M. Wreden and E. Algeltinger aids to
the grand marshal: W. Gams Jr. and
John Lankenau were appointed special
aids of the division. The Verein will
turn out 160 strong, and all will b* in
the distinctive uniform of the organ
isation. As the Verein is the oldest
German society in the city, it will have
the head of the division of German or
ganizations.
The Pan Francisco Boys' Club Asso
ciation will parade under the command
of Lieutenant G F. Seitz as an escort
to i:i Dorado Parlor, N. 8, <;. w. The
boys will appear in uniform and wear
ing Bworda, and they will go through
such fancy movement! as will not in
terfere with the pnrgress of the col
umn.
The Master Plumbers have announc
ed that they will parade with a float,
the design of which is as yet shrouded
in mystery.
The Associated Veterans of the Mexi
can War have decided to participate in
the parade Between 40 and 50 of the
members, who will turn out with their
banners in carriages, will be accorded
a prominent position in the line.
Colonel J. 1?. Moore has been appoint
ed marshal, and W. T,. Duncan will act
I as aid to Grand Marshal Morse.
Additional aids to the grand mar
shal have been appointed as follows:
By Madera County: P. C. Rossi. D.
S. Dam. W. A. Hilrner. E. E. Wllcox
and c. J. Kubanks.
By Ban Joaquin Cotmty: "William B.
Natter and P. EL Lane of Stockton.
By Marin County: Thomas H. Estey
and Charles A. Lauff.
The subscriptions to date are:
Previously mad<* public, $12,950 SO; ad
ditional Bubscrlptions: Neastadter
. jr.O; Sachs Bros., |69; Paraffine
Paint Co.. %-'<: Greenbaum, Weil &
Michels, 125; P-ornh-Mm & Blum, $10;
■al N. P. Chipman, HO; Hincon
Parlor. No, 72. N. S. «;. W., $lt">; Adol
phus O. Russ. | American Type
Founders Co., HO; -ash. $10; smaller
amounts, $41.
A Promising Commonwealth.
Rabbi Voorsanger, in his I- -ture last
night. ref.-rred to I •• Jubil. •• and t"
dfie of the causes Which has made it
blfc The city and State, he said,
is approaching a season of celebration
«rf which it may well be proud, and
then, in analyzing the growth of the
city and State to its present position,
where such a celebration may be plan
ned and executed, he cited as the pri
mary factor the tide of immigration
which had swep4 westward to the
shores of the Pacific.
Immigration, he said, is governed
first by the law of necessity, and then
by the search for gain, and then with
this as his theme he described the mi
grations of the tril • i \^i a in the
Biblical ages, and of the nations of Eu
rope and Northern Africa describing
the effect on civilisation of each and
telling: the causes which drove them to
wander.
The great tide of immigration to this
country began in IS4R. he said and
from then to the present the march of
civilization here had been as great as
that of Europe had been in centuries
The search for new fields was one rea
son for this, he continue.], and tht» dia
cover? of gold was another. These had
brought to these shores a tide of popu
lation which had made this "one of the
most promising commonwealths it has
pleased God to call into existence."
THE FAIR SEX
IN BLACK FACE
The Columbian Lady Minstrels
Present a Clever Per
formance.
Great Success of the Entertainment
Given by Tha Nntive Sons
of Vermont
Mr.st attractive and entertaining was
the performance presumed by the Co
lumbian Lady Minstrels at Odd Fellows*
Hall in behalf of the Native Sons of
Vermont at their regular monthly gaher
lng last night. The hall was filled to re
pletion and the curtain rose on a first
part which was at once novel and pic
turesque. It disclosed to view some
twenty-five young ladies i n dainty t.-n
nls costumes, with faces blackened in
the most approved minstrel style, the
Interlocutor being an "Auntie"' The
end ladjes handled the tambourines md
bonea like professionals and their comic
songs, with negro titles, were exceedinelv
well rendered, and their jokes, some of
which were original and others ab-orie
lnal, were told with the best nnmmiM*
effect. The sentimental soloists were es
pedally pleasing In the rendition of their
numbers and earned well-merited an
plause. In fact, all the performers were
well received and encores were the rule
The programme contained the assumed
names of the company, who for reasons
best known to themselves desire their
identity to remain unknown Amone
others were Top«y Whitehead, so named
probably because It was black and
Amanda Snow, named for a similar re»
son. Curly Cute, Sfillie White Ernm-i"
Nevada and Christine Nellson. The pro
gramme had this notice: "The company
is composed of well-known singers
among whom are the Misses Rose Rro(i '
ertck, Brsklne. Patterson. Phillips HoDe
Mosber and Mrs. Emily IfcKenste "
When Melinda Jones said that "love
was the only thing that the Southern Pa
cific did not control" the audience rose
to the occasion and realized the trite
saying that "many a truth is said in
Dancing concluded the evening's pleas
ure, which was voted incomparable by
all who were fortunate enough to be
present.
Divorce Suits Filed.
George Monnler St., a Howard street
liquor man, has applied to the courts to
annul the marriage of his 19-year-old
son, George Monnier Jr., to Miss Violet
Henry. The complaint was filed In the
name of the younger Monnier, his father
acting as his guardian during litigation.
It states that the un;on Is null and void
owing to the fact that the youth did not
obtain the consent of his parents before
taking unto himself a wife, Dorothea W.
Guill has applied for a divorce from her
husband. William B. Guill, on tiic ground
of desertion.
KEEPING UP THE PACE.
Fred S. Adan)s Jr. of OaKland
Wanted for Defrauding an
Innkeeper.
Robert D. Hagerty of the Golden Gate
Villa, Ocean Beach, swore to a complaint
in Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Frederick S. Adams Jr. of Oak
land on a charge of defrauding an Inn
keeper.
Hagerty declares that Adams stopped kt
his resort for several weeks, during which
he ran up a bill amounting to $470. It in
cluded wine for his laay visitors and him
self, borrowed money and the feed and
care for his horses. Adams gave Hagerty
some diamonds as collateral security, and
on December 6, when he left the resort,
he got back his diamonds and gave Hag
erty instead a check for $470 on the Tal
lant Bank. The tueck was presented at
the bank, but was dishonored, as Adams
had no account there, and since then
Hagerty has been trying to get Adams to
pay him the amount.
Hagerty stated that he will swear to
another complaint to-day charging
Adams with passing a fictitious check.
Adams about two years ;iro came into
a fortune of STiO.OOO, on the death of his
father, and since, then he has been going
the pace. He married, was divorced
and had to pay the divorcee $5000.
NELLIE McHENRY
IN A NEW ROLE
Sings in the Streets of New Or
leans, Cleveland and
Denver.
Stopped the Cotton Market and Goj
Ten Dollars From
Hanna.
Nellie McHenry, the popular burlesque
and farce comedienne, has a new role in
her already extensive repertoire. She has
tried it in New Orleans, Cleveland and
Denver with unusual success, and hopes
to again play it in any city, town or
hamh-t that may need her assistance.
It is an original and novel role, and
although the work of no famous play
wright, it has attracted immense audi
ences. Miss McHenry has not only cre
sted but is responsible for the existence
of the new character. The part requires
no elaborate mlse-en-Bcenes, just a
street— a real, live street— a sympathetic
gathering, a hat and the actress herself,
singing merry. Jolly songs as only she can
sing them, and a deserving charity to
relieve her of the proceeds.
Miss McHonry first tried her new role
in the Cotton Exchange at New Orleans.
She sang "Isabella" with such chic that
the brokers neglected the business in
hand, the market was stopped anu the
city's poor were richer by a round (1000.
In Cleveland Miss McHenry repeated the
role with equal success and scored the
greatest triumph by gathering in her
ample hat a crisp $10 from the great
Hanna. On New Year's eve Miss Mc-
Henry repeated the successful undertak
ing in Denver and reaped a harvest o£
MOO.
of all the roles she has played. Miss
McHenry declares she has come to line
this one the best.
"It was a novel and altogether delight
ful experience.' 1 she said, "and the j>u.,r
have profited by it. So have I. I nave
learned new ways to conduct such a show.
and hope the next time 1 give the part
to gain more than the largest receipts
any -house has ever held."
Miss McHenry's limited engagement in
this city has prevented her appearing In
the fetching role here and coaxlni
dollars from the pot kets of the rich for
the benefit of the poor. But it Hpr i
ble that she will find opportunities for a
production In some other California city.
Attempted Suicide.
Mnsfpie Bruning, a middle-aged woman
living at 10 Elwood str*eet. attempted t..
commit suicide last evening at her home
by swallowing several tablets of bi-chlo
rl'de of mercury. She was discovered by
•:• r 14-year-old son, who notified Oflic.-r
Bropby, and the lady was removed to the
Receiving Hospital. It Is r.-ported that
Jealousy is the cause for the act. Mrs.
Pruning having found her husband in
company with another woman. She will
recover.
Blood Poisoned.
FEARFUL RESULT OF IMPROPERLY
TREATING AN ABSCESS.
Mrs. L. E. Browning of Pueblo Pain-
fully Afflicted From a Complica
tion of Diseases — Her Re
markable Fortitude.
From the Chieftain, PoeMo, Col.
The hurry and hustle of the. housewife
is extremely wearing upon the delicate
organism of womanhood. Her intense
earnestness in whatever she undertake*
tempts her constantly to go beyond her
strength.
Read the story of a Colorado woman as
told to our reporter: "Eight years ago,"
said she, "my husband died and I was
left with three children to care for and
educate. About two years ago I was very
sick with blood poisoning, caused by an
abscess that had not received proper
treatment. The disease for a time set
tled in my throat, causing me intense ag
ony. Then inflammatory rheumatism set
in. For four months and a half I was a
prisoner in my room. Most of the time
confined to my bed. My hands were swol
len so that I could not feed myself, and
the swelling in my feot nnd ankles would
have made walking impossible if I had
been strong enough.
"One day, after considerable treat
ment, my physician brought me a box of
pills.
" "You need a tonic,' he said, 'and
something that will act at once, and
this is the best medicine I know of for
that purpose.'
" 'Pills,' I exclaimed in surprise as he
opened the box and showed me the little
pink globes. 'These are Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills for Pale People.'
" 'Yeß,' he replied, 'but you ru>ed not
be alarmed, they are not physic, and my
word for it, they'll do you good.'
"Before I had been taking them a week
I noticed a great improvement in my
condition. Soon my rheumatism was
poiie I grf.w stronger each day, and now
am In th> best of health."
The lady was Mrs. L. E. Browning of
115* East Fourth street. Pueblo, Colo.
"1 consider Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for
Pale People," she continued, "the best
tonic I have ever known.
"A friend not long ago was telling me
of her mother, who is at a critical period
in her life. She had been subject to ter
rible fainting spells, and the whole fami
ly would work over her. l>r. Williams'
Pink Pills have not only stopped the
fainting spells, but given her so much
strength that she Is able to take up life's
duties again.
"I recommended the pills also to a
young lady, whose pale face made one
pity her. She looked as if there wasn't
a drop of blood in her body. She was t i
weak that she was not able to attend
school, but after taking Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills for a while she has gone back
to school, and. with her rosy cheeks and
bright eyes, she looks like another :<iri.
"(Bi*ned) MRS. L. E. BROWNING."
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
19th day of May, A. D. 1897.
GEORGE W. GILT., Notary Public.
Dr. William*' Pink Pills for Pale Peo
ple contain, in condensed form, all the
elements necessary to give new life and
richness to the blood and restore shat
tered nerves. They are also a specific for
troubles peculiar to females, such as
suppressions, irregularities and all forms
of weakness. In men they effect a radical
cure in all cases arising from mental
worry, overwork or excesses of whatever
nature. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are sold
In boxes (never In loose bulk) at 50 cents
a box or six boxes for $2 50, and may be
had of all druggists, or direct by mall
from Dr. Williams' Medicine Company,
Schenectady, N. Y.
NEW TO-DAY.
THIS IS THE BOTTLE.
/■»iiiu!Ui.Ml(k i |- "-f i i*-'i"'--' r i' .1
/iig|l And this is the
li^ll United States Gover-
n stamp of ap-
//*'O P - ma ' I *
/ li&i^l •' rf MADS ■" Kj * 1 Pll Ti
# I till proval s^ am the best
i kaS MADE W M I T I 1 1 I
ISI x? 4 P roVa
W : i^pi '/^&' whiskey in America,
RSkrar*^ The guarantee of
/J-B'i^l the government upon
the stamp over the
cork of each bottle of
B§J|||h "0. F, C." WHISKEY
|f ~~~^^^ is as follows:
j|jj) | 'H :|| under the supervision
i^Jj^ h Ij -of the United States
lfl^|lSMwl| Government, 100 per
L^Cid| cent, proof,"
i SPR^ G or ft 1| You can secure this
ip ,«o., l ..j|||i| superior whiskey from
l> D^.KE^i||| reliable dealers, in-
SHERWOOD & SHERWOOD.
. RAILBOAD TRAVEL. |
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC !
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. IMS.
8:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip I
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. «:30 ,
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SA.* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.:
12:45. 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Siturdaya— Extra tripe ,
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. S:4O. ,
E:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave  pfT,H»t Arrive
San Francisco. J OetT 24, i San Francl9Co -
Week 1 Sun- r-Jir'ation i Sun " i V '""" lt
Days. I days. ! Destination i d . ivs j fl^
7:30 a.m. S:ooa.m. Novato, 10:40 a.m.) 8:40 a.m.
8:30 p.m. 9:3oa.xn. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
5:10 p.m. & :00p.m. Santa Rosa. I 7 :35 p.m. | 6:'."! p.m.
Fulton.
7:30 a.m. ' Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburar,
Lytton.
I Geyserville,
B:JOp.m. 8:00 a.m. ' Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 1 6:22 p.m.
~ j aland and!
7 1 8 :00 a.m. I Ukiah. ] 7:Ssp.m. :22p.m.
7 :3Ua.in. ) | 10:2ia.m.
- :00a.m. Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m.:
:80p.m. I i_ 6:22 p.m.
7730 a.m. 8:00 a.m. Sonoma ilO:4oa.m.j 8:40 a.m.
and •
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. J 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7::* a.m. 8:00 a.m. ,-.,...„,..,,., 1 10 : 40a. m.j 10 :25 a.m.
8:a)p.m.|5:00p.m..! SeoastcpoL [ 7:35 p.m.: 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Ciover<iale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Si i ings, Saratoga £>►>: in^s, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell iAkc, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley*s Buck-
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
ell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullviile, Boonevllle,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Uaal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronlcls
building.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
11l 1111111111111 lIIIT CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
i^Gwfi SAN FR T V CISCO
[yS^HS^™ij CHICAGO.
Trains" leave from and arrive at Market-
; etreet Ferry.
San Francisco Ticket Office — Market st-.
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak- '■
land Office— lllB Broadway. Sacramento Of- j
flee— J st.
The Bent Railway— San Francisco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6.:*) p. m.,
Thursdays and Sundays; arrive St. Louis 7:09
a. m. Fridays and Mondays; arrive Chicago
SMS a. m., Fridays and Mondays.
DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet Smoking Cars anJ Pullman Palac*
Sleeping Cars.
This train carries First-Class Passengers
only, but no extra charge is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRESS, leaving daily at !
4:30 p. m.. carries Pullman Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping Cirs on fast time. Di-
rect connection in Chicago and Kansas City <
for all points East. ■ • • •
New rails, new ties, new ballast, new
I bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert
l and a country that interests by its varied and
i beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
! aenger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
mous dining-rooms. •
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. .
. From San Francisco. Commencing September
19. 1897.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:2s. •9:30.
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45, 3:45. *5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. in. -. .
SUNDAYS. '
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »S:oo. «10:00.
•11:30 a. m. ; «1:15, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked * run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS. •-■.'-•»' ;
t:?5 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. no.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
13, 189 T.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m.; 1:45 p. m
SUNDAYS— BXO. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:15 p. m
Special trips can be arranged fo' by applying
to THOS. COOK & SON. 621 Market st . San
Francisco, or telephoning Tavern of Tamalpals.
MUM'S f> D l l I R<l
£LIXIR OF WrlU 111
The pure essential extract from the native dnifr. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without «t» noxious elements. No sickness cf Mom . h;
no TOralt Jig } no cogtlvenws ; no headache. AUPragK'
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
MII'TIIKKX PACIFIC (OHI'AM.
(PACIFIC system.)
Tralm lento mm. hit «liif In nriiff at
NAN FRAN«:i.NC:«>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
lka y e — From Jaxuary 1, 1898. — ARRrva
•«:©OA~NiVs. San Jose and Way Stations... *8:43 a
7:0« a Kcr.icia. Boison and Sacramento. . . . 10:45 a
7:00 a Marys-wile, OrovilleanJ Redding via
Woodland 5:4.1
7:OOa Vaoaville nnd Rumsey B:4Sp
7:3Ua Martinez, Ban Itamon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoga ami Santa Rosa 6:15p
»;<»O» Atlantic Impress, Ogdeu and Hast.. 8:-»I>p
»::i«A Niles, S:in .luße. .Stockton, lone,
Sneraincnto, MarySTille, Chico,
Tch.ima :i::ti Ui-.l lilulT 4tlsp
•8:30 a Peters, Milton ami Oakdalc »7:15p
0:o«a New Orleans Kx|>recK, Merced, Ray-
mond, I'jfKiio, liakerslieM, SauM
Umliaira, l.ou AnyclcH, I>emin(!,
El Paso, Now Orleans anil East. 6i43p .
S:OO.v Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 12:1
•l:OOr Sacramento River Steamers "i»:00p
l:OOr Niles, San Jo«o and Way Stations.. J9:l»a
1 :SOp Martinez and Way Stations 7:4r>i>
a:«Or Livcrmorc, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia 4:13p
Livermore, San Jose, Niles »nd Way
Stations J10:15a
4:OOi- Kartinea, San Bainoa. Vallejo,
Napa, Culistogn, V.I Verauo and
Kitutii Uoaa 9il3a
4:0»p Bcnicia, Vacavilie, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Maryaville, Oro-
villc and HHCrauiento IO:4Sa
4t3op Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:13p
4:30p Latorop, Modesto, Merced, Bereuda,
Fresno. Mcjive (lor Kandsburg),
Santa Barbara and IKM AugeltiC.. 7:45 a
4i:iOp .Simtii I.- Koute. Atlunllo Kxpreas
for Mojiivo and Kast 6:43p
IJ3:SOp " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El .. ■ "
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Hock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East §10:15 a
«T3:3up "Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and Eaat §10:t5A
6:©or i:un»iir:iti Mail, Ogtteu and 1Ca8t.... 9:45 a
OrOOr Uay<r;u°(ls. NlltSHud San Jose 7:45 a
J 8: OOp Vallejo t7:45p
(1:00 p Oregon l'.xpr«Bg,Bacrniiieiito. Alarya-
vllle, Redding, Portland, Tiiget
Sdiiti.l mill I'.ast 8:1!>\
SA.N iiKASmtO AM) IIAVWAKUS LOCAL.
_ (Foot of Market Street.) _
i'"O:OOa"^ ' ( 7:T-3a
8:0oa Mcl rose. Seminary Park, lt * 9 A
iHJIt FltrlilMint. Klmimmt. WAlt
ill:OO.\ San l.e:iiiih-o, South San 15:1."5p
JI2SO °. M Lc»n<lro. tu.lillo, JJj|J*
'iS:UOp Lorenzo, Cherry 1 tl:l3p
•«:00p . , t3:43p
»:OOp *"<> G:lsp
3:30p Hay aril*. 1 : V >P
7:«0p . S:-S^i»
*:«Oi> i -Rung through to Niles. . £*5P5 P
9:00p { From Ni lea 10:501'
Hll»l3p>> ttrom]NlleB - [t»I3:OQp
COAM IHVISUIM (Narrow Wauge).
' (Foot of Market Street.)
■tI»A Newark, Centcrvillo.Siiii.Jose.Felton,
linulilcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations : Bi8»r
•StSSr Newark, C'cnterTillp, San Jose, New
Aliuaden, Felton, Uoulilcr Creek,
Snuta Cniz ami rrincipal Way
Stations «l©:.1«*.
4:13 - Newark, ,San Josoaml Los Gates ... O:2Oa
tll>43p Hunters' Excirsion, Sao Jose and
Way Stations . ;7:20p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSIN FRIIiCISCO — Foot of lark** Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:03 *2:33 t3:oof
•4:00 tS:OQ *e:00i-.M. '- :
from OAKUND— Foot of3rojdw»T.— "(i : oo 8:00 10:OOa.v.
t!2:00 »1:00 t3:00 ""3:CO 14:00 "3:03p.u.
' t'UAST m VISION (Uroad(iluge).
(Third and Townsend St 3.)
6:53 a San .lost* ami Way buttons (New
Almadcii Wednesdays only) 0:53 a.
9iooa Hun Jose, 'i'ri;» I'inos, Santa Cms,
I'acilic QrOTO, Paso llobles, San
I.iilm l!l'ls|»i. Ouadalupe, Surf and
rrlnctiial Way Btatioua 4:13p
lll:tO,\ SauJosunud Way .Stations «S:OOa
ll::i»A San J. 'SO ami Way Stations 8:»3a
•2:a»rSan Mat;-.., lledwood, Mcnlo Park,
Santa Clara, Kan .lose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Baata Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami Tacilic <iiovo *IO:4Oa
•»iisp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations *I>:*>«A
•4:13r San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:4 v
•5:00p San Joso and Principal Way Stations l:3Op
5:3»i- San Jose ami Principal Way .Statious 5:30p
B:»Op San Jose ami Way Stations 7:20p
1ll:43p San Jose anil Way Stations . 7:30p
A for Morning. V for Afternoon.
• eicepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
■H Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only-
% Mondays and Thursdays.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays. ' . \. ■ "
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIi
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1897, trains will run as
follows:
Southbound. j Northbound. ~
Passen- Mixed („„.,,, Mixed Passen-
ger ; Sunday i't 3 " oll3 - Sunday gar
Dally. Exo'ptd Excp'td Daily.
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
9:10 a.m.|12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:411 a.m. 3:60 p.m. Fresno J:3oa.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanford .:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15p.m. < 6:45 p.m. Vlsalla 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
I • Slopping at Intermediate points when required.
i Connections— btockton with steamboats at
! C. N. & I. Co., ' leaving San Francisco and
: Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced witli
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coulterville, etc. ;
j also with stage from Hornitos. Mariposa. etc.
at Lankershlm with stags to and from Maderau
dera. ■ -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated., KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50day.
$5 to JS week, $S to $30 month. Free bath«:
hot and cold water every room : I fire grates la
! every room; elevator runs all night.
910
COMME RCIAL WORLD.
SIMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat weak and dull. Barley firmer.
lata. Corn selling better.
Bran and Middlings advanced 60c.
No change In Hay.
Pink Beans higher.
Rice unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions as before.
Summer Vegetables In llpht supply.
Hutt.-r steady. E«gß lower and weak.
Poultry cat-y. Game about the fianie.
No change In Fresh or Dried Frulte.
ns steady.
Wool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Meats as usual.
QT'ICKSILVER TRADE.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port In 1897
were 18.000 flanks, against 15.55S in 1596 and
•1 1895 The exports last year were t>43B
flasks, rallied nt $193,200, against 12,144 flasks
at |428,300 In
EXTORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port In 1597
were $44,599,000. against $43,556,300 in 1R96. Of
last year's total $17,973,000 went to the United
Kingdom. $3,460,500 to the Eastern States.
$4,002,000 to China. $2.5!>4.500 to Japan, $1,679,000
to South Africa. $2,115,200 to Australia, $1,332,
000 to Mexico, $2,422,000 to Central America and
$4,513,500 to the Hawaiian Islands.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days; thr>3e underneath It, If any. the
amount of. rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
End hundredths during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature The wind "high" means high
barometio pressure and Is usually accompanied
with fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains "Lows" usually
Srst appear on th» Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
mark": curvature, rain south of Oregon I* im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. .
WEATHER REPORT.
rttOtb Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 14, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours ami seasonal rainfalls to
dnte. as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Pa«t This La«
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.10 lfi.W 22.53
Re>i Bluff 0 6.26 12.06
Paernmento 0 5.04 7.19 I
Pan Francisco ft * "'■ 11.11 !
Fresno 0 2.21 4.90 |
Pan Luis Obispo 0 2.40 9.63 I
L.-s Angeles 0 3. 75 7.68 i
Pan Di?go 0 3.1.1 6. 36 i
Yuma 0 l.o*; 4.63 i
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 51;
minimum. 41; mean, 46.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of hiprh pressure continues over
Utah. Nevada and Southern Idaho. The
pressure has remained nearly • • nary during
the past twenty-four hours over the Pacific
Slope. There has been a rapid rise over South
ern Idaho.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary on the Pacific Slope. In Southern
Idaho and in Wyoming there has been a
marked fall. The temperatures In California
are slightly below the normal.
Rain or snow has Hen over the northern
portion of the Pacific Slope. There has been
no rain in California south of Eureka.
A maximum wind velocity of 36 miles per
hour from the southeast is reported at Fort
Canby.
Forecasts made nt San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. Jan. 15, 1S98:
Northern California— Fair Saturday, except In
extreme northern portion, where showers are
likely to occur; continued cold weather; south
westerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Saturday, with
heavy frosts in the. morning; light northerly
wind?.
Nevada Cloudy Saturday in northern por
tion, fair in southern portion.
Utah— Saturday; continued cold, weather.
Arizona — Fair Saturday; probably heavy
frosts Saturday morning; continued cold
weather. ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Saturday,
but without rain: south westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tanialpals, taken
at 5 p. m. — Foirg-y: wind northwest. 12 miles;
temperature, 41; maximum temperature, 49.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— The course of to
day's stock market was decidedly irregular and
somewhat perplexing so far as a perception of
the general tone of speculation was concerned.
As the day progressed the lack of sustaining
power in the strength of special stocks which
has been the marked characteristic of the mar
ket for several days past came to be more and
more felt. The disposition to watch closely for
pigns of a reaction became more marked and
the final hour saw a very general throwing
over of holdings by professional trader*. There
was no special news to account for the break,
and it was probably due for the most part to
technical conditions. Stocks which have been
recently prominent for strength were con
spicuous in to-day's break by reason of profit
taking. ' There was a feeling of more or less
uneasiness also over the tone of the news from
Havana in regard to what is expected rather
than what has happened. The fear that the
Spanish Government's scheme of reform is on
the point of breaking down is coupled with the
apprehension that the time is imminent when
intervention by the United States to save the
Island from anarchy will be imperative. The
persistence of Sugar, a more or less dominant,
factor by reason of the volume of trading In It.
also helped to break the market. There was a
good foreign demand and commission house
orders, especially for investment demand In the
gilt-edged railroad stocks. The Vanderbilts,
• Union Pacific anil the Northern Pacific stocks
were not lacking in continued strength, but
the profit taking invited by the advances In
special cases only served to Increase the late
weakness of stocks which had failed to benefit
from the early strength. Covering by shorts
served to relieve part of the decline, but net
losses of a point or over are frequent all
' through the list. Money tried to become some
.■what easier. to-day without any actual change
made in the posted rates for call loans. There
was a brisk demand, however, for commercial
paper, which drove the rates down to a ran^e
of 3 to 4 per cent for the choice grades. To
morrow's bank statement will show . a large
Increase in the holdings.
. The bond market was active early In the day,
but became less active and reacted slightly
In the later dealings. Union Pacific and con
necting lines issues were strong. Seattle, Lake
Shore and Eastern firsts trust receipts rose
VA per cent, but lost part of that. Other ac
tive issues showed gains. Total sales, $4,260.
000. ■'
United States new 4s registered were % low
er bid; do coupon and the old 4s registered Vi
lower and the 2s 14 higher.
Total sales of stocks to-day, -487,600 shares.
Including: Atchlpon preferred, 463. >; Canadian
Southern, 43'"' 1 : Chesapeake and . Ohio, 3150;
Burlington. 21,900; Louisville and Nnshville,
8350: Manhattan, 49,220; Michigan Central, 10.
165; Hawaiian Commercial Company, 5S0O;
Reading preferred, 4160; Missouri Pacific, £530;
New York Central, 24,231; Northern Pacific, 31,
940; Northern Pacific preferred, " 20.197: Rock
bland, 10,106; St. Paul, 23,503; Union Pacific,
tf.'oO: Chicago c.rcat Western, li.n-o; People's
Qm, 23,70iJ; Sugar, 61.110; Western Union, 4960.
LONDON MARKETS. .
i NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— Evening Port's
London financial cablegram: After a quiet
and dull opening, the stock markets were gen
j erally good to-day, a flllp being given by the
collapse of the engineering strike and the
declaration of a good dividend by a leading
English railway company. A feature continues
to be Argentines, which are booming. Kaffirs
were dull after a period of firmness. The pub
lic still refrain from dealing In American Sugar
and the outlook here In that depart
ment is distinctly favorable. There are signs
that on realizations old holding* are steadily
decreasing, while the professional buying is of
a strong kind. New York Centrals were es
pecially good. Bonds are steadily absorbed.
. The supply Is scarce and if the New York sup-
I port continues an actual boom is not Improb
able.
Grand -Trunks and Canadian Pacifies again
rose sharply.
The new Indian currency measure will be
come operative on the 21st lnst. It will con
tinue for six months.
Gold is In good demand. ! Over £1.000,000
is on the way here, but It will all go to the
Continent.
Discount houses have lowered th.Mr deposit
rates to-day M per cent. The excessive ease
in money, however, was much In evidence.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 124|St P & Om 764
Do pref 3"»~ i Do pref 14S
Bait & Ohio .... 13 St P M A M 121
Can Pacific 874 jSo Pacific 21
Can Southern .. 54 ISo Railway 9
Cent Pac 11', Do pref Sl4
Ches & Ohio .... 22*» Tex & Pac US
Chi & Alton 1664 Union Pac 31»» ;
C B & vj 100V-* r p D & o 9'i
Chi & E 111 56 Wabash 7\
CC C St L 34% Do pref 194
Do pref 80 Wheel ALE.... 3 (
Del Hudson 112 Do pref U\.
Del L & W 151 Expifr-s Companies—
Den & R G 12 | Adams Ex 159
Do pref 47»g I American Ex 11S4
Erie (new) 14 V United States ... 40
Do Ist pref .... 3S»» Wells Fargo 110
Ft Wayne 169 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor t>ref .... 132 A Cot Oil 214
Hocking Val 6 Do pref 754
Illinois Cent .... 1064|Amn Spirits '%
LaKe Erie & W.. 17 | Do pref IS
Do pref 72 jAm Tobacco ... 89V*
Lake Shore 178 I Do pref 116
Louis & Nash .. People's Gas .. 96? 4
Manhattan L 117 V Cons Gas 179
M.-t St Ry 133 j Com Cab Co 175
Mich Cent 105 V Col F & Iron .... 25Vi
Minn & St L.... 25 ' Do pref 70
Do Ist nref .... 854 ' Gen Elec 8444
Mo Pacific 34 Illinois Steel 49
Mot> at Ohio 29 Laclede Gas 47 1 *
Mo X & T 12% Lead KM
Do pref K% Do pref 106%
Chi Ind & L.... 9VNat Lin Oil 18% :
Do pref Sl* Or Imp Co 214
■ N J Cent 954' Pacific Mall 304 j
I N V Cent l'ullman Pal 175
; N V Chi A St L. 14 : Silver Cert 674
Do Ist pref .... 65 j Stan R & T 4
Do 2J rref .... 36 Sugar 135*;
Nor West 14 i Do pref 112
No Amer Co .... 4%:T C & Iron 26H j
No Pacific 24»(,'U B Leather .... 6*4
Do pref 63% Do pref 63*» ■
' Ontario & W ... 15% U S Rubber :"•'
i Or R & Nay .... 41V Do pref 634
, Or Short Line .. 204 West Union 914
Plttsburg 16541 c & N W 102»«. ;
Reading 224! Do pref IKS*
Do Ist pref .... 51»i!St LAS W 4
I Rock Island 90 i Do pref P4
St L A S F 74 R G W 22
Do Ist pref f.74i Do pref II
Do Id pref ?■■.■« Chi G W IS%
\ St Paul 95%' Haw Con Co .... ZO\
Do pref 1444'
CLOSING BONDS.
V S new 4s reg.. 12»%|N J C 5s 111%
Po coup 1294 IN Carolina 6s ..Its
0 S 4s 112 VDo 4s lOHi
Do coup ::4 ; » No Pac lsts 117
Do Ids 100 Do 3s 624
VS 5s reg ...... 114*; Do 4s •■.;^
Do 5s coup 114\ INY C & L - 106 7 »
District 3 60s .... 116 Nor &W 6s 123
Ala class A .... 107 Northwstrn con.. 145
Do 15 107 Do deb 6s 1174
Do C 100 11 Nay lsts 114
Do Currency .. 100 jO Nay 4s 94\
Atohlson 4s 9U; O S Line 6s tr.. 1244
Do adj 4s 5"» 'OB Une Ss tr.. 974
! Can So 2ds 10SVO Imp l«ts tr 10.".
! 'hi Term 8.-.V Do sa.tr ... 434
! C & Ohio Is .... 114 ! Pacific 6s of 95.. lO3>;'
C « • D 445.... 104%; Reading 4s ... S4
I D & R G lsts.... 10SV Ft G W lsts .... 834
D & R G 4s .... 904 S 1. A I M C 55.. 901*.
East Term lsts.. IW>V S L & s F O Is . 117»;
Erie Gen 4r .... 71VSt P Con . 140
F \V D lsts tr.. 73 iSt I' CA V lsts.. 1194
Gen Elec Ss lWfcl Do 5s 116
'i 114 S A 66.... 105 8 Carolina non-f. %i
Do 2ds 101 ISo Ry 5s 924
H & T C 6s 1094 Stan R &- T 6s 604
l>o con 6s 101 Term new Bet 3s. H
lowa C lsts .... 100 T&P L G lsts.. Hi ■
I Kan P Con tr .. 934 Do rg Ms . 29*»
X P Ist D tr.... 112 jUnton Pac lsts... 103»;
La new cons 45.. 101 IT PD & O lsts.. 53"*
LA N Unl 45.... M Wab Ist3 Gs 10*4
Missouri Cs 100 I Do 2ds 82
M KA T 2<15.... «4 W Shore Is ... 1094
DO 4s <.7S Va Centuries . 6' r »
N t Cent lsts .. 1104 ! Do deferred .... 34
MINING STOCKS.
I Chollar 20 Ontario 2 60
! Crown Point 2l);Ophlr2 l );Ophlr .'. £0
I Con <- a i & v a 1 00 1 Plymouth N
I Deadwood , 1 OS [Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry .. 30 1 Do prat 900
Hale & Norcrs.. 1 00 ; Sierra Nev £0
Homestake 37 00 1 Standard 135
Iron Silver 35; Union Con 2<
Mexican 20 i Yellow Jacket ... 30
BOSTON.
BOSTON. Jan. 14.— Atchison. 12%: Bell Tele
phone. 270; Burlington, 1004: Mexican Central,
: 6%; Oregon Short Line, 204.
NEW YORK GRAIN ANl> PRODUCT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.991 bbls; exports. 34,780 bbls. Sales, 2000
packages. Market was neglected and weaker
on all but low grades. Minnesota patents, $5
®5 20; winter straits, U 4i.«-'/j4 M.
WHEAT— Receipts, 7400 bu; exports, 23.711
bu. Spot easy; No. 2 red, $1 OOT4. Options
opened firmer on higher cable news and mod
erate covering, but after a dull, featureless
session eased oft under weak closing;, French
markets and realizing; closed unsettled at H
v 1 i»c advance on near and l % <it w- net decline
on late months; No. 2 red January. 98H®
99 l-16c, closed !tß\c; May, »l%<&r^2 S-I6c, closed
91% c.
HOPS— Steady.
PETROLEUM— DuII..
COFFEE — Options opened steady. s<gis points
advance; closed steady. Sales, 700 bags, in
cluding March, 6.75<35.&Qc; spot Rio, dull and
nominal; mild, quiet.
. SUGAR lower to sell; refined, quiet.
METALS — The market shows no Important
variations; closed generally slow and feature
less. The New York Metal Exchange reports
the cloning as follows:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull at 16 60<g6 70.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged at
$10 M/{i 10 K.
TIN— and unchanged at $13 80^13 90
SPELTER— Unchanged at $3 90©4.
LEAD— Very quiet at $3 62V&3 67^. The
firm that fixes settling for miners and smelters
quote Lead at $3 65.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3846 packages. Steady;
Western creamery. 14V4@20c; Elglns, 20c; fac
tory, lUglac.
EGGS— Receipts. 6430 packages. Firmer; State
and Pennsylvania, 22c; Western, 20c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14. — California Dried
Fruits, steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— t,<sl\ic;
prime wire tray, $%c; wood-dried, prime, BV4c;
choice, »*ic; fancy, S@SVic.
PRUNES- €
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 7@BUc; Moorpark, lie.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 78jlOc; peeled, 12620 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 14.— 1n Wheat the Liverpool |
market showed an opening Hd decline, but be
tore business commenced here It showed i^d
'. advance over yesterday's price. That started
j prices here at an advance of VI to %d, and
as later cablegrams, reported continued firmness
i at Liverpool the price here kept creeping up i
| by small fractions during the first hour and a
, half. News from Argentine was not so bear- ;
ish as yesterday and the lessening of that j
i pressure was of course felt. Private cable- I
grams from Liverpool Bald that Argentine of- !
' ferings were decreasing and that market was
firmer. The market had a good deal of en- '
couragement from the liberal exports and ruled ,
strong until the receipt of the closing cables, i
after which time an easier feeling prevailed.
Liverpool maintained Its early strength, but
Paris noteO a decline In Wheat equal to l»ic
i per bushel for January and Antwerp reported
2c per bushel decline In both red winter and
Walla Walla. Letter brokers sold Wheat
when "call" price was reached, which Ftarted
■ liquidation from other sources, and in the laM
ten minutes of the session the market was very
weak. May finally sold down to 90V»c, and was
\ at that price at the close. It was reported
after the close that vessel room had been char
! tered for a million bushels of Wheat Cor Lclter.
Trad? In the Corn pit was very light. The
Close was unchanged.
Oats were quiet. May closing unchanged.
Provisions were, enlivened by enormous sell
: Ing, supposed to be for a Cleveland plunger.
The market, however, absorbed the offerings
with ease, and though prices yielded some for
! a time most of the decline was ultimately re
covered. At the close May Pork wits 2»4'??50
lower. May Lard a shade lower and May Stibs
| 2Hc lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- Open. High. Low. Close.
i Wheat No. 2—
January 91 9i%- . 9 91 i^
May ......; 90% 91 90 9014
July nNo.'!- "* BHi 80U 80%
Corn No. z—
January 26 a i 26*; 26H 26%
May 29^4 29^ 23H 29^
July ••"•••»•• 30% 30% 30^4 30*
Oats No. 2— •
Max , •« 23* 23%, 23% 23%
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXFAIIY 15, 1898.
July 22«4 22U 22% 22%
Mess pork, per bbl—
January $9 30 $9 30 $9 224 $9 25
May 9 424 9*2% 9 324 9 40
Lard, per 100 lbs—
January $4 65 $4 67 $4 65 $4 674
May 4 774 4 77Vi 4 75 4 774
July 4 85 4 83 4 82% 4 85
Short Ribs, per 100 lbß—
January - $4 60
May $4 724 $4 75 *4 074 470
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull I
and easy: No. 2 spring Wheat, 86c: No. 3 spring |
Wheat, 75<359c; No. 2 red. 914fg32c; No. 2 Corn,
26*t,©'27c; No. 2 Oats, 22-iic: No. 2 white, f. o.
b., 25c: No. 3 white, f. o. b.. 24@25c; No. 2 Rye,
45c; No. 2 Barley, f. o. b.. 25(&36c; No. 1 Flax
Seed. $1 204SM 24; prime Timothy Seed. $2 "74:
Mess Pork, per bhl.. $9 25@9 30; Lard, per 100
lbs , $4 674: Short Ribs sides (loose), $4 ISO
4 70: dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), 4»;@sc;
Short Clear Sides (boxed), $4 BOOS: whisky,
distillers' finished goods, per gallon, $1 19.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10,000 12.000
Wheat, bushels 55.000 16.000
Corn, bushels 328, 000 158,000
Oats, bushels 301.000 174,000
Rye. bushels 18.000 700
Barley, bushels 55.000 18.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day, the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 145J19C:
Dairies, ll@17c: Cheese, quiet, B@B4c: Eggs,
steady; fresh, 20c
WHEAT MOVEMENTS;
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis . 211.140 30,420
Duluth 65.560 15,226
Milwaukee 8.450
Chicago 65,001 15.720
Toledo 7.324 3.000
St. Louis 7,000 11.000
Detroit 6.064 454
Kansas City 30.000 6,600
Totals .379.639 81,22-5
Tidewater-
Boston 19.051 23.567
New York 7.400 28,001
Philadelphia 13.941 7.060
Baltimore 74.861 125.7R0
New Orleans 16.600
Totals 115.253 204,008
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 59 60 58 60
Closing 59 40 58 40
Flour-
Opening 28 25 27 55
Closing 2S 00 27 40
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Mar. May July. Sept.
Opening 7 1 .6 1"4 6 SN, 634
Closing 7 1% 6 ll«i 634 6 44
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14 -CATTLE— Beef steers
sold at $4 SSffS 10. the extreme range for com
mon to prime being $3 80fJ« 6ft, with sales to
exporters at $4 7501 H Btockan and feed
ers were 15928 c higher than a week ago. c a
and heifers sold well, few going below t
and a few prime heifers brought $4 :
Hulls, too, sold remarkably well, the best go-
Ing at $4 IC';(4 30, and calves were active and
strong.
Hi k;P Sold at $3 40f3 72H, chiefly at $3 57H
pigs sold largely at $3 40^3 «n.
SHEEP Bold at H6f4 6ft, but not many went
below $4 60. Yearlings were active at $4 80®
4 7S and lambs sold freely nt J4ij r . Bft; choice
Western ahejep sold at !
:::ainly at $3 6504 80; heavy sheep sold
badly, the demand being fur the lighter
:pts— Cattle, 6000; Hogs, 22,000; Sheep.
SOOO.
KANSAS CITY
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 14.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, official, 8700. Market opened steady on
best cattle and slow on others. Closed easier
to 10c lower: medium grades. ISO lower; stock
ers. Ftrong; feeders. 10c higher: Texas steers.
$3 25© 4 60; Texas cows, $2 25(53 75: native
steers, $3 7.".'v.'. , native cows and helfera, $20*
4 25; stookers and feeders. $3 25#4 75; bulls,
$2 TMT:3 75.
HOGS Receipts, official, 15.000. Market
opened steady, 24c higher: pigs, steady and
active; bulk of ifeles. $3 40<g3 CO; heavies and
packers, $3 40gS 66; mixed, $3 42433 624; light.
$3 3C>(Q3 £0; yorkers, $3 4?g3 £0; pigs, $3 20®
3 ?74.
SHEEP— Receipts. official. 2700. Market ac
tive and steady at yesterday's advance. Re
ceipts mostly Westerns; lambs, $4^5 50; West
ern muttons. $3 75(34 30.
DENVER. *
DENVER, Jan. 14-caTTLE- Receipts, 600
Market steady to firm; beef steers. $3 25^4 10;
. bulls, Ftags. etc . $1 75'i/S; calves,
M
li'";s n<«celpts. 2«0. Market steady: demand
better; light packers. V" 40®3 50; heavy. $3 35
. . j I 50.
SHEEP— -No receipts or shipments; no quo
tations.
OMAHA
OMAHA. Jan. 14.— CATTLE— Receipts. 1000;
market steady to Me lower; native beef steers.
$3 75i& 4 S5; Western steers. $3 6O1&-4 40; Texas
steers, $3ri3 60; cows and heifers, $3^3 80: can
ners. $2'uL> SO: stockers and feeders. $3 60*34 60,
cnlves. $4fi6: bulls and stags. $2 25(5(3 60.
HOGS Receipts, 6300; market steady: heavy.
$3 4553 55; mixed. J3 4:,<53 60; light, $3 5553 60;
bulk of sales, $3 4:.* 3 60.
SHEEP— 4400: market steady: fair
to choice natives, $3 75'!j4 £0; fair to choice
■\\ f-»t<"rns. $3 6Oii«4 33: common and stock sheep,
$3g3 SO; lambs. $4g* 60.
HRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW TORK. Jan. 14. — Bradstreefs of to
morrow will say: Distribution of trade remains
rather quiet, mild w-uth.-r throughout the
riuntry tending to check distribution of win
ter gooda, Prices gent-rally remain steady or
tend upward, except for x.ime grades of Iron.
and orders for spring trad", when received, are
] encouraging. Industrial activity is most mnnl
| fest at the West, where the demand for Iron
Is very large; A feature of the week was
the placing of an order by one railroad for He>
m of st<^l rails, with smaller orders ag
•:ng In the neighborhood of 25,fi00 tons
I more. Plglron production is now at an un
rate, the furnace capacity being
i estimated at 1.000,000 tons a month. At the
South manufacturing activity la a feature.
D hr-tna: vry licilj A t.-..0,i -xp'.rt
nd for cotton and grain at steady prices
is a f'-ature. At the Enst a number of Ftrlk.-s
against wage reductions are reported or u
r ■ ted in the cotton industry. Borne woolen
i mills working on heavy men's wear good* am
refusing orders, th-tr capacity being fully
!. Anthracite coal production Is such
I that it Is expected that the trade will )* re
stricted sufßciratly to allow ■<( the advance of
Me per 1606 !»-lng maintained. Weather
has been disappointing at th^ Northwest, but
an Improvement in the demand developed at
?om«- centers as th» week advanced.
The rush to Alaska has already begun on
tli" Pacific < "oast. Freight charters are re
' lower. Export trad» continues large, a
gain of g j>fr cent on the total export of bread
stuffs, cotton, mineral ores, cattle, hogs and
provisions being shown both for December and
the cai'-ndar year.
The recent foiling off In wheat exports prove,,
I as was indlca'ed last week in Bradatreet'S, to
have been due to the usual holiday quiet and
not to any falling off of demand from abroad.
The total exports of wheat iflour ir,
from the United States and I'anada for this
•reek amounted to 5,135.160 bushels, against
1,481 006 lushels last week and 5.M8.000 bushels
I this week a year ago. :i,2nr.nno bushels In 1596
: and », 5*1.000 bush»!s In UK.
Corn exports for the week show a gain of
1,000,000 bushels, amounting to 4,641.000 bushels
! against 3.4E.5.000 last w«-ek nnd n.336,01>0 bushels
■ In the corresponding week of lSirt.
Ah WSJ expected, the failures f.re slightly de
creased In number, amounting to 323. against
S2?, lart week. 479 In the week of 1597, 412 In
1596. 378 In 1895 and 404 In I^4.
FINANCIAL ItEVIEW.
NTW YORK. Jan. 14.— Rradstreefs Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Roth speru
lation and investments have h.-en active dur
ing the past week. The best feature of the
market has been the very heavy dealings In
bonds at generally higher prices, both for the
hlph grade and new and more speculative
Maaaes. Transactions, rising as they have to
$34,000,000 or $35,000,000 of bonds on the Stock
Kxchange, with the trading distributed amnns
an unusually large number of different issues.
would indicate a large demand for Investments
and the growth Of ennfidence in regard tr. the
position and future of the market. The stock
list a!so displayed a marked Increase in the
volume of dealings, with an advancing ten
dency. There has been considerable specula
tive manipulation, hut the. purchasing of stocks
by commission botMMS was a feature, and
though London has shown a disposition to sell,
buying by Germaxi Interests In this market
was considerable. Professionals have realized
from time to time in expectation ut a reduc
tion. l«ut were to some extent constrained to
g'-t back stocks at high figures. The first
serious interruption to the bullish tendencies
was on Thursday, when reports Indicating that
trouble with Spain mipht result from a riot In
Havana caused selling of long stock, though
the market rallied when such fears were
shown to be unfoun leil
The strength of the list generally was ma
terially affected by the decline tn American
Supar Refining, due to the announcement male
at its annual meeting that the company's sur
plus wuuld not be distributer] as extra dlvl
dends. The Industrial stocks were in part
neglected and the bullish demonstrations and
activity centered In railroad shnrrs, the Tn
ciflc croup, the local traction shares and the
Vanderhilts taking the most prominent place.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NKW YORK. Jan. 14.— R. O. Dun & Cn ■„
Weekly Review of Trade will say In its issue
f.-morrow: The year opened with very satis
factory prospects. It Is all the better that
there Is no wild excitement In the speculative
markets nml while storks advance a little,
praln yields a little. The payments through
principal clearing houses, notwithstanding a
decrease at New York, owing to less activity
in blocks, are 2.6 per cent larger than In IMS.
and 10. 1 per cent larger outside {few York.
Earnings of all railroads in the t'nlted States
reporting for December. $48,364,279, Indicate
substantially the same rate of increase, ex
ceedlng last year's by 10 I per cent, and the
earnings of l£t! f or the same roads by 1.3 per
cent. Since isc<2 was on the whole the most
prosperous year thus far. comparisons indi
cate, notwithstanding the lowest prices ever
known, that the volume of buslenss le larger
and. in spite of some cutting of rates, the
earnings of railroads ar« larger than In the
best year of past history
The wheat market has been curiously lansruid,
yielding V;c, alth>u B !i Atlantic exports amount
ed to 6,066,788 b ishels for th-» two weeks of
January, against 3 SSfl 317 last year, and Pa
cific exports for th. weak have been 1
bushels. Western receipts continue ho heavy
that with the greatest accumulation of wheat
at i'h!rago ever known, there is little encour
agement for speculation Receipts were
2KO bushels for the two weeks, against 3.095.-
M bushels lost year.
The Iron furnaces during the current month
report an output of 226 £0S tons weekly, against
226.024 weekly December i with an increase of
12.481 tons in the unsold' stocks held by fur
naces. The Pennsylvania road has ordered
100,000 tons of steel rails and a new railroad in
Maine 12.000 tons, and othT orders for cars,
railroad supplies, plates, bars and structural
material are unusually large lor the season.
The woolen manufacturers have been buying
w... 1 largely, an i for reasons not publicly ex
plained. It is evident that large orders have
been taken by the leading mills at prices which
they find satisfactory and the rush of small
mills to buy wool has ma I" most ol the market
ilurlnc the past week, although sales have de
clined al...ut M ):-r oent compared with the pre
vious w.-.-k. Hut there Is decidedly better de
mand for men's wear goods and the makers
look f.-rwar.i t. h good demand soon. The
cotton manufacturers have been overloading by
excessive production and find no Increase In
demand and no gain in prices.
Failures for the past week have been 34? In
the United States against 45f, last year, and
45 In Canada against 71 last yrar.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW TORK. Jan. 14.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-seven cities for the week ended
January 13, with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Per Cent.
Inc. Dec.
New York $ 559.570.456 48.6
Boston 116.723.570 23.4 ....
Chicago 105,455.0.".S 41.3 ....
Philadelphia 76,818.784 28.0 ....
St. Louis 11.661.560 17.8 ....
Pittsburgh 19,12«.959 26.6 —
Baltimore 19,803.716 23.5
Pan Francisco .... 15.235.105 1.7 ....
Cincinnati 14.455.350 24.7 ....
Kansas City . .. 10.924. 1.6 ....
New Orleans 11,857.758 10.3 ....
Minneapolis 8,414.006 40.6 ....
Detroit $.822 618 22.4
Cleveland 7,614.971 22.9
Louisville 6.505.027 ■ 1.2
Providence 6 171.900 6.5 ....
Milwaukee 4.V37.021 5.2 ....
St. Paul 4,216.553 41.7 ....
Buffalo 4,466.106 9.3 —
Omaha 5,365.364 31.5 '.;..
Indianapolis 5,980,472 41.'.) ....
Columbus, 0 4.930,900 27.0 ....
Savannah 3.023.417 3.2 ■'....
Denver 2 4" XI S6l 1.6
Hartford 3.477.477 16.7
Richmond I 794 $91 3.0 ....
Memphis 3.623.651 61.1 ....
Washington 2.14C'.773 2.0 ....
Peorla 1.990.716 22. S ....
Rochester 1,686.736 19.0
New Haven 1.537.467 1.1
Worcester 1.658,906 13.6
Atlanta 1 923 W2 ..:.', 7.3
Salt Lake City.... 1.654.38S 4.8
Springfield. Mass.. 1.634.175 .... 16
Fort Worth 1.738.570 4.0
Portland. Me 1.507,665 9.1 V ..V.
Portland, Or 2,105.223 26.2 >...~. J
St. Joseph l.. r ,76.4.".> 2K.6 ....
Los Angeles 1.593.334 27.
Norfolk 954.318 44
Syracuse 1.147.073 3.0 ....
I ■• 1 Molnes 1.072.527 6.5 ....
Nashville 1,444.236 15. 4 .....
Wilmington. Del... 801,596 17.6 ....
Fall River 1.002.927 11. ....
Bcranton 1.354.420 ... ....
Grand Rapids ..».. 1.219.204 M.2
Augusta. Ga 727.71G .... < 7.2
Lowell 724. -4 16.9
Dayton. O 536.K07 22.0 ,V.. !
Seattle 1.131.629 141.8 ...."
Tacoma 9.11.887 121.6
Spokane 7'>S.S4« 36.3 ■■....'
SIOUX city 749.441 63. S ....
New Bedford 560.519 R.I ....
Knoxvllle, Term.... 540.877 13.4 ....
Topeka 650.439 17.5 ....
Birmingham 514.443 31.5 ....
Wichita 607,300 J>3.o >-#<
Binghamton 4'C.?00 20.7 ....
Lincoln 4'"> < M 33 1:1 ....
Lexington. Ky. ... 493.889 24.5 ■■..■..•
Jacksonville. Fla.. 235.306 5.2
• Kalamazoo 372.540 9.1 ....
Akron 311.300 11.4 ....
Bay City 211.321 19.6 ....
Chattanooga 344. 532 23.0 ....
Rnokford. 111 251.510 14.7
Canton. 0 194, 100 16 1 ;.:.'
i Springfield. 0 202.364 .... 10.1
j Fargo. X D 291.562 123.8
• Stoux Falls. S. D.. 114.390 123.6 .. .
Hastings. N>b ■ —1 ' 8.1
Fremont, Neb 110.416 83.1
Davenport 755.846 35. 3 ....
Toledo 2.0f13.348 87. 0 ....
Galvpstcn 7.144.500 22.7 ....
Houston 7.425.452 19.1
Youngstown 327. ,'27 .... ....
Totals. I*. S $1,443,002.12* 37. ~
Totals out«lde of
New York ... £53.131.643 23.0 ....
Dominion of Canada —
i Montreal $ 16.055.49? 67.0
: Toronto 9.182.643 2S.S ...!
Winnipeg 1.644.321 25.3
Halifax 1,320.757 4.7
Hamilton , 730.".37
St. John, N. it 667,789 81.1 ....
Totals I 29.631.551 89.7 777T
DEMAND FOR CALIFORNIA PRUNES.
NEW YORK. Jan. 14.— The San Francisco
Journal of Commerce says: Among dried
fruits prunes 5 ... n) to be In an Interesting con
dition. "While the output of the season of 1597
was larger, according to report, than in any
previous year Flnce the California product t*>
came a fnctnr In home and foreign markets,
the demand seems to have Increased in even
greater ratio. With the best season of con
sumption In domestic markets still ahead, an 1
with a steadily Increasing export outlet, the
holders' views are hardening. I*rlc*s are on
the average »;?<Kc higher than at the end of
December. Th* demand from both home and
export buyers runs chiefly to sizes of M to the
pound ami above, and as there Is very little
fruit of this sire obtainable, either here or
on the coast, holders have no difficulty In ob
taining full prices or slight advance over
previous figures. There is also a scarcity of
sizes from <•<.■* to 110"s. and as there is a de
mpnd for these the feeling Is firmer. Since
the beginning of the week. It Is reported, some
ten or twelve sirs, spot and to arrive, have
been parch by local Jobbers, but particu
lars have not been mode public.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. Jan. 14.— The Boston Commercial
Bulletin will say to-morrow (ft the wool mar
ket: The market Is much quieter. The large
mills have purchased all they desire for the
present and sales this week are for the most
part an aggregation of email sales to small
mills. The tone of trade Is excellent and prices
are slightly higher. The largest pale was 25.
000 pounds of Cape wool on a basis of 60 cents
clean. 3 cents better than the last recorded
sale.
The auction «ales at Antwerp this week
showed an advance of 5 per cent and the
Montevideo market Is again higher. Heavy
welght cloths have opened at an advance of
25 cents. 30 per cent over last year, and selling
freely.
The sales of the week were 2.127.000 pounds
domestic and 1. 043. 000 pounds foreign, against
3.R53.0«0 pounds domestic and 930.000 pounds for
eign last week, and 50, 500 pounds domestic
and 2.040.000 pounds foreign for the same week
last year.
The sales to date show a decrease of 893.000
pounds domestic and 1,510,000 pounds foreign
from the sales to the same date In 1597.
The receipts to date show a decrease of 4343
bales domestic and 4490 bales foreign.
LONDON KHKErsKIN SALES.
LONDON. Jan. —There was a good attend
ance at the Bale of Cape of Good Hope and
Natal sheepskins held In Mincing Lane to-day.
The offerings numbered 96,140 skins, of which
53.3C0 were withdrawn. The small supply
caused a strong demand and prices were high
er. Extra and long wooled skins were H@Aid
higher, short wooled 'sd and shorn Vid up.
Lambs were unchanged. Inferior coarse wooled
sold slowly, but good qualities brought full
rates.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 14.— following reports
of the London and Liverpool markets, dated
to-day, have been received: Consols, 112 11-16
Bill 13-16; 112 IS-IGOII2 15-16: Silver, 26T4d;
French rentes, lOSf 15cfilO3f 17% c.
LIVERPOOL, Jan. 14.— Wheat, dull: No. l
California. JGs; cargoes off coast, buyers and
seller* apart; cargoes on passage, nominal;
unchanged; English country markets, weak:
French country markets, firm; Wheat, No. 1
California, Ts lld©7s ll>,d: Wheat In Paris,
easy; Flour In Paris, dull.
COTTON— I 7-32 d.
CLOSE.
CORN— steady. January. 3s 2Hd; '
February. 3» 3V4d; March. 3s 1%4.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 9s 6d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Jan. 14.— The local Wheat mar
ket Is unchanged and the quotations are nomi
nal. Holders are not willing to sell at prices
exporters can pay, and until there Is some en
couragement from the other side business will
be very light. Walla Walla. 71@72c; valley and
blue stem, 73®!7f>c.
Cleared— German ship Henrlette, 99,166 bush
els Wheat; British ship McMillan, 84,954 bush
els Wheat, both for Queenstown.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Jan. 14.— Wheat, lower; No. 1
blue stem. 73c: No.l club. 70c.
PORTLAND'S" BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Jan, Exchanges, *237,348;
balances, $43,138.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 14.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, J239.715.866; Gold reserve,
J162.155.508.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling: Exchange. 60 days — $4 83*4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BSH
Stirling Cables — 4 85
New York Exchange, Fight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver. p»r ounce — ss"-i
Silver Ore and Bullion — 67%
Mexican Dollars 47 47} i
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market continued weak and
quiet. The shippers are still holding off.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 371-4
for No. l. $1 3&\ for choice and $1 40@l 45 per
ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 4ooo etis,
nm%i jm. Jl 36; 2000. Jl 35%: 2000, »i SSH;
B*ooo. $1 &>*£.
Second Session— May— lo,ooo ctls, $1 3oMi; 16.
001*. $1 35^4. i
Regular Morning Session— May— ooo ctls,
II 34% ; MOO. Jl 35.
Afternoon Session— May— lo.ooo ctls, Jl SB;
10.000. * X 35H. December-!^), Jl 25\i: 2000.
♦ 1 25 Mi.
BARLEY— Futures are doing better and the
feeling Is firmer all. around.
Feed. 90@92UjC for dark to good and • 95c
for Ice: Brewing. $1 07H«l 10 for No. 1
and Jl@l 02U per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal r Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls.
Ssc; 2000. SP^c.
Second Session— 2ooo ctls. 85% c.
Regular Morning Session— Booo ctls.
si/S c: 4000> 84 & c: 800 °- 85c : WOO. Ss^c; 6000. S5Hc;
4 l >»i, Sf>ViC.
. Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, Ss%c.
OATS— The demand has Blackened up some
what and the market Is hardly as firm, th tugh
there Is no weakness.
Fancy Feed. Jl 20@l 25 per ctl: good to
choice. $i is{fi 17H: common. $1 10®l 12H:
r ur rl 5, Pl U"V 35: Red. $1 30®l 40; Gray.
$1 IJH©I 17%; Milling. $1 C7H@l BH: Black,
for seed. Jl 1601 £0. Clipped Oatß sell at $1®
Z per ton over the raw product.
CORN— Is selling rather better at thi old
prices.
Small Round Yellow. STHcffJl per ctl; Large
Yellow. 97\;.^9S*ic: White. f«-i^r9sc.
RYE-tl 02V4til 05.
BUCKWHEAT— Jl 60@l 75 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFa
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extra*.
14 r-E®4 63; Bakers* extras, $4 30©4 40 per bbt.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
low, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J.- per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 60 per 100:
Rice Flcur. J5 75: Cornmeal. J4 25; extra cream
do. »3; Oatmeal. $2 60; Oat Groats, J4: Hom
iny. $3 10«f3 SO; Buckwheat Flour. J3 25«13 50;
Cracked Wheat. JJ 25; Farina. J4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. |3 25; Rolled Oats fbbls). $6 709
6 90; In sacks. 13 75; Pearl Barley. J4; Split
, Peas. J3 60; Green do. $4 25 per 100 tt>s.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay I* steady and unchanged. Bran and
Middlings are 60c Wisher.
BRAN-sl9ff2o per ton.
MIDDLINGS-ISO 60024 50
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20021 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. 128 SOS 29 60;
Jobbing. »3«: Cocoanut Cake. $19320: Cotton- !
seed Meal. J29f}3o per ton.
HAT— (Ex-car In round lots)— " Wheat. $13 60 :
<S1« per ton: Wheat and Oat, $13^15; Oat. ;
$12-014; Barley. JI2JM3 TO; compressed. $13 c.o<3
IS 50: Alfalfa. $10 50tj 11 50; stock, $10@ll 50;
Cl^v»r. $iof?ii per ton.
STRAW— 3O@4Sc per bale.
.BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing- new In Beans except an ad
vnnce in Pinks. The market for all colored
kinds continues firm.
BEANS — Bayos. $3 90@3; Small "Whites.
$1 2&QI 40; Large Whites. $1 20011 35; Pinks.
$1 SC^l 90; Reds. $1 ;."':1 70; niackeye. $2 25-31
2 50; Butters. $1 40©l 60; LI mas. $1 60@l 70;
Pea. $1 25®1 40 per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard. »3 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard. $2t?2 50; Flax, $1 90-52: Canary Seed,
2 l 4'g2»;c per rb; Alfalfa, S@«e; Rape. 2@2}ic;
i Hen ■ 3c; Timothy. f'-c.
DRIED PEAS— N'lles". $1 26; Green. $1 20®
1 40 per ctl.
' POTATOES. ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
Oreen Peas are In lighter supply and higher.
Strlnjr Beans are very scarce. In fact, all
southern Vegetables are In meager stock at
the moment. There Is no change In Pota
toes and Onions.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 6O^7f>c: River Reds.
! 4BQMc; River Burbanks, 60JT65c; Oregon Bur
banks. 60<?90c; Salinas Burbanke. 75c?f$l;
Sweet Potatoes. WO per ctl for Rivers and
*Vff7sc for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes.
2^4c per IT).
ONIONS— S2®2 60 per ctl; cut Onions, $1 M)®
2 per sack.
VEOETAP.r.ES— Marrowfat Squash. $W<f?l2
per ton: Hubhard Squash. $10^12 per ton: Dried
Peppers. .r-3-6c. r -3-6c per lb: Dried Okra. 15c: Cab
bape, €Ps?7f.c per ctl: Carrots. 2r,f?fiOr per sack;
Garlic. ?^3Hc per tb; Asparafms, 10®35c per lr>.
I-<b Angeles Green Peas. 6.177 c; String Beans,
— ; Tomatoes. :<■ •■■■ifi. Green Peppers. 15®20c per
n>; Summer Squash, 10@'12Hc; Egg Plant. 15@
20c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Tw.t cars of Eastern are expected to go on
and the market Is weak In consequence.
There is no particular change in Game.
POUI/TRY—
Live Turkeys, 10(j?llc for Gobblers and 10O11G
for Hens: dressed Turkeys, Ilsfl24c per It);
Gee*e. per pair. $1 25TH "" Ducks, $4 50@8:
Hens. $3 .VfTS; Roosters, young. $4 50<8>5: do old.
JJ 5094: Fryers. $1 50$ 4 75: Broilers, M 25<??4 50
for large and $."■l4 for small: Pigeons, $1 60@2
per dozen for young and II for old.
GAME— Quail, per doz. $1 25; Mallard. »2 r.ftfr3;
Canvasback. $3 'f"(M 50; Sprig. $1 50@2; Teal,
Jlfffl 2.V. Wldfwn. $''-71 2. .: Small Ducks, $1 ;
Cray Geese, $2 25tf2 50: White. " ■isl: Brant.
II '.' .1 75: Honkers. «4: English Snipe. V. 75©2;
Jack Snipe, Jl: Hare. Jl: Rabbits, $1 2501 50 for
Cottontails and 75c@Jl for small.
UUTTF.R, CHKKSE AND EGOS.
F.ggs an* now declining rapidly. Butter
■hows no change worthy of note.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, 26^i27c; sec
onds, 24tff25c
Dairy— Choice to fancy. 233'24c: lower grades.
21«22V4c per n>.
Eastern —Creamery, 22'i'824c; ladle
packed, it -_. (i 2l-- per lb.
CHEESE— Cliolce mild new, HS'llHc; com
mon to good. S'oinc; Cream Cheddar. lOifrllc;
Young America. ll v ~'irl?H< > : Western. ll©12c:
Eastern. 12Wti'.3>*.- per !h.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, £3sf2sc per dozen; store
Eggs. 21'S22Hc.
DECIDUOUS ANO CITRI'3 FRUITS.
Oranges are in liberal supply and dull at un
changed prices. Other citrus fruits remain the
Fame as previously quoted.
DECIDUOUS FRUIT&—
Cranberries. 17-ys per bbi: Coos Bay. $1 600
2 per box.
Apples. 25040 c per box for common. SOcOH
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy
Lady Apples. Wcgjl for large boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 2t<&
2 25: Seedlings. &oc@Jl 25; Mandarins, |l@i 50;
Grape Fruit. J2 WOI per box; Lemons.. 60c@
Jl for common and $1 25<irl 75 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes. Jl@s per box; Cali
fornia Limes In small boxes. 50@75c; Bananas,
$1 25(?i2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, J3@4 per
dozen.
DRIBS FRUITS. RAISINS. NUTS. ETC.
The demand 1b slack and of a spasmodic
character. No change In quotations.
DRIED FHIITS -
Prunes, carload lots, 3*ifr4i;<~ for 40-50's, 3^40
3»ic for 50-60" s, Z\'u'2\kc for 60-70' 2Vi®2%c for
70-80' s. 1%92%C for 80-90' 8. l"4ifl\c for 90-100'
Peaches. 3®4Vic: fancy. 6@s'*c; peeled, 100
12Vic; Apricots, s<u6c for Royals and 7@Sc for
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples,
«teft7c; Fun-dried, 4@4Hc; black Figs. In sacks.
Hj2^c; Plums. 4V<f4\c for pitted and l@lV»c
for unpltted; bleached Plums, 6@5«4c; Nec
tarines, 4 5c for prime to fancy; Pears, 2%@
4>tc for quarters and 3©sHc for halves. accord-
Ing to color, etc.
.RAISINS— New Raisins. 2^4®3c for two
crown, 4c for three-crown, 5c for four-crown.
6V4c for Seedless Sultanas and Si io@i 15 for
London layers: dried Grapes. 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at S@loc per
tt>; Walnuts. !<<u for hardshell and 6@7c
for softshell: Almonds. 2Vjo3^c for hardshell,
■ F.@6c for softshell and 7j?Sc for paper-shell;
Peanuts, 4^f.Hc for Eastern and 4*4 for Cali
fornia; Pecans. 6V4«JBc; Filberts. 8H®10o; Bra
zil Nuts. S^9c per rt>; Cocoanuts. J4 5005 per
100.
HONEY— New Comb. BSlOe for bright and 5@
7c for lower grades; new water- white ex
tracted. 4'4<g'sc; light amber extracted. 3%@4^ic
per lb.
BEESWAX— 23P-2T.C r*r nY
PROVISIONS.
Dealers continue to report a fair demand at
the old figures.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. SUe per n> for
j heavy. 9c for light medium. 10c for- light, lOUo
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; East
; crn sugar-cured Hams, lfn-.n/Uc; California
! Hams. 9@9Vi.i-; Mess Beef. JS 50 per bbl; extra
mess do, $9 50; family do. $1141 12; salt Pork,
*S@S Eo; extra prime Pork, $9 50; extra clear.
SIC; mess. $14 50; Smoked Beer, HVi®l2Vic per
{ IT..
.LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at 5V«c per Tb
fir compound and 6c for pure: palls, 7c; Call
; fornla tierces. 6c per Ib for compound and «o
; for pure: half-bbls,- 6' 4 c; 10-TT) tins, 7c; do 5-lt>,
I "He per Ib.
COTTOLTSNE— Tierces. s?*<?r6Uc: packages,
less than 200 lbs— l-Ib palls, 6d In a case. B%c:
! 3-Tb palls. 20 In a case, fi^c; B-Ib pails. 12 In a
| case. 8V 4 c; 10-lb pails, 6 In ft case. SHe; 50
'■ tins, one or two In a case. 7%c: wooden buck
i ets. SO lbs net. 7Tle: fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7Hc;
half-bbls. about 110 lbs. 7%c per It).
' HIDES, TALLOW. 1 WOOL AND HOPS.
There has been no change In this market for
some days. ■ _ .•.•.>'! :',V'
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
at lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
10®10Hc per lb; medium, 9c; light, 9c: Cow
hides. 9@9%c: Stags, 6c: salted Kip. 10c: Calf,
lie; dry Hides, 16c: culls and brands. 13c; dry
Kip and Veal. 14@15c: dry Calf. lS@2oc; culls,
16@17c: Goatskins, 20(3'37 I £c each: Kids. 5@l()c;
Deerskins, good summer. 25@30c per lb: me
dium. 20c: winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings,
20.G30C each; short wool, 40®7(>c each; medium.
70(3'90c: long wools. 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 3@SV'C per It): No.
2. 2'«'o; refined. sc: Grease. 2 / 32 1
WOOL— Fall clip— Middle counties— free. 103
13c: do defective. 10(S?llc: San Joaquln. defec
tive. 7-i?9c: Southern" Mountain. '•'frllc; free
Northern. 12(i?13c: do defective. 9@Uc; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. ISAtRc; Eastern Oregon,
9(f?l3e: Valley Oregon. 16C18C.
HOPS— OId crop. 2^6c for poor to fair and 8
@10c for good; new crop. ll@lsc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, IS9S delivery.
8H5?5%c; Woo! Bags, 27'g:30c.
COAL— Wellington, $8; New Wellington. $S;
Southfleld Wellington. J7 50: Seattle, J5 50:
Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay, $1 75: Wcllsend. V 00:
Cumberland, $14 50 in bulk and $16 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. »16: Cannel, $>
per ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $7 6.0; Coke. 513 per ton in bulk and
$1". in sacks.
RlCE— Chinese mixed. $4 2.''S4 30 p*r ctl : No.
1. $4 VMM SO per ctl; extra No. 1. $S pa 20: Haw
aiian. $4 50; Japan. $4 T." •■-, -.' ■; Rangoon. $4.
SUGAR— Western Sucar Krflnerv Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6?<>c: Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated. .* 4 c: Confectioners' A. 5%c: Mag
nolia A. S%e; Extra C, 6^o: Golden C. sVkc;
Candy Granulated. 55 7 »c: California A. 5V4c per
lb: half-bbls V«c more than barrels, and boxes
He more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Dealers still quote the old prices, with a
steady market for all descriptions. . :.:./}
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6H@7c; second do. SHO
6c: third do. 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Larpe, BO6e: small, 6570 per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@7c: ewes, 60 per lb.
LAMB— Spring-, nominal.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%!??3*.;c for large and
SViTSHc for small and 3U(f?3»4c for medium;
sort Hogs. 2«4@3^c: dressed do. s@sHc per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, January 14.
Flour, qr sks ... 3.57 V Hay. tons 891
Wheat, ctls . 64.3'>0: Straw, tons 39
Barley, ctls .... 1,665 Wool, bales 21
Cheeq^, ctls .... -57 [ Pelts, Mis 162
Butter, ctls 10.?; Hides, no 2fis
' Tallow, ctls .... 2 .3 ; Leather, rolls .. 16
Beans, sks 1.000 \ Eggs, doz 4,5»0
Potatoes, sks ... 1,872 Wine, gals ... 88.85<>
Bran, sks 940 : Quicksilver, nek. 69
j Middlings, sks .. 240 =
OREGON.
i Flour. or sks ... 1.152 1 Potatoes, sks .. 133
; Wheat, ctls 1.440 1 Onions, sks :'-'i: '-'i
; Oats, ctls 2.640 : Shorts, sks 600
AUSTRALIA.
Wool, bales .... 70
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are cheaper.
The summer Vegetables are 'career and gen
erally dearer. There Is no change in fruits
worthy of mention.
Poultry and Game are selling: at previous
prices, and both are In ample supply.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $11 30® — Castle Gate. 9 50(f?10 00
Wellington . @10 00 Pleasant Val 9 50@10 00
New Wei- jSouthneld
Unßton .... if? 10 00! Wellington © 9 50
Seattle 7 sO<o> — Coos Bay @ 6 75
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per Chee.«e, Swiss 20/530
square 50f?60' Common Eggs 25®
Do. per roll £o<a % — Ranch Egg's, per :
DO. (rood 4 .'■':.• — doz 30!?—
Pickled roll, per pastern Eggs, per "
roll 50©— <!■'/. 20@
Firkin, per lb — liS'i Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Cal 15&2Q lb 12fi)15
Cheese, Eastern.. 13®20 Do, extracted. B@lo
Meats, per pound —
Bacon 12f?17 \ Pork, fresh 12315
Beef, choice 12'alo ' Pork, salt 10*12
Do. good 8010 ; Pork Chops .'. !!l2??15
Corned Beef $&— • Round Steak... " g@lo
Ham. Cal 12Vj^i— Sirloin Steak.. ..12H®—
Do, Eastern 12«15; Porterho'"«e. d 0..17020. .17020
Lard 12ff15 Smoked Beef — <gls
Mutton B@lo Pork Sausages. —©20
Lamb K"<jl2 i Veal 10@15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60@ 63 Hare, each p •>•»
Young Roost- Quail, doz 150®——
ers. each 60@ 75 Mallnrrl. pair. 75«ri on
Old Roosters, Canvasb'k, pr.l 00(31 'S
sach £0*?? 60 1 Sprig, pair SOut
Fryers, each.. s ft<Jt <J 6 1 "' Teal, pair...... 405*
Broilers, each. 35© 40 1 Widgeon, pair 40® 50
Turkeys, pr lb IT'S IS ; Email Duck, pr 35&
Ducks, each... — 49 75 I Wild Geese, pr 50iS
Geese, each....l 2Val 75 j English Snipe.
, Pigeons, pair. I!." 1 ?? 40 doz 15003 00
Rabbits, pair. -g) 40 ! Jack Snipe, dz.l 25<gl BO
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 12515 Lemons, doz 20@23
, Apples, lb Six 3. Limes, doz 15@—
Bananas, doz 15-& 20 j Oranges, doz . 15050
Cranberries. qt,..12®15 Pears, lb 4*? S
Cocoanuts, each.. 40 6 j Raisins, lb B@l2Va
Grapes, lb 5 3 10 Walnuts, lb IS®—
Vegetables-
Asparagus, lb 23@30|Muahrooms. lb —&—
Artichokes. doz.f. 25 Dried Okra. 1b.... ;; 7207 20
Ueets, doz 12@1B Onions, lb 4@ 5
Beans, white, lb. 4@ 5 Peppers, dried 10012
Colored, lb 19 5 Do, green, 1b.T.25©— ■
• Lima, lb S'a 6 J Potatoes, lb 2<B> 3
Cabbage, each 5010 I Parsnips, doz BOX)
Cauliflowers, each 5010 Do. Sweet — @ 3
Celery, bunch s©— ! Radishes, dz bchs.lO<fn2
Crtss, doz bchs...2o<g:s,Sage, lb 25(g55
. Garlic, lb 6©— | String Beans. Ib.IS«?2S
Green Peas, lb..lO®l*|Thyroe, lb 20330
: Lentils, lb 6® Turnips, doz 150:20
I Lettuce, doz 15<g 25 Tomatoes, lb s©lo
Fish, per pound—
'< Barracuda 10' Shad S@—
Carp 6© 9 Sea Bass SftlO
Codfish B®lo Smelts ;...15@—
Flounders 6@siPol?s B@—
Herring F>« 6 Skates, each.... Gs£lO
Halibut — ©13 ' Sturgeon 10012
Klngflsh B<SlO Tomcod 12615
Mackerel 15©— Clams, gal —#50
De. Horse — @— !Do hardshell. 100.50®—
Perch BSTIO Crabs, each 12815
Pompano $Ui— Do softshell, dz. .25^:5
Rockflsh 12«15 Mussels, qt lO&lZ
i Salmon, smoked. .2o(g>—; Oysters. Cal., 100.40<3—
Salmon, fresh lO'.tt. 1 Do Eastern, d0z. .25(340
j Shrimps S©10;
THE STOCK MARKET.
There whs quite a decline in mining stocks
yesterday, as will be seen by the list of pales
Trading was Ftlll tall find the decline was un
accompanied by any excitement.
The Bank of California will pay a quarter
ly dividend of $3 per share to-day.
The California Fat.- T>c-i>. 'sit and Trust Com
pany will ray the usual quarterly dividend
of $1 50 per share to-day.
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
regular quarterly dividend of 2 per cent, or at
the rate of 8 per cent per annum, payable Im
mediately.
The Santa Kulalia Mining Company of Mex
ico has levied an assessment of 10 cents per
share, delinquent February IS.
Local securities on the Bond Exchange *vere
active and firm and the sugar stocks wen*
higher, as will be seen by the list of sales.
The California Mortgage and Savings Bank
will hold a meeting March 8 to arrange for
the Increase of its capital stock from its pres
ent amount of 1250,000, divided into 2500 shares
of the par value of $100 each, to $1,000,000. di
vided Into 10,0*) shares of the jar value of $100
each.
The official report from the Standard Con
solidated mine at Bodie for the week ending
January S states that the usual prospecting
work was done in th. -Security. Bullion. Black.
Main Standard. Incline. Burgess and Fortuna
leclites on the 150. 172. 190, 24.'-, 2G5. 31S, 3SO. 470
and 6SX foot levels. No very Important changes
In the condition of the mine are mentioned.
The usual amounts of ore were extracted from
the stopes in the Moyle, Bullion. Black, In
cline and Fortuna ledges on the 150. 172 245
265. 88, M, SSO and 552 foot levels*
Standird Mill statement — Or° crushed for the
week. 25SH tons; average assay vanner tall
lnß3. $6 2": concentrates produce!. 21* tons;
assay value. $S0 21; amalgam produced, 630%
troy ounces; value per ounce, 's2.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: 'West crosscut No. 2.
s arte>l froir. the face of the south lateral
drift, has been advanced 11 feet during the
week, making its total length 27 feet; the face
is m ore assaying $1S per ton. touring the week
have hclsted 23 tons cf ore. Car samples aver
age $17 80 per ton."
BOARD SALKS.
Following; were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: .: ' "?"
Regular Session— :3o.
400 Belcher 33 : 400 Savage 15
4"0 Crown Point ... 12 40 Sierra Nev 61
300 Gould & Curry. 32 100 Utah 09
200 Potusi 2S 100 Yellow Jacket . 30
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 3.' 100 Con Cal & Va..110
400 36 1 800 Crown Point .. 25
200 Bullion 04 200 Kentuck 06
200 Challenge 20 HOC Sierra Nev .... M
BOOChollar .. 22 1 150 Union Con 34
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
20t» Belcher 36 ; 300 Justice 31
300 Best & Belchr.. 45 no Ophlr .. 54
500 Bullion 04 1 1300 PotosT 30
2CO Chollar 24 1200 31
200 : 23 100 32
450 Con Cal & Va..l 15 300 Savage 16
T00...... 1% 00 Sierra Nev 56
300 Crown Point ... 25 300 Utah ,09
200 Gould & Curry." 32 200 Yellow Jacket.. ' 31
. 200 Halo & Nrcrs.l 27»i 200 ...... S3
Afternoon Session.
1000 Alta 13 1 5<X» Hale & Norcrs..l 30
£00 Belcher 33 ! 800 Justice ■ ..32
400 ...Y............ 34 : 200 Occidental ....1 5"Va
300 .7.7 * .. 35 "00 Oph'.r 53
If Best & Belchr.. 45 i 200 Overman , I- 1
100 4S-400 Potosl . 32
100 Challenge Con.. 21 200 ...... 31
300 Con Cal & Va.. lHi2ooLnlon Con 34
300 113,200 , 3a
200 Crown Point . . . 23 i 400 . ■ ■ 38
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 14 — 4 p. m.
Alpha 06 06 Justice 32 33
Alta 13 14'Kentuck 05 08
Andes 11 12 ! Mexican' 22 23
Belcher 33 M N G & C 28 29
Best & Belchr. 45 46; Occidental — l 4o —
Bullion 03 04;Ophlr -So 56
Caledonia — 20 Overman 11 12
('hollar 21 23|Potosl 31 33
Con Cat & Va.l 10 1 20; Savage 1» 1<
Challenge 20 21rSeg Belchr .... to 07
Con Imprial .. 01 02! Scorpion .: — 06
Confidence 72 Sierra Nev ...-.->4 55
Crown Point... 24 25 Silver Hill .... 03 04
Con New York. 01 02 • Standard 140 —
Eureka Con ... 25 — j Union Con .... 34 35
Gould & Curry. 31 32 j Utah OS 10
Hale & Nrcrs..l 25.1 30 j Yellow Jacket. 30 31
Julia 01 — '
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, Jan. 14—2 p. m.
Bid. Asked I Bid. Asked
U S uonds— Oakland Gas.. 55% —
4s quar c0up. .114 115 V' S Pac Gas Jra... :: ' 3^ —
4s quar reg..112 — Pac LCo 56 56V6
is quar new ..125 — 8F O & E.. 95 95^4
Miscellaneous— San Fran " 3Vi 3?»
Cal-st cab 1124 — Stockton tias. 14% —
Cal El L <is 121" 1 -- — Insurance —
C C Wat 55. .100" — Firenrs Fnd..lSs —
Dup-st ex c. — 98*4 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .123 — Anglo-Cal .... 56^ —
F& Ch Ry65.116 — Bank of Ca1. .247% —
Geary-st R ss. — 101 Pal S D T.. 99 101
HC& (5 5%.. 102 107 First Nat ....135 205
L A L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A.... 123 130tf
Do gntd 6s. 99^101*9 Mer Exchnge. 12 —
Market-st .126 — I Nev Nat 8...150 —
Do Ist M55.U3%n4y 4 ' Savings Banks-
Nat Vln 6s lsts — 100 Ger S & L.. 1475 1620
NCg Ry 75.. 994101 Hum S & L.1030 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 10S I *— ' Mutual Say. 35 40
N Ry Cal 55.. 102 - 8 F Say U.. 475 . — .."-'
NP C Ry 65.104 Vi — SA L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry ,'s. 99% — Security Sv. 250 —
Oak Gas 55... 104 — Union T to. :50 —
Do 2d Is 55.. i1l 112 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 123^130 California ....108 110%
PA- o Ry f.3.110 115 Geary 40 —
P & CH Ry6s.loSHllo>-i Market-st — 52H —
Poweli-st 65... 120 124 Oak SL,& H. — —
Reno V\*l,&L.. — 105 Presidio 1 —
Sac Elecßyos. — 100 ; Powder—
S F ft N P BS.IWHIOSH California .... 92V5107^
S P of Ar 6s.ioi'»i"i", E Dynamite .. 65 90
S P Oil 6s 109 110 Giant Con Co 38 3S^
SPC Ist eg ss. 961*100 ViKorit •3% 3%
S P Br 6b.. 109 109% Miscellaneous—
S V Wat 88..119V4 - A! Vac Assn. .loo lOOVi
S V Wat 43..102H — Ocr LA Wks.loo —
Stock Gas 85..i00 — HC & S Co.. 30"4 31
Water— Hutch S P Co. 41% 42
Contra Costa. 51 57»,fe Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Mai-ln Co .... 50 — Nat Vtn Co .. — 7V4
Spring Val ...100 100 ii Oc S Co — 36
Gas & Electric— . Pac A F Al.. 1 2%
Cent Gaslight. 9S'-<. — Pac Bor C 0... 93 —
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. 6% —
MEL C 0.... 15% 16
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
310 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar SI 00
155 Market-street Railway 52 75
50 Hutchinson S P Co 41 25
50 do do 41 60
50 do do s 10 41 50
70 do do 41 62Va
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 95 23
-4 do do 95 00
$5000 3 P of A Bonds 10175
$2000 - P Branch Ry Bonds 109 12Vi
125 Vigorit Powder 3 75
Street—
300 Hutchinson S P Co 40 50
60 do do 4° '5
$13,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 (V)
AFTERNOON SESSION.
115 Giant Powder Con 3S 00
20 Hawaiian Commercial and Sugar 31 00
135 Hutchlnson S I' Co 41 75
$2000 Park and Cliff House Bonds 110 00
$3000 do do 109 00
15 S F Gas and Electric Co 95 25
20 do do 95 00
$2000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 62!£
Street—
lOOAnglo-Cal Bank 56 50
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamek. I From- , I
Empire Coos Bay
Chllkat !•>; River
San Jose Xanalmo
Del Korte Grays Harbor
Are.ita Coo« Bay
Polumoia Portland
Peru China and Japan
Homer ; Coos Bay
Wellington : Departure Bay
Mackinaw Taooma '.
Weeott Humooldtßay
Pomona. .... Humfcoicit Bay ......:
Crescent City.. Crescent City ......'..;,
Santa Rosa . . 'San Diego.. .:.............
UmatUla . Victoria * Pucet Sna ....
Australia Honolulu ;
Coos Bay Newport
State or Cai — Portiana j
A Blanchard.. : . I Oresron ports
Colon ! Panama
North Fork Ittumooiat
Queen San Dle^o
Willamette i Seattle
City Puebla.. .. Victoria and Pupet Sound 1
Dub
ran U
•in 14
r .in It
ran 16
ran IS
ran 15
ran 15
lan 15
Jan lii
lan 16
Jan It!
■>:x;\ 17
.Tan 17
Jan 17
Jan 17
Jan 19
Jan 19
Jan 20
Jan 20
Jan 20
Jan 21
Jan 21
Jan 20
! Jan 22
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. i Destination Sails. i PrER.
Czarina — Coos Bay Jan 15., 6 Pier -8
President.. Yaquina Bay. Jan 15, 9 am pier 4
Oueen San Dletro . Jan 15.11 am Pier U
Beigrie . Chlna&Japan. Jan 15. 1 rii P.M S3
Walla Wlla Vie A P Sound Jan 16, a am Pier it
Homer Newport. Jan 17. 9 AM Pier 11
Excelsior.. Alaska Jan it. 12 M pier 23
Arcata Coos Bay Jan 18. 10 am Pier 13
Pomona — Humblilt Bay. Jan 18. 2 Pier 9
Del None. Grays Harbor Jan IS, 12 pier 2
Columbia.. Portland . ... Jan IK. 10 AM Pier 21
CityofSyd Panama Jan 18, l- m I'M S3
Weeott Humbldt Bay. Jan 1?, 9 am Pier 13
Santa Rosa San Diego.... Jan 19, 11 am Pier 11
Crescent C Crescent City. Jan 19 3 pier —
Chlikat.... Eel River Jan 19. am Pier 13
Coos Bar.. Newport. Jan n. 9 am Pier 11
Umatlll.:. Vie & I'm Snd : Jah 21. 9 am! Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Jan 33, 10 am Pier 24
Sails.
! PfER.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetto Survay
Tim J8 and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by Offlcial Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point*
the height of tide Is the same at both places
JANUARY— IS9B.
'Time
Hlvi
Feet
Tin,, Feet Tlme' peet !
L W H W'
Feet
15 4:SU| 5.4 11:24,
U 6:1« 5-tj! 12:31 :
17 «:08l 5." 1:&3
L W! H \V
18 0:41 3.1 7:01
19! 1:48 3.2 8:02
2O| 2:4S 8.2 B:6:*'
1.11 5:501 3"o; 10:40, ill
(1-5! 7:28 3.6 1 11
O.Oj B:m| 3.;
L W h W '"
i; <i.6 9:ae «.O
6.1 3:31 -0.9 10:50 (S
8J 1:-'U -1.1 n ; ;i 3 434 3
NOTE.— In the above exposition of thp tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the thin! tide
and the last or right hand column gtvos the
last tide of the day, except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign < — ) precedes the height and
then the number given Is subtractive from tha
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the UlUtod States Hydrojrrr\rh!o
Office, located in the Merchants' Kxchanpe, Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
fn f expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and saii
luk directions of the world are keft on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained repardlng
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ton minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. < ';il.
A notice statins whether tne time ball was
dropped on time or giving- the error. If nny. (3
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morninß papers the r.->!|owins
day. A\\ s. HUGHKS.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Columbia River Llpht Vessel No. 60.
Office United States Light-hou^e ' Inspector.
Portland. Or., January 10, IS9S. '■
Notice is hereby Riven that on or about
January 15 189 S. Light Vessel No. 50 will be
n placed on her station, oft the entrance to the
Columbia River, about S'x miles S by \V, 7S
\V, from Cape Disappointment Light-house
and Light Vessel No. Xl • " ■>-arily marking
the station, will be withdrawn.
No change has been i.ia^c .v Light Vessel
No. 50 as to characteristics, of light, fog sig
nal or general appearance.
This notice affects the List of T.lirhts and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. 1597. page 20. No.
1043,' and the List of Beacons and Uuoys Pa
cific Coast, 1536, , pages 36 and 41. By order of
the Light-house Board. QEO. C RRITER
Commander. U. S. Navy. Light-house In- \
■pector. . mm
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic OfUce. a. S. N Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, .'anuary
Trie time ball on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day— i.e., at noon
of the 120 th meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m..
Greenwich time. w. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charge.SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
c.™- c , -^ Friday. January 14.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers. 41 hours from San Pe
dro: ballast, to L E White Lumber Co.
ftmr < oquille n River. Johnson, U hours from
ber Co S ' 3 °° M " lumber - to Union Lum
rin 1 ,™ 1 , C 't. one> Strand. 16 hours from Mendo
£?i lum , ber - to Mendoclno Lumber Co.
Mmr Alcazar, Gunderson. 41 hours from
ber Co^ Anseles; ballast, lo L E White Lum
w^ mr Kmplre. Nelson. 70 hours from Coos
Rti, m 2**m 2**- to Oregon Coal and Navigation Co.
nnin r. Presldem> Nelson, 64 hours from Ya
and n East^n as f, and mdse> to Oregon Central
and Lastern Railway Co.
•Rfv. mr hUkat \ Dunham, 75 hours from Alsea
Ba>, 3 ( uo cs salmon. 10 Henry E Allen.
SAILED.
ct~ _ „ Friday, January 14.
Stmr Pomona. Cousins. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Iceland, Santa Cruz etc.
btmr Sunol. I'.'ttmers.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. Fort Orate.
Haw ark , M T a " Ra Ala. Smith, Honolulu.
: i tn Uncle John. Murchison. New Whatcom.
« i! r £' or ' eer - Mikkeler. Grays Harbor,
bohr Edward Parke. Johnson. Astoria.
Schr Christina Steffen?. Voftl. Timber Cove.
Bchr S Danlelson. Nelson. Mendoclno.
» hr Five Brothers, Jensen,
fcchr Lily. Bottger. T'mpqua.
brhr Emma Utter. Allen, Grays Harbor.
ports"" Bonlta. Nioolson, San Diego and way
CHARTERS.
nin!\ c ? lllp O V F "abcock loads sugar at Hon-
Hnnoin^fn e « T°£' V kln Encore, sugar at
iinnolulu for San Francisco.
Eppinger & c' erneUl ' Symmers, Queenstown;
TELEGRAPHIC
roiNT LOBOS, Jan 14. in p. m. -Weather
cloudy; wind. S\V; velocity. C mile B . ealner>
SPOKE.V.
Dec 10. 43 S. SS W. Br ship Clan Galbraith
from Liverpool for San Francisco. ualDraun '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES-Passed Jan 14-Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka for San Pedro ; schr \llce
t pnPT r °, m ,,S? I . lv for San Francisco A " Ce
E p °a^ T f LI^ LO \\"-^lloa Jan "- Schr Chas :
i. talk, for San Francisco.
a.7d A<l iv2. SS rr H aMed <™ U " stm « San Jose
FraneUco Jebsen - from Nanalmo for San
PORT TOWN SEND-Arrived Jan 14-Chil
tt&SSZ&Z&nSZo** V1 "° ria: «*'
k } r^ kV3£^ii* Jan "-** ™">
v - stmr Green -
S^pSt^"* 11 " 6 * Jan "~ Schr Zampa, for
TILLAMOOK— SaiIed Jan 13— Schrs Arthur
1 TATOO^'t" 1 for an Frisco ArthUr
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 14— H B M stmrs
Esquimau Sparrowhawk! hence Jan 11 for
rur ERE R^ GG hh E e^e S i bay Jan 14 - Bark Ru
rSggfttSSSUlr* 14 " SChr Serena
Ja S n EATTLE Arrlved Jan 14 Shi " Spartan, he
V?&&&W£3SS" Jan "- Schr R
T A vvn=^n dd d Jan M*!" C S Holmes, from Port
PORT LOS AXGELES-Arrived Jan 13-Stmr
Mmeola. from Comox.
ASTORIA— Arrived Jan 14— Br ship Poltal- !
fr^rn Ca^Tow^ Bay: Br ShiP *»«***™
NEWPORT— Arrived Jan 14— Schr Challen
ger, from Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Jan 14-Stmr National
City, from Eureka.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan Schr Lottie
Jan 'i " from Eureka: D S tn ' r Alert, hence
Jan 11.
GRAYS HARBOR— Jan 14-Schr
Repeat, hence Jan 1.
PORT BLAKELti- Sailed Jan 14— Bark Co
lumbia, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Jan 14-Stmr Tilla- ,
rnook, from Newport. •
EASTERN PORTS.
KEW YORK— Sailed Jan 13— Stmr Briham
lor Seattle; ship Arya. for San Francisco.
NK'W YORK— Arrived Jan 14— Stmr Brit
tanic, from Liver;
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA- Jan Stmr San Bias,
hence Pec 9.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived Jan 13-Er ship
Blythswood, from Oregon.
Sailed Jan 13— Ger ship Christine, for Ear
row.
PATAPSCO RlVEß— Sailed Jan 13— Ship
Kenn^h*- for Pan Francisco.
ANTWERP— In port Jan 13— Br ship City of
Athens, for Oregon, to sail Feb 20: Br "ship
Glenbreck. for San Francisco, to sail Jan ■•".
LIVERPOOL-Arrived Jan 13— Ship Henry
Failing, hence Sept 10.
PANAMA— Arrived Dec 23-Stmr Starbuck.
from Champ
LADY ELLIOTT ISLAND— SaiIed Xov 19—
Bktn Geo C Perkins, for Honolulu.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS
BOULOGNE— SaiIed Jan 13- Stmr Rotter
dam, for New York.
NAPLES-Sailed Jan 13— Etmr Ems. for
New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Jan 13— Stmr Ethiopia for
Jsew York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Jan 14-Sthr Nomadic,
for New York.
IMPORTATIONS.
xX 1 ? I *?* POINT- Por Qip«y-7i b« apples,.
619 sks I cans. 43 sks wheat. 10 bxs cheese
. Amesport— 4ss - IS barley. 55 sks wheat, 17
bdls hides.
Moss Landing— l bx butter. 20 wheels. 3 bdls
Irons, 512 sks potatoes.
Soquei — 51 rolls 101 bdls paper,
Monterey— 2 caka whale oil, l sk clothing, 300
Ska potatoes.
Santa Cruz— 6 cs cheese, 2 bxs butter 130
Bks raps.
YAQTTNA BAT— President— Rs2 sks oats
1021 sks wheat, 135 ska potatoes, COO sks shorts
SO3 hf-sks 190 gunnies flour, 7 cds stavebolts,
2 bbls salmon. 2 coops gees*, 1 hx butter 4 sks
onions, 2 cs e&ps. 2 : pkgs hides, 2 sks medical
bark, 1 bx meat, 2 bxs apples, 1 bx honey, l
bale glue stock. I pkgs }un*. 21 hxs fruit, 1
coop chickens, IS ska bark. 14 pkgs household
goods.
COOS BAY— Empire— 3s pkgs household
goods. 4 bdls pelts, 14 bdls hides, 9 bbls sal
mon, 152 bxs apples, 303 sks potatoes, 600 tons
coal.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Gipsy— McDonouKh & Runyon: II Du
tard: Bray Sows & Co; \v>!lman. Peek & Co-
F H Hammer; Wolf & Sons: Standard Oil
Co; Albert & Clayburs: H Jooat; Hooker &
Co; Milwaukee Brewery; Thus Loutrhran-
Arctic Oil Co: Mijrliavacra Wine Co; Roth &
Co: Cal Bottliner Co: Jose Pedro: Tubbs
Cordage Co: Union Paper Co; Cal Tallow
work«: Norton. Teller & Co: Dairyman's
Union:) Hi's Bros: Miller & Son.
Per President— Moore, Ferfruson & Co: H F
Allen: Anspacher Bros: C .1 L!«>at & Co; r \
Barrel Co: \V C Price A Co; \V C Shepard:
Man. Pa<*.ler & Co: \v i; immr.er A- Co: Stand
ard Oil Co: Cal Glue Co: '"has Barley & Co;
L I>allman: H Dutard: Clyde Cook.
PeY American Type Foundry Co- O
C & N Co; W B Sumntr & Co: II Smith-
Erlaneer & Galinger; \\>tmor»> Bros; Rphr
man Bros; Tboa Loußhran: Dalton Tims A-
Co: Hunt, Hatch & Co; McDonoueh & Run
yon: P A Buell & v. ; Wells. Fargo &Co
WHIST FLAYERS
IN CONVENTION
Election of Officers Will Take
Place at To-Day's Meet
ing.
Unbounded Interest Manifested in the
Fourth Annual Tourna
mci :t.
, The Pacific Coast "Whist Association
convened yesterday morning at the head
quarters of the San Francisco "Whist
Club, 326 Post street, and delegates from
fourteen clubs were present, over whom
President Tormey presided. The princi
pal business transacted was the appoint
ment of a nominating committee for the
purpose of naming candidates for officers
of the association. These will be bal
loted for at to-day's meeting and will
serve for the ensuing year. Three new
clubs were received into the organiza
tion, these haling from Portland, Sacra
mento and Mill Valley. In the afternoon
the teams from the respective clubs who
had entered for the Rideout trophy con
test adjourned to the rooms of the Trist
Club, at which ten tables were occupied
by the contestants, who were soon in
tently absorbed in the game. About sixty
participants remained in the San Fran
cisco Club rooms to compete in the pro
gressive matches for pairs and fours.
The results up to midnight were as
follows, and the score was systematically
kepi according to the Tormey method of
scoring:
For the Rldeout Trophy contest:
Club-- . , Matches Won
Eschscholtzla 11
Linda Victa. 1t
Mill Valley ..
Portland ' "...1..'.'.'. 9.
Sacramento \ '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 7
Kan Francisco (men) '.'.'.'.'.'.". 91
San Francisco (women) ' i«
Santa Rosa ..:.:: fi i7
Vallejo ...'.'.'.'.'.■.'.'.".".'.'.'.■.■.■.■.■.■■.■.■.■.■.'.■ 7 f '
The four clubs to compete in the semi
finals this afternoon are the San Fran
clsco l . dies i'- who stand first - the Linda
Valley crubS BChSCh ° ltZla and the Mill
The Winers of the progressive match for
pairs were: Mr. [totaling and Mr. Abra
ham for north and south pairs, with a
score of ill tricks won; Mrs. lirnwn and
Mrs. Blankenship won for the east and
west, With m tricks.
The winners of the progressive match for
for fours were: D £ league, Mr Barn
hardt, Mr. Bell and Mr. Sturgeon, win
nine by two points.
A SOUTH SEA
FISH STORY
The Morning Star Is Soon
to Turn Her Head
Homeward.
News From the Missionaries
at the Marshall Island
Group.
A Native Pastor Is Compared to Moody
With Black Hands and
Face.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 14.
Arthur P. Alexander of this city, one
of the missionaries on board the Morn
ing Star, has forwarded the following ;
interesting correspondence to The Call, j
regarding the doings and adventures of j
the missionaries in the South Sea. The
Morning Star is the vessel which makes
San Francisco her home and which is j
supported by the Congregational Sun
day-schools of the United States.
Emrog, Jaluit, Marshall Islands,
Oct 24, 1897.
Since writing the last letter from Pon
api we have heen back to Kusaie, and
are now about to make the Marshall
Islands tour. On October S Mr. and Mrs.
Price, Miss Fora, -loses and the rest of
the Buk missionaries were left on shore
mapi and we steamed away for
Kusaie. reaching there on the 12th at 10:30
a. m. Early Sunday morning a cano< m
sent from shore for me with a note from
Mr. Walkup, Baying: "Am waiting break
fast: chicken, beans, etc; so come at
once." It is neeaiesa to say 1 did so. and
Sunday on shore. 1 attended the
Gilbert Sunday-school and church; later
the English services at the pirls" school
at 4:30 p. m.. and Christian Endeavor at
Dr. Rife's in the evening, thoroughly en
joying all the services, whi-m the true
spirit of reverence is manifested among
these natii
Early Monday morning T went out to
the Star again and helped finish the "girls'
room" for the Marshall Island trip. We
sighted this lagoon on Friday evening,
late, but did not enter it until yesterday
morning. While I think of it, although 1
j:ive you the same date and day of the
wi "k. y< t we are a day behind you. To
illustrate: T am writing this on Sunday
evening at 6:30 o'clock, which will corrt
spuno il'JSu Monday night at home. Yes
. ! w.;it ashore at the German sta
tion, and. after enjoying the Bcenery and
a short visit with th>' friends, went back
to the Star, and at 3:36 the anchor was
hoisted and we St< amed away across the
lagoon to Jeremiah's station, where we
arrivtd at .":15. At dark I went ashore
with Dr. Rife and assisted him in giving
a magic lantern lecture on the Kiblc.
I wish I could mak.- a sketch
of this native pastor, Jeremiah.
Imagine, if you can, h I). 1.. Moody wiih
a black face and bands and a livrht tw ard,
and y>u have some Idea of this native
:•; yet only a very imperfect one.
He Is a power for X'""l In this region.
From here wo make a tour of this group,
returning to Kusaie December 24 or there
abouts: then off about the tirst of the
year for the Gilbert Islands for fh.y or
sixty days and then homeward bound,
as every mile we make toward Kusaie
and Ruk means just so many miies
r the dear homeland.. We hope to
roach Honolulu about the Ist of April, or
earlier if nothing happens to prevent.
Captain Bray is much better, and all the
rest arc well and doing nicely.
Millie, Marshall Islands, Nov. IS. •'.<-.
After leaving Jaluit we sailed to the
westward ami reached Ebone on ttw
of last month. From there we \\-nt t<>
Namarik, then on to Ailiang-lapalajs. At
this | i over Sunday. We
arrived at Wattho on Monday morning at
9:30. This island is the most north. rnly
station in the work and has only about
fifty adults and very few children. The
next evening we left for Ujae.
At this place we were invited to at
a "big fish." so after BUpper four
or five of us went ashore. As soon as
the moon was up they ithe natives who
to draw the net) went out on the
to a point whrr.- a school of lish
had been found and then began to let
out the net. which consisted simply of
leaves rpalm) tied together. The fish were
soon surrounded and then the net and
all was dragged to a shallow spot and
the fun began for the natives. I shall
not attempt to describe this event until
I reach h<>me. will only say that it was
intensely interesting for us as on-look
ers.
You may not believe me. yet it is the
simple truth when I say thai
were landed either on shore or on board
the Plar. 1 did not like the rhi \
the fish and several were made very ii!
by too freely partaking of th^m.
"Kmojlan is the larg-st lagoon in this
group, being sixty miles long and about
twenty miles wide. We went out be
tween two small Islets ii"t more than
twenty-five f> et to spare on each sHe
■pf the shin, yet the water deep enough
for the Star, amid scenery beautiful be
yond mere words. I thought we wif
running aground so elo«e were we to the
cocoanut trees. By daylight the n< xt
morning we reached I.ae. This island is
what might be called a model lagoon,
about twenty miles i"iig and eight miles
wide, the reef containing some fiv<- or
six small islands with very pretty trees
ns far as we could see. l turVe been able
to secure a large number of picture'; with
my camera, and with these you will ho
able to form a slight idea of the beauty
of these islands "f the s^a when I re
turn. ARTHT'R P. ALEXANDER.
FROM THE RIVALS' CAMP.
Washington Parties Come to This
City to Outfit for Klondike-
Secretary Carman is expected back to
the city -within a few days, and the work
at the rooms of the Alaska Trade Com
mittee will be pushed to the utmost,
Preparations are being made to thor
oughly bill and post ail the
mining towns. as the letters and
inquiries received every day con
vince the committee that it is very im
portant that this should be done, i,arge
quantities are being sent daily through
the mail, but it is found inadequate, and
the committee proposes to reach every
person who intends going, WAetac-r >... -
ing for information or nut.
Parties called yesterday who represented
others who are about tO leave for Alaska
from Alabama. North Carolina, New Jer
sey, Connecticut, Massachusetts. New
Hampshire. Illinois, lowa and Missouri.
A visitor, representing a party of ten from
Pennsylvania, said that the men of whom
he was the forerunner would arrive in
San Francisco next month and would
purchase their entire outfits here. It is
their present plan to sail from here so as
to reach Southern Alaska about March L
One party of fifteen which has decided
to go to the Klondike has written to the
Alaska Trade Committee that it intends
outfitting from San Francisco and taking
steamer here. Strange as it may seem,
this party hails from an Inland town in
the State of Washington, but it Intimates
that it will find it very much to Its ad
vantage to come to this city to make its
purchase of supplies and to take passage
for the north.
The executive committee of the Alaska
trade committee will hold an important
meeting this morning at 10 o'clock at
the Ferry building.
It has been suggested that the commit
tee should keep standing advertisements
in a number of the large papers of the
East and South, setting forth in full the
character of the work the committee has
undertaken, so as to direct inquiries of
Klondike travelers to , the central office
of the committee in this city. Up to the
present time nothing of tins sort baa been
done and the only outside advertisement
which the Alaska Trade Uureau has had
has been through the news columns of the
newspapers and the sending of the special
ar with an exhibit to Chicago. In this
way tens of thousands of copies of maps
and advertising circulars have been dis
tributed by mall and hundreds of copies
every day handed to visitors over the
counter of the bureau. It is thought that
■>■.■ keeping standing advertisements in
Eastern papers a large number of per
sons would be informed of the work
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXFAEY 15, 189 S.
which is being done to put before the
world the resource* of San Francisco as
an outfitting and shipping point for
Alaska travelers, and the preater part
of these would be persons who had not
heard, except in an indirect way, of the
advantages of coming to this city on their
way to Alaska. TO undertake this ad
vertising the committee will probably
need additional funds, but it feela th;i"t
the result will be bo satisfactory that
the Investment will pay many times over.
The crowds at the bureau seem to be
paining in numbers from day to day and
the inquiries received by mail are con
stantly increasing. A large party, which
is preparing to leave for Alaska, has
written from Wyoming that it will come
this way. Another party has been heard
from in Washington, and scores of in
dividuals and small organizations are
writing every day to get the latest in
formation about the dates of tho depart
ure of vessels and the cost of outfits.
WILL COME BY THOUSANDS.
No Limit to Klondißers Wh.o Will
Pass Through Tbis City.
The Alaska trade committee held a
business meeting yesterday morning.
President Sherwood stated that the pur
pose of the meeting was to consider fur
ther means of advertising In Eastern
cities. He laid before the committee a
proposition to advertise in the columns
of Eastern papers, where as low rates as
possible would be secured, for the pur
pose of making known the advantages of
San Francisco as an outfitting point.
Tho following resolution was adopted
by the committee: "Resolved, That the
funds hereafter collected by the commit
tee, otuside of present contracts, be used
only for the purpose of newspaper ad
vertising."
\Y. S. Scammell. who was one of the
party who went East in the special car,
explained the condition of affairs in the
Bast, and outlined the work that has
been done and is now under way. Presi
dent Sherwood also read communications
from Governor Sheakley and D. M. Car
man regarding the work in Chicago. Then
followed a discussion about the collec
tion of funds for the. committee's work,
and the city, as districted by the presi
dent, was read, and each member "i ihc
committee was given a certain distric: to
canvass f<>r subscriptions for the purpose
of advertising, as outlined in the resolu
tion.
An unusual number of inquiries by mail
were received yesterday, and a lame
number of letters in answer to the quan
:' literature was forwarded to the
addresses of the writi rs.
A letter was received from a represen
tative of ■ parts °f tit t y men in Peoria,
111., who says that his party will leave
for Alaska early in the sprinp. and pre
fers to Kn by way of San Francisco. He
asks for all the literature at tl
Of tho Alaska Ruroau. Another was from
a party of twenty-five from the state of
Maine, and others from Nova Scotia. Vir
ginia and Georgia, besides the usual num
ber of Inquiries from Individuals and par
tlea In the .Mi. idle West and South, pre
paring to leave for Alaska as MX
possil representative of a party
of twenty-five from the South cailt'l ai
the bureau yesterday fi-r prices on out
fits He stated that each member of bis
party had subscribed (2000 to a k
fund". This amount of money the party
is prepared t.i Bpend for outfits and pro
visions sufficient to last for two years.
A circular letter has l><-.>n Issued by the
committee to the business men and prop
erty owners of the , i t > calling "ii them
to make further BUbscriptiona to the fund
of th< Trade Bureau. It repre
ss nts that ;;futers will -
. fifty million dollars on the I
. and that no matter what the ef
forts of the other coast cities to handle
surh an army of travelers, San Frai
can and will outfit them cheap*
ter. It is also urged that San Francisco
should ii. the outfitting, which In turn
will mean the Inflating when tl
ml miners come here to enjoy s^mt of
the fruits of their hard-earned labor.
CARROLL WAS ON
THE WARPATH
Charges Beverly Dodson, the
Colored Contractor, With
Perjury.
Result of an Affidavit and Altercation
in the Justice Court Yes
terday.
As a result of an altercation in Justice
Carroll's court yesterday and a subse
quent wordy war in the corridor, a war
rant is out for the arrest of Beverly Dod
son, the colored contractor, on a charge
of perjury.
Dodson, who has frequent hearing
tore the local courts, bad ■ i
Justice Carroll. i it t.i be ti
I ti> another Justice. Dodson was
i'.isiii 1 with making the usual mo
tion for a change of venue, but alleged in
his affidavit, sworn to before Justice
Barry, that Justice Carroll made the re
mark in public that he hnd "no vi
myhow."
W'hfii Dodson' a attorney presented the
::.• -nt to Justice t'arroll to support
his motion for a change of venue the jus
• ■! to the Btat< irv 1,1 i hai he had
• ■ "had no '••■• for a ■ \gg< r. anyhow,"
and told the attorney that he would
■ utractor to prove he said such a.
thing.
Dodson heard of what had happened, and
when Justice Carroll came "'it int^> the
dor threatened to assault htm t^r
his utterances. Justice Carroll decided it
was time to ;;•!■;■• action, and asked and
obtained a warrant for Dodson's ai
on a charge of perjury.
WANT HEAVY DAMAGES.
Muroe Bros. & riume tfave piled
Suit flgaiQSt the fllasKa
Packers' Association.
Hume Brothers & Hume, salmon pack
ers. fii< d an action in the Superior Court
yesterday against the Alaska I.
Association to recover $100,000 damage?
for alleged deprivation of rights at the
hands of the defendant and injury which
result, d therefrom, it is alleged by the
plaintiffs that while the-,
in fishing for salmon and other ib-i
the mouths of the Karluk and Chlgnic
rivers, in Alaska, during several months
of last year they were Interfered with
by the defendani corporation. They claim
that they expended much money in send
out fishing expeditions ami en I
i anneries, and owing to the Interference
of the <!, fendani they were damaged to
rtent «i the amount sued for.
George Green to Walcolt
The following letter from <;>-orge Green
to The ''all speaks for itself:
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: Notic
ing the controversy between Tom
O'Rourke, Walcott'a manager, and Kid
McCoy, (md being personally Interested
in both parties as possible contestants, l
hope you will publish the following:
l recognize the fact • <'< being def«
by Joe \\'.il< ott as a great setback to
me. While ] have to acknowledge that he
is a great lighter, 1 think that if given
another chance I can reverse the decision
in our last contest. I know positively
that I can do better than I did in that
::. I .lo not think 1 was in propel
condition that night; not, however, from
lack of bard work, but from overtraining,
consequently, being down too Qne,
Le< YYaleott and me fight, and the
winner fight McCoy. Should ] prove the
winner, I will bet McCoy $5000 that 1 can
.!. fee i him.
1 was matched with him once at Wheel-
Ing, W. Ya., but the contest did nt>t come
oft 1 hope that Mr. O'Rourke will con
sider my proposition, as i paean business.
and will go anywhere on earth to fight
Walcott again. Respectfully,
080. F. GREEN.
In the Divorce Courts
Leonora Bldwell was granted a divorce
from her husband. .-<■•• M. Bidwell, bj'
Judge Belcher yesterday morning on the
ground of willful desertion. The minor
children of the litigants were given into
the custody of the plaintiff. Lydia J.
Miller was granted her application for a
divorce from Rolla Miller "ii the ground
of failure, to provide. The custody of
two minor children was granted " the
plaintiff.
ADOPTS HIS
OWN CHILD
Baron Knapp's Device to
Secure Her a
Dowry.
She Will by This Means be One
of Her Father's Future
Children.
Petition Filed to Comply With the
Requirements of German
Laws.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway, Jan. li.
Baron Yon Knapp filed a petition in the
Superior Court this evening to be per
mitted to legally adopt his own daugh
ter that she may inherit her individual
fortune from her recently deceased
grandfather and also her title of Count
ess.
Baron Yon Knapp. as was stated ex
clusively in The Call, recently inherited
a fortune from his father in Germany.
In his earlier life he was married to a
California girl and some time later they
were divorced A little girl, the issue of
the union, was awarded to her mother,
and this is the young lady whose father
is anxious to adopt her. In the will of the
elder Yon Knapp there is an apportion
ment of 90.000 marks for "all future chil
dren" of William Yon Knapp of Califor
nia. In ord.r to acquire this money for
his child, the Baron has been advised by
the German Consul that to comply with
German law he must adopt the child by
which proceeding she will become one of
his '•future ( hildren under the terms of
his father's will.
The petition of Yon Knapp recites these
details, and as it appears that the child's
mother offers no objection to the pro
cedure, it is not likely that his petition
will be denied. By his father's will the
Baron Inherited nearly half a million
marks, and he has recently received the
first installment.
MYSTERY OF A
MASON'S DEATH
Joseph Reaside Found on the
Berkeley Track Horribly
Mutilated.
Nothing to Show Whether It Was a
Case of Accident or Sui- »
cide.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
I ■ adway, Jan. 14.
The Morgue contains one of the most
D at that insti
tution. It is the b "ly of a man ground
all to pieces, wjth not enough left to
identify it. The fact that the unfortu
was carrying i large number of re-
Is the only clew that
ever have made him known. They
all bear the nan h Reaslde.
Among the papers were receipts show
ing that he had joined the Masonic fra
ternity In .Paisley, Scotland, August 4,
ISS2. paying an admission fee of £2 5s 6d.
Then there were receipts showing that
lie belonged to Waukegan Lodge No. 7S,
F. and A. M.. of Waukegan, ill.; Wau
kegan Chapter No. 41, R. A. M..: Wau
kegan Commandery No. 12. K. T. ; Me
dina Temple. Ancient Arabic Order; No
bles of the Mystic Shrine. Oasis of Chi
cago, and Oriental Consistory of Chi
cago.
He had been serving as a trainer for
Daniel O'Keefe, owner of the horse Sil
vet State and other racing horses, at
the California Jockey Club, Emeryville.
Last night, while on the way to the
track, near midnight, be was literally
ground to pieces by the local train near
Shell Mound. Whether death was acci
dental, murder or a suicide, only a most
searching Coroner's inquest will ever be
able to develop.
None of the trainmen saw the man be
fore the accident. Conductor H. J.
Pereau felt the jar as the train passed
over the body and signaled the engineer
to stop. On going back to investigate
the body was found strewn along the
track for fifty yards.
Several letters were found showing that
the deceased had a brother, David Rea
side. at Waukegan, 111.. besides other
friends. Other letters were from H. T.
Mayo, of Gilroy and George M. Ped
ley of Wankegan. The "W'aukegan Com
mandery was at once notified and this
afternoon the following reply was re
ceived:
"J. F. Chandler. Commander OaklarM
Commandery No. 11: Ship remains by ex
press to Waukegan. Protect all inter
ests of deceased at inquest and else
where, Wire when to meet remains in
Chicago. My commandery responsible.
"LESLIE P. HANNA. Commander.*'
Coroner Baldwin will begin an inquest
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock.
MRS. ALVORD ILL.
Trje Wife of the Milliooaire Barker
ir) a Weak. Condition.
Mrs. William Alvord, th« Wife of Wil
liam Alvord, tn<- millionaire baakc
isly ill at h<r hum. :\.|< .T ickson
street. Mrs. -V •■••n ill fi>r some
time, but of late her condition has been
more serious and last night she was in
a very weak condition. Drs. Keeny and
Stone are In constant attendance, and
si \>rai other physicians have been called
into consultation.
Native Sons' Annual Banquet
National rari>.r, x. s. o. w., held Its
annual banquet and installation of of-
Rcers at the Native Bons' building Thurs
day evening. A nandred or more <>f the
members were present, and they enjoyed
a tempting repast as a preliminary to
the m"r»- Important work of the even
Ing. The following, officers, elected for the
ensuing term, were installed; District
deputy, William Soul.-; past president,
William ]•:. l-vtt: president, William *;.
Barr; tirst vt< ■ ■; i:. m. Hall:
Ident . K. P. Wehe; third
vice-president, A, Vaughn; recording
-.try. w. Doughty; financial
retary. William Larktns; treasurer, P. v.
■In Puy; trustees tGeorge Koch, 0 C
Kelfer, William ''lark; line!.
.1. K;i> : outside sentinel, Qeorge Vaughn;
i >r. Nathan Rogers; organist!
William •'• liarioun.
President Willis M. Brown was
ited with a superb badge, and
Treasurer Peter <:. dv Puy with a splen
did gold watch, the latter officer bavins
c-d a five-year t. rm In a mann*^
which had won for him the hi
iii all the members of the parlor.
Editor of the London Christian.
To-morrow afternoon, at 3 o'clock. Rev
Morgan, editor of "Th< Christian,''
of London, will ;. l.inss the man meet
inc at the Young Men's Christian A*so
ciation, Mason and Ellia streets Mr
Mi rgan's r> putation as an editor and
speaker is sure to crowd the ball This
will bo his only address in San Fran
i toco, as !.■ tor the Booth Tues
day. The meeting will be open to tin*
public and all are Invited to attend both
men and women. The Ladles' Junior
Quartel of the First Baptist church will
siiiM r at this service.
Sllvestrl in Contempt of Court.
OJeorpo W. Rilvestrt in future will bear
considerable more regard for an onl. r of
cotui than in days gone by. Several
months a.co Silvestri's wifo obtained ; ,
divorce from him. and In the decree th<
court ordered thai be pay Mrs. Bllvestri
alimony in the sum of $10 a. month. Sii
vistri failed to follow Instruction, and a
short time ago his action was complained
of. Owing to the complaint Judge Belcher
ordered Silvestri to appear and show
cause why he did not obey the order of
court and pay his wife the alimony al
lowed her. Silvtstri failed to appear in
due time, and yesterday Judge Belcher
held that he was in contempt of court
for his action, and ordered that the dis
obedient one be confined in the County
Jail until he was willing to obey the
nnlrr. An order for his arrest and con
finement was issued, and when he can be
found he will be taken to jail where he
will remain until ordered released by the
court.
ANTON SCMOTT IN CONCERT.
fin Evcrjing's EQtcrtaiomeQt With
Educational Sorjg Recitals.
The auditorium in the Young Men's
Christian Association building was com
fortably tilled last night by those of San
Francisco's music loving citizens who
went to hear the celebrated German sing
•r. Anton Schott. The evening's enter
tainment was catalogued with Schott as
the leading magnet, assisted by Miss Gor
don and Miss Voltz in what was pro
grammed as "Educational Song Recit
al.-." set to Wagner music and operaed
by Tannhaußer ' ' and "Lohengrin."
The entertainment opened with Schott
singing Wolfram'a prise song In act H ol
"Tannhauser." Tins portion of the sing
er's great ability bo pl«\ts.-d the audience
that an encore loud and long- brought him
to the front, where he cheerfully respond
cd.
Miss Gordon in a light but sweet voice
sang the balcony scene from ".Lohen
grin's" Elsa.
Schott responds and sings Wolfram's
song, to the accompaniment of his harp,
of his love for Elizabeth, calling upon the
beautiful star of eve to light her upon her
way when she should leave earth's sor
rows and go to the stars' own realms.
Miss Voltz, in the character of Eliza
beth, who has been anxiously watching
the return of the pilgrims in the vain
hope that Tannhauser may be among
them, now falls on her knees A sings her
beautiful prayer to the Virgin, begging to
be released from the sorrows of the earth
and pleading her intercession for the soul
of Tannhauser.
The scene continues with the trio al
ternating to the end, when the love duo
pictures the drawing of their love and the
discovery that they are brother and sis
ter.
Five more Friday evenings are on the
programme in the same place for a con
tinuation of Mr. Bchott'a appearance.
CHARGED WITH FRAUD.
Leonard Carver Arrested for Failing
to Pay H's Board Bill.
A •well-dressed, middle-aged man giv
ing his name as Leonard Carver was ar
rested yesterday afternoon on a warrant
from Police Court 4, charging him with
defrauding an inn-keeper.
The complaining witness Is Mrs. Ben
son, who conducts a private lodging
house.
th veral weeks ago Carver took a room
in her house. He claimed he was a
stranger In this city, and that he was ex
ig a draft from the Bast. Palling
to pay his rent, Mrs. IJonson repeatedly
asked him to s»-ttu- with ht-r. or vacate
the room. According to her story, when
ever she asked him for the rent he ■
rush to the telephone, and pretend to
communicate with some rich relative.
Tired of waiting for the money which
tue her, Mrs. Benson informed Car
ver that she int.-nded to have him arrest
ed unless he settled with her.
That night he skipped out, taking his
property with him. Yesterday afternoon
Mrs. Benson saw Carver on Third -
and pointed him out to Policeman Sand
mans. He was then placed under arrest
and taken to the City Prison.
It is claimed that the prisoner has
worked a similar scheme on several oth
er lodging house keepers.
MIMIC CLOUDS
ARE GATHERING
Theatrical Managers Speak Not
as They Pass by and Peo
ple Wonder.
Belnsco Has Gone East to Gather Up
Talent for a Road Stock
Company.
It is rumored that a theatrical war is
about to break out in this city. For
some time past an ill feeling has exist
ed between the managements of the
Alcazar and Columbia theaters, and it
now looks as though a climax is about
to he reached. Reports are current that
Friedlander & Gottlob had made up
their minds to no longer support Fraw
ley, but that Harry Corson Clarke was
to be the idol of the patrons of the Co
lumbia, California and Baldwin thea
ters, and that Frederick Belasco was t>>
secure Frawlcy with the new organiza
tion now being arranged, but the
rumor io denied by both managements.
The idea is supposed to have started
from the fact that Clarke will open his
tour at the California Theater, but
whether or not Frawley will return
during the next season before an ap
preciative public is still rather left in
gloom. However, Belasco left for
Chicago last week on his way to
New York and possibly London,
for the purpose of gathering together
talent with which he expects to arouse
a furor among the patrons of his thea
ter. "Within a few weeks the Alcazar
management will have a stock com
pany in the theater, as well as a strong
organization on the road. The prices
on the road and in the theater will be
the same as that charged for the past
year.
Parties who have "watched the play
houses with interest during the present
misunderstanding are of the opinion
that Belasco will, while East, endeavor
to secure Frawley, and present the
company throughout the Western
towns, but there seems to be no ground
for the opinion. The stand the theatri
cal managements have taken against
one another is even more bitter than
it has been during the trouble which
started over a contract held with
Clarke supposedly by both houses. The
Columbia management does not recog
nize the Alcazar players. Miss Foster
of th? Alcazar called at the California
Theater with an Alcazar ticket, but
was refused any courtesies by the pro
prietors, and without doubt the ac
tions will be returned if any member
of the California should be thoughtless
enough to call at the Alcazar.
The full extent of the present move
ments will not be fully realized until
the return of Belasco, but without
doubt he will import good talent.
whether old or new. The movement is
watched with interest by all v parties
concerned.
Church of the Advent.
To-moxrow evening being 1 the regular
monthly choir night there will be special
music rendered at the evening service,
beginning at 7:15 o'clock. The full vested
choir of fifty men and boys will sing.
Among the special numbers will be the
"Psalter," sung antiphonically; the
"Halleluiah" chorus from "The Mes
siah." and two quartets, sung by F. H.
r^ombard, w. ('.. Loveiand, Harry Kirke
White Jr. and D. C. Williams. All the
music will be under the direction of Har
ry Kirke White Jr. The public is invited.
All seats free.
The Republic of Guatemala has over
16,000 saloons and taverns. In the coun
try districts there is one to every
• •iirhty-two inhabitants; in the towns
one to every fifty-two.
Pozzoni's Completion
Powder produces a soft and beautiful skin:
it cumbii.es every element of beauty and
purity.
A GREAT
INDUSTRY
MENACED
Farmers of Ventura
Send a Petition to
Congress.
Annexation Will Vastly
Reduce the Profits of
Beet Culture.
Clear Object Lesson in the Form
of Recently Signed Con
tracts.
THE MEMORIAL SIGNERS.
American Farmers Would Be Great
Losers by the Introduction of
Degrading Competition.
It Is obvious to the beet growers of
California that their present profit in
the cultivation of sugar beets would be
greatly diminished should the Hawai
ian Islands be annexed to the United
States. This is not a mere conjecture
upon the part of the farmers engaged
in this industry, but it is a deliberate
conclusion formed after careful study
of the competition, which the low grade
of labor at the islands threatens to in
troduce.
The beet sugar industry, now so rap
idly extending in this State and giv
ing promise of adding vast riches to
the community, is seriously menaced.
The product of vineyards, grain fields
and orchards added largely to the
wealth of California, and gave the
means of livelihood to a vast popula
tion long after the mining excitement
subsided. This new industry — the cul
tivation of the beet — promises, if pro
tected from unfair and degrading com
petition, to add more to the wealth of
the State than all the vines, orchards
and mines have yielded.
The effect of annexation is so well un
derstood by the beet growers them
selves that they are making contracts,
with agreement to accept lower prices
in case the islands should be annexed.
A petition signed by 100 farmers of
Ventura County has been forwarded to
Washington. Here is the memorial of
the Ventura farmers who have their
money invested in beet culture:
To the Congress of the United States:
\\ c. the undersigned residents and elec
tors of Ventura County, California, re
spectfully represent that we are farmers
and land owners in said County of Ven
tura, and that we have recently entered
into contracts and leases whereby we
agree to grow sugar beets for the beet
sugar factory now being established in
our county during- beet season for the
next five years, and for an additional two
years thereafter, at the option of the
owners of said sugar beet factory; that
the price which we shall receive for our
beets Is fixed and agreed upon in said
contracts: that it is further provided in
said contracts that in case the Hawaiian
Islands should at any time during the
existence of said contracts become an
nexed to the United States, then the price
which we shall receive for our beets
thereafter under said contracts will be
reduced 25 cents per ton: and, further,
that should the said Hawaiian Islands
become annexed to the United States at
any time during the next five years not
only would your petitioners suffer loss of
more than a half million dollars by rea
son of the reduction in the price they
would receive for their beets under said
contracts, but also all other beet grow
ers would suffer permanent loss and dis
advantage by reason of such annexation.
Wherefore, your petitioners pray that
your honorable body will refuse to annex
the Hawaiian Islands to the United
States.
A. F. Mulhnrdt. M. J. Laurent. J. M.
Foulkes. I^. F. Rousssey. A. Revolan,
Thomas McLaucrhlin. Lewis Mulhardt, J.
]'. Dauley, M. Kujaosky, Willie Hender
son, Frank Ayola, Thomas Clonle, Simon
Cohn. John I>ell Arcjua, Mont Reimann.
Hendrick Mulhardt. E. Scholbe. Willie
ann, J. K. Borehard, Justin Petit,
Gottfreid Mulhardt. J. K. Olialmers,
James O'Connor, A. Donnelly, A. Cama
rillo, 11. S. Porter. Frank Petit. A. B.
Smith. I>. Lfhmann. A. J. Sahsburg,
Charles Doulan, I. L. Meyers, Peter Mur
phy. T. J. DOUlan, J. R. Downs. A. K.
Philbrook, W. J. Konnard. E. J. Dewau,
K. KrukenberK, O. K. Kaltmeyer, C. B.
Berry. G. and L.. Coleman .brothers, R. F.
Gorville, J. S. YViltfonpr. Leroy Arnold,
C. R. Arnold, N. A. Rrfon. Ernest 11.
Hill. Aranetta Hill. T. s. Carr, James
Milllgan, N. J. Starks. R. B. Edmondson,
Charles S. Thacker, J. T:. Alvord, D. R.
Bellah, A. Haslett, Ernest Eastwood.
Charles Ahrens, Fred Wolborn. G. Delia
Kiiic. Frank Smith. Fred Meyer, Ser
Strek, R. P. Wagner. Fred Crocker,
Louis Berp, George L. Dabney. L. On
tago, M. Jubao, George Suur, L. Colin.
Antonio Caetro, John Netto, Andrew
Reynolds. Ban Francisco V. Sanchez,
Fred Manner. Richard Deltey, Join: H.
Hass, J. H. Hastings. A. J. Schwealhelm,
David Cohn, O. Cunningham, Joe Rei
mann. 11. M. Schiller. A. E. Smith. Chas.
Plumm, Tom Myraek, Henry Rietenholz
Albert J. Taylor. E. H. Smith. W. ,\.
ion, C. Leonardt, A. E. Stevens, n
\V. Witman, W. J. Smith, G. H. Rowe,
John Hanlon, H. S. Philbrook, C. B.
Greenwell.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary Mootry vs. Mary E. Cole et at. (by G.
H. Umbsen, referee) to John F. Boyd, lot on
s\V corner of Hayes and Cough streets, w 65
by S i- 1 ". referee's deed No. 69,120; $3G,3'X>.
Nancy G. and Jeannette C. Hlethcn to Mary
A. Sherwood, lot on NE corner of Buchanan
and California streets, E 72 by N 137:6; $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Frank A. Vail, lot on W line of
Buchanan street, 47:6 Sof Green, S 22 : Cby \\
100; Jl".
J. Fred and Rose Schllngman to Stella W.
Belcher (wife of E. A.), second party, and
Edward A. Belcher, third party, lot on N line
of Green street. 137:6 E of Devlsadero, E 32 by
N 137:6, third party gives all Interest to second
party; $10.
J. C. find Emma Hall to Charles Harris, lot
on N line of Washington street, luj:C W of
Walnut, w 32 by N 102:8%; $10.
B. S. Hubbard to Charles Harris, lot onrN
lino of Washington street, 105:6 W of Walnut
W 5 by N 102:8%: $10.
James H. and Margaret C. O Brien to Michael
Tamony. lot on NE line of Caroline street 1"2
SB of Folsom. sic 98 by ni: S3; $10.
Harriet Wilson to Minnie Garthorne, lot on
X line of Ridley street, »0:7 E of Valencia, E
40. N 113:7%, S\V 43:93!. S 10S:10%: 13200
Fred W. Hadley to Nellie J. Hadley. let on
NW corner of Twenty-first and Stevenson
streets, W SO by N 86; gift.
fllcmccla County.
Adelaide Bingham to Charles L. Weltman
lot on N line of Thirty-third or Nolan street
157:0>4 X of Grove. X 37:6 by N 100.55, being
the W 25 feet Of lot 22 and E 12\i feet of lot 23
Collins tract. Oakland; $10.
A. C. Posey to City of Oakland, lot on SW
line of East Twenty-third street, 300 BE of
Eleventh avenue. SE 59:1 by SW 150. block 133
Clinton, East Oakland; $1477.
Kate A. Ward to City of Oakland, lot on NE
line of East Twenty-second street. 300 SE of
Eleventh avenue, SE ;.1':1 by NE 150. block 13'j,
Clinton, East Oakland; $1773.
James D. Ralph to City of Oakland, lot on
NE line of East Twenty-third street. 300 SE
of Eleventh avenue. SE 29.55 by NE 150, block
142, Clinton, East Oakland: $630.
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Mary Roeth,
lot on E corner of Howe and Booth streets
NE 193 by BE 123, being lots IS to 23 an.l SW
half of lot 17. block F. Thermal Hill, formerly
the Howe tract, Oakland .Annex: {10.-
R. M. Clark to John G. '/.illmer, lot on S line
of Blake street. 175 E of Fulton, E 50 by S 135,
being lot 36, block 1434. Blake tract, map 2,
subject to a mortgage for $2500. Berkeley; $10.
A. 11. and Ella Ackerman to Perry E. Mad
Auction Sales.
»
Great Thoroughbred and Trotting
*» Brood Mare Sale, &*
TUESDAY JANUARY 18, 1898.
At 10 O'clock a. m., at
Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness A«e. anil Market St.
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM
Having decided to consolidate all its horse-
breeding interests at that location, it be-
comes necessary to dispose of
Fifty Head of Running and Trotting
Bred Mares at Public Auction
On the above date. Among the • thoroughbred
mart-s are some of the noted animals which
have made the farm famous. These mares are
all stinted to Flambeau, Racine, Flood, Imp.
Mariner and Imp. Loyalist, stallions in service
at the farm. The trotting mares are by .Elec-
tioneer, Azmoor, Piedmont, ■ Electricity, Nut-
wood, Dexter Prince, aola, etc., and stinted
to bueh noted young sires as Monaco. Adver-
tiser, "Wildnut. Stephen and the Russian stal-
i lion VerbovsUhik. A number of these mares
are well broken and will make admirable road-
sters if not desired for breeding. Several choice
roadster geldings will be offered at the same
time. The horses will be at salesyard. SUN-
DAY, January 16th. where they may be seen
until day of sale. Catalogues ready. Saturday.
January S. • The running mares will be sold at
beginning of sale.
KILLIP & CO., Live Stock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery st., S. F.
dux, lots 16 to 19, Red Rose tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Lizzie A. Guion, Emllie G. and William G.
Cohen (by commissioner) to Encinal Building
and Loan Association lot on N line of Santa,
Clara avenue, 2W E of Eighth street, E 40 by
N 137:6, Alameda; $3300.
S. Prentiss Smith to Anspacher Bros, (a cor
poration), 320 acres, a fraction more or less,
b^ing the N half of section 21, township 2 S»
9 E. Murray Township; 510.
O. S. Livermore to George and M. H. Beck.
M 0 acres, being the NE quarter of section 32,
township 4 S, range 3 E, Murray Township; $7.
Charles and Ida V. Armstrong to A. J. Sny
■lrr, lot on S line of Jones street, 3SO W of
Telegraph avenue, W 30 by S 100, portion cor
rected map Jones tract, Oakland; $10.
Emily A. Bromley to A. J. Snyder, lot on S
line of Jones street, SSO 'W of Telegraph avenue.
W M ty S 100. portion corrected map Jones
tract, quitclaim deed; $10.
J. G. and Ella Flemroy (by sheriff) to Kate
Glynn, lot on YV line of San Pablo avenue,
from line dividing lands now or for
merly of John I). Doyle from lands now or for
merly of Bradhury: thence S 42:0 l>y W 2n<i.
portion plot 42, Ranoho V. and D. Peraita, Oak
".wnsliip: $S-m.
NEW TO-DAY.
When I say I cure I do not mean merely to
stop them for a time and then have them re-
turn again. I mean a radical cure. I have made
the disease of FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING
SICKNESS a life-long study. I warrant my
remedy to cure the worst cases. Because
others have failed is no reason for not now-
receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy.
Give Express and Post Office address.
Prof. W. H. PEEKE, F. D,, .
4 Cedar St., New York.
/"*^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fl-|g-» | fl<»~''> KKAKW ST. Established
li t jfiw I ' l I*s* for the treatment of Private-
Pfl I*,, WR Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
&£?i&£s£\wt disease v ringon bodyand mind and
tWi 1 /'! I '^ -Skin Disoasis. Th«»doclorcures\vh<Mi
2Wss>3%;-sM<>tliiisf;Ul. Try him. Charges low.
I^SiSyy rDrrocnnrnntrrd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. IP. »IBR».\, Kox 1957, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf >&aga
San Francisco, as follows: ■■*¥?
For ports in Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1, 8, 11. if.
21, 26, 31, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
Bend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anaeortes and
New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), »
a. m., Jan. 1. 6. 11, 16. 21, 26. 31, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1. 5, 10, 14, IS, 22, 26, 31.
Feb. 4. 8, 12, 16. 20. 25, 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavl-
ota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and,
Newport. 9 a.m.. Jan. 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21, 25, 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m.. Jan. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27, 31. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Ilex.), 10 a. m.. Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The ' Company reserves the right to change
without" previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hmirs-of snHlner.
TICKE V OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF •*•"» First Clnss Including Berth
TAKE $2.50 2d Clnss and MeaU.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan is
Columbia Jan. IS
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR, General Agent,
130 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. f
@M|*HMi#! S.S. AUSTRALIA.
jlHniL for HONOLULU only
• ms»« Tuesday, Jan. 25, at
a C — -~^ I p. in. special party
CSt^r {_• rotes
/sVß3[lKnin<J The S.S. ALAMEDA.
CyjCCllUll!^ 1 - , aUs vla HONOLU-
»♦-«-' \VIMJWUHq for - SYDNEY. Thurs-
day. Feb. 3, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and Ca^Q
TOWN, South Africa.
3. D. SI'RECKJSLS & BUOS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
French Line to Havre.
Company f*er mew;, .*2 .North ' f^-^-
River, foot of : .>r:on st. Travelers 4CjJzT£*
by this line avoid both transit bv"™™K3K&
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via I'aris, first class »160,
second class $116.
LA BRBTAGNE December U. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOONE December IS. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ..January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAC.NH .January 8, 10 a. m
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FtIGAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
; eve.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 8
p. m. Daily.
' FREIGHT KLi-tiHtlJ of TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv.
ing through freight rates to all points on tbs
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T C. WALKER, J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT, CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main SOS Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY=YARD AND YALLEJ9.
Steamer *' Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at..........
ft:4s a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thura.)
Fridays ~. 1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. ra.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 3.
Telephone Green 3SI.
For San Jose, Los dates & Santa Cruz
•Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. : Alviso daily (Saturday*
excepted) at sp. m. Freight' and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50e;
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier I. 41 Nori*
First street, Baa Jose. v - -
-
1112
OUTSIDERS IN
FRONT AGAIN
Piloted by Thorpe, the
Only Winning Favorite
Was O'Fleeta.
Ezell's Filly Buena Ventura
Took the First Two- Year-
Old Dash.
«
Brambella, Hazard, Torsion and Im
perious All Won Purses at
Long Odds.
The greatest minds on the track ad
mit that the game here is a very hard
one to beat this winter and this asser
tion was well borne out by results at
Oakland yesterday. On Thursday the
picking was difficult, but followers of
the turf are always hopeful and look
for a change for the better. It seems
destined never to come. The sport
was absolutely smeared with long-shots
beginning with the win of Brambella
a 25 to 1 chance. The only favorite
to score was O'Fleeta, ridden byf'aarley
Thorpe.
The track was sticky as on the pre
ceding day and no doubt this had much
to do with confusing form players, in
termingled with one or two very breezy
saddle exhibitions.
The general public thought Abina the
best of the seven starters in the open
ing six-furlong sprint, making her fa
vorite. She was just as much at home
in the going as a farmer would be lead
ing the minuet, finishing behind every
thing. Brambella with Morse up, pulled
out of the bunch, the last part win
ning easily from The Dipper, third
choice in the betting.
It looked as though Walter J was
gh to take the seven-furlong
si-I'.ing run next decided, but he
parc-ntly had an injection of embalm
ing fluid before going to the pest and
was fortunate to get the show. Thorpe
took the lead into the stretch with
O'Fleeta and, hard ridden, beat Jack
Martin out half a length.
The first two-year-old rare of the
n attracted a field of eleven "ba
bies" to the post. Barns & Water
house furnished the favorites in Boni
bel and Malay, which pair coupled
were held at evens throughout th
ting. Strong tips were out on The
Miller, Clarando, Anchored and Buena
Ventura. Following h!s custom of the
past two years, Louis Ezell had Buena
Ventura well seasoned, and backed
down from 8 to 4 and with Conley In
the saddle, the daughter of Luke Black
burn and Tommie Bell took the dash in
a big gallop, tripping off the three fur
longs in "7 S 4 . Clarando, a good-look
ing fllly by Clarendon, carrying the
colors of Caesar Young, came from be
hind like a good one. leading out An
chored for the place. Bonfbel was nerv
ous, but should do better next time
out. for she has doi st work.
The sturdy looking Polish seemed a
most Ukely cai Lidal for the mile sell
ing run and though heavily played by
both the stable and public remained
a stationary 8 to 5 choice in the ring.
Ous Wilson managed to get him cut off,
picked out the worst spots In th» track,
and very artistically landed him just
beyond the money. Hazard, a 15 to 1
shot, ridden with good judgment by
little Gray, led throughout, and with
little to spare downed Nonchalance less
than a length.
A straggling start contributed to the
defeat of Kamsin, th^ first cholci
the second furling run. Torsion with
Ppencer in the saddle and 10 to 1 in the
bettinc slipped away in the lead and
was never headed, winninc: with some
thing to spar<\ two lengths before th<»
hard-ridden Sly. Major •"'nok had plenty
of speed, finishincr in thf- snow.
The fastidious performer. Plan, gave
another of his wild and weird perform- .
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track — Sixty-fifth day
of the Winter Meeting. Friday, January 14-, 1898. Weather
fine. Track very heavy.
A*>A FIRST RACE— Six furlongs:
Index. Horses^ Weight. St. '.m.
»: tl
; purse.
Index. Horses. Weight. iSt. Mm. "^m. »4m. Str. Fin. j Jockeys. Op CL
416 Brambella . 10".! 3 ... 4h 6 3H 4 v-» I :•. !Mor?e I Ii 20
41 The Dipper im! 1 ... 61 41% 3 2', 22 IConley 8 7-2
411 Roulette Wheel ....107 4 ... 1 4 12 lift 38 IHennessy .... 6 12
429 Malnhar 110! 5 ... 7 7« ■ 5 Ift 4 '4 Spencer 3 3
417 Mnrlns-a 10717 ... 5n 5 lft 6 1 SI Derm ! l.i 12
417 Magnus 10716 ... 3h 3h 2 h 6 4 [Thorpe \ 6 S
417 Ablna 105! i 2 4 '- _ 2ft 7 7 IE. Jones .....i S-5 13-5
Time. 1:1714. Winner, W. P. Magrane'a b. f. by Bramble or Reporter-Ma Belle. Good
start. Won easily. , '„.• -.;
' t m.
Vim.
Str.
SECOND RACE— Seven furlon)??; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $3CO.
Index. l?orses. Weight. I St. '. 2 m. %m. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Tip. Cl.
Index. Horses. Weight.! St. Vim. '. 2 m. %m. Str. Fin. I Jockeys. 'Op. Cl.
(4r<> O'Fleeta. « 11'"> 2 2 2ft 2*4 in 2 2 I' 4 'Thorpe I 8 5-2
423 Jack Martin. 5 105' 5 4n 54 510 53 2 1 'Morse ' 4 4
427 Walter J. 5 131 7 R 2 4 3ft ( 4 414 3 3ft |Hennei>sy ....15-2 13-5
433 Charles A, a 102 4 3 h 22 32 Sh 42 iMOTlchols ... 6 10
(3731 Veloz. 4 101 1 fil 71« 6 lft R3 Eh (Van Kuren .. : 10 12
400 Cavailo. 4 105 6 S4 88 72 72 64 Tonley I 8 12
423 Monitor. 5 110! 3 12^ 12 2 2 1% 710 IClayton ' 8 10
188 Mulberry, a 1 518 '■ 9 9 8 4 8 6 rj. Wilson ... ' 12 20
291 Fanny S. 4 100! 9 7 1 M_ 812 9 9 It. Xarvaez .j M 23
Time. 1:J1%. Winner. J. MacManus' br. g. by Harry OTallon-Fleeta. Good start.
Won handily.
«____ -___„______
-•
V«m.
' : m.
,t:i.
400 THIRD RACE— Three furlong* ; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
„--,. -
... Buena Ventura 101 2
... Clarando 110 8
... Anchored 108 4
... Bonlbel HOI 1
... Racine Murphy 106 1 6
... Malay . 1081 3
... .The Miller 17 7
... Prince Will 10SI 5
... Oaadale ins ii
... Jjbl Condtsa 10F, 9
... Rcy Hooker 108 10
>• ■ "■
1 4
4 3
2 2ft
E ft
6 ■■-.
32
7 ft
8 6
10 h
I 2
11
1 6 iConley 4 9-2
2 h T. McHugh ..10 20
3 ft Mines 6 10
4 1 : 2 Clayton 1 i
6 % lO'Connor 10 12
6 2 IThorpe • •
7 3 IHennessy 10 S
8 4 [Van Kuren .. 20 40
9 h IRnencer 10 10
10 4 iMooney ! 15 40
11 jMorse j 10 25
• Coupled with Bonlbel.
Time. ::'■;%. Winner, 1.. IT. Ezell*a r-h. f. hy I,uke Blarkburn-Tnmmy Bell.
\\ on easily.
Good start.
FOURTH Race r.ne mile; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Weight. ISt. Km. %m . %m . tr . Fin. I JockeyT \Op. cT.
41" Hazard. 5 ??] 2 22 Tft 12 12 I*i " Oray "Is Tk
3<>« Nonchalance, 4 10516 5 h 4h 224 2 m 2 4 Thorpe 4 9-2
422 Heritage, 5 102! 7 8 sft 4 2 5 iVi 34 Spencer 5 10
415 Polish. 4 10514 3 1 I? ft, 4ft 41U G Wilson.::: 8-5 85
» R ,^v G v le n> a 1061 « fih 7 Ift 710 «6 Bh Conley ° ;::: 4 6
4W Allahabad a 100 1 7h 6n 6h 710 6 5 McGinn 40 II
433 *******•-*■;, 9718 4n 2h lh 32 740 Li. Woods 10 fi
422 Fannie E. 6 95! 3 1 h 8 8 s^ 8 OTonnor ":" 20 25
Index. Horses.
Weight. Bt.
!4m.
,B
In.
firFt T th'rep I dr'!vinr Vlnr ' Or ' A P M " phy '* eh - f- h >' Strathmore-Zoo Zoo. "
Good start.
Won
438. ] IFTH KA( ' K s " v <' n f«rlon«»: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
:. Horses.
Weight.
'im
«m.
427 Torsion. 6 '
420 Ply. 4 106 SI
427 Major fook. 6 1051 1
410 Don Fulano, n 111' 4
37* Kamsin. S 106] G
40S Lr.st Girl. 4 100 5
tie Plnger, 4... 97! 7
1 %
3 2ft
2 34
4 7
68
5 %
1 2ft
4 10
2 2
3 1
6 10
5 1
•7
1 6
4 3
2 lft
3 2ft
5 lft
6 20
7
1 3ft
2 2
4*4 *
if
6 1
7
1 2 Spencer 8
2% Gray «
3 h Jones 12
4 6 IConley 5-2
5 5 Thorpe 8-5
610 JMcN'lchols ... 10
7 [Downs I 30
10
6
IS
2
7-5
8
40
handily.
inner,
lldreth's b. g.
by
Torso-Rlcardo.
Poor
start.
439. Sl^"i } j^r l3 "" SeVen and a half furlon filing; three-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horses. Welght.jSt. Urn. %m. %m. Str. FJn7~] Jockeys. — — cl
,m.
,m.
42". Imperious, 3 B
(3?S) Fre<l Gardner, a...
444 Morinel. 3
(401) M-rrutio, 4 110 4
(356) Plan, 3
384 Rebel Jack, 3 81 2
5.. . I,nudon, a ft 3
427 Kaiser Ludwtg. 4.. 96| *
3 3ft
1 1H
4 n
2 ft
5 6
7
6 Ift
3 h
1 *;
2 n
4 2ft
5 10
6 2
7
3%
1 n
2 2
4 h
6 6
6 6
7
1 *
2 2 14
4 2ft
8 2
6 3
6 1
7
1 «ft
I I
3 h
4 n
6ft
6 8
7
I Woods !
<"onley
IMnNirholß ...
flay ton
Holmes ....
Walls
Cray
6
S
7
4
6-5
20
10
10
5
10
7
5
6-5
20
12
15
! Stevens
*!-•■■'
Time, 1:37. Winner, B. Schrelber's b. g. by Morello-Helen Scratch.
Fair start.
V la
Won
ances in the wind-up, a seven and a
half furlong spin. With Holmes of Sen
ator Bland fame, 8 to 5 about him in
the ring and eighty-six pounds on his
i back, this sometimes sensational mud
lark was beaten by Mercutio, a dead
j lame horse goinp to the post. Fred
Gardner led to the stretch where he
was passed and easily beaten by Imper
ious. The winner was as good as
8 to 1 at one stage of the betting. Bfori
i nel. a most consistently performing fllly,
was third.
TRACK ITEMS.
Gus Wilson was Indefinitely suspended for his
effort astride the favorite, Polish.
Some days ago Torsion, running In By Holly's
colors, won a selling race and was bid up by
Sam Hildreth, his owner letting the horse go.
When the gelding took the fifth event yester
day Holly bid him up from $200 to $500. and
Hildreth let him revert to his original owner.
Barney Schreiber lost Imperious yesterday.
When put up to be sold after winning; the last
race he was bid up from $500 to $1200 by B. C.
Holly, and .Schreiber let him go.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds.
... Chihuahua 10«W 342) Master MarlnerlO9
tldad 112 37'" Wueen Blazes. . ,M 7
431 Dr. Bemays ... H 417 Miss Aiu-e 107
417 Grlenower N !42'.<>La Mamma 107
'onlal Dame. lo7 . . Sclntellate 107
807 TotO 107 399 Prince Tyrant. .ll2
417 El Moro 112
<=<"■■ >nd Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
selling.
417 Lee Kylo 107 1 429 Balllster 105
(Formerly Kylee.) I (410)8orrow 105
424 Tenrlca 10« 411 Castake US
413 Catawba 117 354 Good Friend ...105
(417) Al Koran 110
Third — One mile: three-year-olds and
upward: Owners' Handicap.
414 Rntsuma 105 (419) May W 85
415 Double Quick . H 421 Sir Dllke 85
168 Buck Massle ...88 41S Paul Grtggs.... 90
Fourth Race — The MeLnughlin Selling
Stakes: one and a sixteenth miles; all ages.
432 King William. . lo3l (357)Buckwa 1™
414 Satsuma 113' 4"« Tom Cromwell. V»
(414) Col. Wheeler...lO4:(426)Garlar.d 8arr...103
Fifth Race— Reliance Club Handicap; seven
furl 'rips: all ages.
425 Colonel Dan.... 951 4.V> Mercutlo IP"?
43S Kamsin I<V7 SB Midas 101
2SI Daylight 105 ... Caspar 110
428 Paso Tempo ... 95! Rubicon 124
Sixth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing: three-year-olds and upward.
433 Una Colorado... M 4.V) Song and DancelOS
<3!M)Yankee Doodle.10:*: «M Miss Ruth 96
420 Osric II 1M 366 Elano 98
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Colonial Dame. Master Mariner,
La Maroma.
Second Race— Al Koran. Sorrow, Good Friend.
Third Race— Buck Massie, Satsuma, Double
Quick.
Fourth Race— Tom Cromwell, Colonel Wheel
er, Buckwa.
Fifth Race— Caspar. Rubicon. Colonel Dan.
Sixth Race— Osrtc 11. Una Colorado, Yankee
Doodle. ________^__^__
SISTER JULIA ILL.
She Is Now at St. LuKes Hospita
but R'.'ars Her Sufferings
Nobly.
Sister Julia, who for many years
has been Identified with charitable work
in this city, is at present very ill at St.
Luke's Hospital.
For many years Sister Julia has been
known among the charitably inclined
people of this city as a woman who had
consecrated her life to the alleviation of
the sufferings of the poor and wretched
in this city, and particularly to looking
after children whose parents were too
poor to give them that care which every
child born In this world is expected to
have, or were unwilling to give it to
them for some other reason. With no
prospects whatever of earthly reward,
she has labored among the poor and
downtrodden in almost every phase of
life, and wherever suffering or disease
held sway her bright face, cheerful
smile and words of encouragement and
comfort have been known and welcomed.
Her indefatigable efforts toward the
alleviation of the miseries of the wretch
ed have at last told upon her system and
about two weeks ago she was brought to
the hospital for treatmnt; and although
her sufferings are intense she bears them
with a Christian fortitude and is eagerly
looking forward to the day when she will
again be able to go out and resume her
work. Although her chances of recovery
are but slight, her physicians have hopes
that her strong will power Will eventu
ally triumph over the trying ordeal
through which she is now passing, and
that she will be again able to minister
unto the sick and needy.
Her work In this city has been con
nected with and principally supported by
the Protestant Episcopal churches, and
the Sheltering Arms Mission, on Harri
son street, was founded almost by her
unaided efforts.
A Brand-New Lash
On the Town <'r!f>r's whip. Don"t ir.lss
It Iv to-day's S. F. News Letter.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 15, IS9B.
DEFECTS OF CITY
MANAGEMENT
Professor Jordan Says
They Are Due to Lax
Methods.
He Disapproves of .the Gov
ernment of Santa Clara
County.
San Francisco in His Opinion Is Also
Managed on Too Extrava
gant Plans.
Dr. David Starr Jordan, president of
Leland Stanford Jr. University, de
livered a lecture at Metropolitan Hall
last night on the subject, "Manage
ment of Cities." After going at length
into the primary causes leading to the
mismanagement of municipal affairs.
Professor Jordan astonished the audi
ence by his very candid expression of
the way public affairs are conducted in
Santa Clara County.
"I am not thoroughly conversant,"
said he, "with the municipal system
of San Francisco. 1 am told, how
ever, that it is too extravagant and
that a half dozen merchants could, if
given the contract, conduct the public
affairs here for one-half or probably
one-third what it now costs the tux
payers. I have been Informed that
within the last seven years the cost >>f
municipal government has been raised
aboul BO per cent In San Francisco
without any corresponding advance in
property or wages. 1 know a little
more, however, about Santa Clara
County. The management there is Ir
responsible I think the county Is
prettier named than any other county
in the State, but it seems to me the
name of Santa Clara Is a su-nch when
it comes to municipal government."
Professor Jordan said that he was of
the opinion that municipal extrava
gance was due to the present lax po
litical system. "Good men go Into of
fice/ saiil he, "and then th- y have to
nut only stand the pressure of their
nieces and nephews who want places,
but they have to look out fdr their po
litical backers. Their political obli
gations have to be ]>ail and they are
paid— out of the public pocketbook.
These are visible costs, but the Invisible
cost? fir* far greater. In Europe the
have to support and look out for
their Kings and Princes, but the X
and Princes are not near as costly a.s
the local political bops. Office is not
generally sought for the honor, but for
the money that is in it.
•We have a port of government by
poo-smv. If a Republican President
doesn't suit all the Republicans, the
dissatisfied ones vote with the Demo
crats at the next election, and out goes
the Republican President. If prosper
ity doesn't come with his four-year
term, the dissatisfied Democrats go
over to the Republican party, and out
goes Mr. Democrat. So it is that we
have a see-saw government. And the
President i*:i't the only one who goes
out. Tip- people seem to think that if
the President is changed, bo 'shall all
the municipal officers of bis particular
political faith, and the slaughter
on. For this reason. I believe, we '
should have municipal elections sepa
rate from national elections. Th>n
there is our primary system. It is nrt
ten from one end to the other. While
I do not know just what would be the
• •".•-ans to remedy our municipal
troubles, I think that if more power
was vested in one man and be was held
directly responsible t" the i pl<
would experience a change for rh>- b.-t
ter. As it Is, the offleehold* r
seem to be responsible to any one, and
around him has grown up the spoils
system— a system of extravagance."
The lecture given by Professor Jor
dan last night was the r • series
to be delivered under the management
of the lecture bureau of the Young
Men's Institute Th*ro is already a
large demand for tickets of admission
I to thp next address to bo delivered
Tuesday evening, February l. by the
: Rev. D. J. Mahoney, S. J. Father Ma
: honey, who is onp of th<* best -known
local speakers, has taken "Christian
Llism" for his theme.
In addition to the lecture last even
ing, there were short addresses by P
Efagan and F>. V. K>!ly. ,; and
instrumental music by Professor S.
Martinez. Miss Armanda Corcoran and
J. A. McAuliffe.
Anthma. bmrrhlt'a. rurt> jpiarant'-l. Pr. Oor
<l!rTs Sanitarium. BM Pinp. nr. Kearny. .«. F., rr a l
CUT A SWATH
ON FANCIED CASH
Henry Bechtel Was a Bright
Star in the Tenderloin a
Few Brief Hours.
He Lefts Retinue Who Volunteered
to Help Spend His Boasted
Wealth.
Henry Bechtel. who claimed to some
that ho came from Oroville and to others
that he was a resident of Newman, mil- •]
into the tenderloin a few nights ago and
boasted that he had thousands to spend
In having a good time. i!.' soon had ■
retinue who looked upon him as a gool
thins, and they at once prepared plans
to assist him in spending his allege']
fabulous wealth. Now many are wonder
ing how and why they Joined the throng
that promised to be merry. Bechtel
claimed that he was ■ nephew of George
Bechtel of Staten Island, the owner of
one of the largest breweries in America.
To some of his followers he said he
owned a cattle range in Butte County
that comprised 73.000 acres of good fertile
land, and to others he confided that in
addition to owning Butte County he was
possessed of a large tract of land In
Duranpo. Mexico, that was officially
recorded as containing 54,000 acres. On the
two ranges ho said there were 53,000 head
of cattle that were the finest In the
world.
This wonderful rattle kins wore a dingy
red sweater and threadbare trousers with
a torn cap sel Jauntily on the side of his
head. He had a fondness for good din
ners and most of these tales were "old ; i
waiters while ho gorged himself
fancy wines and ordered hot birds with
out stint. A J2O meal wns poor far- for
him. He would start off by giving the
waiter a tip of a dollar and insist that
i.'i the hilf dozen friends ho htd
picked up durinp the day should have
the very best of service and promised to
pay handsomely for it. Then his at
«.f wealth would dazzle the minion of th.>
chef. Before he would pet throuph the
cattle ki;:p would discover some quality
in the waiter that would make him a lit
man for i mployment on one «,f his won
derful ranches, and before the black cof
fee would he served the waiter would be
engaged at n salary that never f-!l abort
of $500 a month, and to begin at once
The diner was. of course, always shor; of
ready cash when the meal was finished
but he never had much difficulty in get
ting credit until the banks would open
next day when the little hill would be
settled. The waiters suffered the most
but there were many who formed his
retinue who are a few dollars out. The
famous cattle king when he was short a
little ready money had. of course, to bur
row ■ fv w dollars, and the friends he
made were appealed to. It took several
days for thfjn t<> realise who the dupes
r> -ally were, and by that time Bechtel had
gone.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L M Garner. -. y -g A Legg. Nev City
H Steams. Salt Lake A Denny. Petaluma
F 55 ce £ tlne - N Haven | T Kennedy Aw, Sacto
■( r \, Zuck - Gllroy p. McKinney, Salem
H F Kron. Sta Cruz AY White. Los Ang
1 Mcßride, Napa C, Monroe. Fresno
'■• H Hart. Cal £ Tyack. Madera
;.- S ; '' vei ' ' r - N V A Graham. Chicago
* v " Foote, Oakland <E Galvln, Sacramento
A Morris. Woodland S Ranborn. Oakland
« Edwards, Oakland S Frankenhelmer. Cal
L Dollar. Cal p Folsom. Everett
I* Thompson. Oakland : N P Nelson. 11l
Mrs Roblson. Stcktn ! MtssWßasher, Prlnce-
M '*s Hoblson. Stcktn i ton
T B Clark. VlsalU C Rotterhouse. N V
C Pinkham. Chlco ' \v Thomas. Uklah
R J Wellmer - Phila. H I. Jones. Mo
J Martlet t. Llvermore IJ Currell, Singapore
V Koutledge &w,Ftlnd ;
palace HOTEL.
B R Mnntßomery. L A M M Lonraln. N V
H K.>pj.. Pittsburg H W Adams, Sacto
ED Owlnn, i'.t w Dwyer, Sa>-t..
R W Prosser, N V j \v Dwyer, Sacto
S EUieustrom, Ohl< J A ''lark. N V
<} Hudlestond, <hlcgo C Olldersleeve, N Mcx
L Rhoades, Phil Mr« X Dwver. Ba«to
H F Wilson, l'hil H Trniey. Sacto
H Patton. Ix>B Anp Mru «' Waldo.Chlca«ro
W Mannlr.p, R. ?t n C, Orlswold, <'hioaKo
W T Mulr. Portland C V Or!swold,Chl»»«0
A W Snilth. N V E W iiunyon. R liluft
Mrs W Mulr. Prtl md J Wharton &w, Omaha
M H '■■k-K-'hhnll, N V H \V Pratt. Boston
Mrs \V CocreshalUNY Mrs X Runyon.Rßlult
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H M Spring, San Jose J C Wlleon. New York
H L Sayre, Madera J J Carter. Ls Angla
J S Orr, Oregon Mr? X EdwsrUs, Ls A
W L SeofleKU N V Mrs H Oarfleld. Ls An
X W Hale, Sacto -jr. J Carter. Sacto
F D Cobb, Stockton J Bradt. New York
3 I? Patterson. N T W Cole. Detroit
G Meyer. Antloch J Malloy. Chicago
J Muller. Pleasanton T Fitzpatrlck. Colo
Mrs J Mailer, Pleastn'j H ('rum, California
R C Long. Chicago M Smart. GlenvlUe
J C Leopold. Sacto B Burke. Vlsalia
J E Budd. Stockton C E Dunn, Ylsalla
NKW WESTERN HOTEL
A Chandler. Los AJlg r < '. Siiiith. Victoria
J W Ballard. S Diego .T R Ransomfl, B Jose
W Petit. M interey C Hfixt^r. Stockton
J Rltter. Loa Anceles .1 Smith, Stockton
B Stilus. Fln(ist; t ff f T EHrlck, Chicago
N I^»wls. PI. R Si>ri> .v w, Chicago
T Mr. on. Hoi 1 brook Mrs T B Kenny. <".tl
<" Michael. FlaKstaff Mrs Lamb, Banta
H W Pitt. WlHiams P A Farney, Nebraska
A Falrhurst. S J.t^^ M R Haley, Napa
P (Jrahani, < >ak tale
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PT'FINFP? OFFICE of the Ran Franrjsco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 r.'rlork cvi ry night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery Btreet.
corner <"lay; open until 9:20 o'clock.
3.~.9 Hayes Ftreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
Hi Larkln street, open until 9:30 o % clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission «r»et»:
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh stre-n: open i;ntl! 9 o'clock.
2513 MißsW.n street; open until 9 o'clock
1605 Polk etret-t; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW, corner Tw.T.ty-s- • n i and Kentucky
Ftre«-ts; open till 9 oV:
(11l IK II NOTICES.
THIRD Congregational, Fifteenth *t.. near
Mission. Rev. William Rader will preach at
11 a. m., on "The Soul's Retreat." At 7:30
p. m. he will deliver the third In the series
of sermons on the future life: subject. "The
Intermediate State, or the Spirits In Prison.''
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION Lodge NO 1», F. and A. M . a
266S Mission st., bet. Twenty-second mf\»
and Twenty-third— Called meeting TK>T
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING, at 'V 1V 1
7:30 o'clock. First degree. By order of the
W. M. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 16$. F. and A. ]■
M.— Special meeting THIS iBATUR--a%-
DAT) EVENING. January 15, at '-^'l^Jf
o'clock. Second degree. '\y \
-X;^.>-; THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I. a 4
O. O. F. Members are requested to y^
meet In Encampment Hnll SATCR- /\
DAY, January i:,. at 1:30 p. m.. to at-X X
tend the funeral of Lite I?rother JAMES
STEELE. W. I. CROSSETT. C. P.
MAGNOLIA Lodge Xo. IT-. I. O. O. —^Ws>
F. Th.- funeral detail will please iygz^ibr
assemble In our lodeeroom TO- -SJi*iß^^?
MORROW (SUNDAY), at 10:43 <IIW
o'clock a. m.. to attend the funeral of our
late brother. J. JACOBS.
SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
ANNUAL meftinsr— The regular annual meet-
Ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be h'-M at the office of the com-
pany. 527 Market st., San Francisco. c i..
on Friday, the Cist day of January. IS?S. at
: the hour of n o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing a t*>:ird of directors to serve for
■ the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other bu«ln»>»s aa may come fore the meet-
ing. Transfer l«.oks will close on MONDAY.
j January 10, at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
I DUTCH Mining and Milling Company— The
J regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Dutth Mining and Milling Company
will be hrM nt the office of the company,
which office Ik n.iw temporarily situated at
No. 313 California street. City and County of
Ban Franclsro. state of California, on MON-
DAY, the 17th flay of January. 1896. at the
hour of two o'clock p.m. on said day for the
purpose of • :■■ ting a board of directors for
the ensuing year, and also for the transaction
of such other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting Transfer books close Tues-
day, January nth. ISf»S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
GEORGE \V. GERHARD. Secretary.
Dated San Francisco, January Kb IS3S.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Realty Syndicate will be held at the office
of the cor;»oratlin, 14 SansoOM St.. room 15.
San Francis^, at 3 o'clock on THURSDAY.
January 80, l^ r .;. to elect directors to serve
for the enduing year, and for the transaction
f'f such other business as m.iv come before
he meeting. J. C. WINANS. Secy.
STOCKHOI DEES' MEETING
THE anntu the si -'■ ilders of the
■ ■ . . . :  -i
°f th< ■.! rkei it., San Fran-
■ - v. January 25, I8»S. at 11:30
•■ for the ensuing
year, and ' ■ the transaction of gucl
busln. ■ • ■ before the meeting.
.! O*B GUNN, B ■ ■
Office, • . . , c al
SPECIAL NOTICES.
H i Notice is hereby
• ■ -mention of the
' • • . invene at v
%1 ' ' ;• irgla -t . Vallejo, Cal . at
V, Januan
lei tt,.- re|«, r t of the retiring com-
mittee in - • , the proposed amalga-
«na?l. nor n Board ol Erin, and
the A. O. H. f America. All State. County
''"''.'■■' ■ it the A. .i h . Board
•o seats in the cooven-
tK '7 H , l ?' l ' '• In the proceedings;
an '' 'til n -u>- order are cordially
Invited to atten I. By order
-THOMAS McGINNIBS. State Delegate.
retary
Doted Vallejo, CaL. January 12.
THE! are closing out remnants of curtains
dress goods, shoes, corsets, hosiery, under-
wear. bedspreads, towels, laces. linings,
trimming, veilings, etc.. very cheap at Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store. 106 Fourth at. .
M » s - DR. FISH, rm. 3. ] lf.A -Jrant aye.: elec-
tri. tan: alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 2», Flood build-
ing, cor. Fourth st.
THE Secretary of the Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum of Ban Francisco herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls . and boy« have been admitted at the In-
stitution on Haight st. from July 1. l»7, to
Jan 1. IS9S: Rachel Crossley. 12 years; Neva
Crossley. 10 years; Eva Crossler, 2 years;
Etta Lithgow, 13 years: Sophie Semler. 13' 3
years; Emma Shoebridse 11 years; Emellne
Burket. 5 year*; Hilda Burket. 2 years: Lou-
isa Potts. 7 years; Minnie Potts. 4 years; Jes-
? i.ii II s * 3 Vl >rs: Dettna Cottrell. I years:
J.iin- Itorkman. 7 years; Annie Peterson. 13
years; Mabel Peterson, I years: Frank M.-
Kean. : years; Edward Burket, 9 years: Fred-
erick Berket. I years: Carl P. Berg. 11
years; David Cottrell. 10 years; George Bock-
roan. 8 years; Albert H. Smith. 4 years.
PRACTICAL ship draughtsman and builder
open for engagement: designs, calculations,
all Information supplied to versons about to
build Yukon steamers. Draughtsman. 362 3d.
ABANDONED children In St. Joseph's Infant
Asylum from July 1. 1836. to December 31.
' v-v -' John Carey, 4 years; Frank Carey. 5
years; August Collins, 3 years: Walter Con-
nolly. 4 years; Eddie Fallon, 5 years; Alice
Fallon. 3 years; Josle Stack. 6 years; Mary
Stack. 3 years; John Sullivan. 5 years: Frank
ii £ n ,\ 3 yea ™: Edith Gallagher. 5 years;
Bell Gallagher. 4 years.
ThjG ° m ans ar.l half-orphans admitted Into
bt. Francis' Girls Directory Orphan Asylum
jlnee July 1. ISB7. to January 1, IS3S, are as
ioiiows: Orphans— Mary Briseno. age 13;
XK v a Brlseno, age 8: Bertha Symon, age E.
Hal, -orphans— Marce!la Matthews. age 7;
Frances Matthews, age 6: Adda Dobrogol.ika.
age 13; Victoria Dobrogolska, age 10; Mlrtle
Kelly, age 9; Bessie Kelly, age 7: Ida Kelly,
age 6; Minna Kirby, age 5: Jennie Kirby. age
;.; Ella Riley, age 12; Frances Camella. age
*>. Maggie McOlade. age 11. Boys— William
Kelly, age S; George Kirby. age 7: George
Lee. age 2; John McOlade, age 8; Frank Mc-
Glade. age 7.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: UuTtsr tin— made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montsomery St., room 6; tel. 6580.
SPECIAL, NOTlCES— Continued.
MME. HANBEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 60 up.
139 Third st.
MRS. STEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet
baths. Uttt Geary St.. room 11.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths. 8 Mason Bt.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 51 (forty cents per share), of
the Huu-hinson Sugar Plantation i\>.. will be
payable at th»- office of the company, 327
Market St., on and after THURSDAY, Jan-
nsjrj - rransfer books will close on
Friday, January 14. l* l^. at 1 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAMEU-FEJIALE.
NEAT Swedish girl, with refer<»n' es. desires a
situation i as ai.'l h wsework. J.
F. CROBETT & CO.. 310 Sutter st.
AS companion and nsvist in household duties
by refined English woman; husband K>ins to
Alaska; salary noi so much object as com-
fortable home. a. L., boa 567. Call oince.
WANTED- By mtddle-*ged woman, a tltna-
tion to do light housekeeping; no washing
and no children; good plain cook; wages $10.
Address box "f.. <"ail office.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do general
housework. Pleas- .-all at 3 PfelfTer st., bet.
Dupont and Stockton, Francisco and Chestnut.
TOI'NG German woman wants work by the
day at washing and housecleanlng. 7H2H
Natoma Ft., near Ninth st.
GERMAN woman as nurse or light housework;
small compensation. 11204 Mission st., down-
stairs.
WANTEIi-By reliable woman, general work
In family; p i cook and laundress. Please
cr.ll IJ«H Market st . near Ninth.
RESPECTABLE American girl wishes posT-
Uon; second work and care of children. Ad-
dreaa or call 111 Perry st.
POSITION wanted by neat young woman at
light housework; good cook; In an American
family; wages $12 to $15. Box 577. Call.
YOUNG English lady wishes situation as
housekeeper; city or country. Address 1020
Market St., room 10.
YOTJNG fflrl wishes situation to assist with
upst.iirs work or care of children. Call 871
Shotwell st.
RESPECTABLE (rirl desires situation to do
general housework and cooking; no postals.
Apply 3n:.« Twenty-fifth st . near Harrison.
COMPETENT « like a situation
as cork and laundress or will do housework.
Hayes st.
YOUNG woman wants full charge of Invalid
or Infant. Call at BOG Sixteenth.
TWO ladies wish positions as housekeepers; no
to th-> country. Apply 28 Seventh.
WANTED Position as cash or counter girl.
Apply 2010 Central aye.
YOUNG woman of refinement and education
wishes position as companion to elderly or
invalid lady, or as companion-governess to
delicate child. Address box 566. Call office.
RESPECT A HLK Swedish woman with one
child would like a situation in small family.
Please call at Potrero. 523 Connecticut st.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman to
take care of an Invalid: can furnish good
references. Apply at J2IS Mission St.
YOUNG teacher desires a position as day bov-
erness, or to assist children In school work.
Addi • ranch office. i>-, polk st.
BITUATION wanted by young Klrl •
•k: plain cooking*; waited $li>.
•c --all at 441 Thirteenth st.
NEAT Swedish K.rl wishes upstairs or
work in private family; h:«h testimonials.
A.Hress NANCY, 1H M n st.
fSCTABUE lady with little girl wishes
situation as housekeeper; city or short dls-
■ In country. Call before 12 o'clock. 1719 A
Eddy Ft.
: \N plrl wishes a position In a Germarw
family to do genera! housework. Address 436
■ <=t.
BTRONG r>an!sh clr! wishes a situation to do
ng ( r general housework, fall at 2547
Flllmore, near <ireen.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as hoo.se-
•r or i k on a ranch; Rood references.
Howard st
PLAIN sewing and mendlns done at 12« Fourth
■ 'n: '•. firs' I
YOUNG lady wishes a position where she can
attend an evening school. Address 427 Grove.
MONEY lonn-1 -in watches, diamonds. Jew-
»lr\ ; low interest. I'ncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
EXPERIENCED French Rirl wishes sit
first • or housekeeper; city or
country; best references. 1.17s Sacramento.
:z: MONTGOMERY, cor Clay Open until <>:*)
o'clock: bran, h office of The Call. Subscrip-
ti. r-^ and want ads taken.
SITUATION - WANTED— MA
CHINESE and Japanese; estab. 20 year»; help;
tel. Main IW7. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day, hour
or evening. 123% O'Farrell st. : tel. Davis 60i.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 414-4 O'Farrell. Tel E. 425.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
r.elp. 30 Geary st. Tel. Urant 56.
HTNTER *; CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office 614U California St.; tel. Main 831.
RIENCED business man with horse and
buggy u:int>- position with wholesale ■
In Alameda County; small salary and com-
n;lssl 'ii : l»-st of refer- box 9, Call
( "nkland.
TOUNG train, ernduate of business college, de-
sires situation in an office .>r store; under-
- bookkeeping; fair pentr.an; speaks
lish. M. MAGOER, Prescott House.
MAN thoroughly experienced in general mer-
chandise, hotel and liquor business, ordi-
nary bookkeeper. wants salaried position in
Alaska, P. H. s . 435 Thirteenth St.
YOUNG man with Rome command of stenog-
raphy would like employment, not to con-
flict with evening school; salary nominal.
Address H.. 1123 Batter st.
WANTED — By lumber salesman and yardman,
situation In country yard or sawmill: Cali-
fornia references. J. C. GIBSON, 126 Ellis st.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes position on French
newspaper: is expert compositor. Address
' K. A.. 7 John st.
SITUATION wanted by practical man as fore-
I man, vineyard and general farm work. Box
&71. Call Office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind: handy
with tools; experience in plumbing. E. A.
NIELSON. '?"•» Minna <=t.
YOUNG boy IS years old would like to work.
Please call at 24 Minna St., downstairs.
WANTED— By a man. work In private family:
understands care of horses, cows and gar-
den; willing and obliging: city or country.
Address R. MATHISEN. 914 Central aye..
AJameda.
SITUATION wanted— compositor or fore-
man printing office; competent: 16 years' ex-
perience: city or country. W. B. POWELL,
care Occidental Hotel, city.
BOILER maker with first-class references; also
blacksmith capable of tempering all kinds of
tools, wishes position in mines; any place.
Box 562. Call office.
GOOD, plain hotel or restaurant waiter de-
sires a steady position. Inquire at New At-
lantic Hotel, Montgomery aye. : tel. 612 Davis.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes a position as sec-
ond cook or kitchen helper. Inquire at 129
Third st.
FIRST-CLASS all around cook wishes situa-
tion. Address box 564.
GARDENER: single; thoroughly competent In
| all branches gardening and greenhouse work;
first-class references; would like position
with private family. Box 553. Call office.
AN experienced and practical "Ladles Tailor
Cutter" is open to an engagement; late from
Paris and London. Address box 557. Call.
JAPANESE first-class butler wants place in
city or country: best reference. Address HO
YOSHIKADO. 121 Halght St.
FIRST-CLASS waiter. Japanese, wants place
In city or country, best reference. Address
K. HASHINO. 121 Halght St.
YOUNG married man of good habits, refer-
ences, desires position: good around horses.
not afraid of work: in private family or any-
where. Box ."2". Call.
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at.^ near
Market; 100 rooms. ?5c to $1 50 per night:
tl M to ts per week: convenient and respect-
able: free bus and baggage to and from ferry
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris, li Grant ay.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
FE>IAI,E lIEI.r WAXTED.
FKKXt'H or .-..lored ladles" maid. $15: second
Kirl. Oakland. $2i); cook. $25; 2 nurse plrls, $15
f!i<h; middle-aged woman. 2 in family. $r. :
and a number of house girls. MRS NOR-
Ti »XS. 323 Sutter St.
WAITREB& $5 a woek; 3 cbambermaidi
wait. $l. r , nnd ro.->m. 3 wnitn -?ses. $1S and
room; r> waitresses, f2n an<i room, cltj
Country; 3 chamhermaids and wait some. $20
and room; >^ chambermaids and wait. $1
room; 6 waitresses, $.i a week; 3 cooks, $20 to
J". MARTIN >«^ CO., HI Market st
WAITRKSS and chambermaid, sa; : .
anU room. MARTIN & CO., 7tt Market at.
HELP WANTED— Coutlnoed.
NEAT girl, light second work, $15. MISS
CULLEN. ?25 Sutter st.
FRENCH nurse, child 4 years, 525; second girl.
|X: cook, Palo Alto, $25; San Rafael, $20: >;
housework girls, city and country, i.
SB; i rouns rtrl*. assist, $io to $15. Miss
CULLEN, 116 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID, v.alt one meal, $15. MISS
CULLEN, $2a Sutter st.
\D girl. Oakland. $25. MISS CULLEN.
32."> Butter st.
SWEDISH or German parlor maid and wait-
(2s. MISS CULLEN, S2S Sutter st.
GERMAN girl, speaking French, as go-,
and .: girl, $2i>. MISS
CULLEN, S2S Snttej st.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid, I $lv 2
waitresses, same hi tel, $2' . waitress f< r
a] h itel, S--
waitress. south. $2": restaurant \vaitr<-.-*. city,
jr.; chambermaid and wait, $!.": 4 k*. pri-
vate families. City, $26, $30: 16 giris, house-
work. $13, $20, 52.",. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st.
2 IRONERS on ladles' clothes for first-class
country hotel laundry, south. $25 and found;
reduced fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 103
Geary st.
10 YOUNG girls for light work in laundry; $10
anil board; no experience necessary. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
COOK, wash and iron. 3 in family. $26; girl for
lework and cooking, ■ t-h"rt .iNta:
4 German, French, Scandinavian and Irish
Bd girls. $20 and $25; German or Protest-
ant waitress and parlormaid. $2'): 2 '.
and American nurs>-s. $20 4 CO ks. German
style. $25. 2 hotel waitresses. $20; cook, small
hotel, $25: 10 young girls to assist in laundry
and a large number of girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
WANTED — Chambermaid and waitress for nice
hotel, near city: $2o p<-r month; free fare.
W. D. EWER & CO.. <52n «'lay st.
WANTED— 2 girls. German or Swedish, for
general housework and take car** of chil-
dren; references required. Call 1320 Leaven-
worth St., near Washington.
stenographer and cashier (confectionery
business): salesladies, art store; photograph
gallery clerk. 313 Bush.
TOUNG lady for sewing machine branch of-
fW; dentist office bookkeeper; novelty goods
saleslaily: office cashier. 313 Bush.
WANTED Bookkeeper and correspondent;
saleslady. of;ic-.» copyist; cooks and house-
girls. Ladies' Exchange, 1023 Market st.
WOMAN With a child for ranch. Nevada, sre
party her<- ; women and girls for housework,
country places. MURRAY & READY. Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
CAPABLE woman wnnts work either by the
day or week, nr will take home gentlemen's
washing. Apply 6 McCormick place, bet.
Larkin and Hyd--
BY an experienced teacher, position as visit-
ing teacher from 9 until 2; Encltsh and
musi'-; best of references in both. A
Teacher. Capp st.
GIRL wanted t>> do cooking and assist In
housework. Apply 240 Jackson st.. between
8 and 12 o'clock Saturday morning.
WANTED -Lady stenographer who writes a
plain hand: wages $15 a month. Address B.
E. R.. box 574. Call office.
WANTED A n~at girl for general housework
.:i Mateo; wages $15. Apply at 309 Sacra-
mento st.
YOUNG lady desires position as cashier or
companion to elderly lady; references. Ad-
dress • all office.
WANTED— GirI to assist In housework; wages
$10. 1512 Bush st.
YOUNG Spanish lady would like a situation
to do second work. Inquire at 1036 i
THOROUGH teacher In grammar and compo-
sition; state terms. Box '■',?,. ''all office.
WANTED A competent girl for cooking and
sework. Apply Ml McAllister st.
WANTED— A girl to assist In housework;
wagi I I 1512 Bush st.
LADY for traveling show: must have $500;
pay. Address box 141. Call office.
GIRL to do housework; wages $10. Call at
store. 863 Bryant st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework. $10 a
m ..r.th. VL>n Bush st.
YOUNG prirl to do light housework and take
iat" of 2 children. iw~ Folsom sstt t
<;if:i. to wash dishes, J-; month, sleep home.
415 Stockton st.
WANTED- Refined, unincumberpd young lady,
71 <"ai. Inst., 402% Geary st.
REsrECT.MU.E old lady to do light work for
ill 619 Eddy st.
WANTED — Girl. German preferred, general
housework: small family; wages $15;. refer-
ences required. SIEVERB, 1401 A Scott St.
YOtTNG girl to assist tn l'<hr housework: !
small family: good home. IMO Vallejo st.,
near '■
GIRL for cooking and waiting on table; wages
$20. Call bet 10 and 4. 1608 Bcott st
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts. THE
BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 17-M Battery st.
WOMAN to do gentleman's washing and
mending. ' i 'all office.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Tnele Harris, 13 Grant ay.
DR. W ISK. the ladies' t-peclalist, 1115 Market
Ft ; monthly troubles, etc. On- visit sufficient.
WANTED— Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts; also a lim-
ited nunib-r to sew on buttons; will also
take a few Inexperienced for instruction.
Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and
■ sts.
THR McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School Is the b.-^t place to learn: Mechanics'
Fair d.plor^a; patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
OPERATORS on flannel overshirts and under-
war, Inexperienced hands taken and tauebt.
Lev! Str.T.iFS" A Co., "21U Fremont St.
LAWRENCE Press-Cutting School. 1079 Mar-
ker st. ; a perfect fit guaranteed without try-
ing on: call and be convinced.
US LARKIN Branch office of the Call. Sub-
tions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAITED.
WANTED— Coachman for gentleman's place in
country, $-" per month and found; milkers,
farmers, cooks, waiters nnd dishwashers. W.
T. EWER & CO., ■-•• Clay st.
WANTED- V.i'ine man about 2F> years ol
well acquainted with this city, to drive a '
first-class milk route; salary $3.1 per month.
board and lodging; references required. W.
I-. i:\\ EH I
MARKER a:-.d distributor, country hotel laun-
dry. * ;( " and found; south: reduced fare. C. i
U. HAXSEN a CO.. 108 Geary st.
XEAT. nrst-ciass barkeeper; city references;
nd found. C. X HANSEX & CO
Geary st.
11KAI> and second cook, country hotel. $100:
see party here 10 a. m. C. R. HANSI'.X
a CO., KM Geary st.
50 WOODBMEN to make ties, crosscut sawyers,
splitters and hewers; *c to 10c a tie. C R*
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Scary st.
WANTED— SO railroad tiemnkers for long Job
I to We; virgin timber; pay monthly; tools
advanced; miners. $x day. Apply to J F
CROSETT A CO., •"> Sacramento st.
WANTED— For Yukon, blacksmith, $150 month
board nn>\ fare paid; imist have J,">(mi to
11000 cash; responsible company; arrange-
ments made in this city. Apply to J F
CROSBTT * CO., S» Sacramento st.
WANTI 53 ,i a y 3
ship carpenters. SJ 60 to $3 day. Apply to J
F. CROSETT & CO., G» Sacramento st
WANTED— Manager for subscription depart-
ment of publishing house. |75 to WO; school
furnitur. Baleaman on commission. (Vddlv t>>
J. K. crosett & c. ... 628 Sacramento at
COOK, S.".n. city Job. . .
3 waiters. $2.". and $20: 3 dishwashers. MI'H-
RAY «v READY, 634 and 636 f\;iy st.
2 YOUNG men with some experience to do
carriage painting; see boss here. MTURAY
A RJ|ADY. 534 and 6M Clay st.
i.'llKili: MAKER
wany n.iners to wnrk on sliares
m;|:;av lV READY, m and SM Clay st.
whe|:lwrioht 1 — —
wauled; country shop; s"»> boss here MI'R-
RAVA READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
36 WCODCHOPPERS -- —
wanted, 4-fo"t pine «1 SO, 4-fnot red $1 15
cord, tools furnished; SM Comakers for d'.f-
fereiil place*, Re, '■'•■ and 1 ■ each. Mi'it-
BAY A.- READY, 134 and SM Claj
HOTEL clerk: 4 salesmen; 2 shoemakers
butcher; waiter: ( good in^n for outdoor
work, "'lerks Exchange, 1023 Market.
BALESMAN to sell goods to Oregon trade.
Clerks' ExrhnnKe. 1023 Market st.
FOREM VN • >r paper box factory: surveyor:
draughtsman; floor walker; elevator man: y<
new orders with first-class business I
reported to-day; no cost to Investigate.
Clerks' Exchange, 313 Bush. 1023 Market and
1618 Washington, Oakland.
SHOEMAKERS to gat men's calf uppers, $1:
same price to order; best American. $1 50
SHIRLEY, tB Howard St.
THE richt man to carry side line of glo\-es.
Excelsior Glove Co., 4!3 Market st.
MAN with 1500 for traveling shnw: puarnnteed
Address bo\ 411. Call office.
WANTED — Man to learn barber trade, Amer-
ican or Irish, at 1."42 Market st.
YOUNQ man with experience in the butoher
business. 3143 Sixteenth St., near Guerrero.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; chance
for steady work. 8» Washington st.. Oak-
land. ,
BARBER for Saturdaj . .'. nd f u "?f y:
15c shop. ror. Twentieth ana Florida
GOOD harher for Sun. lav at the Select.. 1211
Railroad aye., Alameda. Hay station.
WANT] ' barber; g""d wages. 787
Mis-i.i: M I rth. |
WANTED- A barl ''' !iirJ Ft -
I BARBERS wanted, t How * ri s l
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday; wages, $3.
Call early. 630 Fourth st. %
WANTED- Barbers. 207 Fourth st.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday; wages. $3. 227
Second et. Call alter 7 a. m.
WANTED— A barber. 921 Harrison stre«t
WANTED A good barber for Saturday and
Sunday. & J
WANTED— Barber Saturday and Sunday;
wages. 2H Hayes st.
WANT!:;' \c I sec nd * for restaurant.
112 Fourth st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
Tnlted States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches an! 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ban Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Doctor for medicine company;
must have diplomas and lecture. Write with
full particulars to J. O. OLIVER. Grand Cen-
tral Hotel, Sr ckton. Cal.
WANTED— G raJ blacksmith: must
have $600. Box C, Call, lfith and Mission sts.
FIRST-CLASS her,.! waiter for a large hotel,
$S0: state experience, references and height.
Box 554, Call office.
WANTED— TaiIor to buy a tailor-shor. doing
good business. Call at once, 506 Eighth St..
Oakland.
JAPANESE D Bureau; choice help
furnished. 9 Powell st.. room 2: tel. Clay 783.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
PARTNER for pork and sausage store; small
capital; good trr.de. 235 Thil
WANTED— An experienced city salesman.
wnstone Wine Company. 331 Ellis St.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to gpt bottle beer
or v. it free lunch. 643 Clay st.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— RoOme 2">c to $1
nitrht; *i to $4 week : hot and cold baths.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st.. nfnr Jackson.
MEN'S soleing, . 40c; while you
wait. 63* Market: branch. 767 Market.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FTJCHS Grant aye.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
615 LARKlN— Branch ofPcp of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 16c night, 75c and $1
week. Ltndell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barb.-r trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 13SM; Eighth.
ELCHO Huus», b63Vi Market st.— Rooms 20c.
ESc to CO.' nitcht: $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS, 16c to 75c per night; 50c to $150 per
week Oriental. 225 Drumm St.
WANTED— At Montana House, 7C4V4 Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 26c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, st»l
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 larga
rooms: 2*c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms. ISc a night: reading-room;
frpp 'bus and Viieenc to and from the ferry.
FIRMTIUE \VA:- TEI).
HIGHEST pri?»s to fill new building. g4O Mis-
sion et.; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St.: hie-hest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— In San Rafael, modern house or
cottage of 6 to S r<->oms: mu«t be low rrnt and
in good location: state price. Box 4--. Call.
TWO or "■ rooms for h msekeeping. Address
b.'X r.69. Call office.
\Y \ \ TED— M ISCELLA \ KOUS.
"WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves,
et-. JAMES CURTIN, 1123 Market
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins,
wanted, best prices; Bend postal. 1020 F
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; lowest rates;
no coir. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hal) Sqre.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.,
bo-.ipht and sold. J. Livingston, 2''>4 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, sliver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add COLEM.«K, 41 Third.
DENTISTS.
FULL set of teeth, $S: painless extraction: see
our combination plnte. thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years: teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted it transplanted: fillings 50c. crowns
all work and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry: no sh^ok ; painless extraction a
P< sitive fact; full set of teeth, J" up: stiver
t"i!Mr.»;?. 2.'." up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate; open evenings.
887 Market st.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone .less:- 696.
PR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. nth; no
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates like new: teeth from $S
per get; extracting 50c; pas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine T.eek dent-
is-t. discoverer of painless; extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to en o'Karrell.
NEW York dentists Plates $." up: silver fill-
ings, 25c up: srold fillings. 75c up; plates
mended, ?' up: painless extraction, 50
work warranted. 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
$S—FT'I.L5 — FT'I.L set of teeth: best make; kept in
repair; extracting free: nllincrs. 50c; crowns,
$?. 50. Pacific Dental I Third st.
L. A. TEAGUE, A. Cane, F. Teague. removed
to Call buildinp. sixth floor, rooms fTO-607.
\v C. HARDING. M D., 500 Sutler -■
Powell: tel. Main :>:!7.'.; painless extraction.
ALL w.irk reasonable and warranted. PR J.
W. KET, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H C
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
COLTON Dental Association. >:06 Market st.
PR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until !>.30
clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
TEAS.
TEAS.
20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 50 per pound.
COFFEES.
10 15. 20, 25. 35. 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 1.-.. 20, 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES U8 TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES,
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
s;.-: HOUSES.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage: 40 horses; must
sell. T. P. NEWELL, ISo2. Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 527 Sixth Ft., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
■'" HEAD of horses suitable for any business
Old Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
4 MARKET St.— Branch office of The 1 all-
"■■: ' ■•■'.-■ and snhcfriinifnrt taken. " ~*j_\'
WAGONS AM) CAIIHIAGES.
SECOND-HAND grocery, "bakery deltvery
wagons 2- wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
fnd S V^enciTsTs barsains for cash - Fifteenth ;
TOP buggy . new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-spring deli very wagon. 1161 Howard
FINE laundry baker - s and mTlir~wagon3 cheap
for cash installments; 1 fine top and open
( buggy; also 1 hack. 82S Harrison stBUSINESS CHANCES.
A—s3so;A — $350; best paying corner saloon on Sixth St.; i
rent $40; a genuine business offer; rarest
chance In the market. All particulars, call
WILKE. 783 Market st.
$900— CHOP house and restaurant; established
many years and doing a first-class busim.s3;
meals, 20 cents and above; choicest location
opposite ferry landing; rent low; lease.
WILKE, 753 Market .-:.
$250— SAIX)ON; established yeais: close to three
theaters and Baldwin Hotel: low rent, doing
good paying business; tlrst-class bargain.
WILKE. 7&3 Market st.
$500— SALOON; established many years; sur-
. rounded by shipping offices and factories;
rent $17: a first-class, paying place; actual
value about ?s00; bargain. Particulars
WILKE, 783 Market si . ]
$2500— RAREST chance: corner saloon in very j
best location in city; established many |
years; clearing above $250 per mo.; lease:
large stock; the very best class of customers. j
Particulars, WILKE, 7-.; Market st.
$600 — and first-class paying saloon: close
to Baldwin Hotel: best .las- of custom; net
rent ISO; a fine business opening. Inquire
WILKE. 783 Market St.
$300— OLD-ESTABLISHED corner saloon, best
part of the city, will be sold by the brewery
direct: a great bargain. WILKE. 753 Mar-
ket st.
$400— CARPENTER shop and shooting gallery;
bargain. CURRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
$35"— SALOON: bait" price; going to Klondike.
CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$150— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business:
Ftea.ly man required. CURRAN & CO.. 30
Kearny st.
$225— BRANCH bakery and variety Etore; 5
rooms. CURRAN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
$20' i — Partner in saloon doing paying business.
CCRRAN & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. 865>4 Market
St.. Will sell your business quick for cash.
$10on— GROCER!' and bar; fine location.
$7.10 — Restaurant doing good business.
$<">0 — Lodging house; beet location.
! $125— Branch bakery near Market St.
See ARMSTRONG & ALLISON, SCoVi Market.
NOTICE— STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny St.. will
Bell your business quick for cash. i
$150 — SALOON: best location in city; !
clears $75 monthly; a sure bargain; offer ;
_wanted. STRAND & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$350— HOTEL cigar stand; well paying.
$700 — Saloon, best location in city.
J.'flO— Cor. grocery and bar; Western Addition.
$350— Coal oil route: well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and ether eocd bargains at
ANDERSON & WINN. 777 Market st.
$125— GROCERY and bar; chance In lifetime;
worth tn-ble; 3 rooms: rent $20: must be sold
at once. M. LESS, 7C5 Market.
CANDY-STORE; Market st. : receipts $300 per
month; offer wanted. DECKER. 1020 Market.
ELEGANTLY Tllte.i saloon, southwest corner
Twenty-first and Valencia sis. . a bargain to
a quick cash buyer. Inquire of McDONALD. j
25 Davis st., between S and 10 a. m.
GOODWILL of old-established furniture busl- !
ness and a well-selected stock for sale cheap. I
Inquire room 416, Safe Deposit building.
FOR sale — Whole or part interest In profitable \
business. Box 572, Call office.
$500— Englishman with above sum wants to
Join another with same amount to start some
kind business at Dyea or Skaguay. PAYNE,
box 565, this office.
PLAY the races on our new system: $<">0 a week
on $100 capital; no charges unless successful.
Call or write the American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, B.V) Market st., S. F.
WANTED A boarding-house by the Ist of
March; 10 to 14 rooms: suitable for two ladles I
to manage: city or country. Address C, box I
8. Call office, Oakland.
PAYING office business to be sold at half in- j
ver.t ■ owner going away. Union Manu-
facturing Company, 1020 Market St., room 1.
WANTED— Partner with S2OD cash; good bust- I
ness: must be willing to ro to Chica?r>; inves-
tigate. ROBERT BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis, city.
FOR sale— First-class country merchant tailor-
ing establishment: good bargain for a cash
buyer. Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
FOR PALE— Stationery and book store; fine
location: good bargain. N. a., box 11, Call
office. Oakland.
WANTED— Goodwill of country saloon; state
price; no agents. Box 561, Call office.
$350— CIGAR nnd news stand in railroad sta-
tion. S., box 10, Call office. Oakland.
$500— Restaurant; good business; trial given.
233 Sixth st.
• WANTED — Capable Indy manager; som** cap-
ital: rare chance. MRS. A., box 537. Call.
$1100— BAKERY and confectionery In the b"st i
part of city; store trade daily Jl9 to $22;
Sundays J.Vi to «f): outside trade 9 to 11; ;
without wagon route. Apply Call Office.
1151 MISSION— For sale, branch bakery, candy j
and notion store: $125.
YOUNG woman with a child 5 years, wants
position as housekeeper. 2W Sixth st.
GENTLEMAN partnr-r. commission business
in the country. 1015 Market, rm, 17. 2d f.oor.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap. Inquire at 43
Third st. X agents.
PARTNER— Stock in hand invoices over $30,000;
trade big: too large for one to handle; man
more than cash wanted. Box f.43. Call office.
FOR sale Flower store, doing fine business;
good reason for selling; established 4 years;
low rent. For further particulars address
box 521, Call office.
DOWNTOWN notion-store. located In the
heart of the traffic, with a Krod stock and
long lease at low rent: price $5000: principals
only: good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postags
free.
GROCFRY and branch bakery; well estab-
lished. 567 Howard st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cr-nts— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
2526 MlSSlON— Subscriptions and want ads
taken for The Call.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
oflica or at 133 Third St.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento Ft.
• $25— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; sult-
able for any business. 15 Grant aye.
ICECREAM parlor and candy-store; account
of death: bargain. 934 Valencia.
BAKERY in fine country town, sold at a bar-
gain. Apply 2r29 McAllister st.
E27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and 'want ads taken.
LODGING HOI. FOR SALE.
84 ROOMS, fine corner $1«00
6 rooms, new flat, corner 400
89 rooms, corner, the very best 2000
14 rooms, on O'Farrell St., only 650
108-room hotel, only 6500
i 16 rooms, on Market, part offices 850
f 80-room house, must sell 750
14 rooms, on Golden Gate aye., rent $40 COO
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
[ H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
FOR sale— Lodging and boarding house; pay-
ing well; best location: low rent; 43 rooms;
good furniture: price $4000; $2500 cash, $1500 In
1 year. Inquire of MR. A. S. HONEL. 320
Butter St.; no agents.
$100 — Partly furnished house of 14 rooms; near
Mission and Third: 24 rooms. Mission and
Fourth. $475: 50 houses for sale. Before pur-
chaslng apply HBALY & CO.. 917 Market st.
32 rooms— Market St.: nicely furnished: rent
$2 50 per room; clears $100 per month; one-
half cash; balance 1 per cent. W. M. EL-
SOM. 1346 Market Et.
$4fiO— Rooming house of 1C rooms for sale. 136
Sixth st.
FOR SALE— Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-
Borne st.
33 o 2 AYES -ST.— Branch office of Uhe Call.
Subscriptions and nds taken.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleanlnc Works; cleans
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr '
88 and 40 Eighth st. ;. telephone South 250."
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work i
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. 80. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Work-, 14 Sth ft.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie 201
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new J~-
M QUEEN. 453 Stevenson; tel. S. 228.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co 420 Sutter-
tei. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop. *V
CLEANING, 8c; laying, 3c; rug samples free;
tel Jessie 544. St nit ton, 3 Eighth.
- RPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
a Tenth; tel. South 86. Mackintosh & Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning c a yard; tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
f STORAGE.
A ? lo^ r » — Furniture, carpets." pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building F W
BBBFUSS, &40 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2L '
HOUSES TO LET.
$20— HOUSE. 6 sunny rooms; bath; larse yard;
stable 1717 Kills, near St'elner.
11 ROOMS, 2 baths, laundry, yard. etc.. $35.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off 12th st.
TWENTY-SIXTH, Whole or part of
house, 7 rooms; modern; yard.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
so. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay
it off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., II Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN . '
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN & ;
1 ■ H.'WKI.L, 10 Montgomery. _____
FtTRNISHED HOUSES. _
8 ROOMS, bath; well furnished: piano; near
California: Western Add. low rent to good
tenant. W. B. HUFF & CO.. 2405 California.
SITNNY corner flat, 4 rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent to responsible ten- ;
ant. Apply MADISON & BURKE. 626 Mar-
ket st. j
COTTAGES TO LET.
$7, $S and $9 cottages, 3 and 4 rooms: good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant, or Umbsen & Co.. 14 |
Montgomery st.
CHERRY, 109— Nice sunny cottage. furnished
or unfurnished; 7 rooms, bath, basement and
garden. Apply 120 Golden Gate aye., marble !
shop.
■ SUNNY cotta*e, 7 room* and bath: 1 block
from park; all modern improvements; marine
view. 2517 McAllister -•
It IvM>III D II ATS.
CHEAP 7-room flat: central; modern. Address
box "i.. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
CHERRY, 111— Flat. 3 rooms, bath; basement;
back garden; $12. Apply 120 Golden Gate aye.
FLATS of 4 and 5 rooms on sunny Bide of
Clementina St.. bet First and Second. Keys
at 70 Clementina st.
EIGHTEENTH. 4585 A, near Hattle— Sunny
Rats; $10 and $13. ]
4 AND 6-room flats: some with gardens; sun- j
ny; attractive view; on Twelfth st. and
Glen Park aye.: $12. US, $14. $18 and $23.50.
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye, off. Twelfth :
street.
FOUR rooms and bath. 223 laurel aye.. bet.
Turk and Eddy, off Van Ness aye.; rent
reduced.
NEW modern flat: just completed: latest im-
provements. 828 Lombard St., cor. Jones.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St., nr.
I Polk SPECK CO.. 602 Market st.
66."> PINE ■ —3 flats of 3, 4 and 5 rooms; bath;
nice location.
i POINT LOBOS road. 1313— Nicely furnished
I flat, 5 rooms; reasonable; family leaving city.
j FLAT of 7 rooms and bath, $17.
; Flat of 4 rooms and bath, $10.
! Flat of 3 furnished rooms. $8.
Key at 449? Seventeenth Ft.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew- ;
»-!ry; low inter*?*, Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING lIOO.MX.
CAPP, 329—2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping.
FIFTH, 314—2 Sunny front connecting house- i
keeping rooms; bath, stove, closet; private;
810.
— ■ _ —
| FIRST, 28- S nice front rooms, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping. $12.
I GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 404—3 sunny front
rooms: complete housekeeping: $25; also un-
furnished rooms.
' GROVE, 202. cor. Van Ncsa aye.— Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suites; with gas stove.
GROVE 728U— Parlor, alcove and one room for
: housekeeping; rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 821 — Housekeeping rooms: single. $7
and $8 per month; suites. $12: other rooms.
HOWARD. Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping room; gas and bath; cheap.
HOWARD. Sift. nr. Fourth— Biv- window front
rooms, $2; suites, $3 per week: transient.
MARTHA place. 3. off Geary, bet. Taylor and
Mason— Furnished room for light hkpg.
| MCALLISTER. 340—2 nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
| MISSION 947 — Two lan front rooms and
i kit hen: also others, cheap.
| MISSION. 1219— Two sunny housekeeping
suftpsj_fronf and back.
; MINNA, 4." r ' Large front room nicely fur-
nished: light housekeeping.
j NINTH 77—2 furnished housekeeping rooms
with separate yard; cheap.
I SEVENTH. 553—2 furnished housekeeping '
i rooms; $6.
! SIXTH, USA— or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19-$lO. 6 nice sunny rooms,
Irr-ludinp bath: nlso $7 50. 4 good rooms.
TEHAMA, Nice gunny room for house-
keeping, With stove, $4.
I TWENTY-FOURTH. 8404. near Valencia—
i sunny front rooms furnished for housekeep-
! ing; $10.
I VALENCIA, 1139. near Twenty-third— 2 well
! furnished housekeeping rooms; sunny; bath,
! Fink: rent $11.
j VAN NESS .'l7. cor. ~El!ls St. -Sunny
front housekeeping. $1$; also unfurnished.
i MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
____ ROOMS TO LKT.
J BUSH, Nice sunny single furnished room:
$s.
EDDY, 917— Nicely furnished front connecting
rooms: gas range; splendid location.
CLEMENTINA. 880, nr. Eighth- 2 QnfUl
rooms for housekeeping: very nice. "
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
ELLIS. 618— Sunny front rooms, en suite or
single, with board, $20.
; FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
AUBTRIA HOUSE. 246 Fourth— Sunny front
rooms, single, double and housekeeping.
GEARY. 402— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7.
GEARY, 51S— Elegant sunny housekeeping
rooms.- complete; also double, single; rea-
sonable.
. HAVES, 132— Sunny furnished front room: $5.
HOWARD, 715, Ft. Davids— 2oo rooms; suites;
single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
1 HOWARD. 1806, cor. Fourteenth^ sunny
( front rooms; rent $9.
1 JESSIE, 435— Rear of Mint: a neat, sunny room
1 for one or two; 86 and $8.
i ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
1 sunny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
i In every respect; terms reasonable.
. LARKIN. 2214— Large sunny bay-wlndaw
room; furnished; grate: one or two gentle-
men; references required.
i MARTHA place, 6, south of Geary, above Ma-
son— Large sunny room for 1 or 2; terms rea-
sonable.
MARTHA place. 3, -iff Geary, bet. Taylor and
.Mason— Nice furnished front room for 1 or 2
persons.
MCALLISTER, lOSO— Sunny furnished front
room; running water; $6 per month; first
floor.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
MISSION, 1775, near Fourteenth— 4 unfurnished
rooms; .bath and stationary tuba.
O'FARRELL. 327— Sunny single room; well
furnished; $6 a month.
POLK, 2702—5 partly furnished rooms. $7.
POST. Sunny furnished room In private
family; use of kitchen, or board of desired;
cheap to desirable party.
POWELL, 123— Good furnished suite of rooms
to rent by the day, week or month.
RUSS, 127— Single furnished room, $4 month.
. $1 week; closet; gentleman.
SECOND, 62— Light housekeeping suite; single
and double rooms; $1 to $2 SO per week.
1 GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
SEVENTH, Furnished' suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
SIXTH. - 139— Large sunny nicely furnished
bay-window room; grate; $3.
STOCKTON. 17, European— rooms;
suite or single: day, week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
BUTT JOB* Gl4— Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; bay-window; first floor.
TENTH, 111. near Turk— Large sunny front
rooms, with closet and stove.
TURK, Large front bay-window room; 1
or 2 gentlemen.
WASHINGTON, Eo2— Why pay carfare and use
extra fuel? 3 sunny housekeeping rooms, $8;
also 2 for 86.
WILLIAM, 107, off Geary, bet. Taylor and
— Sunny furnished room. <■
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JAXUAKY 15, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
FRONT and back parlor in a private family;
located In central part of the city; cars pass
d.or; rent $10 per mo. ' Address box 541. this
office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
COO BUSINESS cards printed $1; 23 visiting
cards. 25c. HILL. 724',, Market st.
HOARDING AND ROOMS
WIDOW would like an elderly gentleman to
board; terms reasonable. Address L. L.,
2526 Mission st.
LADY having an elegant home In a very se- '
lect neighborhood desires to accommodate a
few fam lies; superior board; rooms large
and sunny; references. Address box 550. Ca11.
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms: first-class board, $3 50.
FELL. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board. $33.
FOLSOM. Swedish private boarding, with
loom. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
SOS VAN NESS AYE.— Newly furnished sunny
rooms: pood board : terms moderate.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
AMERICAN lady living In one of the healthi-
est locations in Ban Rafael will take chil-
dren- of good family to board; best or cure
and training. Address W. A. V.. box 652
San Rafael.
WANTED Nice home for 2 little girls; not to
exceed $S each; middle-aged widow having
home preferred: please write and state full
particulars. Address box 551, Call office.
YOUNG woman wishes full charge of Infant;
references. 2803 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— ChiId to board; best of care; terms
reasonable. 1034 McAllister st.
STORES TO LET.
STORE and 6 rooms; suitable for butcher
shop or fruit store; cheap. Cor. Twenty-
seventh and Alabama.
OFFICES TO LET.
2 BAY-WINDOW suite?, 2, 3 rooms, nicely fur-
: nished; suitable offices; reasonable. 321 Pills.
21$ BANSOME si . now occupied by W. Loalza
& Co. ASHTON. 411 Montgomery st.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not"
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4. IS, $6, $7, .<-. $:»,
$10; handsome scarf and Wood seat stool In-
cluded .no charge for cartage. Purcahsa your
medium an.l low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter Bts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult us. Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 to 20
O'Farrell st . Curtax block.
CONOVER, slightly \i«e<l. |BW.
Stelnway, slightly used, $275.
Chlckerlng, second hand, $ir*ft.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent. Installments.
The F. W. SPENCER CO., PJJ Market St.
A very fln» opportunity this morning to se-
cure an elegant upright plan, at a great bar-
gain. Investigate to-day THE J. DEW-
ING CO.. second floor. Flood building. Fourth
and Market.
PIANOS at cut prices: Improve the opportu-
nity; agency fanvwit Haines Bros., Bush &
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft *• Co.. 321 Post.
LARGE stock of Stelnway. Chickerinc and
other standard makes of upright pianos from
$125 to $250 at HEINE ft CO.. 136 Ellis. Y. M.
C. A. building: SHAW agent.
KEEFFE s7To2T~VarT Ness aye.. 3 Une up-
rights. little used. sacrificed; Schubert.
Steinway and Decker Bros.
DECKER ft SON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Get low prices from Mauvals Music
' Co.. 769 Market Ft. -■; . -. -:
SOHMER&Co., Byron Mausy. Newby, Evans,
Brigg* an.l other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308. 810, 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S Bale— Must Fell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash nr on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
A fine piano sacrificed for cash: see It this
morning, as the first caller will surely take
It. Room 12 Flood building.
FINE Decker upright piano sold for storage
j charges. Pacific Storage Co.. 228 Stockton Ft.
A — *.V): fine large upright : sacrificed for cash.
1361 Folsom St.. corner Tenth.
$40 plann: splendid Instrument; great sacri-
fice. 1131H Mission Kt.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister c t.. near Hlbernla Bank.
j HORNUNG'S new style pianos; most perfect.
i brilliant, powerful tone. 210 Post st.
I KINOSBURY (If ' model) Is the piano you
j want. J. HARRY SCOTT. F26 Hayes st.
j SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. H.
i MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
j KNAI pianos: new scale: new styles.
TCOHT.FR A- CHAPE, 30 O'Farrell St.
MEDICAL.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once: nafe
and Fure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid; Instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity; home in confinement.
best cor* nnd privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the -tor before going elsewhere;
regulating pills and capsules, $1. MRS.- DR.
WYETH. 811 Post st.. near Larkln.
ALL of Pr Fouiefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure (or all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 M per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
ppeclai diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye, S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere, write us. s
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause in few hours when medicines and others
have fnil»>("i: no Instruments used: many
years' experience; every case guaranteed: ad-
vice free: terms reasonable: flrst-class pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS DR.
DALEY. 1126 Market St., over Owl Drugstore.
SURE cure. wh»n others fail; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for al! female troubles, no matter from
what eaJie; restore In 1 day: never falls: con-
sultation free; can be sent and used at home
DR. POPPER. SIS Kearny. Orders by tele.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., formerly '2~> ESddy Ft— Safe, quick cute
for all f male co.-r.plnlnts guainnteed: pri-
vate home In confinement: every comfort;
Infants adopted: terms modi-rate; pills It.
A liOON to wlv>s and mothers — Seguro; prli^>
$1 60. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., C3l X st., Sacramento, Cal.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment;
maternity home; best care: skill only; low
fees; Dr. Schuck's pelf-cure, $5. 401 Van Ness.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
f>r.i.\ *" tr>. r-'es: no danger: safe, cur-- J2 50;
expreFF C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late
OSOOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cat,
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. Scott. 410 Geary St.. now
lU'4 Market: female complaints and Jir.eascs
of the eye permanently cured or no charge;
treatment by mall; Inclose stamp.
LADIES — Why suffer? <;■ I released from
trouble: irregularities rest, red without fall;
low fees: specific female pills, $1 50 DP
BMITH. 1508 Market st ; 1 to 4. 7 to 8 p. m. *'
DRS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood
skin or private diseases. 8 Mason st S. F.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Poets; Infallible safe reme-
dies. 254 H Fourth st
STERILITY cuied by Mrs. Dr. Battler, gradu-
ate midwife. 1703 Powell St.: t I. red H4J
PARIS MATERNITY. 609 Bust St.: confine-
ment at home, 10 days. $20. Tel. Green CM.
HEM/THY child for adoption. Mrl np*
FUNKK. 1416 Eighth St.. A1nm.,1.-. ' '
LOST.
Llewellyn setter. I year Return to
2021 California St., receive reward.
LOST— Monday. ladies' opal ring; reward"
Return to 2905 Sixteenth st. reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco; No 19.
70S. The flnder will please return to bank."'
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of Ran Francisco, In the
name of EDWARD H. GEIB. No, 204 858
The finder will please return to bank. '
BRING old gold and silver to me and get ,-■,,■„
for It. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
TYPEWRITERS.
REMINGTON No. 3; fine order; 125- «ajnnl«
sent. SCOTT A- BANNAN. 333 Montgomery!
pHYSIcIAJVgp HYSlclAJVg
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence"
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
DR. CONDORrS
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
100 capsules $10, 10U0 capsules $90. Address
DR. V CONDORY,
959 Howard st.
HONORABLE well to do young man wishes
to make acquaintance of respectable working
girl. Matrimony, box 578. Call Office.
FIRST-CLASS business cards, cheap. West
Coast Publishing Co., 14 McAllister, room 20.
IRENE G. WERNER. Renle Great Scott, at
Colton House. Third st.
NEW method; massage and electric treatments
for nervousness, general debility, etc.; hours
10 to 6. MRS. JOHNSON, 814',i Geary st.
ALASKA— We w sh to Inform Intending Klon-
dlkers that we have the largest and most
complete stock of Arctic fur clothing and na-
tive boots, made by the Esquimaux ot I the
Arctic Circle. BTABBNB & FRIEDMAN. 257-
259 Pacific st.
HAIR which is oily Is generally healthy; come
and let me show you how to keep and care
for your hair; halnlresslng only 2.V: good !
switches, $1; finest, best quality. $3 50; extra i
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays 9 to 12 a. m.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-lnw. £50 Market, cor Stockton.
CAL. INST., 402»i Geary; tel. Davis 583: hyp-
notism taught. $5: diseases and habits cured.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic prevents the hair fall-
ing out. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
PROF. J. GREVEN will Introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert at
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26. IS9S. Miss j
M. De Chent. dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths; a»*lUlne massage; Swedish movement;
ladles, gents. SO6 Market, room 25. 2d floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. HS Clay St.. S. F. 1
I BIG outdoor stereorticon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth: artistic advertise-
ments in living light; promoters of business. '■
Consult OWL ADV. CO.. U4O Market St.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms, ,
26c to $1 DO per night; $1 60 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
■■ $14— Suit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HATS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny st.
GREAT catarrh cure; Wilsons vaporizing in-
haler: J26A Ellis; test free; cure $5.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. !0 Sansome Ft.
BRANCH office of The Call. 167 Ninth St.—
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush.
SUIT to order en easy Installments. L.
I.KMOS. 1117 Market Ft., het 7th and Sth.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dress, s made over. « Eddy st . rm M.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, navigation, etc.: 20 teach-
I ers day and eve. sessions; catalogue mailed.
AYRES' Business College, 325 Montgomery St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
i ship. $50: low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school: civil, electrical, mm
Ing. meeh.. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
eat. 1&64. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ACCOMPLISHED English woman offers to
teach French and music In exchange for a
home with a family; highest references. 1206
Polk st.
! BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tan's counting room makes you
thorough. Room F. 72, 555 Market st.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin, 60c an hour:
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla st.
YOUNG man desires to study English pri-
vately m In class; state terms. Address box
660. Call office.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day. night: $5 mo 1504 Market, op. Sth.
I GENTLEMEN taught languages evenings by
foreign lady teacher. Box 469, Call office.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type-
writing; terms reasonable. I<>l3A Post Ft.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236~Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96; 103 In '97.
LUDLUM School of Elocution and Dramatic
! Art. 828 Batter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER, teacher mandolin,
guitar and banjo. 535 Market st., off Mason.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate; French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. if** Taylor Ft.
Miss GAMBLE'S dancing school: adults' class
Saturdays I P. M. 317 Devlsadero st.
FISK teachers' agencies In 10 cities: teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons:
$.1 month. Mary Westhaun. 39 Fifth Ft.
CLAIRVOYANTS. v
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or burled property: locates
treasures, minerals: tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 n. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
■LARK, rms. 25 & 26. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
ren<ler. born doubl* veil and second sight:
diagn(,sls disease, full life reading; la.. 50c;
gents $1: palm. * elairv. : Bit. *1 SO. 128 Turk.
REMOVED— Mme. Uro-mar te-lls fortunes by
planets; prd'td "74 " steamer on Island. 23Vfe
Sixth, room 6.
JI'ST arrived from New York Cltr. medium
and card-reader: present, past, future. 765
Market nt , room ?
MRS. S. J. Carman of Portland: wonderful
test medium; this week only. 563V4 Market,
room 10.
MISS MIRANDA, mind reader, electro mn«-
netle treatments. 1122 Market St.. room SI.
MMI' WOOps, mind reader, card reader, mag-
netic charms. 107 Poel st.. room 8.
MME. MHRKAI*. test medium, clairvoyant,
card reuder: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
RAY FAlR— Card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st.. room 2.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 12 s ! S-venth St., second floor.
SATISFACTION rr ro pay. 1204 Mission, above
F.lghth. front parlor. Face cream free.
MME MAHF.L HALL, rard reader, has located
at 1104 Mission St., rOOM 10.
MISS LOLA M. STEVENS, card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 225 Mason, suite 1-2.
MME. AMIi:. medium, card reader and mag-
netic healer: charms. 122 Poat st . room 1&
MME ZINELLA, the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12. If>9 Grunt aye.
MME LINDEN, returned card reader and mar-
netlst: charms. 12 f Fourth, room 2S
MRS MANDFNA. medium and palmist; read-
Ings 2Sc this week: satisfaction gar'td. 2« 6th.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader 9Zl'4 Mission St.. opp. Mint.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; name* given: 2Sc up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. HANBEN, pnlmist. card-writer, past.
■Nt and future; 25<*. 148 Sixth, room a.
MISS MAT'P WINTERS, card reader; electro-
magnetic treatments. 120H Geary st.. room 2.
MIPS E. LOEBEL ban returned to 121 Mont-
gomery St.. room S. Card reader.
MME. PODAN. Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palmist. Cl 9 F.ddy, ? to 8 P. M.
MI;S SHAFFER, teat and business medium;
sittings dally. 123 V; Sixth nt.. room 14.
MRS PR. ANNA THOMAS-FtrM In her pro-
renston: never falls: advice: heln. !W Pn«t
SPIR TIALISM.
MRS. FCLTON'S materialising seance to-
night, 50c; sittings daily. SI Fell st.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer; de-
\el ping circle Wednesday eve. lIS Haight st.
MME MAYO STEERS, 112H Oak; ctrclea
Tv«« S P.M.. Thurs 2 P.M.; 25c; readings 81.
HOBKINS, spiritual medium, circle
Tues., 8 p. m.. 25c: readings. Jl. 214 Franklin.
MRS. J J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
rr»«Mifes and adv.ee ?!<; Stockton St.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY: rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.
ALL kinds bought, pold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 20R Fourth St.
TO LEASE.
OLD Y. M. C A. building. 2J2 Sutter et.. to
rent for long term of lease. Apply to H. J.
M'COY. Mason and Ellis sts.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE^ '
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGKE A; SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
4 MONTGOMERY ST.,
,\.:^ y UNION TRUST BUILDING.
NEW PROPERTY.
$2750— HaiKhr St.; lot 25x100: one block from
Market st.; bet. Octavia and Laguna; very
cheap lot.
Cottage and lot. $1S5O; Herman St.. north side,
bet. Fillmore and Steiner; 25x120 to rear street;
very cheap.
Battery and Pacific; corner 25x57V4. and build-
ings; rent $50; $SCOG.
Vallejo st., bet. Van Ness and Franklin; 25x
137*4 ; $2750; street accepted.
Corner Portland aye. and Wool St.. near Mis-
sion st. and electric cars; 75x70; $1400.
INVESTMENTS.
Valencia st. business property; on the best
block, near Twentieth; 50x110 and 3-story
building; large store below and flats above;
rents $120; $19,000.
$Ssoo— Rents $30; Chinese merchants have been
there for 25 years; 2-story and basement brick
and lot 25X137H; Sacramento, bet. Kearny and
Dupont. ".;• •■'. -
Reduced to — Third st., near Mission;
brick building; leased at $1."..V
$15,000— Polk and Pine, northeast corner: !0x
C:"'j and 3-story building: store below; rents $35.
Fine Investment — Corner Inside Larkin st. ;
lOOxlld, »nd substantial improvements; rents
$270; $35,000.
RESIDENCES AND HOUSES AND LOTS.
$11,000— Pacific aye. resldenco and lot 34'4x
127.i; north side; fine view and best block;
cheap.
New Pacific Heights residence; north sMe
of street; grand view; unobstructed and shel-
tered location; house has reception hall,
music room, parlor, billiard room, dining
room and kitchen; upstairs. 4 bedrooms, libra-
ry, sewing and servant's room; basement,
dance hall, wine and heater rooms; only $17,500.
Broadway; north side; near Octavia: marine
view: 33 feet front and 2-story; 8 rooms and
bath; reduced to $8700.
Poison St.. bet. 24th and 2"th: 25x112<4
to rear street, and 2-story. bay window house;
street accepted; cars pas*.
$2000— Cottages and lots 25x100; Thirty-fourth
st.; 100 feet from Mission st. and electric cars;
easy i-rms.
$1500— Two small houses and lot E7Vizl2s:
Thirtieth St., bet. Sanchez and Noe; very easy
terms.
Only $5200 — A very fine buy: Fillmore St.;
growing into business; 25x100. and very Rood 2-
story of 8 rooms and bath, bet. Sutter and
Bush.
Ashbury St., In the best residence block; neat
2-story and lot 25',ixlS6Vi to DeLong aye.; only
$4500; easy terms; street accepted.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, basement; lot 30x49: on
Church St., one block from cars; $1200.
QEO. W. 11. PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Mar-
ket st.
j $50 DOWN, balance $13 35 monthly; new 4 -room
and bath cottage and lot: close to car lines;
f. already sold. JACOB heyman, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
STOP paying rent. Hepln the new yt-ar right.
Rem<-mlx»r the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home Is worthy of
a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled. tine hijrh.
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern improvements op to date; must be seen to
be rirpr»*ciHt(»d; J3OX>; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Portland aye. and
n st.. to J. M. <"v>MEKFt>nr>. from 1 to
3:30 p. m.; take Mission-st. cars to Cortlan.l ay.
HOUBB, E rooms; barn, j cowa aad chick^n-
, house. ~> s-i.. n.ir Twentieth.
J650 WII^L build 4-room cottape complete;
will call. GKO. M. SALSBI'RY. builder. 521
X st., Punnet I>istriet.
CHOICJD business property; northwest corner
Mission and Spear sts.: 45:10x117:6; moat be
dispoeed ot Apply H. BCHWERIN, Ml Clay.
OX I^yon St.. between McAllister and tJoiden
Oate avß., a new. modern sevtn roomed cot-
: ■ ii'itlMii'.v frescoed, and laundry.
4-r>M. cottafre ami lot. IISOO: 1 block from mu-
slon cars: $16 monthly. HABIN. 413 K'parny.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANB on fvirniture or plants in B. X . i>;ik-
land or Abtmeda. at lowest rates, without
removal; n" commliwton*: no delays. X.
NDONAN, 1017 to LOS Mission, above Sixth,
tel. South 14.
HIQHL.T respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and j.w-
elry at the lowest rat^s. I'.allwln Jewelry
Btore, '.'lv Market ft. : tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and fi'-.. per cent:
also on second mortgages: life Insurance and
real estate in probate: any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture und pianos without removal: no
vomminslnn; 10-,vpst Interest: part payments
>-d: money quick and confidential. 1170
Mark'-t st , room 6S.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rnt»s; tel. Red 1121: established 1569.
$.". PKR mor.th Interest on ea< h $H*m; ,i.', cents
per TOO. on $100; nny amount: on 2*l mort-
!friK<>. any security. Address v'.ish. box 2. Call.
rnlture. pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
movnl; low rates, no commission; $2f> up;
private party. BONELLL M <;«';i.ry st.
ON furniture, plan"*: tiu commlssloii ; K>w
rafK; private. BCRIBNER & CO., 7 City
Hall Sqiiart-
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortsag*-?. estates in pro-
bate, ft- Room 7. SOt California st.
Ltas; Ist and 2d mortg.;
uny proposition. I >ry.ien. 413 stontgWlMlJ.
CTTT and country: nny sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MI'RPHY. 62S Mkt St.
On pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
ratss; no com.: private. Ilfi McAllister st.
$100,000 ON life insurance rmliciep; low Inter-
ost Jos B. TOPLTTZ, HO Pine rt.
10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and Jewelry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— A mortgage loan of $K3OO on first- :
class brick corner property In Oiympla.
Washington. Apply to R. O. OAKLEY, 11
Montgomery st.
~~ FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS. 330 Montgomery St.— Loans on life j
Insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest !
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 10S Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GEM In a diamond collar-button for $45; worth
$100. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant are
A.l PEDIGREE Irish Betters: hard-time prices!
Glenmore Kennels, 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
FRESH Durham cow; third calf; gentle; 20
quarts daily. 1312 Folsoru st.
FOR SALE— One 2000-egg Incubator: perfect
hatcher. Address FRANK SADDLEMIRE,
Tracy, Cal. • .
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HT'F-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
FINE saloon; front embossed stained glass;
nickel plate; cheap. 1166 Mission st.
STREET roller, 2:6x2 feet, as good as new.
cost $60: will sell for $30. 11l Van Ness aye.,
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels:
bargains. NICHOLS & CO.. 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. 10; Records. $.". per doz.:
Projectoscape. $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
BOILERS, engines, id hand machinery. M -
IN'TOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hana
building material. 1122-36 Mission st. .
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 1"2 Clay st.
BARS, back bare, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. ! NOOXAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063, Mission, near Seventh.
WHISKY. Mcßrayer, April, l??:, from Ken-
tucky bonded warehouse direct; tec. per gal-
lon. F. EPHRAIM. 628 Market St.. S. F.
FOR SALE— second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main s». .
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, . boilers, pulleys, shafting. . laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission st.
~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
LAW of divorce, mining, damage, probate; con-
scientious, capable attorneys; advice free.
305 Larkln St., opp. City. Hall, rooms 91-3.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
. no fee without success; collections. -a. W.
HOWE, atty at law, S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free— Private law matters: moderate
fees. ATTORNEY, McCABE. 103 Larkln st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 827 Market st.
COINTRY HEAL ESTATES.
F<>R SALE— Up to date ranch, 40 acres: level,
fertile; fine overflowing artesian wells: dry
season not feared; houses, barns, etc.: IS in
all; fine shade trees for poultry; lovely little
variety orchard; near station; fronts on
railroad; near sugar beet mill. 4 miles from
Irvlngton: price reduced: 33 miles from San
Frar.clsco. Address box 457. Call Office.
FOR sale — Small orchard near Antloch; trees
4 and 6 years old; hou^e. barn, chicken-
houses, etc.; bargain; owner going East; one-
third cash; balance 1 and 2 years. W. M.
ELB4 'M. 1346 Market st.
HOUSE of 9 rooms; modern; yard ISO by M
feet; greenhouse plants, good water, stable
and chicken yard; also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain. Call at this office.
$1200 BUYS a 4-room corner frame hoiAe In
Santa Maria. Cal.. with 3 connected lots. 75
x 164 feet: flower garden, fruit trees and good
barn: will trade for city lodging-house or
chicken ranch. Inquire R. BENJAMIN, 111
Ellis st., city.
FOR SALE— 2SO acres unimproved land. Tuo-
lumne County; wood and water; also 160 acres
unimproved land, Manlposa County; cheap;
cash: a bargain. Particulars A. BRUHNKE.
1714 Polk st. : __
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for grazing
purposes, or a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 703. Claus Spreckels building.
FOR sale — Glen Annie ranch, one of the best-
known ranches In Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PERCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County. Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town; Improved; easy
terms: also 4 to 1! acre pieces on 8 and 10
yearn' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City:
rv,rv MnnriAV at OS Vark»t nt.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND Itr.VL ESTATE.
IT'S not too late: If you come at once you can
buy a cottage, cabin and lot for $150. $10
cash, $5 monthly: a 175 lot. well worth $150.
$5 cash, $T> monthly: streets all graded, some
macadamized: One school and 3 electric-car
lines near: climate, soil and situation very
best. H. Z. JONES, owner of the Allendale
tract. East Oakland. 4. r .9 Ninth St.. bet.
Broadway and Washington, Oakland; car-
riage free.
MODERN residence. 5 rooms, bath, cemented
basement, etc.: near Grove st. : lot SOxlfiO:
plumbing nickel plated: electric wiring;
street work complete : price $3500: terms to
suit. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED,
Manner. ''Sin Broadway. Oakland.
! ALAMEDA ADyERTjSEMENTsT
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
; CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address in the United States
or Canada one year for tl 50. postage trie.
"births-marriages-deaths.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent bf
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
; Ushed.
BORN.
BRADLEY— Tn Corralltos, January 5. 1898, to
the wife of Joel Bradley, a son.
CLARK— In this city. January P. IR9B. to the
wife of Dr. William D. Clark, a son.
CLARK— In Fields Landing. January 1, 18S8,
to the wife of Peter A. Clark, a son.
CORY— Near Tulare. January 9, IS9S, to the
wife of j. Cory, a daughter.
FOLTZ— In Bayslde, January S, 1898. to the wife
of Toney Foltz, a daughter.
FRANCIS— In Ferndale. January 9, IS9B. to the
wife of D. A. Francis, a son.
HARPST- Near Arcata. January 1, IS9S, to the
wife of Charl-s I. Harpst, a son.
H AN'SEN— In San Miguel Canyon, January 5,
1898, to the wife of Ed Hansen, a daughter.
LUDWIG— Ia Watsonville. January 6. 1898, to
the wife of Peter Ludwlg, a daughter.
PARKER— In College Park. Cal., to the wife of
Charles F. Parker, a son.
RIFFE-In Watsonville, January 6, 1898, to
the wife of E. Rlffe. a son.
: on Eel River Island, January S, IS9S.
t'i the wife of J. W. Sage, a daughter.
SCHOMBKRO— In Los Gatos, January' 12, 1898,
to the wife of Henry Sehomberg, a son.
MARRIED.
BRT'ENIXO- YOUNG— In Oakland. October 6,
I hrtrlps lirucninjr and Maggie Young.
BEECHING— BRACKETT— In Alamcda. Janu-
ary 12. 1SS»8, by the Rev. Mr. Bovard. Robert
A. Beechlng and Helen B. Brackett.
EFFEY— STEWART— In Santa Cruz, January
12, IMS, by the Key. John G. Taylor, Robert
Effey and Minnie M. Stewart.
FERGCSON— THOMPSON— In Eureka. Janu-
ary 2. MM, by the Rev. T. H. Stephens, Frank
B. Ferguson and Alice M. Thompson.
HERNANDEZ— SCHOLAR— In Creston. Janu-
ary 1, l-9\ by the Rev. M. Claus, Joseph Her-
nanrioz an-1 Sophia If. Scholar.
IK'KY- MdARTHY— In this city, January 10,
by the Rev. William H. Tubb. Hugh
Dennll Hoey and Mary Gertrude McCarthy,
Ix'th of San Francisco.
HI "NT -CHEATAM— In Kern, January 11. IS9S,
by the Rev. C. B. Lintley, W. 11. Hunt and
Man' Eleanor Cheatam.
LESTER— ROCrERS— In Santa Cruz. January
12. ÜBS, by Justice Gardner, Bonnie E. Lester
und Sarah Delia Roger*.
LINDSTKAND— ANDERSON— In Blue Lake.
Cal.. January 1. IS9B. by the Rev. William
Baesler, John E. Lindstrand and Clara An-
derson.
LONG— THOMPSON— In Eureka, January 2,
lSi»8, by the Rev. T. H. Stephens, Addington
P. Long anil L.uira ES. Thompson.
RANKIN McPHERSON— In Eureka. January
7. UM, by the Key. Griffith Griffiths. Sandy
Rankin and Jane Ann MePherson.
RICHARDS— MURGOTTEN— In San Jose. Jan-
uary 12, U9B, by the Rev. Dr. Wakefleld, Rob-
ert B. Richards and Edith Clementine Mur-
gotten.
PILKWiMiJi WATERS— In Eureka, January
I, IMS, by the Rev. L. Kennedy, Samuel S.
Silkwood and Katherlne Waters.
BCHEUER— HENRY— In this city. January 3,
1898, by th° Key. D. Stebbins. Gerard A. J.
Scheufr and Ruth M. Henry.
DIED.
ALEXA— In the City and County Hospital.
January 14, 1898. Joseph Alexa, a native of
Russia, aged 47 years.
BLODGETT— In Freshwater. January .', 1898,
Moses A. Blodgett, a native of .New Hamp-
shire, aged 59 years.
BOWERMAN— Near Blue Lake, January 5,
IS9S. George Bowerman, a native of Illinois,
aged 71 years.
BELLO— In this city. January 14. 1898, Vin-
cent, dearly beloved husband of Sabina Bello,
and father of Joseph. Vincent. Gussle, Helen.
Annie and George - Bello. a native of Italy,
aged 69 years and 3 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BLOOMINGDALE— In this city. January 14,
IS3S, Sarah, relict of the late K. Bloomingdale,
beloved mother of Mrs. O. H. Sellg, Victoria,
B. C. Mrs. G. A. Kline and Freada. Bertha
and Josle Bloomlngdftle. and sister of Mrs.
B. Lehman, a native of Germany, aged 63
years and 14 days.
lETTrlendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1515 Gough street. Interment Home of
Peac! Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 3:30 o'clock.
BOYLAN— In ths city, January 14, 1898, Mar-
garet, relict of Bernard Boylan. and beloved
mother of Bernard, James, Maggie, Mary.
Julia and the tat* Matthew Boylan, a na-
tive of County Clare. Ireland, aged 60 years.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
COHN— In this city, January 13. 1893. Ellas,
beloved husband of Susie Colin, and father of
Mrs. Henry Jackson and Max. Leo. Cella,
Herman and Nathan Conn, a native of Exln.
Prussia, aired 63 years.
(ETFrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 419
Van Ness avenue. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
A. O. U. W.— To the officers and members of
Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W.: You are
kindly Invlte3 to attend the funeral of our
!at« brother, E. Cohn, I. W. By order
JOHN F. GLOVER. M. W.
THOMAS H. LORD, Recorder.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, January IS. UK,
Patrick, beloved husband of the late Cather-
ine Cunningham, and stepfather of Mrs. G.
Matson and Katie Heilly, a native of County
Monaghan. Ireland, aged 51 years and 9
months.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the T'nlte.i Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Rose'B Church for serv-
ices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
COHN— In this city. January 14, IS9S. Nathan-
iel Cohn. a native of New York, aged 32
years.
CHAPMAN— In San Jose. January 12, IS9S
Klvlna M. "'hapman. a native of New York,
aged 78 years 9 months and 15 days.
DARLING— In Soquel, January 11, 1898. Barber
I'arling, a native of New York, aged 65
years.
EASTLAKE— In Eureka, January 12, U9B. Mrs
Jane Eastlake. a native of New Brunswick
aged 73 years and 11 months.
EGGERT— In this city, January 14, IS9B, Frank
C, beloved son of August and Lena Eggert
and brother of Willie H. and Augusta M
Eggert. a native of San Francisco, aged 3
years 2 months and S3 days.
FRYE— In this city, January 14. 1898, Mabel,
only daughter of Jessie ami Mary Frye. and
sister of Arthur and Jessie Frye. a native
of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 21 days.
FEEHAN— In this city, January 13, IS9B, James
E., beloved son of the late John and Mary
A. Feenan, a native of Pan Francisco.
ttT7"The funeral will take place thi3 day
(Saturday), from St. Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing n.t 9 o'clock. Interment private.
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
GOST— In this city. January 14, IS9S, Bernard,
beloved husband* of Rosalie Gost, and step-
father of Mrs. O. A. Lutzen. Mrs. J. Seiwerd
and F. Roux. late of Colma. a native of
Caen, France, aged 68 years and 4 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of hie son. F. Roux, 1003 Montgomery ave-
nue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
GILLESPIE— In this city. January 14, IS9B.
Thomas F., beloved son of the late James and
Mary Gillespie, and brother of William M.
and the late John J. Gillesple, a native of
San Francisco, aged 33 years 1 month and 2
days.
IC7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock, from the residence of
his brother. William M. C,ille«pie. 1319 Mont-
gomery stret. thence to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at
8:45 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
GEISHAKER— this city. January 13, 189S,
Andrew Geishaker, a native of Germany,
aged 60 years.
(C?" The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), nt 10:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 413 Bryant street. Interment
strictly private. Please omit flowers.
HARRIS— In this city, January 14, 1898, Henry,
eldest son of M. <i. Harris, and brother of
Mrs. Hertzberg and Sam. Louis, Minnie and
Ben Harris, a native of San Francisco, aged
34 years.
JACKSON— In this city, January 13, 1898, Mrs.
S. M. A. Jackson, mother of Mrs. George Met-
calf and Samuel, William. John and George
Jackson, a native of England, aged 76 years
and 3 months.
[C? The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Sunday), at 1 o'clock- at Liver-
more. The remains can be viewVd at the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. George Met-
calf. 418 Geary street, until Saturday even-
Ing.
JACOBS— In this city, January 13 IR9S, Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Sarah Jacobs, and
father of Jake and Joe Jacobs. Mrs. B. Ja-
cobs and Al Jacobs, a native of Strassburg,
Prussia, aged 73 years. (New York papers
please copy.)
E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1613 Post street. Interment New Salem
Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
JONES— In this city. January 14. IS9S, Belle,
beloved wife of William F. Jones, mother of
Annie, Manny Belle. Rosie and Willie Jones,
daughter of Aaron and Rosie Bramwo.ll, and
sister of Mrs. P. H. Maloney and Aaron, Ro-
sie and Robert Bramwell, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 years 3 months and 17
days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 323 Filbert street, between Kearny and
Montgomery, thence to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KIRBY— Santa Cruz, January 12, 1898,
James Klrby, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years 2 months and 6 days.
LANK— In this city, January 13. 1898. Lorlnda
D.. beloved wife of S. J. Lank, a native of
Nova Scotia. (Turo papers please copy.)
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the lamily resi-
dence, 13S Fair Oaks street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
LEARY— Port Costa, January 13, IS9S, Cath-
erine Leary, beloved mother of Dennis
Leary of Port Costa, and Timothy, Daniel
and Julia Leary of San Francisco, a native
of the parish of Inehlgeela, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), upon the arrival of the 9:20 boat.
Oakland ferry, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, Mission street, for services, at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LUCAS— this city, January 14. IS9S, Hattle,
youngest daughter of Mamie and Harry Lu-
cas, aged 1 year and 5 months.
MITCHELL— In City and County Hospital,
January 14, IS9S. George Mitchell, a native
of Michigan, aged 32 years.
MOLLOY— this city. January 14, MS, Mary
Molloy. a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
MURRAY— In this city, January 14, 1898, John
A., dearly beloved son of James and Ellen
T. Murray, and brother of Thomas, James,
Mary. Agnes and Lorlen Murray, a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year ? months and 24
days. . .__ .
PODD— In this city, January I* UN, Frank
William, beloved son of Annie and Frank R.
Potld. a native of Kan Francisco, aged IS
years 9 months and 17 days.
PHILLIPS— In this city. January 14. ISO 1 ?. Mrs.
James Phillips, beloved mother of Thomas
X., James and William R. Phillips and Mrs.
Robert C. Caldwell, a native of Belfast, Ire-
land, aged 83 years.
IC^lnterment private.
'lERSON— In this city, January 14, 18SB, Liz-
zie, beloved wife of George H. Pierson, a
native of Ireland, aged 33 years 9 months and
6 days.
PKTERSON— Tn this city, January 14. 1898,
Ora Mardell. beloved and only child of
Charles and Lf>la Peterson, aged 1 year 7
months and 20 days.
p >NCBT— In this city. January 12, 1899, Jeanne
Marie, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Jean Poncet, and sister of Mrs. Despl&ce*
and Miss Emelie Poncet. a native of San
Fraricisco, aged 20 years and 5 months.
tJ*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, rrom her late resi-
dence. 816 Jackson street, thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlctolres,
Bush street.
SHAFTER— In this city, January 14, IS9S, Har-
riet A., wife of General William R. Shnfter.
V. S. A., a native of Rome, N. 1., aged 57
years and 9 months.
(CFriendP are respectfully Invited to at-
tend thff funeral services to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Fort Mason. Interment
National Cemetery, Presidio.
SHAW— In Salinas, January 12. I«9S. Mrs. M.
J. Shaw, beloved mother of Charles R. and
Edward J. Shaw, a native of Louisiana, aged
48 years.
ICT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
STEELE— In this city, January 13, 189S, James,
beloved husband of the late Margaret Steelc.
and father of James. Walter and Henry
Steele. Mrs. D. McCurdy. Mrs. W. F. Tay-
lor. Mrs. F. A. Smith and Mrs. J. J. O'Con-
nell, a native of Ireland, aged 58 years 4
months and 22 days.
[GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock, from his lat* resi-
dence, 245 Eighth street. Interment Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
THOMPSON— In this city, January 13, 1898.
Gideon, husband of Viola C. Thompson, and
brother of Mrs. Jane Budrow and Doris
Thompson of New York, a native of Moscow,
N. V., aged 66 years and 3 months.
CTFricnds are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at St. John's Episcopal
Church. Fifteenth and Julian avenues. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
TODD— In Oakland. January 13. IS9S. Marguer-
ite 8., beloved daughter of Robert B. and
Gertrude M. Todd. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged a years 6 months and 14 days.
VER MEHR— In Klngman, Ariz., January 12,
IS9B, Antoinette R., wife of Alfred de R.
Ver Mehr, and daughter of the late Hon.
Charles V. and Ellen M. Stuart.
C7Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at residence of Judge J. M. Seawell.
WALD — In Mountain View, January 13. 1898,
Frederick, beloved husband of Philabena E.
Wald, a native of Germany, aged 65 years
1 month and 2 days.
Zy Friends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-moftow
(Sunday), from his late residence in Moun-
tain View.
WILLIS— In Alameda, January 12, 1898. Cath-
erine Willis, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years.
YATES— In this city, January U. 1888, Kate
Yates>, beloved daughter of Mrs. Hannah
Keesing. and mother of Jessel, Algernon,
Aubrey and Edemion Yates, a native of San
Francisco, aged 49 years.
IC?"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sundayi, at 10
o'clock, from the residence of Mrs. Rose
Levy. 2931 Clay street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by ll^W o'clock train from
Third and Towncend streets
McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER9
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone. South SO.
Estab. 1858. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Emhalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the use
of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
SELLS BURIAL LOTS AND GRAVES.
PERPETUAL CARE.
LAUREL HILL
CEMETERY ASSOCIATION,
Junction of Busb Street and Central
Avenue, Sao Francisco.
1314
CAPABLE
DEMOCRAT
DEMANDED
To Fill the Important
Office of Railroad
Commissioner.
Governor Budd Is Daily
Receiving Many Appli
cations for the Place.
Appointment Will Not Be Made
Before the Expiration of
Ten Days-
GOLDEN JUBILEE HOLID^pf.
Cleveland Letters Invoking Executive
Clemency for Worden Receive
Special Attention.
Governor Budd will not take up the
various applications f"r the position of
Raiiroad Commisioner until next Wed
nesday, and the appointment will not
be announced until at least ten days
thereafter. Speaking on this topic he
said:
"I shall take time to consider all the
recommendations and if I desire to see
any parties in regard to the subject will
send for them. I can only say now that
the man selected will be capable, a
Democrat and resident of this district,
which includes the counties of San
Francisco, San Mateo and Marin. I re
gret thru Mr. Pond declined the place,
as I regard him as possessing special
abilities in the line of duty required of
a commissioner."
The Governor was asked if the South
ern Pacific had indicated any choice
among the applicants. In reply he re
marked: "I have not received as much
as a communication from any one con
: •; with the railroad company.
They have expressed no choice so far
as 1 am inforn.
There are other applicants for the po
sition aside from Judge Lawlor, J. T.
Burke, Alex Vogelsang and J. H. Bar
ry. The Governor could not state yes
terday how many there were, as he had
not had time during the past few days
to look over all the papers on the sub
ject.
The letters written by ex-President
and invoking clemency in behalf
of Worden have received the attention
of the Governor. "Mr. Cleveland
vouches for the men who have given
Information concerning the mental con
dition of Worden Bince the prisoner's
boyhood," observed the Governor. "The
question turns on Warden's mentality.
The date for the execution of the sen
tence is a month hence, so I shall have
time to look into all the facts In the
case and examine all the recommenda
tions presented. The judge who tried
the case has given me his opinion of
Worden's mental attitude during the
tria!. I have recived many letters and
statements from people who have
known Worden since his childhood.
"'I expect to make a thorough inves
tigation of this case to ascertain if good
cause exists for the • .v xecu- •
tive clemency. No; I cannot say that
Mr. Cleveland's position as President of
the United States gave him opportuni
ty to gain other knowledge of the case
than was present) it at the trial or any
information that may have been ex
cluded at the trial. As I understand it,
the guilt of Worden is not disputed, but
that the question raised pertains to the
mental responsibility of the convicted
man. Mr. Cleveland has taken time to
investigate for himself as to the char
acter, judgment and standing of the
men who write to me that they have
known Worden since his infancy. The
letter from Mr. Cleveland attests their
standing, and invites my confidence in
their judgment."
To-day Governor Budd will proclaim
Monday, January 24, a legal holiday.
"The proclamation," said the Grrvernor,
"was prepared some days ago. and I
expected that it would be issued last
Wednesday, but I left it at my office in
Stockton. It will be published to-mor
row. Yes; there is ample time for the
notice to reach the most distant and re
mote parts of the State. In fact, the
announcement was made on my au
thority some wef-ks ago that the open
ing day of the Golden Jubilee celebra
tion would be a legal holiday, so th^ in
convenience, if any. will be* slight."
The Governor has been very busy this
week. Wednesday afternoon he was at
the Attorney General's office attending
a prolonged session of the State Board
of Examiners. A large volume of ac
cumulated business was disposed of.
The extra work in this department of
duty following so closely on other offi
cial demands caused a return of rheu
matic troubles, and he was obllp^d to
seek absolute seclusion from visitors
for two days. He expects to attend the
session of the Regents of the Univer
sity to-day.
BUSINESS FOR BADEN.
W. P. Fuller & Co. to Erect Large
Buildings at That Point.
Negotiations have- been completed by
which W- P. Paller & Co. have arranged
to transfer the manufacturing part of
thrir business to Baden. Having secured
a ten-acre trad of land easi of the Btd
ger pottery they will proceed at once in
tho work of building. Contracts have al
ready boon let for the grading, and it is
pxpecteri that the entire plant will be
completed ;in<i in full operation befor*
NEW TO-DAY.
ITCHING
SKIN
Spbedt Cttbr Tbbatmkvt for tortnrlng, disfig-
uring. Itching, burning, and scaly skin and scalp
diseases with loss of hair. — Warm baths with
Tictra Soap, gentle applications of Cutiouba
(ointment), and fall doses of Cuticuba Rehol-
Tji.vt, greatest of blood puriQers and humor cure*
c y|>Mi«"^ It «o!d thrnuc'inut the worM. Fimn
tun *«i> Cam. Comr., Sole Prop*., Uu«i«n.
C /• •• How u> Cure Itching S':iii Mmm," free.
RED ROUGH HANDS "^-rJK^
ARCH FOR GOLDEN GATE PARK.
This magnificent monument is a gift
of Mrs. Breon to Golden Gate Park, In
memory of the late Paul Breon and
their son, Charles. The site of the arch
will be at the Seventh avenue and D
street entrance, on the north side of
the park, near the terminus of the
Geary, Sacramento and McAllister
street railroads. It is to be built en
tirely of gray granite from California
quarries. It will be 100 feet wide and
sixty feet high at the highest point. It
consists of three arches, the center one
being thirty feet high and thirty feet
wide and the two smaller ones each
the elope of the present year. "When the
new factory Is running at full bli
will, It is said, employ at least II 1"'1 "' men.
The citize: . :; naturally feel very
jubilant over the acquisition of this man
ufacturing industry, and They will x\v>
to their joy j n a big Jollification to
night.
HEARD THE INVENTORS.
Car Fenders Were Considered by
the Supervisore— No Ac-
tion Yet.
Th« Committee on Brakes and Fenders
of the Board of Supervisors held an ex
tended session yesterday, listening to the
arguments of a number of inventors who
desired to have their devices adopted on
the street railroads of thH city.
Models that would tax the brain of the
most expert mechanic to understand -were
spread before the committee for inspec
tion, and the Supervisors ended by taking
the various claims under consideration
and adjourning to the call of the chair.
There are yet a number of inventors to
be heard from, and another meeting: for
that purpose will probably be held on
Friday next.
Denied a Change of Venue.
A motion for a chancre of venue made
by the Los Angeles TiflMS-lflrror in an
action hrought apainst it l>y George D.
Graybill for libel was deni.-d by Judge
Dalngerfield yesterday morning. The ap
THE FATHER WROTE "KATHLEEN MAVOURNEEN."
complny V?* daughter of the late famous Professor F. Nichols Crouch. F. R. S., Is a member of the Nellie McHenry
the .ax ass&^aisrSto g^^^^^!^: ballad - " X *™<*° Mavourneen." and
her d^r^eV^rincrfabove £? feSaS lyjiJSS- 1 world ** La Petlte Rosa - She pirouettes ' can "***
Is thp^KhtPr'of^fn"'?!! 1 " 1^ 0 A*"""* " r twent J- Boven ". an * the nineteenth daughter of the famous musician. She
the daughter of the fourth wife of the composer an.l Is placed in the peculiar position of having a brother 67 years
with a * younger than her maternal grandfather. She Is unusually clever for one so younir and dances
Ind eSectß o^e of P fhP-P d y et £ hln « a "l nd ° n \ "£!« H " Sa hOpeS to brlnß the famous Crouch name to the front again
w««.,f £USv ? Ie » y8 tO be a bright and shining light in her chosen profession. ' :
Rosas mother is living in Baltimore, and she has a younger sister, Anna, who is on the New York stage.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATT'EDAY, JAXFAEY 15, 1898.
twenty-two feet high and twenty-two
feet wide. The arch will be fifteen feet
deep. It Is to be built in the Doric
style of architecture, which conveys
the idea of beauty, simplicity and
strength of character.
Over the main arch is placed, upon a
pedestal, a figure of the guardian an-
E heaven Itself, spreading her di
vine influence over the entire struc
ture, in the right hand holding a torch
and in the left a crown, which are thus
explained: As the torch signifies light
and wisdom' and the crown is a recom
pense due to superior power and vir
tue, so should humanity endeavor, by
the aid of the torch, to live their en
plicant failed to establish its contention
• find justice in its home
county, and in const quence a change was
You Love Sjitire ?
Then read the "Town Crier" In to-daj-'s
S I". News Letter.
(\ Carpenter Injured.
Richard Uglow. a carpenter, fell from
the rafters "f a hous.- ai Washington and
Flllnv terday afternoon, and
sustained a possible fracture of the skull,
a dislocation of the right shoulder blade,
n lacerated wound of the skull ami pos-
Internal Injuries. Two •■? his ribs
wen also broken. The Injured m;.
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
his Injuries were dressed by I>r. Well.
fin Appeal for Worden
At the meeting of San Francisco Labor
Council last night it was decided to pend
an api>".-<] to Governor Budd rr-ri'iesting
him to commut' ter D.
Worden t'> lit.- Imprlsonmi
Attorney George \v. Monteith, who has
been conducting Worden'a d<
present and cuv ■ short history of the
- of thi- I'asc. and urged ihn council
not to make an appeal t" the <*>••
as he ( laimed to have other resources.
It was decided, however, to formula!
appeal and obtain its Indorsement by all
affiliated unions.
Low'b Horehound <"<,uph Syrup for
hoarseness; price Inc. 417 Sansome st. •
THE DAUGHTER DOES THE SKIRT DANCE.
tire lives according to» irght and wis
dom, and thereby receive the crown
of virtue and power in recompense
thereof.
Beneath this figure, and immediately
above the main arch, is placed an eagle,
and on the four sides of the inner pil
asters are placed in relief the emblems
of horticulture, agriculture, commerce
and industry. On the face of the outer
pilaster is represented music, art, sci
ence and literature. All "f these em
blems come under the immediate pro
tection of the eagle, which represents
America. On the face of the center
arch are placed life-sized figures in
cry, in one hand holding the olive
ALL HOPE
THE CASE
HAS ENDED
People of 'heEmman
uel Church Tired
of Durrant.
The Pastor's Attitude Dur
ing the Trial and His
Words Explained.
Called to Midnight Marriages
and Threatened With
Assault.
HIS LIFE IN DANGER.
Trustee Tuber Says There Is No
Money With. Which to Level
the Tower.
With the burning of the murderer's
body ends the Durrant case, and none
I Is more glad of the fact than the peo
ple of the church over which there has
; been so much notoriety. Their only
| hope now is to forget the whole affair
| and to remove with as little stir as pos
, Bible everything that may bring the
: case aerain to mind.
Talk of leveling the tower Is growing
again ami had th.^ trustees the IMIPIPI
sary money It is not probable that it
would long remain to t.ll of its horrors;
but money is not s>> plentiful as to al
low of this being done at once, and so
for a while yet the belfry with Us
broken doors and Its narrow stairway,
the dull stains on the floor and the
memories that will cling around it. will
stand as a relic of all that has passed
behind its dusty, latticed windows.
The pastor, too, can now return to
and in the other the trumpet, which
signifies a welcome in peace and joy to
all the visitors of Golden Gate Park.
The side arches also have pedestals,
upon which are placed California griz
zlies, which represent the State of Cal
ifornia, and immediately underneath
the grizzlies is placed a shield with the
coat of arms of California and San
Francisco. I'nderneath them is placed
wreaths and festoons made out of Cali
fornia popples, maidenhair and ferns,
which represent the different flow.
the park. On the keystone of each of
the smaller arches is a Knights Tem
plar emblem, as the late Mr. Paul
Breon Sr. was a prominent Knight
his work with ?nm» assurance that he
will not be molested. For months past
he has been practically under a guard,
for h»- believed that there was a plan to
make away with him; that some day
he would be found •i • - ri . l . a letter tell
ing of his suicide In his pocket and an
other confessing his guili of th«- belfry
murders. That his fears were not
without foundation was not wanting
confirmation. H-- was constantly be
illed for by people who would give
no name, t<> travel to all parts of the
city and at all hours of the night and
day. He was at one tlm»- called on to
perform a wedding in the churcb by a
mr, n who wished to be married with
out witnesses and late at nic;ht. The
man would Kiv-> no name nor would he
tell th>- name of the bride to be. He
told the pastor hp wan; mar
ried quietly and he wanted none but
the minister and his bride and himself
present: he was t<>M he must have
witnesses, and that there would he a
meetinc of th" young people in the par
lors of the rhurrh thnt nipht and one
of tht-m could come up to the big audi
torium and be a witness. This se I
t" m- t-t th.' disfavor of the insistent
swain and he said he would think of it.
The result of his thoughts was never
known by the pastor, for the man and
his bride were seen no more.
The attitude of the pastor during the
notoriety of the case was not a clear
nor a comfortable one. He has been
referred to as the enemy of the Pur
rants throughout the whole trial and
all that has followed it, hut he claims
that the first assault was made upon
him by the prisoner and his friends
and that after such a show of antag
onism he could not offer to assist th^m,
knowing: that h» himself waa consider
ed by them as their greatest enemy.
The first Idea he received of the un
der current against him was when he
was sh'»un ■ telegram from Lob An
geles telling the Chief of Police to "ar
rest the pastor at once; will follow la
ter with facts." Right or wrong, the
pastor attributes this telegram to the
emissaries of the defense, who were
working every means to stay the tide
of public opinion which was turning
so fast against Durrant. There was
no name signed to the telegram, and
there was no Indication as to who sent
it, hut the evident purpose was to
bring the pastor within the grasp of
the police and divert attention from
the real culprit.
Chief Crowley paid no heed to the
telegram and the fact of its existenc ■
was never known to more than the
• i's most intimate friends, but to
that circumstance was due the pas
tors desire to hold aloof from the Dur
rants and their defense and the law
yers defending, it was also such Inci
dents that prompted his remark about
Deuprey making him a friend instead
of an enemy. He has explained it by
saying he meant that had Deuprey
come to him and the officers and prom
inent members of the church and ask
ed them to help, instead of vilifying
them and trying to Include them in
the general suspicion, h>> would have
had a better chance to clear his client
and he would have had people willing
to assist where he had only people who
were anxious to let the whole dis
graceful affair sink out of sight.
Trustee Taber represents the feeling
of the church people when he says:
"I think I voice the S'-ntiments of
most of the people who make Emmanuel
T:;<l't'*t Church their church home
when I say that we COBSider.lt unwise
for us, as well as the public at large,
to agitate or talk any more of th« un
happy experiences which we have pass
ed through the past two and a half
years."
Continuing about the plan of the
church people, he said: "As one of the
trustees, I cannot say now what we will
do in regard to closing down the t«rw
er. We probably would do so if we had
the money. At present we are bending
all our energies toward reducing the
debt; this we find very hard to do in
these times of general depression in
business. The congregations are large,
but many of the number are strangers
or visitors who contribute very little to
ward the support of the church.
"We all like Mr. Gibson; he is by far
the best preacher the church has had
for many years. We deprecate
uncalled-for remarks made by some
people, especially by Mr. Cress j, a for
mer pastor, who has never Been Mr.
Gibson. Mr. Cressy feels a bitterness
toward our people because they <li,l not
want him and would not retain him.
Surely. Mr. Gibson was not to biame.
"You ask me to explain Mr. Gibson's
remarks about Mr. Deuprey having him
for a friend. Well, from the conversa
tion I had with him about it he felt, as
we all have, that it would have been
much better for the defense if it had
Templar. Immediately at the foot of
the guardian angel of heaven, and
under its protecting influence, is rep
resented in life-size figures a group of
the Breon family. This represents
three children in a playground, and the
parents standing by, looking on. The
son is represented with his bicycle, in
the act of taking a spin through the
park, as was his custom in life.
The central figure on each one of the
n robes, also the shields and the eagle,
will be made of bronze.
The arch will cost $30,000. The money
has been set aside and work on the
arch will be begun in the fall of the
year.
come to him and us and said: 'This
man was one of your members : you
say he bore a po"od name among you:
give us a friendly hand as far a
can.' Had they done this instead of
casting suspicion on him and others, I
believe, as well as Mr. Gibson, that the
moral effect would have been of s
benefit to them. Now. this is th
that I understand that Mr. Gibson in
tended or wished to convey.
"In conclusion, let me say' that I hope
the press will let the matter drop. I
think the public is tired of It."
Two Small Blazes.
Two small fires In the Mission wpro put
out last evening; with but little damage.
An alarm was rune in from box 157 at
8:30 for a Ore at the corner of Folsom
and Fourth, caused by the explosion ..f
a coal oil lamp. The damage was nom
inal. A half hour later there was an
alarm from box 7:; for a blaze in a closet
at lfi Ui.us.-ri street Some clothing
damaged to the amouivt of $50. it is not
known how the tin' start. -.1.
NEW TO-DAY.
BEWAEE OF MORPHINE. -^Q^ 1
Mrs. Pinkham Asks Women to Seek Permanent I ' "^gJKr
Cures and Not Mere Temporary Belief £ "^<w
From Pain. - jIJ^LtK
Special forms of suffering lead many a I J^r /[ // \\ l\ N.
woman to acquire the morphine habit. jppljaj; Z/«4>7r7' Vi^\ '
One of these forms of suffering is a dull,H mgx\ T~^L -i.V^~A.-
persistent pain in the side, accompanied by M \ lk-\i*r/// ia^T** 53 *
heat and throbbing. There is disinclina- Wjjek Tbk^f/yJl^ 1
tion to work, because work only increases jifa! -^^Fs^*^j^ A -x*
This is only one symptom of a chain of ~^^&&j~Jßf / Ys,
troubles ; she has others she cannot bear t= ~~\Js w
to confide to her physician, for fear of_-_^^^^^j jB
an examination, the terror of all sensitive, ~^z^^m x%
modest women. So \ \
The physician, meantime, knows her condition, but I 1 V
cannot combat her shrinking terror. He yields to I I A
her supplication for something to relieve the pain, I "fA
He gives her a few morphine tablets, with very \ vH\
grave caution as to their use. Foolish woman ! She L ill
thinks morphine will help her right along ; she be- \ 1/ \
comes its slave I ' ' X ' 1 / I
A wise and a generous physician had such a case ; C^ ■ % iV V
he told his patient he could do nothing for her, as ' X;
she was too nervous to undergo an examination. In despair, she went to visit
a friend. She said to her, " Don't give yourself up; just go to the nearest
druggist's and buy a bsttle of Mrs. Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
It will build you up. You will begin to feel better with the first bottle." She
did so, and after the fifth bottle her health was re-established. Here is her own t
letter about it :
ilSil§ilii& " I WaS very miserable ; was so weak that I could hardly
§&Ws*W?^W $**" around the hhove,s >c, could not do any work without feel-
Y^*^W>~ / in tired out. My monthly periods had stopped and I was
(||sli|p'$ "\ so tire(l and nervous all of the time. I was troubled very
tJB%SxF& "*^ much with falling of the womb and bearing-down pains.
V tEtV - \ A friend advised me to take Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
S table Compound ; I have taken five bottles, and think it is
/____ ph. c es^ medicine I ever used. Now I can work, and feel
v/^CT^^NO like myself. I used to be troubled greatly with
nJ vSOi\l^lW Dl - v u ' a(^ >u^ I have had no bad headaches or palpi-
' V\^wl§|i tation of the heart, womb trouble or bearing-down
V^ s **s^ JY^4JfiT^ > pains, since I commenced to take Mrs. Pinkham's
V *^^ii medicine. I gladly recommend the Vegetable Com-
'}--■ -v x pound to every suffering woman. The use of one
bottle will prove what it can do."— Mrs. Lucr Peasley, Derby Center, Vt.
In. 10-iJBy S
ißy Editor James H. Barry.
HANNA'S VICTORY
1 1/1.1 ill ik »*J 11 A xirf: i \y i\ Jl
BLASPHEMES GOD! \.
DURRANT AND PARENTS! *
Ghoulish Press Exults for Nickels,
Sutherland's Comments.
3 CENTS A COPY,
ROBBED BY
AN ARMED
DESPERADO
Bold Crime in a Gro
cery Store on Fol
som Street.
John Jess, the Proprietor,
and Two Patrons
Held Up.
They Were Forced to Deliver
Up the Contents of the
Cash Drawer.
SECURED THIRTY CENTS.
The Police Diligently Searching fo
the Desperate Highway
man.
A masked robber, armed with two re
volvers, entered the saloon and grocery
of John Jess at the northeast corner of
First and Folsom streets last Thursday
evening, and commanding the proprietor
and two patrons to stand against the
wall, he emptied the cash register, secur
ing 30 cents. lie then run from the saloon
and disappeared down Folsom street.
Jess was standing behind the bar when
the robber entered. Drawing two revol
vers he covered Jess with one of them
and trained the other on Charles Thomp
son and Tom Harris, who were in the sa
toon a.t the time. He commanded them
not to make an outcry on the penalty of
being riddled with bullets. He then or
dered Jess to open the cash drawer and
give him the contents. Realizing that he
was in the hands of a desperate man,
lid as requested. The robber then
backed oui of the saloon and disappeared.
Immediately after the robbery word
sent to the police headquarters and
tlvea Ryan and ODea were detailed
on the case. They visit- it the saloon, and
hi aring Jess' story, started after
the robber. From the description given
of him they are convinced that he is the
man who some time ago held up a saloon
keeper at Sunnyside ana got away with
$16.
He is described as being about 6 feet 8
- in height, well built, wore a dark
slouch hm. which was pulled down over
his eyes, and a brown suit of clothes. The
<l. scriptioii given of him corresponds with
that of the Sunnyside robber. In telling
the story of the robbery last night Jess
said :
"] was hehind the counter wiping some
glasses when a masked stranger entered.
Thompson and Harris w.:-re standing
against the bar engaged in conversation.
As he opened the dour he produced two
revolvers, and pointing one at me said-
Throw up your hands or I will kill you."
He then covered Thompson and Harris
with •' revolver, and with an oath
declared that he Would send them to the
Morgue it' they made any resistance. H»
then coolly ordered me to give him the
contents of the till.
•T reluctantly complied, as I did not
know whether or not he would resort to
bloodshed to *rain his end. After secur
ing the money, he backed out of t !
toon, tn the meantime stil! coveriniT ua
with his revolvers. On reaching the door
he suddenly closed it and dashed down
Folsom street. I immediately telephoned
to the police, but they wore unable to get
any trace of him. From the cool r:.
in which he did his work T am con
that he is an old hand at the bus
He wore a black sHk handkerchief about
his neck and was dressed as a laborer."