VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 121.
HON. CHARLES L. PATTON NOMINATED
FOR MAYOR BY THE REPUBLICANS
Great Progress Made in the Selection of the
Candidates for the Municipal
Offices.
The Party Leader Declares for a Platform That
Will Pledge Nominees to Needed Re
forms and the New Charter.
For Mayor,
CHARLES L. PATTON.
For City and County Att'y»
WILLIAM F. FITZGERALD.
For Auditor,
ASA R. WELLS.
For Assessor,
JOHN D. SIEBE.
For Treasurer.
I, J. TRUMAN.
For Surveyor,
CHARLES TEL TON
Charles L. Patton is to be the local Re
publican standard-bearer. ■ ; •
With a storm of applause that spoke
volumes for the popularity of the man
whose name waa on every lip the Repub
lican Municipal Convention last night
nominated Char.es L. Patton for Mayor.
The circumstances attending t.he nom
ination were of a most' inspiring nature,
and may be taken as an indication of the
ng that will be accorded the candi
date at the polls next November.
After the nomination had been made
Mr. Patton appeared In person, and thank
ed the delegates • for the honor that had
been conferred upon him an., at the same.
na prf ceUent to
his acceptance of the nomination. He de
jnanded a platform that would pledge th«
and Its candidates to the -.correc
tion of existing abuses in the administra
te "ii of the affairs of local government,
end he plc-dged his own unswerving al
legiance to all principles of right and
Justice. . . .
Candidates for other offices were se
lected by the convention, and without ex
ception the men named are citizens who
have the confidence of the community
and the respect of the whole people. At
torney General William F. Fitzgerald
■was named as . the party candidate for
City and County Attorney. The other
nominations were: Asa R. "Wells for Aud
itor, John D. Siebe for Assessor, Isaac J.
Truman for Treasurer and Charles Til
to-n for City and County Surveyor. The
announcement of the name of each can
didate was greeted with applause and
cheers by the members of the convention
&s well as by the spectators who thronged
the galleries and the rear of the conven
tion hall.
As on Tuesday evening the proceedings
of the convention were marked by the
most perfect order and harmony, and
nothing occurred that did not tit per
fectly with the spirit of the occasion. The
nominating speeches wpre brief and to
the point, and the acknowledgments of
succesful candidates were appropriate
end timely.
Aa soon as the convention had been
ealed to order by Chairman Allen, J. C.
Daly announced that the committee on
permanent organization and order of
business was ready- to report. The re
port was handed to the secretary and
was read as follows: .
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Conven-
tion:
Tour committee on permanent organization
and order of business respectfully report as fol
lows: . •
First we recommend the temporary organiza
tion be made permanent; that Frank H. Powers
be made vice chairman and D. J. Sullivan and
H. F. Matison l>e made assistant secretaries
of this convention; that the sergeant-at-arms
appoint ten assistant serK»-ants-at-arms.
Second— Order of business: Report of the
committee on platform and resolutions.
Third— Nominations: Each delegate placing
In nomination a candidate for office shall- first
pay to the secretary' of the convention JlO.
Nominations shall be made In the following
order: Mayor, Cltjr arid County Attorney and
Counselor, Auditor, Treasurer, Treasurer for
unexplred term, Assessor. City and County Sur
veyor. County Clerk, Sheriff, Superintendent
of Streets. Highway* and Squares, District.At
torney. Tax Collector, Recorder. Public Ad
ministrat'-r. Coroner, members of the .Board of
Supervisors, election of a county committee.
On motion of Judge Daly the report was
8 opted without amendment. The newly
elected officers wro then conducted to
the platform, and Mr. Allen, as.perma
nent chairman, announced that he had- no
epeech to niake..beeauM the time had ar
rived for the transaction of more import
ant business.
John M. Chretien, chairman of the com
mittee on platform and resolutions, an
nounced that his committee desired more
time In which to formulate its report.. On
motion of A. Ruof the committee was
granted until thli evening In which ..to
complete Us labors. Mr. Ruef also moved
thai the buatnesi of making nominations
tlons be proceeded with, all nominations
being subject to the indorsement of the
platform for the purpose of placing
It was so ordered and Chairman Allen
announced that nominations for Mayor
were in order. Meyer Jacobs took the
plattform for the purpose of placing
Charles L.. Patton in nomination. He
epoke as follows:
"Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the
convention: This is a representative body;
It is the representative of .the Republi
can party of San Francisco. It represents
Republican principles. I propose to nom
inate for the suffrage of the people to
head a representative ticket a representa
tive citizen. The gentleman I place In
nomination for the most important office
in the gift of the people of this munlcipal
The San Francisco Call
ity is the Hon. Charles L. Patton. (Cheers
and great enthusiasm.)
"I am willing:, gentlemen, to compare
this cenventlon-r-the Republican' conven
tion of San Francisco — and the Republi
can party of San Francisco to the Demo
cratic convention and ' the Democratic
party of Sin Francisco. In a great speech
at Metropolitan Temple a week ago Sat
urday night General Barries . compared
the Republican principles to those of the
fusion party. What is the Democracy of
this municipality but part and portion of
tne party known as the fusion party of
Sacramento? Can any good belong to a
party having affiliated in the unholy
union now existing between the Demo
cratic and Populist parties of the State?
It. is said that parties should nominate
good men. True, but we must look like
wise to principles. It Is as unsafe to nom
inate good men, pledged to support bad
principles, as it is to nominate, dishonest
men to abuse good principles. The gen
tleman whose name I have offered for
your consideration and whom, you will, I
believe, accept as leader of our party in
this municipality, la a man among men.
He is a man who represents Republican
principles. He is a . man loyal to the
principles of the Republican party. He is
loyal to the grand old party, the savior of
our country. He is loyal to our party,
which has preserved our institutions, the
institutions upon which our' Government
was founded; loyal to the man who has
guided the ship of state though the break
ers of strife and war. He is known
throughout the land for his' many noble
characteristics. He holds the respect of
this convention, of the business commu
nity, and is honored tor his executive abil
ity, his courage, his independence, his in
tegrity.
"Mr. Patton is a man who would not
seek office unless he could do so inde
pendently and know that none of hon
esty's principles would have to be sacri
ficed. Under no circumstances would be
attach himself to any element or faction
WhOM principles were inconsistent with
the principles of his party. He is \ Re
publican, has been a Republican and will
be a Republican. He will not affiliate
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
with party or faction un-Republican or
advocating doctrines inconsistent with its
time-honored principles. I now offer for
your consideration the name of the next
Mayor of Ban Francisco, if it is your will
that he should head our ticket, the Hon.
Charles L. Pat-tan."
At the close of Mr. Jacobs' address
three cheers were proposed for Patton.
Tht-y were given with a roar and for
several minutes the applause and cheer
ing was almost deafening. The nomina
tion of Mr. Patton was seconded by A.
P. Van Duzer. He said: . ■
"I desire to second the nomination of
the gentleman who will be .your next
Mayor. ' I regard it as an honor to sec
ond the nomination of such a man as
Charles L. Patton.
"During the past two years we have
seen the Mayor of this gr*at city of San
Francisco playing with the affairs of his
office like an actor on the stage — with the
sole intent of catching the applause of
the gallery. We have seen him using the
office to further his own personal ambi
tion; we have seen htm standing with
folded hands and closed mouth while he
watched the Botird' of Education, the
members of which are of his own selec
tion, steal sufficient lumber ■ from the
municipality to build a.city of 1000 inhab
itants'. This Mayor of ours has watched
these officials steal almost everything ex
cept the schoolmarms, and it is not a cer
tainty that they did not steal some of
them.
"Charles L. Patton has shown himself
to be a born leader. If- elected to the of
fice he will perform his duty without fear
or favor. If nominated by this convention
you will have a chance to vote for a
clean man, a gentleman and not a- poli
tician. The present Mayor is now -en
gaged In the task of nominating a ticket
SOME OF THE MEN OF THE CONVENTION.
CHARLES L. PATTON, REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE
FOR MAYOR.
of his own. Charles L. Patton will eman
cipate the city from boss rule, and we will,
have for our Mayor one of nature's noble
men." (Applause.)
There being no further nominations the
chairman declared the nominations clos
ed, and on motion the secretary was in
structed to cast the vote of the conven
tion for Mr. Patton. On motion .of Harry
Gray a committee of threv. consisting of
Harry Gray, Meyer Jacobs and A. P.
Van Duzer was appointed to find Mr. Pat
ton, inform him of his nomination an-d
escort him to the convention hall.
When Mr. Patton appeared under escort
of the committee the delegates rose to
their feet and cheered their new-mad©
leader to the echo. He addressed the con
vention, as follows.
"Mr. Chairman and Kentlemen of the
convention: This is a proud moment for
me, as It would be a proud moment for
any citizen of this State to be nominated
for the highest office in the city and coun
ty of Sail Fia.nc.isco. x tliank you from
the bottom of my heart.
"I am sorry that your platform has not
yet been adopted, for untir it has been
formulated I cannot finally acept fhe
nomination which has been given me. The
Republican party of this city must stand
before the people committed to princi
ples that are necessary to good govern
ment. We must pledge our legislative
nominees to ratify the new charter, for
it is necessary that the wishes of the
people as expressed at the charter elec
tion shall receive legislative conflrma
tlon. The new charter. must not be set
aside. We must declare for a dollar
limit of taxation on ,an equitable valua
tion of the property of this city, and we
must declare for municipal 'ownership of
public utilities.. If these, things are in
the platform which you adopt I will'ac-'
cept the nomination which has been given
me here to-night; I will not .only accept
the nomination, but I will fight as hard
as I can to be elected Mayor' of this.'
'groat city. Gentlemen,- I thank you."
Mr. Patton was given three cheers, and
for several minutes the delegates on the
floor' indulged in a general uproar ex
pressive of their d-elight. .
In response to. the sentiments expressed
by Mr. Patton, A. Ruef' moved that the
committee on platform and resolutions Toe
instructed' to insert planks in the plat
form in accordance with the views c*-'
prossed by the candidates for Mayor. It
was so ordered.
Chairman A Hen announced that nomi
nations for City and County Attorney
were in order, and Judge J; C. Daly as
cended the platform for the purpose of
placing before the' convention the name
of Attorney General Fitzgerald.' He said:
. "Mr. Chairman and gentlemen -of the
convention— When I have performed the
pleasant duty of addressing you I pro- 1
pose to nominate fur the office of City
and < ourity Attorney of San Francisco
a gentleman who has never s-hirked duty,
a man who has never turned his back on
friond or foe. When I; heard our next
Mayor, Charles L. Patton,.take an hon
orable, independent stand I saw how fit a
companion he is for the man- I propose
to offer for nomination. It has always
been my. desire to select men whom I
know are fit and capable of performing
the duties they must . assume, keeping
well in view their integrity, their 'courage
and executive ability. These characteris
tics have made the leaders of our party
the admired of the people, of this. Gov
ernment. The man I will present is no
stranger in this community, and his rep
utation will carry hliri to victory and
Continued on Second Page.
Legislative, Judicial and Educational
Convention Proceeds With Its
Allotted Work.
Completes the Nomination of Superior and Police Judges,
Justices of the Peace and Superintendent of
Schools-Senators and Assem
j blymen.
For Judges of Superior Court,
DAVIS LOUDERBACK,
JOHN CARSON,
JAMES M. TROUTT,
HENRY N.CLEMENT.
For Police Judges,
H. L. JOACHIMSEN,
A. 8.. TREAPWELL,
CHARLES A. LOW,
THOMAS GRAHAM.
Tor Justices of the Peace,
THOMAS P. DUNNE,
JOSEPH E. BARPvY,
F. H. KERRIGAN, .
C. C. GROEZINGER,
G. W. F. COOK.
For Supt. of Schools,
R, H. WEBSTER,
For Senators,
20th— F. H. BURNETT.
22d— SIG. M. BETTMAN.
24th— LEON DENNERY.
For Assemblymen,
29th— CHAS. KENEALLY.
31st— THOMAS BROPHY.
34th^E. I. ROBINSON.
35th— W. H. COBB.
36th— H. H. MERRILL.
38th— W. H. RICKARD3.
40th— HENRY W. MILLER.
41st— Hi C. DIBBLE.
42d— L. A. HENRY.
43d— FRED LUNDQUIST.
45th— EUGENE SULLIVAN.
The legislative, judicial, and educa
tional convention of the Republican? was
continued last .rtfpht ln the banquet hall,
XatSve Sons' building. The delegates lost
little time in getting to work.' Before
the close of the session they had nomi
nated the four Judges of the Superior
Court, fo<;r Judges of the -Police Court,
five Justices of the Peace and Superin
tendent of Schools. These, with the nomi
nation of-Senators, for three districts and
Assemblymen for the majority of the
districts, comprised the most Important
work of thie night. • "■ .- •
. In addition a' list of names was sub
mitted for the offices of School Directors.
It- was decided that these- names would
be- passed upon by. a committee- of five
and then voted upon to-night by the dele-
gates to the convention.
The convention '•will be called to order
at 7 o'clock, and it is expected that the
remaining .nominations will take but a.
short tlpae.
Owing- to the time consumed by the
delegates 'of the various districts in
electing? their ' chairman, the conven
tion ■ was not called' to order
until 8:45 by Chairman E. I. Wolfe.
H. S. Mlllzner, chairman of the committee
.on permanent organization .and order of
business, read the report of that com
mittee recommending that: the temporary
officers be' made permanent; that J. W.
Burdette be elected vice-chairman, and
that three assistant secretaries be ap
pointed. The report was adopted with the
exception that it was agreed that the
customary fee of $10 was not to be ex
acted from candidates f.or the office of
School Directors. The delegates were not
of one mind on this proposition, some-fa
voring the charge on the ground that it
was exacted only as an evidence of good
faith. The. amendment finally prevailed,
and the report of the committee was
adopted.
Chairman" Faulkner of the committed on
platform reported that his associates were
not ready to render their report ' and
asked for " further time. He announced
that the committee would' meet at the
headquarters of .the County Committee
this afternoon, at 4 o'clock for the further
consideration of the platform.. Tho re
au£st for additional time was granted.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Nominations for Superior Judges wer«
then declared in order. It was decided to
limit speeches to five minutes. Mr. Wolfe
called Mr; Burdette to the chair and pro
ceeded to place J. M. Troutt in nomina
tion. He said:
"Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the
convention: We have now arrived at the
most Important part of the work that will
devolve upon this convention. The people
of the city will scrutinize the men whom
you put forth as your candidates for the
Judges of the Superior Court. I desire to
name a man whom we all love and re
spect. He is James M. Troutt. He has
had a long and an honorable political life
and his elections heretofore on different
occasions have been decisive ones. On
the bench he has proved to be an honor
able man and his decisions have been just
ones, that have been rarely reversed. He
is an affable and genial gentleman, and is
assured of election if nominated."
Delegate Gunzendorfer seconded the
nomination. He was followed by George
Smith and S. Rosenheim, who spoke in
the same strain. Judge Troutt was nom
inated by acclamation, and then to make
it legal the secretary was instructed to
cast- the ballot.
Delegate Caldwell of the Thirty-ninth
District nominated Davis JLouderback. He
said:
"I do not desire to take up your time
by a Lengthy speech as the man 1 name
needs no encomium at my hands. He is
fitted by nature for the honorable position
of Judge.. He is manly and courageous
and has proved himself the possessor of
these qualities in times that have tried
men's souls. He ' has had wide
experience and brings to the posi
tion the reputation of his past work on
the bench. The people owe him a debt of
gratitude for his work on their behalf.
He is. honest and decent and is a man
who dares to do right at all times. I say
to you nominate Davis Louderback and
so sure as the sunbeams kiss the sky
to-morrow all over our beautiful land
just so sure will he be elected in Novem
ber."
The nomination was seconded by George
MeCorab.
I. Tausky of the Fortieth District nom
inated John D. Carson. He spoke as fol
lows:
"I wish to place before you for your
consideration the name of a gentleman
who has never held office, but who Is
well known here. He was born in Ire
land, coming here when young and resid
ing here nearly all his life. He was edu
cated here, finishing his legal studies at
Harvard Law College. He has a host
of friends in both the Democratid and
the Republican parties and will poll a
large vote."
Thomas Fitzgerald seconded the nomin
ation.
Edgar D. Peixotto nominated Henry
N. Clement. He said: "I nominate for
Judge of the Superior Court for the long
and the short term H. N. Clement. In
doing so It is not necessary for me to say
much in his behalf. He is a scholarly
man of marked legal attainments. Ho
helped frame the new charter for this
city, and his work is apparent through
out that instrument. In the election for
Freeholder he led almost all the other
candidates. If he is elected he will add
luster and pride to the party. He has
all the requirements needed of a man
holding a judicial position. I say that
to sit in judgment on your fellow-man
is as near the solemnity of the after
world as anything can be."
• The nomination of Mr. Clement was sec
onded by A. J. Morgenstern. He dwelt
upon Mr. Clement's work for the new
charter.
The . secretary was upon motion in
structed to cast the vote of the conven
tion for Mr. Louderback, Mr. Carson and
Mr. Clement. Judge Troutt was previ
ously nominated by acclamation. Mr.
Clement '■ was also nominated for the un
expired term.
Chairman Wolfe then announced that
nominations for the four Judges of the
Police Court were In order. Delegate
Tausky was recognized and nominated H.
L; Joachimsen, He said:
"Mr. Chairman and gentlemen: I wish
to place before you a candidate for a
judicial office. In a great city like this
the office of Police Judge is one of great
importance. He is called upon to pass
upon the preliminary hearings of many
important cases. The Judge is given
groat power and the men holding such
positions must not only be firm and all
that goes with.it, but must be capable
men. I wish to nominate H. L. Joachim
sen; .the Nestor of the judiciary of the
lower courts. He has occupied the posi
tion for ten years, with Increasing popu
larity. The people have confidence In
him and will return him to the office h«
hate filled with so in-uch credit."
W. Guilfoyle nominated A. B. Tread
well. At the end of his speech the lobby
gave him an ovation, giving three cheers
for the nominee and calling repeatedly for
him. Mr. Guilfoyle said:
"In selecting candidates for the office of
.Police Judge one must bear in mind three
facts: .-First, is the candidate capable of
filling the office; second, is he capable of
acting as a barrier between the criminal
element and the public at large, and
third, is he honest and upright? The
gentleman I name has all these qualifi
cations. He has 'been, admitted to prac
tice in all the courts, and he will be up
held ln'aH his decisions. The reception
you have gi-ven his name indicates that
no eulogy of mine is required."
Edgar PiMxotto nominated Charles A.
Low, saying:
• 'T do not need to say much in intro
ducing Mr. Low. He is not only O. X..
but he is O. R. I can point with pride
to the rec,ord he has njade during the
time he has been oh the bench."
The nomination was seconded by J» W.
' Delegate Caldwell placed before tho2
convention the name of Thomas F. Gra
ham. It was received with tumuVtui>us ap
plause, hats being thrown in the dlr and
other evidence of approval being accorded
It. Mr. Caldwell said:
"I desire to place in nomination for the
office of police Judge ' a manly
man, a young man, one who was
born, raised and educated in this
city. He is a .self-made man. . As a
youth he was an apprentice at the union'
Iron Work?. .When his. day's work was
done at the forge. and anvil ho went to his
home and carefully studied his law
books: After a lime he left the anvil and
took with him the best wishes of all his
fellow workmen. He" graduated from law
college. Shortly after 'being admitted to
practice he acted as assistant prosecuting
attorney of Police Court No.. 3. Even a
Democratic Board of Supervisors recog
nized his worth and advanced him to the
prosecuting attorneyship.' He won the
esteem of all with whom he came
in contact. He will temper mercy with
justice in all his official acts." '
At the conclusion of the nominating
-c-ch delegates arose all over the hall
to second it. The nominations were
closed and the secretary instructed to
cast the ballot. When the result. was an- ;
nounced Delegate Nathan asked that it
be made of record- that he did not vote
for Judge Joachimsen.
The next order of business was the nom
ination of five justices of the Peace. An
attempt was made to adjourn, but It was
voted down. Delegate. . Morgenstern
opened the battle by nominating lhomas
Gnston Straus nominated Joseph E.
Delegate Burdette placed Frank H.
Kerrigan in nomination, eulogizing him
for the dignity and ability he has shown
in the office during the past four years
A M. Currie nominated G. W . F. Cook. ;
J. W. Bird nominated Oliver Olsen in •
an entirely unconventional . speech- that
amused the- delegates and drew applause
from them. He said his candidate rep
resented the : Swedes, Norwegians and
Danes. ■ ..'
The name of G. C. Groezlnger was pre
sented by Samuel Rosenheim and sec
onded by Robert Dennis. The vote was
taken on rollcall of districts. Mr. Olsen
received the. smallest number of - votes,
and thus retired, .leaving the field to his
opponents. ■ again, took the plat-
Edgar Peixotto again, took the Plat
form,, this time to .nominate R. H. Web
ster for Superintendent of Schools. The
nomination was made unanimous. For
School Directors- it was determined that
nominations be made and then _- passed
upon by a committee .of five. They will
be voted upon to-night. This conclusion
was only arrived at after an acrimonious
debate. •. ■ : " •'«: - ... , ' .
The names, submitted for these, offices last
night follow :• ■
Charles J. King. Jason B. Cole, George T.
Shaw; W. A. Kemp. S. C. Bernstein, \\ . H.
Hazel, N. A. Ephraim. A. B\ Trueman, Dr.
H S Curtis,' C. H. Blum. C. E. Frederick,
T. A. Perkins, .George X Graham, Dr. E. N.
Torello. Dr. Philip Colllnshorn. - Frank E.
Sharon,. John lialstead, ' James M. Bonney; J.
M. Thomas,. Will H. Bush Dr. F. W. Harris,
Pr W. E. Clunlss, F. H. Bushnell. Walter A.
Coffee, P. B. Gallagher. A. C. Bauer. Dr. E.
H Gedge. C. Hubner, William- Armstrong, C.
F." Kinsman, 3. B. Curtis, Daniel Sewell, C. B.
Hale, E. P. Dorman, ■ James Pftikney, George
A Newell, W. M. Conlin, Charles A. Balde
man W •F. Stevens. Dr. A. F. yon Wefels
berg, S. 11. Nicholson, George D. O'Neil, H.
A. Pteffen. . •• ■ '
The chairmen of the .various district delega
tions were announced as .follows: - ■
Twenty-eighth. J. E. Durnin: Twenty-ninth,
C. E. Corey; Thirtieth, I.'. W. McNeil; Thirty
first ' T .f. I^nehen; Thirty-second. ' James
Storm: Thirty-third, i. S. Partridge; Thirty
fourth, Charles Mayer: • Thirty-fifth,- F. A.
Pedlar: Thirty-slsth. William' Wright; Thlrty-
Beventh, George A. Wentworth; Thirty-eighth. ■
J. E. Zellerbach: Thirty-ninth. W. T. Kibbler;
Fortieth; Ed Tausky: Forty-first, Irving Gra
ham; Forty-second, J. D: Brown; Forty-third,
Gaston Straus; Forty-fourth, E. ■ C. Pelmeri,'
Forty-fifth, Thomas Sheehan: '
Gage League Indorses Kahn.
Last evening the Gage Cauets.of the T'jirty
nlrith Assembly District • effected their organi
zation- and celebrated- the event by. indorsing
Julius Kahn as Congressman for. the Fourth
District, A. B. Treadwell for Police Judge and
Daniel F. CrWley for Reorder. ■ The officers
elected were George W. Da.vis, president; M. T.
Van Horn, secretary: .A.- -F. Loren^, recording
secretary, and J! ■ .O. Meyerlnk; . sergeant-at
arms. . ■
. The Scandinavian. Republican Club met at
their' hall at 1133 Mission. Ftrert.. end after a
.warm meeting indorsed George* P. Wetmore for
the office 'of Superintendent of Streets. 'Ad
journment of both meetings was taken to some
date yet to be set. ' . • »»-T»B
Not Pledged to De Young.
The assertion made recently by the Ex
aminer- that the legislative candidates on
the Republican ticket In Alameda County
are pledged to vote, in the event of their
election, for M. H. de Young for United
States Senator, is a falsehood made out
of whoie cloth. . The legislative nominees
are not pledged for De Young or for any
other man. and Injustice to them It is
only fair to make the iact known to the
public. •
WITH ACTORS
AND SINGERS
A voting Finger by the startling name of
Miss Poodie Ross will give a concert in
the Baldwin Theater next Thursday af
ternoon, aided by Hugo Mansfeldt, the
pianist, and an orchestra of thirty-five,
under the direction of L. yon der Mehden
Jr. Tin' promoters of the concert claim
for Miss Poodie Ross' voice that it is
better than Melba'.«; so. there ought to be
a highly expectant audience on hand
Thursday. ■
The Baldwin is doing prosperously with
the Frawlf-y company at Frawley prices
in "An Enemy to the, King." The per
formance is smoother now than at the
opening, and Blanc-he' Bates gives a beau
tiful presentation of Mr. Stephen's hero
ine.
Miss Nance O'Nell •will play Nancy
Sykes In Mr. itankin's- adaptation of
"Oliver Twist" at the Columbia to-night
and during the balance of th.c week. Her
melodramatic, talents should find excep-.
tionally good opportunities In the role
of Nancy. Mr. Rankin will be. the Bill
Sykes, a strong and favorite part of his.
At the Tivoli "Romeo and Juliet," with
Mips Anna Lichter' as the unfortunate
heroine, is the bill for to-night, Sunday
night and the special Saturday matinee."
"The Queen of Sheba" will be nr.ng for
the last time to-morrow night. "Trova
tor'e" Is Saturday night's opera.
"In Mizzoura'" is proving a strong, at
traction at the Alcazar. It Is tho best
American play of local manners that ever
has been written. It will be -continued an
other week.
"What Happened to Jones" finishes its
engagement at the. New Comedy with this
week. Miss Lillian Young will be seen
to-night in the curtain-raiser. "One Touch
of Nature." To-morrow night Miss Olive
Snider Will have th« part. At the Satur
day matinee Mr. Clark will personally
conduct souvenir fans to the ladles pres
ent. A melodrama, "The Signal of Lib
erty." is the bill for next week.
It was only a question of time for
"Trilby" to get to Morosco's, where now
It Is enjoying the usual large Morosco pat
ronage. . • ■
Gus Thomas Is being well represented
this week on G'FarreW street. Besides
"In Mlzzoura" at the Aicazar there is
a condensed farce of his, called "The
Man Upstairs," over at thp Orpheum. Mr.
and Mrs. Dunstan and their little com
pany get a lot of fun out of the piece.
This Is the last week of the Drewß at
the Alhambra. The Flying Austins and
Almee, the c-eiling-walker, are still at
tractions of the bill.
Out at the Chutes are the usual com
plement of animals, and Pletro Marino,
the violinist, and the Japanese acrobats.
BALL AND JffTJSICAL.
To-morrow afternoon Mrs. Daniel Sulli
van will give a musieale at her resi
dence, 632 Page street, in aid of the Sacred
Heart Church fair. The price of admis
sion will be $1. In the evening an'enter
mont and dance will also be given by Mrs
Sullivan at her residence for .'the same
good cause.
At an early part in the evening a light
supper will be served by the hostess at
no extra charge than the $1 admission
to the entertainment.
A New Naval Station.
There Is some likelihood that Mission Rock,
which has been in dl«UFe' dining the past few
years; will be converted into a navnl Htatlon
by the Government. The projected 'station is
made necessary by reason Of the tact that ow
ing to an insufficient depth It In impossible to
take battleships to Mare Island to be fitted
out. In the event that Miseion Rock is ac
cepted, the old werehouses there will be torn
down and new whops preeted. It is an Ideal
spot fpr the anchorasre of. ships. The rock
m.-nsures 2WO feet by USO feet and is 1260 feet
from the wharves on the main shore.
BART BURKE OPPOSED
THE DEMOCRATIC SLATE
He Arraigned the Managers of the Municipal
Convention Last Night and Was
Wildly Cheered.
• . . . ■
The Programme for Coroner Failed, but the Candidates for
Police Judges and Justices of the Peace Went
Through Without a Hitch.
Ex-Senator Bart Burke of Santa Cruz
raised his voice in angry protest last
night against the manner in which the
"slate" was being run through in the
Democratic .municipal convention. The
gallery and audience were with him and
cheered until their throats gave out.
Burkes arraignment of the managers
of the convention upset part of their pro
gramme. Dr. E. E. Hill, an assistant
surgeon at the water front branch of the
Receiving Hospital, who was not on the
"slate," carried off the nomination for
Coroner much to the disgust of the self
appointed bosses-. They had promised to
give the nomination to Dr. George M.
Terrill, but after Burkes speech they
were unable to carry out their contract.
The convention was called to order In
Odd Fellows' Hall at 8:1.". o'clock by
Chairman McGee, who announced that
the first order of business would ba the
report of the committee appointed to
canvass the names of aspirants for nomi
nation for the School Board.
■ Ex-Judge Cope, chairman of the com
mittee, reported that while many names
had been canvassed, no selections or rec
ommendations had been agreed upon. He
promised, however, to have the report
ready, to-night when the convention meets
in B'nai B'rith Hall.
George McGillivray reported for the
committee on Supervisors that they
would not be able to report before to
night, and further time was granted.
.timothy Lyons then placed Michael
Me.ipher, whom he described as an argo
naut of 1832, In nomination for Recorder.
"Mprigher is an oN.-time Democrat," said
Lyons, "and as he is out of business now
he will "have leisure and time to devote
to the office."
Edmund Godchaux. secretary of the
Board of Health, was named for the Re
cordership by Sidney M. Van Wyck Jr.
Van "Wyck asked the delegates to do
their duty by nominating Godchaux, not
withstanding any combinations that
might have been made. "When God
chaux was in. the Legislature," Bald Van
Wyck, "his every vote showed that he
was opposed to the railroad, and that is
the kind of men we want on our ticket."
Barna McKinne started out to second
the nomination of Godchaux and wound
up. with a denunciation of the railroad
and its methods. "I want to know," said
he, "if the railroad can come in here and
terrify the delegates? It Is a bad busi
ness to have the railroad running things."
McKinne then sld-etracked and was pro
ceeding, to name prominent Democratic
attorneys who were retained by the rail
road to fight damage suits, when some
one in tho gallery called time and he sat
down. : • . . ■ . .
Max Popper, in seconding the. nomina
tion of Moagher, said Meagher was one
of. the old-time' Democrats, and that he
had almost taken his life in hia hands
when he marched in Democratic proces
sions in 1860.
Judge Cope pleaded with the conven
tion to "do the fair thing" by nominating:
Godchaux/ He pleaded in vain, however,
for Meagher was on the "slate," having
been chosen by the bosses instead of ex-
Senator Plnder, who was driven out of
the fight by the Examiner.
The roll was called and Meagher receiy-
Ed 49 votes. Oodchaux had thirty-eight
friends In the convention, who voted for
him.
The nomination of Meagher was then
made unanimous on motion of Van Wyck.
When Chairman McGee announced that
it was next in order to nominate a can
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
dldate for Surveyor M. C. Ilassett. ac
cording: to programme, moved that the
nomination be deferred until to-night.
"I object to any such procedure," ex
claimed Bart Burke. "We can nominate
to-night as well as to-morrow night. I
object to the way some people are try
ing to manage the convention. They
don't seem to have much confidence in
the majority of us. for they don't let us
in on their work. I now think that it
is about time some of us were taken into
the confidence of the convention. While
we have every confidence in the leader
of our local ticket. I know and the rest
of you know that he has satellites man
aging this convention. We want fair
play and if we don't get It, gentlemen,
the ticket will be badly handicapped. I
have felt and others have felt that w r e
are not being properly treated by the
managers of the convention. Let us nom
inate our candidate for Surveyor to-night
and stop the practice of postponing nom
inations from one night to another."
The gallery and lobby cheered and
yelled and Charles Fay, Mayor Phelan's
mouthplece. looked anything but pleased.
. "I suggest that Senator Burkt nominate
his candidate," said Sammy Braunhart
facetiously..
Braunhart was greeted with a storm
of hisses, and there were yells from all
parts of the hall for him to sit down.
"If I had a candidate," said Burke, "I
would not talked as I have. I'm not
making any slate for this convention. All
I want and demand is fair play."
The audience again cheered.
Ex-Judge Cope trupn placed Bernard
Blenfleld in nomination for Surveyor and
there being no other aspirants the secre
tary was instructed to oast the ballot for
him.
M. C. Hassett arose to "repudiate the
intimation" that there was a "slate," but
quickly sat down when the spectators in
the gallery commenced to hiss.
Dr. George M. Terrill was on the
"slate" for Coroner, but Burkes speech
killed him off. Dr. E. E. Hill was placed
In nomination against him, and the gal
lery gods shouted and yelled. They cheer
ed Dr. Hill into the nomination, for he
received 51 out of the 86 votes cast, and
was declared the choice of the conven
tion.
The slate was then brought out again
with the names of Charles T. Conlan,
Edward P. Mogan. William G.
and Finlay Cook on it as candidate? for
Police Judges. There was no opposition,
and Secretary Walsh was instructed to
cast -the ' ba.llot for them.
Mogan was nominated to fill the unex
pired term caused by the death of
Judge Campbell, and M. Greenblatt was
nominated for the unexplred term for
Treasurer.
William A. White. Leonard Stone,
George H. Cabaniss, Frank J. Burke, Jo
seph C. Meyerstein, Harry McClaughey.
Alfred J. Fritz, Frank Schilling and
John A. Carroll were placod in nomina
tion for Justices of the Peace. Stone, Mc-
Claughry, Cabariss, Burke and Fritz
carried off the prizes. The vote stood:
White 50, Stone 53, Cabaniss 66, Burke 53,
Meyerstein 41, McClaughry 62, Fritz SS,
Schilling 34 and .Carroll 27.
M. C. Hassett, Max Popper, Colonel W.
P. Sullivan, J. D. Maxwell and Rudolph
Herald were appointed to arrange for a
ratification meeting when the convention
concludes its labors.
An adjournment was then taken until
to-night at B'nai B'rlth Hall. '
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take " Laxative ; Bromo I Quinine Tablet*. : All
druggjat* refund the money If it falls to cure.
26c. Th* genuine has £.. B. Q. on each tablet.'
AGAINST FUSION
IN ANY FORM.
The State Central Committee of the National Democratic party, at its
meeting held in this city on Tuesday fevening, September 27, unanimously
passed the following resolution:
This committee calls attention to the further abandonment of Demo
cratic principles b- the fusion with un-Democratic and anti-Democratic ele
ments of this State, and strongly advises all members of the National
Democratic party to aid in such way as may seen most effective in the
election of sound money representatives to Congress and in the election of
a Legislature which will choose a United States Senator, who will support
sound, money and safe financial legislation.
k WILLIAM THOMAS, chairman
ELLIOTT MCALLISTER, secretary,
GHIS. L. PATTON
FOR MAYOR
Continued from First Page.
hush every breath of suspicion his opoo
nents may endeavor to cast within his
path. He has lived twenty years in this
State, and for a decade has been a resi
dent of this city. His record is known
in every county, in every city and every
hamlet of this State. He has been a
member of the Supreme Court, and his
presence honored the bench. Four years
ago in the State Republican Convention
he was nominated Attorney General of
the State,, and the people accepted him.
No right suffered at his hands and no
wrong was permitted to outdo the right.
I present the name of William F. Fitz
gerald. [Cheers.]
"I do not intend to make a speech. I
see by your enthusiasm that you know
the gentleman. He will bring a tower of
strength to this ticket if nominated, and
by your demonstration I have no fear
that my wishes will pasß unheeded."
The nomination of Judge Fitzgerald was
seconded by A. Ruef. He said that when
sucn men as Judge Fitzgerald consented
to accept the nomination for City and
County Attorney at the hands of the
Republican party there was no need to
fear that the affairs of municipal gov
ernment would be in incompetent hands.
No other names being presented, the
nomination of Fitzgerald was made by ac
clamation. It was announced that he
would appear and address the convention
this' evening. '
Nominations for Auditor were called
for and A. Ruef presented the name of
Asa R. Wells.
"There is no more important office in
the city and county of San Francisco,"
he said, ''than that of Auditor. I name
for this office a pioneer resident, who is
known and respected by all classes of
people. I place before you the name of
Asa R. Wells. I£ you ccc fit to nom
inate him for that office you will find
that his name will add strength to the
ticket."
T. C. Maher seconded the nomination.
As no other names were placed before
the convention the secretary was in
structed to cast the ballot of the con
ventlon for Mr. Wells. He will appear
before the convention this evening.
A. Ruef was called to the chair and
Chairman Allen placed John D. Slebe in
nomination for Assessor. He said:
"I desire to ■ place in nomination my
friend and everybody's friend, honest old
John Sicbe. (Cheers.) If he is nominated
by this convention his election is as cer
tain as the rising of to-morrow's sun. His
name stands for all that is best in private
life and all that is honorable in public
life. Place his name on the ticket and
you wilt strengthen it from top to bot
tom."
Mr. Slebe's nomination was seconded
by Charles H. Ward. No other candi
dates appeared and the nomination was
made by acclamation. Mr. Siebe was
escorted to the platform and made a
brief address, in which he thanked the
members of the convention for the honor
that, had been bestowed upon him. He
said that he was proud to be placed on
tho ticket headed by such a man as
Charles L. Patton, and that he intended
to work as he had never worked before
for the success of the whole ticket.
"When nominations for Treasurer were
called for William H. Herrln presented
the name of Isaac J. Truman. The nom
ination was seconded by Dorsan Nichols.
No other candidate was presented and the
secretary was Instructed to cast the bal
lot of the convention for Mr. Truman.
He Was escorted to the platform, where
he bowed his acknowledgment of the ap
plause with which his appearance was
greeted. He said:
"It is a proud rr — pnt of my life to be
able to stand before a representative body
of citizens and Republicans who have
named me as a representative of the
party. I assure you tliat if I am elected
Treasurer no deed of mine ' ii ever make,
you regret that you have cast your votes
for me here to-night."
Nominations for the office of City and
County Surveyor being next in order,
William Cluff presented to the conven
tion the name of Charles Tilton. This
was the oniy name presented. The secre
tary was instructed to r- t the ballot for
Mr. Tilton. The nominee thanked the
convention for the honor and said that he
would appear this evening and subscribe
to the platform 01 the party.
The convention adjourned to meet at the
same place this evening at 8 o'clock.
Politics Continued on Ninth Page.
HAD TO ABANDON HER
BIG LUMBER RAFT
THE PBOGBESO FOBCED FROM
THE CONTEST.
Stuck to Her Tow for Eleven Days
and Then Had to Cut Adrift
When Off Point Beyes.
The steamer Progreso arrived in port
yesterday without the raft of piles she
was towing down. Heavy weather was
encountered, and one-half of the .huge
mass broke adrift. Early yesterday morn
ing a heavy swell and a nasty cross sea
was met and the. rest of the raft broke
adrift. When the Progreso reached port
all she had to show for eleven days of
hard towing was about. sixty torts of chain
which was towing behind her.
As the Progreso gave up the attempt
j to bring the raft into port, the Humboldt
j is going to try it. She got in from Seat
tle yesterday at 2 p. m., and . an hour
later had discharged her passengers and
was on her way out to sea to look for the.
derelict. Captain Bonnlfleld had an ex
perience with the menace to navigation
early in the morning. At 8 a. m. the
i lirst portion was met, end from that hour
■ up to 10:30 a. m. floating piles were con
stantly passed. A lookout was then kept
for the remainder of the raft, and it-'wus
! sighted six or seven miles west of Point
i Reyes. " Seas were breaking clear over it,
I but it was intact. Should the Humboldt
| bring the remains of the raft in it will
be a lucky find for that fortunate vessel.
The Alaska Commercial Company's
i steamer Bertha arrived frqm St. Michael
yesterday. She brought down about sixty
miners and nearly a million' in gold, dust
I and drafts. Fourteen boxes for the Ala's-
I ka Commercial Company contained $350,000
! worth cf dust alone. The steamer Cleve
land was still nt St. Michael when I . the
Bertha sailed. Pat Galvin, who owns the
steamer's cargo, had to purchase the river
I steamer Tukoner in order to get his stuff
up to Dawson. .As soon as -it has been
discharged from' the Cleveland into the
Yukoner the former will return to San
Francisco.
T. P. H. Whltelaw and the workmen
who went Up with him era the Slntram
will return on the next trip of the Leele
naw. They have completed all the rivj»r
boats and barges save one, and that one
will remain on the stocks until next
spring.
There was a thrilling accident on the
British ship Alcinous yesterday. The tug
Sea King was taking her to sea, and when
two miles outside the heads a sailor fell
overb oard from the ship's forecastle. Cap
tain Harry Marshall, of the Sea King,
saw the man fall and slowed up. The
men on the ship saw the accident also, for
as the sailor drifted past the vessel's
stern a line was thrown and caught, and
in a few seconds the sailor was aboard
again, none the worse for his ducking.
It was a wonderfully smart piece of work.
DOCKERY'S TRIAL
WAS POSTPONED
THE WITNESSES FOR THE PROS
ECUTION WERE MISSING.
Continuance Granted to October 19 So
as to Secure Their Attendance
if j-'ossible.
The Board of Health did not try Chief
Food Inspector Dockery last evening. The
Inspector was rendy and so was the
board, but the complainant, Isaac Leip
sic, scored a dismal failure as a prosecut
ing quantity. He did, in fact, appear be
fore the Board, being represemed by At
torney Wilson, but was only able to an
nounce that his witnesses, some twenty
in number, were all missing. Mr. Wilson
stated that he had just been called into
the case and knew little of its merits. He
asked whether the Board of Health had
power to subpoena witnesses to the case,
admitting the inability of his client to
get those. he had counted upon without
the compulsory process of the law. He
declared t hut Mr. Leipsic was confident
or proving that "Inspector Dockery was
incompetent, showed favoritism and was
moreover, addicted to drunkenness:"
Attorney Dunn of the. Prosecuting At
torney s office, representing Dockerv
stated that his side , was ready and
anxious to go ahead: that twenty-three
witnesses were present to vouch for Mr.
Dockery and rebut all charges brought
against him. The Inspector wanted no
whitewash and would do all in his power
to assist Mr. Leipsic in getting the case
tried.
Wilson replied that several of the com
plainant s witnesses had been present ear
lier in the evening, but had gone away.
He would be obliged to ask for a post
ponement arid any assistance that the
board could give in securing the attend
ance of witnesses for the prosecution.
Dunn assured his opponent that any
nelp which the prosecuting attorney's of
fice could rive in corraling the absent
witnesses for the other side would be
freely extended. At the same time he
stated that so. far as he knew the Board
of Health had no power to compel the
attendance of witnesses.
It. was finally determined to allow Mr
Llepsic to have another chance at Dock
ery on Wednesday, October 19.
The board then settled down to the con
sideration of Texas fever among Solano
County cattle and to devise some method
or keeping the diseased meat out of the
°«n Francisco market. Dr. Bazet stated
that the epidemic was becoming wide
spread in Solano County and certain
other sections of the State, and that some
Pteps should be taken to regulate the sale
of cattle dying from Texas fever.
Dr. Root presented evidence to the
board that the fever was now developing
all over the State, and declared that the
meat of cattle dying from it was being
shipped to this city. He further said that
there were so few outward symptoms of
disease in the infected cattle "that an in
spection by ordinary laymen was almost
useless. As for the meat being unhealthy'
to consume, he thought that it was far
preferable to other diseased meat, but
still was objectionable on account of the
febrile conditions of the cattle preceding
death.
The whole matter was finally referred
to the State Board of Health: "
Out Against Civil Service.
The Republican Anti-Civil Service League
has arranged for public meetings in the follow
ing towns during its campaign through the
State: Oakland, October IS; San Jose, October
14; Santa Clara, October 11; AlameOa, October
J2; San Rafael. October 13; Berkeley, October
14; SauwUlto, October 15; Redwood City, Octo
ber 1"; San Mateo, October 17; Cenicla Octo
ber lSj.Vallejo, October 18; Napa, October 19-
Sacramento, October 20; San Francisco Octo
ber 21.
An active local campaign will be pursued and
open air. mass meetings will be. held in every
Assembly District. The membership books of
• the league will be kept open, and it is hoped
that recruits will be gathered from all parts
of the State.- • , pttrls
In the Divorce Courts.
Kstelle Blanquln was granted a divorce
from Leon Blanquin yesterday on the
ground of intemperance. Ermini Capo
nel i has been granted a divorce from
Fiilipo Caponelll on the ground of ex
treme cruelty. W. F. Byrne has been
granted his application for a divorce
from Lily Byrne on the ground of deser
tion. James Edward Bassity haß sued
Josephine Bassity for a divorce, alleging
desertion as a cause of action.
PREACHED HIS
FIRST SERMON.
MARTIN MEYER, the clever
young son of Charles Meyer
of this city, is winning honors
in the East. He is to be a
rabbi, and his training has been in
that direction from his youth. He
graduated from the Lowell High
School when 17 years old, arid then
for two years
he took a
p r eparatory
Course under
Rabbi Jacob
V o orsanger.
Then his fa
ther sent him '
East, where
he . became a
student at
the- univer
sity in Cincin
nati, and also
at the He- .
brew ' Union
College i h
that city. Had
there- been a
Hebrew- Col
■ U'ge in . Call- •
fornla M r.
.Meyer would
have educated
nis son in the Btate University. The
young man will graduate from the-
University of Cincinnati this year,
but has a course of four years more
to go through at the Hebrew Union
College before lie Can be ordained
a rabbi.
During the celebration of the
Jewish new year Mr. Meyer was in
Bloomlngton, 111. H(> delivered the
••address at the Moses Montefiore
Temple on' that occasion, and of
hfm the Pantagraph says:
"He is one of the most eloquent
young men of the Hebrew faith
who has wcr spoken in this city,
and h!s address last evening was "a
scholarly eflcrt-.'
Mr. Meyer will return 'to San
Francisco next spring to spend his
vacation. •
HEAVYWEIGHT PUGILISTS.
JACK STELZNER and JOE KENNEDY. Who Will Meet To-Morrow Night
... in Woodward's Pavilion,
Joe Kennedy, the popular heavy-weight pugilist of the Excelsior Ath
letic Club, who has trained down from 220 pounds to 190 pounds in six
weeks by a Course of hard training, will meet the clever and hard-hitting
Jack Stelzner in a twenty-round contest to-morrow evening at Woodward's
Pavilion.
Kennedy was always selected by Tom Sharkey whenever the pugilistic
sailor had use for a boxing paTtner in this city. Sharkey frequently said
that Kennedy, when In condition, should hold his own with any heavy
weight In the land. In fact, the sailor had a great respect for Kennedy's
right fist, which on more than one occasion stirred up the fighting Dlood of
the herculean Irishman during sparring sessions.
Stel*ner, who has been the sparring partner of Champion Bob Fitzsim
mons, will introduce many new moves, which will doubtless puzzle the
representative of the Excelsior Club, whose style of fighting is round
arm. Contests between heavy-weights are always pleasing to the sport
ing; fraternity of this city, who delight to hear the sounds of the big
gloves when they patter on body or face.
The preliminaries will consist of ten-round contests between Patsy
Corrlgan and Jack La Rue, and Phil Green and Young Peter Jackson.
STRUCK THE BOY
WHO BIT HIS HAND
COLONEL PARNELL CHARGED
WITH CRUELTY.
The Secretary of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren Explains.
Colonel Parnell, secretary of the Cali
fornia Society for the Prevention of Cru
elty to Children, has aroused the Indig
nation of a number of occupants of the
Central Market building at 223 Powell
street through his alleged, cruelty to a
nine-year-old boy who was left In his
custody by a mother who could not sup
port her children.
The charge has been placed in the hands
of Secretary Wadham of the Eureka So
ciety for the Protection of Children, and
he is now gathering evidence with a view
to having Colonel Parnell punished for
cruelty.
The trouble grew out of Mrs. C, John
son's effort to have her son fiarl and her
daughter Valentine sent to a charitable
institution, as she was unable to support
them. Young Johnsqn was brought to the
society's room on .Friday last, and when
the mother started to leave Without him.
he set up nn ■ unearthly creaming-. .The
occupants of neighboring offices ran Into
the hall to learn the cause and- discovered
that they emanated from the society's
headquarters. The . doors were found
locked, and in trying to gain admittance
they attracted the attention of Mrs. Pres
cott, the assistant secretary, who opened
the door. At that woment the colonel wad
seen to slap the boy. and was immediate
ly remonstrated with by Indignant witr
nesses. . ■
A Dr. Henderson attempted to enter the
colonel's presence witn a view to stopping
further punishment, -when 'he was firmly
and coldly told- to leave. On his refusal
to- do so the now indignant secretary
pushed him out and closed and locked the
door.
One lady, Mrs. Sherman by name, who
has adjoining offices, was so grieved at
the boys treatment that she cried all af-'
ternoon. In speaking about the incident
yesterday, she said:- "I thought it was
strange that a society that cares ■-. for
children should- treat them so Inhumanly
as did Colonel Parnell. its representative.
I was shocked, and had I been a man he
would not have acted as he did."
Secretary' Parnell's version of the affair
places the case in an entirely different
light. He stated that the boy- became
hysterical as soon as the. mother left
him. He screamed and carried on in a,
manner that caused -nearly ■" all of the
people in the building to assemble In the
hall. Mrs. Prescott did all that ' she
could to quiet him, but the youngster
struggled and bit her hands until she was
almost exhausted. Then she turned the
boy over to the secretary, who had no
better success in quieting him. After
struggling to get out of the door the lad
got the aged soldier's finger in his mouth
and began to close his teeth down in a
manner that caused the colonel much
pain. The boy was struggling on the
: : - .: - V. ■■'< ■• ADVERTISEMENTS. : ,■ j "•' ' ' ;'-"." '^ ."-v^:
IRAND MASTERr
If you. would be master of the Bituation, if you would be a leader, a ■<
. . wise ruler in your household, your business, your church or your commun- ■
. ! ity, put yourself -on a cash basis aB to buying and selling with as ' little '^
delay as possible.. 'if you have -strayed } into the, underbrush of debts and.
credits you may not be able at once to find the great highway of pay. as ,
. you go, which leads to peace and prosperity; but Bet your face • toward it 
and march forward. Every "day will .bring.; y*>u "nearer—when: the light
breaks and you're able to .say I owe -no man anything. You will rejoice
in your freedom and your rejoicings will be unspeakable. . / .",.".
PAY AS YOU GO. OTJIER CASH OFFERS
Ladles Capes, fur on collar.. .......-..<.. ......|1 Fine cluster raisins for table u5e.........V.\"..5q
Ladies' grfi-- wool underwear for \v5nter......750 Plums with pits in. good, Sf 1b5. ...'.;.".... ....$1
Ladies' Cardigan jackets. Sleeves, black... i 75c Nectarines, not the best or w0r5t...:. ;.;..-. .-..5c
Little' children's winter -dresses *;;... .;.v..v.. 43c -Lard. ,l.o lbs. Eastern In dinner pa 11........ r .;50
Seamless • black hose, stout 1ad1e5.., '..... 10c-| Hams, high-rracle Eastern .....He
Seamless black hose, stout children .....10c Ba'yin,- -kind no one refuses — ...... .'....50
Wool yarn for winter knitting.. ....... ....'."..Tic ! Tea cakes, .called pumpernickel , 3c
Prettiest dolls for the money in t0wn.... -..'25c : Candied Honey, CO-lb. tins ...... ,: t .;. .'...■.. ..5c
Games •« please *......•....... 5c and 10c Boiled elder, per quart, none better.. ...:.. ..25c
Covered slate, with pencil, 1..:..r...... 3c Black molasses, }4:gal. tins, each 10c
Slate pencils,. per box of 100...,....'...., 10c . . •- ■ .■ — ~ :—: — " v
■.-.-.: . . . • :-.'c, ;- •• -:■ • -.. ,- : io-lb. bags fine table salt. i. .;..'....^.,.8c
Wallpaper, double rolls, 1898 8ty1e».... '.'... up Corn starch, one of the be5t........ 5c
Linoleum, 2 yds. wide.- En*, sq. yd.. ...32c Army bread, 1-lb. cartons. nne:......'.......^.50 •
CarpiWs, yard wide, 1898 ingrain 5..;. ......... 1 -box 2". motM balls..-....-.......:... ....s<j
Sideboard, bureaus, $14 kind, closing... ./....; 58 1 box fine white macaroni 2-'> c
Tapestry for covering, furniture, wide 30c-up 10 .lbs. fine laundry starch...... ..2r,0
Fine-grade" comforts, sateen c0vered....... -.J2 CO 7 bars Babbitt's soap, best .; V.JSo
White spreads, full • size/extra value ...... ."$1 Hear 1 stalls leather, 75c kind. .■........;•.. . ....2."x3
Plaid- blankets; not wool, pair................ 75c ! Butcher knives, .i*i~uy slze;.'lsc kind ...5$
Boys' or Iris' sweaters,' all sizes....... '.25c up j Home-made marmalade, glass Jars ;.100
Men's .-sweaters, garnet or navy .......50c Manko 1 chutney, *0c- sixer O. X •.....". :...*.. 25e
$65 family sewing machines.. ' .....' ...%29. (fi" Klondike sleisths. 4 left, closing ;.H
$12 gray Klondike blankets, 10 1b5.. ...;.. $7-50 Flour, high grade family, 50 lbs '. 900
• Across the bay patrons still have goods delivered free same day or- '_
dered. Would like you to try our. cash plan a month; if it fails, drop it. [
The delicacy counter in center of first floor is replenished every day. - Cran-
berries from the East go' on • sale to-day at 10 cents a quart. The quality "
of our goods is never questioned by those who know us.
We have been r.=lns until now ab ''it 40 VHAJX Bpjfflj " fa ;JK^ H S UHk w
plain $1 50 kitchen tables as counters on second JBBBB L-: ' ii * Eflrrß ■-
floor. We haye now rut In regular fixtures _^BHjt H^gjf Q ra •"' m /
and will offer these S -'-■ fil \Jf
TABLES AT $1 00. :jr>.A<|| i Pff|t»B'
Ba--' ..." in perfect order, except . some '' of, : the - * .*^^ ■■ : '^ ■ ' "^ ■*» >
legs are a little soiled. Who speaks first? "A , ...• . ;-V - ' v.~~ ■':.-"■'
few sample* of furniture ,yet on hand of the : ; ; QK_O7 - Market St.. S. F
better grades at halt price. Call and ccc them. ;. ;. ; *O"^» martlet Olif.O; .VA|;
floor at the time, and at that very awk
ward moment, just as the secretary gave
the boy a slap in the face to make him
quit biting, Mrs, Prescott opened the door.
In response to the knockinga of those In
the hallway.
Colonel Parnell denied that he abused
the boy or was more severe than the oc
casion demanded. He cleared the room
as he did not want any interference in
the management of the boy.
Mrs. Johnson was present during the
time that the secretary was making hi 3
statement, and she said that she ap
proved of the course pursued by Colonel
Parnell. even to slapping the lad. She
said that she will not be a party to any
complaint against the officers of the so
ciety.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Jones, Sausalito - W J Berry, Dawson
M W: Pratt,. Bentcla : G C Hyatt & w, Cal
C. Moltzer, Pt Reyes G B McLaughlln, Cal
J R Trayner. Cal ■ J E Lombard, U S N
D L Phillips, Hanford J P Clark & w. Racto
• C L McCarthy, Oaklnd Miss D A Clark, Sacto
Mrs Spangle Fresno • R Schuldengue, DawSn
IF E -Curtis &w, Cal J F Daly, Eureka I
i J WC Payne, Visalia I Bird, Merced - XV
Mrs P-H Tindell, Lodl S E Ballard, 3 Rosa '".:
W W Thompson, Cal -S E Penniman, 8 Joae
B' T X Preston. lone I J A Brent, Plymouth
M Walters, Edinburgh I R D Hatch, Novato
N G Wlseell, Dawson IS C Evans. Riverside
■H F . Berry, Dawson G Frost, Riverside
C J Charles & w. Wash J H Sinclair & w, Cal'
Mies Charles, Wash Id O Bartnett, Victoria
M Biggs Jr,:Oroville I- •-• >V
. . BALDWIN HOTEL.
B-.J Mitchell, V- S A|W R Grace. Alabama
I A B Country. XJ S AIM 8lmw: .Pliu>»rvyi«
R Wright, US A.; II 8 DavtsT^l^a^el
B Gomatsuso. Tokio FA Kemp, B>nicla
C Cpmadl, : St Paul AI ONell, S Joae ;
R Simpson, L Ang . F O'Xeil, 3 Jose ■':
J R Berry, USA ■ " S -Dddson. S Jose '
C P Braslaln,' Chicago F A ' Jones, Fort Point
8 L Beer, Fort Point G Keller. Stockton
Mrs Graven, Dawson . ' D W T*urcell, Ne«dle«
Virgie Graves. Dawson J G- Shield, Portland
E Welller. Baltimore Mis Shield, Portland
G B- Oliver, Conn . C Zieg-enfuss, Fresno
.; \V Parmlee. Cal . |c Jackson & w. Omahi
■ ' '... PALACE HOTEL.
B Fleische-&w,R Vista E E Hartrwell/ N T T
A Webster & : ' w. Reno C C Berg:, Ii Ang •: , /
?, A Oppenhelni«-r, N V D Malone, Oak Knoll
H. M Holbrook, Memo O P Jenkins. Stanford
S M -Robblhs. Slssoft J B Tlngley, Sact*
T W Flint Jr. £ Juan H P Goodman&w. Sao
3 H -Brossmah & w. Pa H . B Gardener. Crockt
Mrs P' Banger. Pa •. Mrs Gardener. .Crockett
A T Crull. N* V , Vy Jarcho*-. X V .
W R Zulich. Ind H W Toothe, N T '" J
J MBune, L Anft . Mrs T J Atkinson. Mich
R, Powers & f, S Diego 5 . ■ - .
•■ ." NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .
W H Mathews. Sacto IF J Peterson, : Key
E SamcfluS, Nebr PO-KHber, Arle " ;t
Mrs G Brown, Loomiß J H Fnmayo. Mexico •
A 3' Pinentel&w, SJosa J D O'Brien, Colfax
J P 'Marks, £ Ang D L Harrison, Nev City
D F McGovem, .Mdnto C Buckley. Ban Mateo
B F Warren, MntysvllP C Freeman. Fresno
H B Will-ard.- • lowa J.Peterson, Fresno : •■-'
P Lainon&w.Copperpls F Morton, X V
C A Perkins. Isleton "• 3 Warner,' Mo ':b •.'.'•':
Wanted for Embezzlement.
T. H. Bradbury, butcher on Brnderlck
street, near Pine, swo:e to a complaint
I in Judge Conlan's court yesterday for the
arrest of Fred Kramer, his collector, on a
charge of misdemeanor embezzlement.
'The total amount emnezzled is estimated
at $160. Kramer wrote a letter to Brad
bury acknowledging his guilt and calling
■himself a fool.THOUSANDS OF CUBANS DIE.
SLEEK INSURGENTS INDIFFERENT
STARVATION STALKS
IN MATANZAS STREETS
Special Cable to The Call ud the New York Herald. Copy rich ted, IS9B, by Jamej Gordon Bennett.
MATAXZAS, Cuba, Sept. 28. — Matanzas, once rich and: prosperous, to-day presents a sad picture of con
tradiction. Here one sees the streets "filled with starving wretches who die almost too fast to find men to, bury
them. Twenty- rive thousand reconcentrados began congregating in the city in January of last year. A month
later they began to die from hunger, and have continued doing so ever since. Between January, 1897, and Sep
tember, 1898. 10,066 persons died in the city of Matanzas. 80 per cent of them, according to the doctors' certifi
cates, from starvation and nothing else. Fully half the reconcentrados have no shelter at night. They live and
sleep in the streets. It is almost impossible to walk a block in the heart of the city without seeing some wreck
of a human beihg. too weak to go farther, lying pn the sidewalk, gasping and moaning. Mothers, half skeletons
themselves, crouch with sad-faced children under the shadow of the arches at the palace, begging centavos of the
soldiers, who drive them away. Five or six drop dead in the streets every day. The first duty of the "Guardia Civ
iles" in making their rounds in the streets each morning is to look for the bodies of persons who died duringthe
nigh* . • . • . . :' .• •• .
NOTED JURIST
AND DIPLOMAT
PASSES AWAY
Thomas F. Bayard Dies
at His Daughter's
Residence.
DISSOLUTION VERY GRADUAL
Career of tfie Statesman Who
Senred as Secretary of State
and Embassador.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
DEDHAM, Mass.. Sept. 28.— Thomas
F. Bayard died at half-past 4 o'clock
this afternoon at Karlsteih, the sum
mer residence of his daughter, Mrs.
Samuel D. Warren, after an illness of
cix weeks. His death was without
pain. His wife, his two daughters,
Mrs. Warren and Miss Florence Bay
ard, and his son. Thomas F. Jr., saw
him draw his last breath, and his
third daughter, the Countess Lauen
haupt, was on her wav to Dedham.
The remains will be conveyed td
Delaware and the formal services will
be held Saturday in the old Swedish
church at Wilmington.
Karlstein lies off the Xeedham road.
Here about the middle of August came
Mr. Bayard, to be the guest of his
daughter and his son-in-law. He was
sick, but it was given out that his ill
ness was merely due to declining years.
]Ip steadily grew vorse, however, and
had spells of semi-consciousness arid of
delirium. A consultation of physicians
•was held August 26, and they agreed
that Mr. Bayard was suffering, from
artuns colorosls and a general break-
Ing down Incident to age. He suf
fered no pain t" any noticeable degree,
ar.d the chief tendency was to sleep.
During the first few weekp of his ill
ness Mr. Bayard was able to sit up.
bat as the days passed he became
gradual^' weaker, and three weeks ago
he laid, himself on his bed and never
again rose from it. At times he would
rally to Home extent, but the relapse
carried him always nearer the end. His
■wonderful constitution resisted the
ravages of disease for a surprising
period. Much of the time he was In a
Bemi-conscious condition, seldom rec
'srnizing any of the family and at in
tervals h-ving sinking spells, accom
panied by choking. These left him al
ways weaker. Yesterday it became
evident that his death was a, matter of
only a few hours. Still he lingered,
having a slight rally during the night
and during the forenoon his condition
showed little change. At 4 o'clock he
V-nn to Pink rapiCly. and half an
hour later he gently passed away. To
morrow the body will be sent to Dela
ware, being due" to arrive at Wilming
ton late Friday afternoon.
JURIST AND DIPLOMAT.
Career of Thomas Francis Bayard in
Which He Gained Distinction.
Thomas Francis Bayard was a distin
guished member of an eminent family.
Since long before the revolutionary war
times the Bayards have boen conspicuous
In the country's history as patriots and
statesmen, and many, acqilred national
fame as Jurists. Four mc-rnbers of the
Bayard family have had Senatorial hon
ors bestowed upon them by the / little
Btate of Delaware— Thomas Francis Bay
ard, his father. James Asheton Bayard:
his grandfather, of the same name, the
negotiator of the treaty of Ghent, and his
uncle, Richard Henry Bayard. HA grand
mother's father. Governor Bassett of Del
aware, was also the recipient of Senator
ial honors.
Thomas Francis Bayard was born in
Wilmington, Del., October 29. 182 S. and was
a younger son. In his thirteenth year he
entered school at Flushing, L. I. Here
he remained two years. At the expim
tion of that period, being intended by his
father for mercantile pursuits, a clerkship
was obtained for him in the establishment
of Mr. Bayard's brother-in-law, August
Van Cortlandt Schermerhorn. Here he re
ceived an excellent business training. In
1848 his elder brother died, whereupon, at
the request of his parents, he returned to
Wilmington. Having a liking for his
father's profeesfon, that of law, he be
came a student with that end In view,
THOMAS FRANCIS BAYARD.
and was. admitted to the bar In ISSI. He
immediately began the practice of his pro
fession with his father, and was success
ful from the beginning, his local fame
spreading rapidly. In 1858 he was ap
pointed United States District Attorney
for Delaware, but resigned the following.
year. • • '
. When the war of th« rebellion began
Mr. Bayard was pursuing his profession.
With the first muuerings of war the
people of Wilmington set about estab
fishing means of, .self-protection. A mili
tary company was organized and Thomas
F. Bayard was elected its first lieuten
ant. In June, ISCO, the famous peace
meeting of citizens- was held at Dover,
and Lieutenant Bayard was. one of the
principal speakers. He denounced the
war, and his remarks on that occasion
have been quoted in later years as an
argument against his availability as a
Presidential candidate.
Meanwhile Mr. Bayard's popularity In
his native State kept growing 1 rapidly,
and In ISGS he was elected to succeed
his father in the United States Senate.
It Is noteworthy that on the day he was
elected to the Senate, for the. full term,
his father, who had resigned, ..was also
re-elected a Senator from Delaware to
serve for the unexplred part of his orig
inal term. This is the only case of a
father and san being voted for by the
same Legislature to fill the -Senatorial
offices.
In October. 18T.6, Senator Bayard was
married to Louisa, daughter of Joseph
Lee, a Baltimore banker. Twelve chil
dren were the result of the union. In
1877 Senator Bayard received the hon-
orary degree of LL.D. from Harvard
College. ; ■ (. " '
' As soon" as the result of the national
election of 1884 was positively known Mr.
Bayard was the first Democratic states
man- invited to. consult . with President
elect Cleveland, and it was generally un
derstood that he was the first man of
fered' a place In the new Cabinet — the
leading place at that. This he finally ac
cepted, although It was said that he was
'strongly advised by leading Democrats
not to enter the Cabinet at all. asjiis de
parture from the Senate . would . tend to
weaken the strength of the party in' that
body. • '."■".•;:
At the close of Mr. Cleveland's admin
istration Mr. Bay. returned to private
life and to his legal profession. /
In March, 1898, Mr. Bayard' was appoint
ed Embassador to the Court of St. James
and served during Mr. Cleveland's second
term. :
. Mr. Bayard's first wife died In the first
year of his term as Secretary, of State.
Four years later he was married to Miss
Mary W. Cllnmar of Washington, who
survives him." Seven of the children' are
living, as follows: Mrs. Samuel D: War
ren of Boston. Miss Annie Bayard, Miss
Florence Bayard,- the Countess . Lauen
haupt, formerly Miss Nellie Bayard;
James A. Bayard'/ Thomas F. Bayard Jr.
and Philip E. Bayard. >,
STRONG TESTIMONY
. AGAINST MMNTYRE
The Prosecution Announces That It
Will Close Its Case To-.tforrow \
Morning.
DENVER, Sept. 28.— The court-martial"
of Chaplain Joseph P. Mc.Tntyre of the :
battleship Oregon was resumed this
morning. Several witnesses testified that
the chaplain's remarks had been correctly
reported in the newspapers'. The sub
stance .of their testimony was that Chap
lain Mclntyre charged Admiral Sampson
with reporting himself within four miles
of the Spanish ship .Colon when she sur
rendered, when In reality he was at least
eight miles away; that he charged Cap
tain Evans of the lowa with running
away from the fight, referring to him
contemptuously as "Fighting Bob. " and
that he charged that Eastern shipbuild
ers obtained contracts from the Govern- !
ment by means of political pulls, and
That the Oregon was the only battleship
that was honestly built.
After these witnesses had testified
Judge Advocate Lauchefmer gave notice
that the prosecution would rest its cas»
to-morrow morning and would probably
introduce no more witnesses.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
VANDALS ROBBED
COLUMBUS' TOMB
Portion of the Remains
Missing.
Officials Observe Great Secrecy in the
Farcical Ceremony of Remov
ing the Explorer's
Bones.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, Sept. 28 (via Key "West,
Fla., Sept. 2Sr.)— Mystery and secrecy
surround all the official acts of the
Spanish Government. Especially was :
this the case In exhuming the remains
of Columbus, and this fact has caused
much unfavorable- comment and given
rise to errave rumors, which, though un
confirmed, appf lr to have some found
ation, as there has been no attempt at
denial from any source. The. removal
of the remains, which should have
been- a public ceremony, was' veiled in"!
the deepest mystery and was effected
behind closed doors of the: cathedral,
which was guarded by an armed force.'
Few of the authorities were present,
the names of those who were to attend
being handed. to the Chief of Police the |
night before in General Blanco's own
handwriting. The- Chief of Pollce«sug
gested that comments would be made
by the press upon the secrecy of the
proceedings and asked whether it would
not be advisable to allow representar
tives. of the newspapers to be present.
To this General Blanco positively re- .
fused to accede, telling the Chief of Po
lice to limit himself exclusively to the
list of guests which had been handed
to hi.m.
" No official account of the ceremony
or statement regarding the condition
i of the remains' has been made public,
• but it has leaked out from an almost
authoritative source that they are not
in exactly the same condition as when
they were placed in the niche. When
\ the remains were placed in the maiiso
l leum a small casket was enclosed, con
taining coins, gold and silver medal's,
preckms stones and rolls of parchment,
as was then, the custom upon the occa
sion of a burial. It appears that this
j casket had been tampered with and
i rifled of its contents, and further ru
mors say that only portions of the re
mains arr> left.
Gossip of scandal and speculation ere
rife, the truth of which the authori
ties make.no effort to affirm or contra
dict. A quasi-official explanation,.
1 however, is to the effect that secrecy
was given to the ceremony because a
cable dispatch received here reported
that General Toral had been murdered
in Madrid the day before, and fears
were entertained that disorders might
, occur if the public and military came
together in great numbers.
Some of the more radical Spaniards
!go to the length of saying that the
whole ceremony was a farce, the Gov
ernment at Washington having object
ed to the removal of the remains and
this Government going through panto
mime in order -to make the public be
; Meve the remains, which are really left
I here, were shipped to Spain.-
CUBAN SOLDIERS FEAST
WHILE NATIVES PERISH
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. C opyrlgrh ted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
■® MATANZ AS, Cuba, Sept. 28. — About four miles from the city is the camp of General Betancourt, the in-
O surgent commander of Matanzas province. I visited it to-day with General Betancourt. There are about 700
® men, all well clothed and well fed. General Betancourt led me himself into the hut used for commissary stores.
O It was piled high with barrels of beans, cornmeal and. jerked beef. General Betancourt told me his men were
0 regularly supplied .with all the food they wanted by systematic contributi6ns from rich Cuban sympathizers. Ma
© tanzas thus has plenty of food for able-bodied men, but hardly a loaf of bread for the women and children dying
0 like dogs, in the streets. In the course of an interview I had with General Betancourt, he said:
O "We began this revolution against Spain for our independence,, nothing else. The thought of annexation
0 never entered our minds. We will never lay down our arms until Cuba is absolutely independent. It is all non
q sense for the United States to send any soldiers or officers here. We are abundantly able to take care of that
0 part of it ourselves." . :
QUEEN LOUISE
OF DENMARK IS
CALLED TO REST
Death of the Aged Wife of King
Christian IX Early This
Morning.
Was Known as the Mother-in-Law of Europe
and the Counselor of Crowned
Heads.
Special Dispatch to The Ca'.l.
COPENHAGEN, Sept. 29.— The Queen
of Denmark died at 5:40 this morning.
Queen Louise was born September 7,
loi7, and was the daughter of Land
grave Wilhelm of Hesse-Cassel. She
was married to King Christian IX of
Denmark May 26, 1842.
l^ast August the report was received
that she had lost her mind and had
suddenly collapsed into, a state of
dotage.
Her illness was mental rather than
physical, and It was a great grief to
Queen Louise's family- and entourage,
for she was known until recently as
one of- the most clever women in the
Old World. She has been nicknamed
the "Mother-in-law of Europe," and it
is certain that throughout the reign of
the late Emperor Alexander of Russia
she. was his source, of inspiration and
his personal counselor, besides acting
as the chief adviser of her favorite son,
who reigns as King George of Greece.
SHAFTER HAS ANOTHER
ATTACK OF FEVER
Has Been Confined to His Co J .age at
Camp Wikoff fo the Past
Two Days.
NEW YORK. Sept. -2S.— General Shafter
has had another attack of Santiago fever,
and has been confined to his cottage dur
ing the last two days at Camp Wikoff.
Last night he had a hard 'chill and to-day
has had a high fever.. To-night he is a
little better. His illness will undoubtedly
hasten his departure. ■
UNITED STRIK? OF
THE SHOE LASTERS
Movement That May Finally Be
Extended All Over the
Country.
BROCKTON, Mass., Sept. 28.— 1n pur
suance of an ultimatum Issued by the
Lasters' Protective Union at Brockton
that if the lasting machine companies
by this mo: ning- did riot withdraw
agents which they had put Into facto
KEYNOTE IS STRUCK
AS TO ANNEXATION
Republicans Deem It Necessary to
Secure the Next H ous^ of
Representatives.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— A Washington special to the Herald 6ays:
New York Republicans have struck a keynote an the subject' of Phil
ippine annexation, which will probably be taken up by their party
throughout the country, and by the time the Congressional campaign
ia fairly under way the party will be thoroughly committed to an
nexation. At the Republican Congressional headquarters the greatest
importance, is attached to the necessity of electing a Republican
House of Representatives this fall, on account of the effect it will
have upon European nations, by showing them that the President has
the support of the country, in his policy in dealing with the territory
conquered from Spain. Representative Hull of lowa, chairman of the
Republican Executive Committee, said to-day: "Europe would regard
the election of a Democratic .House of Representatives as a vote of
lack of confidence in the administration and its policy, and would take
advantage of the situation to attempt to keep this country from shar
ing in the benefits that are to follow as a result of the opening up of
the Orient to- commerce."
She has always been averse to con
stitutionalism, and by many she Is
blamed for the refusal of her Musco
vite son-in-law to do anything toward
providing his empire with s. more lib
eral, form of government than that by
means of which he rules.
Queen Louise was in her 81st year,
and has never been quite the same
since her serious Illness a year ago.
The loss of her mental faculties, how
ever, is reported to have been very sud
den and correspondingly sad.
| It was first observed by the widowed
; Czarina on her arrival at Copenhagen.
, and she lost no time in summoning her
; brothers and aisters. who each hasten
' ed to Copenhagen a fortnight ahead of
the time originally set for the meeting.
The Princess 6t Wales, it. may be add
ed, was so much alarmed by the tele
gram of her sister, the Empress, that
she insisted -"on taking her family,
physician. Sir Francis Laking, with
1 her in the hope that his advice might
I be of some use.
rles here to take the place of strikers
all the lasters In this section would be
ordered out, the strike of the shoe
makers was extended to-day in all di
rections,, men abandoning .lasting ma
chines in shops all over Southeastern
Massachusetts. • .
This is the most general and united
strike of shoelasters that has been
known in many years, and the union
men claim that should this not win the.
day against the machine companies the
strike will be extended to every shop
in the State and possibly to every shop
In the country operating machines con
trolled by the consolidated companies.
OFFICERS FOB, THE ADAMS.
Commander Book and Others Trans-
ferred From the Mohican.
"WASHINGTON,- Sept.- 28.— Commander
G. M. Book has been detached from the
command of the Mohican and ordered to
the command of the Adams at San Fran
cisco Immediately. Lieutenant Com
mander T. Porter of the Mohican has
been transferred to the Adams as exec
utive officer. Most of the other officers of
the Mohican have also be.en ordered to
duty on the Adams. The orders of Com
mander B. F. Tilley to the ■ command />l
the Adams have been revoked.
WILL CONDUCT
INVESTIGATION
AT SANTIAGO
Commission Will Gall Upon Gen
erals Miles and Shafter
to Testify.
Commander in Chief of trje Arroy May Decline,
Preferring to Trust His Case
to Congress.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The "Wash-
ington correspondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: After completing their labors
In Washington the commissioners who
are investigating the conduct of the
war will go to Santiago. This will be
the last thing done. They expect to
spend a week in the Cuban port. An
examination will be made of the point
of landing of the army and of the facil
ities for landing supplies. Every point
bearing upon the work before the com
mission will be covered. This will in
volve evidence from both General Miles
and General Shafter.
Both General Miles and General
Shafter will be asked to go upon the
stand. They may refuse, it Is thought
by. some members of the commission,
but this Is not considered probable. The
commission, however, will spare no ef
fort to get a hearing from them. No
doubt would have been entertained as
to the willingness of these generals to
testify but for one fact. General MiTes
recently called upon Chairman Dodge
of the commission and requested that
he be not called befere it. General
Dodge gave no satisfactory answer,
but the understanding of the commis
sion is that General Miles had made up
his mind to be satisfied with nothirg
less than a Congressional Investigation.
From another source 1 learn that
General Mites has his version of the
Santiago campaign fully formulated
and when an investigation is had he
wishes to have It rigorous, acute and
final.
There is no concealment of the fact
that there are many differences between
General Miles and General Shafter, and
General Miles prefers to trust his cas>?
to Congress. In spite of this he will
be asked to appear before the commis
sion.
Secretary Alger also will certainly
bt asked to appear.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— Only four
members of the commission appointed
to investigate the conduct of. the war
were present at the forenoon session
to-day, and In the absence of replies to
the interrogatories sent to the Secre
tary of War and his subordinates very
little business was transacted. Colonel
Denby was . elected vice-chairman of
the commission, and In the absence of
Chairman Dodge presided over the
session to-day.
The only Important matter brought
to the attention of the commission was
a report by General Wilson of the en
gineer department of the army, of
which he is the chief. No statement
was called for from him because there
were no charges against this depart
ment, but General Wilson, being a
member of the commission, concluded
that to furnish one would be an appro
priate proceeding. The document was
held for disposition, by the full com
mission, and, consequently, was not
given to the press. It is a detailed
statement showing the condition of the
department on the Ist of last April.
Just before the declaration of war. as
compared with Its condition on the 31st
of August last, after the cessation of
hostilities, and it deals especially with
torpedoes and fortifications. Included
in it is a letter written by General Wil
son to his subordinates throughout the
country just before the beginning of
the war, advising them of the prospect
for hostilities and directing what
course they should pursue as mem
bers of the engineer department.
A few letters were received from
persons offering to come before the
commission. These were replied to
with a circular letter, of which the fol
lowing is a copy:
Dear Sir: Referring to your communi
cation of the commission requests
that on receipt of this you will forward
a written statement, giving in as specific
and complete a form as may be practic
able all the facts, based upon your own
personal experience and knowledge, that
will aid the pending investigation. This
statement will be for the information of
the commission only.
SECRETARY OF WAR
COMPLETES HIS TOUR
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— Secretary
Alger has returned to Washington. He
came to the War Department imme
diately after breakfast, and was soon
besieged by a number of persons who
had been waiting for his return.
Later he made a verbal report to the
President on the inspection of the army
camps, which he has Just concluded.
During the interview Secretary Long
came over from the Navy Department
and joined the party in the Cabinet
room.
On leaving the White House Secre
tary Alger said he was much gratified
with the conditions of the camps gen
erally. In a general way the camps
were kept satisfactorily, but there
were, he conceded, points which m;ght
have been improved upon, citing par
ticularly the unsatisfactory condition
of the sinks at some places.
"The main trouble found," said Sec
retary Alger, "was, perhaps, the lack
of care the troops took of themselves."
Secretary Alger says the report of a
scene in General Breckinridge's head
quarters at Lexington when he was
inspecting that camp was absolutely
without foundation. There was no
scene, no high words and no excited
language. ■ The Secretary says the story
was made out of whole cloth. Secre
tary Alger and Generals Ludington and
Sternberg each have lettens from Gen
eral Wiley, who was reported as hav
ing made accusations against them, ex
pressing his regret that any such report
was circulated.
SANTRY AND DIXON TO
FIGHT IN THIS CITY
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Eddie Santry of
this city has beon matched to fight George
Dixon. The bout will take place on No
vember 21 at San Francisco. Twenty
rounds will be contested for 50 per cent
of the gate receipts.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i^fi*>\' Now -a- days nearly
•SS* /jjjFßir every woman rides a
**V IT- »* bicycle. The majority
fa f^^T&L ■•- °* e3e W^° do not
m. /■■■■■_ /Tf^s^>*^. have failed to
BA i*~> AiftTiKt\Lj) compass its diffi-
m^rrJW&i culues because of
raW J^^TvT v-^» A nervousness.
rSB* X^ ♦X\ Many women af-
tsiir a O> viiS^ W t*^ 11^ innum-
lessons,
■VJI ? I Itm an^ trying vainly
Hn^l\^ V. \iYCT"to conquor the wheel
MB^SjjlM >!\^P or weeks, have finally
Wmwj «3 ' -7-^X^l given it up as a hope-
ww//, Sim J - le9S task or this one
BflAi - * n - near every in-
(U f/r*/*fk jpl stance severe nervous-
Vi lf ** Qa*^* ness in women may be
VQ/Lr ■ traced tc weakness and
\^ •■..." disease of the delicate
and important organs distinctly feminine.
No other class of disorders so torture a wo-
man's \ nerves ior break them down so
quickly and effectually. Dr. Pierces i Fa-
vorite Prescription ', is a sure, speedy and
permanent cure for all troubles of this de-
scription. It acts directly on the sensitive
organs ! concerned, ■ making them ' strong,
healthy, vigorous and . elastic. It allays *
inflammation, heals ulceration, soothes
pain and tones and builds up the nerves.
It stops exhausting drains. ; It banishes the
indispositions that precede maternity and
makes baby's advent easy and almost pain-
less. It insures : the ' little new-comer's
health and an ample supply , of nourish-
ment. I . It transforms weak, ■' nervous inva-
lids into strong, healthy, nerve-steady wo-
men. 1 Thousands have testified to its mar-
velous 1 merits. An honest dealer will not
offer, a substitute. .
My wife was - troubled with female weak-
ness' for several years," writes James Caswell,
Esq., of Ocheltree. Johnson : Co., Kans., (P. O.
Box , 61). : : " She had. bearing-down - pains . and
pain in.back." Her periods were irregular, she "
I would have fainting spells, the best doctors did
her no good.. By the time my wife had taken
four bottles • of the ' Favorite Prescription ' she
■; was ; completely cured. '.* No more » pain. Her *
monthly ; periods are regular, she is stout and
strong. • When she commenced i taking your
medicines she weighed about 125 pounds—
she weighs 160 pounds. V. ..
Send 21 one-cent stamps, to cover cost of
mailing only, to the World's : Dispensary
Medical ; Association,- Buffalo,; N. v Y.;* for a •
paper-covered copy of Dr. Pierces Common
Sense Medical Adviser;— Cloth binding ten
cents extra. ~. ; A whole medical library in
one 1000-page volume.
34
UNCLE SAM WILL
NOT LOSE ON THE
CENTRAL PACIFIC
Assistant Secretary Vanderlip
Says the Road Is Able to
Pay tfje Debt
He Also Tells of Plans for Shipping Silver
Bullion F ron ) Philadelphia to
San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CalJ Office, Riggs House;.
Washington, Sept. 23.
Assistant Secretary Yamlcrlip of the
Treasury Department returned to-night
from a trip to Chicago. He went there
on two missions, one to investigate the
condition of the Central Pacific Rail
road and the other to arrange for an
enormous shipment of silver bullion
across the continent. Mr. Vanderlip
Bald to-night that he had not com
pleted either mission. It was impossi
ble to see many of the people he de
sired to consult about the Central Pa
cific and he had not completed arrange
ments for the shipment of bullion.
"It is contemplated," he said, "to
Ehip about ten million ounces of silver
bullion across the continent from the
Mint in Philadelphia to the Mint in
San Francisco. Such shipments are
usually made by express and we have
a contract %vith the express companies
to ship all the money by express. But
bullion is not money any more than
pig iron is, and there is no more rea
son why we should ship pigs of silver
by express than we should ship pigs
of lead that way. Ten million ounces
of silver weighs 833,333 pounds troy or
625,000 pounds avoirdupois. This is no
trifling weight and it would be a great
expense to the Government to ship it
by express. It will take fifteen or twen
ty cars to carry this amount. If we
ship it by express the companies will
assume the risk and furnish guards,
hut if we ship it by freight we furnish
our own guards and take the risk.
Really I believe there is little risk,
hardly any more so than if it were lead.
We would select the heaviest pigs,
weighing 1000 ounces, or about sixty
five pounds. These would be loaded on
cars and a tourist car placed at each
end of the train.
"The guards would occupy the cars,
and every time the train stopped they
would surround it and prevent any one
from approaching it. There would be
little opportunity to remove any of the
pigs, as the cars would be new and of
DISTRUSTFUL OF
LORD SALISBURY
Fashoda Affair Excites
Englishmen.
CLAMOR FOR INFORMATION
TEAR THE PREMIER WILL NOT
STAND FIRM.
It Is Learned in London That General
Kitchener Did Not Hoist the
British Flag In the
Town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— The newspapers
of the country are clamorously demand
ing that the Government take the pub
lic into its confidence in regard to the
Fashoda affair, having been Informed
that General Kitchener's report has
reached the Foreign Office and that it
makes interesting developments. They
appear to be deeply disappointed that
diplomatists are to have the settlement
of the question, and express the fear
that Lord Salisbury will prove suscep
tible to French blandishments.
The Foreign Office has issued a for
mal refusal to make public any further
details of the affair, some of which,
however, are leaking out.
The Sirdar, according to these, after
Major Marchand refused to furl the
French flag, formally announced that
he had come to raise the Egyptian flag,
but before doing so he desired to know
whether Major Marchand wished to
enter a protest.
The Frenchman replied in the nega
tive and the Sirdar then planted the
Egyptian flag alone— not the Egyptian
AD"V ERTISEMENTS.
Pears'
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the excretions
from it off; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside. .
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it, re-
quires a most gentle soap*
a soap with no free al-
kali in it.
PearsV the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people "use it '•
I the safest kind, and even If men had
an opportunity to take the silver from
the train they would need a dray to
. carry it. A man would find it no easy;
thing to carry off even one pig weigh
ing sixty-five pounds. The train would
(.run on fast time and make few stops,
! so that the guards would find it easy
to keep watch on the treasure. The
expense would be much le^s to the
i Government than if it were, shipped by
■express and I can see no object ion to
this plan. The Government has a sur
! plus of gold on hand at th-e Philadelphia
, Mint and it wishes to coin it'as rapidly
as possible. At the San Francisco Mint
i the conditions are such that silver can
|be coined there without trouble. It is
I necessary that a certain amount of it
should be coined every month, and it is
\ believed that the sending of silver to
j San Francisco will be worth the ex
pense." • .
Mr. Vanderllp would say little about
■1 the Central Pacific Railroad, as the
men he wanted to see were out of the
city, but he said he thousrht the Gov
ernment had a good chance to get all
due it from the road. Mr. Vanderlip
was selected by the committee ap
pointed by Congress to investigate this
matter, consisting of the Secretaries of
the. Treasury and Interior and the At-
I torney General, and to make an inquiry
of the matter and report to them. He
• will make his report in about three
j weeks. He said to-night that the road
' appeared to be valuable property and
; the Government should get all its
! money from it, as It did from the Unioi t
i Pacific. ,
"Many people have the impression,"
j he said, "that the Government did not
I get the full amount from the Union Pa
cific that it was entitled to. This is a
j mistake, as the Government receive-i
i dollar for dollar, with all accrued inter-
I est. The Government will get its
: money, and there is no reason why the.
road should not be put on its feet as
I was the Union Pacific, which is now
| doing well. The West is developing
\ rapidly and all the roads there are do
ing a fine business. I shall continue- my
investigation for some time before mak
! ing my report and expect to see a num
j ber rrf railroad men on this subject."
and British, aa at first reported — 500
meters from the French flagstaff.
Negotiations relative to the matter
were begun at Paris to-day, the British
Embassador, Right Hon. Sir Edmund
J. Munson, calling upon M. del Casse,
the French Foreign Minister. :
The Daily Chronicle this morning de
clares that General Kitchener had full
instructions as to how to meet the
Marchand expedition, and that every
thing happened as had been antici
pated.
"There is nothing now for France,"
says the Chronicle, "but to extricate
Major Marchand from his untenable
position. There is no alternative to
this but a declaration of war.- Great
Britain. will not allow armed reinforce
ments to reach Major Marchand. When
France shall have accepted the inevit
able. It is believed England will assent
to the neutralization of the Nile from
its mouth to the lakes." '.
MAJOR MARCHAND HAS
NOT BEEN ABANDONED
PARIS, Sept. 28.— The Gaulois this
morning publishes an interview with
the Minister of the Colonies, M. Trouil
lot, in which he is quoted as saying it
is not true that Major Marchand has
been abandoned. Up to the present
time, the Minister added, the French
Government has only the British ver
sion of the major's occupation of Fa
shoda and no steps will be taken In the
matter until the French officer's re
ports are received. The Minister fur
ther remarked that one essential point
has been secured In the evidence of a
collision between the French and Brit
ish troops, and that was that it was
here and not on the Nile that the ques
tion of Fashoda and other matters
hinging on it will be settled.
SECEDING WHEELMEN
PERFECT ORGANIZATION
PHILADELPHIA, Sept 28. — The
breach between the professional cir
cuit chasers and the League of Ameri
can Wheelmen, which began in Tren
ton, N. J., on Monday night with the
repudiation of the league and the for
mation of a temporary organization to
be known as the National Racing Cy-.
cllsts' Union, was widened to-night
when the riders met in this city and
formed a permanent organization.
The officers elected at to-night's
meeting were Eddie Bald, president;
Arthur Gardener, vice president; Tom
Cooper, recording secretary; P. Ed
Spooner, corresponding secretary; F.
A. McFarland, treasurer.
These officers, together with Earl
K.iser and Jay Eaton, will . constitute
the board of, governors.
DEL NORTE BREAKS
GUIDELESS RECORD
SALEM, Or., Sept. 28.— Del Norte, the guide
less pacer, to-day reduced the world's record of
2:04% to 1:0414. The time by quarters was as
follows: :30, 1:00, 1:81. 2:04»4. Summaries:
2:16- class, pace— Deceiver won, Alta Wood
second. Toklo third. Time. 8:S0.
Trotting. 2:28 class— Alameda won, Lady
Careful second, Lady Memo third. Time 2-7
Running, six furlongs— Black Alder won'
Endimlon second. La France third. Time 1-16<4 #
Running, four furlongs— Verda Paul won R
E B second, Okolona third. Time, -50
Eastern Baseball.
; : BOSTON. Sept. 25.-The champions
tried hard to make it . thirteen straight
victories by winning from Brooklyn to
day, but • the visitors were too much for'
them. Attendance 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 6 11 ' i
Boston ....'....... 2' 8 : X
■ Batteries— Miller, Dunn and Ryan- Willis
Bransfleld an* Berger. . Umpires— and
Andrews.
ITHACA. jN. V. , Sept. . The' game
with Hamilton this afternoon was an easy
victory for Cornell, 40 to . 0. • - .
The Lakes Superior, Huron, Erie, On
tario and Michigan have an aggregate
area of 94,760 square miles, which la larger
than the area of Great Britain.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1893.
TO INAUGURATE THE
FILIPINO REPUBLIC
Aguinaldo Issues Invitations for
the formal CeremoQies at
Malolos To-Day.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898,
• • .' . '"\ ; by James Gordon Bennett. .' • '
® MANILA, Sept.. 28.— At Malolos to-morrow Aguinaldo will for- ®
® mally inaugurate the Republic of the Philippines by a great cele- ®
® bration. Invitations, have been extended to the principal army pffl- ®
®. cers, newspaper correspondents and leading Americans here. Thou- ®
® sands of. natives will attend. The dictator will review his army and ®
® probably issue proclamations, to the nations of the world, getting ®
® forth the intentions of his Government. ®
® The transport Arizona, haying navy recruits and an immense mall ®
® aboard, arrived to-day. This is the first home mail for months. There ®.
® has been much adverse comment over, the lack of mail .facilities, and ®
® the army of occupation is rejoicing that letters have arrived at last. ®
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the. Herald teU
egraphs: No official information has
been .received, in Washington regarding
the intention of Aguinaldo to formally
inaugurate his so-called republic of. the
Philippines, at Malolos to-morrow and
issue a proclamation to the nations of
the world setting forth the intentions
of his government. It. is not believed,
however, by the officials of the admin
istration that either Admiral Dewey Or
General Otis will take any notice of
the proceedings at Malolos, or that they
will accept the invitations to witness
them. Should Aguinaldo issue his con
templated proclamation to the nations
of the world his action will .have no ef
fect whatever on the peace negotia
tions at Paris. The United States will
certainly not recognize Aguinaldo as
the head of an independent government
and it is not believed that any other
nation will do so. The war is still
technically in progress between Spain
and the United States, and if any third
i power should recognize the insurgents
as independent during the progress, of
the war and during the pendency of
negotiations to determine the disposi
tion of the territory claimed by the in
surgents either the United States or
Spain would have the right to regard
such recognition as a. hostile act. It
would certainly be so regarded by the
United States, and there is no fear here
that any nation in Europe will take a
step which could only be. intended to
JUDGE MAGUIRE
AT BAKERSFIELD
Fusion Nominee Rails
at Corporations.
SLANDERS HIS OPPONENTS
CONTINUES TO ASSERT THEY
ARE CORRUPT.
Repetition of the Charge That They
Are Creatures of the Southern
Pacific Railway Com
pany.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, Sept. 28.— Judge
Magi>lre, fusion candidate for Govern
or, addressed the people of Bakers
field this eveninp on the issues of the
i campaign. He arrived from Los An
! geles in company with E. L. Hutchin
i son shortly before 8 o'clock and at 8:45
was speaking. He spo.ke from a plat
form erected at the junction of Twen
tieth street and Chester avenue. The
nominee was listened to by a fair-sized
crowd and was given close attention
and but little a*^lause. He spoke
about two hours and a half.
Judge Maguire began by referring to
the contest as one between the classes
and the masses — the allied parties up
holding equal rights to all and the Re
publican party standing for Hannaism
and the monopolies, chief of which was
the Southern Pacific. He argued that
the Republican ticket was selected by
Southern Pacific influence. As proof
of this he cites, first, that the Southern
Pacific whistles blew when Gage re
turned home to Los Angeles; second,
the position of the Los Angeles Times;
third, that the ticket was published in
full in The Call before it was nomin
AMERICAN LOSSES IN
THE WAR WITH SPAIN
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— A Washington special to the Herald says-
Official reports received by the War Department from time to time'
giving the number of men and officers who have been killed or wound
ed, and who had died from disease in the army from the beginning
of the war up to August 31, show these figures, which are accurate
as far as reports have been received, and will be used by the Mili
tary Commission:
CASUALJTIES IN BATTLE
PLACE.
Porto Rico —
■
lilled -
bounded , #<
Manila —
0
4
3
36
lilled M
bounded ....'.
Cuba—
•
io
15
88
Ulled
bounded **"_
23
237
DEATHS FROM VARIOUS CAUSES.
Officers.
Men.
8
etc '....1.....
9
0
75
82
30
2150
These figures, which may be changed slightly by later official re
ports, show the total number of deaths in the army of 265 000 to have
been 2624, or a little less than 1 per cent
embarrass the United States and which
would probably lead to war. . .
SPAIN TO MAKE THE
BEST TERMS POSSIBLE
PARIS, Sept. 28.— The Gaulois says:
"In spite of the mystery surrounding:
the .matter we are able, from a high
source, to give an outline of the. posi
tion of both commissions. While the
Americans have instructions which are
much more precise than those of the
Spaniards, there is a diversity of opin
ion in regard to the Philippines. Sen
ator Gray is ' a very ardent Democrat,
and consequently belongs to the party
which repudiates expansion. He op
poses all annexation, and his opinion,
therefore, totally differs from that of
the other four commissioners, some of
whom would be content. with a coaling
station at the Philippines, possibly Ca
vite, while others, like Senator Davis,
advocate the annexation of the whole
archipelago."'
The Gaulois, however, believes that
tne Americans, by mutual concessions,
will come to an agreement, and that
they wiir be largely influenced by ;>su
jor General Merritt's reports on the sit
uation. The instructions to the Span
ish commission, according to the Gau
lois, are, briefly, to hold out and make
the best terms possible. Madrid is well
aware, it appears, that the conferences,
at the best, are only had to please the
Spanish people, and the. only hopes en
tertained are that the Americans will
not abuse the situation too much. Pop
ular sentiment in Spain, it is added,
thinks it. better to abandon the Philip
pine Islands than to keep them under
conditions rendering them ungovern
able. .*.•'■
ated; fourth, that all the men were
nominated that independent Republican
papers' opposed. "VVith this alleged
proof he concluded that some one out
side of the convention named the ticket
and therefore it must have been the
Southern Pacific, as it is a source 6f
political influence. :
The allied parties' position on the
railroad question, he said, was clear
and specific; the Republican position
vague. Democrats and Populists op
posed refunding; Republicans said the
question was settled.
He did not think any party had a
mortgage on the glory of the war. He
thought the war had a chapter of
shame, and that was the manner, in
which the civil authorities had con
ducted rt. He disposed of : territorial
expansion by saying his party agreed
with McKinley. He gave General
Barnes several hard knocks, speaking
of him as an attorney for the Southern
Pacific. • ■
Dixon's Republican Club.
DIXON, Bept. 28.— A Young Men's Repub
lican Club has been organized here. It
elected officers as follows: Judge W. W.
Foster, president; Dr. L. P. Hall, secre
tary; F. A. Hutton, treasurer. A large
list of names were enrolled. The member
ship Is confined to Republicans over 21
and under .45 years of age.
To Nominate a Senator.
WOODLAND, Sept. 2S.— The Yolo Coun
ty delegates will go to Marysville to-mor^
row to nominate a Democratic Joint Sen
atorial candidate for the district compris
ing Yolo, Su'tter and Yuba counties. The
delegation is about equally aivldr^l be
tween H. P. Stubler of Sutter County and
D. A. Oatrom of Yuba County.
Fusion Bally at Santa Ynez.
LOS OLIVOS. Sept. 28.— Messrs. Barlow,
Toland, Hoover and Miscall, fusion candi
dates for Congress, . Board of Equaliza
tion, Assembly and County Recoraer,-re
spectively, addressed a largo audience
at Santa Ynez last night.
VAN WYCK TO BE
NAMED FOR GOVERNOR
NEW YORK, Sept. 29.—Dis
patches from Syracuse early this
(Thursday) morning state that
the leaders at the Democratic
State Convention have decided to
nominate Justice Augustus Van
Wyck of Brooklyn, brother of
Mayor Van Wyck pf Greater
New York, for Governor.
HOT SHOT FOR
THE APOSTLE OF
THE SINGLE TAX
Gage and Barnes at
Riverside.
OUTPOURING OF REPUBLICANS
REPETITION OF THE RECENT
OVATIONS. :
Vast Assemblage Shows Keen Appre
ciation of the Logical Flaying
of the Demopopic
Nominee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, Sept. 28.— The tour of
Henry T. Gage and General W. H. L.
Barnes through Southern California
has aroused exceptional enthusiasm
among the rnasies. Popular ovations
which distinguished the speaking at
Santa Barbara, Ventura, San Bernar*
dino, San Diego and Santa Ana are
seldom witnessed in. other than a Pres
idential -campaign-. The ..multitudes
which assemble to hear the standard
bearer and the eloquent exponent of
Republican principles bring with them
Democrats, Populists and so-called Sil
ver Republicans.
Throughout Riverside and Orange
counties the people are aroused to the
dangers o-f Magiiireism and apprehend
that the election of the. fusion ticket
with Maguire at the head would bring
disaster- to' the State, In comparison
with which another dry season would
be but an incident. The fruit growers
and others of the industrial population
In the Santa Ana Valley are looking
forward with confidence, to a period of
great prosperity. Already many mort
gages have been lifted as the result of
toil arid economy, and inquiries con
cerning the Investment of capital for
the future development .of the great
resources of this region impart confi
dence. Men who have wxirked hard
to upbuild the State shudder at the
suggestion of a Muguire triumph and
the introduction of socialistic and sin
gle tax delusions in the affairs of Cali
fornia. The earnestness of the people
is manifested at every great demon
stration.
It is readily observed that Gage is
growing rapidly in popularity. People
hearing Him talk are convinced or his
sincerity. Any man who is sincere can
get a good hearing in these intelligent
and progressive cities of Southern Cali
fornia.
Another strong point in Gage's favor
is that he has never fattened at the
public crib. He never held a politi
cal office and never sought to hold one;
he never drew a dollar from the public
treasury. Industrious men who till the
orchard, run the farms and • pay the
taxes- necessary for the administration
of government view with distrust the
type of politician known as • the
"chronic office seeker" who lives on the
public and is never happy when- he is
not drawing a fat salary from the pub
lic treasury. Gage comes from the
people, and comes free from the taint
of persistent office holding.-
The reception accorded to Henry T.
Gage, W. H. L. Barnes and J. C. Need
ham, the Congressional . nominee, to
day and to-night, attest the enthusiasm
of the people ' of Riverside County.
Coming from the scene of a great out
pouring at Santa Ana, the standard
bearer and General Barnes arrived
shortly before noon at Riverside. At
the railway station they were received
by -a. delegation of leading citizens
headed by C. F. Huse, chairman of the
Republican County Central Committee,
and escorted to the Glenwood Tavern.
Gage Is still among his friends and
neighbors and soon many of them came
forward to grasp his hand. An intro
duction- to .General Barnes is seldom
necessary- If he does not know every
one, every one knows him.
The general is an alert, observer', and
picks up a vast deal of information on
his travels. He alights on many a fact
and incident which one not gifted with
rare power of discernment might pass
unnoticed. To-day he was the "first in
the party to discover that Riverside is
a prohibition city.
Early in the evening a train from
San Bernardino arrived bringing two
hundred active Republicans. Other
specials and the regular trains rein
forced the local ranks. As the hour of
7 o'clock drew near the people wended
their way to the Loririg Opera-house.
Shortly after the doors were thrown
open the spacious house was crowded.-
All the seats on the stage, the boxes
and the circles were occupied. The
standing room was. appropriated with-,
out delay.- On the street in front of the
Loring the Riverside City band played
patriotic and popular music. The en
thusiasm deepened as the throng in
creased. The people came from Colton,
Redlands, Ontario, Perrls, San Jacinto,
Elsinore, Corona and the country pre
cincts immediately surrounding River
side.
When Henry T. Gage;, accompanied
by General Barnes, J. C. Needham, I.
N. Blackstock, the nominee for Rail
way Commissioner, and Major Kyle
took their places on the stage the audi
ence gave three hearty cheers.
The meeting was called to . order by
C. F. Huse, chairman of the county
committee. The first feature of the ex
ercises was a song by the Republican
Silver-Tongued Quartet of colored
boys. The song, "Good Evening, Mr.
Gage. Arn't You Not Glad That You
A:e Living and Quite Well?" made a
decided hit and the singers — Fred
White, Will Blanton, Tom Wilson and
Peter Polk— were recalled. They sang
"Maguire Is a Foolish Man," with a
refrain, "Send Those Angels Down."
Captain M. J. Daniels was announced
as the chairman of the meeting. He
named the following vice-presidents:
San Bernardino — James Hiitchings,
Judge John L. Campbell, C. C. Has
kell, G. T. Copeland, James Fleming, T.
J. Fording, F. W. Richardson; Red
lands—H. H. Sinclair, R. C. Avery
George B. Ellis; H. B. Wilson; Colton—
C. B. Hamilton, E. D. Roberts; Ontario
— E. B. Powell; North Ontario— J. L..
Paul; Messina— E. C. Seymour; Ban
ning—C. O. Barker; High Grove-
George Riddle; Elsinore— A. C. Keith;
Corona— C. B. Webster, J. L. Merriam,
E. W. Freeman; Rincon— D. Durkee-
Moreno— S. C. Freefield; Perris— H. A.
Plimpton, J. C. Reiger; Menifee—Wil
liam Newport; San Jacinto— L. G. But
ler, A. G. Munn, William Vawter; West
Riverside — M. A. Alguire, A. G. Ratton-
Riverside— C. O. Alkire, B. F. Burt L
V. W. Brown, G. W. Garcelon, H.
Bantz, W. A. Hayt, G. E. Bittinger
William Mcßean, E. P. Clarke, J. G
North, William Collier, M. Estudlllo
Dr. Ruby, W. E. Keith, E. W. Holmes^
G. L. Farnham, S. L. Alderman.
In a speech, able and well timed,
Captain Daniels predicted Republican
triumph.
Hon. J. C. Needham was presented
to the audience as the first speaker of
the evening. The Congressional nomi
nee made a eood speech. Hia exorea
sions and his bearing won the favor of
his hearers.
When Mr. Gage, the standard-bear-r,
was presented the applause was mighty
and prolonged. He was introduced as
a man belonging to' the people.
Mr. Gage did not speak at great
length, as he was constrained by the
courtesies of the campaign to yt -Id
some of his time to the "Congressionui
nominee, who was advertised to- speak
here to-night. Many of the questions
elaborately discussed in the great San
Diego speech were dwelt upon to-night.
The single tax heresies advocated by
Maguire were review*** The people of
Riverside were thankd for the support
which their delegation gave to the
speaker in the nomin^ fi ng convention
at Sacramento.. Attention was Called
to Maguire's assault on the integrity
.and manhood of ' the Riverside dele
gates when he spoke of them as rail
road hirelings who were dominated at
Sacramento- by corruption. Said Mr.
Gage:
"1 would not assail the Democratic
convention 'which nominated Mr. Ma
guire. I say it is beneath the dignity
and .honor of any one seeking the high
office of Governor of this State to thus
brand his fellow-man."
The speech of Mr. Gage was more in
the nature of a frank and confidential
talk with his neighbors than a formal
address. He replied happily to the criti
cism concerning his clothes and his
habit of putting his hands into his own
pockets. He advised his critics to de
fer comment on his. clothing, until they
saw the suit he would wear at the in-
augural ball.
Maguire's war record was reviewed.
The records were quoted to show that
Maguire voted against the war revenue
measure and did not vote to allow the
gallant soldiers the right of suffrage in
the Held. Maguire's record on the rail
road settlement bill was presented to
the audience. They paid close atten
tion to the points brought out by Mr.
Gage. The statement of fact was sus
tained by the production of the Con
gressional Record. This expose of Ma
guire's position on the railroad settle
ment created a sensation here as it did
in San Diego, San Bernardino and
Santa Ana. Great applause folLowed
the exposure of Maguire's attempt to
blend the judgment of the people in
this matter. The attitude of Senator
Morgan and Senator White toward
what Maguire called an infamous bill
was cited.
In closing, Mr. Gage promised that if
elected Governor he would give the
people of California a clean, honest and
business-like administration. ■ The si
lence of the audience as Mr. Gage made
this pledge was solemn and impressive.
When he concluded the sentence there
was a- burst of applause. The audience
was impressed by his candor and sin
cerity.
The Silver Tongued Quartet sang
another song, "Good-by, Maguire,
Good-by." General Barnes was pre
sented to the vast assemblage as Cali
fornia's br'Hiant orator. The general
got great rounds of applause as he
arose to speak.
In masterly and eloquent fashion the
brilliant orator reviewed the platforms
of the parties and paid his respects to
the fusion nominee for Governor. He
quoted Maguire's language exalting the
nihilists as gentlemen holding uni
versity degrees. Reference was made
to Maguire's constant harping on the
single tax wherever he discussed any
measure in Congress, if there was a
proposition to build a lighthouse, Ma
guire introduced the single tax. The
inference was drawn that the "Little
Giant" and his followers would dwell
constantly on single tax if fusion
should succeed In California.
"If Maguire should be elected- and
after his .election die, oh, heavens and
earth! Hutchinson Governor of this
great commonwealth — think of that as
a possible calamity:"
The roars of laughter responsive to
this sally indicated the opinio.n which
I Republicans of Riverside entertain in
regard to the fusion candidate for
Lieutenant Governor. •
The fusion of .political elements in
the cause of Magruireism was t pro
j nouniced "an unholy alliance of office
hunters." Silver Republicans were
implored to return to the party of
Lincoln, Grant, Hayes, Harrison and
McKinley. The mention of McKinley's
name was always the signal for great
applause. Barnes was in a happy
mood throughout his eloquent ad
dress. He appreciated the refinement
and intelligence of the Riverside au
dience. He closed his masterly speech
with a tribute to the prosperity, pa
triotism and glory of California, a land
blessed with all the natural conditions
that contribute to the' happiness and
advancement of mankind.
Early to-morrow morning Mr. Gage
and General Barnes leave Riverside
for Los Angeles. The great meeting in
• the chief city of Southern California
to-morrow night will attract thousands
of people from surrounding towns.
ERNE OUTPOINTS
"KID" LAVIGNE
Has the Better of the
Contest.
THE SAGINAW BOY IN LUCK
BOTJT DECLARED A DRAW BY
STIPULATION.
Had the Men Not Agreed in Advance
Against a Decision on Points,
the Buffalo Lad Would
Have Won,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— "Kid" La
vigne, lightweight*. champion pugilist
of the world, came very near losing his
title to-night at the Greater New York
Athletic Club in a twenty-round bout
with Frank. Erne of Buffalo. Erne
proved a Tartar for the Saginaw boxer
who is not the Lavigne of three years
ago by any means.
Erne's wonderful improvement was a
surprise to the 7000 people who- wit
nessed the fight. He drew Lavigne to
him and sent back as good as he got
in many of the rounds, while in some
of them he outpointed the champion.
It was generally understood that a de
cision was to be given on points, and
the statement made at .the end of the
bout that both men had agreed to call
it a draw in the case that the men- were
good and strong at . the end of the
twentieth round was a source of keen
disappointment to a host ;of Erne's
friends,' who looked for a favorable de
cision. Had the bout been decided
upon points Erne certa' iy -wild
got the championship honors and the
E! nn 1 r> £ l lice of the * 50 °0 Puree which
tne_club hung up for the contest ■
. The men who aid odds of 3 to 1 on
Lavigne looked sick toward the end of
™f,j£ U P^ticularJy in the last ? two
K'- f^ Erne ■ was getting ,; the
better^ of | his opponent, and if the men
cr t e hi° m< eta l ain even money -wSSd
to'nuXt 11 !. 61 ; 8 " 16 ' on : his showing
™) g IV V, 8 ha me r£ championship al^
most at his mercy *
M?Cov S ?' r TW. Pa "second was " Kld "
McCoy. Jim".^ Corbett, - who was to
have ; seconded ; Lavigne, was unable to
&X", to injuries received
\n™ B^dw^St 1?!.1 ?!.^ 11 flght t0 ' day
PITCHED BATTLE
IN THE STREETS
Striking Miners Fight
Negroes.
PENA, ILL, IS TIE SCENE
SEVERAL HUNDRED SHOTS ARH
EXCHANGED.
Business Suspended in the Town and
an Appeal Made to Governor
Tannar to Send < c
Troops.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PANA. 111., Sept. 28.— Striking union
coal miners and imported negroes en
gaged in a pitched battle in the main
street of this town to-night. Several
hundred shots were exchanged, no one
was wounded in the ranks of the union,
men. The negroes were driven from
the city to their stockades, carrying
with them, it is believed, a number of
wounded comrades. One of the negroes
is reported to have died soon after
reaching the stockades.
Desultory firing continues at mid*
night in the vicinity of the stockades.
The trouble was precipitated at 8:30
o'clock this evening. As usual, the
negroes from the stockades at the
Springside and Penwell mines were
making demonstrations on Second and.
Locust streets, the principal business
streets of the city, by parading heavily
armed. The union miners were in ses
sion at their hall, where a Chicago
labor leader was speaking.
One of the negroes appeared at the
foot of the miners' hall and engaged In
a quarrel with a union white miner.
Officer Samuel Smith immediately ar
rested the black man and was escortinsr
him to jail, when he was closed in on
by a posse of negroes, who, pointing
their revolvers at Smith, threatened to
kill him if he did not release his pris
oner. Smith continued on his way to
the jail with his prisoner. Union min
ers and others meanwhile went to
Smith's assistance and the negroes
Wf-n driven back. Smith took his
prisoner to Operator George V. Pen
well's residence, and upon Penwell's
standing fur the negro's fine he was
released.
Before Smith had released his pris
oner, however, the negro posse had
been reinforced and assumed a threat
ening attitude toward the white men.
David MeGavic, leader of the union
miners, clubbed one of the blacks on
| the head ' ith a revolver, it is said. For
: half a block MeGavic forced the ne
groes to retreat, and then a few shots
were fired. The negroes retreated
■double quick to their stockades, se
cured . rifles, returned to Locust street
and' challenged the miners to a fight.
The opposing forces lined up on the
street, the negroes with Winchesters
and the miners with shotguns, rifles
I and revolvers. Neighboring business
! houses were immediately closed, lights
extinguished and citizens generally
sought their homes. At the word of
command firing commenced. The first
j volley, it is said, came from the ne-
I groes. The union men responded wim
a volley, and the heavy firing continued
for five minutes. Much of the shooting
\ was wild and entirely harmless to the
j white men, who finally drove the
enemy in full retreat to the stockades.
A second encounter between whites
i and blacks occurred at the mines after
I the first battle near Penwell stockade,
! but the firing was scattered, and it is
not believed to have been a serious
engagement. The miners had full
charge of the business streets at mid
night. Desultory rifle reports could be
I heard from the Penwell and Springside
stockades, but no person would ven
ture into the streets near the mines,
and very few are loitering about the
business or residence sections.
The union miners say the battle to
night is only a foretaste of what may
be expected to follow.
Governor Tanner will be asked to
send the militia to protect property in
this city and remove the negroes.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sept Stmr CuracafV
i hence Sept :24.: 24. Sailed Sept 28— Stmr Fulton, '
' for . • . . . '
PORT LCDLOW- Sailed Sept 28— Stmr Sa- :
moa, for San Francisco.
FORT BLAKELEY- Arrived Sept 28— Ital
bark Cavour, from Port Townsend.
ARRIVED.
• ■ Wednesday, September 28.
•Btmr NeVburgr, Hansen, 14 hours from Fort •
Bragg;
.Schr Guide, Olsen, 36 hours from Crescent
City.
SAILED.
Wednesday, September M.
Stmr Brunswick. Andresen. for Eureka.
Be Weal
Ma Mftpp I For you m * ma3ft
11.U.'-lflUly • strong and vigorous
and manly, just as you are now weak,
and flabby and puny. A new hope is offered
to you — a wonderful cure. The doctors of
the great Hudson Medical Institute can cure
you. Are you suffering from Nervousness,
Nervous . Debility; Weakness, Exhausted
Nervous Vitality, Nervous Prostration,
Sleeplessness, Despondency, Mental De-
pression, Hysteria, Paralysis, Numbness,
i Trembling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in
| Side and Back, Apoplexy, Epileptic Fits, Si.
I Vitas' Dance,' Palpitation of the Heart, Nerv-
| ous and Sick Headache, Nervous Dyspepsia,
Indigestion, Loss of Appetite, Constipation
and all Nervous Affections? YOU CAM
|BE CURED. Call or write for New Cir-
culars.
The New Treatment Cures
Nervousness, Weakness, Exhausted Vitality,
Nervous ■ Prostration, Sleeplessness, Despond-
ency. The new treatment cures. Call to
the Institute or write for New Circulars.
Huflson ißdicul Mil,
T Ellis, Sftcttofi and Market
**O»" Cures Catarrh. Are you a Sufferer*SOLDIERS' HOME
GOVERNOR SHOT
BY AN INMATE
Attempt to Murder Colonel (3r>
drew J. Smith at Santa
MoQica.
Five Bullets fired Into His Body by a War
Veterao Who fancied t\e Had a
Grievance.
LOS ANGELES, Sept 2S.— Andrew J.
Smith, governor of the Pacific branch
of the National Home for disabled sol
diers, lies at his home at the point of
death with five bullets from the revol
ver of a would-be assassin in his body.
He may live, but three of the bullet
wounds are serious. He is of advanced
age, but he has a strong physique.
The assassin who attempted to take
the life of Governor Smith Is Albert G.
Bradley, a native of Vermont, aged 57.
He served during the "War of the Re
bellion In the Second Vermont Infan
try. He was admitted to the home
first in 1593; was discharged In 1596, and
readmitted in 1897. He has also twice
been an inmate of the State Home for
disabled veterans, located at Yount
ville. There is no question, at least
among those who know him best, a»
to Bradley's sanity. He was a pecu
liarly moody person and had a very
vicious temper, of which he gave fre
quent exhibitions among his comrades.
At &:45 this morning Governor Smith
had just completed his daily Inspec
tion of the quarters and grounds of the
home. Alter he left the guardhouse
he started for the headquarters build
ing to sign some papers. Just as he
wus about to enter the buiidnig from
the rear, Bradley, ■who evidently had
lying In ambush for him, passed
bmith ana stepped to one side. As he
did so he drew his revolver and opened
lire upon Governor Smith.
As rapidly as he could he emptied
the five chambers of a 38-caJiber re
volver into Governor Smith's body.
The first two shots were fired almost
together; then there was an interval 'ot
several seconds and the remaining
three shuts -.»»jre fired.
When the shots were fired the vic
tim was about thirty feet from the
steps of the headquarters building. He
did not fall, but walked on. Major
W. D. Graham and Orderly Pottle at
the Bound of the first shot ran to the
back porch. Graham carried Governor
Smith inside and Pottle secured the
murderer, who was taken to the guard
house.
The home surgeons made an exami
nation and found that one bullet had
passed through Smith's right arm be
tween the ahuuider and elbow; another
d through the right thigh and
came QUt at the groin; a. third entered
the back Just below the shoulder blade.
Two bullets have not been located.
Governor Smith suiTered much pain
during the .entire day and to-night his
]!:'•■ hangs in the balance.
As soon as the intelligence of Brad
ley'a awful deed became noised about
the home, the veterans manifested In
tense feeling. Bradley was not popu
lar with any of them. He was always
very bitter against those In authority
and had anarchistic views. After he
had been lodged in the guardhouse
threats of lynching were heard on all
sides. A Santa Monica officer was
called and Bradley was brought to the
County Jail in this city for safe keep-
Ing.
He was seen this evening by The
Call correspondent. He seemed, to re
alize fully the consequences of his act
and appeared to be somewhat repent
ant. All he would say was that he
must have been crazy when he fired
the shots and that he was sorry.
Just after he had unloaded his revol
ver into his victim he talked differently.
He said then that he was sorry he had
not killed him, for that was what he
intended to do.
Bradley's victim was a brigadier gen
eral of volunteers during the civil war.
"When Morgan's threatened raid fright
ened all Northern Ohio General Smith
and his New York brigade were sta
tioned at Johnsons Island, off the city
of Sandusky, to prevent possible release
of Confederate prisoners of war con
fined there. In 1867 he became connected
with National Soldiers' Homes, first
being stationed at the Maine Home. He
was transferred later to Leavenworth.
About two years ago he was placed in
charge here.
Governor Smith had trouble at
Leavonworth with a few inmates,
which was dignified by a Congressional
investigation owing to the bitter op
position and personal ill feeling of
Congressmen R. W. Blue and Case
Broderick of Kansas. He was exon
erated.
Last November The. Call correspond
ent devoted two days to an investiga
tion of the complaints made by some
twenty-five of the 2200 inmates of the
home at Santa Monica. About fifty
veterans were interviewed at random.
Only two had any complaints to make
and they were of the most trivial char
acter. Governor Smith was then seen
and he gave the correspondent carte
blanche to inspect or examine any de*
partment Of the home or ; to interview
any and all inmates if he desired. He
paid that he had issued orders against
pictures b»ing put on the waLls of the
quarters as men sometimes placed vul
gar and obscene photographs and litho
graphs on the walls. He had also re
quir.-tj of the inmates that they at all
tinr-s keep their quarters clean and
neat.
Absolutely nothing could be found
upon which to base a reasonable charge
against Governor Smith. But a Los
Angeles paper opened up Its columns to'
the "kicking" inmates and printed.col
umns <>f matter written by the inmates
about Governor Smith's management,
claiming It wae tyrannical and that he
used autocratic powers. Thers was no
verification of these statements and al
most to a man the inmates exonerated
the governor. Yet the paper referred
to continued to print diatribes against
Smith, giving publicity in that line to
all tiiat was Bent in to it. Some few
veterans finally believed they did have
a grievance and were very bitter
toward Smith. The result was the at
tempted assassination to-day. Smith
did not know Bradtey and had never
reprimanded him. Bradley had never
been in the guardhouse.
Smith will not die to-night. His
greatest danger is from blood poison
ing.
GOVERNOR SMITH'S
PREVIOUS TROUBLES
" LEAVENWORTH, Kas., Sept. 28.—
Governor Smith was in charge of the
National Home at Leavenworth for
many years. Early on the morning of
June 11, 1897, his residence on tho
home groiinds at Leavenworth was
wrecked by dynamite. The Governor,
bis wlfo and daughter, were In the
house, but escaped with minor Injuries.
The crime was traced to a veteran, Jo
seph W. Oliver, a member of the home,
and he was convicted.
.Governor Smith's administration at
the Leavenworth hc-me was marked by
many troubles. Through the efforts of
Richard W. Blue, then a member of
Congress from Kansas, the management
of the home was investigated by
a committee from the House of Rep
resentatives. Many charges were pre
ferred, against Governor Smith, but the
investigation resulted in no more than
his transfer to the. governorship of the
Pacific branch, where he was wounded
to-day.
The charges acrainst Governor Smith
that led to the investigation were prin
cipally mistreatment of the old soldiers.
It was said that he confined riien in the
insane wards of the hospital without
previous, examination by the surgeon;
that he maintained a police system
cruel in the extreme, and that he forced
men to taite the gold treatment for
drunkenness against their will: Colonel
Sidney G. Cooke of Herrington, . Kas.,
the local manager, testified that he had
ordered Governor Smith to discharge
brutal police-officers and to cease the
system of forcing the soldiers to take
the cure for drunkenness. The order,
lw said, had been disobeyed. Later
Colonel Cooke stated that he had in
vestigated some complaints made by
pensioners that their pensions had been
withheld from them by order of the
Governor and against the law. He had
ordered this to cease and had been
obeyed. An investigation of this had
also been made by ex-Governor Glick,
Pension Commissioner. Governor Smith
had been let off with a reprimand. Fur
ther charges against the governing of
the Soldiers' Home were made that he
had abused and insulted officers und?r
him, had caused men carried on Gov
ernment d«v rolls to do chores about,
his house and had turned Government
property aver to his. own private use.
Before becoming governor of the
Leavenworth Home. Smith was for
three years treasurer of the National
Soldiers' Home at To-gas, Me. Charges
preferred against him th*»re by the gov
ernor of that home led to his transfer
in ISSS to Leavenworth.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Among Volunteers in the
Pacific Department Ordered
by the War Office.
WASHINGTON', Sept. 2S.— By direction
of the Assistant Secretary of War the.
following named enlisted, men will, be
discharged from the service of the'
United States: Private Nat C. Itickey,
Company B, First Tennessee Volunteer
Infantry, how at Manila; Private Edwin
R. Watson, Hospital Corps, now at Ma
nila. These soldiers are entitled to travel
pay. The leave of absence heretofore
granted Captain Theodore Rethers, ■ as
sjstant surgeon First California ' Volu
nteer Infantry, is extended to include Oc-'
tuber 2*. Captain Rethers, having ten
dered his resignation, is honorably dis
charged from the service of the I'nited
States, to take effect upon the. expira
tion of the leave of absence granted him.
Private Wil.lfam G. Needham, Troop B,
Fourth Cavalry, Presidio, will be dis
charged from the service of the United
States by tho commanding' officer of his
station. Major Samuel D. Sturgls, as
sistant adjutant general of United States,
volunteers, will proceed from San Fran
cisco to St. Paul, Minn., and report In
person to the commanding general of the
Department of Dakota for assignment to
temporary duty.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California — Increase: Thomas Dwver,
Veterans' Home, Napa. $6 to $8. Original
widows, etc.— Sophrona Sholes, Fortuna,
$8; Fanny M. Milllron, San Diego, fB.
Washington— Reissue: James Van Ku
ren. Port Angeles, $30.
Postmasters for the Pacific Coast have
been appointed as follows:
Oregon— Crabtree, Linn County, John
M. Kutch, vice W. J. Turnige, resigned;
Lorte Rock. Gilliam County, Perry L.
Ham, vice Martha Hogan, resigned; Mac-
Leary, Marion County, R. W. Craig, vice
John" Craig, resigned; Seaside, Clatsop
County. Sherman Case, vice John H. Jot
hannsen, removed.
Washington— llwaco, Pacific County,
John W. Howerton, vice Lewis E. John
son, resigned.
DYNAMITE EXPLOSION
CAUSES THREE DEATHS
Disaster at a Camp Occupied by La-
borers Near New What
com, Wash.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Sept. 28.— 8y
an explosion of what Is thought to have
been dynamite at Gee's Camp, near Fern
dale, this county, three jnen lost their
lives and two more will die. The dead
are:
MIKE GEE JR.
■ SWANSON, a small son of the
cook.
Fatally injured: Dan Lanstrom and the
camp cook, name unknown.
These are the ln.tf?st advices to the Seat
tle Times' correspondent here and are au
thentic.
The explosion occurred seventeen miles
from telegraphic communication and no
further news will reach here before morn-
Ing. The scene of. the explosion is about a
half mile from Custer, a small. Inland
town on the line of the Great Northern
Railroad.
The camp is the home of the men en
gaged in the clearing of a right-of-way
for the plank road between this city and
Blame. The explosion is thought to have
been caused by dynamite being placed in
the oven to dry and which became over
heated, resulting in the terrible disaster.
SERIOUS INSURRECTION
OF JAMAICA MAROONS
Seizure of Valuable Properties Be
longing to English Pro
prietors.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 28.—Ma
roons on the coa«t line are. rising and are
taking possession of valuable properties
be'onging to English proprietors and
threatening to hold them by force. There
are fears of a serious Insurrection, and
the Government Is making preparations to
cope with it. Some of the residents of
the threatened districts have sought safe
ty in the city. The Maroons are the
descendants of negroes who fled to the
mountains when the British took posses
sion of Jamaica.-
Shoemaker Commits Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 28.— George B.
True, a shoemaker, residing at his sister's
In this city, committed suicide to-day by
shooting himself in the head. Ho was a
single man and was ill.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1C23 Mission.
THE SAN FKAS CISCO CALL, THTJESBAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
DIVERS FIND A CLEW
TO BROOKS' MURDERER
SAUSALITO, Sept. 28.— An important clew that may lead to the detection
of the man or men who murdered Captain J. Moss Brooks on the yacht
Chispa last Friday night came into the possession of the county author
ities to-day. It was a coat found by a diver at the bottom of the bay dl-
rectly under the yacht. In the pockets of this garment two letters were
discovered. That these missives are of the greatest importance and that
they have given the authorities a fair idea as to the identity of the assassin
appears certain. The letters were read by District Attorney Ivlartinelli and
Sheriff Harrison In private. After th- reading there was a long conference,
at which plans to be pursued in view of the discovery were formulated.
The officials carefully guarded their find and absolutely refused to give
the slightest information regarding its. bearing on the case. In fact so great
was their reticence that it gave the impression that they believe the mys
?--v of the murder Is effectually cleared and that through the medium of
the coat and the letters it contained the murderer of the old yachtsman
\ v- i 1 1 soon be brought to justice.
Last night the Board of Town Trustees held a special meeting and by
resolution called upon Sheriff. Harrison and District Attorney Martinelli to
employ a diver on behalf of the county and see if anything could be found
tending to prove the identity of the murderers. . Prior to this Vrustee- Sylva
had- a conference with the officials. The result was that the services of a
San Francisco diver named Roach were engaged and at 1 o'clock this after
noon he was on hand with a number of assistants to begin work.
The bottom of the bay for about fifty feet around the boat was thor
oughly explored. The bottom proved to.be fairly hard, with only a thin
deposit of mud. Nothing of importance besides the coat was found.
To-morrow the diver will continue his work, and the authorities are san
guine that further clews will be found.
The remains of Captain Brooks were interred i-n the Sausallto Cemtery
this afternoon. The funeral was held under the auspices of the Ancient
Order of Foresters and a large cortege proceeded to the place of interment.
"LOST ROCKER"
IS RE-LOCATED
Fabulously Rich Dig
gings in Alaska.
THE GROUND FULL OF GOLD
ONE OF THE ORIGINAL LOCA
TORS KILLED BY INDIANS.
The Survivor While Dying Gave the
Secret to a Friend, Tfrho Is Said
to Have Unearthed tho
Claim. : . ■
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Sept. 23.— The re
gion around the central location, Lake
Atlln, of the new placer diggings on
Pine and other creeks Is becoming one
of unlooked-for possibilities. R. D.
Knapp, the Unique prospector who
went in over the divide with only five
hams, a towel and a cake of tar soap,
aii of which have long, ago been con
sumed, avers that he met a prospector
named Jenks, who discovered and ac
tually slept In the cabin of the "Lost
Rocker" mine.
The "Lost Rocker" placer mine is one
of the traditions of Alaska. It is fabu
lously rich. Men have hunted in vain
for it for nearly twenty-eight years.
There is an old miner and frontier
practitioner here, Loc Mulcahy, who
now keeps a beer saloon with kegs ar
rayed around the end of the place like
the muzzles of the 12-inch guns off
Santiago de Cuba harbor, who has gone
broke three times in trying to find it.
Not an old miner in Alaska but has
heard about it. Many more would have
s' -rted out for it if they had known in
what direction to take or make a trail.
The story of the "Lost Rocker," re
duced to daily newsparer length, is as
follows: Not a mining State, Territory
Oi district is there that has not had its
"Lost Cabin," "Lost Mountain," "Lost
Trail," or lost something-else mine.
1..1s is Alaska's and It is peculiarly
Alaskan:
In the spring of 1874 two miners left
Sltka on a prospecting expedition. They
took a course to the southeast, intending
to look at some creeks on the islands
lying on their route before touching
the mainland. They prospected the
mouths of several creeks on Baranoff,
Chichagoff and Admiralty islands, three
of the largest islands in the Southeast
ern Alaska archipelago, and finding no
indications worthy of further explora
tion there pulled down Chatham Straits
and then across toward the mainland.
Tl.ere, being overtaken by a storm,
they were driven ashore in their small
boat at the mouth of a large creek.
After having made camp in a protected
nook . they looked about them. They
noticed that the bed of the creek was
strewn with quartz. Next morning they
set to work panning out the gravel of
the stream and were elated at finding
it would pay. But as the gold was very
fine they supposed that by following up
the stream they would find it in coarser
quantities. Caching all their supplies
except the small portion needed for a
short trip into the Interior they started
up the creek. Two days' travel over
bowlders and- through underbrush
brought them to the crest of a divide.
Below a short distance in a basin lay
a beautiful little lake. A small stream
was geen emptying into it from the
west- and another stream llowing out
of it to the north was its outlet. The
prospectors descended and camped that
night on the margin of the lake. Again
they found gold. " it was in the gravel
Of the feeder running in- from the west.
Here was their fortune.- As they pros
pected this stream they found that
every panful of gravel yielded half a
spoonful of coarse gold, and some nug
gets were found weighing as much. as
an ounce. The little stream was fed by
glaciers and snow banks above. No
time was lost in making a rocker arid
the two gold-hunters were soon rock
ing out a golden stream as grain flows
out of a hopper. . They worked indus
triously for two weeks and must have
had several hundred- thousand dollars'
worth of dust and nuggets. Occasional
trips were made to the cache at the
beach near the mouth of the creek for
supplies without a single thought of.
danger.
At noon one day, as' they were, leav
ing work to prepare dinner, they were
tired upon by Indians. These Indians
have- always been thought to be either
Sticks or Chilkats, the two fiercest
tribes in Southeastern Alaska. The
Sticks or' Thinklets inhabit the interior
from the Lake Teslin basin to the coast
range of mountains. Apparently the
Indians were after the provisions aiid
other supplies, and not the gold:
One of the miners was killed instant
ly. . The other, uninjured, sprang into
the woods and was out of sight before
a second volley could be fired. Cut
off from the camp by the lake, he made
haste ..to the canoe and remainder of
the cache near the beach. He hastily
re-embarked with a quantity of pro
visions, intending to go back to Sitka
and return to the diggings with a large
party. But he lost his bearings, as
the sky in Alaska Is often obscure by
fogs for days at a time. Instead of
pulling for Sitka he took a southerly
course toward Victoria. He was picked
up by a passing ship and finally land
ed at Port Townsend. He had about
$1500 in nuggets in his pockets.
The next spring he returned to Sitka
and made up a party to return with
him to the bonanza by the lake. -At
this point the story becomes slightly
confused, for it is known to be a fact
that a party did leave Victoria in the
spring of 1875, in search of a lost Alaska
mine. . When the party arrived at a
poiht below Taku Inlet, about where
the settlement of Shuck Is now located,
the miner pointed it out as the place
where he and his partner had landed
and cached their stuff a year before.
Finding no big pay on the first creek,
as the guide thought there was, the
party became enraged and threatened
to hang him to the main boom of the
ichooner, for quite an expedition had
been fitted out. It seems- that the
miner and guide had not yet mentioned
the bonanza by the lake for reasons of
his own. Not fearing the gibbet after
the threat he kept the secret to him
self, and the party sailed to Sitka
empty handed.
Scarcely a season has since come that
some prospector has not started out in
hopes of finding the "Lost Rocker"
mine. Rewards have been offered the
natives up and down the coast to re
veal the place, but probably through
fear of being implicated and punished
for the murder they profess to know
nothing'about it.
Jenka is said to have made a map of
his trail to the place, -so he may be cer
tain of finding his way back. He Is
the only man who has introduced a
cabin into the story. If he has found
the place he has doubtless staked all
the ground the law allows. He mys
teriously describes the location as be
tween Lake Teslin and Lake Atlln.
CORBETT DISABLED
IN A BRIEF CLASH
WITH "KID" McCOY
Exciting Argument in Which Fists
and Feet Play an Important
Part.
Ex-Champion Lands on the Younger Man's
Countenance and Receives a Kick in
Return.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— Without the
customary formalities of padded gloves
and the roped arena, two distinguished
aspirants for the heavyweight cham
pionship met to-day in a preliminary
engagement. For one brief, thrilling
round, James J. Corbett and Charles
McCoy, better known as "Kid," de
lighted the bell boys and shocked the
clo-iks of the Gilsey House, and then
went their ways, breathing threaten
ings and slaughter. Championship
honors are still in abeyance.-
Corbett took breakfast in the cafe of
the Gilsey House with George F. Consi
dine, his manager. The meal. was fin
ished about a quarter after 8 o'clock
and the men strolled into the wide cor
ridors. Corbett stepped up to the. cigar
stand and lighted. a. cigar. As he turn
ed away, Considine noticed that his
face bore a smile of deep contempt.
Only one thing could call up that ex
pression — McCoy had just entered, the
hotel with W. B. Gray, a man named
Nugent and several other friends.
The bell boy with a pitcher stopped
in his mad career toward the elevator
.and trembled with joyful anticipation
uinil the ice rattled. McCoys forces
advanced in good order and deployed
around Corbett and Considine. The ci
gar man leaned over the counter and
patrons on plush seals forgot their pa
pers. The brows of the gentlemen pu
gilists were terrible to look upon.
There was- a conversation between
Corbett and Gray, who is interested in !
the Hawthorne Club, where- Corbett
and McCoy' are billed to tight on Octo
ber lv. .Corbett set forth with great
emphasis his views or" the sincerity,
finances and repute of the organization,
the same, as might be expected, being
a tender subject with Mr. Gray. The
conversation became an argument and
then a dispute.
"You dqn't want to fight McCoy,"
declared Gray, finally, and the young
man named permitted himself to sneer
effectually.
"You're a nice looking .monkey," said
Corbett, following the approved rules
of etiquette laid down for gentlemen
pugilists.
It may never be known whether the
"Kid" took offense at the -word "mon
key ' or me apparently ironical asser
tion that he was "nice 10-oking." ' But
his ' feelings were deeply hurt. He
lunged forward and smote the $4 derby
of Mr. Corbett so th.at it was jammed
down oh his forehead.
McCoy's arm was still' outstretched
when something hit him under' the
right eye. This was Corbett's fist. .;
"I'll tight him here or anywhere," said
Corbett, continuing the conversation.
The patrons and hotel attaches
crowded around him, begging him . to
spare the reputation of the house. Mr;
McCoy, however, was determined to
prove his gentility. He swung his foot
gracefully and with force and landed it
against Corbett's frame.
"I ain't no monkey!'" he shouted.
The peacemakers renewed their ef
forts and the crowd surged about the
lobby. . Henry Gilsey, owner of the
house, rushed up.
"Do you know what you men are' do
ing?" he. cried to Corbett. "You're wel
come here, but this row must stop."
".Out of consideration for you," said
Corhett, "I will .leave the hotel."
McCoy and his friends had disap
peared, by this time, and Corbett and
Considine went to' the latte'r's place,
leaving the witnesses of the encounter
to discuss it with varying emotions.
Corbett was in bed when I saw him
an hour later at Co-nsidine's. The doc
tor had bandaged a bruise which he
said was made by McCoy's kick. Ac
cording to'.Dr; Pettlngill, who attended
Corbett, it will be a day or two before
the injured pugilist will be able to
move about with comfort.
Corbett, when asked about the affair,
said:
"McCoy kicked me and the imprint
of his shoe appears on my body. It
was a cowardly act and shows that Mc-
Coy has no desire to meet me in the
ring with all things equal. McCoy
attacked me, and I, .wishing to act the
part of a gentleman, made no attempt
to defend myself until too late.
"The whole trouble started over my
discovery of the deception of McCoy,
Gray and the Buffalo Athletic Club
over McCoy's forfeit money of $2500.
When the articles of agreement be
tween McCoy and myself, were signed, I
posted "5-2500 forfeit money with Al
Smith and supposed that McCoy had
done likewise. When I asked Mr.
Smith if he would turn over to me Mc-
Coy's forfeit money in the event of the
'Kid' flunking out of the Buffalo match
he amazed me by saying he had no
money belonging to McCoy. Smith
said he, however, had a letter alleged
to have been written by the president
of the Hawthorne Athletic Club, in
which he stated that his organization
would be responsible for McCoy's for
feit. I referred the letter to Nugent,
manager of the Hawthorne, who was
present, and he said that the officials
of the club had never authorized the
issuance of the letter in question, and
that made me mad clean through, and
I gave Gray and McCoy my opinion of
men who would practice . such under
hand methods. Then Gray spoke up
and said:
" 'You are afraid to fight and are try
ing to crawl.'
"I replied that I would fight McCoy
in any part of the world— right there
if necessary.- Then out shot the Kid's
left hand leg, and here I am."
McCoy gave an entirely different ver
sion of the clash and the causes
thereof.
"Gorbett," said McCoy, "was looking
for trouble and I reckon that he got
more than he bargained for. He started
things moving for a fight by insulting
Gray and myself. He called me . a
monkey and said that I was afraid to
meet him in the ring. I told him that
in view of the fact that our match was
scheduled to take place in Buffalo on
October 15 his remarks were a trifle
premature, and I accused him of try
ing to break his match with me so that
he could arrange a contest with some
other pugilist less dangerous than my
self. He swore and cursed me roundly,
but. wishing to avoid a scene, I con
trolled myself until he said:
" *I will fight you right here If you
think I fear you.'
"Then he made a menacing move
with his left hand. Believing that my
welfare was in danger I promptly let
fly my left and smashed him good and
hard on the head and face.
"Then George Considine, Corbett's
manager, and several others grabbed
me," continued the "Kid," "and Cor
bett started for me. Being helpless I
crossed my arms over my face and
met- Corbett's rush with my knee.
Then it was all over. I was too quick
for Corbett with my left at the begin
ning and spoiled the fine grand-stand
play he had planned. He tried to in
timidate me by making wild cracks
and impugning my courage, but I guess
he knows by this time that I can take
care of myself in any kind of company.'
Corbett thought to scare Fitzslmmons
the same way In Green's Hotel in
Philadelphia when going to the match
in Carson City, but it didn't work and
it doesn't go with me. Corbett will tlnd
.out some day, if he hasn't done so al
ready, that there is only one place for
a pugilist to win battles and that is in
the prize ring."
• ■It is the general opinion in sporting
circles that the Buffalo Club will be
unable to pull the match ofT and that
Corbett and McCoy will not again get
as near to a fight as they did to-day
in the Gilsey House.
LITTLE ROMANCE
OF THE KLONDIKE
Return of a Miner With Gold Fol-
lowed by His Remarriage to
a Divorced Wife.
MACOX, Mo., Sept. 28.— A romance of
the .Klondike was revealed here to-day in
the office of the County Clerk. About a
year ago M. B. Ayers, a . prosperous
stock man, sold out his holding's here and
went to the gold fields,- despite the pro
tests of his wife.
Mrs. Ayers, who is young and good
looking, became convinced, that she would
never see her husband again and she at
once applied for a divorce. In March last
a decree was granted on her plea of aban
donment. .
When Mr. Avers returned from the gold
fields last week he brought $20,000 In gold
dust, his profits in a deal in a mining
claim near Dawson. But instead of find
ing a yearning wife awaiting him. he was
confronted by her decree of divorce. The
Klondiker would not be put off, however,
sought out his ex-wife, showed her the
color of his gold dust,, insisted that his
intentions had always been right, and as
an outcome a license was issued to-day
for the remarriage of the divorced couple.
WILL MEET AT STOCKTON.
General Congregational Association
of Northern California.
STOCKTON, Sept. 28.— The General As
sociation of the Congregational Church
of Northern California and Nevada will
meet in this city from October 4 to 7 in
clusive. Great preparations are being
nvade to meet the wants of the visitors,
Qf whom there w ; ill be o'v • 300 represent
atives from all churches, as well as
friends they may bring with them. The
ladies have In charge the matter of re
ceiving and- caring for the guests, and are
making arangements with hotels and pri
vate families for the comfort of the
strangers.
The meeting of the General Associa
tion is an event of much importance, and
is held every two years.- The last gath
ering convened in Santa Rosa, me as
sembly was held in this city in IS7I and
again in 1884.
British Ship Missing.
LONDON, Sept. 28.— The British ship
MKradale of Liverpool, 1185 tons, Captain
Wettem, which sailed from Newcastle,
N. S. W., on April 30, for Callao, has been
posted at Lloyds as missing.. . .
AD VEB.TISEMENI S.
AN ENGINEER CURED.
A WeMnown Engineer of San Francisco Cured by Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
' . .^gTJfck There are over 10,000 men -who sing the
Jp^^f^L praises of Dr. Sanden. They are men who
Si iave en te( * *° 9 nes * pinnacle of
l|l*s^* "tlP^i manly vigor by his famous Electric Belt.
4 V** JbkJEj - e7e 7 are *° f° un( * n every town and
4|L **£* $#jWOiL- hamlet in the West. . There is not a town
'y^^f^^^ on 9 ac^ c oast u^ as fr° m one *°
twenty cures by this great strengthened
'^^Ml^^filfMf^ There must k sometllin £ in a stem of
•MpPf / IWfiP' treatment that can show such cures as
SAN FRANCISCO.
DR. SANDEN— Sir: I am willing to testify to the grand results I have re-
ceived from following your advice and the use of your "Dr. Sanden Electric Belt." I
am an engineer on the Southern Pacific Railroad, and have been suffering greatly for
the last three or foiir years with lumbago, dizziness, faint and blind spells and a gen-
eral broken-down feeling, which made it almost impossible for me to make my run,
which Is one of the longest on the road. I was advised to tr- one of your Belts, and
did bo It has completely cured me of all my troubles after two months' use, and I
can now make my run with the greatest ease. I have never had a pain or a bad feel-
Ing after five days' use of the Belt, and I have • Te life in me now than I have had
for years. On meeting my friends they always congratulate me on looking bo well.
I always feel better and livelier than those around me. T will always advise ■> my
friends who are suffering as I was to try your Belt, for I can lay my restoration to
-our Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. . J. J. ROCKWELL, • 2122 Howard • street.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
: There !is nothing so penetrating, nothing so invigorating, nothing
that will relieve weakness and pain as speedily and surely as Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt. It is simple, but grand. It assists nature by a
general reinforcement of the vital energy, by infusing a mild, invigorat-
ing current of electricity into the nerves and by supplying the system
with the. very essence of nerve vigor and nerve strength. Dr. Sanden
applies his Belt in a manner taught him by years of successful prac-
tice. Electricity applied properly is a grand remedy for all weakness.
If yqu have Rheumatism, Lame Back, Sciatica, Lumbago or weakness
in the nerves or vital organs, you ought to consult Dr. Sanden. He
will tell you whether his Belt will cure you and give you his advice
free. Call arid- test the powerful current this wonderful Belt gives, and
see how easily it is regulated. • Don't be ignorant of a remedy which
may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness.
If you cannot call send for Dr. Sanden's famous book, "Three Classes
of Men," devoted to the weakness of men; tells the cause of early de-
cay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how electricity properly
applied will restore this power, and gives the proof. Send for it to-day.
It is free. A call preferred. Call or address,
DR. A. T.SANDEN, '*— ~— — 'M -*
TO! Xuktt Btreat. Oornir K«»rn 7 , San rraa«iso>. HOT IN DRUG STORES.
Office hours, Ba. m. to 8 p. m. : Sundays, 10 '; : ~—"~ — "
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West Dr - Sanden Electric Belt
Second Btreet; Portland. Or.. 253 Washington Is never sold in drug stores
street: Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street: • nor by traveling agents; only
Dallas. Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, Mont - at our office.
110 North j Main street. • — <X
RECONCENTRADOS
HAVE ALL GONE
God Only Knows Where,
Says Congosto.
UNFORTUNATES ARE DEAD
SMILING STATEMENT OF THE
SPANISH OFFICIAL.
The Colonial Secretary Reaches New
York anL Talks of the Condi
tion of Affair- in
Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— Amongf th«
passengers who arrived to-day on the
steamer City of Washington from Ha
vana were Dr. Jose Congosto, Colonial
Secretary of Cuba, and Captain Fred
Sharp, the latter of the Merritt &
Chapman Wrecking Company.
Dr. Congosto was asked as to the
condition of the reconcentrados.
"There are no reconcentrados now,"
he answered with a smile.
"What has become of them?" was
the next question.
"Tliey're gone."
"Where?"
"God knows," was the reply.
"Do you mean to say that they are
all dead?"
"That probably explains It better
than I can. It is a subject which I pre
fer not to disouss."
When asked as to the establishment
of anew navy for Spain, Dr. Congosto
said:
"Spain is still a great country and
she ought to have a great navy— and
probably will have."
Regarding the fall of Santiago and
the surrender of General Toral, Dr.
Congosto said:
"There were brave soldiers at-Santi
ago, and if their leader lacked courage
he deserves to be punished. Santiago
should not have fallen as it did, and if
Toral had not entered into negotiations
with the enemy, it is likely that there
would have been a different story to
tell to-day.
"It is not true that the Spanish army
there lacked supplies and ammunition,
for they had plenty of both, which they
turned over to the Americans. If Toral
had pushed forward, instead of retreat
ing toward the city, he certainly would
have caused a repulse. These are things
which he will have to explain.
"The evacuation of Cuba by Spain is
a matter of time, but when I left Ha
vana everything was progressing well.
I do not care to enter into all the rea
sons for the delay, but one of the prin
cipal causes is the fact that we have
over 6000 sick, who must be taken care
of and cannot be left behind.
"The problem of the future of the
island is a difficult one. I have studied
it without prejudice,, and, as a result of
this study of years, I believe that it
is a social problem and not a political
one. Of course, politics will enter into
the solution, but the main question is,
how to bring the most prosperity and
the greatest hapi mess to the people of
Cuba. It is probable that there will be
a large emigration to the island, and
this emigration may assist in solving
the problem. Of course a difficulty will
be met in view of the dangers of fever
and the climate."
Captain Sharp was greatly pleased to
learn that the Spanish cruiser Maria
Teresa had been floated and taken to
Guantanamo. He thinks the collier
Merrimac, sunk in Santiago harbor, can
be saved.
Ventor yon Hollenstein, an American
citizen and a member of the German
Red Cross Society, who had been in
prison for several months in Havana,
charged with, complicity in the insur
rection of the Cubans, was also among
the passengers of the City of Washing
ton. He was released during the first
part of this month. He is crippled and
sick from the harsh treatment he re
ceived.
56
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 20, 1898
■ JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1368. \; y ./^ ;
EDITORIAL' R00M5... ....... 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1£74
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carrier* In. trjU city and surrounding town*
for 13 cents a weeK- By mall $6 per year; per month)
65 cent*. ______
THE WEEKLY CALX. One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway !
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON CD, C.) OFFICE Rt£*« He**©
C. C. CABLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquotte Building
C GEORGE KROONEBS, Advertising Representative
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
op«n until 9:30 o'clock- 587 Hayes street open until
9-30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:3b
o'clock- 615 Larfcln street, open until 9c30 o'clock
I*4l Mission street, open until 10 o'clock S£9J market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock 106 Eleventh
• street, open uotH 9 o'ctocK- 1806 Polk street, open 1
until 930 o'clock;. NUT. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,
AMUSEMENTS,
Baldwin— "An Enemy to the King I .'*
i Columbia— "Oliver Twist
' Alcazar— "ln Miczouro."
Moroeco'B— "Trilby •. ■
Tirol!— " Borneo and Juliet"
Crphenm— Vaudeville.
yew Comedy Theater — " What Happened to Jones."
Alhambrn, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudevllla
The Chutes— Pletro Marino, Vaurtovtlle and the Zoa
Clympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
tutro's Baths— Swimming. ;:.
- Rosenthal— Coming In February.
_ AUCTION .SALES.
" 1 By Fran* W. Bntterfield-Thls day, September 29, Furniture
at HO Geary street, at 11 o clock.
By Richard I. Whelan— 'day, September 39, Livery
Stable, at »U aeory street, at 10 o clocn.
CHARLES L. PATTON FOR MfIYOR.
THAT in nominating Charles L. Patton for
Mayor the Republicans have done the wisest
thing possible there will be no question. That
Mr. Patton is the strongest man who could have
been named events have made clear. That he will be
the next Mayor of San Francisco the party has con
fidence.
The nominee of the Republicans is a man against
whom nothing can be said. He is a high type of the
young, vigorous, progressive American. Enjoying
an excellent practice at law, having standing in the
social and commercial world, he has never before
entered into politics beyond the exercise of his rights
as a private citizen. He only enters now at the
earnest solicitation of the party whose principles he
upholds, in whose policy he firmly believes.
His handling of his extensive business shows him
to have a fine executive mind. The multitude of his
friends demonstrates that he has the qualities of a
leader. Even his personal appearance is in his
favor. Physically much above the average, he has
an excellent presence, a dignified bearing. He im
presses on sight and improves on acquaintance. That
he has heretofore kept out of municipal affairs is a
distinct advantage to him. He is not entangled with
any faction, nor can he be accused of having a boss
or of being one. He is simply a citizen who has at
heart the welfare of the community where he has ac
quired substantial interests, who consents, at the soli
citation of those who, knowing him best, best know
his worth, to .stand publicly for that which he has
sustained in private. He is not ambitious. The
honor of nomination came unsought. At first he
shrank from the responsibility, but when convinced
that none other could so well perform the required
duty he laid aside his objections. The Republicans
recognized in him the man of the hour.
The campaign in which Patton is now a central
figure will be waged for victory. His success will
mean much for San Francisco. The city needs a
man, big and broad intellectually, unwarped by per
sonal ambitions, above intrigue, honest, honorable
and energetic. Charles L. Patton is such a man.
FRfIUD AT THE FERRY.
THERE is sometimes a decent pleasure in say
ing "I told you so." This can only be the case
when the allegation is a fact.
Months ago this paper became convinced that the
erection of the ferry building, from street level to
the top of the tower, was a process colored by fraud.
An investigation was made., carefully, laboriously and
without passion. It proved that the suspicion was
well grounded, that the officials who had been en
trusted with the important work had proved careless
or deliberately unfaithful, that they had betrayed the
taxpayers, and that they had connived with unscru
pulous contractors to skimp the work, ignore speci
fications and to pay for inferior material and work
manship more than should have been paid for first
class.
There is no need now to analyze the iniquity then
laid bare. The files of The Call set it forth in elab
orate detail. The report of the Grand Jury contains
it in a condensed form. The swindling began when
cheap stone was used at the price of a superior or
at least more expensive article. It continued in every
department. When pine was substituted for oak the
contractors were actually permitted to charge more
than they had agreed to accept for the oak, although
by the scheme they saved to themselves thousands of
dollars. When a floor costing thousands less than
the one the contractor had given bond to put in was
adopted by the Harbor Commissioners, not one cent
was raved to the State. Contractors got it all. If
they divided with their friends the matter is yet one
of suspicion merely. There was fraud in every de
partment above the foundation. Specifications were
ignored, and extra paid for changes on which the
State should have had a substantial rebate.
The collated facts were put into the hands of one
Grand Jury, but while it dallied with them it was
dismissed for an incompetency which had become
painfully evident. The present Grand Jury is dif
ferent. It realizes and frankly makes declaration that
the public has been robbed. No indictment has been
returned, this being explained by a lack of knowledge
on the part of the jury as to its rights. Neverthe
less the jobbers, whom The Call made uncomfort
able, -have again been held up to scorn. This is cer
tainly better than that they should have been passed
by. Moreover, there is nothing to show that the
jobbers may not yet be indicted and forced to make
restitution or pay a penalty. To officials so shame
less simple exposure is far from being adequate pun
ishment.
There is something cruel about the courts. Here
they Have gone and decided that Russell Sage must
pay his taxes just like a man with fewer millions.
THE CfJNVASS IN THE SOUTH-
REPORTS from the southern part of the State,
where the candidates of both parties for the
governorship are making a personal canvass
from the stump, are highly encouraging to Repub
licans. The meetings of both are well attended, for
Maguire draws well as an orator, and people are
curious to hear the single-taxer; but there is at the
Republican meetings a spirit of earnestness and en
thusiasm which shows that the audiences have not
been moved to attend by curiosity merely. Th~ great
mass of voters in the assemblies that meet to listen to
Gage and to Barnes are there to greet the next Gov
ernor of California and to evince their approval and
give their support to the policies and principles of the
Republican party.
As the Republican candidate for Governor lives
in the south and is well known and highly esteemed
in that section of the State, his personal popularity
is unquestionably a potent factor in arousing the
earnestness and the enthusiasm of the Republicans
there. That factor, however, it s clear, is not the
only one, nor even t"he dominant one, in the canvass.
A multitude of evidences show that a Republican re-
I vival has taken place in the southern counties, and
that the falling off from the normal party strength in
the campaign of 1896 will be more than made up this
I year. The fallacies of the free silver agitation of two
j years ago have been exposed in the radiant light of
I the prosperity which has followed the election of Mc-
Kinley, and many who were deceived in the former
canvass have their eyes open now.
Nor is it only by the return to the Republican ranks
of the wayward free silver men who followed the
Bryanite movement that the canvass thus far has
shown an increasing Republican strength in the
southern counties. A considerable number of stal
wart Democrats and earnest Populists have been led
by the excellence of the Republican ticket and the
soundness of the party platform to bolt the fusion
ticket and confusion platforms. Many of these may
perhaps refrain from voting at all, but a considerable
number have announced a determination to vote with
the Republicans. Among these are men who have
• had no little power in their former parties, and it is
certain their course will be followed by others among
whom they have influence and leadership.
The Call has published interviews with a number
of these earnest men, who refuse to sanction the bar
gain and sale, the swapping and swiping, of fusion
politics, and who have resolved to vote the Repub
lican ticket this fall. Their statements show the ex
tent to which the political consciences and common
sense of sincere men revolt against Maguireism and
the tactics by which the leaders of that movement
have obtained control of the machinery of both the
Democratic and the Populist parties. The sentiment
of all these men was well expressed by A. A. Dunn,
editor of the Escondido Times, who in a statement
to a Call correspondent said: "A game
is being played upon the Populist pa ■/, and I do not
propose to have it played upon me. The best way
to secure the reforms we are seeking is to defeat Ma
guire and the fusion combination."
A canvass which has accomplished such good re
sults thus early in the campaign is certainly one of
encouragement to all loyal Republicans. The inde
pendent and the doubtful voters are being rapidly
convinced that the welfare of the State and the pro
motion of all needed political reforms can be best
provided by the election of the Republican ticket.
Much of this success has been due to the direct and
manly canvass of Mr. Gage, and justifies the predic
tion made by The Call that the results would prove
the Republican champion to be a better campaigner
than Maguire, as well as better fitted to be Governor.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
I IOF some time past it has been universally re
■ cognized that Theodore Roosevelt is the logical
*■ Republican candidate for Governor of New
York this year, and his nomination for the office will
be accepted as another proof that Republicans al
ways know the right thing to do at the right time
and how to select the right man to do it.
The conditions of politics in New York are such
that a renomination of Governor Black wou'd have
been a mistake. He has been an excellent chief
magistrate and his record is one for which the party
will not have to make either apologies or explana
tions during the campaign. It happened, however,
that, without fault on his part, dissensions arose
among the Republicans of the State, and for the pur
pose of allaying these it was necessary to choose a
new leader. In Roosevelt's personality all the at
tributes of an ideal leader for the occasion were
found, and to him the rank and file as well as the
leaders of the party turned with the spontaneity of
an instinctive recognition that the man and the op
portunity had met.
While the achievements of Roosevelt in raising
and commanding the famous regiment of Rough
Riders during the war added to his fame and in
creased his personal popularity, it is not to them he
owes this promotion to the leadership of his party
.in the Empire State and the nomination which is
virtually equivalent to election to the office of Gov
ernor. His military service, while brilliant, con
stitutes but an episode in his distinguished career.
In fact, he owed his opportunity in war to what he
had achieved in civil affairs. Had he not already
proven in public service his force of character and
shown an ability to perform difficult duties with an
easy mastery, he would never have obtained a chance
to demonstrate at the head of his Rough Riders his
valor as a soldier and his skill as a commander of
irregular troops.
Fifteen years of public service has revealed to the
people of New York the eminent fitness of Roose
velt for the office to which he has been nominated.
He has been tried in many ways and has been al
ways found worthy of promotion to higher duties.
No man in politics has ever been more independent,
and yet he has never been a mugwump. His par
tisanship has been as stalwart as his statesmanship,
and neither has ever been subservient to a boss, a
clique or to any consideration other than that of the
public good. He now takes the first step in a career
of the highest political activity. He will never here
after be called upon to serve as Police Commissioner
or Assistant Secretary in any department of the Gov
ernment. From this time forth he ranks among the
statesmen of the country to whom the people look
for successors to the Presidency.
Professor Crookes of the British Museum, when he
declares that the world's supply of food is in danger of
giving out, is simply making a bid to be placed on ex
hibition as one of the freaks of the institution to which
he now lends the illumination of his intelligence.
Germany seems to have offered to help Aguinaldo,
and if Dewey had only kept out of the way and
American troops had refrained from landing, might
have done so.
No lady should undertake to burn her house with
out consideration of the fact that the act is not re
garded as proper, and is calculated to cause unpleas
ing remarks if found out.
THE SA!N FSANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
IT will be difficult for Mayor Phelan's admirers to
much longer deny that he is fast becoming a po
litical boss of the most offensive description. If
he keep on in the course he is now pursuing it can
not be very long before it will only be necessary for
him to open a saloon to organize a gang of rock
rollers in order to attain to the position occupied in
the politics of this city for so many years by Chris
Buckley. Up to. date his methods have been less
studied and the results he has produced less popular
than any ever adopted or produced by the late
master of the local Democracy.
Probably the Mayor is not entirely responsible for
the existence of the Committee of One Hundred, but
notwithstanding the inflexible character of that body
he has managed to get out of it about all it has had
to give. The nominees for Assessor, Sheriff, Count/
Clerk, Auditor and Public Administrator are known
to be his personal friends. If elected they will give
him the bulk of their patronage. This is all Buckley
would have asked of them, and they could have ac
cepted nominations from him for the same offices
without any greater loss of self-respect.
Moreover, by a nominating trick the Mayor has
captured the Board of Election Commissioners, and
at the coming election he will not only control the
ballot-boxes, but also the canvass. He is himself an
Electipn Commissioner, and through the Gallagher-
Maguire influence he will dictate the course of City
and County Attorney Gallagher! He has renomi
nated Tax Collector Block, and in this way has se
cured the favor of a man who can give him control
of the commission. This is not exactly clever; any
political boss might have seen and utilized the same
point. But it shows that Phelan is a boss and that
he is struggling to secure what is necessary for the
success of every political boss, namely, control jof the
machinery of elections and the patronage of the
offices.
It is said that the Mayor named the Board of
Supervisors nominated by the Committee of One
Hundred last evening. If this be true he will, should
his Supervisors be elected, become master of the
city government. Through the patronage offices he
will manipulate the Democratic machine, and through
the Supervisors he will control the tax levy, fix water
rates, let gas contracts and handle the legislation of
the municipality. In other words, he will hold ex
actly the same position in politics held by Boss
Buckley in that individual's halcyon days/except that
he will be a part of the machine himself.
Perhaps Mayor Phelan can bring the campaign he
is planning to a successful issue, but if he can the
people of San Francisco will no longer be entitled to
the designation of boss-haters. The Democratic
ticket nominated by the Committee of One Hundred
is not even the creation of a popular primary. On
the contrary, it is the creation of a small ring of
office-brokers, who have selected the Mayor as their
boss, and who, with the aid oj Deacon Fitch's Non-
Partisans, hope to secure control of the government
of the city. If such a conspiracy against popular
government can succeed on the lines th~.se men have
chosen, we shall, indeed, have discovered another
wonder of the world.
THE State Highway Commissioners are reported
to have drafted a bill which they think will find
favor with the coming Legislature and result in
establishing a comprehensive and satisfactory system
of highway improvement and maintenance through
out the State.
According: to the reports the plan provides that
one-half of all moneys collected in the counties for
road improvements be placed in a separate fund, to
be expended on roads indicated as State highways,
the contracts for the work to be let by the Super
visors on plans and specifications to be approved by
the Commissioners. The Legislature will also be
urged to pass a bill to the effect that when any county
completes five miles of road in accordance with the
proposed amendment the same shall on petition to the
Highway Commission and with the approval of the
Governor be accepted by the State as a State high
way and maintained as such.
Whether the plan as outlined will be acceptable
to the Legislature is questionable, for there is cer
tain to be a strong opposition to it. It is to be h»ped,
however, that, should it be rejected, some means will
be devised by which the work of roadway improve
ment in the State can be undertaken systematically
and carried on continuously until our highways are
equal to the needs of the traffic that passes over them.
At the present time, in the greater part of the State,
the highways are far below the general level of our
civilization. In the cultivation of the soil, in the
schools, churches, houses and mode of living, the
residents of the rural districts of California are
abreast of those of the foremost nations of the world,
but in the matter of roads most of our country dis
tricts are hardly better off than backwoods settle
ments.
If we had only a backwoods civilization to maintain
we could get along with bad roads. Our energy in
all forms of industrial life, however, compels an in
cessant use of roadways, and as a consequence the
lack of well graded, well ballasted and carefully
maintained highways entails a heavy cost upon the
community. No good road is ever so costly as a
bad road in a district where there is much traffic
going on. It is that fact which renders highway im
provement an imperative necessity of the situation.
As some of our counties, such as Santa Clara, have
most excellent highways of their own, built up and
maintained under local supervision, they are averse
to State action in the matter, partly because they
fear they might be compelled to contribute something
in the way of revenues to the improvement of roads
elsewhere. This and other forms of local self-interest
have prevented the progress that might otherwise
have been made by this time in the accomplishment
of road improvement. The present law, moreover,
hi", been found defective in some important respects.
The proposed bill now under consideration by the
Highway Commission, it is to be hoped, will prove
satisfactory in every way. The urgency of road work
is not to be disputed, and we cannot too early adopt
a comprehensive system for. carrying it on.
The arrest of a Santa Maria attorney on the charge
of subornation of perjury is a serious and peculiar
matter. He is accused of having hired a character
less woman to swear away the character of a man
against whom action for divorce had been instituted.
There can never be palliation for perjury, and in a
divorce suit there is seldom any excuse for it. To
get the matrimonial bond severed one party or the
other has usually only to express the conviction that
the bonds have become irksome.
When Dr. de Freye died abroad leaving no visible
heirs to a considerable fortune, a fear arose that none
would appear. The fear is groundless. There will be
heirs to burn, and most of them will probably deserve
the process.
Affairs have progressed far enough to show that
Dreyfus may receive justice if France can't prevent it.
PMELAN &S c BOSS.
HIGHWAY IMPROVEMENT.
NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR MAGUIRE.
How and Whu He Turned His Back on the Democ
racy in 1887,
In 1887 Judge Maguire formally and forever withdrew from the Demo
cratic party, State and national. His reasons were given in the following
letter:
[From the San Francisco Bulletin, Friday, January 28, 1887.]
JUDGE MAGUIRE ABANDONS THE DEMOCRACY.
Boodle and Bossism Too Much for Him— Socialism of a Certain Sort More
Suitable to His Fancy, Etc.
The following letter from Judge Maguire to the California State Demo
k .-atic Club may create something: of a political breeze:
SAN FRANCISCO, January 27, 1887.
To the Officers and Members of the California State Democratic Club-
Gentlemen: I hereby tender my resignation as a member of your club.
In withdrawing permit me to return thanks to the officers, past and
present, for many courtesies which they have extended during our long and
pleasant association.
Let me also assure the members, with whom my relations have always
been most cordial, that my withdrawal is not prompted by any personal con
siderations, but that it is to me a painful act of duty to political principles
and convictions with which the present policy of the Democratic party is
not in accord.
As this resignation is the final act which severs my connection with the
Democratic party, State and national, it is but just to you, and to all others
who have stood shoulder to sho.-.lder with me in the political battles of the
past, that I should fully and frankly state the reasons which have moved
me to tuis serious step.
Early in life I learned to reverence the name Democracy, as represent
ing all that is sublime in the political history of past ages and as connecting
the best of political principles.
The party bearing this sacred name being out of pcwer at the time I
reached my majority I naturally entered its ranks, hoping and expecting
that It would ever be the aggressive and intelligent champion of liberty,
equality and justice, wherever and whenever these vital priaciples of social
happiness might be either neglected or assailed.
Finally our party triumphed, but alas! It has brought no relief to our
suffering people. The benefit of that triumph has amounted to no more
than the distribution of a few official prizes to the friends arid relatives of
wealthy aristocrats and to the henchmen of political bosses. There are, of
course, exceptions, but this has been the rule.
Wealth is still the standard of respectability, just as it was under Re
publican administrations, and the rights and wishes of the great Demo
cratic masses of the country are just as completely ignored.
Rival bidders for the affection of monopolists, the great national parties
have become like two peas, both in actions and principles.
The great intellectual statesmen, the men of principle and courage, once
the glory of our country, have been retired from our Federal Senate, and the
people have practically ceased to be represented there. The chamber
which once held that highest body of earthly legislators is now a sort of
national stock exchange, wherein seats are sold to monopolists and to
wealthy seekers after social standing. In the matter of sanctioning this
iniquity honors seem to be easy between the parties.
The entire solid area of our great country, including the natural oppor
tunities of all our people, the natural resources without which none of our
people can live, has been made the exclusive private property of a few
thousand alien and domestic landlords, who, by virtue of the absolute con
trol which they do thus, as owners, exercise over the only means of living of
our landless millions, are robbing the latter continually of from one-half to
four-fifths of the fruits of their labor, and are daily driving them to lower
and lower depths of slavery and helpless misery.
This is a system of human servitude just as complete as chattel slavery,
and in many respects more atrocious; yet the so-called "Democratic party,"
while claiming to be the friend of the laborer, expressly defends this system
and bids for the support of those who profit by it. But these are not the
only matters in which the party has been recreant. In the late Democratic
State convention ah emissary of certain railroad corporations, who acted as
a carrier of messages between his masters and the committee on platform,
caused that committee to eliminate a resolution condemning the election of
the president of the Central Pacific Railroad Company to the United States
Senate, and also caused the committee to eliminate Senator Reddy's resolu
tion upon the Chinese question, which, prior to his appearance, had been
adopted. The railroad emissary received as his reward for this successful
service a Democratic nomination for Congress. It is but just, in defense of
the people, that I should add he was not elected.
I will not recount the painful history nor dwell upon the deplorable con
dition of our local Democracy. It is difficult to speak of this branch of the
party in the language of polite correspondence. Let it here suffice to say
that our local Democracy is under the acknowledged dominion of a man
who has been publicly charged with having openly and notoriously pur
chased votes on last election day. This charge has been strongly sup
ported by the sworn and recorded testimony of several citizens; yet, al
though this crime against the elective franchise is a blow at the very heart
of our liberty, a crime more dreadful in its consequences than murder or
open treason, no citizen has -yet manifested sufficient confidence in the
Democratic officers who are charged with conducting public prosecutions
to even file a complaint against the alleged offender.
In face of this public charge and of other equally outrageous doings,
as jf to wantonly humiliate the State Democracy and commit it to the rati
fication of such iniquities, the chairman and other members of the State
Central Committee publicly serenaded this man. and the -chairman thanked
him' and eulogized him for his statesmanlike services to the party during
the campaigns. And so I might go on, ad libitum, usque ad nauseam^ but
it is unnecessary.
As a self-respecting man I would feel justified and bound in honor to
withdraw from a party which has fallen to such levels; but there is an
other and potent reason for my immediate withdrawal, which is, that a
new national party is being formed for the purpose of restoring the natural
rights of the great landless Democracy of America.
It is founded upon the idea that all men have an equal right to live,
and, as a necessary consequence, that all men have at all times an equal
and inalienable right to the use of the natural elements which God made
and gave freely for the subsistence of human life; that to secure these
rights governments are Instituted among men, deriving their just powers
from the consent of the governed; that all American citizens are entitled
to equal opportunities with respect to to the great natural resources of our
common country; that no speculator in the natural rights of his fellow r men
should be permitted to prevent American citizens from making homes upon
land which he does not want to use; that no landlord — alien or citizen —
should be permitted to collect toll from American citizens. for allowing them
the privilege of using the natural and indestructible powers of our soil;
that the rental value of land, which results In all cases entirely from the
presence, enterprise, virtue and industry of the whole people, belongs to the
whole people, and should, as a matter of common justice, be taken for pub
lic use; and that no tax or burden of any kind should be imposed upon
commerce, agriculture, manufactures or other industries or upon any prod
utcs.of human labor as long as this rental value of land— which is the
margin of production — shall be sufficient for public purposes.
Tp the new party, founded upon these principles, which I conceive to be
the very soul and essence of true Democracy, all of the time which I can
henceforth give to the political servioe of my country will be devoted. 1
shall therefore in the next political campaign do all in my power to secure
the election of Henry George or some ofher land reformer to the Presidency
of the United States, unless the Democratic party shall in the meantime be
come democratic by adopting the principles which we have espoused.
Having deliberately resolved to pursue this course, I desire that my po
sition may be fully and exactly understood, bo that my actions and re
lations with respect to political matters shall be neither inconsistent nor
ambiguous.
Sincerely trusting that our social relations may be as pleasant in the
future as they have in the past, I remain, very truly and respectfully
yours, • ■ JAMES G. MAGUIRE.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Marlon Biggs Jr. of Orovllle la at the
Grand.
Marion De Vrles of Stockton Is at the
Callforna.
Professor O. Jenkins of Stanford Is at
the Palace.
Louts Dean, a cattle man of Reno, is
at the Russ.
D. H. Arnold, a rancher of Colusa, 1b at
the Occidental.
John Pinnel J., a grain raiser of Tehama
County, is at the Lick.
B. P. Earle, a fruit grower of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
Lewis A. Sage, proprietor of the Con
gress Springs, is at the Lick.
Mrs. Franklin Raney, J. W. Morrison
and J. S. Merritt of Dawson are registered
at the Russ.
R. M. Powers of the San Diego Gas
Works arrived yesterday, accompanied by
his wife and daughter.
Clarence Berry, H. F. Berry and W. P.
Berry arrived from the Klondike yster
day and are at the Grand.
Rev. Daniel G. MacKinnon and wife ar
rived from Stockton yesterday and are
stopping at the Occidental.
John J. Burne. the general passenger
agent of the Santa Fe, arrived from Los
Angeles yesterday and is at the Palace.
Louis Sloss Jr. haß just returned from
a lengthy trip in the Northwest Territory,
having spent most of the time In looking
out for the interests of the Alaska Com
mercial Company. He came down over
the pass.
The Bertha, from St, Michael, brought
a number of Klondlkers to this city yes
terday. At the Commercial Hotel are L.
N. McQuesten and family. McQuesten has
been in the employ of the Alaska Com
mercial Company for a number of years
and has also a number of fine mining
properties in the Klondike. His wealth
is estimated at about $300,000. P. J. Mc-
Donald, who has also a large pile and
some very good properties; Tom Ashley,
Joseph P. Staley, R. E. Peacock, F. El
liot, George W. Oliver, B. A. Oliver of
Belait, Wis.; A. J. Schaft, chief engineer
of the Alaska Commercial Company on
the river, and R. E. Lathand. are others
from the Klondike. All of them brought
down dust in varying quantities.
THE TALK OF THE DAY.
The New Haven News says that a Con
necticut clergyman on a recent Sun
day gave out the following- notice: "The
regular session of the Donkey Club will
be held, as usual, at the close of this
service. Members will line up- just out
side the church door, make remarks and
stare at the women who pass, as is their
custom. Any member . known to escort
a young woman to a church like a man
and sit with her like a gentleman will
be promptly expelled from membership."
Mrs. Unsoflst— They say that the Min
neapolis can steam twenty-four knots an
hour.
Mr. Unsoflst— That's what she can do.
Mrs. Unsofist— l suppose that they
steam them so that the poor sailors can
untie them more easily.— Brooklyn Life
The real author of "A Hot Time in the
Old Town to-night," which has been de
scribed since the Santiago fight as the
new national anthem. Is, according to a
dispatch from Denver, an old negro
woman named Amanda Green, who sang
it for) years before it was finally picked
up by a traveling actor. The Latter got
■the tune and fixed up the words to suit
himself, retaining, however, the title and
the main idea.
Occasion for Haste— "l am the wrong
man," protested the wretched creature
they were getting ready to hang.
The chairman of the vigilantes was
clearly assailed with misgivings.
"Hurry!" he exclaimed, addressing
those coming with the rope. "It may
prove that the fellow speaks truly after
all!"— Detroit Journal.
As an appropriate means for celebrat
ing the end of the century the Wesleyan
Methodists of England propose to raisa
a million guineas as a twentieth century
fund. Of this total $1,500,000 would be de
voted to church extension, $1 000 000 to
education, $500,000 each to the home and
foreign missionary societies, and $1250
000 to the erection of a denominational
house in London. The Roman Catholic
church will probably celebrate the same
event by pilgrimages to holy places, such
as Lourde»
A SHUT WAIST STORY.
The man and the maid sat down by the
sea,
And the maid was as blue as a maid
could be;
For her waist was loud, though the style
was grand.
Yet it swore at the sea. at the sky and
the sand.
"Oh! what was that sound?" asked the
man in awe —
And the maid knew then that her shirt
waist swore —
" 'Twas only the waves," she said, with
a laugh.
And she cursed the waist that was two
and a half.
"It wasn't the sea," said the man, "that's
plain— , , ,
There goes the very same sound again!
"Oh," said the maid, and her cheeks
grew red,
"I think it was thunder, was all she
said.
And all that day upon the sand,
That shirt waist swore to beat the band;
But the maid sat still and prayed for the
night.
And she likewise swore— though It
wasn't right.
But as soon as the night had covered the
She staked that waist in a bucket of
lye;
And the colors all ran, but swearing yet,
And lost themselves in the soaking wet.
And she said as she saw those colors run:
" 'Tls just like a life that's ill begun—
It's easy enough to purify
If one has handy a bucket of lye!
And this waist that went about swear-
ing so
Now is as white as the driven snow;
And that's the style, so Tve understood—
I wish 'twere the style to be awfully
good!
And the very next day she donned that
waist M '.
(With a pique skirt 'twas in perfect
taste);
And she looked so cool while the day was
hot . _,
That folks all said: "She knows what a
what!"
Two morals are hidden away somewhere;
One of them— don't let your shirt waist
swear;
The other— the world's as dense as night,
And easily fooled If you do it right.
—Philadelphia Times.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
AGRICULTURAL PAMPHLETS-W.
B. X., Kern, Cal. You can procure pam
phlets relating to agriculture and vini
culture of this State by addressing a
communication to the Experimental feta
tion of the University of California, lou
can obtain pamphlets on agriculture from
the Department of Agriculture at Wash
ington, D. C, by addressing a letter to
that department.
RINCON HILL— W. H., City. Rlncon
Hill received its name from la punta del
Rincon, a name that was given in the
very early days to a point of land which
projected into the bay and on a part of
which stands the old Marine Hospital of
the Unitod States and now used as the
Sailors' Home. Rincon is Spanish, and
means "inside corner," and the whole
name "punta del Rincon" is "the point of
the inside corner." Rincon School was
so named because of its location on Rin
con Hill.
TATTOO MARKS— Subscriber, Monte
rey, Cal. Inquiry Is frequently made for
methods for the successful removal of
tattoo marks in the skin. While these
are generally asserted to be indelible If
produced by the insertion of some car
bonaceous matter, the Chemical News says
that the marks will disappear by being
first well rubbed with a salve of pure
acetic acid and lard and then with a so
lution of potash, and finally with hydro
chloric acid. To one not acquainted
with the forces of these articles named
the advice is given that a physician
should first be consulted.
POROUS GLASS— S. A. N.. City. This
correspondent asks: "Is It true that if a.
sealed bottle Is forced down into the sea
a certain distance it will be found to con
tain water if taken up after a certain
time?" Ordinary glass is declared to be Im
permeable to air and water, even under
any kind of pressure. Boatmen on the
Lake of Como are in the habit of per
forming an experiment for the amuse
ment of visitors. An empty bottle well
corked and sealed- is tet down into- the
water to a depth of fifty yards, and on
being hauled tip a short time after it is
found to contain a glassful of water. By
this one is led to suppose that glass must
be porous. But such is not the case. Un
der the pressure of four atmospheres the
sealing wax and cork become impregnat
ed, and the water filters through the bot
tle. This has been proved. The neck of
a bottle has been closed by melting it by
means of a blow pipe and the bottle Im
mersed at similar and greater depth than
in the lake named, and when taken up
there was no water in the bottle.
SOLDIERS' HOMES— Many Veterans,
Napa, Cal. There are State homes for
soldiers in the following named States of
the Union: California, Colorado, Con
necticut, Idaho. Illinois. Indiana, lowa,
Kansas, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minne
sota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New
Jersey, New York, North Dakota, Ohio,
Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island,
South Dakota. Vermont, Washington,
Wisconsin, Wyoming.
No portion of the pensions received by
the inmates is retained in the homes of
California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois,
Kansas, Michigan, Nebraska, New Jer
sey, New York, North Dakota, South Da
kota and Washington. The following
shows the amount of pensions in the ag
gregate paid to pensioners in the several
homes and the amount retained for the
home:
States— Received. Retained..-
Indiana (3,765 00 flB7 M
lowa 40,072 96 B.SrtOO
Massachusetts 15,053 60 - • 6,33* 00
Minnesota 24,426 54 9,756 00
Oregon 3,293 20 24 00
Pennsylvania 35,478 00 13,700 72
Rhode Island 5. 701 023 31
Vermont 9.586 26 2.824 25
"Wisconsin .. 4 18,972 00 1.194 SO
Wyoming , 402 00 33 go
These figures are from the latest annual
report ending June 31. In the homes' in'
Idaho and in Ohio the pensioners execute
their own warrants. . - --? • ■
ARRIVAL OF TROOPS— P. C. J., City.
The following are the dates of arrival in
this city of troops that were mobilized at
this point during the late war with Spain:
May 7, First California Infantry; 7, Sev
enth California; 7, Cook's Heavy Artillery
from Sacramento; 10. a battalion of the
Fourteenth United States Regulars: 11,
two battalions Sixth California Volun
teers; 13. battalion Second Oregon Volun
teers; 18, three battalions Oregon Volun
teers; 19, three battalions First Nebraska;
19. Wyoming Volunteers; 20 battalion Ne
vada Volunteers; 20, Twentieth Kansas
Volunteers; 21. Thirteenth Minnesota Vol
unteers; 21. battalion Kansas Volunteers;
21, First Colorado Volunteers; 22, two bat
talions Idaho Volunteers; 22. battery Utan
Artillery; 22, Washington Volunteers; 23,
Tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers; 27, Utah
Cavalry; 28, Montana Volunteers; 29,
Twenty-third and Eighteenth Infantry
(regulars): June 1. N-orth Dakota Volun
teers; !?, First Regiment South Dakota
Volunteers; 5, band of the Fourth Cav
alry; 6, Troop E. Fourth Cavalry; 10 Fif
ty-*flrst Iowa; 10, S4B recruits for Eigh
teenth and Twenty-third Infantry Regu
lars; 15. sixty-live men for the Nevada
Cavalry; 16, First Tennessee; 20, Astor
Battery; 20. twenty-two men for the Tihrd
Artillery; July 1.".. New York Volunteers
There is no official record made up at thi3
time of the arrival of troops and the dates
given are from the files of The Call and
It includes nearly all of the troops. There
were in addition the Engineer Corns and
the Signal Corps, but the dates of their
arrival at Camp Merritt was not noted.
Cal. glace fruit S)c per lb at Townoend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Absolute quiet, unlimited view and fine
French cooking, make dining at the
Spreckels Rotisserie a real pleasure. Fif
teenth floor Call building. •
The Boston Transcript says: "Tbo
New England coaches that have been put
through the shop >ear the name of 'New
York, New Haven and Hartford.' while
the locomotives come forth bearing no
name at all. This seems to indicate that
a change in the name of the railroad has
been determined upon, but it will not ba
made just at present."
If you lack appetite try half a wine grlas* ok
Angostura Bitters before dinner. Dr. Sieg-ert'*
the genuine, Imported from South America.MORINGA EASILY
BEATS MARPLOT
Sobrante Gelding Runs
a Grand Race.
FAST TIME ON A SLOW TRACK
SEVEN FURLONGS NEGOTIATED
IN 1:28 FLAT.
Napian the Only Favorite to Earn !
Brackets — Homestake Wins
at Odds of Twenty
to One.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 28.— The Sobrante
gelding: Moring-a demonstrated in the
fourth number on the card to-day that he
Is a horse of the improving sort. Virtually
shouldering equal weight witi. Marplot,
he tip-teed the latter from start to finish,
winning by a couple of lengths In I:2S— a
remarkably good run. when the slow con
dition of the track is considered. From
a time standpoint it ranks as the best
performance of the meeting. The book
makers held Marplot at 7 to 10, while
plenty of 5 to 2 was obtainable
about the winner. William OB was a
starter, but the pace was altogether too
worm for him. Little Devin, who rode
Moringa, is a smart bit of a jockey, and
with more experience will win laurels in
the saddle.
The balance of the races were common
place, failing to arouse much enthusiasm
among spectators. The two-year-old
Naplan. with Thorpe up, was the one
lonely favorite to earn a set of brackets.
Darechota. Octuruck and Homestake all
won cleverly, carrying more or less sup
port, the latter being a 20 to 1 shot.
Farrar & Tuberville's filly Saucy Eyes
■was backed down from S to 5 to even
money for the first event, a six furlong
sprint, but after showing speed to the
stretch died away. Darechota, played by
the smart ones in the over-night betting
at 6 and 8 to 1. won handily by a necK
from Eroica. Show honors fell to Ten
rlca. The winner, ridden by Ruiz, was
pounds the best, coming from the far rear.
In the two-year-old scramble at five
furlongs the 1 to 2 favorite, Napian. was
given quite an argument to the paddock
by Ojai. but there the latter showed his
usual tendency to stop. The first choice
eventually won, with something to spare,
from Gilt Etfge, third choice. Miss Re«l
showed speed and should do better later
on.
The coin was strung good and thick on
Fig Leaf to pull off the six-furlong selling
run. third on the programme, but she
could not keep up during tHe early stages
of the running and was fortunate to get
the show. Octuruck. with Ruiz Jn the
caddie, an every-day starter, simply
made a gallop of It. having the race In
hand from the start. The gray horse
Outgo, a 20 to 1 shot in fRe betting, was
a good second. The winner opened at 3
tc 1 in the ring.
Homp stake, a friendless outsider, with
Bullman up, captured the final five and a
half furlong sprint from a very fair Held
Opening at 6 to 5. the price against Chi
huahua receded to 2 to 1, while the 2 to
1 chalked opposite Obsidian was rubbed
to S to 5. The latter was never a contend
er. Toribio and Chihuahua cut out the
running, striking the stretch on nearly
even terms. A furlong from home Bulf
man on Homestake got up and in a drive
downed the latter less than a length.
Toribio gave it up and was beaten" for the
show by P F.
Following are the entries for to-morrow
with overnight betting:
Pint race, purse, four and a half furlongs
t(i Peach Blossom ... 10', I 72 Good Eve.. .. 115
»0 Petal 1151 80 Irlandais 115
$>' Croasmollna 115 1 SO:Carmanita 105
SO Tiburon 1051
Second race, selling, six furlong*.
. AyeriD*, 10S 20-1/ 76 L«dy AsMey, 92 2-1
79 Ix>seUe. 92 6-1! 74 Queen Nubia. 87 8-1
- Water. 112... 4-5: JO Casdale, 85 ....10-1
So P F. 100 8-1 i
Third race, selling, four and a half .furlongs.
76 Amasa. IIS 2-1 ' 64 Trappean, 109 4-1
.. Red Steel, 113.. 20-1 ! 71 Mollle A.' 106 3-1
61 Zemzem, 105 30-1: 75 Roa<iwam>er, 106 1-2
Fourth race, purse, five furlongs.
(E«)Gold Fin. 113....4-1| 72 C'.eodora, 90 ....10-1
.. R. Admiral. 93.2*1-1] 6? Magdalenes, 102.7-10
(W)Ocorona. 102 7-5 '
Fifth race, Belling, Beven furlongs.
66 Joe Levy, 95 8-11 73 R. Glenn, 10*.. Even
62 Fleming. 93 30-1, 73 Magnus, 103 8-i
Vi Tom Smith, 109.10-1.1 78 Zarro. 109 5-1
S3 Octuruck, 103 ..6-11 68 Sea Spray, 99. -..15-1
Griffo Probably Insane.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Alfred Griffith,
known In sporting circles as "Young
Griffo," who created a sensation last
night by running along Stare street
stripped to the waist and yelling at the
top of his voice, and who all but knocked
out three police officers who attempted
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACBAMENTO, Wednesday, Sept. 28.— Ninth day of the fall meet
ing of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine; track slow.
C. F. PRlCE^PreFidlng^Judge. J. B. FERGUSON. Starter.
Of FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $150.
;-•
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
■ him.
\m. Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
61 Darechota, 8 35 4 ... 73 4V& 21 In 'Rule . 8 6-2
68 Emloa, 3 105. 7 ... 2 1 lh 14 2 2 .Wilson g 12
68 Tenrica, 3 9S 1 ... 61 63 4H 3h Kanely 16 80
71 Roulette Wheel, 3.. 98 6 ... 8 2 2 * .3 hi 4 2 Devlne t 11-5
66 Saury Eye?. 3 100 2 ... 4 3 .8 1 6 6 6 6 Frawley 8-5 1
76 Magnus, 3 9S 8 ... 8 7 1 72 6 2 Farrell 60 60
76 Barney Schrleber.3. &S 3 ... lh 6 2 6 1 73 Ryan 10 15
71 Imp. Allen. 6 1"9 5 ... 6 4 8 8 8 iLivermoro .... 40 40
61 Darechota, 3 OS 4
M Em lea, 3 10? 7
58 Tenrica, 3 98 1 .
71 Roulette Wheel, 3.. 98 6
66 Saucy Eye?, 3 100) 2
76 Magnus, 3 9S| 8
75 Barney Schrleber, 3. 9S 3
71 Imp. Allen. 6 1"9 5
• 78
2 1-
C 1
3 2
4 3
I
1 hr
• EH
IK II
In Hi
«3 4 H
2 * .3 4
11 ■ 6 6
7 1 . . 7 2
6 2 6 1 ■•
8 8
1 n
2 2
3 h
4 2
6 6
6 2
7 '3
8
Ruiz ...........
Wilson
Kanely
Devlne
Frawley
Farrell
Ryan
i.
Livermore
Time. :25H. :51. 1:1*. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, C. H. Koblcke'i
b. f. by Imp. Darebln-Echota.
Darechota the best. Ruli . had her In the bad going all the way.
GO SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. $150.
1 72) Naplan :
(SO) Gilt Edge
•ai
... Miss Reel
... Bland ••••
1
4
2
I 3
5
2 I
6
1 h
4 2
3 h
2 2
4 3
1 3
2 h
5
1 2
3 1
1 h
4 6
.5
1 1
2 h
8 10
4 10
5
1
!
7» ""•••
"llson
1-3 1-2
4 6
4 13-6
6 12
10 30
c
Time. :13. :24*J. :3G%. 1:01. Good start. ■*
Burns & Waterhouse's b. g. by -Imp. Midi
OJal had lots of speed but quit badly. I
had a bit of early speed. _^ '_
Won
Second and third driving. Winner,
nlshed well. Miss Reel and Bland
CO THIRD RACE— Six furlongs;
I ■ —
79 Ockturuck, 3 9SI 1 ... 2* IHI2 12 Ruix • 3 6-1
•8 Outgo, a ins 1 ... IX !H 2h 2 2 O. Wilson.... 26 20
76 FIX l>af. 4 104! 3 ... «» 4 6 410 3 2 Bullman X 1-2
<66) MJsn DlYldend, 8...1051 5 ... 43. 3 2 3 2 4 15 (Farrell «-5 5
tl Dolly D, 5... 3061 4 ...... 6 ' 5 . 6 6 jSnlder g it
Time, :25H. :51. l:W. Good, start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner IT
H. Eiell's eh. g. by RJo Bravo-Johanna.
Fig Leafs rare vpr>- bad. Ockturuck off best. Miss Dividend had no speed. Snider
choked Dolly D to death first part. "
J5.
2 hi l H
11 2 H
82 • 4.6
43 3 2
6• 5 .
• 1 2
2 h
4 10
8 2
6
1 2
22 !
32 ;
4 15 !
E
Ruix •
O. Wilson....
Bullman
3
26
6-5
g
6-t
20
1-2 '
5
12
FRrrell ...;...
CnlJ..
Snider |
OA FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling;: all ages: purse, $150.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.,
%m.
%m.
*m.
Btr..
Fin.
Jockeys.
— — —^ j
(53) Morlnga, 3 101 l 31 Jl 23 24 12 Devln ! 6-2 6-2
i's4) Marplot. 3 KM 3 14 11 14 14 2 10 JThofpe 17-10 7-10
/«•-•» William 08. 6 107, 4 4 4 4 4 3 1 IFrawley I j 7.$
(71) Lady_Britannic. 4..182 2 22 B_4 3 3 3 3 .4 IHolmes |15 n
Time. :24H. M. 102. 1 2S. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, J. Conway'a
br g by Sobrante-Loina.
' Morlnga the best. Lady Britannic had speed flrat part. William OB finished strong.
Devln i
Thorpe j
Frawley
Holmes |
6-2 6-2
•-10 7-10
3 7-2
15 25
OB FIFTH RACE— Five and a hall furlong; selling; all ages; purse, |ISO.
Cndex. Horse. Age. Weight.
Vim.
him.
%tn.
Btr.
Fin.
€t HomeFtake, 4.' I
6S Chihuahua. -3
(64) P F. 4 :••■
(76) Toriblo. 3 ....•••
'A Ef<trn, 3 :
(67) Obsidian. 2
I
5
4
«l
1 h
6
2-H
. II
31
• 3 1'
- 2 H;
6 3
s*
4 H
1 h
It
3 >-»
5 2
. 1 X
2 h
! 2
4 6
8 1
6
ion
1ey..!.".".
m *
t .
16
6-6
8
7-2
15
2
Vi
2
8
3
50
8-5
Time :18%. :30%. :4J^. 1:09*4. Fair start. Won cleverly. Second and third driving.
Winner O. A. Kenyon's b. m. by Brown Fox-Homeless.
Homeetake the best. She was cleverly tldden at the finish. P F finished strong. Ob-
sidian pulled up lame. Toriblo stopped badly the last sixteenth.
to arrest him, 1b believed to be Insane.
He was araigned before Justice Martin
and talked incoherently about some per
son who Intends shooting him. The case
was continued until October 5 to enable
the city physician to examine Into Grlf
fo's sanity.
KLATAWAH LOWERS
A WORLD'S RECORD
LOUISVILLE. Sept. 28 — Two races unfinished
from yesterday and three additional made up
the card for the Driving: and Fair Associa
tion's third day. The first heat trotted de
cided the Douglas stake. John Nolan had two
heats from yesterday and was n. strong favor
ite. He won the heat and race in a close
finish with Mattie Patterson and Caracalla.
Nolans driver. Foote, had been fined 1100 for
laying up heats.
The chief event to-day was the Selbach for
2:IS pacers, and the first heat saw a world's
record lowered. Klatawah won In 2:05%. re
ducing his own mark o/ *:06\i for three-year
old pacers. He was not In the race afterward,
however, the record-breaking effort seeming to
wear him out. Miss Logan and Lady of the
Manor fought for the next three heats. Miss
Logan -winning: all of them and the race In
close finishes.
The Milton stakes for two-year-old pacers
brought out a field of five likely youngsters.
Ecstasy was easily the best of them In straight
heats, Boralight getting second money easily.
Woodford C was withdrawn from the 2:16
trot, unfinished yesterday on account of sick
ness. Espy Boy, with two heats, opened fa
vorite,' but Geere .handled Tudor Chimes skill
fully and the Village Farm entry won by half
a length from the favorite. The 2:20 trot was
won by Marguerite A. the 'ivorlte. in straight
heats from Mabel Moneypen.iy. Results:
2:16 trotting, purse $1000 (unfinished from yes
terday)— Chimes won fifth, sixth and
seventh heats. Time. 2:15*4. 2:l4Vi. 2:*13. Espy
Boy won third and fourth heats. Time. 2:13.
2:13 - Surpal third. WoodforJ C drawn In
sixth heat won first and second heats. • Time.
2:12%. 2:13*;. Oslun L, Guy, J TV C. Avana.
Toxine. Sister Alice, Boreal. Ellert and Jose
phine Dlxon also started.
Douglass stake/ 2:14 trotting, stake t&OOO (un
finished from yesterday)— John Nolan won
third, fourth and fifth heats. Time, 2:OS\4,
2:Q9tt. 2:08. Pilatus won first heat in 2:10.
Aekey won second heat in 2:08. Mattie Patter
son. Caracalla. Sir Charles. Grattan Boy, J
B D and Stamboulette also started. .
The Selbach stakes, $5000. 2:IS pacing—
Lojan won second, third and fourth heats.
Time, 2:034. 2:os. 2:OS. Klatawah won- first
heat In 2:CiH- Carrie .1, Evangeline. Egoren.
Sliver Hal. Hetty G. Belle Wood and Long
Point also started.
2:2" trot, purse JIOO0 — Marguerite A won in
straight heatF. Time. tH3QL 2:13. 2:14. Mabel
Moneypenny, Oakley. John P. Stewart, Harry.
Je*ete Howe, Bourbon, Bonnell, Monte Bay
ard. Margie Anderson. Bowery Belle. Baro
meter. Bella Bells .and Doctor French also
started.
Fifth race, two-year-olds, pacing, the Pacing
Matron stake. $1000— Ecstasy won in straight
hears. Time. 2:21. 2:22. Borallßht. Br:de Elect,
Calamity and Katie also started.
Football at the East.
PHILADELPHIA. Sept. 28.— Football:
University of Pennsylvania, 50; Gettys
burg College. 0.
PRESBYTERY OF LOS
ANGELES IN SESSION
SAN BERNARPINO. Sept. 28.— The Los
Angeles Presbytery opened Its session
here last night. The opening sermon was
preached by the retiring moderator. Rev.
\ C. M. Fisher of Los Angeles. About fifty
• delegates were In attendance. Rev. A.
•C. Juhkin of Westminster was chosen
t moderator, and Rev. J. P. Stoops of Mon
! rovia and Rev. W. J. Arnold of Riverside
I were appointed clerks. Rev. R. H. Jack
; son of Kansas City and Rev. A. J. Frost
; of this city were invited to sit as corre-
I spending members..
Reports of church work were made by
i Rev. R B. Taylor of this city. Rev. W.
S. Young. Rev. C. M. Fisher. Rev. J. H.
| Stewart. Rev. H. A. Lewis of Los Ange
i les Rev. H. H. Rice of Pomona,
and Rev. H. B. Gage of Riverside. The
following were examined and admitted to
' the presbytery: Rev. W. B. Noble of
! Rodlands, Dr. P. McKlnney of Phoenix
i and Rev. G. C. Griffin of Stockton.
To-night there was a patriotic meeting
lln the city park, which was addressed
i by the Rev. Mr. Gage of Riverside and
• Rev J. R. Jones of Los Angeles. Ser
; mons were delivered by Rev. H. K. Walk
■ er and Rev, Si F. Johnson, the African
missionary.
The next session of the presbytery will
be held In First Church, Los Angeles, on
October 15.
INTEBEST ON BONDS.
Treasury Department Anticipates the
Amounts Pne November 1.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2S.— The Treas
ury Department has decided to anticipate
interest on United States bonds due No
vember' 1. On the five per cents about
SI 250,000 will be paid; on the four per
! cents $1,623,500 and on the new three ber
cents, something less than $1,500,000. The
coupons will be paid October 10, the fours
and fives on the 20th, and the threes as
Boon thereafter as possible.
COMBINE OF MANTTFACTTJBEBS.
PITTSBURG.Sept. 38.— The glass table
ware manufacturers of the country' are in
session here and have practically formed
a combine for the regulation of the prod
uct and prices.
Twenty-six firms are represented. The
combine" will be capitalized at $8,000,000 and
a charter will be taken out in New Jer
sey. The general selling agency will prob
ably be in this city...
BOTTLEMEIR'S CONCERT HALL, reopened
with the Union Ladles' Orchestra, 513 Pacific st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 189 S.
ANCIENT, GAME
SIR WALTER
The Californian Makes
a Track Record.
TOM COLLINS WINS AT LAST
McDonald of California in
jured AT HARLEM.
Louise, Terrene, The Planet, Mound
City, Mazo and Evaline First-
Money Captors Over the
Newport Course.
6p*eial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The track at
Gravesend .was very fast to-day, and the
old Californian, Sir Walter, who had been
on the retired list for over a year, reeled
off a mile and a furlong in 1:54, the track
record. Eddie Jones of California piloted
Whiplash to victory in the two-year-old
handicap, and Irish Reel won in a walk,
with Willie Martin in the saddle. It was
Martin's first appearance In the saddle
since he was injured. Tom Collins was
the surprise of the afternoon. He beat
Kenmore Queen and other fair ones, and
was at odds of 7 to 1. Harmonica cap
tured the maiden race in a drive, and
Moslem again won over the jumps.
First rac«, two-year-old maidens, five fur
longs.
licfv. Hi T. Burns: 1
ser, 115. :.Taraij 0
112 James, 3
oiltan, 115...Llttlefleld|' 2
1 12 1%
0 2 2
3 8 3
2 0 0
Time, 1:02 V Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Dr. Vaughn 115, Dr. Parker 116, Spur* 115,
Asthore 116, Imitation 115, Rock Dove 112, Al
Reeves 112, Ordeal }12, L«dy Exile 112. Exit
112 and Alice Nl?e 112 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 4 to 1, 2 to 1 and 10 to L
Track odds— s to 1, 2 to 1 and 8 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, mares, all ages, on* mile.
•Irish Reel, 112 (W. Martin) 1
Clonsilla, 112 (Spencer) I
Time, 1:44 V. Won In a canter.
•No odds offered.
Third race, handicap, two-year-olds, flvs and
a half furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | H- %• Str. Fin.
"hiplash. 114 :E.
c Keniucklan, 126
.velock, lCrr T. ]
isher. 111 H
, 0 3
3 2
, ' 1 h 1
3 0
S
2
1
0
1
I
3
0
Time. 1:03. Won cleverly. Second and third '
driving.
Campus 96, Tendrease 108, Duke of Baden 107,
Belle of Troy 108 and Jean Ingelow 96 also ran.
SausaJlto odds— 3 to 2. 2 to 1 and 4 to L
Track odds— s to -2, 6 to 2 and a to L
•Favorite.
Fourth rare, handicap, one and an eighth
miles.
Sir Walter. 112 (Clayton) 1
•George Keene, 114 (Clawson) 2
Macy. 124 (T. Burns) 3
Time. 1:54.
Bangle 114 and Sir Gaws.ln 100 also ran.
Bausallto odds— 4 to 1. 2 to 1 and 24 to 1_
Track odds— 9 to 2, 2 to 1 and IS to i.
•Favorlta.
Fifth race, sailing, six furlong*.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j
V V Str. Fin.
Collins, 10« O'i
imore Queen, 106.. E
neystnne, 108 8p«
c Louis, 103 ..M
r Disdain. 103.... C1a
I
i '0
, 2
I 0
, 1
I
0 .
1
0
1
1111 l
3 I h
% 1 3ns
0 4ns
0 0
Time. 1:14 V Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Oxn&rd 108. Philip 103, Saratoga 108, General
M»eeo 103. Blissful 10S and Fleeting Gold 103
also ran.
Saucallto odds— 6 to L 6 to 5 and 3 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 1, 7. to i and 'I to L
•Favorite.
Sixth race. Kings County hurdle handicap,
J one and three-quarter miles.
(•Moslem, 144 (Veltch) 14
Lady Dainty. 142 (Owens).. I
Marshall, 155 (Chandler) i
Time. S:l9. Won easily.
Governor Budd 143 and El Cld 13« also ran.
Sausallto odds — 3 to 2, 2 to 1 and i to L
Track odds— B to 5, 4 to 1 and 11 to 5.
•Favorite.
GOOD THINGS WIN AT NEWPOBT
They Were Louise at 8 to 1 and Mazo
at 8 to 1.
CINCINNATI, Sept. 28.— Louise, played heav
ily, won the first race at Newport course to
day, and Mazo, played down on the track from
8 to 1 to 4 to 1, beat Aureole a nose In the
fifth race. Terrene came from the clouds and i
captured the second event on the card. Conley
rode her. The Planet Just beat Pop Dlxon
a head in the third. Mound City got the money
by a length In the fourth and Evallne was first
by a nose In the last. The track was fast, as
Mound City's six and a half furlongs In, 1:20
shows.
First race, maidens, seven furlongs.
Name and Wl Jockeys.
%. H- *• Str. Fin.
Louise 102 Southard|
The Naulahka, 102.. Dunn
•Fremont, 107 Conley
Garnet Ripple, 104. .Smith
in Jury, 107 Overton
12 12 13 12 11
0 0 2 3 2na
3 3.3 3 3
2h2h 0 0 0
0 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:29. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Sausallto odds— (l to 1, 4 to 5 and t to L
Track odds— s to 1, 7 to 2 and 7 to 10.
•Favorite.
Second race, selling, fly« furlongs.
Name and' Weight. Jockeys.
H. %. Btr. Fin.
•Terrene. 107 Conley
Contravene. 102 T. Green
Erneepie, 105 Brltton
Deerine Turner
0 0 0 11
2 8 12
11h 1 h 3
S 2 2 0
Time, 1:01 V Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Becky Ban 10*. Manila 103, Parakeet 105 and
Mies Patron 107 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 3 to 2. SO to 1 and S to L
Track odds— B to 5, 20 to 1 and 6 to 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, mile and seventy yards.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.
Fhe Planet, 104. Southard
op Dixon. 104 Conley
loyalty, 103 Sweeglen
I. Brush, 108 Nnrvaez
'ntlagne, 103 ..Thompson
rimula, 103 Mathews
hi- 4. %. Str. Fin.
0 0
3 0
0 0
111
2 3
0 3
0 11 lh
3 3 2
0 0 3
1 2 0
22 0 0
0 0 0
Time, 1:46%. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Weenatchle 103, Dawn 101 and Prosecutor 106
also ran.
Sausallto odds— « to 6, 2H to 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— « to 6, 5 to 2 and 10 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, selling;, six and a half furlongs.
i City. 107
X Cup, 104 i
, 109
S. 108 Tl
M, 109 H
2 1114 1 1
000 2 >
0 0 0 3-
3 3 tO
1.1 2 0 .
Time, l:20H- Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Violet Parsons 102, Osmon 112, Dutch Come
dian 108 and Cyclone 109 also ran.
Sausallto odds— 2h% to 1, 2H to 1 and 10 to L
Track odds— lS to 5, 11 to 5 and 10 to 1.
•Favorites.
Fifth race, purse, two-year-olds, five and a
half furlongs.
■ Name and Weight. Jockeys.
H- *. Str.
107 1
le, 109
Seiti, 109.... T
Promise, 109 .
2
3
0
2
3
0
Time, 1:08%: Won driving. Second and third
driving.
I>ana 104. Pretty Rosle 107 and Frances D
109 also ran.
Bausalito odds — 6 to 1. 2 to 1 and 4 to L
Track odds— 4 to 1, 6 to 2 and 4 to L
•Favorite.
i race,
Hame and Wt. Jockeys.
*• *»■ V
105 ..
0
0
0 l.i Ins
•Kitty B, 109 Conley 0 S I 0 1
•Doncella. 11l Nutt 0 0 0 0 J
H. Gardner, 106 . . Narvaex 1111111 0
High Noon, 105.. Southard 2 2 2 2 0
Donation, 105 Brittonl 3 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:45^4. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Kowalsky 104 and Lyllls 105 also ran.
SausaJlto odds— 4 to 1, 2H to 1 and 2H to 1.
Track odds— 4 to 1, 13 to 5 and 8 to 5.
•Favorite.
PRINCE BLAZES AND PELLA B.
Among Those Surprising the Harlem
Talent.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— This was Rutter's day
at Harlem, the lad piloting four of the six
winners, including Pella B at 10 to 1 and Prince
Blazes at 8 to 1. Jolly Roger won the For
ward stakes at pleasant odds and Barrlsso, 6
to 1. took the last in clever style. Imp won the
fourth event with 119 pounds up in very fast
time, and Storm King beat the speedy May
W at .seven furlongs in 1:27 V In the last race
Barrlsso. Lady Juliet and Abe Furst finished
noses apart in the order named. Don Orslno
fell in the second race and McDonald was
bad|y injured.
First race, selling, two-year-olds, five ajid a
half furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.
V 4. %. Str. Fin.
Pella B, 110 :
Major Bell. 113 C.
•The Grinder, 113.. 8eau
Thought So, 110.... H0t!
Rival Dare, 110 W. :
1
0
1
0
3
0 3 Ins
0 0 :
113
13 0
3 \ 0 •* 0
Time, 1:10. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Flora Fink 110. Alpine 110, Scotch Girl 110.
Judge Wofford 110, Faustile 113, Boardman 113.
HI Kollar 113, Wilmington's Pet 115. Pocoanto
115, Vlncennes IIS, Teutons IIS and Maryland
Reserve US also ran.
Track odds— lo to 1. 6to 1 and 4to L
Sausalito udds — 6 to 1, 4 to 1 and 3 to L
•Favorite.
Second race, purse, mils and a sixteenth.
*. V 4. %. Str. Fin.
Prince Blazes, 104..Rutter| 2h 11 11 1 lh
Muskadlne, 100 Everett; 0 Q 0 3 J
Branch, »7 Grand II I I 0 3
Baritaria. 104 Gray 3 3 2 210
Friar John, 105..Beauch'p| 0 0 0 0 0
•Don Orslno, lOS.McD'n'ld: tO 0 0 0 0
tFell at the start. McDonald badly hurt.
Time, l:50H- Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Track odds— « to 1. 10 to 1 and 40 to 1.
Sausalltn odds— 6 to 1. 8 to 1 and 20 to L
•Favorite.
Third race, ForwaM stakes, two-year-olds,
seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.
H. H- %,. Str. Fin.
Jolly Roger, 115.. L. Reiff'
•Spirkuelle. 115.... J. Hill
H. Pardee, 115. ..Shepard
Sea Lion. 118.. T. Murphy
3
2
1
4
3
2
1
4
2
3
1
4
2 1H
3 2
1 ' 3
4 4
Time, l:30W- Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Track odds— 6 to 1, 4 to 5 and « to I
Sausallto odds — 4 to 1, 7 to 10 and < to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, mite and seventy yards.
119 1
11, 94 J.
to, 94 h
na. 91 Sh
12 12 14 IS 12
2 23 23 24 24
3 3 3 3 3
4 4 4 4 4
Time. 1:44H- Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Track odds — t to 5, 6 to 1 and I to L
Sauyalito odds— 7 to 10, 5 to 1 and 2H to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, purse, seven furlongs.
Name and- W't. Jockeys.
■ M. H. %. Str. Fin.
Storm King-, 110 R
•May W. 107..Beaucl
Dave Waldo. 104....
3. 3 2 2 1
2 1 I^ll 11 2
Ih2 S I 3
Time, 1:27! i. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Buck Mr ran 107 and Midian 104 also started.
Latter fell.
Track odds— l to 5. 4 to 5 and 10 to V
Sausaltto odds— 3 to 2, 4. t0 5 and 8 to L
•Favorite. .
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs.
Name and \Velg-ht. Jockeys.
H. %. Str. Fin.
Barrtsso, »8 <
Lady Juliet. 104 McC
•Abe Furst, 10T Ev<
Amelia Fonso, 104 Ri
Red Gld. 98 Se
'000 Ins
il 1 1 0 2ns
t i :.. ih 3
r 3 ■3 ' 24 0
10 0 3 0
Time, 1:13-4. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
Nannie Davis 101, George Le« 101, Hessvllle
104. Hohenzollern JO". Zolo 104, Farley 108. The
resa H 104. Brlgßs 104 and W C T 107 also ran.
Track odds— 6 to 1, 40 to 1 and 8 to 2.
Sausallto odds— 6 to 1, 20 to 1 and 2 to 1.
•Favorite.
RESULTS OF CONTESTS
3N LEAGUE GROUNDS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— .W. L. Pet. 1 Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 51 45 .672 Philadelphia 69 6* .519
Baltimore ..87 47 .649 Plttuburg ...67 72 .482
Cincinnati ..85 55 .603 Louisville ..64 74 .464
Cleveland ...76 60 .559. Brook lyn ....60 79 .3SB
Chicago 77 64 .540 Washington 45 9* .328
New York ..73 64 .533 St. Loul« ....35 107 .257
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 28.— Th« Colo
nels played gilt-edged ball to-day, and the
Orphans narrowly, escaped a shut-out
Attendance 1500. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E.
Louisville 6 13 0
Chicago 17 1
Batteries — Cunningham and Klttredse; Grif
fith and Donohue. Umpires — Swartwood and
Warner.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 2S.— A good crowd saw
Cleveland and Cincinnati play here; to
day. Powell pitched splendid bail, while
Breltensteln had one bad Inning. Attend
ance 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 4 3
Cleveland 4 8 2
Batteries— Breltensteln and Wood; Powell
and Criger. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The Giants had
the game well in hand up to the fifth,
when, the Phillies began to score on good
hitting and poor fielding. They kept It up
until the ninth, when the game was called
on account of darkness. Philadelphia had
scored two- rune in the ninth when the
game was called. Attendance 500. Score:
Club*- . R. H. E.
New York 7 fs 3
Philadelphia S It t
Batteries^-Gettlg and Warner; Piatt ana Mc-
Farland. Umpires — Connolly and Hunt.
JOCKEY SLOAN'S GOOD
DAY AT NEWMARKET
LONDON, Sept. 28.— Tod Sloan, the
American jockey, at the secoml day of
the first October meeting at Newmarket I
to-das", won the Newmarket October
Welter handicap of 500 sovereigns, with
the Lorillard-Beresford stables' three
year-old bay colt, Elfin.
Sloan's mount, The Reeve, a three-year
old bay colt, owned by Lord. Stanley, was
placed In the Great pastern handicap, a
sweepstakes of ten sovereigns each for
Btarters, with 500 sovereigns added, for
three-year-olds and upward, over the
Brenby stakes course (six furlongs).
The race was won by Leopold Roths
child's five-year-old chestnut gelding-,
Fosco, by Juggler, out of Merrie Lassie.
Ten horses ran. The betting was 6 to 1
against the Reeve.
Tod Sloan was victorious in the Trien
nial Produce stakes of 10 sovereigns each,
with 300 sovereigns added, securing me
race with Sir J. Miller's three-year-old
bay colt Galashiels. The betting was 9 to
4 a'galnst Galashiels.
San Jose Harness Races.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2S.— Fine weather, a fast
track and an increase in the attendance' made
the Becond day's harness horse meeting of the
Horsemen's. Association a success. Results:
2:17 class, pacing— Lady Margaret won, D^n
second Billy Baker third. Best time, 2:ISH.
Free-for-all pacing— Much Better won, F W
second. Rex Alto third. Best time, 2:09^.
2:11 class, trotting— Zombro won. Our Jack
second. Osito third. Best time, 2:154.
2:15 class, pacing (unfinished)— First heat-
Juliet D won. Dictatress second, Prlmros*
third. Time, 2:16.
Football at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 28.—
The first football gome of the season -was
played on the campus this afternoon be
tween the Stanford freshmen team and
the Belmont School eleven, resulting in
the defeat of Belmont by a score of ll
to 0.
Winners of Carson Races.
CARSON CITY, Sept. 28.— T0-day was
Reno day at the Ormsby County Pair.
The winners were: Five furlongs, Dlabo
llta In 1:24; one-half-mile dash, Laparah-
BU9 In :53: Arrow took the trot in 2:37
and 2:30; three-fourths mile dash, Silver
State in 1:16.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Norman. 1017-1033 Mission.
HISTORIC JAIL
FOR SPANIARDS
Prisoners Confined in a
Ruined Convent.
MANY SUFFER FROM FEVER
BOILED BICE THE CHIEF FOOD
SUPPLIED.
Corporal Stock of the Volunteer Sig
nal Corps Writes of Life at the
Headquarters of the Phil
ippine Insurgents.
Corporal William J. Stock of the Vol
unteer Signal Corps, writing to his pa
rents in this city from Bacoor, midway
between Cavite and Manila, under date
of August 8, gives information outside
of that found in the letters of corre
spondents to the newspapers. He
writes:
I am writing this in the old F-anish
"Tribunal Municipal del Pueblo de Ba
coor," where we established a telegraph
office on the line between Cavite and tne
front, but owing to the lines oeing ex
tended this is no longer the terminal. The
main body of the corps has been ordered
to the front. Within a stone's throw oi!
the queer old building in which 1 am is
the convent of Bacaor, a large church and
buildings of the familiar rea-tiled Mission
style, it is now no longer used as a
church, for in 1S1»6 it was captured by me
insurgents, who made a stronghold of IX,.
It was then bombarded by the Spanish
fleet and is now in about the same con
dition -that it was after the bombardment.
The walls and the roof are shattered uy
Spanish projectiles and one cannot gaze
upon the interior without a feeling of sad
ness. The vaulted ceiling is completely
wrecked, the altars are partly demolish
ed, the tombs of the padres torn up and
their bones scattered about, a frightful
monument of the devastation of shot and
.shell.
The adjoining house is used as a prison,
and the sight of the poor Spanish prison
ers, pale by reason of confinement, nearly
all afflicted with fever, nearly all bare
footed, looking thin and despondent, is
enough to bring tears to fhe eyes of ar
most any one. Their only food is a little
boiled rice and a small piece ot meat to
each man, and which they themselves
must cook on hot coals, for they have no
cooking utensils.
This is the headquarters of the insur
gents, and they are an interesting lot.
Some wear captured Spanish uniforms
and others wear only dull brown, brilliant
red or blue trousers, a thin, gauze-like
shirt and a big straw hat. They are all
barefooted. Each carries a machete and
either a Remington or Mauser rifle slung
over the shoulder. The life ambition of
each seems to be to own a revolver, and
they frequently pay as high as forty and
fifty Mexican dollars for one. They pro
fess great friendship for the Americans,
and when any move along the streets j
they are hailed with cries of "Viva los i
Americanos," and the litile children take
up the cry. These little Filipinos are a
precocious lot, nearly all read and write
and speak Spanish. I have seen boys ,
from 10 to 12 years of age in the ranks
alongside of gray-haired men, the young- ,
sters carrying small rilles.
The nights here are beautiful, fireflies |
flit about in all directions and they are so j
bright that they can be seen at a distance
of a blcck. Bats, crickets, lizards and
.frogs are numerous. Violent thunder
storms, accompanied with much rain, are
of frequent occurrence, both day and
night. Our drinking water is the rain
caught in ollas from roofs. The ordinary
cistern and river water is unfit for use,
though the natives use the former.
Camp Dewey is a queer looking camp.'
It is as large as was Camp Merritt, or
larger. The men are living in shelter
tents erected on bamboo platforms about
two feet from the ground. It looks like
one of those Chinese fishermen's villages
I saw at Monterey. When it rains at the
camp, it does rain and in a very short
time there is three inches of water on the
ground.- therefore the reason for elevated
platforms.
On my way from Camp Dewey to Ba
coor I rode one of those miserable little
beasts that here are by courtesy called
horses. They are not more than four
feet high and weigh about three hundred
pounds, but they are remarkably strong
and useful in drawing the two-wheeled,
two-seated; almost springless carts of the
country', called "carramettas." I wish
you could have seen me astride of one of
those animals coming from camp with
i*ll my equipments; rubber poncho, haver
sack, canteen, carbine, cartridge belt full
of cartridges, and a large wood ax. My
feet were within ten inches of the ground
and I am sure by appearance must have
been as impressive as was that of Sancho
Ennza when out with Don Quixote.
My observation teaches me that the talk
about this climate being unhealthy is all
bosh. The air is warm, but we experi
enced air so much warmer on the ocean
trip that this is cool by comparison.
There is no suspicion of the damp, hot
house-like atmosphere I expected to meet:
on the contrary, it is mIM and balmy. The
native banana which has a name that
sounds like "sarragin" is delicious. They
cost "un centavo." a piece which is one
eightieth part of a Mexican dollar, and a
Mexican dollar here is worth about forty
five cents of our money. The oranges are
thick-skinned, full of seeds and the skin
is a bright green when the fruit is ripe,
but- they do not compare with the navel
oranges of California. The native fruits
nre somewhat queer and I do not care
to have any of them. From all I have
seen, and from what I can learn, if an
individual will take reasonably good care
of himself, he need have no fear in regard
to becoming ill.
Under date of the 27th Corporal Stock
writes of the attack on Manila, and
regrets that acting under orders he
was placed on top of the old church at
Bacoor to receive signals, and could
only see the smoke of battle, while
others of the corps were at the front.
BREAK IN THE YOBA
POWER COMPANY DITCH
Marysville in Total Darkness at
Night Because of the
Disaster.
MARYSVILL.E, Sept. 2?.— The ditch
that provides the motor power for the
Tuba Power Company's electric plant
broke to-day, and in consequence Marys
ville is in total darkness to-night, the
city's lighting contract being with this
company. It is feared that there will be
numerous recurrences of these condi
tions during the approaching winter, as
the ditch crosses a mountainous region
■where landslides are frequent in rough
weather.
Winners of Eureka Races.
EUREKA, Sept. 28.— There was a large at
tendance at the Ferndale fair to-day. The rac
ing events were won as follows:
Quarter mile and repeat— Entries, Rondo.
Ikey Jake, Humboldt Maid. Jake won In
straight heats. Time, :24%. 24*.
Trotting, two-mile dash — Entries, Brice Me-
NeiU, Nea Locke, General Eton. McNeill won.
Time. 4:38 V
Named trotting race, two In three — Entries,
Doc Moore. Long Tom, Rowdy. Long Tom
won first and third heats. Time, 2:40^ each
heat. Rowdy taking second heat In 2:42.
Editor Rush on the Warpath.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 28.— Thomas H.
Rush, editor of the San Rafael Sun, while
intoxicated last evening, tried to break
the door of the Marin County market.
When arrested by Night Watchmen Mil
ler and O'Brien he showed fight and had
to be thrown down and dragged to a cell
in the County Jail. He was released to
day and charged in Justice Gardner's
court with disturbing the pep.ee.
The Growth of Socialism.
It Is argued by deep thinkers that the growth
of socialism is due to the large standing armies
of the world, in which men are often made to
enlist against their will, and thus become dis
contented with existing conditions. The growth
of a stronger race of people Is due to the large
sale of Hostetter^s Stomach Bitters, which Is
tha best medicine for costlveness, dyspepsia,
fever, ague and all nervous troubles. Try on*
bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIGSC HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. . Small Dose-
Small Price. ,
Health is Wealth.
UullSl !W liUuSllla
DR. E. C. WEST'S
NERVE AND BRAIN TREATMENT
the ORIGINAL. all others IMITATIONS, , .
I Is sold under positive Written Guarantee.
by authorized agents only, to euro Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakefulner-s, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
| donee. Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
! ful Errors, or Excessive Use of Tobacco, Opium,
i or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
i box; six for f5; with written caarantec'to
care or refund money. Snniple pack-
| age. containing iive days treatment, with full
instructions, 25 cents. One sample only Bold to
i each person. At store or by mail.
t 155" Red Label Special A^^^l
Extra Strength. fe«^jJ
For Impotoncy, Loss of<«33f* - 4r W
Power, Lost Manhood, Wi &L,
Sterility or Barrenness.! T> v***f
$1 a box; cix for *5. wit!,»,N>wr
written firuaranteeHa^aV
B&w> RE £s^?fe AtDtore^^Sp;
GEO. DAHLBEXDER & CO., Sole Agents,
214 Kearny st.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
t\(\F Tttr. Full Set of Teeth
•S&rO* 1% extracting free $500trp
<^j&iJf£L*SP < ' Gold Crowns 22k J3SOUP
1 V" Fillings - -. - 25 cts. up
•f 1 -e-T^Z^SK^e-jS Open Evenings &SundaTl
P^Jl^Ti VAN VROOM
s *r Electro Dental Parlors
4» 4rN . ••Sixth and Market
w - Dr. G W. Kleisar, Prop.
Use ' f*%> and
Facial Soap I^/ Facial Cream.
If anything alls your Skin, Scalp, Complex-
ion or Hair, call on or write Dermatologist
JOHN H. WOODBUKY, 122 West 42d at., New
York, 163 State st., Chicago.- Use Woodbury's
■ Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Facial and Tooth
Powder. Sold everywhere. • ,
f visit DR. JORDAN'S **••*■
jgm Museum of Anatomy
|Mra\ Y.ll itisnr 11. tat. 6th 1 : ti, >. T. CtL
9 i^*A W The Largest of IU kind In On World.
B^a^i DR. JORDAN—Prtvata Diseases.
ConsnlMttsa tTf. "n rite far Book
W I Philosophy of Marriage.
ft O mailed rwtt.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Part*, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. FOUQER & CO.
«i.n Sf T.n BY ALL. DRCOr.ISTS
M.^jti^'-'At \ii-- NO quacks.";
A eood * Electric Bek
/^*JE*^<~A^S^^^!ll cure WITHOUT
Sgsf^?^v??^^a.\;KDlClNE. Buy aa
■Bs^L j>^2-~. -rr jeil ti " you see "Dr.
MBiWn^wS&TikiE-*?^ Pierce" s." Boole free.
I ,JGj=*a\k£g£S§iU-P?^N' Call or address,
i^wfSjSsSC/Av^*'- FIERCE ELECTRIC
"/fl*~'l>J^ «^ CO., 620 MARKET
V"? STREET, opp. Palace Hotel,
Mention tV Ban Francisco.
this paper.
. AMUSEMENTS. .
M VMDI 1 Eddy, cor. Mason— GREAT NEW
ULliliriA LILLIAN MONTEREY:
! NADINE ALLEN; THE AMERICAN ANNA
HELD; KELLY & VIOLETTE: MARTIN'S
WONDERFUL DOGS; TRIXEDO. and others.
Admission Free. Matinee Sunday.
Having occasion, 'one^day, 'to^dictategto a stenographer in the business ofSc*
of one of the treat Philadelphia newspapers,' I remarked that his duties ' must bo
tiresome and di»3cult from being obliged to write down notes of what so many differ-
eat persons said and, therefore, compelled to accustom himself to all sorts of articula-
tion. "Yes." was his reply, very' few people realize the exacting labor such a
position entails. A clear head is absolutely, necessary and the least illness of tea
, seriously affects » the correct performance of my work. • For instance,' I at one tim«
suffered from a stomach trouble brought on,' I suppose, by eating cold lunches hastily,
as is necessary with me, and * I finally felt that the trouble would break me up. You
know a disordered stomach is: invariably the foot of any head trouble and of all
things a stenographer's head must be clear. I finally found an effective remedy in
RIPANS TABULES -which I saw advertised in our paper. They are magical in their
effects, and, by the way, did you ever see anything of the sort put up in such superb
shape ? I have found that they seem to rectify nearly every ill, for several of my friends
have taken my prescription of a Tabule now and then with results for which they hay«
heartily thanked me. The dull; heavy headaches I sometimes " had are all gone now.
If : I take dictation from a man who annoys me and makes me nervous I always take •
Tabule at the time, and if his breath is not sweet I give one to him." •
! A aeV itrie parfcet containing Trie tabctss ta % paper carton (vtthoot kImB) <■ no* toe <■!•■* mm drff
gBo«»»--roK »mi cfewrs. - This low-priced Bert is intended tor poor and the aoooonitmt. ati—n cc tarn
flT*-centeu-tioosXllOtaba}ef>)faui be bad by mail by roodim? fortT-attfct cents totb« Ktf-MB CimnTlT. OBa>.
».«r =in. v Su-oot, Neir York— or » caxton (t5» will bo mo» tor »t» eaate
AMUSEMENTS.- ' g
~-~- -p"; ~~~ :---■,- ■ : \
MR. and MRS. R. J. DUSTIN AND COM-
PANT in "THE MAN UPSTAIRS."
LEW , HAWKINS, Monologlst Suprem*. . |
" ANGLO-AMERICAN QUARTET. Mlllt4TJ
Sketch. "IN CAMP."
SANKEY BROS., Novelty Gymnast*.;
BESSIE BONEHILL, new songs. '■'. . . -.
LOUIS CAZEAU, Wonder Magician.
MLLE. JEANNE FRANKO. Vlollnjlt. .. ,
1 THE PAOLIS and PO<3.
BIOGRAPH. new views.
j Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
V and Box Seats, EOc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
BALDWIN THEATER-
A Beautiful Production of a Charming; VMVS
AN ENEMY TO THE KING.
I Elaborately Presented by the new FRA ! WI.E!
COMPANY and . ...
.. . BLANCHE BATES.".,;
j Every evening. . including Sunday— Mating
■ Saturday. Regular Frawley prices, 25c to $1.
Next Week— "THE LAST . WORD." :. ■
COLUMBIA THEATER. 
NANCE r O'INEIL
• And the McKEE RANKIN CO.
TO-NIGHT, Friday. Saturday and Sunday
» ■■- . ■•: ■:, Evenings, ■ • —-•
OLIVER TWIST.
Saturday Matinee— "INGOMAR."
Next- Week— 'TßUE TO LIFE" and "GA-
MILLE." ;■■-■■ ■■-. > ■ . . ■■' '  ■»
Corner Eddy and Jones St». Tel. South US.
CREATING A GENUINE FUROR t
The FLYING AUSTINS end the HUMAN
FLY, AIMEE, in her phenomenal act of ceil- '
ing walking. . ;.<■.;, ■ .y
FOUR OLIFANS. . Grotesque Novelty Artists.
FORD AND LEWIS, th« Most Absurd In- '
dividuals Living.
NAT M. BRIGHAM. America's Ballad Tenor.
ORDWAY AND RAND, the Wonderful Bi-
cyclist and the Tramp.
McBRIDE AND DALLON. Irish Comedy Doo.
Last week of MR. and MRS. DREW. CO-
RINNE.. Grand Cake Walk. Reserved seat*
; 25c and 50c. Box seat 50c. Matinees Wednes-
day, Saturday and Sunday. 25c; children 10c:
: any seat.
iPIOSCO'S GRANDS
v a.ltke Monosco, Sole Lessee and Man««et .
I RETURN ENGAGEMENT OF THE POPU-
LAR ACTOR,
JAMES M. BROPHY
As "SVENGALI." J
In Paul M. Potter's Great Drama. 1
"TRILBY !"
Correctly Cast! Sumptuously Staged!
POPULAR PRICES "Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and BOc.
Family Circle and Gallery, .. 10c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor and Manager.
LAST WEEK OF THE GRA2>O OPERA
SEASON.
To-night and Sunday Evenings, Special Mat-
inee Saturday. \
ROMEO AND JULIET.
To-morrow Evening,
"THE QUEEN OF"
Saturday Evening, Last Time,
"ll_ TF*O\//\TORE.»'
NEXT WEEK— "THE BOHEMIAN GIRL •*
Look Out for "THE CIRCUS QUEEN."
Popular prices. 2.' and 50c. N. B. — A .re-
served seat for the matinee, 25c. Our telephone
i Bush 9. --:-;:
'alcazar
YOU CAN'T HELP ENJOYING
N. . C. GOODWIN'S Most Successful Play
! "IN miZZOURA!"
Picturesque Scenery. '
'SEATS 1 15c, 25c, 35c, EOa
Only Matinee Saturday.
NEXT WEEK— "THE WIFE." . .
j — — ■
COMEDY_THEATER.
Ladies' Fan Souvenir Matinee Saturday
Regular Family Matinee Sunday.
25 CENTS TO ALL PARTS.
LAST WEEK. .; j;
HARRY CORSON CLARKE In
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
Next Monday— "SIGNAL OF LIBERTY."
THE BIG SHOW.
CHUTES^AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING. '
! UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS OF
....PIETRO MARINO....
Yiollnlst-YSAYE'S PRIDE!
Muzino's Japanese Acrobats
And a Big Bill In the Free Theater.
10c, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, tot
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10. - - - - CHILDREN
Bathing, with admission. 2Ec; children. Mo.
78
UNCLE SAM'S
FUTURE SHIPS
Decided Revolution in
Construction.
ADVANCE IN FORMER DESIGNS
ELABOBATE PBOGBAMME FOB
THE COMING YEAR.
Three First-Class Battleships, Four
Coast Defense Monitors and
Many Torpedo Boats and
Destroyers.
Bpcctal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 27. — The
United States revolutionized naval con
struction and methoO in 1861, and it
has been revolutionizing them ever
since. It la true, other nations have
been progressing more rapidly numeri
cally, but scientifically in hulls, ma
chinery and armaments the United
States naval constructors have again
set the pace for the world. The expe
riences of the war with Spain have sug
gested new departures. The ships of
the future additions to the American
navy will bo a marked advance on
former designs.
The naval programme for 1898-99, un
der the act of May 4, 1890, provides for
three flrst-class battleships, four coast
defense monitors, twelve torpedo boats
and sixteen torpedo destroyers.
Bids for the four harbor defense mon
itors will be opened at the Navy De
partment on Monday next. These
vessels will present some of the
most radical advances in the mod
ern fighting machinery. The monitor
principle has always been distinctively
Amoriran. There are many who re
gard them as the best all-round war
ship yet designed.
The act of Congress, appropriating
for the naval service for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1599, under "increase of i
the navy," referring to the four harbor i
defense vessels of the monitor type, j
limits the cost of these vesels to $1,500,- i
MEET WITHOUT
A PROGRAMME
Remarkable Convention
of Democrats.
DICK CROKER DULY SALUTED
RALLY OF NEW YOHK BOURBONS
AT SYRACUSE.
An Attempt to Ingraft a Plank in
the Platform Reaffirming the
Free Silver Doctrine
Fails.
Special Dlßpatch to The Call.
SYRACUSE, N. V., Sept. 28.— The
Democratic State convention met here
at noon to-day absolutely without a
slate or programme other than the tem
porary organization agreed upon in the
State Committee last night. It is in
many respects the most remarkable po
litical convention ever held.
When Mr. Croker entered the con
vention hall his appearance caused a
tremendous demonstration. Mayor Mc-
Guire of Syracuse was greeted with
cheers, especially from the galleries.
Senator Murphy also was liberally ap
plauded.
Chairman Elliott Danforth announced
that the State Committee had directed
him to present as the temporary offi
cers of the convention the Hon. George
M. Palmer of Schoharle as chairman,
and as assistant secretaries Calvin
Huson, Thomas E. Benedict, Frank P.
Hulett and C%trk Day.
Chairman Palmer charged that
the .Republicans had squandered and
wasted the people's money; that the
laws enacted by them had favored the
classes as against the masses; that
many new and neudlees offices had been
created to reward political servants,
and that laws had been passed under
the Republican party lash having for
their sole object the protection and fos
tering of monopolies and trusts.
Palmer attacked the record of the Re
publicans on the State canal expendi
tures, charging corrupt methods in the
use of money, and said no- attempt had
been made to correct any of these
abuses.
The- roll was called and at its comple
tion Delegate J. C. Pierce of Rochester
sent to the platform a resolution which
he asked to have read.
Chairman Palmer announced that the
resolution would be referred to the
committee on resolutions when ap
poLnted. Pierce walked down the cen
ter aisle, loudly demanding that the
resolution be read. "That is a resolu
tion to Instruct the committee on reso
lutions," he said, "and now Is the
proper time for it to be read."
Palmer announced that his decision
was that the resolution should be re
ferred to the committee on resolutions,
and directed the clerk to proceed with
the reading of resolutions for the ap
pointment of committees. The resolu
tion which Mr. Pierce desired read was
as follows:
"I move that when the committee on
resolutions is appointed that they are
Instructed to ingraft in their resolu
tions a plank reaffirming the Chicago
platform of 1896."
Pierce is one of the contesting dele
grates from Monroe County and it is
improbable that he will be given an
other opportunity to present this mo
tion-
When the delegraticmg from each Sen
atorial district had been advised to
send to the secretary the name of their
representative on each of the commit
tees on credentials, resolutions and
permanent organization a recess was
taken until 11 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing.
NEW JERSEY DEMOCHATS
NAME CRANE FOR GOVERNOR
Refuse to Come Out for Free Silver
and Deplore "Criminal Incompe
tenoy" of War Department.
TRENTON, N. J., Sept. 28.— The Demo
TYPE OF THE NEW COAST DEFENSE MONITORS SOON TO BE BUILT.
(From drawings made by the Bureau of Construction and Repair, Navy Department.)
000 each. The limit of time for comple
tion is twenty-one months, w.ith penal
ties from $300 to $600 a day for failure.
The Navy Department, in the con
struction of this class of vessel, eecur
ing the greatest results at the ltast ex
penditure of money, has in view n t
only the securing of the mainland har
bors of the United States, but also of
its island possessions in the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans.
The design for the monitors, which
have been named Arkansas, Connecti
cut, Florida and Wyoming, was. pre
pared by Chief Constructor Hichborn.
It was decided that the best all round
arrangement that could be built with
the available appropriation was the ar
rangement with single-balanced turret
on the center line forward, containing
two high-powered 12-inch breech-load
ing rifles, a gun that has just been de
signed to be used with smokeless pow
der; four 4-inch rapid-fire breech-load
ing rifles, also to be used with smoke
less powder, complete the. main bat
tery. The secondary battery will con
sist of three six-pounder rapid-fire and
four 1-pounder automatic rifles.
The general characteristics of these
vessels, as shown in the elements of de
sign, will be: Length on load water
line. 225 feet; breadth (extreme) at
water line. 50 feet; mean draft at nor
mal displacement, 12 feet 6 Inches; nor
mal displacement, about 2700 tons;
cratic State Convention nominated for
Governor Elvin W. Crane, the prosfcu
tor of Essex County, and adopted a plat
form which in a measure supports the
Democratic national platform. The con
vention, however, without debate de
feated a proposition to sprciticully indorse
the platform adopted by the Chicago con
vention of 1896. This for a few moments
caused considerable turmoil, but tho band
struck up .l lively tune, and Anally the
silver men accepted the situation grace
fully. Later, when Mr. Crane bad b< en
nominnttd. senator Daly and Clarence
Atkinson, both of whom were special fa
vorites of the silver men and were can
didates for the nomination, mounted the
platform and promised to do all they
could to Insure Mr. Crane's election. A
feature of the convention was the pres
ence of a delegation of colored men, who
had called to pledge support to the con
vention's nominee.
The war plank of the platform is as
follows:
We declare that the thanks of the people
of the State arnl nation ar>- due to the Boldlera
and sailors of the army and navy of the United
States who have imperiled their lives in deft na€
of their country and in vindication of the honor
of lt« flag In the recent Spanish war; that the
nation owes them permanent recognition of
their i.atrlotinni nr.ii their valor and ample
and permanent provision for those of their sur
vivors who have received disabling and honor
able wuunds in the service of the country, and
that the memory of thuse who have fallen in
Its defense shall be held In grateful and ever
lasting remembrance; that the. State should
make suitable provision for additional pay to
our New Jersey volunteers. While we rejoice
and fpel thankful to them for their great vic
tories on land and sea, we denounce the gross,
open, criminal lncompetency of those planed in
and defiantly kept In charge of the affairs of
the War Department of the present adminis
tration of the Government of the United States,
resulting in the neodlfss loss of life and the
infliction of horrible punVrinpr and torture upon
thousands of the brave defenders of the coun
try's honor, and we charge the present admin
istration with being solely responsible for the
horrible results of this Incompetenny of Gov
ernment officials, continued even after the ap
palling results wore repeatedly brought to the
attention of the President of the United States
and his official advisers, and we call the atten
tion of the people of the Ptat" to the fact that
up to this time not a single example has been
made of a Government official responsible for
these monstrous wrongs. We deplore the spec
tacle of an ex-Governor of this State, now a
member of that Cabinet, appearing at a public
convention of his party as the apologist and
defender of Algorism and its results.
OREGON READY FOR
HER LONG VOYAGE
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— The United
States battleship Oregon went down from
the Brooklyn Navy Yard and anchored
off Tompkinsville, preparatory to her
start on her long voyage to the Pacific.
The Oregon draws more than two feet
over her normal draft, 28 feet, bo that
she is over 30 feet in the water. Besides
an enormous consignment of stores and
provisions, she carries 14C0 tons of coal
and more than 500 tons of ammunition.
In order to carry this amount oi powder
and shells a number of temporary maga
zines were constructed In her hold.
As the ship moved out of the navy yard
her band began to play "Homeward
Bound." Her crew was drawn up on the
port bow, with tne marine guard abaft
the bow. The dock was crowded with
marines and sailors and a crowd of spec
tators. Cheers were exchanged. The
Oregon was cheered by the crews of the
Texas, lowa. Massachusetts and Rain
bow, which she passed on her way nut.
She responded by the blowing of her big
steam siren.
The Oregon will remain at Tompkins
ville until to-morrow, when she i.« to be
Joined by the lowa. The two will then
begin their cruise to the Philippines. It
was said at the navy yard that the rea
son the lowa was unable to start to-day
was that she was waiting for an addi
tional consignment of ammunition which
is expected to arrive to-day.
MOUNTAIN COPPER
COMPANY'S PROJECTS
REDDING, Sept. 28.— An Important en
largement of the scope of operations of
the Mountain Copper Company at Kes
wiek and Iron Mountain is now under
way. An order has been placed with the
Terry Lumber Company for 1.500,000 feet of
lumber. The bunk and boardinf house
capacity of the company is being en
larged so as to accommodate from 200 to
300 more men, which will bring the list
of employes up to 2000 men.
The company's railroad will be extended
seven miles, so as to take in sonic rich
copper deposits lately discovereu on the
corporation's patented land. Ground is
being cleared for the construction of sev
eral additional smelters, made necessary
by an increased ore output.
The company's refinery is located in New
Jersey, and as the refined product is mar
keted almost wholly in the Eastern Static
there is no probability of a removal of
the plant to Keswick, at least in me near
future. When the markets of the Orient
6hall take the copper products of Shasta
County the Mountain Copper Company
announces it will erect :ear Redding the
largest copper refinery in the world. Six
ty-six thousand pounds sterling were dis
tributed in dividends to American and
English stockholders of the Mountain
Copper Company for the first year of its
operation. x
Advance* made on furnltiire and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan,lolT-l0ttMl«9lon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
total coal capacity, loose stowage, 200
tons.
In the details of design will appear
these characteristics: The hull is to
be of steel, not sheathed, with double
bottom and close watertight subdivi
sions.
There will be one military mast, fitted
with lighting and searchlight tops.
Seven boats are to be stowed clear
of the blast of the guns, two being the
lifeboats, which are to be carried at
davits so as to be quickly lowered.
The protection of the hull against in
jury to the water line region is to be
afforded by means of a side armor belt,
the maximum thickness being 11 inches,
tapering to 5 inches at the armor shelf,
the depth being 5 feet. The maximum
thickness is abreast the engine and
boiler spaces; thence forward and
aft it is reduced by steps to a mini
mum thickness of 5 Inches at the bow
and stern. The barbettes for the 12
inch guns will have armor about 10
inches thick.
The turret is of the Hichborn bal
anced type, with front plate inclined
forty-two degrees from the vertical.
The side plates of the turret armor are
to be 9 inches thick.
The main or protected deck is to ex
tend throughout the length of the ves
sel, to be worked flat. The total thick
ness will be one and one^half inches.
BOMBSHELL IN
THE REA CAMP
New Move Made in the
Slander Suit.
THE COMPLAINT AMENDED
ACTION MAY REOPEN THE EN
TIRE CASE.
Plans of the Defense Upset by a
Decision of the Court
in Favor of the
Plaintiff.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 28.— A new phase
appeared in the Jarman-Rea slander
suit to-day and one liable to result in
a reopening of the plaintiff's case. This
was the decision by Judge Kittredge to
allow Attorney Delmas to amend the
complaint. The presentation of "an
amended complaint yesterday was a
move not expected by Rea's counsel
and completely upset the plans of the
defense. They had stated all along that
the complaint contained no grounds for
action and expected a nonsuit.
Now that Jarman has been allowed
to amend his complaint this is changed.
New evidence will be introduced and
complainant can go over the whole case
again. This also strengthens their case
and will cause the defense to offer an
abundance of testimony. The entire
afternoon was occupied in arguing the
demurrer to the amended complaint.
Attorney Delmas occupied but a short
time this morning in arguing for the
privilege of amending the complaint.
In his argument he said that there was
not a person in the world, whose in
telligence was above that of a dog,
who would not understand Rea's slan
derous remarks to mean that he
charged Jarman with being corrupt
and with having accepted a bribe. He
characterized the boss' acts as an at
tempt "to stab the reputation of Jar
man to the heart." According to Rea
ethics, said the speaker, since money
was lying around loose Jarman was a
fool if he did not take some and if he
did he was a knave.
Judge Kittredge held that plaintiff
had a right to amend his complaint at
this time. The court said that when the
demurrer was presented without argu
ment he had overruled it. In that he
had erred. Had he sustained the de
murrer when presented the plaintiff
would certainly have been allowed to
amend his complaint. After having his
right cast out without an opportunity to
argue it and the court had practically
sustained the demurrer In after decis
ions therefore he held the plaintiff
could exercise that right at this time.
This caused consternation among
Rea's attorneys, and when they recov
ered from their surprise they said they
would demur on these grounds: That
the words uttered by Rea were not ac
tionable and slanderous per se and that
the complaint does not set forth any
specific damage resulting therefrom.
This afternoon a demurrer along
these lines was presented. It also
prayed that judgment, with costs, be
given for defendant. Attorney More
house opened argument for defense.
He was followed by Delmas for plaintiff
and the latter in turn by Burchard for
defendant.
ON THEIR WAY TO THE
PARIS CONFERENCE
Major General Merritt, Major Stroth
er and Captain Howell Pass
Port Said.
PORT SAID, Egypt, Sept. 28.— Major
General Merritt, United States army,
Major Strother, aid de camp, and Cap
tain Mott Howell, the general'B secre
tary, passed through here to-day on
board the steamer Arcadia, on their
way to Paris.
A conning tower of 7^6 Inches in
thickness, having an armored com
munication tube 3 inches in thickness,
will be carried In a suitable command-
Ing position forward, the tu^e extend
ing to the armor deck and affording
protection to the voice tubes, bell
wires, etc.
The vessel will be driven by twin
screws. The engines (two in number)
are to be of the vertical, trlple-expan-
slon type, in one water-tight compart
ment. The high-pressure cylinder 17
inches in diameter, the intermediate
26>4 inches, and the low-pressure 40
inches; the stroke of the engine is to
be 34 inches. The boilers (four in num
ber) are to be of the water tube type,
constructed for a working pressure of
250 pounds, and are to be placed in
one water-tight compartment. Then
will be the usual auxiliary machinery
and workshop tools.
The total coal Winker capacity wfll
allow at least 200 tons with loose stow
age, without trimming.
These vessels will have staterooms
in addition to one for the captain for
six officers, require a complement of
crew of 125, for whom ample berthing
I space has been provided. Store rooms
are provided for one month's supply of
clothing, contingent and small stores.
The estimated speed of the vessel Is
to be 12 knots, amply sufficient for a
harbor-defe.nse vessel.
These harbor-defense monitors, which
will have all the latest improvements
known to naval science, will be im
portant additions to the navy, and be
ing small, with large crew accommoda
tions for vessels of their size, they will
be valuable for the use and instruction
of the naval militia, that important or
ganization which has so ably served
the Government In the late war with
Spain.
WARNING OF THE
COMING STRUGGLE
Sarrien's Letter to the
French Magistrates.
ZURLINDEN AS A DICTATOR
UNDER CERTAIN CONDITIONS HE
MAY BECOME A BOULANGER,
Bigors of Dreyf us' Imprisonment to
Be Modified Pending the Result
of the Application for a
New Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— A dispatch to
the World from Paris says: The letter
of the Minister of Justice to the Magis
trates throughout France about at
tacks on the army is said to be a warn
ing of the coming struggle between the
Jesuits, who are stated to rule the
army, and the ultramontanes and
radicals, who wish to reap political
power.
General Zurlinden left the Cabinet
because he represented the Jesuits,
and especially the Alsatian party. In
deed, it is noticeable how many names
in the Dreyfus case are Alsatians and
almost German.
If the Jesuits win the day and Drey
fus is not released, it is quite on the
cards that General Zurlinden will turn
out another Boulanger, and that
France will have a military dictator
ship.
It is expected that the Minister of
Justice, M. Sarrien, if he has not al
ready done so, will issue directions that
the rigors of the imprisonment of Drey
fus be modified according to custom,
pending a final decision in his case,
which is now before the Court of Cas
sation.
CLASS CONFIRMED BY
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN
One Hundred and Eighty Young Peo
ple Taken Into the Catholic
Church.
SAN RAFAEL. Sept. 28.— This was a red
letter day for the boys at St. Vincent's
Orphan Asylum, situated in the line 1 of
the broad gauge railway, four miles north
of this city. The rites of confirmation
in the Catholic church was administered
to 180 of them by Archbishop Riordan.
About 160 were inmates of the institution
and twenty came from San Rafael and
Novata parishes.
Archbishop Riordan , came from San
Francisco last evening: as the guest of
Rev. Father Hugh Lagan, the pastor of
St. Raphael's. This morning the two
were joined at the asylum by Rev. Joseph
Phelan of the Church of the Holy
Rosary, situated on the asylum grounds
Rev. Joseph Byrne., of the Church of Our
Lady of Loretto, at Novata, Rev. P. Filey
of St. Joseph's Church, Alameda, and*
Rev. Father Crowley, superintendent of
the Youths' , Directory. .
The Archbishop was assisted in the rites
of confirmation by all the visiting priests
as well as by Fathers Lagan and Phelan.
The music for the : ceremony was fur
nished by an orchestra of twenty-three
pieces. A striking feature was the song
by a Jesuit choir of seventy voices all
being members ; of the institution. A
large number of visitors, friends and rela
tives of the youths ; confirmed were pres
ent. They were taken In charge by Broth
er Superior Michael and hospitably en
tertained prior to and' after the cere
mony.
♦ .
CHIEFS OF GREAT COUNCIL.
BINGHAMTON, N. V., Sept. 28.— The
following chiefs of the Great Council of
the United States, Order of Red Men
have been appointed by Hon George E*
Green, the great Incohonee of the order'
Great tocahon, Paat- Grand Sachem P j'
Dobbs of New York: gTeat Minerva, Past
Great Sachem F. H. Baylor of Oregon
great guard of the forest, Past Great
Sachem G. W. Carey of Ohio.
The facsimile . j^tf _j/ fj. *?* •■ : '*»<>» *T er 7 wrapper
dgnaturt of i*ijz//z7<CUc&6At of OASTOBIA.
PAVILION HOSPITAL
ON ANGEL ISLAND.
General Merriam Given Authority by Tel
egrapb to Have It Con
structed,
WASHINGTON, Sept. 28.— Major General Merriam, commanding
the Department of the Pacific, to-night was given authority by tele
graph to erect a pavilion hospital of 400 .beds on Angel Island, near
San Francisco. The definite location and plans of the hospital are to
be approved by Lieutenant Colonel Mlddleton, chief surgeon of the
Department of the Pacific.
Several days ago Lieutenant Colonel Middleton recommended to
Surgeon General Sternberg that, In view of the occupation of Manila
by 20 000 troops and of Honolulu by 4000 troops, a pavilion hospital
be erected at some convenient point near San Francisco for the ac
commodation of patients that might be sent back to this country.
The post hospital at the Presidio at San Francisco has accommoda
tions for only forty patients, and Its beds are required for garrison
patients. The division hospital, located in two af the barrack build
ings, has at present 325 patients. The room it now occupies will be
needed shortly by the troops as barracks.
Lieutenant Colonel Middleton regards Angel Island as the most
desirable location in the vicinity of San Francisco for a hospital. The
climate is salubrious, It is free from wind and fog, and Is isolated
from the city, being reached only by boat.
Secretary Alger approved the recommendation of Lieutenant
Colonel Middleton, and General Merriam was directed to have the chief
quartermaster erect the building at once, expediting its construc
tion as much as possible.
WELCOMED BY
M. DEL CASSE
American Commission
ers Presented.
EXCHANGE OF COMPLIMENTS
PRANCE'S FOREIGN MINISTER
SAYS NICE THINGS.
Spain's Peace Representatives Also
Received and Invited to Meet
the Americana at
Breakfast.
. Special Dispatch to The Cell.
PARIS, Sept. 28.— The United States
Peace Commission went Into session at
11 o'clock this morning.
During the afternoon the American
commissioners assisted at their first
formal function in France— their recep
tion by the Minister of Foreign Affairs,
M. del Casse. At 3 o'clock the United
States Embassador, General Horace
Porter, called at the Continental Hotel
for the Americans. He took three of
them into his own carriage and the re
mainder, with Secretary Moore, follow
ed In a carriage to the Ministry of For
eign Affairs. Henri Vignaux, the sec
retary of the United States Embassy,
led the way into the building. General
Porter, Judge Day and the others fol
lowed. The party was received imme
diately by M. Crozier, the chef de pro
tocole, who showed the Americans into
the anteroom of the Minister's cham
ber. After a few moments of waiting
the doors were opened and the party
entered the room occupied by the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, and were pre
sented in turn to M. del Casse, who cor
dially greeted the visitors and bade
them take seats.
Through M. Vignaux, who acted as
interpreter, M. del Casse only speaking
French, the party chatted briefly upon
generalities' and the Minister finally
assured the Commissioners of the great
pleasure experienced by France in the
part she has taken in effecting a sus
pension of hostilities between Spain
and the United States, and expressed
the hope of having the pleasure of
meeting the American Commissioners
and the Spanish Commissioners at
breakfast to-morrow, M. del Casse
added that after having thus brought
the two commissions together and
offering them the hospitalities of the
salon de conference, the French Gov
ernment would efface itself.
Judge Day, as president of the United
States Commissioners, responded. He
said the United States appreciated the
good offices of France, and after M.
del Casse had expressed his pleasure at
such recognition of the disinterested
action of France, the interview ended
ana the Americans retired.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs at
12:30 p. m. to-morrow will give a
breakfast at the Foreign Office to the
Unilea States and Spanish commis
sions, thus bringing them together for
the first time. " The session of the
United States commission to-day did
not ltsult in anything being given out
for publication.
After the presentation of the Ameri
can Commissioners, Senor Leon y Cas
tillo, the Spanish Embassador, pre
sented the Spanish Commissioners to
M. del Casse. The ceremonies were ex
actly similar to those gone through in
introducing the members of the Amer
ican commission.
Both General Porter and Senor Cas
tillo, the United States and Spanish
Embassadors, will be present at to
morrow's luncheon.
DESIRES OF THE
VATICAN URGED
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Sept. 28.— The Papal Nun
cio to-day had a conference with the
Minister. of the Colonies, at which the
former urged the desire of the Vatican
that in Spanish territories, which have
become American, goods of the church
be guaranteed and the position of the
church denned. The Minister said he
would specially refer the matter to the
Paris commission, whose members
would be instructed to do all that was
possible.
Sagasta has made the following
statement to Senor Brunet, represent
ing the Chamber of Commerce of Cata
lona: "I hope to obtain commercial
advantages from the United States,
which will be embodied in the definitive
treaty of peace, maintaining the statu
quo."
An official paper publishes a decree
nominating as Secretary General of
the Paris commission Dun Emilio
OJeda, Minister of Spain at Tangier, a
man of much ability.
Spanish warships in Cuban waters
have been ordered to sail for home.
Pay for Honolulu Troops.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Major TV.
Purdy, paymaster of United States vol
unteers, passed through Chicago to-day
on his way to Honolulu, where he will
pay off the 2000 troops stationed In the
Hawaiian Islands.
CLEARS A MYSTERY
OF SHASTA COUNTY
Skeleton of Missing Henry Dolman
Found in the Woods Near
Lakeview.
REDDING, Sept. 2S.— The mystery sur
rounding the disappearance of Henry Dol
man was cleared ar few days ago by the
discovery of his bleaching skeleton eigh
teen miles northeast of Lakeview.
Shortly after the Fourth of July Dol
man suddenly disappeared from his ac
customed haunts, leaving no trace by
which his whereabouts could be ascer
tained. The country lor miles around was
thoroughly searched, but the mystery of
his disappearance could not be lifted.
On the 22d inst. a young man named
Vierling, a sheepherder in the employ of
W. K. Barry, stumbled on the remains of
a man near the Drake camp. The skele
ton was lying near a log, a rusted Win
chester rifle on the ground beside it. The
arms were extended and the face lay
downward.
Coroner Harris went to the scene of the
grewsoirie find, held an inquest and
brought the remains to Lakeview for
burial. The Coroner's jury brought
In a verdict to the effect that the
skeleton was that of Walter Dolman, a
native of Norway. -28 years old and un
married. Death was attributed to the ac
cidental discharge of a Winchester rifle
in his own hands. Tt was evident that
after the unfortunate man received the
fatal wound he had walked' about, button
ing his coat tightly about him to stop the
flow of blood. He was a resident of Cali
fornia. The whereabouts of his relatives,
if he had any in America, could not be
ascertained. The remains were interred
in the potter's field.
GERMAN 3APTISTS CONFER.
Members of the United States and
Canada Work in Harmony.
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 28.— The triennial con
ference of the German Baptists of the
United States and Canada has been con
cluded after a session extending over a
week. It has been decided to meet in 1901
at Berlin, Ontario, Canada. The much
debated question of the German Baptist
Orphanage in Louisville, which has been
practically owned by one individual, was
settled. The association gave up the in
stitution to individual control and ap
pointed a new orphanage ' committee of
one from each or the seven conferences.
This committee will see that German
Baptist orphans are taken care of In pri
vate families.
Reports were heard from the homes for
old people at Chicago and Philadelphia,
and this philanthropy was discussed.
The Young People's Society of the de
nomination, elected general officers as fol
lows: President. Dr. D. B. Stumpf of
Buffalo, N. V.; vice-presidents, Henry D
Annecke of Pittsburg and Rev. T. Weg
ner of New York; corresponding secre
tary, Rev. Henry Gleiss of Pittsburg.
CASHED BOGTJS CHECHS.
Swindler Forges the Mountain Cop
per Company's Name.
REDDING, Sept. 28.— An individual
having-, the appearance of a worklnj*nian
succeeded in victimizing seven Redding
and two Keswick business firms with
forged Mountain Copper Company
checks. The checks, which had undoubt
edly been printed under the direction of
the man who passed them, called for the
sum of ?16 60 each. Close comparison Is
necessary to detect the true from the
counterfeit. Mountain Copper Company
checks to the amount of several hun
dred dollns are cashed weekly in this
city, and it was an easy matter to vic
timize the merchants.
Death, of Queensland's Premier.
BRISBANE, Queensland, Sept. 28.— The
Hon. Thomas Joseph Byrnes, Premier of
Queensland, is dead. He was born hero
in ISGO. and was formerly Attorney Gene
ral and Solicitor General o£ Queensland.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHERE/ \ IMTOX-
OTHtKSJr , jjat?/-, /X3Ok \. If* AMY
•AIL // iwPfclraHt^^ftm \. " v"^"lv "^"l
iJbucanrelv implicitly
upon the ability of this tonic to
give you the new strength of.-
which you are sadly in need after
a spell of sickness. ,
Possesses the greatest nourish- .
Ing and soothing qualities of Malt
and Hops..
'<*SC # '*'. t-^0 tax ORuaawra.
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
t MILWAUKEE.USA.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 416-418 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco, •
SJpct, Spermatorrhoea.
1»T«.^B Whites, unnatural dial
HV Oaar»nu-ed charges, or any inflamma-
«** not to itrictare. — tion. irritation or ulcera-
£-*Pr.Tents eonuglon. tion of mncou-. mem-
F>»ITHEEVHN3 CHEMin>tCo, brands. Non-asi.-ingeut.
lgKkomClNmi.o SBH Sold by DrnreUli,
VMI U.S. a. SI or sent in plain wrapper.
- - v m Circular tent on n«aeat.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Important
Questions
for Men ||jf
to Answer:
Do you feel weak?
Have you backache?
Do you shun society 7
Are you losing flesh?
•Do you sleep poorly?
Are you low-spirited?
Are your eyes sunken?
Do you have hot flashes? -j '." ; •
Are you easily exhausted?
Is your memory Impaired?
Do you have sick headache?
Is there nausea after eating? "'-..
Do your hands and feet sweat?
Has the brightness left your eyes?
Do you feel that you are unfit to marry T
Dr. Meyers & . Co. have been a success for
seventeen years. They have cured and restored
thousands of cases which have been abandoned
as being past all earthly aid by other leading
physicians. They have the largest practice and
j the best equipped medical institution In Amer-
ica. Their prices and terms are reasonable.
Every member of the staff Is a graduate from
the best medical colleges in the world. All
have had years of experience In hospitals and
in private practice before they commenced their
successful careers as specialists. They offer
you the best remedies, methods and appliances
' and half a lifetime of practical experience.
Consultation and advice, also privato
book, free at office op by mail. s
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market Street,
. SAN FRANCISCO.
Hours, 8 to It dally.
TAKE ELEVATOR. Evenings, 7 to 8.
Sundays, 9 to 11. -
We said
"it costs more to use Schil-
lings Best than other tea,
because you drink more."
No ; we forgot doctor bills.
Ely's Cream BatoiliprlSi (
• Cleanses the Nasal H&c^^fS^Sl
Passages, fillays Pain W^-
aija Inflammation, sj^^O*^^
Restores the- Senses of PL* Kfa&Asß
Taste arjd Srrjell. Wt >* "S&r . /B
' HEP LS THE SORES. B^-^ Jr-i§H
■ Apply Balm into each nos- *,<£g£l _^&!&>J&8&,
trll. ELY BROS., 66 Warren SB£fpCv3s2ws2Sl
Bt., N. Y. 11 *^
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTHERN
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE SIST,
day of December, A. D. 1897. and for th«
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stuck, paid up In '■* ♦- •
cash 500, 000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,985,152 33
Loans on bonds and mortgages 1,571,636 63
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 16,056,593 17
Amount of loans secured by pledge
1 of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral , 8, 840, 153 60
Cash In company's office .' 2.558 11
Cash in banks 790,270 27
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 206,409 63
Interest due and accrued on. bonds
and mortgages 60.453 81
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion 121,333
Bills receivable, not matured, taken : i
for fire and marine risks 97.871 04
Rents due and accrued 6,433 87
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid.... 778,763 17
Stamps on hand 1,273 4J
Life . interests owned by the com-
pany . 4.000 00 »
Reversions owned by the company.. 1. 342. 73 ■
Total assets $26,563,835 54
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid, losses
in process of adjustment or in sus-
pense, losses resisted, including
expenses $429,897 If
Gross premiums on fire risks run- •
ning one year or less, reinsurance
60 per cent; gross premiums on fire- i
risks running more than one year,
reinsurance pro rata.. 1.655.244 02,
Liability under life department 17.147.890 16 •
Bills payable 69.458 71
Cash dividends remaining unpaid... 11,129 2)
All other demands against the com-
pany 113.951 08 (
Total liabilities $19,426,570 42; .
INCOME.' :
Net cash actually received fop fire ,M, M ,"!
premiums $3, Si 0, 488 M
Net cash actually received for life ■" I
premiums ... 1,233,25111
Received for interest and dividends I
on bonds, stocks, loans and from _„■ «, i
all other sources S > ? 9 2 94
Received for rent 5....... 44 ' 449 5 2
Received for sale of annuities SU),4fiS 13 1 w,
Received for profit on investments.. 65,777 87- t mi
Total Income $6,885,323 65 '
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $1,661,126 34
Net amount paid for life losses 874.267 04
Dividends to stockholders 449,340 M
Paid or allowed for commission or . j
brokerage •• J'"'lL""* 646,400 15
Paid for salaries, fees and other 1
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 683,130 59.
Paid for State, national and local
taxes ........"••••••••; *........ 81,04117
Surrenders of life policies :...... 71.557 53)
Paid to annuitants. . 85,313 2V*
All other payments and expendi-
tures ••• v • 17,650 93,
Total expenditures $4,469,827 441 ■
Fire. |
Losses Incurred during the year $1,807.355 90,
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. 'Premiums.'
Net amount of risks .
written during the year $1.077, 772.286,53.310,488 04)
Net amount of risks ex- I
pired during the year.. 1.118,906,046 3,436,853. 49
Net amount in force De- . ■
cember 31, 1597 718,514,871 2,206,992 Of!
C. J. LUCAS, Chairman.
H. E. WILSON, General Manager.
Subscribed . and sworn to before me this 7th
day of April, 1898. .' • !
C. J. WATTS, Notary Public. ;
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
GEO. F. GRANT, Manager
Weak Men and Women \
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THH r
great " Mexican . remedy; gives health and,!
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.!THE CITY HALL
"POSH" TO DOWN
THE GALLAGHERS
To Knife the Phelan
Nominees.
"JACK" BONNET IS EXCEPTED
THE BOYS WILL GIVE HIM
HEARTY SUPPORT.
The Century Gang Propose to Gobble
the Patronage, and Therefore
the Democratic Tax-Eat
ers Will Bolt.
The latest story in Democratic political
circles 1s that all the candidates of the
Fay-Phelan committee of one hundred,
with the exception of one, are to be
knifed at the polls by the City Hall
"push." The lone candidate who has
escaped the wrath of the practical poli
ih-lans Is Theodore F. Bonnet, the nomi
nee for Sheriff. His personal popularity
and the opposition from certain quarters
to his name going before the committee i
have endeared him to the "gang."
The young men in the hall openly de
clare that it is a case of war to the
knife, and say they will spare neither j
pains, time nor expense to bring Mr. Phe
lan and his troop of marionettes to a
proper sense of their actual non-import
ance. And there 1b little chance of the
young men who live off the taxpayers
being whipped into line. The general row
has been taken up by each and every one
of them as a personal matter, and there
1b no end or limit to the vengeance they
are calling down on the Mayor and his
committee.
The feeling of resentment against the
Fhelan slate by the employes of the City
Hall ia practically unanimous. There is
but one office that will even make a bluit
at supporting the ticket. That is tho tax j
office. The renomination of Block, as the i
result of a promise wrung from Pholao
when Block sided with his charter light
in the Election Commisssion, has to a
certain extent appeased his deputies. Bat
It Is a Question if the men in the tax of
fice will go out of their way to help the
ticket other than the immediate fight of
their own candidate.
It is generally understood that the dis
tribution of patronage in case of success
will go to the personal friendu and rela- :
tives of the century committee and the I
advisers of the Mayor. No one for a mo- j
ment suspects that actual service In be
half of the party will meet with anything
other than scorn of Mr. Fay and h'.-s
henchmen, who are now in full control cf ;
the works. And not wishing to be rtgura- i
lively spat upon the young men who toil |
for the people's money have Joined hands <
wth a determination to knife tiie ticket !
on November 8 without quarter.
By defeating the selections of the I
Phelan-Fay family gathering that has j
been held under the name of the commit- j
tee of 100, the push believe that the Mayor j
and his exclusive circle of ultra-reformers
will be forced to go out of business, at j
least for the time being. The defeat of j
the ticket named by the committee of 100, j
the old liners believe, would gain them at I
. least a voice in the general management j
of affairs In ISOO.
Many of the practical politicians have
announced their determination to pass up
the reformers and mix up in Republican
fights. They say it is useless to become
Identified with any one on the Phelan
ticket because the entire distribution of
the patronage in the event of success is
to rest with the half-dozen men- who are
engineering the committee of one hun
dred.
No man was nominated by this, self
styled Democratic party until he forfeit
ed all claims to the patronage of his of
fice in case of election.
Evtn the head deputyships are to be at
the disposal of Phelan, "Whispering"
Gavid, Braunhart and the Fay family.
Actual work In the interest of the party i
will receive no recognition whatever. The j
Jobs are to be distributed as the result of !
personal friendships, the place of birth in I
Scotland or for reasons more substantial
" than these.
Then, again, the City Hall boys figure
that the committee of one hundred has |
named a losing ticket with the exception I
of one or two candidates. Many of the '
nominees are practically unknown. That i
Is said to be a mark In their favor. Tho
more they become known the 'leas their
chances of election.
A truly tragic phase of the row that is
now under way among the Democratic
party and the committee of one hundred
Is the passing of the Clan Gallagher as a
potent power in local politics. Up to a
week ago the Gallaghers were regarded as
Invincible. Numerically they are without
a peer in this or any other country. Their
capabilities as voters are said to be sim
ply astounding. The Gallagher vote is al
most large enough to elect a candidate
with the world leagued against him.
It is now whispered among the deceml
nators of the low down that the Clan
Galjagher is about to amalgamate with or
annex the legion of dissatisfied "pollies"
beyond hope or question, and turn the
tables on the committee of one hundred
forever and a day. Or, to express it
more poetically in accordance with the
ideas of Mr. Mealy Davis:
"Phelan has trampled on the worm that
will turn and sting him."
Probably the most unsatisfactory nom
ination so far as the push is concerned
is John A. Brown, who has been placed
before the people as an aspirant for the
County Clerkship. In the vicinity of
Sixth and Minna streets, Mr. Brown la
known as "Growler" Brown, owing 1 to
his proclivity for rushing the "duck"
"rolling the rock" or "taking Willie for
a walk." The same being familiar terms
applied to the act of procuring the festive
.steam beer in a can or Jug at neighbor
ing saloons.
Mr. Brown was discovered by D. J.
Tomalty of the committee of one hun
dred. Mr. Tomalty conducts a steam
beer emporium in the vicinity of Brown's
residence. For a number of years Brown
has been the star performer in and about
Tomalty's place. With the aid of To
malty's whiskers he was brushed into
the- good graces of "Whispering" Gavin
who fathered his nomination for Count*
Clem.
The turning down of Ambrose, who
eought renomination as Superintendent of
the Streets, was also a sad blow to the
small army of young men who have been
drawing large salaries from the Street
I'•I '• jjurtment for the last two years. In
the Recorder's office everybody has a
knife out for the proteges of the com
mittee of one hundred. Fitzgerald, the
lahor Commissioner who has been named
for Public Administrator, is notoriously
known as the most cordially hated man
among the laboring classes. The substi
tution of Barclay Henley, the grand old
hf,r of Innumerable defeats, for J. J.
Barrett, for District Attorney, Is looked
upon as an absolute indication of defeat.
The downfall of the Gallaghers was
hinted at when the City and County At
torney, James Gullager, failed to secure
the nomination of his chief clerk, Stoney,
to succeed him. The nomination of Lane
for the office of city and County Attor
ney was an absolute affront to the entire
clan.
FTJSIONISTS' CONVENTION.
People's Party Delegates Effect Or
ganization Without a Hitch.
The permannt organization of the con
vention of the People's party was effect
ed last evening in Washington Hall, 85
Eddy street. About 120 delegates of the
144 Belected by the district clubs responded
to the rollcall.
There was no hitch In the proceedings.
Dr. John A. Miller called the delegates to
order. He read the call for the conven
tion, the object of wnich was to nomi
nate candidates for the municipal offices
for this city. He recited the history of
the People's party, to which he gave
credit for everything. in the shape of re
form, municipal. State and national, that
has taken place for several years past.
, Ac ,^Uler : yw Seated tetopcrar^ chaic
man. George A. Clough was selected as
'the temporary secretary. The following
committee on credentials was appointed
by the chair: J. M. Custer (chairman),
H. B. Green, Alexander Mclllwain, J. K.
Berkonkopf, Frank Powers, C. H. Har
ger r\nd Richard Mehrtens. Within three
minutes the committee reported favorably
upon the names of all the delegates pres
ent.
A committee on permanent organiza
tion, rules and oraer of business was ap
pointed by the chair as follows: William
Aloakin Fred A. Wilson. G. W. Smith,
James kaggart, M. E. Douglas, Charles
Fish and Frank Schmidt.
Tho chairman selected as a committee
on platform and resolutions Dr. W. N.
Griswold, Dr. J. F. Siefkes, .G T. Silvey,
J. K. Phillips, Louis Crackbon, Aaron
Wasch, Arthur Crooker, Dr. C. D. Cleve
land and G. A. Hubbell.
" he committee to interview candidates
intending to come before the convention
consists of A. P,. Klnnie. R. J. Pye, G. D.
Gilk-spie, Henry Huppert and- J. W. Reay.
While waiting for the committee on
rules to report a few remarks were made
by E. R. Wardall, chairman of the State
central committee of the People's party,
who said tho intention of the party is to
nominate W. J. Bryan for president of
the United States at the coming national
convention. He said that locally his
party will Indorse the good men of the
other parties and defeat the bad men.
George G. Gillespie also made a few re
marks.
Chairman Meakin of the committoe on
organization, rules and order of business
presented a report recommending that the
temporary officers be made the permanent
officers of the convention and that three
assistant secretaries and two sergeants
at-arms be appointed.
The order of business suggested the or
der in which the nominations of candi
dates should be made and that the candi
dates be assessed $6 each. The report was
adopted.
Acting upon the suggestions of the com
mittee the chair appointed as a-ssistant
secretaries John Prosek, Frank Peck and
W. E. Walter, and as sergeants-at-arms
Peter Schaadt and George I. Drew. T.
H. Hatch was elected treasurer. .
The convention adjourned to meet this
evening in Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin street.
Olympia Republican Club.
The Olympia Republican Club met at
! California Hall, Bush street, near Powell,
last night, and declared war upon the
county committee as it now is constltut
! cd. J. D. Hart presided and addressed the
members on the failure of the club's ef
fort to gain proper recognition. Speeches
were also made by Dr. A. D. McLaren,
George Boyne, John B. Kersey, W. R. C.
Smith and. Dr. Hutchings, after which the
following resolution was adopted wuh
out dissent:
Whereas, the Republican county committee
succeeded In postponing action by the conven
tion of clubs, recently assembled in the Alcazar
| building, and the relief eought in receiving a
I fair and proper representation for the club 9
1 from the so-called Republican county commit
j tee was entirely ignored; therefore,
Resolved, That It Is undivided sense of this
club that the action of the county committee
! in shutting out and disfranchising the rank and
j file of the Republican party be condemned aa a
| gross usurpation of power; and further
Resolved, That a general Invitation fee cx
i tended to the clubs and all Republicans gener
i ally In the city and county of San Francisco,
! having a Just grievance, to meet at some sult
| able place, and as soon as possible, to take
I steps toward forming a grand central organiza
tion and such further action as may be neces
sary, to the end that said clubs and all fair
minded Republicans may secure recognition
now and In the future: and further
Resolved. That In the formation of the grand
central organization no one present not In ac-
I cord with the objects and principles ehall be
; allowed to participate, and In the event of any
such person being present said person shall be
compelled to retire.
A resolution was offered denouncing lac
; nomination of Leon Dermerv for Senator
I in the Twenty-fourth District, and Hen
: ry Linqulst for Assemblyman In the For
1 ty-third District, and requesting George
; W. Williams and J. D. Hart to accept ln
\ dependent nominations. ATter consider
i able debate the resolution was withdrawn
! and a committee of five, consisting of
j Judge J. G. Severance^ J. G. Boyne, Dr.
iA. D. McLaren, H. E. Poehlman and
j George W. Adams, was appointed to
j wait upon the Non-Partisans and ascer
tain if they would put legislative candi
i dates in the field. The committee was in-
I structed to report to the club next Tues
| day night, to which date the meeting ad
i Joumed.
— ♦
Will Escort Gage and Neff.
Next Saturday night the Union League
Drill Corps will turn out In full force to
take part in the grand welcome to Gage
and Neff.
The corps has been drilling arduously
for two weeks and is now fully equipped
and uniformed. There are 100 members
and at the drill last night the following
officers were elected: Captain, C. F.
Kinsman; senior first lieutenant, Charles
E. Creighton; junior first lieutenant, W.
E. Stuart: senior second lieutenant, Ar
thur W. Spear; Junior second lieutenant,
j A. E. Graupner; first sergeant, William
j M. Abbott; quartermaster sergeant, Mor
i gan Backus; assistant quartermaster ser
i geant, H. B. Cockrill; second Bergeant,
L. G. Faulkner; third sergeant, F. J.
Dougherty; fourth sergeant. J. J. Belser;
fifth sergeant, F. T. Finch; color ser
! geants, G. N. Van Orden and J. Theo.
! Erlin; corporals, H. H. Cosgriff, L. B.
! Smith, L. J. Plnkson, John Daniel, Wil
liam C. Faull, William Adams Jr. Rod
G. Guyett, M. E. Hammond, S. M. "Crim,
C. W. Smith, W. K. Owens, Charles H
Buck, Frank Houpt, Robert Kimble D
8. Painter and William C. Lean. The
club will be permanent and will endeavor
to be- the crack marching club of the
State.
INDEPENDENTS ARE
OUT FOR A CONFLICT
THE CONVENTION WILL BE EN
TIRELY UNPLEDGED.
A Full County Ticket to Be Nomi
nated — Oaklanders Who Will
Probably Be Selected as
Candidates.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— A very important
caucus of the Independent party was held
to-night, and details were arranged for
the convention on Friday night. There
was a desire expressed to have the con
vention behind closed doors in the man
ner of the Municipal League four years
ago, but finally this was voted down, and
It was decided to have everything open
and above board. Not one of the 800 dele
gates whom it is said will be in attend
ance will be pledged.
It has been decided that the scope of
the Independents shall be limited to the
county offices, and that on no account
shall the legislative ticket be touched. It
Is probable that the Republican nominees
for the Legislature will be formally In
dorsed.
There are several candidates for each
office, but a careful review of the situa
tion points to the following as being the
most probable to receive nominations:
For Auditoi^-D. C. Hlnsdale, for several
years deputy City Assessor.
For Sheriff— Louis Schaffer, ex-Chief of
Police.
For Assessor— Ex-Mayor John L. Davle.
For Treasurer— Ex-Supervisor D. C.
Brown.
For Coroner— James L. Taylor.
For Recorder— A. K. Grim.
For County Clerk— T. C. Stoddard.
For City Justice— A. W. Bishop.
It Is not known what candidates will ac
cept nominations, as the managers de
clare that everything done will be as far
removed from a slate as possible. Unless
all signs fail there will certainly be a
lively time on Friday night; for this even
ing some of the friends of Mr. Dalton,
the Republican nominee for Assessor,
were openly declaring that they had al
ready captured more than half of the
delegates to the so-called Independent
convention.
The M Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
NEW STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
The California and Oriental Will Ope
rate in December.
The California and Oriental Steamship
Company, which was organized early in
the year to operate a line of steamers be
tween San Diego and Hongkong, has ob
tained three vessels for Its use and will
begin active business in December of this
The Santa Fe road has a contract with
this company for the shipping of freight
The three steamers are the 1 Belgium
King, Catania and Carlisle City, from 4600
to 6500 tons.. .: v . «. ■ ..:•'. ■■.-•'
Two are American bottoms, and *ri3l in
ail jarflbAbUUy ftu& . #t Mwvtlu&r
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THTTRSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1999.
INDEPENDENTS
CAUSING GREAT
UNEASINESS
May Nominate Next
Friday Night.
DAVIE IS BEING BOOMEP
MAY BE CHOSEN TO RUN FOR
ASSESSOR.
The Republicans Finally Arrange for
the Candidates to Make a
Campaign in the
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
9uS Broadway, Sept. 28.
The workers on the Independent ticket
, are prosecuting their plans very secretly;
in fact, so secretly that no one not on
the inside has been able to learn definite
ly who is the head, body or tail of the i
movement. There is, however, a great
deal of whispering going on, and all man
ner of mysterious caucuses are being
hold, which keep the politicians guessing.
I The Independent convention Is pro-
I grammed lor Friday night at Germania
| Hall, and if the plans carry three hun
i dred delegates will be present, although it
! is not known by what authority they are
being called together.
Some of the candidates regularly nomi
nated expect to win by margins so close
i that anything like an organized opposi- |
1 tion may change the tide. The Independ- j
j ent movement, therefore, is of special in
terest to them, and as it is well-known
that there are ho*ts of dissatisfied voters
|in all the parties, it is not improbable
i that the new movement may cut quite a j
figure ultimately, although at present it
is in a very incipient stage.
If the Independent convention material
j lze, it will indorse the candidacies of sev
j eral Independent office-seekers, and will
] probably nominate John L. Davie for
Assessor. Davie has been going quietly
I about his business since he retired trom
I the Mayoralty two years ago, and is now
being brought out. Davie occupies a pecu
liar position in Alameda politics. Four
years ago J. W. Nelson was nominated
iby the Municipal League— Republicans,
j Democrats and Prohibitionists— for Mayor.
! John L. Davie was nominated by the
I Populists and was laughed at when he
i mentioned his candidacy seriously. When
the votes were counted Davie was a long
I way ahead of his competitors.
I At the present time Henry Dalton, the
j Republican nominee for Assessor, has been
| Indorsed by that section of the Demo
1 crats, Popuf^ts and Free Silver people j
which believe in fusion, and again John I
L. Davie is being trotted out to try to
lead the dissatisfied element to victory.
I They realize that it is almost a hope- i
, less task, but are willing, apparently, to
I take chances upon winning.
County Clerk Jordan is now seeking ad
vice as to the legality of placing the so-
I called fusion ticket on the ballot. He is ■
\ experiencing the same difficulty as was i
; encountered by Secretary of State Brown, ;
I and even the decision of the Supreme <
Court in the Populist case will not aid
! him in regard to the Silver Republican ;
' end of the tangle.
The Republican County Central Com- !
mittee has prepared the following pro- \
grammo of meetings to be held through
oat the county, at which most of the
candidates will attend:
Llvermore. Saturday evening, October 8.
Pleasanton, Monday evening, October 10.
Sunol, Tuesday evening, October 11.
NUes, Wednesday evening. October 12.
Haywards. Thursday evening, October 18.
San Leandro. Friday evening. October 14.
Oakland. Saturday evening, October 16.
Irvlngton, Monday evening, October 17.
Mission San Jose. Tuesday evening. October IS.
Centervllle, Wednesday evening, October 19.
Alvarado. Thursday evening, October 20.
Ban Lorenzo, Friday evening, October 2L
Alameda. Saturday evening, October 22.
West Berkeley, Monday evening. October 24.
Frultvale, Tuesday evening, October 25.
Alameda, west end, Wednesday evening, Oc
tober 26. ■
East Oakland. Thursday evening. October 27.
ElmhurFt. Friday evening, October 28.
East Berkeley, Saturday evening, October 29.
North Oakland, Monday evening, October 31.
Temesoal. Tuesday evening, November 1.
West Oakland, Wednesday evening, Novem
ber 2.
Golden Gate, Friday evening, November 4.
Oakland, Saturday evening, November 5.
Alameda, Monday evening, November 7.
The schedule is independent of any
meetings arranged by the State Central
Committee.
Victor Metcalf opened his Congressional
campaign this evening in Contra Costa
County, addressing a lively meeting at
Walnut Creek.
The new Democratic County Central
Committee will meet at its headquarters,
1004 Broadway, on Saturday evening to
organize for the campaign.
E. K. Taylor, Republican nominee for
State Senator, and J. B. Lanktree are
making a buckboard campaign through
the district.
John F. Teague has announced that he
A. T. HASTINGS.
A- T. Hastings, Republican nominee
for Assemblyman from Merced and
Stanislaus counties, is a young man of
energy, education and executive abil
ity. If elected he will be among the
leaders, and not the led. He is a man
of convictions and not afraid to advo
cate the same. He is perfectly, fa
miliar with the laws governing the dis
tribution arid use of water for irriga
tion under the Wright law, and also
under private ownership, and with the
advantages : and disadvantages and
practical effect of the operation of the
irrigation system under each law .and
with the amendments necessary for. the
best interests of the parties interested
in „ irrigation. He Is acquainted with
the general needs of the people of the
two • counties. He is a worker. He
has a business and has always been
successful' in his business. He is not
a Job chaser. The nomination came to
him entirely unsolicited. •. The prudent
business man will not ■ employ one to
attend to < his' important business af
fairs who ■ has I not , been ; competent ito
manage his own business affairs suc
cessfully. Likewise, the prudent pub
lic will select to manage Its business
a man i of affairs. '■■■ Mr. Hastings ", will
be - a safe man . for the people of *i the
State of California on any question af
fecting the whole State that may come
before the J^gislatwe,
will be an independent Republican can
didate for the Assembly from the Forty
ninth District.
Meeting of Non-Partisans.
The Half Million Non-Partisan Club, 125
members strcng, had a rousing meeting
last evening at 1340 Mission street. Presi
dent B. Worthman, who had the chair,
addressed the meeting, as did Frank
Turner, J. H. Williams and Dave
Rempke. There will be another meeting
next Wednesday night, and Julius Kahn,
Judge Barry and other prominent speak
ers and nominees are expected to be on
hand.
Frosty for the Maguireites.
The five hundred Democrats of the
Forty-fifth Assembly District failed to
put in an appearance at Washington
Square Hall last night, and in conse
quence the rousing Magulre meeting
which had been heralded by bonfires and
a superfluity of printer's Ink was called
off. At 9 o'clock the audience consisted
of two men and a boy, and the ten im
ported speakers, excusing themselves,
paid the sundry expenses, which amount
ed to $SO, and wandered off to catch a car
on Market street.
DR. SUSSDORFF DEFENDS
HIS MANAGEMENT
REPLIES TO ATTACKS MADE
UPON HIM.
A Letter From Drs. Williamson and
Dodge Expressing Confidence
in Him.
Dr. G. E. Sussdorff.superlntendent of
the City and County Hospital, has been
smarting under the attack made upon
him and his management of the institu
tion recently. A day or two after the ar
ticle appeared he received a letter signed
jointly by Dr. Williamson, chairman* of
the Board of Health hospital committee,
and Dr. Dodge, chairman of the Hospital
Committee of the Board of Supervisors,
to the following effect:
Observing in the press of a recent date that
your management of the hospital has been se
verely criticised and reflections made as to
yi. ur honesty and integrity, we desire to state
that you have the full confidence of the under
signed, and n - e trust that your efforts in be
half of the hospital will be marked by the
same energy and success in the future as in
the past.
In speaking of the matter last night Dr.
Sussdorff said:
"1 took charge of tho institution last
November at the request of my friend, the
late Dr. Morse. I made up my mind to
establish a reputation for myself, and I
have striven day and night to that end.
It Is hard work to watch personally every
detail in a large institution like this, but
I have done so, and the result is seen
in the letter I voluntarily received from
Dr. Williamson and Dr. Dodge, who are
the best competent to judge me and my
work.
"There are certain rules and regulations
governing the Institution, and I deter
mined on accepting the position, to see
that they were enforced. There must be
discipline here as anywhere else, and
when any one is guilty of a dereliction of
duty I send for him or her and courteous
ly but firmly explain that it must not
occur again.
"Soon after taking office I suspended
some internes for good reasons, and they
vowed to get even with me by forcing
me out of the institution. I have no doubt
the attack upon me has been instigated
by some interne with that object in view.
Internes are here by privilege, and while
here they must conform to the rules.
"To say that I am escorted to my apart
ments from the dining-room, evidently
insinuating that I am always drunk, )s
false, and I defy any one in the institu
tion to swear that I was ever seen under
the influence of liquor. Ido not exact
homage from every employe, but I do not
want to forget that I am a gentleman
and if I show them what good breeding
demands they should not object.
"How absurd it Is for any one to say
that I could apply the hospital funds
for luxuries for myself and family when
everything is got by requisition. The ac
counts are sent to the Board of Super
visors and are paid by the City Treas
urer. Ido not handle one dollar of the
appropriation.
"When I came here this was the mean
est place in the world In many ways. I
told Drs. Williamson and Dodge that cer
tain things must be done, and they agreed
with me. Now there is a difference.
Take the operating room as an example.
The operators now wear white linen coats
and aprons and there Is now proper heat
and light.
.J,' Ju .* 1 ,let, let , me Bay that * am running
this institution for hospital purposes and
nothing else. I want to make a reputa
tion for myself, as I said before, and I
don t want to be unjustly and malicious
ly attacked."
SCHOOL BOARD BUYS
A BUILDING SITE
FOUR TEACHERS RESIGN THEIR
POSITIONS.
President Barrington Records a Pro
test Against the Recent Ap
pointment of Superfluous
Teachers.
The School Board held a meeting yester
day and decided to purchase for $12,000
lots at the northeast corner of Douglass
and Twenty-third streets, covering 165 by
134 feet, the same to be used as a site for
a school building.
The following teachers resigned: Emma
H. Parsons of Golden Gate School, Mrs.
C. H. Waterbury of Webster School,
Kate E. Kollmyer and Mary E. Perkins
(nee McManus).
President Barrlngton presented a writ
ten protest against the action taken by
the board during his absence in appoint
ing superfluous teachers.
The city board of examination recom
mended the granting to Miss Emma
Fielding Daniel of a High School certi
ficate upon her diploma of graduation
from the University of California; to Miss
Isabflle Porter, special certificate in
drawing and modeling; grammar grade
certificates to Miss Rachael W. Dunn,
Miss Josephine Fitzpatrick. Miss Mary
G. Lippert, Miss Mary M. Morrison, Miss
Mary G. Halton and Mrs. Clara Mundt
Dolan; also that the State Board of Edu
cation be asked to grant life grammar
certificates to Miss Belle H. Crocker and
Miss Jane H. Gillespie.
The recommendations were adopted.
On recommendation of the committee
on elementary education Miss May E.
Fenton of the day school unaesigned
class was elected a probationary teacher
and assigned to the Horace Mann Gram
mar School. A new class was ordered
formed In the Richmond School, and Miss
Mac Nolan was placed in charge. Miss
N. Gambitz, probationary teacher in the
Hancock School, was transferred to the
Webster School. Miss Margaret Dowling
of the day substitute class was assigned
as a probationary teacher in the Han
cock Grammar School.
On recommendation of the committee
on evening schools Mlsa Josie Fitzpatrick
of the evening substitute class was elect
ed a probationary teacher and assigned
to the Rincon Evening School. Mrs.
Josle Forbes of the evening substitute
class was elected a probationary teacher
and assigned to the Franklin Evening
School. D. C. Deasey, probationary
teacher in Rincon School, was transferred
to the Lincoln Evening School. Miss
Frances Q'Keefe was elected a probation
ary teacher and was assigned to the Rin
con Evening School.
CROCKER ESTATE DISTBEBUTEIX
Property Valued at 88,000,000
Passes From t*ie Execu
tors' Hands.
A decree of settlement of final account
and of final distribution was filed yester
day by Henry T. Scott and Charles B.
Green, executors of the will of the late
Charles F. Crocker. There has passed
out of the hands of the executors a cash
balance of $275,049 09, which has been dis
tributed to the guardian of the heirs
Mary Crocker, Charles Tern pleton Crocker
and Jennie Adeline Crocker, children of
the deceased. Other properties which
have been distributed to the guardian
and which will pass into the hands of the
heirs when they attain legal age are sit
uated in San Mateo, Shasta, Alameda
Los Angeles and San Francisco counties
They are valued at about $8,000,000. The
decree of distribution waa signed by
LITTLE CHANCE
OF REMAINING
IN SERVICE
Seventh Will Hardly
Go to Manila.
MAY APPLY FOR DISCHARGE
THIS MTTST BE MADE BY THE
FIRST OF THE MONTH.
Thus the War Department Will
Know the True Wishes of the
Members of the
Regiment.
There is little or no prospect of the
Seventh California Regiment going to
Manila. Despite the fact that orders were
-received here on Tuesday placing the
regiment upon the list of those to go to
the Philippines with General Miller, offi
cers who are In a position to know de
clare that the War Department has sim
ply taken this way of ascertaining the
true wishes of the enlisted men of the
regiment. The order stated that any sol
dier who did not wish to go and who
could show good reason for being mus
tered out, upon making formal applica
tion would be given his discharge, j-his
phase of the order was simply a tip to
General Merriam to find out the true sit
uation In the regiment.
Yesterday the order of the department
commander was read to the men of the
Seventh. It stated that orders had been
received for the regiment to go to Man
ila, but that those who desired it could
secure their discharge by making appli
cation for it through the proper military
channels by the Ist of October; that is,
the applications will have to be In the
hands of the department commander by
that time. General Merriam's object in
this order is to ascertain beyond any
doubt just what the men of the regiment
desire. When he has this before him
the general will make his recommenda
tions accordingly to the War Depart
ment, and there is no doubt that his
suggestions will be followed. If General
Merriam finds that the majority of the
regiment want to be mustered out he will
recommend that it be done, and the War
Department will comply with his recom
mendation.
Yesterday when the order was read to
the men of the Seventh they immediately
began the work of polling the companies,
and this revealed the fact that over 80 per
cent of the men want to go home. The
men were busy writing out their appli
cations for discharge and filine: them
with their first sergeants. Next tney
have to be approved by the company com
manders, and then they go to Colonel
Berry, and from him to the department
commander. It can be safely stated that
80 per cent of the men desire to get out
of service, but when the applications are
all in it will be found that even a greater
percentage of the men want to be mus
tered out. This will be all !: •<♦ General
Merriam wants to lay before the AVar
Department, and there is no doubt as to
what he will recommend. One prominent
officer at the Presidio said yesterday:
"From what I know of General Merriam
I am perfectly certain that when he is
aware that the majority of the men of the
Seventh want to leave the service he will
recommend that the regiment be muster
ed out and there Is no doubt that it will
be."
Captain Pratt said yesterday that he
had received no orders to stop mustering
out the regiment, although the order re
ceived on Tuesday is paramount to one.
However, he will continue his work just
as though nothing had happened. Colo
nel Berry stated that the order for the
regiment to go to Manila had come as a
surprise to him, and he declared that
neither he nor his officers had been work
ing to deceive the men or to keep the reg
iment in the service. Everything in the
regiment is quiet and the men are sim
ply waiting until the first of the month,
when General Merriam will take action,
and they are certain that their wishes
will be rgarded and that Captain Pratt
had received no orders to cease his work
of getting the regiment ready to be mus
tered out, and it Is an almost foregone
conclusion that the War Department will
act in accordance with the wishes of the
majority of the men of the regiment,
which means that it will be mustered out
of the service of the United States.
NOTED MUSICAL ARTIST.
Rafael Meany, the Guatemalan Pian-
ist, Delights a Circle of Critics.
Rafael Meany, late director of the Con
servatory of Music at Guatemala, gave an
exhibition of his talents before a select
assemblage In the rooms of Colonel Ko
walsky at the Baldwin Hotel last night.
It was Professor Meany's first bow to
San Francisco critics, and he made a de
cidedly favorable impression. He Is
gifted with a rare touch and his rendi
tion of familiar opera airs and Inter
pretation of selected classics at once pro
claimed him as a master of the piano.
His excellent performance and thorough
realization of the theory of his art elicited
frequent applause from the little circle
of critics. Professor Meany intends
making this city his home and will no
doubt delight the ears of many music
lovers during the coming season.
■ ♦ « •
Suit Against Santa Cruz City.
A. Brand, a French subject residing in
Alameda, has brought suit In the United
States Circuit Court against the City of
Santa Cruz to compel that corporation to
redeem with gold coin four municipal
water bonds of the value of $500 each, to
gether with accrued interest on the same.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales 0ver6, 000,000 Boxes
FOB BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costivenesa.
Blotches on the Bkin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE BELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct*
ed, will auiokly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and euro Sick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARCEST SALE
•f any Patent Medicine In the World.
2So. at all Drusr Stores.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlsttc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS. V
Live Stock VII lin £■ C(\ n Montgomery St.,
Auctioneers. alLiljU to. VU' San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM SfHflFVINfi Shlpplnß trade supplied.
ITS- SvHUEmPIU, 639 Broadway street.
BELTINO.
LP nFfiFV Manufacturer of Beltlni? and
r. UCUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell,
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic, Stomachic. Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL, CO.. 1517 Market st.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Pox. Eupt. H. Clyth. Mar.
C. W. Smith. Ship Piumbinar, Steamboat
«nd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641.
DENTIST.
DR. C V. RICHARDS, BE. correr Ke&rny.
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
BEDINGTON & CO, s s o c n c s n ts da ?e s^ n a
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
411-413 California street, roar.
Capital Represented..... over $14,000,000
FLOUR.
NiTinVlT Flour Mills. J. Martenrteln & Co.
nAiIUriAL BW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RiIYFS * f ft Shipping Butcher*. 1«
JA3. DUIEJ (X V\J,, Clay. Tel. Main UM.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LETBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Lark.n St., 8. F.
■Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of an
kind* of Harness and dealers in Bugrtea,
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HARDWARE. .
PALACE Hardware Co. .Importers Gt Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
United States Branch.
STATEMENT
—OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Alliance
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 81ST
day of December, A. D. 1897, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to* the Insur-
ance Commissioner of the State of California,
I pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company 1152,174 26
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 690,400 00
Cash in banks 63.10193
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 1,750 00
Premiums in due course of collection 80,774 02
Rents due and accrued 100 00
Total assets- $535,300 27
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $7,878 98
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense ' 1,687 06
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, , $122,304 81;
■ reinsurance 50 per cent... 61,152 40
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $79,330 19;
reinsurance pro rata ................. 80,274 42
All other demands against the com-
pany * 7,840 09
Total liabilities ..'. M $108,827 95
INCOME.
Net cash actually ■ received for fir*
premiums $159,006 84
Received . for interest on bonds and
mortgages .......:..... ................ 1,26165
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 8,692 23
Received for rents 1,552 65
Received for sale of fixtures 113 00
Total Income $170,626 37
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $2,499 81, losses of previous
years) $43,263 17
Paid or allowed fqr commission or
brokerage 88,95169
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 12,559 45
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 8,349 96
All other payments and expenditures. . 17,811 91
Total expenditures »... $115,941 23 j
• ■ - - -■-■■•■ ■ • . Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $52,389 35
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ- ' •
• ten during the year.... $16,196,702 $209,192 48
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 12,168,302 163,356 88
Net amount in fores De-
cember SL 1897.......... 17.096.832 »»-»5 00
~ ELIJAH R. KENNEDY,
Of Weed & Kennedy,
- United States Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 27th
day of January. 1898. - '
F. FISHBECK, Notary Public
C. F. MULLINS - - - Manager,
PACIFIC COAST BRANCH,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
BAN FRANCISCO, OAL
CDTJTR
MR. HENRY KAHN,
Hiring Returned from Europe,
WILL RESUME HIS DUTIES
. ON SEPTEMBER 27. r
OPTlClANS^^aSphicapparatuj.
o Vio^*- ° ? SCIENTIFIC 2!
o4z Market ot. instruments
IWBIO cnomcit BuuDiNt.
DEWEXSTRONG &Co. |t^gy«y
R- ?PATENTsf J]
XS^33Q MARKET SJ. Sf.XSS^
HUNTERS* EQUIPMENTS.
All HO Hunters' Equipments, • Fishing
ll 1 1 IV V Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Eens
UU 111 1 U * or catalogue. CEO. W. SHREVB.
v ny 7?9 Market street. •:;
, . »
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Hedloy, Props.*
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De- ■
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505. _
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Sutter st.
San Francisco. Telephone Me In 917. ;- .-:
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO. ,
Manufacture blankets, Cassl meres. Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market St.. San Francisco, CaL
Goods for pale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BTZ & CO.. Arenu.
101 California St.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THF RFRNHART) Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
HID DEttnliAKU *t. Telephone Main Iff*.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMPTTF PULP AND PAPER CO.,
\1 ILLMffIL II L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
Th» Oldest Firm and Tjurr-^nf <ltnek.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
» and 30 OTarrell St.
A corps of expert tuners and repairer*.
PRINTING.
EC HUGHES, .„ printer.
• \*- jUJVtlinOyßll Sansome str— t.
SEWINQ MACHINES.
"nfIMCQTIP" P'e-eminently th« m»chln» for
UUIIILOIIU family use. 102! Markat street,
near Sixth. . .
SOAP.
GP I nfV * fft 123 California street.
. H. Lttl ff WU,, room 87. Tel. Main 166£
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c e o?e a s phic PARTRIDGE S2L°ft_
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., 5S£y a a fe Z
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Agents and PnbUe Wetgtian.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. 210 California at. Tel. Mala IMC
WALLPAPER.
"VTHOLEr A.I.E & retail: send for samples, stat-
Ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 928 Howard.
WATCHES, ETC.
TT rVnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry ana
• Hjnill, fun is.it. Wcddlnc Rings. 4 3d st!
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
CARL F. HAAS manufacturer of wood arti-
cles of any description. Planing, turning, «to.
417 Mission st, tel. M. 5927.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
Commercial Union Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW!
VjT York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1897. and for the year ending on that day as
made to the Insurance Commissioner or th»
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
I of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code
j condensed as per blank furnished by the Com«
missioner.
CAPITAL.
I Amount of capital stock, paid up In
: cash $200,000 o«
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all stocks and 1
bonds owned by company $259,545 00
Cash in company's office ' 55%
Cash in banks 1949 61
Interest due and accrued, on all
j stocks and loans 1,347 OS
Premiums in due course of collection 16,832 «■
Total assets $267,579 84
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid , $1,783 08
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense ....; ' 1,000 M
Gross • premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or legs, $57,857 61;
reinsurance BO per cent 28 923 81
Gross premiums on fire risks run- .•
hlng more than one year, $ 1,453 39;
reinsurance pro rata 1,184 01
All other, demands against the com-
Pa ll^ -• 4.457 78
Total liabilities —..,_ $37,333 a
INCOME.
Net - cash actually received . for flr»
premiums $57,770 ft
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
. all other sources 7,8114$
Total Income $64,981 44
- EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
i eluding $3,157 03, losses of previous
years) $34,854 U
Dividends to stockholders 6,000 55
Paid or allowed for commission or -
brokerage U.gn 36
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... L 164 9a
Paid for State, national and local
taxes t, 040 19 '
All other payments and expenditures. 1,081 IS
Total expenditures — ,,,, , „ $57,961 6S
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year.. .... $34,720 24
j ■ Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — j
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year:... $11,966,801 $110,627 63
Net amount of risks ex- •
pired during the year... 8,887,110 84,801 It
Net amount in force De- . . ■ •
cember 3L.1897.." 6.438,918 69,346 OflT
CHARLES SEW ALL. President.
y . A. H. WRAY. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12tl» -
day of January, 1898. JNO. A. HILLERT *
Commissioner for California la New York. ' -'
C. F. MULLINS,
General Agent, -,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST..
BAH FRANCISCO, CAL.
— . . : . - — _ — ,—, — <
POO OTTS OOOOOOOO or© ooq
I th ' palace wj
% GR AND "°TMkS 9
q BAH FHAItCimCO, 2
Connected by a covered passageway. ™
V 1400 "Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. $
D All Under One Management. 0
O ' NOTE THE PRICKS: O
« European Plan. 1.00 per day and trpwmrd. ZZ
V American P1an.93.00 per day and upward Q
Q Correspondence Solicited. . n
Q JOHN 0. KIESPATHIOK, H»nagw. g
CLO 000000 00000000 OQ
MAKE PERFECT MEN
':■"" DO NOT DESPAIR t Do not Sof.
rfpwsSjL fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
(&rf*'^&&L life can be restored to you. The Tery
IPri jr-5a worst canes of >>rvou« I»ebJlHy are
aDO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The Tery
worst canes of Nervous Debility art
absolutely cured by PERFECTO
ftV^v TABLtTTS. GiTe prompt relief to In-
wiß.'^TMSHOinnia, failing memory and the waste
rfiVsjTj^ar and drain of vital powers, incurred by
'LAv-D^aP indiscretions or excesses of early years.
*-> xjßfS'T^ 1 Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give jiffa^ bloom to th«
cheeks and lustre to the eyes or^>T|\ young or old. :
Onosoc box renews vital energy- Piij 6 boxes at
$2.50 a complete guaranteed cure TSjiJT or money re-
funded. Can be carried in Test yf. pocket. Sola
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt ot
price by TUX FKHTECTO CO., I Caxtaa Bldf., CklMfe, 111.
Bold bz Owl Drag Co., Ban Fraa. *a<X fiakUaA,
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver continues firm.
Wheat and Barley about the same.
Oats active and Corn firm.
Hay -very stiff.
Beans and Seed* unchanged.
Potatoes a.nd Onions lower. . ;
Butter and Eggs firmer.
Poultry felling well.
Cantaloupes contfnue to advance.
Dried Fruit unchanged.
Wool depressed. Hops firm.
Provisions still quiet.
No change In Meats.
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
r NO FEARS ENTERTAINED AS TO ANY
MARKED STRINGENCY.
The circular of Henry Clews, under date
of New York, September 24. says: The
past week has been marked by continued j
dullness and some irregularity in prices^ 'Bear'
operators have availed themselves of the fact
that, though the money market Is in a sub
stantially sound position, yet th» further de
cline of $3,000,000 in surplus reserve shown In
the last bank statement evidenced that the
turn toward ease had not yet arrived; and j
this Inference has been confirmed by an ad- |
vance in the rate of interest on call loans. This ;
encouraged attack upon certain industrials, j
with some effect; but, upon the more stable ;
*ecuritlea. prices have been on the whole fairly j
maintained, and the week closes with a more !
hopeful feeling. , ,
•The money market has reached a point at
which a turn toward ease can be a. matter or j
a few more days. Each day of the week the
Bub-Treasury has been a large debtor at the ;
'clearing-house, and the amount of money sent ;
to the Interior has been quite nominal. Ihe :
rreat factor portending ease, however, has been
the activity of the gold movement from Europe.
Up to the close, of yesterday the foreign en
gagements for the shipment of gold tc- New
York aggregated close upon $14,000,000. By the
end of nexet week the whole of that sum will
have found its way into the city banks; and the ;
large supply of export bills coming forward |
Indicates further large importations of metal. ;
' London feels the loss of specie rather acutely,
»nd there are reports that the Bank of Eng
land, in addition to Thursdays advances In the
Tata of Interest to I per cent, may resort to bor
' rowing gold on consols: but the drain is not |
likely to be checked much until the imports of
gold here have depressed the local rate of in
terest below that of London, when relief may
come from New York bu>in sterling bills for
transient investment. The source of relief to |
London is not likely .to be forthcoming, how
ever until a considerable further amount of
rold has been sent hither and the rate for
money further enhanced in London. In any
•vent the wheels are already set in motion of i
a. movement which will end In an easy money
market here I that may reasonably be expected
to continue for many months to come, Should \
any unforeseen contingencies prevent this re- :
sult, it is well known that the Secretary of the :
Treasury stands ready to anticipate his Interest !
payments by disbursing the January. Interest
on the old 4 per cent loan amounting to $5,566,
468. The November payments are also likely to- ■
be anticipated If there is any need. ■ Interest ;
then becomes due on $162,315,400 in new 4 per i
cent bonds, on $100,000,000 -of the 5 per cents of |
1654 and upon the whole of the new 3 per cent '
loan of $200,000,000. These various Interest pay- j
ments will call for $4,373,154. These facts make ■
assurance of further ease doubly sure.
"In the mercantile market there is a steady
healthy movement, but none of .the boom that
Bom« have expected as a result of the close of
the war. Nor is this surprising, for as the
war produced virtually no Interruption of bus- |
mess, Its end could not be expected to bring \
any boom all at once."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO, Sept. 23, B p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 60; Fresno, 78; Los Angeles, 78; Red
.Bluff. 78; San Luis Oblspo, 82; tan Diego, 72;
Bacramento. 78; Independence. 78; Yuma, 98.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
69; minimum, 65; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area, of low pressure has rr.oved Inland
north of Washington during tno day. causing
rain over Nortru m Oregon and Washington.
The pressure has risen along the Northern Cali
fornia coast and fallen over Southeastern Cali
fornia, Nevada and Utah.
The temperature has fallen over Idaho. East
ern Oregon and Washington; elsewhere it has
remained stationary. It Is below the normal In
ell districts.
The weather Is clear orer California and
Nevada.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, September 29. 1898:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
vest wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, excopt
partly cloudy along the. coast; fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday. with scattered
Bhowers In the mountains.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
brisk to high west wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpale — Clear: wind
•west. 30 miles; temperature, 6/>; maximum tem
perature. 64. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— Influences affecting . .
, Individual properties furnished the motive* for ,
[to-day 1 Irregular price movement. The bears,
.flushed with their recent successes, attempted
to make It interesting for their opponents at
the outset and effected a break In Tobacco and
Sugar. The latter went down on the announce- ',
- ment of a reduction in grades of the product, j
but heavy supporting orders, turned the mar- I
ket. Subsequently fluctuations were very er- ;
ratic,' In sympathy with the changes elsewhere, j
■ .but the stock rebounded strongly and ended at j
the top. The futile efforts of th« shorts to in- I
flict damage upon the railway list caused the |
•traders to range on the long Bide for a turn '.
and bullish sentiment became more marked.
Absorption of the standard dividend stocks has
been in progress lately by interests capable of !
holding them until the' general situation be- I
comes clearer and outside conference regarding ]
•the tendency of the money market was. restored, j
Consequently the apparent diminution in the '
floating supply of stock caused a momentary •
scramble and values seemed to favor a belief i
that the bears were playing possum, and the
market reached a higher level in order to make '.
•the losses more acute. ■ Dullness followed the '
• rise and little of Interest developd until aj '
late session, when Tobacco, was savagely at- j
tacked and extensive short lines were put out '
; elsewhere. Tobacco, • which reached a level
fractionally above last night's, slumped several
points to 127% and the market for Rubber and j
aome other stocks was cut away.
• The demoralization in Tobacco forced holders |
to sacrifice their '-*crests elsewhere ,: In order !
to meet the urgent ■ demands by commission !
houses for additional- • margins. Reports re
garding the nature of the forthcoming Bur- '•
lington statement added to the break, and large I
: blocks were let go; with resultant severe loss.
The success of the bear party In causing the
general demoralization in Sugar and Tobacco :
caused considerable ■ nervousness and uncer
tainty among security holders. The steadiness !
■of the money market during the flurry and the
report that the Government would disburse on I
October- 10 " anticipated ■ November ' interest
.amounting to $4,150,000 on. the 3's, 4's and 6.'s j
failed to check the selling movement.
: Final dealings were very feverish, but last
prices ruled about the lowest of the declines, :
exceeding a point, mainly in the. railroads.
Speculation In the railway mortgages was ',
■attended with Increased animation and lower i
''•prices. Atchlren adjustments were thrown on
the market in- large volume and closed with a \
net loss of 1% per cent Total sales. $2,800,000! !
Government bonds moved Independent of the j
other markets and showed considerable firm
ness, .the old. 4's rising >«.,.. ■
• , Total Bales of stocks to-day were 417.400 ;
■shares. Including: Atchlson preferred, 23,855; j
Metropolitan. 6128: Northern Pacific preferred, '
'6S80; St. Paul. 12,371; Union Pacific, 9380; Union 1
Pacific preferred. 10,240; American- Cotton ' Oil, !
8275; American Tobacco, 122.850; Chicago Great <
■Western, lO.filO; People's Gas, 12,2. United
States Leather preferred. 3750; Rubber. 10,243.
■HE CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12% St P M & M..... 165
' Do prefd ' 31% So Pacific 23
B & O. 2d ast pd. 43. Ho Railway S%|
Canada l'aclflc .. 85% Do prefd -.. ■ 33%
Canada Southern. C 3 Texas & Pacific. 13
Central Pacific .. 25 Union Pacific .... 32%
Ches & 0hi0.'.'..;. '22- Do prefd ........ 64%
Chi & Alton 155 D I' I) & 0 •6%
Chi B & Q. ...'... 113% WabaHh •... .'7%
Chi & E 111....... 52 Do prefd ......... 20%
Do prefd 105% WALK. 3d ast pd. 1%
C C C 4 St L... 39 Do prefd 16%
Do prefd 80 Express Companies-
Del & Hudson... 106 Adams. Ex -. 113
Del L & W 149 American Ex .... 130
Den & R'G.. 13% United States ...» 41
Do prefd 64% Wells Fargo ....."120 .
Erie (new) ....... - 13V4 Miscellaneous—
Do Ist prefd.... 34% A Cot Oil 35%
Fort "Wayac .....175 Do preM 84
Gt Nor, prefd..... 134 Amn Spirits 12%
"Hocking Valley... 5 Do prefd 35
Illinois Central .. 110% Am Tobacco : 127%
Lake Erie & W.. 15% Do prof.l ........ 125
Do prefd ........ "3% People's Gas ..... 101%
Lake Shore ..:.. 200 Cons Gas .... 177%
Louts & Nash.... 54% Com Cable C 0.... 11m
Manhattan L .... 85% Col F & Iron 20-
Met St Ry........ 156% Do prefd .....;.. £0 ..
Mich Central ... 105- Gen Electric ..... 47'
Minn & St L.... 26 Illinois. Steel..... 64
Do Ist prefd.... 88 Laclede Gas ..... 48%
Mo Pacific ......v 32 Load .... 33%
Mobile & 0hi0... 21 Po prefd ........ 109%
Mo k & T 11 I Nat J Lin; 0i1...... 2%
Do nrefd ........ 32 How Com C 6..... 24
Chi Ind & L...... 8% Pacific Mail ...... 85%
no prefd y. "• 29 Pullman ' Palace... 188 •
NJ Central ...... 90% Silver Certificates 61%
N T Centra! ..:.. 115% Stand R.& T..... 7%
N V ■ Chi & Bt I* 12 Sugar  . ... ....... .. 119%
Do Ist Drefd.... Co Do prefd 103%
Do 2d prefd.... 30 T C &;1r0n....... 27%
Nor West ....... 14 US Leather ..... VJH
No Atner C 0...... 4% Do prefd .:......;. 60%
.. ;— > .■- ■■■ - -'1. » ■■•.•■■.' •■■•■ ■ '• '
No ''Pacific 40% U S Rubber 41%
Do profd ' 76 Do prefd 102
Ontario & W 15% West Union ..... 91
Or R & Nay..... 54 C & N W 1294
Or Short Line.... 25 Do profd 175%
I'lttsburg 169 St L & S AY....... 4
Reading . 17% Do prefd 1!)
Do Ist prefd.... 43% R G W 27
Rock Island 100H Do prefd ....;... 65
St Louts & S F... 7% Chi 6 W ....;..: 14%
Do Ist prefd.... 64 Minn Iron ........ 91 ',<.
Do 2d prefd....' 29"i Intl Paper C 0..... D 2%
St Paul lor Do prefd .......; 85%
Do prefd 153% Pac C Ist prefd... 83
Sf P & 0m....... 793(, Do 2d prefd.... 63
Do prefd 157%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 35.... 105%|N V Central Ists. 116%
0 8 new 4s reg.. 128 N .1 C 55.;..:.'.... 113
Do coup 12& N Carolina 65.... 125
U S 45.......... J. 110% Do 4s 103
Do coup 112% No Pac Ists 113
Do 2ds 99 Do 2s 67
U S 5s reg 113 Do 4s 101 VI
Do 's c0up...... 113 XYC& St L 4s. 106?;
District 3.65s 117% Nor & W 6s 123
i Ala class A 108 Northwßtrn cons. 142%
Do B 10S Do deb Ds 120
Do C ..." 100 O Nay 15t5....... 113
Do Currency ... 104 0 Nay 45.... 99%
Atchls=on 4s 94% 0 S Line 6s tr.... 126%
Do adj 4s 6H% O Line 6s tr.... 106
Can So 2ds .108% Pacific 6s of 95... 102%
I Chi Term 4s 90 Reading 4s 82%
; C & Ohio 5s 115% R G W Ists S3
| C II & D 4%5.... 104% St L 4 I M C ss. 99%
j D & R G Ists... 110 St L&S F G Cs. 119%
D & R G 45.. 9C% St P Con 152
! East Term Ists.. 106% St P C & P Ists. 119
I Erie Gen 45....... 72 I Do 5s 117
i■F W & D Ists tr. 74 So Railway 65.... 97%
l Gen Elec 5s •. 10S Stand R AT 65.. 76
a H & S A 65... 105 Tcnn new set 3s:. 92
; Do 2ds , 105 T&P L G Ists... 106%
H & TC 6s 110%' Do Rk 2ds.. 43%
I Do con 65.. 110 U P D& G Ists.. 75%
, tow.a C Ists 104% Wab Ist 65....:.. 111%
: La new cons 45.. 103 Do 2ds 89%
! L & N Uni 45.... 80% W Shore 4s .109.
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 77
M X & T 2ds " 62 Do deferred ... 6
Do 4S 87% Wis Cent Ists 64%
MINING STOCKS.
! Chollar 15 Ontario : '8 60
Crown Point • 12 Ophir t 48
I Con Cal & Va.... 71 Plymouth 12
I Deadwood 35 1 Quicksilver 1 25
I Gould & Curry... 20 Do prefd 875
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 77
Homestake ....... 45 00 Standard 160
j Iron Silver 60 Union Con ' 22
| Mexican .'. 18 Yellow Jacket ... 20
_ " BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. .
Money — Wls Central - 2
Call loans 2%<j?4 Gen Elec old 47%
! Time loans 3%@5 Do prefd 101
i Stocks— " Ed El Tel 185
A T& S F -.J,?% Gen Elec pfd new 166
Amer Sugar US' Atchlson prefd 3:*4
Do prefd •. 109% Bonds-
Bay State Gas... 1% Atchlson 4$ 93
Bell Telephone .. 280 "I Gen Elec 5s 106%
Boston & Albany. 2.55 Wls Cent 6s 125%
! Boston & Maine. 164 1 Mining Shares—
i Boston L 69% Allouez Mm C 0... 3%
: Chi Bur & Q 113% Atlantic .: 25
1 Fitchburg 104% Boston & Mont... 222%
■ Gon Elec new 79 Butte & Boston.. 22%
Illinois Steel .... 69 Calumet & Hecla. 580
Mexican- Central.. . C% Centennial 16%
: N V & New Eng. 9S Franklin IS
I Old Colony 191 Old Dominion ... 28
!Or Short Lin* 30 Oeceola 54
(Rubber ..I 41 Qulncy ;..... 117
1 Union Pacific 32% Tamarack 171
, West End So l Wolverine 25%
Do prefd 10« Parrott 23%
i Westlnghouse El. 33% Humboidt 4%
j Do prefd 58 .
NEW YORK SILVER MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.— Silver moved upward
to-day on a good demand, which ordinarily at
this season Is principally brisk for commercial
purposes. Certificates at the exchange rose to
61Sc. London was an active bidder, the pur
chases being destined for the silver-using coun
tries, principally India.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 28.— The- Evening Post's
London financial cable says: The stock market
here was quiet but firmer to-day, the feature
being the strength of Argentines. Kaffirs closed
strong on a renewal of French support.
Americans opened dull, but the buying of
Northern Pacific for Germany Imparted a bet
ter tone and was steady. The short time rat«
for discounts was easier here to-day, but call
money was light and more than £7.000,000 was
borrowed during the day from the bank.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 8«H; Grand Trunk, 7%. Bar
Silver, steady. 28 6-16 d per ounce. Money. 2H
per cent. . I
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.--FLOT7 '-■•celpts.
19,505; exports, 8902 bbls; quiet, except for a
moderate demand for new spring patents. The
undertone — •■ steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 318. M0 bushels; exports.
10j,€»Xi. Spot steady; No. .- red. 76c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened easy through disap
pointing cables and light foreign lnte'-st and
were generally depressed all day except for a
late morning rally on local covering. The
market was somewhat overloaded after yester
day's late strength and responded easily to
bear attacks, particularly September, which
closed l v " net lower, against X^i^c decline In
other months. Sales Included No. 2 red May.
.69Va«9'*c, closed 69c; September, 76Vi©W4c,
closed 76Hc. •' '
HOPS— Strong.
WOOL— Dull.
PIG IRON^Exehange steady, $4 I 80.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged. $12 25.
TIN-Quiet, 116 15.
LEAD— Weak ; exchange, IS S2H ; brokers.
, $3 82%.
SPELTER— S4 XT'- bid.
" COFFEE— Options closed steady; unchanged
i to 5. points lower. \- ■ ; ...
SUGAR— Raw dull and nominal, lower to
sell; fair refining. •" 3%c; centrlfu-al, 96 test,
: 4 5-16 c; mold A. 6%c; standard A,- 5%0; confec
tioners' A, 6%c. • .
BUTTER— Receipts, 7710 packages; steady;
! Western creamery, 15%@21c;.Elglns, 21c; fac
°EGGS—Uece*lpt», 10,967 packages; steady;
E fjGS— Receipts, 10,967 packages; steady;
Western. 17c. dried FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Sept. 28.— California dried
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6@Bc;
prime wire tray, B%c; choice, 9c; fanoy. 9%c.
• PRUNES — «(J?S%c,
APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@13c: Moorpark, 12@16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7(g*9c; peeled, 12@15c.
: CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— Wheat opened at %®%o
■ decline from yesterday's closing price. In
fluenced to some extent by the unfavorable
■ weather, liberal Northwest movement and the
.fact that cables did not show as much strength
i as expected In view of the sharp rally here late
' .yesterday.' It soon developed, however, that
September was in good request and a very
moderate supply, selling up l%c to 70c. The
; advance affected ' the rest of the list, which
; sold up In sympathy. Cash- values In the
i Northwest ruled firm, and this was also a
1 factor. Yesterday's coast business was im-
m ense; 1,240)000 bushels, and exports also made
, a good showing, aggregating 917,000 bushels.
New York- wired that the United Kingdom and
I Continent were buyers to-day and that accept-
I ances were again .fairly - liberal. Foreigners
were 'also credited with purchases In this mar-
I ket. Primary receipts were 324,000 bushels
smaller than a year ago, notwithstanding
1 liberal arrivals in the Northwest. The bearish
i showing of the Liverpool closing cables created
1 a change in sentiment and prices here receded,
although Paris closed s@lo centimes higher.
' September In New York turned weak late in
: the -day, selling off l%e. Duluth also ruled
. easier, declining nearly 10. Local longs liqui
; dated and final quotations here were around the
: bottom prices. December closed at yesterday's
■ figures. ' '
Corn lost all the Improvement of yesterday
i and %o besides. It was chiefly affected by the
| course of the Wheat market.
; Oats were traded in moderately and the mar
ket showed .strength, early prices advancing %
, <& l ,ic over yesterday's close. Weakness de
; veloped later, • however, and prices closed with
j a loss of %@%c on the day.
. Provisions bad against them very heavy re
\ ceipts of hogs, and that, . together with the yel
! low fever reports and 1 shilling decline In the
: price of bacon at Liverpool, caused a heavy
market. Pork declined 12%0, lard 7%c • and
• rib's sc.
. The leading futures ranged as follows: ..
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. >j-
I September .' 68% "• 70 «8 68%
December... ...64% 64% 63% 63%
May 65% 65% 64% 64%
Corn. No. J— . .
September 29% 30 29% 29%
December..... .30% 80%: 29% 29%
May 32% - 32% 81% 82
i Oats, No. 2—
September 22 ' 22% 21% 21%
December... 21% 21% 20% 21
May 22% 23% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl— . .
October.... 8 12% 8 12% 796 7 97%
December 8 17% 8 22% ". 805 8 07%
January 9 12% 920 » 07% 9 07%
Lard, per 100 lb»—
October ......4 77% 4 77% 4 72% 475
December" ...4 82% 4 82% ; 4 77% 4 80-
January ....4 80 490 "' 4 87% 4 87%
Short Ribs, per : 100 lbs—
October .'5 22% 6 27% 6 22% 5 22%
January. 4.72% 475 470 4 72%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 63®63%e; No. 2 red,
68c; No. 2 corn. 2»%@29%c; No. 2 oats. 22@22%c;
No. 3 white, 23%@24%c; No. ■ 2 rye. 48c; No. 2
"barley, 34*55 44c ; No. 1 flaxseed; 92(j£93c; - prime
timothy seed, new, $1 50®2 30; mess pork, per
bbl, $8 05(5 S 10: lard, per > 100 lbs, $1 82%®4 85;
short ribs sides (loose), $5 15<S5 35; short clear/
sides (boxed). $5 40<a>5 50; ■ whisky, - distillers* fln^
'lshed goods, per- gal, $1 25. • *".: ■■
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bblsr.r./.:...:. ...;... 15,000 8,000
Wheat, bush 296,000 92.000
Corn, T)ush ..................648,000: ' 267,000
Oats, bush 600.000 '. 614.000
Rye, bush- \ •'.".. 37,000 ■ . .■. .; ; .
Bartey. bush .........:.... 165.000 :.-r : 14,000
On : the Produce Exchange .to-day the ! Butter
THE SAX FBANCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
Tlj m fWvCWjsnSjjrmw — WBligliMjtiigr -
market was steady; creameries, 12@19%c; dair
ies, 12@17c. Cheese, steady, 7@B%c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 14c. ■*' '/ . "; : '. ■ .-*■ ■' ' ••> : •; '
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. . " l \.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— , Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis ....'. 344.160 67,340
Duluth .:..... ,.:..:445,466 192.359
Milwaukee ...;. ~.. 44,200 89,900
Chicago 2T6.260 91.941
Toledo .....'...;....... 63,348 " 1.000
St. Louis 46,000 65,000
Detroit 17.236 7,930
Kansas City 00,000 131.000
Totals 1,339.060 . G46.COG
Tidewater-
Boston 202.465 89.961
New York . 318.200 105,600
Philadelphia .'...... 29,259 81.549
Baltimore . ...:. 51.776 . 31.958
New Orleans ' 287,000
Galveston ..".
Totals ...:
LIVERPOOL. FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 2 .5 6% 5 7
Closing ...61 • 88 5 6
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Sept. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 47 65 46 90
Closing 47 70 46 75
Wheat-
Opening ..; 2165 2178
Closing 22 05 2175
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. .
CHICAGO. Sept. 2S.— CATTLE— beef
steers were In good demand at $3 90@5 80 for
the commonest to the best offerings, the great
er part of the sales' being at $4 90@5 50: stook
ers and feeders, $3 40@-4 60. -northern fed. West
ern and Texas cattle brought steady prices and
Western rangers were In good demand at
prices lately ruling, choice lots selling 5$ 10c
hieher.
HOGS— The day's sales .were at- an extreme
range of $4 40@4 for common to prime droves;'
bulk of sales were $3 70@3 90. '
SHEEP— SoId all the way from $2 60@3 50 for
the commoner lots up to $4 60 for choice native
wethers; Western feeders sold at $3 75@4 10 1
range sheep sold at $3 75®4 50, largely at $4'ffi
4 85: lambs sold actively at $4 60®4 90 for feed
ers and at $4 50 & 5 75 for native slaughtering
lots limited numbers of choice to prime lambs
fetching $5 90®6 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 16,000; hogs, 56.0Q0; sheep,
18,000.
. KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Sept. 28.— CATTLE— Receipts
15,000 ■ best steady, others lower: native, steers.
$3 75@5 35: Texas steers, $2 So@4 60; Texas
cows, $£<g3 40; native cows and heifers, $2 °y<t
6: stockers and ~ders, $3@5 25; bulls, $2 75
(S3 40.
HOGS— Receipts 12.000: market 6@loc lower,
slow;, bulk of sales, $3 65*3 75; heavies and
packers, $3 60@3 7-5 ; mixed $3 60(g3 80; lights,
13 Cs@3 82%; yorkers, $3 75®S 82%; pigs, $3 70®
0 80.
SHEEP— Receipts 4000; lambs, J4iS ! 5; muttons,
$3 30®4.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Sept. CATTLE— Receipts 7500;
market strong; native beef steers, $4 50(55 50;
Western steers, $3 So@4 ; '«xas steers, $3 50®
3 90; cows and heifers, $303 90; stockers and
feeders. $3 60(^4 60; calves, $4 50&6 50; bulls,
stags, etc. $2 25(^3 85.
HOGS— Receipts 9000; market 10c lower;
Tieav $3 60@4 90: mixed, $3 62%©3 65; light,
$3 62H1g3 75: bulk of sales, $4 62%.
SHEEP— Receipts 4500: steady: native mut
tons. $3 70@4 40; Westerns. $3 60@4 25; lambs.
$4 25@5 50.
DENVER.
DENVER, Sept. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2000.
Market, steady. Beef steers, {2 50tg5 25; cows,
$2 :>o@3 75: feeders, $3 60® 4 20; stockers, freight
paid. $3 80@5; bulls, stags, etc., $2@S.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market, weak and
lower. Light packers, $3 65@3 70; mixed, $3 60
@3 65; heavy, $3 4fcjT3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500. Market, firm. Good
fat muttons, $3@4 25; lambs, $4 25-S5 25.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Sept. 28.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day and
realized the following prices: Grapes— Malagas,
$1 20@l 40, average $137; Cornlchon, 80c; Ital
lon. 93c. Five cars sold. Weather favorable.
BOSTON, Sept. 2S.— Grapes— Tokays, 75c@
$1 10. average 78c; Muscats. 50@75c, average Csc.
Pears— Bartlctts, $2<32 10. average $2 04. Weath
er warm. Two cars sold.
N'KW YORK. Sept. 28.— Grapes— Cornichon,
$1 SCffl 36. average, $1 21 ; Tokay. $1 12. Pears—
Rartletts, $2 10<J2 75, average $2 36; Clalrgeau.
$1 50^1 80. average $1 53; Oriandago. $1 50 ;.
Doyenne. $1 30. Quinces— sl 25. Weather cool.
Eight cars sold. .
MONTREAL, Sept. 26.— Grapes— Tokays, sln
f!e crates, Soo<iTs2 60: Damascus, average, $1 60.
•eaohes— Sal way. Soc<gsl 15, average S7c; I^evl
Cling, $1 Q8; Lemon Cling, 75c; George's Late,
73cff|$l 06, average, Sic; Smack Free, 79c.
Porter Bros. Company's sales of California
fruit to-day were as follows:
NEW YORK. Sept. 2S.— Pears— Bartlett, $1 55
®2 90 box; Duchesse, $2 15; Beurre Clairgeau.
$1 75; Louis Bonne, $1 45; Vicar, $1 35; Bula.
$1 85. Prunes— Hungarians, 9f»c®s2 fis single
crates. Grapes— Black Morocco, $i 454il 55 sin
gle crates; Tokay. 85c@$l 55: Muscat. Cscfssl 45;
assorted, 70eii$l 20. .Peaches— Sal ways, 90c@
$1 15 box. Eight care sold.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2S.— Grapes— Black Morocco.
$180 single crate; Cornlchon, $1 30; Tokay, 70c
$?$1 22; assorted. $l 16; Malvolse, $1; Muscats,
95c; Purple Damascus, 80c; Rose de Peru 60c
Peaches— Sal way, 65@S0c box; Mitchell Clings^
65c; Levl Clings, 56c. Six cars sold.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Sept. 28.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter says: So far as local trading
Is concerned, the market shows no change
worthy of mention. The money market is fa
vorable and prices for wool are well main
tained. We do not hear of any striking con
cessions. There seems to be nothing for any
one to do except wait for developments.
In the matter of exporting wool our dealers
feel that there Is possibly room for considerable
activity. The wools that are .being exported
are, of course, wools in bond on which the
duty has not been paid. These are mostly di
rect Importations from Australia, although
they Include some wools bought at the London
sales months ago. The sales of the week In
Boston amount to 1,042.000 pounds domestic and
573,000 pounds foreign, against a total of 13,
012.000 for the corresponding week lost year
Sales since January 1, 1898. amount to 85,379 010
pounds, against 304,950,100 pounds last year at
this time.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Sept. 28.— WHEAT— Exporters
have filled all their pressing tonnage engage
ments and were not bidding up as they were
lapt week.. Walla Walla, 59@60c; valley and
bluestem, 62ig63c.
Freights easier; three charters reported since
yesterday at 31s 3d.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 28.— WHEAT— Unchanged.
Club, 60c; bluestem. 63@64c.
Steamer Curacao clears with 1500 tons of grain
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LOVDON. Sept. 28.— Consols. 109 13-W; silver.
28 6-16 d; French rentes, 102f 62% c; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on
passage, sellers at advance 6d; Oregon, 29s 3d;
English country markets, generally 6d dearer
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 28.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s sd(g6s td; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3%d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red Western winter firm,
6s 3%d; spot No. 1 red Northern spring firm,
6s 3 ; i..d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 28.— COTTON— Firm;
middlings, 4T40.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Sept. 28.— Exchanges, $240,028
balances, 167,666.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 54 83
Sterling E-change, 5ight.......... — : 485
Sterling Cables '. — 4 85^
New York Exchange 5ight........ — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce : — •. . c>iy. !
Mexican Dollars ::.;t.. 47% 47%
"WHEAT AND OTHER <-aAINS.
WHEAT— The tendency In Chicago was to
ward lower prices,* and this market was weaker
In , sympathy. : -.-..-, ■'. ■■
Spot Shipping, $1 18%@1 21%; milling.
$122%@125. . •
\ . . CALL , BOARD SALES.
Informal ■ . Session — 9:16 ' o'clock— December—
6000 ctls. $1 22%; 8000. $122%. t.-;-,-*j-
Second Session — December — 6000 ctls, |1 22%. •
Regular Morning Session— December— .ctls ■,
$1 21%; 2000. $1 21%; 36.000, $1 21%; 34.000, ■ $1 21%!
; Afternoon Session, — December. — ; 2000 ctls
1 21% ; 4000, $121%.. : •-. ;
'BARLEY— The market ' showed no further
change, of any consequence. Trade was. alack
reed,-$121%®l 23%; Brewing, $125 for No. 2.
: ; CALL ■ BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
2000 ctls,-; $1 2C>4- '"•■ '.: '■ f. «.'*-; '. : ■- ■;
Second Session— No sales. :,.• < ,:.;:.:,.: "S ? ■..:■
. Regular Morning Session— December— 4ooo ctl»
$12«%; 2000. $1-26; 4000, 28%; 4000, $125%.
Afternoon . Session — No sales. . . 5 -
OATS— ; did .- a « lively - business . again
yesterday and reported prices firm.
Fancy Feed, $1 27V4 ? per ctl; good to choice,
$1 I*H@l 22%;. common, $1 12H@1 IS; ..Surprise,
$1 30©l 32%; Gray, $1 17%@1 20; : milling, $1 200
1 25.per-ctl..frV:,->--..-.'-K-<.--v y.-v.-.W, -.-.■: -.._,.~. : ■
s- CORN— ; market ;- rules rather firmer, = as
receipts have been smaller of late, though there
Is no pronounced rise in prices.- • : . ' -•• • -,
'Small round yellow, $1 26; Eastern large yel
low. $1 07V4®1 10; white," $1 12%©! 15; ; mixed,
$105@107H per ctl; California White, $116®
1 20.
RYE— sl 15@1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15®4 25; bakers*
extras, $4@4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 50; Hominy, $3 2f>@3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4
®4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Faring $4 50;
Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels). $5 sr>;<?6 25; In sacks. $5 65@6 n5; Pearl Bar
ley, $3; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per
100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market\ continues stiff, but there
Is no choice of any consequence coming in,
hence there is no advance in quotations. Ar
rivals are now running small.
BRAN— SI 3 SOijm per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $18iH2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $26 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31«31 50; Job
bing, $32-?i 32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23@2S 50;
Cracked Corn, $24(ff 24 50.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16@18 for good
to choice and $13616 for lower grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $14 50@17:
Oat, $14^16; Island Barley. $12 50@13 50; Al
falfa. $12'a13 50; Stock, $11@12 50; Clover, nom
inal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat, $12 MXg'U: Oat $12@13 60; Cheat, $11 5W3
12 50; Timothy, $11@13 50; Alfalfa, $10 50® 11 50
per ton.
STRAW— 3O@SSc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Shipment of IS6S ctls Lima Beans, valued at
$6260, to Liverpool. The market for all de
scriptions remains unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $i Ss@2: Small Whites. $2®
2 12H; Large Whites, $1 70@l 90; Pinks, $2 35®
2 4;.; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $3 2,'i<g3 50; But
ters; nominal; Llmas, $3 25(?j3 35; Pea, $1 90@2;
Red Kidneys, $2 25<??2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50@4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $4@4 12H;. Flax, $2@2 10;
Canary Peed. 2V4®2%c per 1b; Alfalfa, 5%@6c;
Rape, 2|4@3%c; Hemp. 2%@3c; Timothy, 5®
6V-.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 Go@l 68; Green, $1 75
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
River Potatoes have broken and Onions are
also weaker. Vegetables range about as be
fore.
POTATOES— 4O(gSOc for Early Rose and 40®
55c for River liurbanfcs; Salinas Burbanks. 60c
igtl 15; Oregon, 70cig$l; Sweet Potatoes, %@lc
per Ib for nearby and H4@lVtc for Merced.
ONlONS— so<jj6oc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, 50ftfS'ic per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2@3c; String
Beans. l(§2c: Lima Beans. 2®3c; Bay
Squash. 25fi3Oc; Green Peppers, 25@40c for
Chile and 3iii4oc for Bell; Cabbage, 50c; Car
rots. 30(3 50c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, SS&iOc;
; Pickles, $1 77><g2 per ctl for No. 1 and $1 for No.
'2; River Tomatoes, 30^50^ Bay Tomatoes. 40®
' 60c; Greon Corn, 75c^$1 25 per irate; Garlic, 3c
I per lb; Green Okra, 50^600; Dried Okra, 10c
I per tb; Egg Plant, 50rg6oc per box; Marrowfat
! Squash, $S(g'lo per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per Ib In lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. 16® 18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 2oc;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold, making four
this week. Ixical stock Is firmer and going off
well at full figures, arrivals being light.
Eastern stock la quoted at l<sc for Turkeys,
$6 for Hens, J7 for young Roosters, $5 for
old do, $5 for Fryers, and $3 5004 60 for Broil
ers.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 15@17c for Gob
blers and l.'f?l6c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
IWI 60; GoMlngs, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $4@>5.50
for old and $4ft3 50 for young; Hens, H'hZ w;
Roosters, youns SBSIC; Roosters, old. %* 50<a>5;
Fryers, $4*@4 50; Broilers, $3 50@4 for Wge,
$3«?3 50 for small; Pigeons, $I@l 25 perjiOzen
for old and $1 :.0(22 for squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is a shade higher, and Eggs also show
some improvement. Cheese has not changed
for a lonsr time.
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 27@2Sc; seconds,
25<g26c. • • • • .
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 22@26c; common
grades, ISJ?2Ic.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18^200; pickled roll,
21<&'214c; creamery tub, 21(9 21%c.
Eastern Butter-Ladle packed, 16@16%0 per
It)- Elgin 22"<j22 1 *c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lOSllc; old, B%fg>
9Hc; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
l6^®ll^c; Eastern, 12©13 c. .
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 32W33fic per dozen; store
Eggs. 18026 c; Eastern, 15©18 c for ordinary
and 22(g 23c for fancy. '. •
AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cantaloupes continue to advance. Otherwise
there Is nothing new of importance, the market
1 being well stocked and quiet. Wine Grapes
j are firm, with an advance in the common de
scriptions.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— ___" ,
Strawberries, $1 75<&3 per chest for large. and
for small. • ...
Figs. 40© 75c per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes, $1«1 SO per crate; Nutmegs, 35®
50c per box; Watermelons, $15@25. per hundred
for large and JlOft 12 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 76 Sc per Ib. . .
Quinces, EO^aToC. ' .
Pomegranate, 75c@$l 50 per box. according
°CrnnVierries. $8 50@9 50 per barrel.
Ordinary Grnnes, 40®5tic per box; Seedless.
(E07Bo; crates sell about 10c higher than boxes;
Isabellas. 40fi75c per crate; Wine Grapes $15®
16 per ton for Zlnfandel and $13(214 for Mission.
Blackberries, $3@4 50 per chest.
Plums 25f1."0c per crate and box.
Peaches, 50!?i65c per box for good to choice
and 85® 40c for common stock; in bulk, $16@25
per ton for freestones.
j Raspberries, $6<S7 per chest.
Apples, 3ofg6oc for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice.
Bartlett Pears, 75c@$l 25 per box; Winter
j Pears, 3i'<!J7sc rior box.
I CITRUS KRUITS— Oranges, $l(f 160 for Va
lencias, $lfil 25 for St. Michaels, 76c@$l for
Mediterranean Sweets and 50<g!75c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $2<??2 r,O for common and $3@5 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6; Califor
nia Limes, ; Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The fruit market remains In statu quo.
Holders refuse to make any concessions and
force buyers to pay up. The buyers, in their
turn, do not purchase except when compelled,
and there ttio matter stands.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, 7<g7%c for 40-50's,
6%@5%C for TjO-CO's. 4<*c for 60-70' s, 3%@4c for
70-80's, 3%!&3M>c for 80-90's, 2%@3c for 90-100's
and 2ffl2Vic for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, s@7Hc;'
Peachee, 6<5-S\ic for good to choice, 9l2?10c for
fancy and 10<&12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10®
12c for Royals and 12@12Hc for Moorpark; 1
Evaporated Apples, 7%tfi'7Hc; sun dried, 4@
4V,c; Black Figs, sacks, 2@2^c; Plums. 4^<#
6c" for pitted and liS-lHc for unpltted; Nec
tarines, B©7O for prime to fancy;' Pears, 6@7c
for cjuarters and St}9c for halves.
RAISINS— 2»4c for two-crown. 4c for three
crown, 4%c for four-crown, 4V4®6c foT Seedless
Sultanas, SVic for Seedless Muscatele and $1 20 !
for London Layers; dried Grapes, 2c.
' NUTS— Walnuts, 6c for hardshell, 7c for soft
shell; Almonds. s<S6c for hardshell. ISc for
Boftshell, 13(jJ>14c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@
sV>c for Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
can?, SV&OSc; Filberts, 9%@10c; Braill Nuts,
B@9c per lt>; Cocoanuts. $4 50®5 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb. 9t?:10c for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6®
6%c: light amber extracted, 6@'sV4c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, B@B%c per Ib for
heavy, S%<Q9c for light medium, 10Hc for light,
11 for extra light and i2H@l3c for eugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10^c; California
Hams, 9Vjc; Mess Beef, tlo@lo 50 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11^11 EO; Family Beef, $12®12 60;
extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $IS@lB 50;
mess, $15 50^16; Smoked Beef, Il(?jl2c per lt>.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per It)
for compound and "Vie for pure; -palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces. 5c per Ib for compound and 6%c
for pure; half barrels, 7c; 10-lb tins, 7%c; 5-lb
tins, t>c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%®6<4c; packages
lese than 300 Tbs— l-tT> pails, 60 In a case. 9Hc;
3-tb pails, 20 in a case, B*ic; 5-tb palls, 12 In a
case, S'.sc; 10-tb pails, 6 In a case, BHc; 50-!b
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, Trie; wooden bucket*. 20
H>3 net, B%c; fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lt>s, 7%c per It).
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
The New York Wool Exchange has closed,
owing to the depression in the Wool trade.
Shipment of 97 tons of Tallow to Liver
pool.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, B%c; Cow
hides, B^<Sr9%c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15©15>£c; culls and brands,
12@13c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@18c;
Sheepskin 1 !. shearlings. 15@25c each; short
wool, 30tf40c each; medium, 6<Xgßoc; long wool,
90cCg*l 10 each; Horsehides, salt. $2 25 fof
large and |l(Jil 75 for small; Colts, SOc; Horse
hides, dry. $1 Eo@l 75 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered, 3H@3Vic per lt>;
No. 2. 2V4©2%c; refined, *%<&i\c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loe;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', 8@10c: Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@Hc; Foothill and Northern,
defective, l<KTl2c; Middle County, 13®16c; Hum
boldt and Mendocinn. 14<S16c; Nevada, in®l4c;
Eastern Oregon, loiiPl2c: Valley Oregon, 15(§>l7c.
HOPS— IS9S crop, ll@l3Hc; 1897 crop, nominal.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%@5c; Wool Bags, 28®28c; San
Quentln Bags, U 85; Fruit Bags, sc, SHo and
6%c for 'the three grades of white, and 7@Bc
for brown. -' . - __ ...
COAL-Wellington, IS per ton; New Welling
ton. *S; Southfleld Wellington, *7 50; Seattle.
$6 : Bryant, ■ »6; Coos Bay, , $5; Wallsend, *7 50 .
Cumberland, , $10 In bulk and ; $11 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, *14; Cannel. Jiu
per ton ;r Rock Springs and Castle Gate, $7 60;
Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
CANNED FRUlT— Shipment of ; 64,923 cases
to Liverpool. Stocks there are all cleaned up.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7%c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated. 6^c; Dry. Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6c; California A/ 5%c: Magnolia A,
6%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 5%c; half barrels.
Me more than barrels, and' boxes %c morn. No
order taken for less than 76 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN r FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is nothing new except the weakness
of the Hog market, and that is getting to be
an old story. ■ ■ : \
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: . ':■ • .
BEEF— First quality, 6@6%0; second quality,
6%c: third quality, 4@sc.
VEAL— Large, s@-«: small. 6%@Bc per lb. "
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 7%@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3V4@3%c for large, S%@4c
for medium and 3^4<S3Vic for small; stock Hoes,
2@3c; dressed Hogs, sVi@6^c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Wednesday, September 28.
Flour, qr ska ... 12,894 Straw, tons 19
Wheat, ctls .•.:..■ 20 Pelts, bdl» 120
Barley, ct15..... 2,920 Hides, no ........ 48
Oafs, ctls 690 Hops, bale* 6
Corn, ctls ....... 25 Wool, bales 38
Cheese, ctls ..... 224 Eggs, doz ........ 4,080
Butter, ctls ..;.. 95 Quicksilver, flsk. 30
Tallow, ctls 206 Leather, rolls ... 44
Beans, sks 63 Lumber, ft 35,000
Potatoes, sks ... 9,650 Wine, gals 27,000-
Onions, sks 914 Brandy, gals .... 3,200
Bran, sks ....... 53 Powder, bxs .... •• 5
Middlings, sks .... 350 Sugar, sks ...... 5,315
Hay, tons ........ 192; Lime, bbls ...'... 81
. EASTERN.
Com, ctls ....... 400 1 Bran, sks .892
Flour, qr sks ... 7.170 Shorts, ska 400
Barley, ctls 6,800 1 Wool, bales 14«
Oats, ctls 1.5601
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 10! "•"
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks wers dull as usual, with no
changes worthy of note.
Local securities were quiet, with lower prices
for Hana Plantation.
The Crown Point and Poto«l delinquent sales
take place to-day.
The Bishop Creek Ditch Company . of Inyo
County has levied an assessment of $2 50 per
share on the first division of its capital stock,
payable October 10.
• At a special meeting of the stockholders of
the Alta Mining Company yesterday a reduc
tion of the capitalization from $100 to $2 per
share was authorized.
. A special meeting of the stockholders of the
Lady Washington Mining Company will be
held to-day to authorize a reduction of the
capitalization from $100 to $1 per share.
The People's Home Savings Bank, now In
liquidation, has declared a dividend of 10 per
cent to depositors, payable October 20. This
dividend Is the fifth, and will make a total of
31 per cent paid depositors since the bank
went Into liquidation.
STOCK AND POND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, Sept. 28—2 p. m.
Kld.Aßk. Bld.Ask.
D R Bonds— S F O & E... BSH BS%
Js quar cuip..111%112% San Fran 3% 3%
Is quar reg... 110^110% Stockton Gas.. IS —
Is quar new... 127 12S Insurance —
3s new 104T4105 Flrrnvs rund.WS —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks —
Cal-st Cab 65.115%116»4 Contra Costa.. 55 67
Cal E-l 6s 125 — Marln Co SO —
C C Wat 55... 100 101 Spring Valley.loo%loo%
Dup-st ex c... — 98% ■ Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65... 132 133 Anglo-Cal .... 63 65
F & Cl Ry 6s. — 116 V, Bank of Ca1... 249 —
Geary-st X ss. — 100 Cal S D & T.. — 97
H C & B 4%5.100 103 First Nat 205 —
L A LCo 65.. — 100 Lon P & L....125H —
Do gntd 65.. 99 100 V« Mer Exchange 154 —
Market-st 65.. 128 1-29 Nev Nat 8...162U.165
Do Ist M 55. 114 114V4 Savings Banns—
Nat Mn 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L..1600 1640
N C NGRy 75. 104% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 6n..113% — M"tual Saw- — 42%
N Ry Cal 55.. 105 ft — S F Say U.. 490 600
NPC R R 65. 103 106 S & L 50.... — 9S
NPC R H 55. 100% — Security S B 300 350
N Cal R R ss. — — t'nion T Co.looo —
Oak Gas 55.... 108%109% Street Railroads—
Om Ry 6s 128%— California 108 —
P&CI Ry 65.. 106 — Geary -45 —
P & O 6s 112 — Market-st 54% 54%
Powell-Ft 65. ..119 — Presidio 8% 10
Reno " •L&L..100 — Fowrt«-—
Sor El Ry ss. 100 ■ — California — 150
5F & N P -5(1.109% — E Dynamite... 85 95
SlerraßCal- 6s. — 106 Giant Con Co. 48%. 48%
B P of Ar 65. 108 10SH Vlgorlt 2% 3
S P Cal 65... 113 — Miscellaneous—
BPC Is cc ss. — 104. Al Pac Assn. .102%102%
S p Br 6s 11«%119% Ger Ld Wk5..160 -
P V Water 65. 116% — Hana P C 0.... 16% 17
S V Water 45.103%103% Haw C & S Co 27% 28
Stockton Ga5.. 102 — Hutch S P Co. 68% 58%
Gas & Electric— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent Gaslight. los — Nat Vln 65... — 5 •
»nt T, * P... 7% <>% Oceanic 8 Co. 56* 67
Mutual El Co. — 12 Pacific AF A. 1% 2%
Oakland Gas.. 53% 63% Pac C Bor Co. 95 98
Pac Gas Imp.. SS% »9 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L Co 48% —
Mornlrr Session.
90 Giant Powder Con 43 25
20, do do 48 50
5. r . Market-street Railway '.: 64 62V4
25 Oceanic Steamship Co .-..66 50
20 S- F Gas & Electric < o .'. 88'62Vfe
20 Spring Valley Water 100 37»-i
$4000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 119 00
$1000 f? F & N P Ry Bonds 109 50
300 Vlgorlt Powder .■ 2 30
Street— :
100 Bank of California 250 00
• ' ■ Afternoon Session.
$4000 Edison I, & P Bonds 132 25
70 Giant Powder Con 48 25
25 Harm Plantation Co 17 25
76 do do • 17 12%
75 do do 17 00
20 Spring Valley Water 100 37%
200 -Vlgorit Powder 2 62%
•Street—
15 Pacific Coast Borax 98 00 •
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Market-street Railway B4 62%
$6000 Park & Cliff House 6s 107 00
$3000 Spring Valley Water 4s 103 75
Afternoon Session.
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar..... 27 75
15 Spring Valley Water...... .100 25
20 do do 100 37%
40 Giant Powder Con 48 25
35 8 F Gas & Electric 88- 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following i« ere. the sales In the . San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday. • •' ;_,
' .-. Morning Session.
200 Andes 121550 81
300 Best & Belcher. 321100 Crown Point ... 15
100 Caledonia 29 1 1100 Potosi 17
200 .............. j500j 500 Union Con 25
150 Con Cal & Va... 80 TOO Yellow Jacket .. 24
Afternoon 'Session. . ~
800 Best & Belcher. 33 100 Mexican ........ 22
100 Con Cal & Va... 81 100 ...... 23
100 '.. 82 200 Ophir .. 59
50 Confidence ' 63 400 Savage- 15
200 Crown Point ... 16 550 Union Con ...... 26
100 Gould & Curry. 2" 400 Utah ....... 07
300 Hale & Norcrs. 75 1 MO Yellow Jacket .. 24
100 Justice : 12 1
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Stock Board yesterday:
-Morning Session.
300 Andes ........... 11 500 Con Cal & Va... SO
1200 Best & Belcher 33 700 Ophir ... 69
;00 Chollar 18 K>o Potosi . . . . . 18
700 Crown Point .. 15 1500 XT. 17
700 :...... 16 200 Standard 170
500 Gould & Curry.. 22 300 Union Con . . 26
JOO ....... 23 200 Yellow Jacket .. 24
30......:..... ....... 21
Afternoon Session. .
400 Andes ......;.... 12 300 Hale & Norcr».. 80
300 Best & Belcher 33 100 Ophir 61
300 ...... 34 300 ...... ......;..... 60
200 Con Cal & Va... 82 500 Savage .......... 15
200 •'••• 85 450 Sierra Nevada:. 84
200 Gould & Curry-. 23 200 Union Con ........ 26
500 ............ 24 200 ...... 27
200 Mexican .• 24 200 .....28
200.. 23 200 Yellow Jacket... 24
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY. Sept. 28—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask!
Alpha 03 04 Julia 01 02
• Alta ............— 10 Justice ..11 12
Andes 11 13 Kentuck ....... 02 04
-Belcher ..:..... 17 19 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con — 06 — Mexican , ' 23 25
Best & Belcher 33 34 Occidental 80 .88
Bullion ......... 03 04 Ophir ; ....60 61
.Caledonia 28 30 Overman 06 07
Chollar ......... 18 19 Potosl 17 18
Challenge Con.' 19- 20 Savage 14 is
• Confidence,..'... 85 — Scorpion ....... 04 —
Con Cal & Va. 84 85 Seg Belcher ... 03 04
■ Con Imperial '. . 01 '02 Sierra Nevada. 83 85
Crow« Point •• 16 16 Silver Hill .... — 12
Con New York. 02 03 Syndicate ......—, 03
Eureka Con ... 30 — Standard .......1 60 170
' Exchequer ".....•— 04 Union Con ..... 27 28
Gould & Curry. 23 24 Utah :.....'..... 07 OS
Hale & Norcra. — 80 Yellow Jacket. 25 26
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Savings and Loan Society to Hubert Galey,
lot on N line of Jackson street, 150 W of Lar
kln. W 36 by N 127:8»4; $3000.
Ffanclsca Lang (wife) to Louis Lang, lot on
N line of Page street, 219:0 W of Franklin. W
28 by N 120; also lot on 8 Hne of Fell street
192:6 E of Octavla, E 27:6 by S 120; gift.
William F. Alexander to Alice L. Alexander,
lot on N Hne of Filbert street, 100 W of Fill
more. W 37:6 by N 120; gift.
Robert P. Kavanagh (late trustee) to B. P.
Oliver (trustee), lot on E line of Church
street, 27 S of Twenty-ninth. S 68 by E 80; also
lot on N line of Day street, 80 E of Church, E
62:8 by N 114, transfer of trusts under 1652 d.
193: } .
B. P. Oliver (trustee) to Barthold Stalling.
lot on E line of Church street, 27 S of Twenty
ninth. S 63 by E 80; $2000. h
Mary L. Sime and Charles Ashton to Hugn
T., William M.. Arthur M. and A. Marlon
Sime, lot on N line of Pine street, 17:8 vv or
St. Marys place. W 20:9, N 47:6. W 21:.. N -.2.
E 60, S 22. W 17:*. S 67:6: also lot on N line of
Everett street, 150 W of Third. AN 2o by N 30.
also property In Solano County: $10.
Catherine L. Johnstone (Kane), wife of w »;
Ham, and Sarah A. Coleman (Kane), wife oi
James, to Daniel A. Twigg, lot on NW »"«
of SUvbt street, 175 SW of Third. SW 2a by
Arthur K. and Addie L. Turner to Charles
E. Church, lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue.
175 N of Clement street, N 25 by E 120; Sl» a0 -
Henry and Eleanor Martin to Albert m.
Get 2. lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, Z.u
S of I street. S 50 by E 240; $10.
J. S. Angus, T. G. Crothers and W. S. Good
fellow (executors of the estate of James O.
Fair) to John McLean, lot on E line of Ben
ninifton street, 25:1% N of East avenue. N M
by E 100, lots 2 and 3, block 11, Fair's sub
division of Holly Park; $10.
Masonic Cemetery Association to E. D.
Sawyer, NE hi of lot 36, Circle Plot, Masonic
Cemetery; $200.
Sarah M. Hansell (by William I* Hansell,
trustee) to Amarilla Schmitz. 1657 d 150, lot on
E line of Octavia street, 25 S of Greenwich,
S 28:4 by E 100, trust deed; $1 etc.
Same to Sarah M. Bareillee, 1657 d 150, lot on
E line of Octavia street, 110 S of Greenwich,
E 100, N 28:4, W 100, S 23:4. same; $1 etc.
Same to Bertha L. Bareilles. 1657 d 150, lot
on E line of Octavia street, 53:4 S of Green
wich, S 28:4 by E 100, same; $1 etc.
Estate Jacob M. Miller (by executors) to
Emil Orack. lot on N line of Fell street, 82:6
W of Laguna. W 27:6 by N 120; $4800.
Julia A. Botcher, John F. and Mary C. Clark
(Botcher) to Margaret Botcher, lot on S line
of Golden Gate avenue, 206:3 W of Lott, W 25
by S 137:6; $10.
Joseph T. Dunne to Mary A. Healey, lot on
S line of Ridley street. 70 W of Mission, W 35:8,
S 56:5, more or less, to a division fence between
said lot ond lot formerly owned by R. McAtee;
thence E In an Irregular direction 109:1, more
or less, to point on W line of Mission, 86:2
S of Ridley, S 54:2, more or less, W 70, N 32;
$300.
Henry N. and Mary A. Clement (by S. C.
Blgelow and A. A. Smith, trustees) to William
Lewis, 1532 d 40, lot on E line of Guerrero
street, 49:6 N of Nineteenth, N 24:6 by E 105,
trustees' deed ; $2742.
Willis G. Finch to Frank W. Altken. undi
vided l-40th of following: Lot on SW corner
of Greenwich and Sansome streets, S 68:9 by W
137:6; also lot on W line of Stevenson street. 110
S of Nineteenth, S 50 by W 70; aIBO lots 18 to
21, 34, 35, 41 to 43, 47, block 4; lots 1 to 6, 24
to 29, 32 to 42, 45 to 48, block 5; lots 1 to 44,
block 6, Garden Tract Homestead Association;
also that portion of block 7, Garden Tract
Homestead Association, commencing at S cor
ner of San Bruno avenue and Paul avenue, SE
152:8%, SW 75. NW ll:0'A, N 91:Sfc; also prop
erty in outside counties; $1000.
Frank P. Deering to Henry W. Holle, lot on
SW corner of Pacittc and Jonea streets, W 62:4
by S 60; $10.
Henry and Katie Byson to Mary T. Mullln,
lot on NE line of Rltch street, 75 SE of Folsom,
SE 25 by NE 80; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to August
Vetter, lot on SE line of Brannan street, 343:9
SW of Eighth, SW 68:9 by SE 275; $9301.
William F. Berry to California Guarantee In
vestment Company, lot on NE corner of Thirty
fourth avenue and X street. N 100 by E 120;
also lot on SW corner of Twenty-seventh ave
nue and Q street, S 240 by W 120; $5.
James D. and Laura W. Maxwell to same,
same (2 descriptions) ; $10.
Emilia de Urioste to Jorge de Urloste, lot
on NE corner of Tenth avenue and L street,
N 125 by E 120; $2000.
Same to Miguel L'rruela, lot on NW corner of
L street and Ninth avenue, W 120 by N 125;
$2000.
Harriet E. Winter to George C. Bejrge, lot
on E.line of Tenth avenue, 200 S of M street,
S 50 by E 120; $10.
Thomas and Catherine Fanning to W. F.
Wise, lot on NE line of Goettlngen street, 60
NW of Harkness. NW 250 by NE 120. lots 7 to
9. block 29, Paul Tract Homestead; $10.
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Mary
and Eugene O'Nell, lot on S line of States
street. 455 W of Castro, W 35, S. 86. SE 47:8, N
96:9, lot 19, block 15. Flint Tract; $400.
Alameda County.
Ban Francisco Savings Union to John Lug
hammer. lots a and 6, block 491, Brlggs Tract,
Oakland; $550.
Ann Doherty to Maria Doherty, extension of
N\V line of Ninth avenue, 100 XE from NE
boundary line of Town of Clinton, NE 100 by
NW 120, East Oakland; gift.
Frank M. and Rose 11. Wilson to Mary
Moody, lot on SE line of Le Conte avenue, 125
E of Le Roy avenue. E 50 by S HO, being- lot
18, block 19, Daley's Scenic Park, Berkeley;
$10.
Samuel and Emma Helgwood to George C.
Weldingrr, lot 8, block "3, Tract B, Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley: $500.
Maria J. Marhado to I. P. Rodrlgues, lot on
N line of county road from San Leandro to
Oakland, NW 3.i5% chains from W corner of
land of Feriera, thence NW 3.18% chains by
NE 1.'. 69 chains, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Otto Gerhardv to Mary L. Gerhardy. lot on
E line of Highland avenue. 230 N of Henry
street, N 40, E 143.17, S 40, W. 144.14, to begin
ning, being lot 7, block 8, Putnam Tract,
Brooklyn Township; gift.
James Johnson to Mrs. Peter M. Anderson
(wife of P. M.), lot on N line of Taylor ave
nue, 110:10 W of Webster street. W 25 by N
133:11. being lot 3, block B. Map of Property of
James Rlddell, Alameda; $1.
James de Fremery to H. C. and Mary A.
Cuvellter, lot on- W line of I'nlon street. 200 N
of Fourteenth, N 50 by W 115, block 555, Oak
land ; $1000.
John P. and Edna F. Beckett to Nels L.
Monk, lot on S line of Fortieth street, 250 W
of Telegraph avenue, W 43 by 3 100, being lot
13, block 2080, map of estate of John Evoy In
Plat Bf. rancho of V. and D. Peralta, Oak
land Annex; also lot 20, block D. Gaskill Tract,
Oakland Annex: $10.
M. G. King to Minnie F. Grover. lot on N
line of Channlng way, 365 W of Dana street,
W 10U by N 130. block 12, property of College
Homestead Association, Berkeley, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Minnie F. and William A. Graves to Mag
gie J. Hazlett (wife of Robert), lot on N line
of Channlng way, 315 W of Dana street, W 50
by N 130, block 12, property of College Home
stead Association, Berkeley; $1.00.
Thomas L. Spanggaard to Eline Spanggaard,
lot 44 on Corrected Map Electric Height Tract,
Brooklyn Township: gift.
Theodore C. Boyd to William M. and Mary
E. de Wolf, lot 25". block n. De Wolf Tract, to
correct former deed. Brooklyn Township; $1.
William M. and Man" E. de Wolf to Theo
dore C Boyd, lot 24, block B, same, to correct
former deed, quitclaim deed; $1.
Frank V. Macedo to Thereza Macedo, lot on
N line of. county road from Irvlngton to Mis
sion San Jose (Washington street), 169j7 W of
county road from'Nlles to Mission San Jose
(Vallejo street), W 40 by N 107, Washington
Township; gift.
Oakland Water Front Company (corporation)
to W. C. Parson, J. P. Dameron and Willard
C. Doane lot on E line of Webster street,. 131
S from NE corner of Webster and First streets,
8 to N line of harbor line of Oakland harbor,
thence E to Its intersection with a line parallel
to and 100 E from Webster street, thence N to
a point 183:8 S from N line of First street,
thenc» N to a point 25 E from E line of Web
ster street and 131 S from N line of First,
thence W 25,' t0 beginning, Oal-and; $10.
J. C. Damepon to Willard C. Doane, undi
vided one-sixteenth same.
J. P. Dameron to Willard C. Doane, undi
vided one-sixteenth of lot beginning at the In
tersection of N harbor -me of Oakland harbor
with a line parallel to and distant 250 E from
Webster street, thence NW to a point 369 S
from N line of First street, thence W 100, N
150, NW to a point 100 E from E line of Web
ster street and 183:8 S from N line of First,
thence S to N harbor line, E to beginning, Oak
land; $10.
Thomas L. and Ellne Spanggaard to Curry
Dickerson, lot 4. block G, Knowles and Potter
subdivision of Kennedy Tract. Efflrt Oakland
Henry W.. Agnes M., Charles W. and Hilda
C. Spaldlng to Robert and Catherine Fawcett,
lot on W line of Henry street, 180 S of Rose,
S 60 by W 135, block 2, Graves and Taylor
Tract. Berkeley; $1300.
William J.- Laymanee to Sarah C.A. Stalger,
lot 16. block 20, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
J. B. and Elizabeth B. Mehdonca to B. C.
Hawes, li. C. Morehouse, Joseph Herrseher, A.
B. Cary and J. B. Mendonca, block 40, bounded
by Hepburn. Estudillo, Saunders and Martinez
streets. City of San Leandro, Eden Township
$2100.
Thomas Lane to Ellzabath Lane, lot 7, block
C, Anspacher tract, being a resubdivislon por
tion of Haywnrd tract. Hay-wards, Eden Town
ship, $10.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Oeodetlc Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point'
the height of tide Is the same at both places
THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29.
Sun rises g. M
Sun seta
Moon sets 6:39 a." m.
4
s'.5 '.
11:22
..."
6:
6;
7::
t>:'
12::
1:<
l:i
2::
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of -occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except whpn there are but
three tides, as sometimes ocour. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to vinlt ;n«
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hm<i
for comparison and reference, and the )atf-s«t
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
in the morning papers the following doy.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In cti.«».
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, TT. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
tember 2S, 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Fer»
building was dropped at exactly noon to-daj"—
I.' c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at •
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charg*.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
rCavarro Yaqulna Bay
Columbia Portland .... .
TJmatilla Victoria & Puget Bound
Pomona Humboldt
Alliance Portland
Santa Hosa San Diego .
Gaelic China and Japan
Czarina Tacoma
Weeott Tillamook Bay
Arcata ; ..... Coos Bay
Del Norte Crescent City
Slam Nanalmo
State California Portland
Coos Bay Newport
San Bias Panama
Chllkat Humboldt
Cleveland ISt. Michael
Bristol Departure Bay
National City... I Oregon Ports
Mackinaw ! Tacoma
Empire ICoos Bay
Charles Nelson. iPuget Sound
South Portland. I Portland
Corona San Diego
Queen Victoria & Puyet Sound
Titanla Nanalmo
Curacao |Puget Sound
Geo. W. Elder.. (Portland
Homer ! Newport
avarro
nlumbia
matllla
nmona
lliance
inta Rosa
aellc I
zarina
'eeott
rcata ;.....
el Norte
am
STEAMERB TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Homer Newport
Navarro ... Yaqulna Bay.
Columbia .. Portland
City Peking China & Japan
Pomona .... Humboldt
Alliance ...(Oregon Ports.
Santa Rosa. San Diego I
Weeott Tillamook
Arcata [Coos Bay
Umatllla ...|Vlc & P<rt Sd.
Chllkat IHumboldt....
Coos Bay... I Newport I
State of CaliPortland I
Alameda . ..ISydney
Corona I San Diego
G. W. ElderiPortland [
Bay"
30. 9 am
30. 12 m|
1. 10 am
1, 1 pm
1, 2 pm
1. » am
2. 11 am
2. 5 pm
2. 10 am
3. 10 ami
3. I Pm
4, 9 am
4, 10 am
6, 2 pm
6. 11 am
7. 10 am
8
20
11
13
13
9
II
1!
34
7
11
M
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, " September 28.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonlfleld, 6S hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Ellhu Thompson, Garllck, 106 hours fm
Seattle.
Stmr Progreso, Zolllng, 11 days 7 boars from
Seattle.
Stmr Bertha, Kohler, 14 days from Et Michael
via Unalaska-
Stmr Homer, Jessen, — hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Scotia, Knudsen, 20 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers, 4^4 days from Port
Gamble. Oakland direct.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscup, 80 hours from
Tacoma. Port Costa direct.
Whal bark Northern Light, "Whlteslde, 23
days from Kotzebue Sound.
Bark Lev! G. Burgess, Younggren, 114 days
from Tacoma.
Bark Coryphene, Erlckson, 27 days fm Alltak.
Schr Roy Somers, Solland, 9 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 14 hours from
Bowens Larding.
Schr Western Home, NHsson, 10 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Queen, Edwardsen, 11 days from Kla
wack.
Schr Allen A, Schage, 11 days from Tacoma.
Schr Eureka, Asplund, 3 days from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, September 28.
Stmr City of Sydney, PUlsbury, Panama, etc;
P M S 8 C.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego, eto; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Br ship Thornllebank, Mcßride, Victoria; R
B Hogue.
Br ship Imberhorn, Lever, Port Townsend:
master.
Schr Czarina, Schmali, Unga; McCollam
Fishing and Trading Co.
RAILED.
Wednesday, September 28.
Btmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. Yaqulna Bay.
Stmr Gipsy. Glelow, Amesport.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr City of Sydney, Plllsbury. Panama, eto,
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Corona, Debney. San Diego, eto.
Stmr r'hil.iat, Anderson, Eureka.
Stmr Cleone, Miller, Point Arena.
Stmr Mineola, David. Tacoma.
Stmr Humboldt, Bonlfleld, probably In search
of derelict raft.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria an 4
Port Townsend..
Br ship Alclnous, MacCormalg, Liverpool.
Schr Czarina, Schmalz, Vnga.
Schr C H Merchant, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
RETURNED.
Wednesday. September St.
Schr Bessie K. Wilson, hence Sept 17 for
Crescent City, returned on account of carry-
Ing away foremast head Sept 27 at 11:30 » m,
five miles NW of Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Sept. 28. 10 p. m.— Weathsj
hazy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Alden Besse, J D Spreckels and W B
Dlmond load mdse for Honolulu.
The Tropic Bird loads mdse for Tahiti,
The . Alex McNeil loads coal at Seattle fo*
this port
The Endeavor loads lumber at Port Gambia
for Honolulu.
The William Bowden loads lumber at Ch*»
mains for Adelaide, 60s Cd.
SPOKEN.
Sept 2— Off Cape St John, Br ship Ben Aron.
from Tyne for \ alparaiso.
Sept 16—6 N 27 W. Br ship Clarerdon, frorai
Tacoma for Queenstown.
Sept IS— l3 N27 W, Br ship Dunslaw, from
Norfolk for Manila.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Humboldt— On Sept 28, about ( miles Wi
of Point Reyes, massed raft of logs adrift.
Per Stmr Progreso— On Sept 28 at 12:80 a m,
20 miles NW by W of Point Reyes, In a heavy
sea a:id strong NW wind the raft -which was
in tow broke from Its -noorlngs. The chains
were towed to port and buoyed off Arch Rock.
MISCELLANEOUS
POINT RETES, Sept 28— Raft about < or 7
miles west of here with no tugs nor steamer
towing It. Seas breaking clean over It.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 28— Bri* Gen«T«, fx4
St Michael.
OLYMPlA— Arrived Sept 28— Bri» Courtney
Ford, hence Sept 15.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Bpt IS— Schr In
ca, from St Michael; Br bark ColllnKrove. fna
Shanghai.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 28— Schr Jo
seph Russ from Port Ludlow.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 28— Schr Harriet 0.
from St Michael.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 27— Schr Corinthian,
hence Sept 17. 2S— Schr Gem, hence Sept IS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 28— Str Sl«
nal. hence Bept 24.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 28— Stmr Se
quoia, for San Francisco; stmr Newburr, for
San Francisco. m ,
Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Noyo, hence Sept 14;
stmr Aloha, hence Sept '26.
■ DUTCH HARBOR — In port Sept 13— Ship
James Nesmith.
UNALASKA— In port Sept 13-Shlp Elwell.
ST MICHAEL— In port Sept 14— Ctmrs Clove
land and Brlxam and schr W F Jewett.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Sept 28— Au«
stmr Burma, for Nanaimo.
COOS BAY— Barbound Sept 28— Stmr Arcata.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Allc«
Blnnohard. from Cllpperton Island.
ASTORIA-Arrived Sept 2S-Ger ship Arthur
Fltger. from Hiogo; Br ship Dimsdale, from
Shanßhai. , , _
Sailed Sept 28^-Stmr National City, for Baa
Francisco. «__»••«
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Hueneme,
hence* Sept 26. . _, _.
Sailed Sept 28— Schr Rio Rey and atmr Po
mona, for San Francisco; schr Mabel Gr», ,
°GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept M— Schr A
J West, hence Sept 20.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Sept 28— Schr Joseph
Russ, for Port Gamble.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE-Salled Sept 27— Ship Erskine M
Phelps, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BARRY— Passed Sept 26— Br ship City of
Madras, from Penarth for San Diego.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Sept 23— Ger ship Ne
reus for Oregon.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Sept 27— Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro; for San Francisco.
CHEMAINUS— Arrived Sept 28— Bark Rufu*
E Wood, from St Michael.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 28— Stmr Lahn.
from Bremen; Kaiser Wilhelm 11. from Genoa.
Sailed Sept 2!V— Noordland, for Antwerp; Teu
tonic, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Sept 88— Stmr
Sen-la, from New York. Sailed Sept 2S—Cata
lonia, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Sept 28 — Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse. for New York.
BALTIMORE— SaiIed Sept 2S— Stmr Nunchen,
for Bremen.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Sept 18—Auxil
iary cruiser Badger, from Boston; Italia, from
Liverpool.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MOTORMEN
RESPONSIBLE
FOR DAMAGES
Judge Wood Decides
Hunter's Suit.
HIS DEPOSIT FORFEITED
STBEET BAILWAY EMPLOYES TO
TEST A CASE,
Oakland Transit Company Gets Judg-
ment in the Suit Over the De
posit to Provide Against
Negligence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 28.
The suit of Robert H. Hunter against
the Central-avenuo Railroad Company
and Oakland Transit Company, a case In
■which motormen and conductors on both
sides of the bay have shown much inter
est, has just been decided by Justice of
the Peace Fred V. Wood in favor of de
fendants.
The case was of particular moment to
street railway employes from the fact
that the point at issue involved the right
of the corporation to hold a deposit
made by the employe as part payment of
damages to a passenger, which the com
pany had to pay.
Hunter was a motorman on the Twelfth
street line, and on November 12, ISJM, de-
I" .-ited with the defendants $25 to secure
them against loss or damage through hia
negligence or carelessness.
On the night of June S last the cars of
defendants collided at the curve at East
Twelfth street and Eighth avenue. A pas
s-. nper on tfae car in charge of Motorman
Hunt and Conductor S. B. Conger sus
tained injuries, for which defendants
■<ver& compelled to pay $150.
The collision was considered a direct j
result of the violation of a rule issued by
- ilroad companies, which requires all ,
cars in rounding the curves to be flagged, j
•rnian Hunter claimed the conduc
ild him to go ahead, but this was
ii. n|ed by. Conger. The company there
upon charged the $150 damages to the two
employes. Conger paid $75. -ut Hunter
■ i and was discharged. His $25 de
■ as withheld from him by the com
pany U a forfeiture in part payment of
ire of the damages, the defendants
ri ,ying for the balance upon a surety
company. Hunter then sued for the re"
covery of his $25 deposit.
Judge Wood baped his decision upon the
facts that plaintiff had been guilty of j
negligence in violating the rule requiring ;
<;:rs to do flagged at curves and that the i
?:.") depoßit waa made purposely to secure
the employers against damage by such !
i • •- r l)uenee.
Hunter has given notice to appeal from
Wood's decision, and will make it
a test case.
GEORGE HUNT HAS
BECOME RAVING MAD
ATTEMPTED TO KILL HIS BEST
FBIENDS.
The Former Candidate for Sheriff
Now in the State Asylum
at Agnews.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 28.
George C. Hunt hiK> become a raving
maniac threatening to kill his best friends,
and needing the constant services of
keepers. This afternoon he was examined
at his house by Drs. Tisdale and Akerly,
as it wa.s impossible to take him to the
Kccieiving Ho-»itaJ.
The unfortunate man has boon rapidly
growing worst- since he first gave evidence
of insanity four days ago. and It is now
necessary to keep him In a itraitjacket
to prevent him doing violence to himself
or nls relatives. Although his mania is
greatly developed, the doctors do not be
lieve it is incurable. Hunt unhinged his
mind by making a hysterical campaign
f' r 'Sheriff. He told the examining physi
cians that he was going to be Sheriff
thf-n Qavernor. then President. He de
clared that the Pope had a grudge against
him and was seeking to harm him and
gave every evidence of acute lunacy. He
also lias a homicidal mania and frequently
threatens to kill. He was sent to Agnew's
Asylum this evening.
MEADOKS* TRIAL SET.
Slayer of Jonas TTry at Camp Barrett
to Be Tried for His Life
October 11.
OAKLAND, Sept. 28.— James Nathaniel
Moadors, who Mew his tcntmate, Jonas
I*r> . last August at C;unp Barrett, will
be tied for murder before Judge Ells
worth on October 11.
Attorney Eugene Deuproy is making a i
technical fight to save Meadors. .Last!
"Wednesday he moved to set aside the in
formation against his* client on the
ground of insufficiency of evidpnee at the
preliminary hearing. To-day Judge Ells
worth was somewhat perplexed to know
whether, if he should decide that the evl
<lence was Insufficient, his order might
not be void; for by a recent Supreme
Court ■decision it was held that a Superior j
<v>urt has not the power to overrule the;
judgment of tho Police Court on the
ground of insufficiency of evidence. How
■ ver, lie denied the motion and set the
for October 11.
BOYS, THOU SHALT NOT SMOKE.
Four Small Boys Violate the Oakland Ordi
nance and See the Prison
Walls.
OAKLAND, Sfpt. 28.— "Thnu shnlt not smoke cigarettes," saith the
Oakland decalogue, "or thou wilt suffer the tortures of the flro and smoke
of a subterranean Arizona. ""
The new ordinance which prohibits cigarette smoking by the Infantile
will now be tested for the first time. Tills morning brave Officer Seanlon
captured a desperate band of truants and cigarette smokers on the corner
of Seventh Ftr< >-t near Washington. Seanlon spotted them from afar. The
wind was blowing from the north and coming his way. It was redolent
with the tweet aroma of the cigarette, and the hero with his brass buttons
kruw that thfrr- was something in the air. He glanced fiirtiv y around
and with telescopic vision discovered the quartet on the corner. Three of
the bold, l>ful young men sacrificed their cigarettes and bolted, but the
fourth, who was making a smokestack of himself, just smoked and
smoked. He was captured by fleet-footed Seanlon, as were the others.
At the Central station the quartet of truants gave their names. They
are William Flynn, Harold McCarthy. John Kehoe and Harry Huddy, all
of San Francisco. Truancy was the charge brought against all', but Hud
dy was the boy who stood upon the corner smoking his cigarette when all
the rest had fled. He will be held to answer to the double charge of tru
ancy and cigarette Bmoking. The quartet will be held until called for by
their patents; no storage rates charged.
The fao-simile frf s/4Fa /?. ** ** on every wrapper
signature of Wi&?~/z7&c%64t of 0A6T0BI&.
PREACHERS WAGE WAR OF WORDS.
Before His Methodist Brethren Rev. R. J. Briggs
Seeks Defense Through Recrimination,
Rev. C. L. Lair, Who Was Charpi Will Mal-Ataistratioii.
THE Forty-eighth anunual conference of the Methodist Episcopal
Church South was opened yesterday morning at Asbury Church, Fif
i teenth and Clay streets/Oakland; and if it may be judged from de.vel-
X opmenta that transpired even before organization had been effected
this particular conference will have special prominence in the history of,
the church.
It .is to be a fight to. purge alleged uncleanlineßS from the ranks of
the ordained and to rid the lay brethren of a leadership said to be more
than adverse to their souls' betterment.
From the opening moment it became apparent that to the trial of
Rev. R. J. Briggs, D. D., upon charges of Immorality all else will be sec
ondary, and It was further evident that the accusers of Dr. Briggs would be
fought with their own weapons. The first of these to flash through the
ministerial atmosphere was a counter-charge preferred against Dr. Briggs'
first accusor. Rev. Dr. C. R. Lamar. The allegations, though kept a close
secret of the trial committee are known to be of almost as much im
port as those against Dr. Briggs, but with charges of mal-administratlon
added.
The conference was opened by Bishop E. R. Hendrieks, who for the
first time addressed in convention the ministers of his diocese. His talk
was short and led directly up to the business of the day.
Holdover reports were read and the work of forming the many neces
sary committees was hri?un. The names of M. Gruell, L. J. Harges and A.
L. Hunaker were referred to the committee to be retired from active
work. The following superanuates were reported as having died since the
last conference: D. M. Rice, B. C. Howard, B. F. Burris and Q. W. New
ton.
The following were admitted to the conference by transfer:
J. J. Kenny. James Il^xley, Claude Davenport, J. R. fcawyer, Steven E. Wilson •
and I. F. Betts. i
The following wen» received on trial in a traveling connection, to be orflalned '
ministers after probation: T. Q. Patterson, Todd Clark, L.. Russell, E. J. Patre and :
J. B. Needham. :
The following committees were then appointed: i
Bible CauFe— V. A. Finley. K. A. Lawrie, G. W: Archer, D. Baner, J. C. Pend- j
regast, VT. A. I.,inds!<-y. . '<
Epworth League— William Acton, n. F. Allen. W. B, Anetln, O. H. Krax«r and I
M. F. Cn.ve. |
Sabbath and Temperance— R. F. Beaeley, C. R. Montgomery, C. E. Clark, J. M. |
Brown and L. C. Smith. i
Auditing— G. O. Xorthf-y, C, W. Easton and C. E. W. Smith.
District Records— W. P. Andrews. C. O. Pteele, I. M. Parker, W. M. Armstrong.
W. E. Phillips, S. T. Reeve and Charles E. Black. j
Conference Relations — Jesse Wood, P. N. Blankenship, W. A. Booher, F. M.
Easton and L. C. Renfro. i
State of the Work— C. 13. Biddlok. J. A. Batehelor, W. J. Mahon. J. Hedgpeth,
J. F. Roberts, J. F. Edwards, William P. English, W. K. Jenkins, C. W. Easton
and G. V. Northey.
Examining Applicants for Admission — W. Acton, A. It. Paul and W. H. Cooper,
and for the fin«t yar. 1... A. Given, T. A. Walters snd 7,. N". Needham; for the eec
ond year, H. It KcKlMfht, J. Sawyer and H. Neatt; for the third year, W. P. An
drews. John Harr.mon and J. A. Bachelor; for the fourth ye-ar besides W. E.
Vaughan, John Emery and W. E. Phillip?.
Sunday School Beani— H. M. llcKolgbt, 11. W. Curran, E. H. McWhorter, B. H.
Green. J. M. Pratt, T. G. Patterson, W. M. Si>encer, C. "VV. Easton, G. V. Xorthey
and W. K. Jenkins.
Board of Education— James Emery, James Bute, C. E. Clarke, J. E. Carpenter,
A. L. Paul, It. S. Boynp and Colonel J. S. Austin.
Church Extension— J. W. Ra- \V. D. Lay ton, R. F. Beasley, C. W. Archer, W.
H. Cooper,' W. J. Clark, C. X. Hawkins and O. V. Xorthey.
Board of Missions— W. E. Vaughan. in place of H. C. Christian; and J. F. Rob
erts and I. T. Bell, whose terms have expired, were succeeded by P. T. Kamaley
and J. S. Ryd*n.
When reports were mentioned Chairman. Hendrieks immediately de
manded the report of the committee that lias conducted the preliminary ex
amination into the charges against Dr. Briggs. In reply G. R. Lamar said
that the committee, of which he was chairman, had found the charges so
well based that they could only recommend that a jury be drawn and the
trial at once begun.
At this Rev. C. R. Carpenter, church counsel for Dr. Briggs, quickly
took the floor and, with no kindness in his eye for his client's accuser, de
manded that a jury be Impaneled at once. He announced that Dr.
Briggs, though not present, was ready and waiting for his vindication. '
Then, came the sensation of. the day in the shape of serious counter
charges against Dr. Lamar. To those of the conference Dr. Cooper's an
nouncement that his charges were fully as severe as those preferred
against his client was as unexpected as would have been a decision of the
investigating committee to drop for good and all the Brings matter. .•
Dr. Carpenter started to read his charges but was quickly stopped by
Bishop Ilendricks, who declared him out of order because of having failed
to announce his Intention to the man he accused.
"I announce it to him now, then," shouted Dr. Carpenter and pre
pared to read on, but during the turmoil that ensued Bishop Hendricks
quietly took charge of the doctor's papers and the incident ended.
The trial committee was then told off and at 4 o'clock they went into
secret session to give their first consideration to the case against Dr
Briggs. . :•'-"
The committee is composed as follows:
George Hall, Christopher C. Black, J. F". Roberts, C. O. Steele "W A
Finlr-;. , P. F. Page, Janieß Hcaley, W. H. Cooper, C. E. W. Smith. J. Hed'gpeth a'
W. F. Walters, William Armstrong and A. L. Paul. utspem, a.
In the evening the Epworth League Association of Alameda County
tendered a grand reception to the State secretary, M. H. Dußose D D
The mourning hours to-day will be given over to reports of committees
and the afternoon to the ladles' 01 the Home Mission Society' who will be
addresser! by Miss Belle H. Bennett, national president of the association ■
The trial of Dr. Brings will also be resumed as soon as the morning's
business begins. • s . n
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, THURSDAY, SEfT£3IBER 29, 1898.
UNIVERSITY COMMITTEES.
Professors Who Will Share the Ex
ecutive Work of the Berke
ley Faculty.
BERKELKY, Sept. 28.— President Mar
tin J. Kellogg of the University of Cali
fornia has apointed the standing commit
tees of the academic council to serve for
the present college year. A new commit
tee, to supervise the work of the annual
entrance examinations, has been added
to those of last year, otherwise only the
personnel of the old committees has
been changed. The names of the pro
fessors now sharing the executive work
of the Berkeley faculty are as follows-
Military department and gymnasium-
Professors Frank Soule, George C. Ed-
Wards and W. Magee.
•Regulations — Professors Irving J
Stringham,* E. W. Hilgard. E. B. Clapp
M. W. Haekell and President M. J. Kel
logg.
Examination of schools— Professors F
W. Slate, E. Brown, I. J. Stringham, c!
B. Bradley; S. W. Merrill, T. R. Bacon
A. Putzker, W. A. Setchell and President
M. J. Kellogg.
Recommendations for teachers' certifi
cates—Professors E. Brown, F. W. Slate
and H. McGllvray.
Scholarships— Professors W. C Jones
8. W. Rising, I. J. Stringham, S. Wick
son and F. Senger.
Schedule of exercises— Professors M W
Ha^kell, C. C. Plehn and C. L. Cory.
Applications for admission — Professors
F. Senger, W. D. Armes and C. L. Cory.
Credentials— Professors S. W. Aierrill
I. J. Stringham, C. L. Cory.
Study— Lists— Professors A. L.ange, W
J. Raymand and D. Ritter.
Students' affairs— Professors Thomas R
Bacon, W. C. Jones and George C. Ed
wards.
athletics— Professors Thomas R. Ba
con. E. B. Clapp and George C. Edwards.
DOW IS NOT
OUT FOR THE
"SMALL STUFF."
Claims His Confreres
Are Gobblers.
TEMPEST AT THE CITY HALL
A PALTRY JOB MAKES THE
MAYOR RETIRE.
City Engineer Clement Denies That
He Is Out for the Stuff
Whether It Be Great or
Small.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 28.
After a few weeks of gentlemanly for
bearance toward each other the Board of
Works had Its periodical quarrel this
morning-. It was all over a trifle — a mere
$80 job — but It served to show that the
feeling which has existed for nearly two
years is as bitter as ever.
. There are two little sheds on the j city
wharf, and it is the duty of the Board of
Works to have them painted. The Coun
cil appropriated $90 for the job, and this
morning a resolution was passed award
ing the contract to J. W. Montgomery.
City Attorney Dow submitted a proposi
tion from a man named Chapman, but as
it contained no figures Secretary Thomas
was not intending to read it. Dow caved
for it and it was read, but as It specified
no price the Mayor and the City Engineer
voted against It.
' Mayor Thomas then called for F. M.
Farwell's bid, which was for $90, and sur
prised Mr. Dow by voting with Mr. Clem
ent to beat it.
Montgomery appeared in person and of
fered to do the work for $80. Dow claimed
that the offer was not a Old, but the
Mayor said It was all right. •..
"I do not approve ©f this," said Mr.
Dow. "One bidder goes out and brings a
man- here to say what he will do the
work for, and there is a disposition to
give it to him. This matter ought to go
over till we can get lower offers."
"I am ready to vote for this man Mont
gomery," said the Mayor. "My. man Far
well won't do the work for that figure." .
Then Mr. Dow, was ruffled.
"Some others, perhaps, will do it for
less," said he. "This is a matter that
you and Clement want to gobble as you
gobble up everything you get your hands
on."
The* Mayor laughed and walked indig
nantly out of the room.
"I am not gobbling up anything that I
know of," said Clement.
"You try to gobble every small thing
that comes up," retorted Dow.
His Honor then returned.
■ "I am not out for the small stuff like
come of you," said Dow. ?,• '■:>■
"Then what on earth are you kicking
about?" asked Clement. ' "I am not out
for any kind of stuff, small' or other
wise.'* '
ATE THE PILLS.
An Infant Consumes a Quantity of
Medicine With Fatal Effects.
ALAJkIEDA, Sept. 28.— Alice Cavanaiigh.
a two-year-old child, whose mother died
about a year ago, died yesterday after
noon under peculiarly distressing: ctr
cumstances. The child was living with its
uncle and aunt on Clinton avenue, while
its father is absent In the Sound country.
Yesterday afternoon it was playing about
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
iw Steamers leave Broadway
yP>»-. |fc wharf, San Francisco:
KUOtk or Alapkan ports, 10 a. m.,
' |BKJM| Pf-pt. 23, 2s, Oct. 3, transfer at
Hlfes2»s3&| " or Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BpfiSwrgffSil C.), Port Tun-nsend, Spittle,
i^^^Sgal Taroraa, Everett, Anacortes
lf wB« i and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10
a. m.. Sept. 23, 28, Oct. 3, and
every fifth day thereafter, transfer at Seattle to
fhU company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry. at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver to
C F P Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2p. m.. Sept.
26 Oct 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Oavlota" Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
Bon Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 am., Sept 22. 26. 30, Oct. 4. and
every fourth day thereafter. ■
For "an Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
*nrA iAslti Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m, Sept. 24. 28. Oct. 2. and every fourth day
th For a Fns'enada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymag (Mex.), 10 a. m., 18th of every
further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
■without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hnnr" "f Eaillntr.
8l fIiOKET f OFFICE—* New Montgomery
«*r*>«»t (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. A|rts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
POI?,T 3STID
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. .
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
rnflU $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Sept. 15
Oeo. W. Elder Sept. 28
Columbia Sept. 22. O«t.'l
Through Tickets sold to all points In Oregon.
Washington, Idaho, Montana and the East. '
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compapie Generate Transatlantic,
French Line to Havre.
Company's pier (new) 42 North ajj^
River, foot of Mbrton st. Travelers <jf|f^>
by this line avoid both transit by -*3"*»«*».
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via "f •-, first class. $140;
necond class. $116.
LA OASCOONE Oct. 1, 10 a. m.
LA TOURATNE "ct. 8. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct 15. 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22. 10 a. m.
LA NCHMANDTE Oct 29, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAONIE OENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQTJE. Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green. New Y^rk.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
-iMUM-inioiTiiiffCl The s - s - alameda
iW^ftSffiff lflffaSaV 118 via Honolulu and
B JhTma*!!."* 818 * Auckland for Sydney
fHMHNMt Wednesday. October 3.
ll!s via Honolulu and
• for Sydney
y ™ Wednesday. October 5.
wt-^pS^fiS^fn^llinJ ap - * m AUSTRALIA
G)iMlllljllly v Fails for Honolulu only
'±S&^^ (o!Hß(sfm~ We<lnefc<lay ' October 1».
Line to COOLOARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa. :
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
. a. 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office — 327 Market ft.. San Francisco.
BAY AjJD RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Mon tlcello." •
Mon., Tue».. Wed., Tbure. and Sat , ,
9:45 a. m., 1:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.)
Friday 5..*. ......... .....'..1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays... .10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
I Landing and offices— Mission Dock,' Pier 4.
Telephone Red 1241.
TAKE TilE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERT DAT AND BUNDAT. TOO. at 10 a. m.
Bteamer ALVISO, Clay street Wharf. Fare 76a.
Delightful Bar Trip, 44 miles and reiara.
Ob Sundays. Excursion, fk
the houffe as usual, when in some way it
got hold of a box of tonic .pills, made up
of quinine, strychnine and iron, and
sugar-coated. It at» a quantity of them
without being observed.
Shortly after, while being held in the
arms of one of the family, it was sud
denly taken with convulsions. Physicians
were at once summoned and did all they
could, but without avail, and the little
one soon died. Subsequently it was found
that it had eaten the pills, which are
harmless when used by adults in small
numbers.
AUCTION SALES,
AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY.
THURSDAY * SEPT. 29. 1398.
At 10 O'clock,
Contents of SARATOGA LIVERY STABLES.
»14 GEARY ST.. BET. HYPE and LARKIN ;
STS., SAN FRANCISCO,
By order of the court to satisfy judgment in
the case of J. J. Raver vs. Fred Kreegan, I |
will Bell at public auction, contents of above
stables, consisting of New and Second-Hand :
Hacks, Wagonettes, Surreys, Phaetons, Open I
and lop Bugples, Carts. Wagons, Bike Sulky, |
Double and Single Harness. Terms— Caph.
RICHARD I. WHELAN. Sheriff.
MAGNIFICENT FURNITURE.
THIS DAT (THURSDAY), AT Jl A. M.
440 GEARY ST.. NEAR MASON.
PRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, 602 Market.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
. SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second s-sslon begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1597,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutlonai Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section'
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
. tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
whlofc it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
bnard of education or school district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
euch yc-ar, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before., or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provieion shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exoeed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years: pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, rourt, £lace or sidewalk, or for the con-
st ructlcn of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
Visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
Btalute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provider! further, that the City of
Yallejo. in Polano County, may pay its exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred In the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election hell for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government.- The said proposed new
section to read as follows: :. :. '.„-. .""■•.'
. Section 7%. The" inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government,' relating to the matters - here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deed? of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,"
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, on» In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
office of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county.
• All courts shall take .Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended at Intervals of not less than two
Years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
"legislative authority of the county, to the
ciuailfled electors thereof, at a general or. spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper of general circulation -in such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the Qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein, provided
for the approval of th» county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
uresented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on oeparately without prejudice to
° It shall be 'competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court. shall
he elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shay be
elected or appointed' and for the constitution,
regulation, compensation and government of
such board", and of their clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner nniS method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- ■ and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
•nd method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act, and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
afiresald the direction of sections • four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments throughout
the State and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Said county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by,, amendment , first
submitted to the electors - and 1 ratified ;in the
manner herelnabove set forth. j •
AMENDMENT i NUMBER THREE. ' •
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
•A resolution proposing to • the • people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
'to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: ;-: ■■■■>■--■■
• Section 6%. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. 1 The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive, Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of I every kind
and . character against the - State, under such
laws as may be passed. by the Legislature/and
ifs Judgment thereon shall be final. The. terms
of the Court of Claims shall be . held . as . fol-
lows: - . ■ "' ■-. ' ' ■■■■'■ :'■'■' '•■' ' . *'--; '. ; .','.
j In the City of Los Angeles, commencing ■on
the second Monday of March: •■- ■■".
In the City., and County of San Francisco,
commencing, on . the second Monday .In July.
and' '-.*-' •■•■■'. .' ':-*■"■ .L-"::*. L -'"::* ' ■ : ::-.*',- -■'■ v .
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June L 1594, '•alnu will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passeu-
«-er. Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
• 7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm s:4opra
i 9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 1:53 pm
10:40 am 3-&oprn Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm
11:35 am 6:45pm Hanford ' 7:45 am I:2spm
2:45 pm 11:50pm Bakersneld 2:30 am|lo:ls am
12:05pm 7:sopm Visalia 6:4oamU2:."'3pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats ot
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
; p. m. dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco: at Merced with stages to and from
Snelllngs, Coulterville, Yosenilte, etc.; alsj
with stage from Hornitos, Marlposa, etc.: at
La&kershlm with. stage to and from JVladera.
: MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Bausailto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing day.
Sept. It 1598: .' •
Week Dayß— 9:Bo a. m., 1:45 p. m..
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p, m.
Bound trip from Mill Valley, $L
THOS. COOK & SON. Agent*. 621 Mark*
street. San Francisco.
V^^^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M&f*3&Ui KEABST ST. Established
fta*fipT^« In 1854 lor the treatment of frl vato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HEARST ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Pii vat«
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
{jSHfjauliaS* disease wearing on body and mlndaud
fefejH?wßhßM Skin Diseases. The doc lor cures when
EgWjHßffljßßl others fall. Try him. Charges low
tV>dtUc3icau (Drrifiiarantrrd. Cullorwrltfl.
Dr. J. V. tiIBBON. Box 1957. 5 an Franclsoo,
The^Sd»- MM h 11 i5? ref N^e^^er of each year,
receive 5o n ? ldlntf such < f ™ of court shal
shan L»? cx A ra , compensation therefor,- but
our n r ? £ lve their-actual expenses, to be paid
The I * 8 i general fu n° of the State treasury.
To or^ST., 81 " 111 enact all laws n«y.sJrV
c°dSrf fh»r«?f court, to provide the' pro-
or th? st*s tt * h ec r ,!on. and * Carry ° Ut the provlsfons
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
State^of'rVii? to;propose to the people of the
stitnri^ nf K° 1 ta an amendment to the Con-
hv „*%? Ot the State - amending article eleven.
a« seen ,f ' "t W B * c «on thereto, to be known
consntM?} number five and one-half, relating to
-a?d nrnn d^ Clty and county governments. The
• SecMnW "£ W sectlon l ? read as follows: -
_.. S cc i on |Ht . The provisions of sections four
filic" \< thls article shall not nor.shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
ha™ V^ SUn « or hereafter formed, which shall
ua\e become, or shall become, organized under
«^v,t On » £ £?"' or eecure a charter under section
eight of this article. * • . ■ ■■
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Eeing Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
state or California an amendment of section
H.t.-n and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
wnien it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall b«
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
ornce and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
beotion 16. In case of the impeachment of
me Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability tcr discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resigration or absence from the
btate the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residua of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die- or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Govei-nor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
name'?, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the sneaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall be
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
•No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of Callfojrpla an amendment to section
Bix. article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Faction 6. The public school system shall in-
clude primary and grammar schools, and sui-h
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
r.nd technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shail be applied' exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study ehall be taupht which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
Ptate of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first dny of January
next succeeding the election of Its members',
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then r°maln
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not Ipbs than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two housee fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be Introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the ronsent of three-fourths of thi
members thpreof.
NOW, THEREFORE. Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and un act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of prp-
posed amendments to the Constitution of th»
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. I?t83,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published anl advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 189 S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con- I
tain written or printed thereon the following !
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional . Amendment No. .41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and -County of San Francisco, and
the existing Indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction ..of Its
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year. in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?.
Amendment Number Two. being Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 I . Yea
(providing for framing local county { ■
.'government acts. by inhabitants of No
' counties for their government).
For the Amendment? •
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Yes
against the State, and to consist of ■
three Superior Judges designated by No i
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation). '•
'; For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Yes '■
and counties, organized or to be or- ■ i
ganized, ,ox holding a charter un- No j
' der the Constltutlonf'from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? <■'■:■ t •"'. -
Amendment ' Number Five, being As- '
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Y»»
: providing ■ for succession thereto -In
certain cases and removing disability -No
[■: of Lieutenant Governor .from holding
. other office dpring term). •. ■' . ,
■' For the Amendment?:
Amendment -Number Six, being Assem- f •
■ bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 ' Yes
(relating to and defining Grammar — .
Schools). ' ' . ■■ ' . r j^- o
For the Amendment? .^
Amendment Number Seven, being As- f
sembly Constitutional Amendment
. No. 34 (providing for adjournment of» Yes
' Legislature for not less than thirty ■ ■
. nor more than sixty days during each : - No
■ session). . ? ■ "'.
For the Amendment? I *
Witness ray hand and . the Great Seal of the.
State of California, the day , and year herein
first above written. :
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of State!
[SEAL.)
1 BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
aoUTIIKRN VAVIFIC COMMNT.
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.)
Train. leare mid »r« due to nrrlve m(
HAH I'ItAXJIMO. . .
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) *"
tBAVE — From Sztt. 10, 1898. — ' AKRrni
"•O:OOa Klles, Joae and Way Stations... * B: * l **
■ 7:00 a. Benicia, Suisun »nd Sacramento ... 1O:*8a
~:O»a~ :O»a MaryßTille, Orof Ule and Redding Tia
Woodland B -"**'
7:00 a Kimin, Vacarflle and Rurasey , 8:4»F
7iUOa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Nap*, - ■
Calistogn and Santa Rosa 6:19r
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogileu and Kast.. Si49F
t»i»OA San Jo«s, btocktoii. Valley Spring, ;
, lone, Sacramento, MKryinille, '
Chlco, Tehama and Red 81uff.... . «il»p
. SiSOa Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown.... 1:ISp
•S:3oa MUton .»7ilO> .
9iUOa New Orleans Kipress. Merced, Fres-
no, UakeralleM, Haiita Burkura, '.
].(>» AiPKi-l«!«, Drill! i. i. El l'«3O, '
. ■• New Orleans and East «<«»F
10:00* Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45r
•1:60? Sacramento lti»er Ste»in«Tß..- *. •»t«»p
1 :OOp NUeB. San Jose and War Stations ... 11:43 a g
.......San Jose, Sties and Way Stations... J»:1»A.
2>oop LlTermore, Meiidota, Hanlord and r. ", : .
VW1a...., :. 4i15»
LiTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way ! ' ■' '
5tati0n5:......;.... ;.. Jl«tlBA'
,«i«Or Martinez, Hau lUtniou. Vallejo.
Napa, Calistoga, Id Verano and
J3aiitaltosa...i ..,. .••■•»
4>*Or Beniaia, Vocivllle, Woodland. (
Knights Lnndliiß, Mnrystllle. Oro-
Tiile and iSncruineuto IO:4»A
4tBOy Nlles. San Joae, Tracy ami Stockton 7:IOp
«:30p Stockton and LoiU 1«:18*
4iSOr Lathrop, Modesto, Frerao. Mojave,
Sauta Barbara and I.»b - Angelas 7i4oa
4i»«p Murtinei. Meroed (Raymond for . ' >
Yosemite, Monday, Wednesday
*>Qd Friday) and Fresno.. IBilSr
. 4iSop SanU Fo Jtonte, Atlantlo Hxpresi
for Moja»e and East es4Sr
6iO«r Knropeau Mail, Ogd»ti and Kost.... »i 4»A l
•e:OOpValle]o. I»slHp .
«:00pIJ,iy w , lrdB,"Nllrgl rd8,"Nllrg and Ban J05e...... 7i45a '
}7>oOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions .....i J9t4»r
8:00p Oregon Kxpreu, Sacramento, Marys-
Tllle, Kedding, Portland, Fuget
Sound Mid Wast BilBa.
MAN LKA.NDKO AM» HaYWAKDS LOCAL. .
(Foot of Market Street.) •
Melriivp, Srminary Park, .{ ■' '
8:00* Fltchbnrjr, Klmfiunit, ..I 1 !?*
<9:«0a " San l.«-aii.irii. South Ka« ,!;::,*
10.00 a Leaadro, Eitndillo. Vaunt
}}12!t ■ Loren.o, Cherry "US?
5:22J Harrrardn. ««4.1p
7.00P j RuM ibrou^u to Nile*.  " 7»43y
j t From Nil eg \
COAST IHVIMON :\hitou Gauge). "
! (Foot of Market Street.) _^^
{7:43 a Santa Cruz Kxcursion, Santa Crus . *
and Principal Way Stations }Bjo3r
8: 1 S A Newark, Otm terville, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations......." 5i8O»
•»:Isp Newark, Centeri-ille. San Jose, New
Almaden, Feiton, Boulder Crook, ' "
Santa Cruz and Principal Wai • •• . "
Station's.....'..... •ie«B»A
4:1 3p Han Joae, Qlenwood k Way Stations 9i3oa
q4:lsp Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz. .....'■ jo:2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN msCISCO— Foot of Ittrkit Street (Slip —
•7:16 9:00 11:00*. H. 11:03 *2:QO }1:00
f. M:00 t5:00 •8:50 p.m. ;,-; . , '
from OirUHD-Foottfßrosi- wit.— -6:00 8:00 10:00 i.M.
• 112:30 •1:00 12:03 "-3:00 ti:00 "5:33 p.M.
COAST IMVIsTi)N (llroatt (iange).
(Third and Towngeiid St-<.)
•7:00 a Sail .!(>•» hiul Wuy HUS.ii. us (New
r Almailtiii Wednesdays only) l:8Op
27:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose^ ' :I~~S: 1~~S
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grave and
Principal Way Stations.. {SiB3p
9:00* .Sun .Ume. I'rea Pinna, Hanta Cm/.,
Parilic nrore. Paso Kubles, San
Luis Olilapo. Ouadalupa, Surf and
Principal Way Sutinim ' 4llor
lU:4*a S aii .1 oi« and Way .Stations. <8:O0A
11:.TOa San Jnse ami Way Stations *SiB3a
*3:43rSan Maten, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Hau .lose, / ■
Gilrny. Holliater. Santa Cm/., , '
faliuas, Monterey and Pacific
Grote: MO:3oa
•3«30p San Jose and Way Stations *o:<>Oa
* 1:1 Si- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a '
•5:« Op Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:83
S:3of SniiJiisf ainl Principal Way Stations 9:30p
«::tOi- San Jose anl Way .Stations 7:8 Op
t11:45i San Jogeand Way Stations 7:SOp
A for Morning. " P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excelled * Sundays only. ' Saturday* only
j Sunday* aid Mondays. < a Batnrdnys and Snnd»T*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY, CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. : "
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. ;
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00.' 11:00 a. m.; U:SS.
«;"°- 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
and iV m ' ° aturdayß Extra trips at.l:W
S Y-M D S :( *' 9:3 °- ii:c ° - **■■ i:3 »- «*
tinrl^? r T^ R -^ AEIi TO SAN FRANCISCO.' .
WEEK DATS-6:10. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a.'m.M2:4S,'
■-■s!«'«a- e:^p m. . Saturdays— Extra trips at
l:oo and 6:35 p. m.
.BUNDATS-8:10. 9:4 11:10 a. m.; 1:«. 1:40.
6:00, 6:2» p. m. - -
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
came schedule as above.
Leave Arrive '
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. — ' June 29. • .
Week Sun- " 1898. . Sun- WeeK
Days. days. Destination. daya. Days.
7 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:44 am
S:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:23 am
• 6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:2! p:n
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville. ' ■_• .* .':
Z:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdala. 7:35 pm B:23pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 8:00 am Vkiah. 7:Sspm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Gu erne 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
•and
s:lo pm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 8:10 pm 6:22pm
7:3oam S:ooam SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:23 am
B:3opm s:oopm . . 7:35pm I 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Sasta Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
eerville for Skagtrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelgeyville. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day"s. River-
side, Lierleys Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullvllle, Boonevllle. Orr'B Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal. ■
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronlcl- bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. ■ Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
and Pullmnn Tourist Sleeping Caps
. Run on the Following Time!
Leave San Francisco. 4:3o p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.S»
Arrive Denver... 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T. '•
Arrive Kansas City.. a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W. •
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason^
able Rates. -
YOU WILL Bg COMFORTABLE
If You Travel on the Santa Pa,
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— M 4 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520. ■
Oakland Offica— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento oiHc9- 2)1 J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara Si
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
_ Via Sausalito Ferry. .
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
•„ AND SAN RAFAEL.
" WEEK DAYS— *7-i2O. »9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:45, '•
3:45. 1:1.", *6:00, 6:30 p. m. ...
• EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. '
• SUNDAYS— 'S:OO, *10:00, »U:3O a. m. ; »1:15.
8:00. »4:30. 6:15 p. m. ■ Vf :■ - r .'i.,^^\
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.'
• WEEK DAYS— »6:35 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, »3:4.". 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— «:2O.«B:OO", '10:00. 11:55 a. m.;
•l:lo. »3:10, 4:40. »6:20 p. m. <
Trains marked • start' from San Quentln. '
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m. :
12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:20 p. m. . .
■ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays,: Wednesdays
and Saturdays at. 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 10:05- a. m. : 12:05. 1:20, 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m. . ■ '.~ ■".;.'. '-
•v THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns. -
'1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and wa> :
stations.
8 a. m.- Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta I*.1 *.
liiPiijiiar
1112
IN AID OF ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH
How Time Flew Among the Booths and the Crowds.
HOW much am I offered for Col
onel Andrews? Come, girls, he's
all gold and a yard wide — I mean
he's all wool and 18 carats— oh,
you know what I mean, girls; he's
all right. Isn't somebody going to
give me a bid? No? Well, colonel,
step down. I guess you are In the
discard."
It was down in the large hall in
the basement of St. Patrick's
Church on Mission street. Governor
Budd had informally inaugurated the
St. Patrick's parish fair in the pres
ence of a crowd that, big as the hall
was, was like sardines in a box; it
would have been an utter impossibility
for another soul to gain entrance.
The Governor, aeompanied by Ad
jutant General Barrett and Colonels
Andrews, Young, Peck and Plppy of
his staff, arrived just at 8 o'clock,
their entrance into the hall being
marked by a merry chime of the
church bells. The party wan es
corted to the stage by P. Devany,
chairman of the committee of ar
t rangements, W. A. Breslln and P. J.
Tomilty.
At the conclusion of a happy ad
dress, which was frequently inter
rupted by applause and laughter, the
Governor picked up a bunch of beau
BUNTING IS
PRONOUNCED
A GREAT GAME
Every Player Should
Now Practice It.
THE BALTIMORE'S EXPERTS
THEY WIN MANY GAMES BY ITS
USE.
A Player Who Is Not Capable of
Bunting a Ball Should
Retire From the
Game.
By Joe Corbett.
Bunting the ball is an art yet to be ac
complished by the players of the Recrea
tion Park League.
This conclusion I have reached after
carefully watching those men who have
been ambitious enough to attempt it; and
these, by the way, have been very few.
Thrre is no prettier game, no more
scientific Kame, than that of bunting. It
Is a part of our great national game, ac
quired only after unremitting practice,
and then it is a useless game if the man
employing it be not a hrst-class batter
in every conceivable sense.
Keeler of the Baltlmores, who led the
National League batters last season, and
Burkett of the Clevelands. who led this
same organization the two years preced
ing, are masters of the "bunting game."
Thin qualification and their ability to hit
the ball enables them to stand foremost
among the great batsmen of the major
league.
It will be r< adily seen then that, to be
■what Is termed a great batter, bunting is
most necessary. There are in the major
league excellent batters like Lajoie and
Delahanty of the "Phillle.s," who, I dare
Bay, could not bunt a ball properly once
in twenty attempts, but these men are
exceptions, and if • they cou»d master
bunting I have no doubt but what their
averages would increase greatly.
The ldenl batter, however, is the one
that can hit a ball just as well as bunt it.
Players In the Recreation Park League
do not realize the importance of bunting,
and therefore seldom practice It, and in
to doing commit quite a serious mistake.
T&ka Keeler for instance. He steps to
tiful red roses and essayed the role
of auctioneer on behalf of the worthy
cause. Colonel Andrews opened the
bidding with an offer of $10 and was
quickly raised to $15. The gallant
colonel was game, however, and
finally obtained the coveted nosegay
for £iO. When he stepped forward to
receive his purchase Governor Budd
formally presented Colonel Andrews
to the throng, and while he was bow-
Ing his acknowledgments the Gover
nor attempted to auction him off, but
with indifferent success.
Later on Colonel Andrews mounted
the block and sold his bunch of roses
for $v, netting a total of $35 for them.
Of course, the fair was a financial
and artistic success. That was as
sured before ever the doors were
opened. Perhaps the crowd was a lit
tle too dense for the pretty girls to
get around comfortably, but they
managed to dispose of a vast num
ber of tickets, and when the fair doses
three weeks from now. Governor Budd
Is going to find himself the winner
of a beautiful yellow satin sofa pil
low, tastefully embroidered, on which
are pome pink trees, a green sky and
a flock of blue lambs gamboling over
the old rose grass. It's a beauty,
and when the Governor gets that
gouty foot of his comfortably settled
oh it political cares will be forgotten
and a blessing will go up for thi girls
who sold it to him.
It happened this way: After the
speechmaking and . the auctioneering
the bat, and the opposing infield, know-
Ing him to be a hunter and batter, are in
a quandary as to what he will do. The
first ball pitched he will try to bunt and
fail. The Infield draws closer to him, es
pecially the third baseman, who must
come in very close, as Keeler moves fast
toward first base, and every fraction of a
second counts. Now that he has the in
field playing him for a bunt, his chances
for a hit are better. He may swing at
the next ball and miss it. This change of
tactics is surprising to the infield, and
they naturally conjecture as to what he
will do next.
Now that he has them guessing he does
whatever he deems expedient. Snould the
third baseman be still playing close, he
will hit the ball hard in that direction.
There is no time for this man to consider
how ho will play that ball. He simply
grabs, and nine times out of ten the ball
will hit him on the shins or chest, and
either bound out of reach or go by him
entirely, and in either case Keeler is
credited with a hit by reason of the rule
that "the ball was too hard to handle."
There is, therefore, a great advantage
in being able to b-unt, and hit with equal
precision, and no batter should ever con
sider himself half perfect until he is able
tc bunt.
Again bunting is most necessary whero
a team is playing the sacrilice game. Not
many days past I saw a batter at Recrea
tion Park, during a game, try his utmost
to advance runners from first and second
to the next cushions. He made an in
glorious failure, after two attempts, and
•then hit the ball out. It went in tho
air and was captured. The next man up
singled and one run crossed the plate.
Now, if the first individual had been aJWe
to bunt and advance those runners, two
runs would have crossed the plate on that
hit. Fortunately his inability did not
prove dangerous, as the score was wry
one-sided, yet time and again a situation
will present itself in a game \Viere the
only play is to bunt, and if a player is
lacking In this qualification a game might
easily be thrown away.
This same bunting game has other ad
vantages of equal importance. Some
pitchers cannot field a bunted ball, and
Rusie, the great star of the National
League, is of this class.
He was well nigh invincible aga-i.oc the
Baltimore team until one day McGraw
bunted his mighty shoots and beat the
ball to first with ease. It was noticed by
the manner Rusie handled the bunt that
he did not like it, and from then on fhe
Baltimore team won their games from
him principally by bunting, and every
man in this team Is taught to bunt, the
pitcher included. I could not do much in
this regard, but I could bunt well enough
to advance runners when necessary, and
very little more is expected of a pitcher,
whereas every other player in the Balti
more team must know how to bunt and
bunt well. This they accomplished by
practicing every day for an hour, and
numerous are the games they have won
through its application.
Batters should, therefore, endeavor to
perfect themselves in this art. There are
many pitchers and third-base men who
are too nervous to field a bunt success
fully. Then, again, pitchers, as a general
rule, do not like their shoots to be bunt
ed. It Jceeps them on the move, and they
are veTy often at a loss as to the proper
ball to pitch.
My advice to players wishing to be
come ideal batsmen Is to continually
practice bunting. It takes plenty of time
to perfect one's self in tho art, yet wnen
accomplished a big batting percentage is
positively assured. I must also insist that
every player should be able to bunt well
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
were over, the guests of the evening
started to make a tour of the booths.
The girls eyed his Excellency with
ndmiratlon almost amounting to ven
eration. Finally one of them, with a
full n-allzatinn of what she was there
for, braced up and asked him to buy
a ticket for a sofa pillow. He bought
five .and the girl rushed off to toll her
Bister of her success. The sister tried
her hand and the Governor was soon
the possessor of five more tickets.
Then girl No. 1 got her chum to
"work him, and after, she had re
turned with a new four-bit piece the
original sharper took another try. She
was as successful as before, and so
those three took turns in selling Budd
tickets in bunches of five, and never
let up until he had every ticket issued
for that article in his pocket.
The band of the League of the Cross
Cadets was in attendance and enliv
ened the evening with patriotic and
popular selections. Registrar Blggy
was there running a wheel of fortune,
and there were others.
Eighteen gorgeously decorated
booths are arranged around the walls,
having for sale everything from, a
toothpick to a trolley car. Besides,
there is a refreshment stand, shoot
ing gallery and the animatoscope,
showing many moving pictures of the
war and other scenes.
If last night's receipts may be taken
as a criterion, the three weeks of the
fair will net ample money to meet the
needs of the parish.
enough to sacrifice. In fact, a player who
cannot sacrifice should retire from the
game, as he is in the way of those play
ers who can, and it looks bad to see a
man walk to the plate and fall to ad
vance runners, because he never tried to
learn bunting.
PRAISE FOR GOLDEN GATE PARK
Grand Jury Commends the Park Commis
sioners and Makes Recommendations.
That the local Grand Jury is appreciative of the constant Improve
ments being wrought In the people's play grounds by the present Board
of Park Commissioners is apparent by the lengthy and laudatory commun
ication addressed to the board yesterday. The document commends the;
work of the board and its servants, and recommends a numb'T of im
provements, which, if carried out, will add further charm to the beautiful
pleasure spot.
At the outset the Grand Jury expresses a hope that its recommenda
tions will be adopted so that when that body makes its final report It can
reiterate the encomiums that are heard on all sides of the conscientious
care and interest the Commissioners hn.ve taken in the park, which, is
now equal to the best in the cities on the Atlantic seaboard.
The Grand Jury recommends that the mounted police remain in force, as
a credit to the park; that the foot police be furnished with bicycles and
do all patrol duty on the wheel so that more ground can be covered, insur
ing the safety of ladies and timid cyclists against reckless riders.
Attention is called to the large number of wheelmen that visit the park
dally, and of the urgent necessity of keeping the bicycle path in good re
pair. The board Is asked to preserve such path free from small stones,
rolled with cement dust and watered in order that it may be made as
perfect a road as asphaltum.
The latter recommendation will probably meet tho approbation of the
Park Commissioners, as the authors of the communication concluslvely
show that there are 000 bicycle taxpayers to every one team driver, and
that, collectively, over 23,000 wheelmen visit Golden Gate Park.
It is also suggested that at the present bicycle rest the Commission
ers erect a substantial two-story rustic cottage, not unlike the boathouse,
of at least 100 feet frontage, by thirty-five feet in depth, with a broad ver
anda nearly level to the ground in front. One portion of the interior to
be devoted to the convenience of ladles. Independent of the gentlemen's
quarters, with a lady attendant in charge. The sale of refreshments of a
light kind would derive sufficient revenue to easily support this much de
sired and necessary convenience.
As the sick and convalescent visit the park to partake of its balmy
atmosphere, and must sit down by the roadway to rest, it is recommended
that at least 1000 benches similar to those donated to the park by the Mid
winter Fair should be ordered at once and placed throughout the grounds.
It was also recommended that a system of electric alarms be estab
lished along the main drive so that, when necessary, an ambulance can bo
called for or the officers on duty notified of an approaching runaway. In
concluding its interesting communication the Grand Jury makes the follow
ing statement:
'This Grand Jury, as a whole, have seriously opposed the acquirement
of more land for park purposes, excepting it be east of Van Ness avenue,
or, in other words, in the crowded districts. We now have more park
space than the cities of 2,000,000 inhabitants and over, and the climate of
this peninsula has enough wind-swept lands at all times to insure breah
ing space for all the souls born in a thousand years. Care and devotion
to the high cultivation, which is now being done to make these once sand
dunes smile with evergreen foliage and rare plants will fully occupy the
McLaren parent and progeny a number of decades to come."
The document is signed by Chairman A. J. Rich, C. W. Tabor and Rob
ert Coulter and approved by M. H. Hecht.
LEES TURNS
COUNSEL FOR
THE DEFENSE
Would Help Widber in
His Legal Fight.
A CHANGE OF ATTITUDE
FIGHT NOW ON REGARDING THE
CONFESSION.
•
The Chief Says That When It Was
Made the Defaulter Was In
toxicated and Generally
Non Compos.
Isaiah L?es. Chief of Police, jurist and
attorney at law, has appointed himself
counsel for the defense In the Wldber
caae. When "Widber was arrested Isaiah
was among those determined that Justice
should be meted out to the defaulter.
He even went so iar as to see that the
names of those who arrested the ex-
Treasurer should never appear of record
and he assumed the responsibility of ar
resting officer. Then when Widber made
his confession of guilt Lees held It up to
the world as an example of his prowess
in opening the lips of criminals. Now he
is endeavoring to establish the conten
tion that Widber was drunk, out of his
head, under the Influence of an opiate and
generally non compos when he acknowl
edged the theft of $100,000, or so, and. in
consequence, his confession is a worthless
document in the haodo of the prosecu-
tlon.
Tuesday afternoon the prosecution en
deavored to get the confession of the de
faulter before the Jury, but. a storm of
objections from the defense met the effort.
It was claimed that the confession was
obtained by inducements offered the pris
oner, and the defense, when the case
opened yesterday, endeavored to estab
lish this allegation.
Judge Troutt was the first witness
called. Judge Troutt was present with
Mayor Phelan when Widber made his
confession In the oilice of Lees. The wit
ness denied that any threats had been
made or inducements held out to the pris
oner to induce him to make a confession.
Jerome Deasy, superintendent of the dia
mond mine, in which "Widber was inter
ested, was the next witness. He stated
that in answer to a telephone message re
ceived from the Treasurer's office on April
IS he came to the city. He found Widber
lying on his lounge in his private office
in a maudlin condition. Widber stated
that he was short $f>ooo by the substitu
tion of gold for silver in one of the sacks
in the vault. Deasy advised him to make
the shortage good and the defaulter stat
ed that as he was responsible he would
follow the advice.
Next came the Caief of all the police.
He stated that when Widber was before
him and made the confession he showed
the effects of liquor and looked like a man
who had Just come out of a long de
bauch. Widber seemed to be dazed, de
pressed and otherwise unstrung. D. C.
Murphy, who took shorthand notes in the
Chief's office of Widoer's admission, stat
ed that the prisoner seemed wen led and
anxious. Detective Tody, and In fact all
witnesses connected In any way with the
office of the Chiei of Police, were of tho
opinion that the contention of the Chief
that Widber was not mentally responsi
ble for anything he said was correct. This
distracted the prosecution, but it bright
ened up after Auditor Broderlck, the last
witness, had left the stand.
Tho Auditor testified that Widber look
ed dazed, jaded and tired out. He stated
in answer to many questions that he
would rather not answer them, which
showed that he was mentally capable of
caring for himself.
The witness was th^n asked by the
court: "Was any threat or Inducement
offered the prisoner to make the confes
sion?" Attorney Pelxotto objected to the
question, but the court promptly over
ruled it, and witness answered that none
had been. Attorney Pelxotto then wanted
to argue the matter, but the court refused
to listen to argument, stating that his
mind regarding the. admisslhlllty of the
confession was made up, but he allowed
the defense to cite authorities In substan
tiation of its holding. that the confession
cannot be legally admitted.
Friday, when the case goes on again,
the defense will endeavor to establish that
Widber was suffering from the after-ef
fects of an opiate when he made, the con
fession, but the prosecution, after the
statements of the court, is confident that
the confession will bo admitted and Wid
ber's guilt established by his own admis
sion. / ■
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cureguarant'd. Dr.
Gordln, Sanitarium, 5H Pine, nr. Kearny. B.F. Cal.
Deserted by Her Husband.
Margaret L. Reustschler hns sued her
husband, George "W. Reustsehler, for
maintenance. She alleges that Reustsch
ler deserted her In January of. this year
and has since failed to contribute to her
support.
MEETING \ NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ■
M.; will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, Sept. 2., at 7:30 o'clock. TKjT
Third degree. By order of the Master, f^W*
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and- A. •
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY_«V_
(THURSDAY), Sept. 29, 1898, at 1:30 j£3?
o'clock p. m., at the Masonic Temple, /^r >
for the funeral of our deceased brother,
HEINRICH VORRATH. By order of the
W. M. L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
CONCORDIA Lodge No. 122, 1. O. <^i^{&-
0. F. — The funeral committee Is 4if!<2«P§*=:
herehv notified to assemble at Odd -JSgMWgJS 1 "
Fellows' Hall, THURSDAY. Sep- -^/'"^
tember .29, at 1 o'clock p. m.. to attend the
funeral of our late brother, HENRY VOR-
RATH, deceased. PHIL STREHL, N. G.
CHRIST ROEBER. Recording Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15,
1. O. O. F. — Important meeting^%yjsfiafe-
TO-NIGHT. Action on resolu- -I~2?Q^~£
tions. All members requested to f/l«"
attend. CHAS. WILSON, Rec. Sec.
FUNERAL Notice— A. O. H., Division ft-rfS*}
No. I— Members of Division No. 1, A. TCvooW
i O. H., are hereby notified to assemble J«\\|f
at 1436 Mission st., tih;k.<i >a
MORNING, at 8:30 o'clock, for the'S^K
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, MYLES KELLY.
J. McCURRY. President.
CHAS. SHINKWIN, Secretary.
NOTICE— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house in this city on TUES-
DAY, October 11, 1898. at 11 o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary..
San Francisco, September 29. 1898.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6: tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Oceanic Steamship Com-
pany, 327 Market St., San Francisco — Dividend
No. 85 (fifty cents per share) .will be payable
at the office of the company, 327 Market st.,
on and after Saturday, October 1, 1898. Trans-
fer books will close on Saturday, September
' 24, 1898, at 12 o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary.
1 SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
2 YOUNG girls desire situations In the same
house or in same town In country as nurse
and second girl; best references; city or coun-
try. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
LADIES looking for first-class help of all na-
tionalities, please call or send your address to
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young Swedish girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; ref. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS cook desires situation In a Jew-
ish family; 5 years last place. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
LADIES, we have a neat French nurse on
hand; also help for all kinds of work. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter St.
AN American competent Protestant old lady
speaking French wishes a position as com-
panion or to assist In sewing, cooftlng or gen-
eral management; a good home more of an
object than wages; country preferred. Ad-
dress box 831, Call office.
IMPETENT young lady stenographer and
typist, speaking French and Italian, de-
sires position where services would be ap-
preciated; small salary to commence. Box
972. Call office.
NICE lady wishes situation to do general
housework In small family, good cook; small
wages. Apply to Humboldt House, near
Stuckton st. and Broadway.
WANTED— Dressmaking In families by the
day; perfect tailor made skirt; best of ref-
erences; terms reasonable. 232 Hyde st. A.
E. DWYF.U.
WANTED— By a worthy woman, a position as
housekeeper or private family; good cook;
bread maker; wages $15 to $20. M. A. H.,
box 977, Call office.
COMPETENT and reliable Irish girl wants
situation to do upstairs work: Is a flrst-class>
seamstress. Address M. R., 913 East Fifteenth
st.,- East Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED- German woman would like
situation for general housework; good plain
cook. 115 Wlldey St., off Fillmore, nr. Bush.
SITUATION as governess by graduate of high
school and business college; references. C.
M. H., 419% Stockton st.
ELDERLY lady wishes a situation; city or
country; moderate wages. Address 646 Mission,
St., near Third.
WANTED— By young woman, any kind of work
by the day; wages $1 per day. Address 208
Drumm Bt.
LADY teacher will assist household duties
morning for good home. Box 970, Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing,
ironing, house cleaning. Box 1345, Call.
POSITION as baby nurse; mother's care.
Please call 1065 Market st.
HOUSEKEEPER; hotel or lodging house; ref-
erences. Box 965, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by • Scotch Protestant
woman in an American family; good cook;
can give references. CSI Geary St.
GERMAN girl wishes upstairs or general
housework. Call 499 Haleht st.
RESPECTABLE woman would .Ike to <Jo
housework in small f-Tiilv; city reference.
622 Stockton st. ; no postals.
YOUNG woman wishes situation as chamber-
maid or seamstress. Call or address room
29, 1122 Larkln St. ; wages $2.".
WANTED— By an elderly wonian a position as
himsekepeer or to do light housework; steady
i.nd reliable. 225 Minna nt.
NEAT American girl wishes a situation to do
general housework; references. Apply at 1103
Powell St., corner Washington.
WANTED— A situation as cook or to do general
housework; best references. Address 17 A
Sixth st. .
SITUATION by a reliable middle-aged woman
to do housework; city or country. Call for 2
days at 753 Mission St.
GERMAN girl desires a situation for upstairs
work or wait at table. 802 Larkln st., cor.
O'Farrell.
AN educated Danish girl wishes position as
seamstress or nurse for an Invalid lady;
speaks German; good references. Apply 1259
O'Farrell st., Y. W. C. A.
COOK, first-class, 7 years last place, wishes
situation in private family. Box 948, Call.
ELDERLY American woman wishes a situa-
tion to do housework; good cook and baker;
city or country. 136 Fifth St., near Howard.
NEAT girl wants to do light housework In re-
spectable family. 120 Eleventh st.
EXPERIENCED German cook wishes a situa-
tion In private family; no objection to work;
good reference. 341 Minna St., bet. 4th and sth.
WANTED — By a good woman, work by the
day. 1163 Market St..
'OUNG girl wishes a position as apprentice,
learning millinery or dressmaking. Address
915H Fourteenth st.
OMPETENT. cook will do plain washing; city
or country; city references. 3317 Seventeenth.
GIRL with 3 yoars' experience wishes work
with dressmaker. Address Dressmaker, Berke-
ley P. O.
STRONG Scandinavian girl would like work
by the day, washing and house-cleaning. Ad-
dress 1331 Fulton Bt.
COMPETENT lady's nurse Mshes a few more
engagements: terms reasonable. 227 Sixth st.
TWO Swedish women wish positions, light
housework and general housework: references.
]fi Midway St., off Francisco, between Dupont
and Stockton.
SITUATION, adult family, by American girl
attending business college, to do light house-
work for board. Address box 937, Call office.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman, first-
class seamstrees, speaks Spanish, wisheH sit-
uation at taking care of a child and do sew-
In?; no objection to country. MRS. O-. North
Temescal. Alameda Co., Cal.
EMBROIDERY done and lessons Riven In em-
broidery by a Spanish lady; Spanish work a
specialty. 4 Taylor terrace, off Taylor St.,
between Union and Filbert.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS German coachman and gardener
desires situation; best references; city or
country. MISS CULL^N, 325 Sutter st.
4 FIRST-CLASS chefs. French. German and
American, are open for engagement. Apply
to C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
PARTIES wanting to employ help of any kind
will do well. to call on J. F. CROSETT & CO..
Employment Agents, 628 Sacramento st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
BTABLEMAN or coachman (Scandinavian)
wants a situation In private family or livery
Btable: understands the care of horses and
carriages; good rider and driver; first-class
reference. Box 962, Call.
HAYSEED journalist must have position:
country paper -eferred; some ability; no
money; sober, energetic, enterprising; handy
to have in the shop. Box 745, Call.
SOBER and reliable man wishes a situation
as engineer, watchman or fireman; best-- of
city references. Address box 964, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG German- American with best reference
wishes position for light work; can give casn
security if asked for in some kind of busi-
ness. Box 973. Call office. ' ,
COOK and wife, competent and reliable, wish
situations In hotel or institution; city or
country. 802 Montgomery St., corner Jackson,
room 21. •
PAPERH ANGER with tools wants work; day,
piece or contract: best references; painter,
etc. ANTOINE, 237 Shipley st. ■
WANTED— Position as clerk or driving deliv-
ery wagon; had 5 years' experience In gen-
eral store. Box 976, Call office.
JAPANESE wishes situation in family as
waiter and to do housework. Address S. S.,
1329 Pine st.
BARKEEPER— Sober, reliable; wants employ-
ment; good reference. M.. H.. box 966. Call.
WANTED, by young man with best of refer-
ences, a position of any kind. Box 979. Call. .
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; thoroughly understands green house,
rose house, flower garden, pruning, budding,
propagating fruit and vegetables; best refer-
ences. Box 953, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by first-class German
gardener; can take care of horses and milk;
good vegetable gardener; handy with tools.
Address box 941, Call office.
I WILL pay $50 to any person getting me a
permanent position as collector or porter in
any kind of wholesale house; cash security.
Box 949, Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener seeks work; day or con-
tract; city or country; pruning, hedge dress-
ing a specialty; work guaranteed. Box 963,
Call office.
BAKER wishes a situation on bread, cakes or
pastry cook; 30 years' experience. Apply 226
Eighth st.
YOUNG man wishes employment of some kind;
aged IS. Address F. D. T., 650 Jones St.,
Oakland.
WANTED— Situation as room clerk or eleva-
tor man or other work; good city reference*.
Box 955, Call office.
VERY trustworthy mlddle-nged man wants po-
Fltion as night watchman; best city refer-
ences; wages no object, only steady employ-
ment. Address box 695, Call office.
MAN and wife to work on ranch or mine as
cooks; thoroughly competent to run ranch
and cook for 12 or 14 men. Box 1148, Call.
WANTED— Work in private family: can do all
kinds work; gardening, horses, cows; willing,
obliging; city or country. Address J. M. J.,
631 Sacramento St.
COACHMAN wants situation; understands the
proper care of tine horses, carriages; good
driver and generally useful; 8 years' best ref-
erence. Address Coachman, 1217 California st.
YOUNG man, strictly sober, Al references,
worked 8 years same place, would like posi-
tion to learn the firing and care of steam
boilers or clerk In hardware store. Box 897,
Call offlce.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 DO night; $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; fre« bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED-PEMALa
NURSE. $25. MISS CX;LLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
COOK, $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH second girl, $20. MISS CULLEN, 525
Sutter st.
NURSE, $15. MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter rt.
COOK, $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
NEAT young girl, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT second, girl, $12. MISS CULLEN. 525
Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $25; second girl, $10. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter at.
COOK. Berkeley, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT girl, light work, $15. MISS CULLEN.
B2G Sutter st.
GIRL, bakery, $12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
GIRL, wash dishes, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. .
WAITER, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, country. $30: chambermaid and waitress,
$20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
STENOGRAPHER; woman to attend to deli-
cacy store, cut meat, etc., $35 and board; Ger-
man or Scandinavian laundress, institution,
$20; nurse. $20; 6 cooks in American and Ger-
man families, $25 and $30: German or Scan-
dinavian girl for housework, 6mall American
family. $25; Swedish or German chambermaid.
$20; 2 restaurant waitresses, $20, $4 week, and
a large number of (ftrls for housework. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
WORKING housekeeper, Monterey, $25; cook,
Menlo Park, $30; girls for housework, Santa
Rosa, $2.".; IWvidere, $20; Berkeley, $20; San
Mateo, $20; Orland, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
8 WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20;
waitress and chambermaid to wait, same
country place, $20 each; restaurant waitress,
$5 and room, see party here 11 a. m
Forewoman for institution laundry. $23;
plain laundress, institution. $20; woman for
cleaning in Institution. $15 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COOK for Jewish family. $40: Swedish cook,
small family. $25, and a great many girls for
city and country, $15 and $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
LAUNDRESS for Institution, $30, room and
board ; chambermaid to assist waiting, $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny St.
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer of
best city experience and reference; none
others need apply. Millinery Dep't Emporium.
WANTED — Experienced operators on children's
Jackets; also Al skirt hands. DAVIDSON &
MILLER. 731 Market St.
NEAT, respectable girl for upstairs work; sleep
home; $10. Apply after 10 o'clock, 1125 Leaven-
worth st.
WANTED— A young girl to take care of a baby
and light housework; no cooking. Sll Mont-
gomery aye.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted. 408 Sutter st.
SCHIMMEL & HAUER.
YOUNG girl: general housework and cooking.
Call forenoon, 1628 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl; care of 2 children; must sleep
home. 1917 Webster st.
YOUNG German girl wanted for general house-
work in small family; $15. S36'£ Harrison St.
FIHST-CLASS waist hands; none others need
apply. 139 Post st., room 40.
YOUNG German girl; assist housework; 3 In
family. 317 Scott st.
APPRENTICE wanted Immediately at 2608
Bush st.
WANTED — First-class finisher on custom vests.
854 Folsom St.
RELIABLE German girl for upstairs work and
sewing; references. Box 978, Call office.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. 418 Powell st.
2~WAITRESSES wanted at 1212H Polk st.
Model Restaurant.
GIRL for cooking and general housework. 2202
Jackson st.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; sleep
home. 233 Fulton st.
STRONG young girl for general housework.
After 9 a. m., 203 Valencia st.
GIRL who Is kind to children for housework
and plain cooking. 321 Turk st.
WANTED Small girl to mind baby; sleep
home. 621 Stevenson Bt
P E \ MSTRESS wanted on upholstering work.
2306 Fillmore st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants. 110 Russ st.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted on custom coats.
40' Kills st.. room 52.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom made pants.
206 Kearny st v room 302.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework;
sleep home. FRANCES. 704 Sutter st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist In house-
work and care of baby. 4118 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; sleep at
home. 715 A McAllister st.
GOOD pants finisher wanted at 624 Merchant
St., room 24, top floor.
WANTED— 6OO ladles to call and get a free
. sample of Cream of California Violets. DECK-
ELMAN BROS., Barbers' Supply House 106
Ellis st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts- a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught
LEVI STRAUSS ft CO.. 36H Fremont st.
NEAT and competent girl tor general house-
work family of 2. Inquire 1402 O'Farrell, cor-
ner Lapuna
\\ ANTED— Between 1 and 4 p. m.. 12 women of
good appearance. Rooms 79 and 80 St Anne's
building.
YOUNG girl for llpht housework and care of
■ children. 918 Sanchez st, near Twenty-second.
GIRL to assist In light housekeeping: good
home; small wages. HI7A Golden Gate aye.
YOI'NG girl to assist in housework. 1722 Page
st.; call between 10 and 12 o'clock.
VEST hand; also Improved apprentice. Apply
6 Eddy st., room 120.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with house-
work and baby at 2212 Pine st.
HEU' WANTED-Contlnae*. Z:
OPERATORS on shirts; experienced only.,
steady work; good pay. BRENNER-ULMAJ/*
CO., 13 Battery st. , IK
; - .
• -
BUTTON hole operators; experienced only;
Ca%™a r tterf°«. Pay - BR ENNER-ULMA^
WANTED— We require yet a few operators la
our white and flannel shirt department: also
. have a few machines for inexperienced de-
sirous of learning. Standard Ihtht
FACTORY. Gough and Grove sis. SHIRT
WANTED— GirI from 14 to 16 for light hous«-
work; good home; small family. 715 Frank-
lin st.
WANTED— girl; general housework
933 Halght St.. bet. Devlsadero and Broderlck.
WANTED— Experienced hairdresser. Apply 1M
i Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 8 Grant avt^
upstairs. '
GIRL for general housework: small flat; I
- adults. 2030 Pierce st., bet. 11 and 12.
WANTED— Neat young woman for housework,
$10. 3359 Twenty-sixth st. ' '.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
LEAKN dressmaking and millinery; positions
I free: r-ntfms. ;5p nn. M>TVm-»H « 133 P"«t
HELP WANTED-MALB^ w _
S. P. RAILROAD work free fare
50 two-horse teamsters, $1 75 a day, free fare;
railroad work north in the mining districts:
50 laborers $175 a day. free fare
25 teamsters $20 and found, free faro
drilllers. $2 50 a day... free faro
muckers, $1 75 a day free faro
pickers. ■ 75 a day -free fare
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— 3 more stoi. masons, $4 20 a day;
10 laborers, city work $160 a day
20 teamsters, city -*1 "5 a <lay
3 laborers for factory near city. $20 to $25 and
found; 15 laborers for gold mines, $1 60 to
$2 50 a day; machinist, country shop, $2 oO a
day. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED for a nice American ranch, $1 fare
from city, 4 men to do general work and
drive 2-horse team. $20 and found, steady
work; 25 ranch hands, differ- l places. Mill-
RAY & READY, 634-6?' Clay St.
SAWMILLS and woods. Mendocino County:
Half fare paid
10 more laborers $26 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
WAITER and tend bar small country place
$20 to $25 and f-u-d: Italian second rook $2u
and found: waiters, different country hotels
$2f, and $30; waiter and cook, short orders $7
week; cooks, country 1. tels $4U, $35 .and $30.
dlshwas -r 3 , etc. MURRAY & READY, 634-
636 Clay st.
LABORERS and teamsters for the Coast Road;
regular wages; free fare. C R. HA-Nb^JN as
CO., 104 Geary st.
6 2-HORSE teamsters for work a short distance
In country, $25 a month and board.
10 laborers for the valley, $1 <o a day, rree
y> laborers and 2 and 4 horse teamsters for
new railroad work, right in the gold mining
district: special reduced fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary^it.
10 LABORERS for a large mine and smelter,
no experience required, steady work, $1 60 to
$2 50 a day: 10 teamsters, city, $1 75 a day; la
laborers, city and near city, $1 75 a day. C.
H HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
6 SWAMPERS, $35 and board: 10 lumber pliers
and laborers around the mill and woods, $26
and board; part fare paid. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
10 QUARRYMEN for a new marble quarry. $2
a day, long Job; two-thirds fare paid.
2 dry stonemasons for railroad work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
5 TUNNEL men, $2 50 a day; bench men, $2.
5 coal miners, north; pee boss here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
CABINET maker. $2 a day; 2 timber fellers, %?~,
and board; sawyer, $2 a day; packer, $2 a
day: jointer. $1 75 a day, for a shingle mill;
vegetable gardener. $20: ranch hand, $20; farm
hands, $20. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
CHEF $100; kitchen hands and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Engineer and blacksmith. $2 50 day;
Scandinavian man about place, $25; stable-
man, $30; gravel miners, $40 and board; Swi3s
farmer, t2<>; 1" teamsters. $1 60 and $1 75 a
day: 50 laborers, $1 day and board and $1 73
$2 day; man to run incubators and milk, $2.";
vineyardist and wife; and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 restaurant waiters, country, S3O
and $32 50; hotel waiters. $25: 2 dlshwa«her< :
vegetable man; silver man, $7 week; kitchen
■ man and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., C2B Sacramento st.
WANTED— For brick yard, 4 wheelers. $25 to
$30 per month and board; 10 more laborers
for mine, $27 GO and board; 4 laborers for city,
steady Job, $1 per day and board; 2 laborers
for salt works near city, $26 and board: ranch
cook, near city, $20; cook for small sawmill.
$20; farmers, $20 and $25: dishwashers and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 62S Clay st.
20 LABORERS for the woods and mill, $2p and
board; 10 woodchoppers, Sonoma County; 2
laborers for salt works, $26; head and second
choppers, $40 and $30; young barkeeper. $20 to
$25 and found; 3 plow hands, steady. $i&;
laborers, city, $1 75 a day. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Chef for restaurant, $100; waiter,
coffee house, $7 a week; waiter for restaurant,
$3',: young man to help waiting, $20; dish-
washer, hotel, near city, $15; young man to
work around resort near city; man about pri-
vate place, $20; dishwasher, $30. ANDRE'S.
316 Stockton St.
WANTED — A good retail salesman, familiar
with the grocery, tea or crockery trade; a
good man can secure permanent position;
give reference as to competency and char-
acter; state salary expected: none without
experience in any of the above lines need
answer. Box 946, Call office.
TO Go To-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
sho<>s, some nearly new, from 25c to $1. 563
Mission st., bet. First and Second.
TWO first-class markers and distributors
wanted. Sun Laundry. Nineteenth st. and
Telegraph aye., Oakland.
WANTED — A quick, handy man who can do
carpenter work. Apply WAINWRIGHT, 1409
Jackson st.
GOOD coat maker TH. E. KENT, 121 Post st.,
third floor.
WA NTED— Pants maker. 30-56 Twenty-fourth,
street.
COOPERS wanted for Santa Cruz; slack work
Apply HENRY COWELL, 211-213 Drumm st.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor, experienced and relia-
ble; references. Box 960, Call office.
STRONG boy wanted to drive butcher wagon,
$5 a week and board. 127 Second Bt.
BOY to learn blacksmith trade. 329 Noe at.
WANTED— Good ' h washer. 3 Jackson st.
GOOD cook wanted at 1212^ Polk St., Model
Restaurant.
OPERATORS on waists and wrappers; steady
work; good pay. BTBNBR, 131 Post st.
BOY about 15 to lead blind man; $3 50 per week
863^ Market St., room 23, Elcho House.
TAILORS for busheling. 327 Third St.; call
early.
TWO painters wanted this morning at 2516
Twenty-fourth st., near Bryant aye.
BUTLER; *35 to J4O. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
WANTED— Experienced middle-aged man to
help In dining room. Apply 532 Third st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 313 O'Farrell st
WANTED — Errand boy for office E C hox
981, Call office. ' ' DOX
WANTED— First-class coat makers. FRAN-
CES, 704 Sutter st.
WANTED— Japanese man cook, butler and sec-
ond man in small private family of 2 persons
(man and wife); state if speak English and
how long been In this country, wages ag«
and expense coming here through P. o'. box
Bf>2, New lork City.
W A NTED— Plasterers to stay away from San
Francisco as there are plenty of men and
are on strike.
BUSHELING tailor who understands buying
and selling. 73 Third st.
P M^tJp^V l -^ T" unlon men - Apply to C. C.
MOREHOIiSE. Second and Mission sts.
W^.«I E V T ltocg BB t JaPaneSe M restaurant
porter. 20 Stockton at.
°??£ wanted at 1216 Point Lobos aye., near
carhouse.
■WANTED— a good lecturer or medium to
_travel. Call 846 University aye., W. Berkeley.
W . AN T TED ~ Flrst -° lass tailors on ladies 1 work"
A. L. BOWHAY. 504 Sutter st.
COAL miners who have worked in a pitch vein
wanted. Tesla Coal Company, room 515, 323
Montgomery st. ,
FIRS""-CLASS gardener, middle-aged German '
and married. de?ires position in a private
place; references first-class only. Address H.
R.. San Rafael P. O.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; }1 to $3 per week.. HELP nAXTI'.n- Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
, rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
(unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
80 .years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be or
good character and habits and abl .• to speak,
read and write English, and he between 5
feet 6 Inches and 6 feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting ofiioe, 2»
Ellla st., San Francisco, Cal.
.AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. 328
_ Bush St., office No. 4, third floor.
HALF-TONE photographer and general photo-
engraver at 220 Market st.
■WANTED— To "collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Butter st
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m t H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; t'el.' Jessie -1164.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. B.
FUCHB, Sec. 325 Grant aw.; tel Grant 136.
MEN and women to' learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 1384 Eighth st.
MEN'S flne calf shoes to order," $2 60; men's
soling. 35c; only one price, 923 Howard st,
BAILORS anil ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. {.04 Davis st.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fir- large, sunny and airy
room, .25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme Houfp, y. - Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; g.'c a night: $1 a week.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters,' coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and l.'c. night; 73c and $1
iv..,. Llndel! House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st.. near
Market; *00 ■ rooms. Bo night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baffgage to and from the ferry.
AGE XT ANTED.
10 GENTEEL and well-dressed canvassers-
country or city. Write or rail 120 SB Howard.
. FURXITURIC WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer, 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
. H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandlse. 10r.7 Market St.: t»l. Jessie 32.
HOUSES WANTED.
MODERN house In "Western Addition"? or~B
rooms and bath; moderate rent; long time
tenant. Box 947, Call office. ■
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
MILK— gallons dally; steady; state lowest
cash price; city or country. Address Milk
Route. 22i > Mission st.
WANTED— Folding bed with mirror front, in
good condition; state price. Address box 974.
Call office. ■;
.WANTED— Thoroughbred English pug;- small
breed; house trained; must have good pedi- '
gree. Call between 10 and 12, 5 and 6 at 1223'
Geary at. N__B_
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought. Send for KLEIN. 10» Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus, second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■ |
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
1-ROOM flat near City HbM^.. ... JO
12 rooms; new furniture: only ■ 450
45-room boarding-house : 5000
26-room house; clears $200; only 400
65 rooms; for exchange 2500'
28-room corner; price In office
18-room house on Sixth st : 600
£5 rooms sunny corner ; 1100
13-room house; clears $109 '500
21 -room house; central; clears $150: f.OO
S2-room house; best in the city 1000
12- room house: worth $800 800
CO-room house; worth $8000. ...i 3000
15-room house; on Sutter st ; 400
24-room house; clears Jl5O 1400
20-room house; worth $1000 :. 400
60 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All prices
1 -Money to loan or any house
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— KREDO & CO.". 22*6 Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses
38 rooms; clears $100; $400 cash.. $1000
17 rooms; clears $70 ».. 700
14 rooms; all bay-windows; transient 900
11 rooms; Oeary st. : doctor pay* rent.... 650
3 rooms; worth 1600; clears' 140 200
Many others for sale too numerous to mention.
$4000—105 ROOMS; almost new: nothing better;
clears $3000' yearly: transients turned away
every nlpht. KREDO A CO.. 22^ Geary Bt.
A— 4S ROOMS; north of Market St.; fine.... 51200
14 rooms; near Call hulldl--- n«— • 625 ,
22 rooms; select: transient; corner 1150
15 rooms; rent $60 : 450
22 rooms: north Market; clears $125 1150 j
13 rooms; an new furniture ; ; 575
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT TOC A 9 TO -LOCATION. ;
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
TO buy or sell lodging-houses call on Na-
tional Exchange, 7 Grant aye.
fro— HOUSE. 16 rooms; well furnished; near
Market st. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$300— FIRST-CLASS tranpjerit house; none bet-
ter: 14 rooms and laundry; all let; clears $50
to $75 per month. Box SSS, Call office.
$SCO— FOR sale, a middle-sized lodging-house in
Los Angeles: 43 rooms: 32 furnished. 16 un-
furnished; good location; low rent. J.
BROWN, 109 Stevenson, corner Second, . city.
$500 CASH will buy SO rooms; best paying house
In city; balance easy payments; cheap rent.
105 New Montgomery.
THIRD, 233— Lodging-house of 11 rooms for
sale.
WANTED— At once, tenants for S. 10 and 29
room hnur.ps. SPECK & CO. 002 Market st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash apd $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy i
payments and some good pianos for $8, $4 and I
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. :
Stfinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutt't 1 !
ft I*.,1 *., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
AN elegant Sterling piano, slightly used; cab-
inet grand, walnut rasp, three pedals, a bar-
gain; also one Vose & Son's. 1 Eteck, 1 Chlck-
.. erlng and one Curtaz piano; If you intend
buying do so now; freights advance October
1 and we have five car loads of pianos com-
lr.g: we need room. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
Chlckering Agents. 16 to 20 Parrel! Bt,
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 OTarrell st. Pianos, organs and
all 'other rm>«!cal Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: rvery-
' thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be Bold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 769 Market st; they
■ are making room for fresh stock.
BOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brings and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Poet st.
IT costs you 6c to **<■ pianos we rent for $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., EM Hayes.
FOR Sale— An organ, 5 stop*, In good condi-
tion; reasonable. 440 A Clementina St.
$60— ELEGANT upright pianos; $5 Installments.
1115 Post st.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
FINE 3-pedal upright, nearly new; cost $400;
T.iiKt sell. Flat 1, 1021 Van Ness are.
$76— CHEAT bargain: nice upright SCHMITZ,
1 16 McAllister st, next Hibernla Bank.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
> all. W.C. HAMILTON, 324 Post^st^
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
• "*"** >* up. HEINE. 136 Ellts St.
' KNABE pUnoo: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE, SO O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR viol ; 3 , zithers, old and new. H.
• ■'■'■ Ll.l 1: n 1 •■•. repairer. 2 Latham place.
': ' CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpn-cleanlne Work?— Cleans,
• move?, lays carpets, c. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
*£ and M Eighth Bt.; telephone South 250.
•^-^N you become disgusted with poor work
— -..d to i BrAULDINO'H Pioneer Carpet-
ideating Works. 353-57 Ti-hama st. ; -l. 8. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. C. rn» t -cleAn!n7~Co., 4 ;j
Stevenson It; tel. . -;uth 2}<t; lowest rates.
CARPETS -leaned at 3c per yard: r*lald at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944. |
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning' Co., 240 14th
.. St.; cleaning »■■ yard; ttL Mission 74. '
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
'ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co.. 402 Butter' st I*
tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. '
ATTORNEYS' AT LAW.
C. E. PETERS, attorney and coun»elor-at-law,
40 Montgomery St.. room 16.
L. 8. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fee? In advance.
" ADVl'TB.free: no chares unless successful. W.
W. DAVID.'-ON. 927 Market st
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL^typewrlters *old and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER &CO., 110 Montgomery.
' A Hammond, $2."; Collgrajh. $15; Yost. $23;
. get sample work.. SCOTT. 823 Montgomery.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
WE can sell your business quick for cash.
National Agency. 7 Grant aye. ________
$250— CIGAR, stationery and notion etore; re-
ceipts $10 a day; full value In stock; good
living room*; cheap rent; bargain. National
Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$1400— FINEST fruit store in the city; big Van
Ness aye. and Nob Hill trade: 3 wagons; 2
horses; safe; cash register; large stock find
fine fixtures; regular trade $1000 per month;
etore trade $40 per day. NATIONAL' BUSI-
NESS AQBatCT, 7 Grant aye.
$450— BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store; near school; receipts $350 month; 4
rooms; bargain. National Agency. 7 Grant ay.
$350— LADY wants partner In good-paying
grocery and bar; good chance for steady man.
National Agency, 7 Grant aye. .
$450— FINE corner saloon; clears $75 month;
bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$450— FRUIT . store ; horse, wagon; receipts $15
day; bargain. National Agency, 7 Grant ay«.
$300— GROCERY and bar; 3 rooms; rent $23; full
value. National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
$225— BRANCH bakery": 2 rooms; good business;
cheap. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$650— BRANCH bakery, stationery and notions:
3 living rooms; receipts $10 a day; near school.
National Business Agency, 7 Grant, aye.
$200— CIGAR stand;' bargain this day. Mo-
LA.UGHLIN & CO., 777 Market Bt.^^
$2500— FIRST-CLASS bakery and coffee house;
. prosperous country town. McLAUGHLIN «
CO., 777 Market at. __
$1000— PARTNER wanted In shipping business;
must be a Scandinavian and have references.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777 Market st.
CORNER saloon; bargain If sold this day. Mo-
I A.UGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; paying business.
Mclaughlin. _ co.. 777 Market st. -
CORNER saloon, near Market st. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st. I
$2500— FIRST-CLASS bakery, confectionery and
coffee parlor In prosperous country town. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar; 3 llvin- rooms; do-
ing good business. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
7T( Market st. ■
CORNER saloon; a bargain if sold this week.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st
A— s4so; BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on Market st, with 6 living rooms; low rent';
established years and clearing about $60 1 per
month; a splendid offer. Call WILKE &
UNFIT,, 80S Market St.
A— S4OO— CORNER Faloon with club room; rent
$30; best location; surrounded by planing
mills and factories; a splendid offer. • Par-
ticulars, WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— CORNER grocery and bar, 2 blocks
south of Market st.: living rooms; rent $27 60;
a snap. Call WILKE & UNFUQ. '906 Market
LIST your store -'-norerty
Or business place with . '— :—: —
W..1-KE & UNFUG, 906 Market St.
The old estab. and reliable Business Agents.
$225— SALOON; easily worth $1000; $10 dally.
KREDO & CO., 22% Geary St.
A— sl7s; DINING-ROOM; free rent; a. snap if
taken at once. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
A— s4so; CIGAR stand: fine location; value In
stock; $15 to $iS dally. KREDO & CO., 22H
Geary st. ■
A— s2oo; TAILORING and cleaning:: 35 $1 50
monthly customers; clears $200 month: old age
cause of sale. KREDO - CO.. 22^ Geary st j
$300— HOME bakery; Mission: counter trade
$15 daily; low rent; 3 rooms; trial. BAR-
RETT,-. 1125 Market St., abov« Seventh.
»60— FRUIT store; bargain; low rent; business
fair; rooms. BARRETT, 1125 Market,
HALF-INTEREST In large paint store; $1600.
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market St.
CASH grocery— Fine business corner, cor. Del-
I mas aye. and San Salvador St., San Jose; lot
137:2x45; new house, including store, 3 rooms,
horse and wagon; electric light on corner;
sew-r finished; street car on Delmas aye.;
worth $3000; will sell for $2500. Apply at store.
$400— OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant ; •on ac-
, ■ ■ count of leaving city; must be sold at once;
trial given: plea«e investigate; centrally lo-
! cated. Apply at 253 Third et .
WANTED— Responsible party to purchase dairy
store; one who will contract for my milk,
eggs and butter: Income over $400 per month.
Apply at 1109 F. ls,.m st. _
FOR Sale— ls-cent barber chop: best location:
nice 2-chalr shop; price. $100; must sell on
account of other business. Wallack building,
Vlsalia, Cal. .
' FINE paying restaurant must be sold; owner
■ going to Europe in haste; no agents. Apply
| at Call office. ■ ■
FOR Sale— Prescription pharmacy: excellent
opportunity. Room 11, Spring Valley bldg;
! WELL stocked grocery and bar. Apply WICH-
MAN _ LUTGEN. 313 Clay st.
BARBER shop; flne location; cheap If taken
before Oct. 1. 1313 Market st
FLORIST'S business of 15 years' standing; ac-
• count of sickness. Inquire Call office. •
' GOOD branch bakery with coffee parlor. 2325
Mission St.. near Twentieth.
BARBER shop for sale: 2 chairs; short hours.
329 Front St., crfrner Clay.
POULTRY ranch 10 acres; all equipped: for
sale or lease; In city. Box 975, Call office.
CARPENTER shop, housekeeping room and
■ fixtures; cheap rent; $5. 320 Fell st. '
TWO first-class restaurant and coffee saloons;
sell one or both. Inquire of the proprietor
only at 315 Bush st.
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 36 Second st
Al CHICKEN ranch; good orchard: running
water. Box 26, Diamond P. O.
GOOD paying hotel: must be sold; 26 rooms;
hard finished and furnished; large lot; title
perfect: Call at 256 Third st.
I BARBER shop for sale; 3 chairs; good loca-
tion; sacrificed on account of sickness. 33
j Ban Pablo aye.. Oakland.
I DRUG store: excellent opening for doctor; In-
voice about $1200; sell or exchange. Box 942,
Call office.
GOOD tailor wanted to start up tailoring busi-
ness on Installment plan; references ex-
changed. Call bet 10 and 12. 6 and 6. 1223
Geary St.
ENTERPRISING business man with Home cap-
ital call or send address to 1309 Broadway.
Oakland; will show foundation and plans for
a fortune. J.KELLETT.
$325— FINE corner saloon; splendidly located;
suitable place for man and wife; $25 rent; a
bargain. 253 Third st.
FOR sale at a bargain; dressmaking establish-
ment and furnishings. Room 135, Murphy
building.
CORNER grocery and bar in Mission; owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery, 868 Fblsom.
LODGING house: 9 rooms; 231 Stevenson st;
good condition; every room occupied.
$150— BRANCH bakery, candy and notions; liv-
ing rooms; rent $14. 800% Filbert st.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures in; rent
reasonable. 2&0 Third aye., cor. Clement;
take Sutra car.
$150— BAKERY and notions; also good tobacco
trade. 1107 San Pablo aye., Oakland. .
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. C A SWELL _ CO.'B. 415 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wieland Brew-
ery, Second st., near Folsom. • •
FOR sale — Call routs at Ban Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
839 HAVES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light It floats. Full set of teeth. $5; crowns,
$3 50 up; raid fllllngß, $1 up; silver, sCiu up;
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work: no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 8 Ma-
son St., comer Market; phone South 781.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; see new flexible
filates: light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
eeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our speclaHy; fillings, 50c: crowns, $3 50, all
. work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer > of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth •with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full get
of teeth ,$5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work pain- i
lets and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St. corner Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. bridge WORK—
New York methods at New York price* by
New York dentists. 969 Mission st.. cor. Sixth.
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
BET" of teeth* without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNO, 1841 Polk st. .■• > y •■ : '
ALL work reasonable and' warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1220 Market st. -
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads ' --n. •
~~ BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up; new
1897 high grade $100 bicycles, for $29; ' new
tires $2; new pedals, $1 25 a pair; repairing.
JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th and Folsom eta.
THE SAX FBAKCISCO CALL, THTTKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 P«rry st.
near Fourth; rent $12 60; water tree. : Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN _ CO. ' ' -'•■■
ELKGANT eunny house. 8 rooms; rent reduced
from $60 to $35. 818 McAllister St.
PINE and Hyde sts.; large corner house of 33
rooms and 3 baths; very centrally located;
rent reasonable. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
TO LET— Rear house of 5 rooms; rent $10. 325
Fair Oaks st. ' . '
WE • can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & lIOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
3 LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
. room house, 2417 Sutter: 5-room cottage, 2405
Sutter. Apply L, ALTBCHUL, 320 Clay st.
WEBSTER, 190S, bet. Pine and California—
rooms, bath; large yard; rent c.cap. •
$12 50— HOUSE, 4- rooms, cellar, yard. 468 Lin-
den aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
$25— 3-STORY house. 7 rooms and bath. 113
Olive aye., near Polk and O'Farrcll sts.
FURNISHED HOUSES,
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms,
hall, bath, gas, hot and cold water; coal and
gas stove*; large basement floored; front and
back yard; reasonable. Call or addrees F. C.
• HYDE & CO., 1206 Market st.
SECOND, 629, near Townsend— 4 sunny
rooms. $10; flat 6 sunny rooms, $14.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE sunny cottage. 447 Fifth St.; 4 good
rooms; large yard; $13.
A— s-ROOM modern lovely cottage, nice yard,
$12 and $14. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
$15— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, bath; $15,
flat 6 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth st.
I FURNIST— FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. 11l
Full st. .
FLATS TO LET. ~~
ALABAMA, 837—4 and 5 rooms; $Sand $10;
your terms. Owner 122 Davis st, room 13.
APPRECIATED if. seen; rarely beautiful; NW.
corner Sutter and Scott; 6 big rooms and
elated porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch;
rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine.
BUSH, 2238— Sunny bay-window lower flat; 5
rooms; bath; nice yard; $14.
CALIFORNIA, 1423— Modern sunny flat of 7
rooms and bath; water free; rent $30. Apply
In rear.
CLAY. 1417 A —One of the most beautiful flats
In town: convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
.CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
EDDY.' 633— An eight-room flat;' newly reno-
vated: central location; very convenient and
commodious; rent cheap.
| FLAT of two large sunny rooms on second
j floor; stove If required. 648 Minna st., nr. Bth.
! LEAVENWORTH, 1519— Upper flat of 6 rooms";
! rent $16. '
] LOWER flat, 3 rooms; upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkin st.
j McALLISTER, 726— Upper flat, 7 rooms, bath;
I rent $27 50. Key at 728. _^___
j MISSION. 15138. hear Eleventh— Flats. 5 large
sunny rooms, bath; laundry; rents $15 up. •
NICE sunny flats, 637 Minna St., between Sev-
enth and Eighth; $10. ' ■ |
NTS. cor. Nineteenth and Noe sts., 1 block from
Eighteenth or Castro st. cars— Lovely sunny
corner flats; 6 rooms, $18, -water free; 4 rooms,
1 $15, water free. .
NINETEENTH. 3932. bet. Noe and Sanchez—
Lovely flat; 4 large sunny rooms; bath; gas;
1 large yard; $12 50.
PACIFIC, 1217. bet. Jones, and Leavenworth—
Flat of 5 rooms.
P'GE, 466 — Elegant sunny upper flat; 7 rooms
and bath; line location and view.
. POND,' 47, off Sixteenth. H block from Market
I — Sunny upper 5-room flat; $15; water free.
i POST. 2531, or SPECK & CO.— lovely 6-room
t and bath; reduced to $20.
POST, Sunny lower flat; 6 rooms and bath;
| rent $IS. -.
1 RENT reduced; new flat of 6 rooms and bath;
! 2531 Port; $20. SPECK & CO., «02 Market at.
! SEVENTH. 346— Beautiful flat 7 rooms; must
be seen to be- appreciated; rent $25.
SUNNY flats; 3 and 4 rooms; rent reasonable.
63 Pleasant St., off Jones, near Sacramento.
SUNNY flat: cheap: 6 rooms and bath. 531
Thirteenth St., corner Market .
BUNNY corner bay-window flat; 7 rooms, bath;
cheap. NE. cor. Dolores and Fifteenth sts.
SUNNY flat, I room*, bath. 23 Birch aye., oft
Larkin st., between Grove and Fulton.
S-ROOM flat. Inquire at 352 McAllister st
TAYLOR, 2014V4— Sunny modern flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap.
' TENTH, Slo— Modern flat of 5 rooms and bath<
sun all day; nice yard: $18.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN A HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. '
$10, $12, $13— SUNNY flats: range; hot and cold
water. 101-103 Prospect nlace, cor.Sacramento.
! $13— CHEAPEST flat In the city; 5 rooms, bath,
I cellar, yard. 3977 Army st, near Sanche*.
, 2 SUNNY modern flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath.
j Gl&Vi Grove St. -and 925 Golden Gate aye.
NEW, choice. 6 large rooms, with all mod-
ern Improvements. 1720 Hyde st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 522 Polk— 2 nice front unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping.
! BUCHANAN, 1015 — pleasant sunny rooms,
| furnished or not, $12.
EDDY. -Desirable front connecting house-
keeping rooms; gas range; splendid location.
; EDDY, 610—2 nicely furnished sunny front
rooms; light housekeeping; moderate.
ELLIS, 611—2 sunny connecting rooms for
housekpg; also nice front room for 2 gents.
I ERIE 47, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth— 3
neat, comfortable housekeeping rooms; garden.
FIFTH, 392— Complete housekeeping rooms, $1
up; private family.
FIRST, 2S— unfurnished rooms; suitable for
housekeeping; 56 per month.
FOLSOM, SC3-! large sunny furnished rooms;
separate kitchen and yard^ running water.
i GEARY, 556— Elegant sunny suite rooms; privi-
lege light housekeeping; double and single
j rooms.
GLEN PARK aye., 9, off Twelfth, near Mission
—2 or 3 neatly furnished or partly furnished
rooms. | __
HARRIET. 15, off Howard, near Sixth— 2 sunny
furnished housekeeping rooms, U-
; HARRISON aye., 21-2 large sunny rooms, sec-
! ond floor; housekeeping; closets.
HOWARD,' 761H— Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
suitable man and wife; others; reasonable.
IVY aye.. Furnished sunny front house-
keeping rooms; others.
' JESSIE, 378, near Emporium— 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms, only $9.
HOWARD, 1068— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others. $8; single. $4 mo.
KEARNY, ICi— Front suite, 2 unfurnished
rooms. $10. ' ' -
1 KEARNY. near Butter— 3 unfurnished rooms;
I gas free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
MARKET, cor. Unfurnished front sunny
housekeeping rooms. . Apply dentist office.
! McALLISTER, 226 A —Sunny parlor suite and
i kitchen; also other rooms; bath, laundry.
I McALLISTER, Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping^ ■ _^
MINNA, 646— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing .
! MISSION, 889— 52 a week; large sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping. ■ •
MISSION, 953—2 furnished rooms; furnished for
housekeeping; cheap.
I MISSION, 1125V4— Nicely furnished large front
i room with kitchen for housekeeping: $12.
NOE, 161— t front rooms; corner flat; bath;
I large closet; coal range;, yard; $10.
1 NOE, 1188, near Twenty-flfth— 4 rooms fur-
: nished complete for housekeeping; no other
! roomers.
i PINE, 1310— Sunny unfurnished parlor floor,
3 rooms; clean; reas.; Presidio cars . direct,
THE Piedmont. USA Sixth st.— 1 or S rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
VALENCIA, 1154, near Twenty-second— l con-
" necting rooms, both sunny; closets and Fink;
moderate. . ,
VAN NESS aye., 232—2 and 3 furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping; gas ranges. .
VAN NESS aye., 400— Newly and elegantly fur-
nished sunny corner flat, 3 rooms and bath;
3 closets; gas range; complete. .. •
VAN NESS, 400— Unfurnished , sunny parlor
floor, 4 rooms;, newly papered; modern.
VAN . NESS • sve. . 1021— Front ,.. suite ; : : 3 sunny
rooms; kitchen; gas; range; other rooms.
CHEAPEST sad best in America— The Weekly
' Call. * Bent .to any address •In ■ th« • United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
I paid. i
ROOMS '-O LET.
A— SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 in 'bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week, $11 per month;
suitable for 4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe
■tore, 562 Mission st., bet. First and Second st.
ALMA, 14A Geary— Furnished rooms and suits
from $160 per week ur>; transient.
A— 6TOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-OU_r
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 60c.
AT 416 O'Farrell— Sunny rooms; suites; single;
by day, week or "mo.; baths, running water.
BALBOA, The, 104SA Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day;, less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BUSH, Sos— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, $3
per month; also light housekeeping; cheap.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis; .or. Mason— Bunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Furnished or' un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10. mo.
EDDY, 3, corner Powell— Sunny front furnished
room on Market St., $2 50 a week.
EDDY, — To let, 2 parlors; terms reasonable.
ELLIS, Parlor floor, 4 rooms; suitable for
doctor or family; rooms for housekeeping.
FULTON, 430B— Sunny furnished. rooms, both
double and single.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1000, corner Laguna—
Well furnished, large single sunny front
room, $8; private; only man and wife.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 610— Two large sunny rooms nicely
furnished: also housekeeping rooms.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard— Per night. 250 to
$1; weak. $1 to $4; reading room: Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 262— Elegant front al-
cove; light housekeeping allowed.'
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 3S2— Comfortable sunny
rooms for 1 or more gents; private house; reas.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Hsventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms; en ruit* and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select fjunily
rooming house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 784 H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; housekeeping conven-
iences: $1 week.
HAVES, Sunny double parlors suitable for
2 gentlemen or man and wife.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HOWARD, 650— Single front room suitable for
one or two; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1802, '. corner Fourteenth— or 4
sunny front rooms; rent $8.
JESSIE, Large sunny front room; bath; 2
gentlemen or man and wife.
KEARNY, Back parlor, with use of front
parlor; for gentleman or gentleman and wife;
rent very low; private family.
MARKET. 1C274. bet. fth and 7th— Elegantly
furnished- front suit rooms; first floor; $30.
MARKET, 1032, near Mason— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; double, single; transient; $4 up.
MASON, 225— Bunny bay-window room, nicely
furnished. $2 per week; Others; transient.
MASON. Large front room; rent $6; also
housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 371, near Fifth— Single sunny front
room; lady or gentleman; private family.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient. ■
MISSION, 865 — Sunny furnished rooms, $1 week
up; light housekeeping.
MISSION. 1037— Beautiful parlor suit*, ele-
gantly furnished; $21. MRS. C. M. SIMPSON.
MISSION, 1035— 2 nicely furnished parlors, to-
gether or separate, for couple or gents.
NATOMA, 626—2 Sunny front rooms, furnished.
O'FARRELL, Sunny rurnlshed rooms, ele-
vator; electric light*: day. weak or month.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished rooms, 75
cents a week and upward. 421 Bush st. ■ '
PINE. 510. second house from Kearny— Fur-
nished sunny front room In private German
family. $6 per month.
POST, Three blocks from all hotels; sunny
rooms; before locating elsewhere, see them;
•elevator; all conveniences; families and gen- i
tlemen: references given; board optional.
POST. 1116, between Polk and Van Ness— 3 nice
furnished rooms in private house.
POWELL, 617— EleKactly furnished suit of
rooms, with privilege kitchen for breakfast.
POWELL. Nicel" furnished alcove suite;
suitable for 1 or 2 gents; private house.
PROSPECT place, 123. bet. Powell and'Stcok-
ton, near California— Large room, bath, $6;
private; German. '
ROOMS in good location by the day to respect-
able parties visiting city. Address "Select,"
box 961. Call.
SCOTLAND, 4. near Maeon— front rooms,
hard finished, $10.
SEVENTH, 192. near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms: reasonable: also housekeeping.
SIXTH, Lar«e front sunny room; also
rooms $1 per week.
SIXTH. 429— Large well-furnished sunny parlor;
quiet home for 2 gents; $8; private.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Furnished and unfurnished.
THE McMILLAN. 119 Larkln— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny front suite; also single room.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market Ft., opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms- or
suites; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping; rooms from $5 to $12.
TtTRK. 132— Large nicely furnished sunny room
■ suitable for 2; sunny single front room, $6.
TURK. Sunny front parlor suite; also nice
single room; gas and bath; reasonable.
VALENCIA. 112— Unfurnished bedroom, kitchen.
sunny parlor and alcove: private family.
ROOMS AND BOA a I).
ABHOTSFORD. The— _ ""
Broadway and Polk rtn.; quiet' homelike;
terms moderate; board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLSORN House, 319-321-323 Grant ay«. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
GEARY. 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks: dinner, 25a.
HOTEL LAS PALMAS. 1820 Marhet— Elegantly
furnshd. rms.; suite, single; board optional.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant home for gent;
board; hot and cold water: $20; other rooms.
THE on..:L— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye.. 619— Bunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board. ,
VAN NESS, Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms.
CHILDREN BOARDED. ~~
WIDOW wishes 2 children to board; furnished
room for parent. El Clara st.
WANTED— to board; reasonable; good
home. 309 Clipper St., near Castro.
STORES TO LET. ~~~ ~ '
CLEMENTINA. 23—4 rooms and store; bar~flj£
tures; cheap rent.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3851— Corner store and 4
rooms; stable If de9lred; Twenty-second st
cars pass; $14.
HAVES, 838— Large store and living room; suit-
able most any business; good stand; $15.
HOWARD, 1802— Store and two rooms; rent
cheap. . . - ■ .
HORSES.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads work, draft and driv^
Ing horses. Occidental Sale Yards. 72l Howard.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
■ . Sales Yards. 220 Valencia st, between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer. . ■
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia nt:
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD peddling. ■wagon j nd harness cheap. Call
440 Bush st. ___■
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
1 bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for stone ' General '■ depot
; Quartermaster's Department, 36 New Mont-
: gomery street, San Francisco, • September • 27,
1898.: Sealed proposals will be received at this
'•■ office until 11 o'clock a. m., on October 28,
• 1698, and then opened, • for construction ■- of
'■ stone — nil : alone; southern boundary > of mili-
tary reservation. Presidio of/ San Francisco,
In accordance with plans : and specifications
on file here, whlaii can be seen on nppllca-
tlon.y OSCAR .F. LONG, lleuten-nt colonel,
U. B. Volunteers, depot ■ quartermaster. .
PERSONALS.
LADIES— Send your address to Mr. Chanley,
506 Bush st., San Francisco, Cal.,' who will
send you a circular of gr*>at Importance about
a new and hygienic preparation for the toilet
which is indispensable.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHKW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver; 25c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co.. 1156% Washington, Oakland.
GIRLS prepared for the stngo, dramatic or
vaudeville; engagements secured. Box 797,
Call office.
LEDERER'S Quinonla cleanses the scalp thor-
oughly; 35c bot. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
CURLS are used by every one in hatrdresstng
now, 45c pair; hairdresfing, 25c; hair restored
to its natural color, $1 ,r>o, r >0 up; good switches,
$1; finest, $3 50: extra, $.': open Sunday, 9 to
12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms,
16c to $160 per night: $150 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to arid from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. T. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FI'NKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on- easy installments. L.
LEMO3. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MASU MIYAKAWA, Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Kearny Ft. : tel. Green 19.
DRESSMAKERS.
MISS ~OILLIQAN\ dre ■ aklng and cloak-
making school. 223 Grant aye.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
MME. GOi.JSTEIN— EI -ant stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made nver. 8 Kddy °t.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
. will reveal every- hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions;' unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MISS DWfER, greatest clairvoyant medium
. on Pacific coast; all reading guaranteed or
no fee accepted: readings p>-r mail,- $1 50; If-i-
ters promptly answered. 42fl Post st. ; men-
tion this paper.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and, card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31.1 O'Farr=ll st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MR 3. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader.meclical clairvoyant, diseases cured
with revealed remedies; cancer cured without
pain; fittings $1; diagnosis freo. 232 Stockton.
MME. YOUNG' S convincing test circle to-night,
10c; 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia St.; read-
ings, $1; cir. Tues., Frl.. 2 p. m. ; Mon., 8; 23c.
MRS. SHAFFER. teßt and buslneas medium;
slttir.c* dally. ?1?H Sixth nt.
HYPNOTISM
INSTRUCTION given In personal magnetism;
diseases and habits cured permanently; mag-
netism Is the success in social .r.d business
life. The College, 805 Larkin et., Tuesday
evenings free.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, phnrthand, i/p-
lng, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, .civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1S?2: catalogue. '
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. .$5(5; low rates
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; wrltefor circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mecb. survey, assay, archit.; day &.eve. ;
e»t. IS«*. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell:
16'yrs experience. Press Club bldg.. IL'3 Kllis.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet. . mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3'J4l 24th St.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reopened. 811 Leav-
enworth. nr.' Sutter: pri. tuition; voice cult.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory in
Lelpslc; lessons, 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Ann!* Montague Turner, vocal instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEETTNG, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught in 1 month; references;
private lessons! terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ENGLISH literature, mythol<vy: Shakespeare
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly fno matter from what cause): safe
and sure at any time: my relehrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall; travelers helped without delay; htme in
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discounted consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills
fl; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. WTETH,
108 Turk st.. near Jones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: fafe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fail: delicacy, privacy, home,
«tc. : babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
st.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $160 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
» pedal diseases free. WALLER BROB.. 23
Grant aye. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
NKW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used: consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills, and capsules, si; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician, for
87 years, DR. POPPER, 818 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $6; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patientß; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st. ,
LADIES. Chlehester'a English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; toka
no o"ther; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies"; letter by return mall: at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Oats
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles Witt
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
ATTENTION! Rheumatism; guaranteed cure in
10 days; no pay till cured. 299 Hyda St.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home in confinement. 15G Second st.
ELEVENTH, lOft-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
LOST\
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares nf the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad,
issued to A. O. RUSS, has been Inpt and a
reward of ?10 is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. G. RUSS, 201 Monte^mery st.
LOST— Plan or front elevation of 3-story house;
T. C. Cochrance, architect. Return to 49%
Fifth St.; liberal reward.
REWARD— Lost, young Alaska dog, from 9%
Park aye., Bryant and Harrison sts.
LEFT Tuesdas' on 4:45 Alameda boat, a basket
hamper. Return to 11. L. CLAPP, Bank of
California.
LOST— Tuesday afternoon on Van Ness aye.
and California. Larkin or Sutter sts., gold
bow pin; gold watch attached; monogram
S. P. Please return to 1730 Jackson st. ; lib-
eral reward.
WILL the Jeweler at whose place I left a dia-
mond willow cane on Tuesday, send his ad-
dress to A. W. KIRBY, 1112 Larkin St.?
LOST— Last Sunday, Geary-st. cars, between
Odd Fellows' Cemetery and park, green purse;
liberal reward. Landlady's bell, C O'Farrell.
CHEAPEST and best In Arrerica— The Weekly
Cull. Sent to any address in the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
LOST— Llewelyn setter dog Friday; reward if
returned. H. AHLER. nn Eighth.
physicians"
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1208 Market; diseases of women a specialty;
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, first floor Crocker building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK EiOTS.
NEW BLOCKS! NEW LOTS'. BARGAINS ON
EASY TERMS'.
Location and price will positively suit you.
$400 to $800— Sunset Heights lots; graded;
splendid view; $25 down. $10 monthly. •
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$250 to Choicest Richmond lots; only
$25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$100 to $250— Level building lots near Mission-
6t. electric cars; only $5 monthly.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, Crocker building.
$1000— FOR Bale, In the warm belt of the Mis-
sion, a modern 5-room cottage; $250 cash, $10
per month; lot 25x114. Apply to GEO. W.
PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Market st.
FOR sale— small house of 3 rooms at the Mis-
sion, to be removed; strongly built, with no
plastering. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ,
TO RENT— In Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek, 8 miles from BeVkeley, 1150
acres land; well watered, wooded; £>0 acres
; good grain land; balance excellent pasture;
suitable milk or stock ranch; R. R. facilities;
I crops never fail. R. E. Rowland. Orinda Park. *
FOR Sale— Stock ranch; 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land, remainder grazing hill
land: abundant feed; well sheltered and
watered: situated In Cohisa County, 16 miles
from railroad; price $10 per acre. Apply to
• MRS. M. S. CHAXDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$13."0 FOR a new house, 4 rooms and bath; on
Telegraph aye.: $17, including interest per
month : no cash down : first- come, first served.
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
$150 CASH— Neat new cottage, 4 rooms and
. bath; an extra lot with it. $765; monthly till
paid for; an easy way to own your own
home and stop paying rent: price $575; Allen-
dale Settlement. Eaet Oakland; a few $75 lots
still left; $5 cash, $5 monthly; the tract is
fast settling up with nice homes; streets are
graded; some macadamised; 3 electric car
lines and fine Fchoolhouse near: call or send
for circular; carriage free. 456 Sevsnth st.,
corner Broadway, Oakland. H. 2. JONES.
Owner. - . 
FOR Sale In Oakland — New house! 7 rooms and
bath: 2-story; best construction and finish;
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from
. railroad station; 30 minutes from San Fran-
cisco: monthly Installments. HERON & HOL-
. COMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
FOR RKXT-Furnished, In Oakland." house "n
rooms; northwest corner; large grounds; fine
neighborhood; 3 minutes' to railroad station.
30 to San Francisco; IS or 24 months; rent
$70. including care of grounds. HERON &
HOLCOMH. 1050 Broadway-
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th & Washington.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets; reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, rowna and suits. MRS. E.
CHATMAX. «o«'?7th st,. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
. FURNITURE— and cheap. H. ECHKLL-
. HAAS' old store, 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
alameda REAL ESTATE.
6PECIAL NOTICE. "~~ "
FIRST come, first served.
just LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800. $2200, $2600, $3000.
' The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments,- and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5. 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
i date; almost new, and are located near schools
ar.d stations.
We are going to weed th"m out, and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSK & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market st., I
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3500— house of 7 rooms and bath; all
. modern Improvements; large lot; street work
all done and near the university. JOS. J
MASii.v. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
• . PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
30 LARGE and small desirable ranches for Oak-
land property; also good renting Oakland
property for ranches; see me- for what you
want. J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without '
removal; no commission; no delays. J
NOOXAX. 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
V*lry. at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market St.; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest interest. Room €>. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BOXNELLI, 130 Post st:.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate. 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 656 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortr. ;
any proposition. Drydpn. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 323 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
100.000 FEET second-hand lumber; all kinds.
Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
LADY going East has some good canary blrdj
' for sale. 231 Eleventh st.
LARGE fire and burglar too! safe for Bale
cheap at 42 Main st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-I'7 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, she -r cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and aec-
• ond hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth. -
FINE sealskin for $90, cost originally 1170, at
UNCLE HARRIS" 15 Grant , aye.
SAFES— New and eecorv'-band: cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
einrs. boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS, : $20; i records. $5 per dozen;
projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupi, 928-932 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. • 1124 -Mission; tel. So. 787.
■SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer' and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented : repaired. bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL. kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St. 1
~ STORAGE."""" ~~
PIRIiCE-RTTDOLPIi Storage
office Tenth and' Market; telephone South 166.
. MARRIAGE LICENSES. r ~~
! Marriage licenses have been Issued a3 follows:
John B. ■Williams and Mary B. Y0ung...... 23-18
William McLean and Rose Campbell...:.... 23-23
B. J. Brun and Catherine I. Danerl 29-19
M. Godstelr. and Henrlette Wohl.V..:.vr.'.. 36-29
R. H. Ingraham and Nettle M. Botts;.. 2S-24
H. W. Kockler and Johanna C. Hp1ne......29-ia
"BIRTHS-MARRIAGES^EATfIr
Birth, marriage and death notices', sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and ■be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
KIDD— Oakland, September 26, 1858, to the
wife of E. C. Kliid, a con.
MARRIED.
HAYNES— ROWELL-In this city. September
23. ISOS, by the Rev. J. Rowell. "\\ Jibum
Haynes of Waverley, Kans., and Grace W.
.Rowell of San Francisco.
MOHR— BEHRENS— In this city, September 25.
1898, by th.- Rev. R. Mackenzie, D.D., Her-
mann J. Afohr of Mount Eden, Cal.. and
Louise K. Behrens of Blair, Shasta County,
Cal.
OESTERMANX— MEUSSDORFFER —In this
city, September 27. 1898. by the Rev. J. M. ,
liuehler, Louis Oestermann and Amelia
Meussdorffer.
SCHLIEMAN— DRIGGS— In this city. Septem-
ber 27, ISBS, by the Rev. Dr. Woods, assisted
by Chaplain L. J. Inland. First . Tennessee
Regiment, and* Chaplain H. P. Williams.
Fifty-first lowa Regiment. Chaplain John O.
Schlieman, Twentieth Kansas Regiment, and
Maud E. Driggs of Phillipsburg, Kans.
SCHWAB— READ— In this city. September IT,
IS9B, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. William A.
Schwab and Lizzie Hecker Read.
WEXDLE- CHILDS— 11. 1898. B. W.
Wendle and Carrie Child*.
WILLIAMS— YOUNG— In this city. September
27, 1898 by the Rev. F. A. Doane, John B.
Williams and Mary B. Young, both of San
Francisco. _^_^___^—
. . DIED.
Agior, Vitorino dl Kelly, Myle«
Aliamus, Susie - Kochendorfer Eugen*
Behan, Bridget A. ■ McFeeley, Annie
Bradford. Mary Maloney. James
Carson, Mrs. Nannie Martin, Lawrence
Currey, Francis J. Muller. Sebastian
Deckelman. F. E. O'Neill. Mrs. Rebecca
Farn?ll. Edward W. Peterson. Mariguita
Hanjes. Ruth B. Yon Gleglingen, A.
Huerne, Prosper L. Vorrath, Henry
Huntlngton. Almira Warker, Gnslave
Jones. Ltbrado Watson, William H.
Kelly, Margaret C.
AGIOR— In this city, September 38. 1898,. Jo*«
Vltorino di Aglor, a native of Portugal, aged
23 years.
ALIAMUB— In San Mateo, September 2«. 1898,
Susie Aliamus (nee Melster).
ICrFriend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at San Mateo.
BEHAN —In this city, September 27. IS9B, .
Bridget A., beloved wife of James Behan.
mother of John E., Mary A. and Thomas J.
Behan. and sister of Hannah and Kate Cur-
ley and Mrs. Annie Sullivan, a native of Gal-
. way, Ireland. ■
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 2908 Twenty-
- third street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BRADFORD— In this city, September 27. 1898.
Mary, beloved wife of Charles P. Bradford,
daughter of the late James and Catherine
Curley, and sister of John Curley and Mrs.
T. Brady, a native of San Francisco, aged 32
-years anil 2 days.
E-j^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from tne residence
of her sister, 69 Rausch street, oft Howard,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
• Joseph's Church for services at 11 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CARSON— In this city, September 28, 1898, Mrs.
Nannie N., wife of the Rev. Dr. A. N. Car-
son.
CURREY —In this city, September », M 9«.
Francis J., beloved son of J. B. and Annie
E. Currey, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 1 month and 24 day 3.
IT?" lnterment private.
DECKELMAN— In Cavite. August 27. 1898. P.
E., beloved son of Frank and Emily Deckel-
man, and brother of Richard and Albert
Deckelman, a native of San Francisco, aged
23 years. Member of Hospital Corps, First
California Volunteers, and student of Califor-
nia Dental College.
FARRELL— In this city, September 28, 1898.
Edward V.*!'liam, beloved son of George L.
and Lillie E. FarrMl. and nephew of Mrs.
E. H. Beverly and Willie R. Farrell, a native
of San Franeisro, aged ■ "ears and 4 monthß.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, 214H Langton street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HANJES— In this city. September 27, 1?98,
Ruth 8., beloved daughter of E. H. and Belle
Hanjes, a native of San Francisco, aged t
year's 4 months and li day*.
(CT Friend's and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the First
Baptist Church, Eddy street between Jones
and Leavenworth. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HUERNE— There will be a requiem high mass
for the reptjse of the noul of the late Prosper
L. E. Huerne Saturday, October 1, 1898, at
930 o'clock, at the French Church of Notre
Dame dcs Vlctoires. Bush street, below Stock-
ton. Friends are requested to attend.
HUNTINGTON— In this city. September 27,
1898, Almira J., wife of G. W. Hunting-
ton, a native of Lltchfleld, Me., aged 71 years
and 5 months.
CTTriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day < Thursday), at 1
o'clock, from her late residence, 638 Green
etrf-et. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland.
JONES— In this city, September 28. 1898, Lib-
rado Jones, a native oi -Mexico, aged 52 years.
KELLY— In this city. September 24. IS9B Mar-
garet C, beloved wife of the late Mark Kelly,
mother of Joseph A., Mark A., Eugene and
Josephine Kelly, and sister of Mrs. Mary
Prial of New York and Elizabeth Connors of
Oakland, Cal., a native of Klnprs County, Ire-
land, aged 53 years. New York papers please
copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
f'llly Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 604 Guerrero street thence to Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, September 27, 1898, Myles,
beloved husband of Lizzie Kelly, brother of
Peter and Annie Kelly, and cousin of James,
John, Bessie, Ella and Kate McFadden. a
native of County Leitrim, Ireland, &g*6 40
years. (North Attleboro, Mass., and Penn-
sylvania papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residenre, 1436 Mission street, thence to Bt.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose Of hit
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KOCHENDORFER— In this city, September 17,
IS9B, Eugene, dearly beloved son of Sophie
Kochendorfer, and brother of Ernst. William
and Rosle Kochendorfer, a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 24 years 11 months and 14
days.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 154 San Carlos avenue, between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
MrFEELEY— In this city,- September 87, 1898,
Annie, infant daughter of James and Annl*
McFeeley, a native of San Fran.
MALOXEY— In this city, September 28, 1898,
James Maloney, a native of Ireland, aged 87
years.
MARTIN— In Martinez, Contra Costa County,
Cal , September 2? 1898, Lawrence Martin, a
native of Barly Hill, County Meath, Ire-
land.aged SO years.
MULLER— In this city. September 27, 1898, Se-
bastian, beloved son of Andreas and Sophie
Muller. brother of Vitus. Adolph. Edward,
Kamil, Joseph, Clementine and Hedwl* Mul-
ler Mrs. T. BederbOßt, Mrs. A. Werlen and
Mrs O. Werlen, brother-in-law of Mrs. Rose
Muller, and uncle of Willie and Mathilda
Muller, a native of G**chenen, Canton Walles,
Switzerland, aged 28 years 9 months and 17
days. A member of Helvetia Verein of San
Francisco.
(EXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from th« parlor*
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, neat
Eighth, thence to St. Antonio's Church. Army
and Folsom streets, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In this city, September 27, IS9S, Mrs.
Rebecca Latimer. relict of ; the late John
O'Neill, and beloved mother of John J.,
Thomas F. and Margaret O'Neill, a native of
Ennlrklllin, County. Fermanagh, Ireland, aged
6S years.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her .ate resi-
dence, 486 Halght street. Interment private, •
In lon.a Churchyard, Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. September 18, 1898.
Marigulta Peterson, a native of California,
aged 29 years and' 2 .months.
YON GIEGLINGEN— Oakland, September
27. IS9B. Arthur, beloved husband of Georgine
yon Giegllngen and father of Millie and Ar-
thur yon Gleglingen and Mrs. Dora Williams,
a native of Gleglingen, Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, aged 65 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Twelfth and Washington streets,
Oakland. Services under the auspices of Oak-
• la-id Lodge No. ISB, F. and A. M.
VOxtRATH— In this city. September 28, 1898,
at his residence, 801 Point Lobos avenue
Henry, beloved husband of Elizabeth Vor-
rath, father of William, Annie and Emma
Vorrath, and brother of Mrs. C. Melerdlerks,
a native of Hanover, Germany, aged 70 years
' 1 month and 28 days. ,
(EX Friends and acquaintances and members
of Concordia Lodge No. 122. I. O. O. F.. and
Slegel Grove No. 7. V. A. O. D.. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tMs day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Tem-
ple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
where the funeral services will be held under
the auspices of Hermann Lodge No. 127. F.
and A. M. : Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WACKER— In this city. September 28,' - 1808,
Gustave, beloved husband of Annie Wacker.
and father of Gustave J., Francis L.. Annie
! G. and Liziie A. Wack«r and Mrs. A. Rocf n-
. holz, a native of Germany, aged 53 years tt
: months and 13 days. , , ■ . « . i
WATSON — In this city, September 28, 1898,.;'
William H. Watson, beloved father of Wil-
liam H. Jr. and George P. J. Watson, . a na
■five of Pennsylvania, aged 87 years 8 month i"
and 2S days. ■ ■ ■ i?
lAIcA VOY & GALLAGHER. t~
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAX*AtER»r
(20 FIFTH ST., opp. Lincoln BtnMt, •-
Telephone, South 80. 8 '
1314
JUDGE COFFEY'S NEMESIS.
Mrs. Frances Suchorzpska Captured in the
Cltß Hall and Locked Up In
a Padded Cell.
MRS. FRANCES SUCHORZYNSKA. who threatened the life of Judge Coffey
Tuesday afternoon In front of the City Hall, Is now in a padded cell in
the insane ward of the Receiving Hospital, and will be taken before the
Insanity Commissioners this morning. The police had been instructed to
look out for her and arrest her on sight. Yesterday afternoon she made her ap
pearance in the Larkin-street corridor of the City Hall and was promptly placed
under arrest by Policeman Wagner. He took her to the insane ward and on
being searched by the matron $195 35 was found rofled up in an old stocking in
the pocket of one of her petticoats. A careful search was made for a revolver
but she had left it at home. • '
The woman did not deny that she visited the Hall again to see Judge Coffev
but talked in a rambling way of how the Judge had collected the rents of her
property on Eighteenth street and had not given them to her or her husband
AU of which exists In her imagination only. outum.
MARRIAGE
IS TO HER
A PASTIME
The Number of Hus
bands Questioned.
FIGHT FOR AN ESTATE
MBS. McDEBMOTT OPPOSED BY
MBS. MTJBDOCK.
Los Angeles Legal Muddle Which
Has Come to This City in
the Shape of De
positions.
Four husbnnds is the record of Carrie
■Walton, a follower of the muse of vau
deville in Los Angeles, but if the attor
neys who are opposing her In the matter
of the estate of William McDermott
prove their contentions Carrie was mar
ried but twice. In Los Angeles at the
present time a suit is going on for the
property of McDermott, which he left to
■Jlis presumed wife, Carrie McDermott.
William J. Hunsaker, a prominent attor
ney of Los Angeles, is representing Mrs.
Murdock, a sister of the deceased, who
Claims that Carrie Walton, or McDermott
as she styles herself, was never married
to her brother and that she has no right
to the $10,000 he left her. Mr. Hunsaker
Is in the city at present to take the dep
ositions of Detective John Curtin and
Lawrence Noonan, president of the Lynde-
Hough Company of this city, which, as
he declares, will prove that Carrie Wal
ton committed bigamy, and her marriage
■with McDermott is consequently void
_ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Head of Six Months' Old Baby.
They Would Peel Off Taking
The Hair with Them.
Doctor & Remedies Did No Good
Tried Cuticura. HairGrewand
Now No Trace of Eczema.
My baby was about six weeks old when the
top of her head became covered with thick
scales, which would peel and come off, taking
the hair with' it. It would 'soon form again
and be as bad as before. I tried several things !
and then went to the doctor. He said it was
'Eczema and prescribed an ointment, which
did not do any good. A friend spoke of Cu-
ticcba Soap. I tried it and read on the
l -wrapper about Cuticura (ointment) as a rcm- '
\ cdy for Eczema. I bought a box and washed
Uier head in warm water and Cuticura Soap r
\nd gently combed the scales off. They did '
tot come back, and her hair grew out fine ,
Vi thick. She is now a year and a half old '
V hat no trace of Eczema. You havo my '■■*
mission to publish my letter.
• \. Mrs. C. W. BURGESS,
\ ■;. «1, '98. 05 Warren St., Bridgeport, Conn.
n* RmiDrES appeal with lrralitlbW force to '
iDuraea, and all having the care of children. To
\t a single application will afford Instant relief,
\ and aleep, and point to a ipee jy care In the
\ng and disfiguring of (kin and scalp diseases, ;
: fcair. and not to use thrm 1j to fall In you duty. I
;; V Sm-TontitD Babies aitd Rest ros
fmKM In a warm bath with Ccticcra Soap,
m -. vpUeation of Cvtici'i a [ointment j, erf alert !
~~~ \<l tkin ru-rt. *
V . Vtthe world. POTTM D«CO CBIK.
V V to Italy* Skin OUeaju,"maU»d to.
/
The story of the detectives and Hun
faker is as follows: Carrie Walton, the
in thi he , cas e. married Frank Taylor
In this city in the month of August, 1592.
nVw 1 " . now a ba rkeeper in Vallejo, and
will be introduced to prove the case of
the contestants. In June of this rear
her deposition was taken and she con
cealed the fact of this marriage to Tav
lor. A^ hen she discovered that the attor
neys of the opposition knew of her union
with Taylor she then had recourse to a
story about seeing an article in the pa
pers which reported a wreck of a bark
entine on which her husband had sailed
According to her story all the crew w;is
reported lost. Her testimony in the dep
osition shows that she could not recollect
the name of the vessel, the captain or
any of the crew. She also stated that
after she read of the loss of the ship on
which her husband had sailed to his
death she made inquiries of the Lynde-
Hough Company of this city and was in
formed there that the news was true.
Lawrence Noonan, the president of the
Lynde - Hough Company, admits that
Carrie had called at his office, but he
says that she was informed that her hus
band had sailed on the barkentine J. H. I
Falkenberg, and that she left a letter to '
be delivered to him upon his return. A
month after this she married one Swee- ;
ney In Los Angeles. This was in May,
1897. In December of the same year Car- i
rie Walton married McDermott. Prevl- .
ous to her marriage with Taylor she was
united in the sacred bonds or matrimony
with Frank Walton, who was her first
venture.
The attorneys have no trace of Swee
ney, but they claim to have found Tay
lor, and on this they will build their case
to wrest the $10,000 from the much
spoused lady which McDermott has left
her.
HOW CRIMINALS GO
UNWHIPPED OF JUSTICE
AFTER ROBBING CHEW SING HE
LEFT TO AVOID ARREST.
Somebody Has Used Influence to
Shield a Man Charged With
a State Prison
Offense.
The usual serenity that surrounds the
proceedings in Judge Low's court was
suddenly disturbed yesterday morning
when it was ascertained that the com
plaint charging Charles Smith with high
way robbery wa6 missing.
Smith, with four others, met Chew Sing,
» Chinese fruit peddler, on Twentieth' an 1
Capp streets on the morning; of June 18,
r.nd unceremoniously stood him up ami
relieved him of $13. The assault was wit
nessed by Rev. Mr. Kilgrew from his win
dow at 3416 Twentieth street, and he gave
the alarm. The sudden interruption
frightened the highwaymen and attracted
the attention of the police, and they ar
rested Ed and James Terry, Louis Cuneo
and another young man named Carr. In
the meantime Charles Smith made his
escape by jumping fences and secreting
himself in the railroad sheds until he
boarded an outgoing freight train and
lade his way to Castroville, where he re
ied until last week. Then he returned
he city. He was seen on last Sun
night on Polsom street by Police Oiii-
Neil Reardon, who recognized him
ardon took him to the Central Station
booked him on the charge of robbery
\V hen the case was called on Monday
morning it was found that the complaint
I nowhere to be found. Clerk Phil
kins could give no satisfactory ex
ation as to why so important adocu
t should be out of the custody of the
lar officers of the court. Judge Low
equally as uncommunicative rerard
he missing complaint. Every drawer
pigeonhole in and about the court
l was searched, but no sign of the
Ttant document was forthcoming,
make matters still worse the China
, Chew Sing, could not be found, al
gh there was a subpoena issued for
his appearance. Not to be undone by any
of the tricks of the "push," Captain Gll
len specially detailed Officers Reardon and
James A. Feeney to find the missing
Cliir.aman. This they succeeded in doing
after a hard struggle among the Mon
golian horde, at 51S Front street, where
he hangs out. The officers took Chew
blng to the prison yesterday afternoon
where he fully identified Smith as the one
who robbed l-.Jm. A new complaint will
be sworn out to-day and the loss of the
missing complaint will avail the highway
man with the "push" nothing as he will
now have to stand trial.
KILLED BY A FALL.
Gustave Wasker Lost His Balance
While Washing a Second-Story
Window.
\ Gustave Wasker, a Janitor, was instant
ly . kin ed >at 8:15 yesterday > morning .by
falling rom a second story t window of the
old Odd Fellows', building. 325 Montgomery
street. Wasker was occupied in cleaning
a. window ;< he ; lost his balance and fell to
the stone pavement. ■' ■
«* TT cade ad man !! ias 58 years old - a native
• ♦if ny> , and was married, ■.■ residing
KinSiU'Sif iS'hiffi Alabama street
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THTJHSDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1898.
FOLLOWED HER
LOVER TO THE
FROZEN NORTH
Mad Infatuation of a Married
Woman for a Kotzebue
Gold Hunter.
Mrs. Hermann Stowed Herself Away on the
Northern Light and Is Now a Cook
for Her Sweetheart.
The bark Northern Light got hack froro
Kctzi.-bue Bound yesterday. Sne is thj
first cf Lho fleet to return that left hero
for the gold fields on the Kubucl: River
five months ago. and tho people who
came bnck on her bring all kinds of
news. There are tales of disaster ond
tragedy, of Masted hopes and good for
tune; a love story with a problematical
ending, ana many sudden deaths. Of iho
1500 people who rushed to Kotzebue in
search of a fortune twenty-nine are sa'.d
to have lost their lives in the treacher
ous waters of the Kubuck River. Strange
to tay, not one of the men who came
down on the Northern Light can tell
the names of those who perished. All
they can tell is that a launch was sunk
in such and such a place; a landslide
covered a boat at another point on the
river, while yet another launch struck
a snag and went down with all hands.
Thoso who came back on the Northern
Light were: A. O. Liudsey, C. E. Gor
don. G. W. Pickett, J. G. Williams,
Charles Gleaves, C. T. Le Mare, Dr. E.
A. Robinson, H. Mather, \V. Scott, J.
Blumer, J. P. Larkin, T. Johnston, C. A.
Haehl, C. E. Watson, W. L. Rockwell,
A. L. Vincent, E. S. Guiterrez, L. E.
Easton, W. W. Gurgles, Captain W. F.
Johnston of the schooner Louisa D, L.
W. Johnston and Walter Johnston. Of
these L>r. Robinson and T. Johnston went
up on The Northern Light. They did not
like the prospects and returned. The
other passengers (148 all told) decided to
remain and try their luck. Mate Tilton
of the Northern Light asserts that not
more than seventy-rive gold hunters out
of the 15U0 who went up will return with
the fleet. Color was struck in a num
j ber of places, but nothing great. While
I tho Haynes party from Los Angeles were
; awaiting the arrival of their provisions
they bored down into the soil, and at the
lirst attempt brought up a nugget.
However, the love story comes first.
Charles W. Baumann was formerly a
member of the Pacific Coast Co-operative
Cigar Manufacturing Company. Whfle
living at the New Washington "Hotel he
formed the acquaintance of a Mrs. Her
mann, a handsome young married woman.
She iel! madly In love with "Charley,"
and finally made his life miserable with
her attentions. In order to escape her he
sold out his interest in the cigar fac
tory and quietly took passage on the bark
Alaska for Kotzebue. Everything was
kept very quiet, and Charley got away
without Mrs. Hermann knowing any
thing about it.
A few days after the Alaska had sailei
Mrs. Hermann discovered the flight of
her lover. She went to Captain White
side of the Northern Light and with
tears in her eyes told of her husband
having deserted her and their little child
in order to reach the new El Dorado.
She told of the sale of his business and
flight on the Alaska, and begged for a
passage to Kotzebue. Captain White
side made some inquiries on the outside
and refused the lovesick lady a passage.
Ho was not to get rid of her so easily,
however.
Three days after the Northern Light
got to sea it was reported to the captain
that the vessel was leaking. The pumps
were sounded, and Capain Whlteside
found the bark was making water fast.
The story of the three auger holes in the
bow of the ship and their location by
Mate Tilton has already been told exclu
sively in The Call, but his other find has
not yet been made public.
Stowed away in a snug little nest among
the cargo was Mrs. Hermann. She was
well supplied with food and water but
nearly dead from seasickness and her
cramped position. She told Captain
Whiteside when brought on deck that she
would kill herself if she was not taken
along. Once when Baumann tried to dis
card her she nearly killed him. so she
said, and twice she attempted suicide be
cause he would not love her with all his
heart and soul. Life held no pleasure for
her apart from Charley, so whether he
WELCH HAS NO USE
FOR THE CUBANS
THE OFFICER TELLS OF HIS EX
PERIENCE AT SANTIAGO.
Impressions of a California Soldier
' Narrated to the Ladies of the
Forum Club.
The Forum Club gave another charm
ing reception and entertainment yester
day in Sherman & clay Hall on Sutter
street, Mrs. F. L. Whitney presiding.
Mrs. J. P. Young received the members
and guests as they arrived. After the
regular business of the organization was
transacted Sidney Drew, the actor, read
an interesting paper upon his experience
at a benefit in a small theater in the West
End of London. He also recited a couple
of short poems, which were well appre
ciated. A cornet solo by Louis Harrison
received much applause. An interesting
address was given by Samuel Shortridge
on "The Late War With Spain,"in which
he advocated the holding of the Philip
pine Islands. Just before refreshments
were announced Lieutenant L. M. Welch
formerly of the Twenty-fourth United
States Infantry but now of the Twen
tieth, told of his experience before Santi
ago, Cuba.
Lieutenant Welch is the son of the well
known Dr. Welch of this city. The youne
man is a graduate of West Point, and at
the breaking out of the war he was with
his regiment at Fort Worth. Utah In
his address tho young soldier made no at
tempt at oratory, but told In an unaffect
ed manner of what he had seen and
heard His style of narration quickly
found favor with his audience. At times
the humorous side of army scenes was
presented in a way that shows that a sol
dier can appreciate fun as well as light
ing. His address took the form of a run
ning narrative of what happened from
the time his regiment broke camp to the
time that he was laid low on the battle
field of Santiago with that dread disease
yellow fever, which made his return to
civilization necessary. Of the movements
of the army, the quickness and dispatch
in doing things the lieutenant spoke in
the highest praise.
The reception of the soldiers at Tampa
Florida, ho Raid was nothing like that
given to those who came to San Fran
cisco. Here they were well cared for by
the citizens, but there they were regarded
as a legitimate prey. Prices were doubled
for all articles of trade, and it was not
long before shop-keepers who had pre
viously been barely making a living were
rolling in money and overbearing in man
ner.
For the Cubans proper Lieutenant
Welch has but little respect. They seem
to have but two ambitions— to steal and
eat, and to avoid work as though it was
another form of 'yellow jack."
In contrast to his opinion of the na
tives of Cuba the young officer has thr
highest respect for the army mule, which
is a hero, carrying ammunition and food
into the very heart of the fighting, liv
ing on what he could get, and never com
plaining. The conduct of the Spanish
sharpshooters j n disregarding all rules of
civilized warfare In shooting wounded
soldiers and Red Cross nurses was de
nounced by the American. It was a mat
ter of the deepest regret of Lieutenant
Welch that he should have»been attacked
liked ft or not Captain Whiteside had to
ta^e her along.
Now, the Alaska, although she left
before the Northern Light, had to step
at St. Lawrence Island -to build a river
boat. So the Northern Light was the
first to reach Kotzebue Sound. When
Charley stepped ashore, therefore, at the
new El Dorado, Mrs. Hermann was there
to greet him. Absence must have made
the heart grow fonder, for when the
Northern Light left the Sound twenty
eight days ago Mrs. Hermann had been
installed as cook of Charley's camp, and
■;ill went merry as a marriage bell."
Mrs. Hermann's husband and child are
still in San Francisco.
Mate Tilton of the Northern Light is
the man who performed the marvelous
feat of walking across Alaska in the dead
of winter with news from the imprisoned
whalers at Point Barrow. In talking
about the Kotzeuue Sound rush he said:
"Nearly all the people who went up
there will remain all winter. About
seventy-five men have got cold feet and
will come back wth ta»es of hard luck,
but I believe that many of those who
have remained behind will strike it rich.
The Haynes and Lane parties were satis
fied with the prospects. John Tallant of
the Tallant Banking Company and a
party of six went up the Buckland River
and I think will do well. Mr. Tallant was
in good health.
"A boat from the bark Mermaid, con
taining six men, capsized, and the men
were lost. -. search party was sent out,
but all that they recovered was the boat
and some of the men's clothing. Two
men from the steamer Grace Dollar were
making their way up the Kubuck River
in a boat when a landslide came down
anu covered the small craft. One o£ the
men escaped by jumping overboard, but
the other was buried. One launch was
run ashore and wrecked, another sank,
and her boilers were pulled out in trying
to raise her. Three or four were swamped
owir.g to overloading, and !n every in
stance the loss of the boat was attended
with the loss of life. Captain Weeks got
tlrrd of tne Mermaid venture and is com
ing down on the Jane A. Falkenberg, and
Captain Johnson of the Louisa D also
'reneged' on the game and came back
"The Jane A. Falkenberg, Catherine Sud
den, Mermaid, Alaska and Louisa D were
all at Kotzebue when .we left, but were
gt-tting ready for a start. Captain Cogan
was to go whaling in tho Alaska and will
not get home until November. The Mer
maid was to go to St. Michael and the
other vessels are coming to Pan Fran
cisco. The natives who came to San Fran
cisco from Point Barrow with, me are on
tnelr way up the Kubuck River with a
party sent out by the Liebes. Tiki was
born and raised in the Kotzebue country
and should be valuable to his party.
"On our way down we ran into a ter
rific storm, and the vessel was hove to un
der a 'goose winged' lower maintop sail
Z r se i* oral days. Many of the passen^r.s
thought their last day had come, but the
out old ship never took a pint of water
Peter Laflin, purser of the Northern
Light, was left behind at Kotzebue
bound. He went aphore to attend to some
private business, and a fair wind spring
ing up in the meantime the captain nut
to sea without him. Whiteside says that
under the same circumstance he would
not have waited for his mother. Latlln
will probably come, down on the Catherine
BUaden.
The passonegers. who came down on the
Northern Light say that there is no gold
in the Kotzebue Sound country Every
body, according to their statements "is
coming bacv. and provisions are cheaper
on the beach up there than they are in
ban Francisco. A number of people who
lost their outfits in the swamping of their
boats will be short of provisions during
the winter, but the others have enough
for all. The river steamer John Relllv
w . pn _ jn'rty miles beyond Fort Cosmos
with her passengers, but had not takon
all who went north on the Alaska and
Northern Light up the river when the tat
ter vessel left. The other vessels got their
passengers to their destination but no
work had been done and nothing will be
for certain about the country until next
w '?, £PS and P , eve nted from enjoy
ing: all of the experiences of the Cuban
campaign However, he had the satisfall
Santia o Present at the surrender of
KABSSA'3 PRETTY DAUGHTEB.
She Does Not Want to Be Married,
She Says.
She does not want to be married de
clares "Wadeha, the pretty daughter of
Abdullah Karssa, nor was she ever ask
ed or expected to peddle her father's
wares. Joseph Rahy, who is under ar
rest for disturbing the peace of her
father has been talking about her, and
she objects to his remarks.
If ,}\? deha were not so Pretty she
would have Icsb trouble with ardent suit
ors, but as it is she has them by the
score, and among them is a tailor who
employer! Rahy to do his courting. When
Rahy was denied the hand of the fair
Syrian for his friend, he began to make
remarks, and then getting bolder he made
threats. For that he was arrested He
paid the girl wanted to be married and
that her father refused to allow her
because he wanted her to peddle his
goods In the country. She denies this
She does not want to be married she
says, and if she did she is sure her
father would allow her to do so, and I
her father never asked her to peddle
his wares. He is very good to her she
says, and it was wicked of Rehy to speak
of her as he did.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians f or family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
RAILROAD COMMISSION.
Pullman Matters Laid Over and
Communications on Hand.
At the meeting of the Railroad Com
missioners yesterday afternoon the in
quiry into the affairs of the Pullman
Company with a view to enforce a re
duction of charges was postponed for two
weeks. The Commissioners are fortified
in their determination to press an inves
tigation by the number of communica
tions which they have received from par
ties in and out of the State,. The follow
ing Is a letter from Boston, and is a fair
representative of all the communications
received:
BOSTON. Mars., Sept. 16, 1898
To the State Board of Railroad Commission
ers of California: Inclosed clipping taken this
morning from a Boston paper. When a com
pany with a surplus nearly as large as their
capital, making big money every year, paying
fat dividends and adding to their surplus every
year also, employ the.r porters at \\Z to $25 per
month with the understanding, tacit IT not im
plied, that the public must tip them or not be
served, I think It Is time to coll a holt
Am glad you have taken this matter up, and
trust you will press it to a successful termina
tion. I wish every State in the Union would
follow suit.
I am not a socialist or anarchist, only a na
tive Bostonian, but I am weary of being among
those who are imposed upon by corporations
Yours very respectfully. D. W. KIMBALL,,
tl Advertiser building.
The Crescent City and Smith River
Railroad ask to be .allowed to raise the
freight charges from Crescent City to
Smith River bridge and Smith River to
(5 cents, and from Smith River to Burns
Camp and Crescent City and points be
tween. The former rate was 50 cents
The matter was referred to Commissioner
La Rue, in whose district the Crescent
City and Smith River RaJJroad operates
WHISKY AND
FORGETFULNESS
Mrs. Margaret Shields Makes a Bungling At
tempt at Suicide— Saved by Mrs. Botkin.
Thinks That Beacon Alone Should
t HALF of ten cents' worth of
l\ whisky" was the only com-
J~\ fort, the sole consolation, Mrs.
■*■ •*• Margaret Shields, the bungling
Incendiary, longed for yester
day. Her head ached, her body was
worn and tired and she suffered all
the pangs and physical tortures
that alcohol alone could assuage. A
small tumbler of- the coveted spirits
swallowed straight, surely and
steadily, with every evidence of
gratification, and the nerve-racked
woman lay back on her narrow
white cot to woo the sleep that had
persistently held aloof for nearly
ninety hours.
At 4 yesterday morning ;he fire
queen made a clumsy attempt tv
reach the shores of the "undiscov
ered country" by means of a hand
towel, which she had fastened firm
ly round her neck. The heavy
breathing of the would-be suicide
woke her cellmate. Mrs. Cordelia
Botkin, and she. with the matron,
Mrs. Casey, went to the sufferer's
assistance. Mrs. Shields was quickly
restored to this sphere of woe and
suffering and transferred to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where she rested
all day yesterday.
There is nothing attractive nor
prepossessing about the woman who
calmly admits that she committed
arson "to get money— the insurance
of course." The seriousness of the
charge against her, the awful crin.e
of which she is accused, leave her
cold, hard and indifferent as to the
grave punishment that raav ensue.
She appears to be thoroughly ir
responsible. Beacom lit the match
and, according to his accomplice,
Beacom is the guilty one. the man
to whom the rigid penalties for
arson are to be meted out.
In discussing her terrible crime,
Mrs bhields makes no attempt at
concealment. The facts, as she re
calls them, do not. impress her with
the full measure of their hideous
ness. "Beacom made a botch of it,"
she says and therein to the pris
oner lies the only crime.
She has no tears, no bewailings no
vain regrets. The thought of the
suffering of her children brings the
hard lines round her large coarse
mouth and her gray eyes snap de
fiance, as she mumblingly reiter
ates; I don't care about my chil
dren. They're old enough; let them
look out for themselves; they say
they will never see me again. May
be they are right. I don't care!"
It required no persuasion, no dip
lomatically administered coaxing to
induce Mrs. Shields to give her
crime in detail for publication
From Sunday night until Tuesday
evening, when she voluntarily sur
rendered herself, the woman wan
dered about the streets, and the
constant strain left her mind fagged
out. though her strong body was
comparatively fresh and rested It
was with difficulty that she kept her
attention to the point of her story
and the details of her offense were
Interpolated with groans of anguish
as she complainde about the terri
ble pain in her head.
'7, di^? ft t0 Set the insurance mon
ey, Mrs. Shields said. "Henry
Beacom and I had been talking it
over for more than seven months.
I he house was Insured for $2100, and
Beacom was to receive $100 and all
the furniture if he made a good job
of It. If not, he was only to get
the furniture. Bcacom was build
ing a house and he wanted my man
tel and folding doors very much for
his place; so he carried them away
"Two weeks before the fire wo
took Beacom's wife into our confi
dence. First she objected, but grad
ually we won her around, and on
Saturday night when we carried
out the furniture she lent us her
assistance. My. how we worked in
all that rain. Beacom gave us one
dollar, and we went and bought
some whisky to keep up our cour
age. Beacom took an ax and a
hammer to break off the mantel
shelf, and his wife handed him the
tools while I held the light. Lillie
Mullins knew all about the fire, but
she would not help us. She cried
and begged us not to do it.
THE CHINESE SLAVES.
Twenty-Three Remanded for the
Present to the Custody of
the Missions.
Of the twenty-six Chinese slaves ar
rested by Federal officers in the raid last
Tuesday three were released yesterday on
the presentation of the registration cer
tificates by their putative husbands. The
remaining twenty-three were taken before
United States District Judge de Haven
and identified. The Judge ordered that
pending their examination they should be
confined in the Presbyterian Chinese Mis
sion Home on Sacramento street and ihe
Methodist Mission Home on Washington
street.
The women were taken from the court
room to two express wagons in waiting
before the Sansome-street entrance to the
Appraiser's building, and Into these they
were loaded.
One of the women is a slave dealer and
will be prosecuted for that offense.
Mrs. Fennell's Suit Filed.
Mrs. Amanda J. Fennell, through her
The facsimile /tf± J s>sZ-^~ m . * oaevery wrapper
signature of v \*a&Z7c&c&te of CASTOBIA.
Suffer.
"Beacom got the cans of coal oil,
opened them up with an ax and put
the match to it. I never set them
off; so you see he is the puilty one.
We put the cans on the side of the
house because I did not wish to
harm the neighbors. There is no
body hurt, so I don't see where is
all the harm.
"I needed the insurance money to
make up for my losses at the race
track. I got to going on 'ladies'
free day,' lost money and went
again to try and get it back."
Mrs. Shields told her story with
many interruptions, in which she
piteously begged for "a half of 10
cents' worth of whisky" to put her
to sleep. "If I had the whisky I
know I could go to sleep," she
said. "The trouble with me is that
I am crazy, but I am not so crazy
that I don't know it."
Of her attempted suicide Mrs.
Shields declares that she remem
bers nothing-. "When I left my
home on Sunday night," .she ex
plained, "I went hunting for the
bay to drown myself. Finally I met
Mrs. McLnuerhlln" and asked -her
where the bay was, and she brought
me here to the prison."
On the promise of a potion of
whisky Mrs. Shields sat up in bed,
turned her ■ face to the light and
let the artist make a sketch of her.
"All the ladies on the hill," she
said, "have had their pictures in
the paper." .
The coveted whisky was brought.
Mrs. Shields took it, sighed a deep,
contented sigh and tears gathered
in her stupid eyes— the only tears
that moistened them during the
entire interview; tears of content
ment for the pleasure the whisky
afforded her.
Without the knowledge or consent
of Fire Marshal Towe Mrs. Shields
was taken before the Insanity Com
missioners yesterday morning for
examination. Dr. Wadsworth.ques
tioned the woman at some -.* length
and announced that '■ he could not
discover any evidence of insanity,
although she was undoubtedly labor-
Ing under mental excitement and
exhaustion.
■ At this point Judge Hebbard asked
If the woman was charged with any
offense, and on being told that there
was a charge of arson pending
against her ordered further proceed
ings stopped. -
"This is a matter for the trial
Judge and a jury to pass upon," he
said. "The woman is charged with
a felony and must ; stand trial. - It
is for a jury to decide whether she is
a responsible person."
That ended the - examination, and
Mrs. Shields was taken back to the
hospital.' r,:
Henry Beacons, the alleged accom
plice of Mrs. Shields in setting fire
to the Virginia-avenue house was
taken before Police ; Judge Mogan
' yesterday for preliminary examina
tion. Mrs. Shields was not in court
but Attorney Meredith, the law
partner of Judge Evans, Mrs.
Shields' attorney, asked for a con
tinuance for a week owing to the
absence ; from the city of Judge
Evans. "It was only fair that the
woman s interests . should be •< pron
erly. looked after during the examin
ation, ' he said "and for that reason
he asked for the continuance. Judge
Mogan granted the request and set
the hearing for a week from Friday
afterflxing the bail in both cases ,
Beacom and Mrs. Shields will only
be prosecuted on the charge of arson ,
in ; the , second . degree. . v( It > would be :
necessary.- to prove that somebody !
was in the building when it was fired •■■
whose life was in' danger.- in order to '
make a first-degree charge hold and ;
there was nobody in the house so !
far as Marshal Towe can learn
The penalty for arson in the sec- '
pnd degree is imprisonment for not I
years U ° ne ' nol> more ; **»? ; "en ■ >
♦ ? /. iS fi PI bab that ißeacom will be !
tried first and the woman used as a
witness f against - him. If she a^ds in !
convicting him she will llkofy escaie !
with a comparatively light sentence !
attorneys : Dunne & HcPikP «i /i
for- a divorce from her • huSinfl SUlt
M. Fennell, yesterday mS^ 3 ' G Gerald, erald
leges that her husband desm?,'" aU
abandoned her in November of 1 * n( \
has^Bince failed to contribute °to su^
Lurlinc Salt Water B«ffc«
Boeh and Larkln sts Swimmi- r.
">* cow tub b.»h». Ai t ys!!fega's^
POPTTLAB WITH SOLDIEBS.
There was the usual fun at th« to
Comedy Theater last nSht and „
■; Colonel * Berry of : the . Seventh V CaHfor
Tnto th?ThT t a^ aU h ' 8 °«'efs n?ac ff h OO ce r d
into the theater just before the risine of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR
• . . /VIND . . .
NEFF!
"The coin that pays the unearned salary of a
kin? is none too Rood to pay the well-earned
wapes of an American laborer."— Henry T.
Gage.
U. S. SENATOR
GEORGE C. PERKINS,
HON. HENRY T. GAGE
HON. JACOB H. NEFF,
Republican Nominees for Gover-
nor* and Lieutenant-
Governor,
WILL ADDRESS THE PEOPLE
AT ■
WOODWARD'S PAVILION
VALENCIA AND FOURTEENTH STS.,
ON
SATURDAY EVENING, Oct. Ist
CAMPAIGN SONGS by the CALIFORNIA
GLEE CLUB and the WATERMAN
SISTERS.
frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman Republican Executlva
Committee.
E. C. HART. Secretary-
3 - DAY SPECIALS I
More popular every week
grow these Three-day Saving
Sales. No economical house-
keeper should miss them.
BUTTER, per Ib 25c
Finest Elgin Creamery.
TOMATO CATSUP, pint bot 15c
"Ideal" Brand— nothing better.
Regular price 20c.
ORANGE BLEND, Ib ,21c
Made from selected
Oranges, Lemons and Sugar-
Very delicious.
Regular price 25c.
WHITE WINE, gal 4k
Well aged— rich, full flavor.
Regular price 'he.
MALT VINEGAR, qt. bot 29c
Manufactured from cure
malt hy H. J. H«inz Co.. Plttsburr. Pa.
Regular price 25c.
McBRAYER WHISKEY, bot We
Bottled ln bond — pure.
Regular price $1 25.
21 STOCKTON ST., |3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Near Market. Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West IS2.
Catalogue free. Mail orders solicited.
|88888388888888888388888888858888888 i
fj CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. *J
•o is
S8 %$ _ 88
88 f|«^f^t %Tf£ 88
23 'M jl-C ''^r^ 88
® I o h"S 88
88 > i^SSR^r ip
ss |LJ|d^p<L h a
| Here's a Bit of Comfort— g
g3 Which we shall use as a sort of bribe 85
S3 to get you better acquainted with us— o»
8? WHITE ENAMELED M 88
g IRON BEDS -- - - $0.75 *
88 THEY ARE THE STRONG " "V 88
88 HEALTHY KIND. if SS
05 This Week v*> Special at -r . ~[
og Our prices, whether cash of 11 ttle-at-a- p.
time, are lower than those of cash •*
85 houses. j»
a;! J. NOON «
88 Complete House-Furnisher, SS
88 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., SS
88 Above Sixth. £S
S3 'Phone South 14. Open Evening* j»
.8 88888888 8 8 8888 88 8..
ISO PAINI ISO PAIN!
,^jß>t^ Lowest Prices la th» City!
&£f " GUARANTEED.
i&SL ■ TEETH "WITHOUT
■£*£$ ,jc/&t fgV - PLATES A SPECIALTY.
"Sir »§^ w4 Full . Set of Teeth, ex-
'XjT yV I . tractlng free..s4^O up
'/ jfiwSSL Gold Crowns, 22! c.. _.....
f^Fl^Si^K^s.; Fillings 250 up
W^^^^^ ELECTRO-DENTAL
yi^t^X'fcfciL//^* Suite 7. Flood Bulldlnr.
/^~ ..^^ " SO9 MARKET ST.
Office Hit.- 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun.. 9 to 3 p.m.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET,
, Telephone South 24.
Dealer and Importer of all brands of COKE.
Yards at HOWARD AND BEALE STS.
• NOTICE!
Dissolution of Copartnership Sale ;
T^Sr^ O! ARCH SHOE CO ' store" will *»
CLOSED TO-DAY AND FRIDAY to mark
down goods. - -
SALE BEGINS SATURDAY. October 1, 9 s.
ildi Mar ket street, opposite Odd Fellows'
building. - "' *rnii i|iuiii «i7iiiinr)iM^)itiiiim
1 WATCH OUR BARGAINS.
K?g| DR ' HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
: BbßT^hH Five hundred reward for any casa J
: jTl^S" 111 s we cannot cure. This secret remedy "
a ■,;•_" '■* H stops all losses : in 24 1 hours. - cures
|K3 BfO Emissions, Impotency. Varleoc^le,
I iTiPI ffKl Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Sirictures,
aeal MtiLi Lost Manhood and a!! wasting ef.
-.' In tects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■■HSHfiaS sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles, $5: guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. £55 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. = Also -
for sale at . 1073H Market ' St., S. F. All ■ pri- ;
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.