VOLUME LXXXIT.-NO 109.
PHILIPPINE GENERAL ASSEMBLY
DULY OPENED BY AGUINALDO
Message of Thanks to
Nations Read by the
Dictator.
Filipinos Relate Stories of Horri
ble Tortures Inflicted by Span
iards at Iloilo.
MANILA, Sept. 16.— The Philippine
General Assembly was inaugurated at
Malolos yesterday with great enthusi
asm. There were thousands of visitors
from the provinces and a great display
was made. Aguinaldo, at 9 o'clock in
the morning, entered the hall of the
convent recently occupied by the Span
ish local Governor. It is an extremely
plain r<>om, adorned only with some re
ligious pictures. The insurgent leader
v..is In evening dress, according to the
Spanish custom* The others were in
ordinary costumes.
Aguinaldo was received with cheers
and also with cries of "Viva America!"
by the large frowd of natives inside
and outside the hall. He read a de
er- convening the members, who in
,l several Spaniards. He next
a message eulogizing the army
and thanking the friendly nations
which had set the historical example
of liberty and had assisted a denvn
: n race.
Continuing, Aguinaldo urgently and
• otly exhorted the assembly to
"follow the noblest principles," and in
. the "spirits of the martyred Fili
plnos."
The Assembly then adjourned for the
day.
A Spanish dele-gate suggested that
business be resumed in the afternoon,
but a Filipino objected and accused
the Spaniard of attempting to under
mine the constitution. To this the
Spaniard replied that he was a sincere
republican and that his only desire
was the welfare of the country. There
upon the Filipino apologized and the
lin^s termini
During the afternoon many Ameri
cans and Europeans arrived and Aguln
k.^ot busy recjglvjmj visitors,
ling the American Go sul.
The i nrrespondent of the Associated
Press had a private interview with
Agulnaklo, who is extremely unwilling
mpromise himself with the na
ffe said that a majority of the
Filipii 08 had been struggling fur free
dom for years and cpnturk-s, and that
they now believe that their object Uaa
b'--r. attained. Apulnaldo professed
entire ignorance of the autonomous
system Id vogue in the British colonies,
of pr tea and of American State
autonomy. He said he was unable to
understand th* 1 idea and only under
pin nl "absolute independence." Per
sonally h<? said a protectorate for the
Philippine Islands was necessary, but
h<> feared that the people would be dis
appointed in this. He had not studied
political economy an<l knew nothing
about the various forms of government.
Ho inquired whether Australia was an
American colony, and said he had never
h<-:ird of a Malay protectorate. Con
tinuing:, the insurgent leader said there
wns no need of protection for the Phil
lppine Islands, because the Filipinos
"i\ ere able to cope with any army. He
admitted that he had never seen a for
eign army, with the exception of the
garrisons at Hongkong and Singapore,
and he had never seen these troops on
parade.
Aguinaldo declined to discuss the
American army and protested his un
dying gratitude to the Americans.
He said thoy come to the Philippines
to fight the Spaniards only, and now
that they had finished the task it was
to be expected that they would return
to America. He was unwilling to be
lieve that the Americans would demand
a reward for an act of humanity, and
he declined to admit the necessity of a
quid pro quo.
The Filipino leader expressed himself
confident that the newly founded Gov
ernment would build a navy ultimately.
In the meantime, he said, the great na
tions should protect and aid a young
nation, instead of grabbing her terri
tories. If the Americans should refuse
to withdraw, the national assembly, he
said, must decide the policy to be pur
sued — a policy which he declined to
forecast.
Further conversation was prevented
by the strains of a brass band, but Gen
eral Acuinaldo was interviewed also by
a dozen American Journalists and one
Japan^F".
A Spaniard, supposed to be an officer
In civilian attire, traversed the town,
sneering at and denouncing the princi
pal Filipinos. On his resenting a friend
ly remonstrance he was placed under
arrest.
Feverai Filipinos assure the corre
spondent that they have personally
witnessed horrible tortures at Illoilo—
the feet of natives held to a candle
flame for hours, electric currents ap
plied to the most sensitive parts of the
body and variously unnamable atroci
ties—all intended to fxtort confessions.
This is scarcely credible, but there are
numerous- allowed witnesses of such
outrages, and several who show scars
of recent origin and unhealed. Some
say they escaped only through bribing
the Spanish officials.
It is natural that there should be a
yearning: for revenpe upon the Spanish
prisoners at Malolos, but these are not
maltreated. The correspondent saw
several who were at perfect liberty,
having peaceful employment and ap
parently quite content to remain.
NO MORE TROOPS
NEEDED AT MANILA
"WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— The fol-
The San Francisco Call
lowing dispatches were received to-day
from General Otis:
MANILA, Sept 16.— Adjutant General,
Washington: In my opinion, based upon
present indications, no further force is
required here. Insurgent leaders in poli
tics and army are in an excitable frame of
mind, but the better portion are amenable
to reason and desire to make an approved
reputation before the civilized world.
OTIS, Commanding.
MANILA, Sept. 16.— Adjutant general,
Washington: I telegraphed the situation
briefly yesterday. The insurgents have
ceded to our demand and have evacuated
the entire city of Manila, except for a
small force in one of the outlying dis
tricts. No difficulty is anticipated and no
concessions have been made to them.
They express a strong desire to maintain
friendly intercourse with the United
States Government in all particulars.
They organized Congress .Thursday at
Malolos, twenty miles north of this city,
to frame a plan of goveranment. Manila
is very quiet. The . military government
is being perfected gradually, and a large
force is policing and cleansing the city.
The health of the command is satisfac
tory. Trade and commerce are active
Treasury receipts since August 14, $54 ,000,
Mexican current money. The Philippine
monthly expenses will aggregate at least
$350,000, nearly one-half being required to
subsist Spanish prisoners. It is believed
that the receipts will largely exceed the
expenditures. Tariffs and "duties have
been imposed as directed by the President
on July 12, but received in the currency
of the country as on a gold basis they
would almost double the former Spanish
duties. The . United States laws are ap
plied to the admission of Chinese and
opium. Sales of licenses for lotteries and
other pastimes opposed to public morals
are discontinued. OTIS, Commanding.
PROMPT EVACUATION OF
PORTO RICO PROMISED
Special cable to The. Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett. . .
SAX JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Sept.
16- — Rapid progress is being made by
the conimi.«s:'cm, which is r.ov,- holding
daily sessions. So far comparatively
little friction has occurred between the
representatives of the two nations.
When it is seen that differences are
likely to arise over any matter the dis
cussion is postponed. This has resulted
well. In several cases Informal diseus
sii-n has smoothed over differences that
might have caused much hard feeling
had the Americans insisted upon imme
diate and formal settlement. So far the
commission has given little attention
to anything save the manner of evacu
ation of the island.
To-day an agreement was practically
reached to begin the withdrawal of
Spanish troops within three days. The
cities of Lares, San Sebastian and
Aguadilla, all in the northwestern part
Of the island, will be evacuated before
the troops leave the center or eastern
portions of Porto Rico. As the Spanish
withdraw from Arecibo the Americans
will occupy the towns, assuming gov
ernmental responsibility. Points along
the military rdtid will probably be the
last evacuated. To prevent congestion
of troops in San Juan the Spaniards
will retain control of this city until the
last soldiers have embarked, when Gen
eral Macias will formally relinquish
power and deliver the government and
public buildings and property to' the
Americans. Vague reports have been
heard of the rapid spread of yellow
fever among the American troops. The
authorities are suppressing the facts
ami are taking extraordinary precau
tions to prevent a spread of the scourge.
PEACE COMMISSIONERS
LEAVE WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— The Peace
Commissioners, with the exception of
Senator Gray, -who is expected to join
the party at New York to-morrow, left
Washington at 4 o'clock this afternoon
without any ceremonies. The Commis
sioners were accompanied by a staff
of attaches and Savoy, the faithful
and trusted messenger, who has stood
guard at the doors of the Secretaries
and Assistant Secretaries of State for
years, and who in Paris will still be on
guard at the doors of the rooms which
the Commissioners will take up as their
headquarters. Before leaving the State
Department Secretary Day held a re
ception and said farewell to all of the
employes individually.
Captain Bradford, chief of the Bu
reau of Equipment of the Navy De
partment, was notified at the last min
ute that the President desired his at
tendance upon the Commissioners at
Paris in the capacity nf an expert, for
no one in the United States navy is so
well informed as this officer as to the
needs of the navy in the matters of
coaling and naval stations. He will fol
low the Commissioners on the next
steamer.
BELIEVES THAT MANY
VESSELS FOUNDERED
Captain of a Norwegian Steamer
Tells of a Hurricane Off the
Windward Islands,
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Sept. IC.-The
hurricane which swept the Windward Isl
p.nds on Saturday last was encountered
on Sunday morning by the Norwegian
Steamship Avon. Captain Fro3tad states
that the barometer indications show
ed what was coming before the storm
struck the vessel, and he was, therefore
not unprepared to meet it, but it was
necessary to heave the vessel to to avoid
serious consequences.
The storm sprang up from the south
east on Sunday and lasted until the next
day. when there was an intermission and
.'i dead calm lasting for six hours. After
that the hurricane returned with renewed
vigor.
Captain Frostad believes that many ves
sels foundered and will never be heard
from.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 189§.
CENTRAL FIGURES IN THE BOTKIN EXTRADITION CASE.
COMPLETES
TERMS OF
PROTOCOL
Spain's Queen Regent Sips
the Decrees Ceding
Territory,
Sllvela Denounces Sagasta and De
clares That the Premier's
Downfall Is Now Fast
Approaching,
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, b- James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID. Sept. 16.— Silvela is out on
the warpath in a long interview pub
lished in the liberal. He attacks Sa
gasta, denouncing him, and stating
that there only remains the period till
the signing of the peace treaty before
Sagasta falls. The latter, from what
we hear, is by no means of the same
opinion. He talks confidently of being
in power in the summer of the coming
year, and his enemies are so upset by
his latest tactics that they are simply
helpless.
This afternoon the Queen Regent
signed the decrees ceding territory to
the United States. This, according to
the laws of Spain, makes complete the
terms of the protocol. Leon de Castillo
took dejeuner with the Queen Regent,
and started this evening for Paris. For
reasons of state easily comprehensible
to diplomatists he remains at his post
there. Sagasta's opponents, as soon as
they managed to catch their breath,
after the sensational political gymnas
tic feat of Sagasta, hurried in haste to
their respective resting places in order
to quietly reflect upon the sandbagging
process under which they have fallen.
General Weyler has gone to Pa-ima
and Robledo has gone to his sugar fac
tory in Andalusia. The firebrand,
Conde d'Almenas, has gone to Portu
gal. We are in an interregnum, and
until the Cortes is convoked to ratify
the findings of the Paris commission
there will be no animation here.
NEXT THE INVESTIGATION
OF CONDUCT OF THE WAR
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The Wash
ington corespondent of the Herald tel
egraphs: President McKinley, having
started the Peace Commission on its
way to Paris, will now turn his atten
tion to completing the commission to
Investigate the conduct of the war. It
was told at the White House to-day
that the President expects to be able to
announce the entire personnel of the
commission to-morrow. Lieutenant
General Schofield reached Washington
this morning, and after a
conference with the President said he
would withhold his decision until to
morrow. It is understood that General
Schofield has practically decided to
serve, and he will be designated as
chairman of the commission. Two other
names are under consideration in con
nection with membership on the
commission. One is James B. Eustis,
formerly United States Senator from
Louisiana and Embassador to France
during the second administration of
Mr. Cleveland. The other name sug
gested Is John R. McLean of Ohio, edi
tor and proprietor of the Cincinnati
Enquirer. It Is understood that both
of these gentlemen have been requested
by the President to serve, and have
asked until to-morrow. It is the desire
of the President to have the commis
sion consist of nine members.
Six acceptances are already In the
hands of the President, so that if Gen
eral Schofleld, Mr. Eustis and Mr. Mc-
Lean consent to serve the commission
will be assembled early next week in
this city. The President is anxious
that the commission shall enter upon
its duties with as little delay as pos
sible. It is proposed, should the com
mission consist of time members, to di
vide it into three sub-committees, to
proceed separately with the investiga
tion of the subsistence, quartermaster
and medical departments. Each sub
committee will report to the full com
mission, and then a report to the Presi
dent will be framed. It is contended
that by dividing the work into three
parts it will be expedited and results
equally as good will be obtained.
The personnel of the committee when
completed will probably be: General
Schofield, Dr. W. W. Keen of Phila
delphia, Evan P. Powell of Georgia, D.
C. Gilman of Maryland, General James
A. Sexton of Illinois, Charles Denby,
former Minister to China, General
Granville M. Dodge, James D. Eustis
of New York and John R. McLean of
Ohio. If Messrs. Eustis and McLean
should decline to serve, the commission
will probably be organized with seven
members. The President intends to
have the committee enter the investiga
tion before all interest in the war dis
putes dies out.
Constable Matthews' Trial.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— The trial of Con
stable John Matthews for the murder of
Henry Hopken, set for Monday, has been
continued to October 3.
CONSTITUTION WILL NOT PERMIT
EXTRADITION OF MRS. BOTKIN
UNCLE SAM
TRYING TO
AVERT WAR
Efforts to Induce Chile and
Argentina to Submit to
Arbitration.
But the Two Nations Continue to
Prepare for Hostilities in Order
to Settle Their Bound
ary Dispute.
NEW YORK, Sept 16.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: It de
veloped to-day that the United States
has usec 1 . its influence with Chile and
Argentina to avoid a conflict which
seems almost inevitable. In accordance
with instructions sent by Secretary
Day, the American Ministers at Santi
ago and Buenos .Ayres have submitted
to the Chilean and Argentina govern
ments the hope of the President of the
United States that they will not resort
to war to determine the boundary dis
pute existing between them, but that
they will, in accordance with the proto
col signed by their representatives,
submit their cases to the arbitration of
the Queen of Great Britain.
The authorities are hopeful that this
representation will have a beneficial
effect upon the temper of the two gov
ernments, and that a satisfactory
agreement will be reached which will
permit the submission of their cases
to the British Government for decision
of the Queen without further difficulty.
It was recently learned that agents
of Chile are gathering all the informa
tion possible regarding the lessons
taught by the late war with Spain,
with a view to profiting by the expe
rience of the American and Spanish
ships. The agents of Argentina are
also busy in securing technical infor
mation and both nations are training
their men with all possible expedition
in order that the highest efficiency in
gunnery may be obtained.
Prosecution, However, Is
Allowed Time to Per
fect Papers.
Chief Lees Becomes the Butt of
the Jocular Lawyers for
the Defense.
The arguments in the matter of the j
extradition of Mrs. Cordelia Botkin,
Charged with the poisoning of Mrs. Dun
ning and Mrs. Deane at Dover, Del., were
concluded for the time being yesterday. |
Governor Budd declared the papers in the j
case defective, there being no complaint
attached, and allowed the prosecution two j
weeks in which to repair the defect.
He held out no hope to the prosecution
that he would grant extradition even j
when the proper papers were presented.
On the contrary, he intimated broadly :
that the constitution of the United States I
would not countenance such an act on '
hfs part. The constitution lays down the ;
requirement that before a person can be
extradited from a State in which he is :
found it must appear that he has lied \
from the State demanding his extradition.
He must be a fugitive from justice from j
the demanding State. This is an impera- i
tive requirement of constitutional law.
In this case It is conceded that Mrs. J
Botkin was never in the State of Dela
ware, consequently she has never fled
from that State and is not a fugitive from ;
justice. It was apparent to any person '
attending the proceedings before Governor
Budd that he would not grant the request I
of Governor Tunnell for the extradition j
of Mrs. Botkin.
The officers engaged in the prosecution
showed their discomfiture throughout the
proceedings. The decisions of all the
courts in the land were against them, and
they could not stem the tide. Chief Lees
could not be suppressed. He interfered
with Assistant District Attorney Hos
mer's presentation of the case to snch an
extent that the laUer finally turned away
In disgust. The attorney? for the defense
fairly baited the aged policeman for over
two "hours, muc",. to the amusement of
the persons present at the proceedings.
The Chief fumed and sputtered and used
extraordinary grammar, blissfully igno
rant that he was the butt of such clever
men as Knight, Heggerty and other?.
Governor Budd said that if Mrs. Botkin
is ever tried In this State it must be on
the charge of depositing poisoned candies
In the mail. The ext-eme penalty fcrtnis
crime is twelve years in the penitentiary.
The persistent efforts of Chief of Po
lice Lees to make paramount his piebald
ideas and misconceptions of the law of
the land and of that regulating inter
state extradition pnrticularly Induced
two hours of hot and oftentimes acri
monious debate. Did the defense quote
a reference antagonistic to the Chief, the
sputtering Isaiah was on his feet and ve
hemently interrupting with his own con
struction. Did Mr. Hosmer arprue con
trariwise to the astute captain's badly
dashed ideas his august coat-tails were
promptly plucked and Governor Budd was
obliged to dodge another wad of Lees'
amusing irrelevancy.
Frank McGowan closed the argument
for the defense, in which he pointed out
the law and the conclusions that lead to
the fact that his client was a fugitive
from no State, and that as a constructive
fugitive she cannot be legally proceeded
against. . . . . ..
The close of his argument brought forth
from the Governor a question regarding
the now familiar Hall case. The answer
of McGowan was anticipated by the Chief,
who sputtered, "Your honor, I know all
about the Hall case— it has beat me sev
eral times." "And it will again," inter
jected Mr. Heggerty.
"Just one minute, Captain Lees, said
the Governor.
"But I want to talk!" yelled Lees.
"There was a dissenting opinion in that
Hall case. Two of them Judges decided
that Hall should be taken back across
the line to Tennessee, where the man that
was shot lived, and they were right.
Them other three Judges wasn't worth a
whoop."
Just what vicinage that whoop was
supposed to come from Lees did not say,
but his argument had its effect— the Gov
ernor smiled.
Mr Hosmer did not agree with his col
league's argument, though he did with
th" idea, and ill-feeling was so apparent
that McGowan chipped in with. "There
seems to be a difference of opinion be
tween Chief of Police Hosmer and Dis
trict Attorney Lees," and a laugh re-
Governor Budd then told of the fine le
gal points involved in the Botkin c*se.
Among these was the point whether the
prosecution thought it could ta*e Mrs.
Botkin out of State Prison and send her
to Delaware to stand trial on the charge
of murder. He held that the laws of this
State would not permit, adding that he
must execute the laws as he found them,
which was pretty hard on California, He
held that the crime in the Dunning case
was consummated here and that the poi
soner must be punished here. Should he
send this woman East and she escape
Eunishment there, he might never get
er back, he said. _
Mr. Hosmer was enlightening the Gov
ernor on certain points when George
Knight proffered a suggestion. This an
gered Mr. Hosmer, who exclaimed an
grily: "How many are going to talk at
once?"
"I only want to offer a suggestion,"
ventured Knight.
"j don't want Knight's suggestions, and
I don't like these interruptions." Mc-
Gowan tried to smooth over the heated
discussion, but hostilities were resumed a
moment after, when Hosmer tried to find
an authority and as he was taking some
time over it Mr. Heggerty tried to offer
a suggestion. He was shut off by Hos
mer. The latter went on with his search
and was interrupted several times. Final
ly the Governor suggested that Heggerty
be allowed to speak. Hosmer's face as
sumed such a pained expression that the
genial chief executive smiled and said:
"Go on, John; I am waiting on you!"
The Governor then statM that the main
fact in the case under consideration, of
which proof was required, was "who
mixed and sent the poisoned candy?" He
showed that all other matters at issue
could easily be proved. He also showed
that the most important facts of the case
all occurred here. The logical sequence
of the case was to try the prisoner h^re.
and if it could be shown that she com
mitted felony in sending poisoned eardy,
no one could complain if she were taken
to Delaware and tried for the graver of
fense.
Her trial in Delaware would require all
the witnesses to be in attendance. The
majority of them are here. If she were
to be tried In this city it would rpquire
the presence of but one witness to prove
the facts that have developed in Dela
ware. It is also a fact that the principal
witnesses In Delaware are relatives of
the dead women, and they naturally have
an Interest In the case.
"Witnesses here." continued the Gover
nor, "would hesitate before going to
Delaware to stay possibly a year, to the
injury of business Intfrests here. Does
any one think that the defendant could
§et the mass of witnesses she desired un
er these conditions?"
The Governor then asked that a com
plete list of witnesses be complied for
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
him. He drew out trie fact that ten of
the witnesses are in Delaware, while
twenty-eight are here.
"I don't find one point on which I can
consider this extradition. Murder never
outlaws, nor does an indictment, and I
would suggc-st that .she can be tried in
this State upon a charge of mixing poi
son with food. The proof of guilt in the
charge I mention would prove her guilty
of the murder. "She could then be par
doned and extradited to Delaware."
He told Lees that the defense was forc
ing him to bring about the prisoner's
trial in this State, and, judging from the
condition into which he had got his case,
they would certainly succeed.
Governor Budd's question indicated the
stand he has taken on the matter of ex
tradition when the person has not been
in the State demanding possession of him.
This is strongly shown in the following
dialogue:
Governor Budd— lf you once establish
the proposition that a resident of Cali
fornia could be taken to New York or
Alabama, or to any other State when ho
had never been In that State before, what
would be the result upon defendants?
Where would they have process for their
witnesses? Who would protect them be
cause th*y are presumed to be innocent?
Where would the matter stop when all a
Governor couli. look at would be first an
indictment, and he could not go beyond
the indictment— not a bit beyond the in
dictment, and an allegation that he did
commit the crime? Now suppose, sir,
you were indicted for murder committed
in New York. Would not that indictment
for murder be stronger than all the com
plaints and all of the affidavits you could
produce to me?
Mr. Hosmer— ln all probability, yes.
Governor Budd— Very good. I would
have to transport you to that State,
though you had a thousand witnesses in
this State that could prove that at the
time you were locked up in the State
prison or some other institution. I could
not consider whether you were guilty or
innocent of this crime. The indictment
overcomes the presumption of innocence,
for a great many purposes as you under
stand, and is stronger than any com
plaint, and all 1 would have to do would
be to turn back.
Mr. Hosmer— Exact] \ .
Governor Budd— What would that lead
to? If I could get an indictment from the
Grand Jury in San Francisco against
Grover Cleveland I could bring him out
here and break him— put him to trial and
trouble, and nobody would be liable, he
cause the Grand Jury could not be prose
cuted, and* you could" not «.•— «. which of all
the witnesses had done it.
"These extradition papers must be cor
rected, as they are of no use in their
present form, with no semblance of a
complaint against the prisoner," said the
Governor. "I want her punished if she is
guilty, if she can be proved guilty. You
must first establish the fact whether she
mixed the poison or not. As the matter
stands you can only get the matter be
fore the Supreme Court if I refuse to act
In the matter. The prosecution could
then mandamus me. Being a lawyer I
would decline to play any such part. I
might do so, but I don't want to write
myself down an ass."
Then said Governor Budd: "Mr. Hos
mer, have you ever read Hawley's work
on extradition:
"I have.'
"What do you think of it?"
"I do not think I am competent to
judge."
• Well, I always consult It. Listen to
this:
A man In Ohio may commit the crime of
obtaining- money by false pretenses In the State
of New York without having left the State of
Ohio. The false pretenses may oonaist In false
representations as to his financial and business
responsibility. They may be made in letters
written and mnlk<l in Ohio and delivered In
New York to the person to whom addressed.
The person In New York rplyinj? upon the falsa
pretenses delivers the property to the carrier
!n New York. The carrier in New Yf"#fc Is the
apent of th« man In Ohio to receive *c prop
erty and delivery to the carrier is delivery to
him. In the case supposed the crime is com
mitted In New York and is punishable there.
But the one who committed it cannot be ex
tradited to New York, because not having been
personally present In New York when he com
mitted the crime he did not flee from there.
Lees then told of an eraradition case in
which he played a prominent part in
ante-bellum days and which nearly re
sulted in a tragedy. There was a law per
taining to slaves as chattels. A negro
came here and went on board a ship.
The doughty Chief, armed with requisition
papers, went on board. The negro
clambered into a boat at the ship's E'de
and Lees jumped in after him, going
through the bottom of the boat. "I got
him," said the Chief. "But you didn't
drown," quoth Budd sadly. Heggerty
tried to prove by the Code that the
Chief's case was a relic of ante-bellum
days when slaves were chattels, but
Lees shouted angrily. "You wait till I get
through talking. And Heggerty waited.
The Chief continued a self-sustained con-
versation.
Knight then demanded that the Gover
nor decide at once the question of Mrs.
Botkin being a fugitive, "as she is and
has been since August 23 in jail. He sug
gested that the Governor do as the Ger
man did. take the case under advisement
for two weeks and decide at once for the
defendant. He said It was an injustice
to Mrs. Botkln to keep her in jail two
weeks longer.
"We have, time after time," he sad,
"consented to the prosecution's delays
because they had not had time to pre
pare their case. And now they ask for
two v. eeks more so that they may have
time to get a legal complaint and a legal
warrant to hold her on."
"We've got one now, a ."varrant any
how." shouted the shaking Isaiah
"No you haven't," retorted Knight.
"You've" held her all along by means of
a subterfuge."
"I've got a warrant from Judge Joach
imsen," replied Lees.
"But not based on a charge."
"It is, too; we've charged her with
murder."
"Yes," laughed Knight, "got a war
rant in a California court for a murder
done in Delaware. Captain Lets, do you
hold this prisoner now by virtue of any
paper out of Delaware?
"Is it not a pretty spectacle — the Gov
ernor of Delaware swearing to something
he knows not to b« true. Why he is
guilty of perjury. What does he know
about Fennessee. about the arsenic and
about these 'pretzel polishers' at the
candy store?"
Here Governor Budd suggested that,
since the Delaware warrant had been
found defective the defense could on
Monday, before Judge Cook or Judge
Dunne, and upon the writ of habeas
corpus now pending, secure the release of
their client in a very few minutes.
The blow nearly killed Isaiah. By
means of Mr. Hosmer's coat tails he got
to his feet and faltered. "Your honor, that
opinion is yourn." After the resultant
laugh subsided Mr. Knight continued.
"Yes, I know that we could do that, but
my client does not want to be released
upon a technicality. She wants a hear-2
COUNT OF TURIN ARRIVES
The Vindicator of the Honor of the Italian Armu Visits
the Coast,
Victor Emmanuel, etc., the Count of Turin and nephow to the King
of Italy, arrived last nisht from Idaho, where he has been passing sev
eral weeks hunting the big game of the Rockies. He is attended by
■ unt de Oarpeneto, aide-de-compt. Local society will dress itself
in mourning, for the Count sails on the Coptic to-morrow to add an
other link to his globe trotting record, and the many entertainments,
dinners and parties which were planned for his reception will become
nothing but hideous visions of the mind.
The Count of Turin is a man of International fame. Last year he
drew the sword in duel with Henry. Due d'Orleans, to vindicate the
honor of the Italian army, which Henry charged with cowardice and a
display of anything but valor in thf Italian-Abyssinian campaign. The
challenges that went flying about Europe turned the air Into blood. Fin
ally Turin offered himself as a representative of his country, whoso fair
name the French nobleman had sullied. A meeting was arranged and
the two men crossed swords In what proved a divergence fn.-m the latter
• lay duel. Henry received the greater number of thrusts and the
Count's honor, as well as his country's, was satisfied.
Ever since that memorable episode, the Count of Turin has been lion
ized throughout the Continent, He is a young man about 2S, of medium
height, of siim stature and a fine carriage. His face is smooth shaven
with the exception of mustaches, which turn skyward in true lordly
fasnion.
The Count of Turin came to this country early In the summer. He
visited Canada, was entertained in princely fashion and then crossed the
border. The exclusive set of New York then bestowed its time upon the
pleasures of the titled nobleman. At Newport he was the lion of the
From the mazes of society Victor Emmanuel came "West. At
Yellowstone he spent a few weeks and then sought the seclusion of the
camp, where nature was the supreme goddess. All sorts of game the
Count has bagged. His hunting expeditions in the wilds of the Rockies
are the must cherished of all his travels. In some respects he is like
his brother. Prince l^ouis of Savoy, who was on the coast a year ago.
The Count and suite will leave for the Orient, where some time will
be devoted to hunting the big game of the Jungle.
Ing of her case and she wants It soon."
How do you know that Judge Cook'll
let her go? You ain't vouching for his
opinions?" shouted the Chief.
"Well," said Knight, "any lawyer or
police captain in the country with brains
above his ears knows that. Even Ben
Napthaly knows it But don't get scared,
captain. My client is not going free In
that way."
Here chief Leos again discharged his
piece at the wrong target, and the laugh
was so general that it interrupted Mr.
Hosmor'B argument, and he waxed wroth
and said:
"Your. Honor, I don't see the need for
any levity. This is a serious matter,
and "
"Yes, Indeed," broke in Knight. "That's
why we are here."
"And to prove her innocent," Interjected
Heggerty. £. —
"Not in this case," retorted Hosraer.
"Well, why not?" from Heggerty.
"Mr. Heggerty, I decline to be cate
chised by the defense. I am not here
under oath."
"Yes you are " roared Knight.
"No I ain't,'' said the lady-like Mr.
Hosmer.
"You are here under your oath as a
public prosecutor," howled Knight. "If
you are not, and you know to be true
the things you have set forth in those
papers, then you are an accessory after
the fact and as guilty as the murderer."
"Weil, I'll take a chance," retorted Hos
mer, "and what's more I want you to
distinctly understand that I'm not hero
to be bluffed." ■■■'■ ' ' ■'■■ .
Just then the telephone rang and noth
ing more sanguinary than a perspiration
resulted. ■ •-•■;•■. " - , • . .
Chief Lees, during the afternoon, in
telling how hard he -worked on -this case,
read a telegram" which he sent to Gov
ernor Tunnell. In this he told him if he
did' not hare "enough evidence ■ to • go (Ait
and get more.. : He also advised the. se
curing of authorities to strengthen .his
case. Lees telegraphed on • a number of
these. ' ■:'. -. ■.
Governor Budd closed the proceedings
by telling the prosecution they were In
a bad light at present and that the.two
weeks' respite would not help their case.
The constitution is against them.
LABOR COUNCIL MATTERS.
Andrew Furuseth I>enounces the
Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association.
Aside from doing- a little dabbling In
politics the greater part of the meeting
of the Labor Council laßt evening was
taken up In discussing ways of Introduc
ing the union label, and in this connec
tion the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association was characterized as "an or
ganization composed wholly of men who
neither manufacture nor produce, which
has done more to Injure California than
the much-talked-of monopolies or any
thing else."
It was stated by Andrew Furuseth that
a iew years ago, "when labor unions were
strong in the city, home manufacture
was being boomed; a union man buying
shoes made outside the State was lined
|5; there wns plenty of work and new
factories were springing up everywhere.
Then, " he said, "this association took a
hand and made a concerted effort to
break up every trades union in the city.
Workingmen went back Kast; there was
a smaller consumption of goods and fac
tories went to tin- wall, raising the cry
of 'Eastern competition,' while the real
cause of their failure was that the asso
ciation drove out the workingman and
substituted cheap labor. Our cry Is and
should always be the union first and Cali
fornia second. I would sooner buy goods
made in China bearing the union label
than the same article In a local sweat
shop. A few yean ago there were 1100
cigar-makers earning good warres in this
city. Their union was weakened by the
association, the men went East, taking
their families witn them, and now there
are but 300 in the city. This is what is
causing hard times and driving home
manufacturers to the wall, and it will
continue to do so, for trade once diverted
from its channels seldom, or never, comes
back. The greedy merchants have made
ADVERTISEMENTS
Pears'
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it.
their bed and must be content to lie on
The delegate from the Musicians' Union
reported that a new union had been
formed by certain members who had been
expelled for playing below rates, and an
c-nort would be made to prevent their se
curing articles of incorporation.
IRVMG M. SCOTT
HOME FROM EUROPE
WILL BEACH SAN FBANCISCO IN
ABOUT TEN DAYS.
He Has Met With Success in the
Business Which Called Him
Across the Atlantic.
Dr. George Chismore returned last night
from Europe and received a warm wel
come at his home, 705 Sutter street. He
baa been absent since last April, during
which period he has been the medical at
tendant and traveling companion of Irv
ing M. Scott on his business tour In Eu
rope. Dr. Chismore left Mr. Scott In New
York., from which city he was to pro
ceed, in a day. or two, to Washington,
Intending to reach San Francisco in
about ton days. Mr. Scott is in excellent
health and spirits, says Dr. Chismore,
who, however, stated that he was not
permitted to say anything about Mr.
Scott's business affairs further than that
he had been entirely successful in the
various matters which had called him to
Europe, with the exception that he did
not secure any contract for the building
of any battleships. The inference is thai
he obtained contracts for a large amount
of other shipbuilding work.
Mr. Scott and Dr. Chismore spent a
rnont-h in St. Petersburg, and mad« ex
cursions to various important buslnesb
centers, among the places visited being
Moscow. They also visited all the prin
cipal iron works and shipbuilding estab
lishments in Northern Europe, including
England, and at all these places the
name of Scott and the fame of the Union.
Iron Works of San Francisco were well
known. Mr. Scott was well received by
all the great shipbuilders, all of whom
knew of the exploits of the warships that
had been turned out from the Union Iron
Works, especially the Olympia and the
Oregon.
R. A. GRAHAM'S ANSWER.
Denies That He Misappropriated
Beaver Hill Coal Company
Funds.
R. A. Graham filed his answer Thursday
to the complaint of the Beaver Hill Coal
Company, charging him with having mis
appropriated funds In the sum of $200,000
wnlle the agent and manager of the plain
tiff corporation. Graham, after entering a
general denial of all the allegations con
tained In the complaint, alleges by wav
of cross-complaint that the Beaver Hill
Coal Company Is Indebted to him In the
sum of $20,798 67. of which $13,216 66 is due
as salary and $7582 01 for moneys expended
by him for the benefit of the plaintiff. In
consequence, he asks that the suit against
him be dismissed and that he have judg
ment against the plaintiff for the sum
prayed for.
Maria Kip Orphanage Reception.
The annual reception given by the man
agers of the Maria Kip Orphanage, at 520
Lake street, will be held this afternoon
between 2 and 5 o'clock. There will be
no charge for admission, but light re
freshments will be served at very small
prices. Through the courtesy of Colonel
Berry, the Seventh California United
States Volunteer Band has donated its
services.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY
MAY COME HERE.
J[ CONCERTED pffort will be made by the State Board of Trade, Cham-
Aber of Commerce, Merchants' Association and Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association to Induce President McKinley to visit this coast.
* ■*" The President intends mn,king a trip west to the Omaha Exposition
next month, and it was suggested that it would be a good plan to request
him to extend his trip sufficiently to include California. Secretary Filcher
of the State Board of Trade has taken the matter in hand, and yesterday
visited the presidents of the various mercantile organizations, all of
whom looked on the plan with favor. It is projected to have the Invi
tation signed first by Mayor Phelan, then by the presidents of the
Chamber of Commerce and kindred organizations, and also the Mayors of
Oakland. Sacramento, Salt Lake City and Denver.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER IT, 189 S.
MRS. ALLISON
INDICTED FOR
CONSPIRACY
Charged With Rob
bing a Blacksmith.
HER ACCOMPLICE ALSO IN JAIL
SHE ADMITS THAT SHE CORRE
SPONDED WITH HER VICTIM.
Destroys the Evidence on Hearing
That the Police Were Searching
for Her — Bain Denies
His Guilt.
Mrs. Grace Allison, the attractive
"widow" who is awaiting examination in
the Police Court on a charge of grand
larceny, was rearrcsted last night on an
indictment presented by the Grand Jury.
This time she is charged with conspiracy
in "beating" an unsophisticated black
smith of Winters, Yulo County, out of
several hundred dollars.
Isaac W. Bain, her alleged accomplice,
w>.s also indicted on a similar charge,
and locked up In the tanks of the City
Prison. Bain conducts a matrimonial bu
reau and, according to the police, he and
Mr;-. Allison have robbed a number of
unsuspecting strangers by the time-worn
"matrimonial trick." Her scheme was to
insert an advertisement in one of the
newspapers to the effect thai she was a
rich widow and was anxious to wed a
"gentleman with means." She had nu
merous responses, principal among them
being Henry C. Franks, a mining man,
and John L. Deuprey, a blacksmith or
Winters, Yolo County.
Franks became enamored of the woman
and presented her with diamonds and
Jewelry valued at $1100. Realizing that
she was toying with his affections,
Franks, anxious to get even with her, as
ho expressed It, caused her arrest on a
charge of grand larceny by trick and de-
Vice. The case was beard 1:: Judge Jua
chlmsen's court last Thursday, but judg
ment was deferred ujitil next Tuesday. In
the meantime Deuprey, smarting under
the belief that he had been duped by the
woman, came to this city and consulted
Chief Lees, with a view of swearing out a
warrant for h>r arrest.
He was advised to appear before the
Grand Jury and try to have the woman
indicted. Yesterday he told his story to
that body and Indictments were found
against Mrs. Allison and Bain.
Detective Dillon and Sergeant Moffitt
were given the indictment to serve, and
after considerable trouble they found
Bain and the woman in the former's of
fice on Ellis str< it
Bain was Bent to the City Prison In the
patrol wagon, while Sergeant Moffitt es
corted the woman to her room, expecting
to find evidence to convict her of the
crime. After a thorough search he failed
to unearth the much-wanted evidence,
and she was also taken to the City Pris
on, where they were both formally
charged.
According to the testimony of Peuprey,
which he gave before the Grand Jury,
he read the advertisement inserted by the
woman, and, thinking she would make
him a good wife, he wrote to her. She re
plied that she was a "rich widow" and
was desirous of seeking ano^ier husband.
After they had corresponded for a short
time the woman wrote him that she
needed a piano, and asked him to buy her
one. Deuprey, evidently thinking 'that
she was sincere in her declaration that
she loved him, bought a piano for $475.
which he sent to her. Subsequently he
presented her with a diamond ring valued
at 1500, a diamond pin worth ?l.">0 and
variouß other gifts. Suspecting that the
woman was "playing him" Deuprey wrote
to her and a^ked her if sin- were ready
to become his wife. She replied that she
needed some money. i'-s it would be
necessary for her to buy a wedding trous
seau. Deuprey, evidently becoming sus
picious, did not answer the letter, but
calmly awaited developments. To his
surnrise he read that she had been ar
rested, charged with robbing Franks.
After thinking over the matter Deuprey
concluded to have the w**nan arrested.
To a Call reporter Mrs. Allison said
that Deuprey was jenlou* of her, and to
get even with her had her arrested.
"He is a trifle sore because I refused to
correspond with him," she remarked.
"Like the colored man in the song, he is
angry because I won't have anything to
do with him and he 'wants dem presents
back.' I intend to hold on to them, and
unless the court compels me I am in
clined to believe that Dpuprey will go
begging for the things he gave me."
Bain denies that he conspired with
Mrs. Allison to swindle the Yolo County
blacksmith. He Is confident that they
both will be acquitted when the case is
heard In the Superior Court.
CHEERING NEWS WAS FALSE.
Attorney Burnette Q. Haskell Wanted
for Petty Larceny by Trick
and Device.
Mrs. Ellen Whelan. 28 Clementina street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday for the arrest of
Attorney Burnette G. Haskell on the
charge of "potty larceny by trick and
device."
Mrs. Whelan said she was the defend
ant In a suit in tho Justice's Court in
which $290 99 was claimed as damages.
She employed Haskell to defend her and
gave him $25 as his fee. Two or three
weeks later she received a note from Has
kell which read:
"Your case won on the law points,
but I must have at once $2 50 to enter
Judgment. Give to bearer, my father.
Go and borrow it, if necessary. Good
luck."
Mrs. Whelan gnve the bearer the $2 50,
but recently ascertained that judgment
had been entered against her by default,
Haskell having neglected to appear for
her, and she has now to pay the $299 99
and $5 costs.
JAPANESE BANKERS.
They Arrive From London on Their
Way Home.
A distinguished party of Japanese ar
rived in this city late Wednesday night
on their way to Japan. They have been
in London and the East for some time in
vestigating tho London and American
banking systems. The party consists of
K. Kawakami. Dr. F. Bekiba, K. Ito, S.
Uyene and S. Akashl. K. Kawakami !s a
director of the Bank of Japan, tho larg
est bank in that country and one of the
largest in the world. The others of the
party, with the exception, of Dr. Sekiba.
are also connected with the Bank of
Japan In various capacities. The entire
party will return home on the Coptic.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if It falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
HE WOULD A-SOLDIERING GO.
Auuust Wurdinger, a 12-Year-01d Lad,
Stowed Himself Awau on the Trans-
Dort Scandia.
AUGUST WURDINGER would be a soldier and go to the war. He
did not care so much where the fighting- was so long as he was in
it, but to the war he would go willy nilly.
August is only 12 years old, but, nevertheless, It did not take him
long to ingratiate himself into tho good graces of the officers and men of
one of the companies in the New York regiment. When, however, the
company was refused permission to take him along as a mascot, and the
recruiting officer laughed at him
when he offered to enlist, and the
naval authorities told him he
would have to go home and grow
for two or three years before he
could become a naval apprentice
the lad was in despair.
Still August did not give up
hope, and day after day he went
to his work in a florist shop on
Post street, and all his spare time
and evenings were spent In the
camp of the New York regiment.
His chance came at last. His
friends were ordered to Honolulu
on the Scandia, and on sailing day
August was sent down with a
bouquet of flowers for one of the
officers. He delivered his bouquet
and the note that accompanied
it, and then when no one was
looking he secreted himself in the
baggage room. No one discovered
him, and in an hour's time the
Scandia was at sea and August
was on his way to the war.
Before leaving home that morn
ing August had asked his mother
to have a certain dish, of which
he was particularly fond, ready
for his supper. The dish was pre
pared but August did not turn up
to eat it, and there was conster
nation in the little home on Clem
entina street. The father hurried
to his son's employers, and when
they told him the boy had not returned from a message he was sent on
to the Scandia the father knew the lad had gone to the war as he said
he would. Yesterday all doubts were set at rest by the arrival of a letter
from the young hopeful dated at Honolulu.
The first few hours on board August was as happy as a clam at high
water, but when the steamer was fairly at sea he got deathly seasick.
Then war had no more charms for him. For two days he suffered, and
then his groanings attracted attention. Ho was brought on deck and
when his tale was told Captain Hart took pity on him, and In answer to
the entreaties of the boy's soldier friends consented to take him to Manila.
He was put to work under one of the steamer's quartermasters and soon
became a favorite with everybody on board. In his letter he tells his
mother not to worry as he is going "to make lots of prize money" and
come back a captain. August can certainly claim the distinction of being
the youngest person who has gono to the war, so far.
ARGUED IN
FAVOR OF A
UNIFORM LAW
Bankers on Mercan
tile Paper.
RESOLUTIONS ARE ADOPTED
CONVENTION OF MEN WHO HAN-
DLE MONEY.
To-Day Delegates Will Inspect Beau
ties of Tamalpais — Executive
Council Will Fix Upon
Next Meeting Place.
When the hankers' convention recon
vened yesterday morning J. M. Elliott of
the First National Bank of Los Angeles
presiding In the absence of J. J. Valentine,
a resolution was presented tendering the
thanks of the delegates to Hon. Frank
G. Newlands for his address on "Cur
rency Reform." A second resol«tlon was
also offered thanking Mr. Newlands for
his opposition to the passage of the
Walker currency bill now pending in Con
gress.
Lovell White, of the San Francisco Sav
ing's Union, read an able paper entitled,
"Exemption from Taxation of Bonds of
the Counties, Municipalities and School
Districts of the State." The chief pur
pose in opposing the taxation of public
securities, Mr. White asserted, arose out
of the fact that it enhances by an appre
ciable pertentage the rate of Interest
necessary to be paid on county and munic
ipal bonds over whatever is recovered in
the way of taxes; the higher rate of In
terest is of necessity paid by the poorer
counties and districts, which must resort
to borrowing, while the small amounts re-
covered as taxes go into the treasuries
of the larp.-r cities. It makes the State
and its political subdivisions tributary to
foreign creditors, continued Mr. White,
and thereby involves a loss of hundreds
of thousands of dollars each year from
circulation; it impairs the credit of the
State by allowing the impression to go
forth that It is a debtor State and that
its people are of necessity impoverished
and on the verge of bankruptcy; it gives
a preference to non-residents over its own
citizens; it destroys reverence for the law
by maintaining on the statutes one which
is easily evaded; it weakens the concep
tion of the sanctity of an oath, and lowers
the standard of public morality by in
viting the crime of perjury.
When Mr. White had concluded, Frank
Miller, president of the D. O. Mills Bank
of Sacramento, speaking on the same
subject, said: "Public funds should be
secured by State bonds In California. The
question of public funds is in a confused
state. The depository system of national
banks should be used. The taxation of
these bonds is the jprime difficulty. And
after this it is difficult to tell whether
a bond is good or not. We have gone
through an Insolvency process in Sacra
mento. A certain proportion of our debt
was placed in the hands of a commission
which got us out of debt in several years.
The condition of public funds in California
is deplorable."
To Mr. Miller's remarks Mr. White
made answer that a real effort had been
made to reach the political parties on this
question, but not one of them had evinced
a desire to put this proposition in its plat
form. He said that it was impossible to
look upon this as a movement of the
bankers for the reason that it would be at
once opposed. "We can only recommend
an amendment of our State constitu
tion," he said. "We can only handle It
as disinterested bankers and as ordinary
citizens. Wf must rely on individual ef
fort." His remarks, as were those of Mr.
Miller, were greeted with loud applause.
Professor Plehn of the University of
California next addressed the convention.
He said that, as a man of mere theories,
he hesitated to talk to practical bankers.
"But I consider," he declared, "that Mr.
White's ideas accord with those of the
bfst authorities. In theory it is advis
able, if you tax property, to tax all kinds
of property. In all cases, however, we
fail to reach shifting investments, mo
bile capital, as it is frequently termed.
As it is impossible to tax this form of
property the question arises, what be
comes of the taxes imposed on certain
parts of that property which are reached?
The tax is shifted. The bondholder who
pays the taxes exacts a higher rate of
interest. Shifting always costs money.
The bondholder exacts a higher rate of
interest than would pay him for the tax
he wants to pay. It would, therefore, be
less costly If the municipalities could col
lect the tax at the <nart.
The- next speaker was M. J. Daniels of
the Orange Growers' Bank of Riverside.
Mr. Daniels said that it was lmportagt to
g-et the matter before the people. "What
prevents Los Angeles or any other city ia
eulng a bond, he said, "which Is not Just
as good as a Government bond In every
respect? We should make a municipal
bond have the same credit. It ought to be
exempt from taxation."
Henry Brown of the Napa Bank said
that no action should be taken In the
matter until the people who bear the
burden complain. Personal property, he
declared, is not assessed at Its full value.
The attempt to exempt bonds from tax
ation is only a step to exempt all per
sonal property from taxation."
J. M. Elliott, vice president of the asso
ciation, said thnt it would be almost im
possible to exempt all personal property;
and he was followed by Bank Commis
sioner Magee of Pasadena, who said: "I
believe that every variety of property
should be taxed. There is, however, one
excellent reason why municipal and
school property should not be taxed. The
Government's indebtedness in every form
should be free from taxation. A munici
pality should be free from taxation as
well as the United States Government."
A discussion was then had on the sub
ject of "A Uniform Law for Negotiable
Instruments." James A. Thompson of
the Donohoe-Kelly Banking Company
spoke on the subject at length. He read
a letter from Frank W. Tracy, chair
man of the committee on legislation of the
American Bankers' Association. "The In
dications are that the uniform law will
be passed in all the States this winter."
Mr. Tracy wrote, and Mr. Thompson said
that the law was imperative in order
that California mi.arht stand with many
of the other leading: States of the Union.
Resolutions were then offered by Henry
Brown of Napa tendering a vote of
thanks to J. J. Valentine for his ad
dress on "Currency Reform," opposing
the. Walker currency bill, and recom
mending 1 that resolutions to this effect
be forwarded to Congress. These resolu
tions were submitted to the committee
on resolutions.
The afternoon session was devoted to
the discussion of questions relating to
banking and to the reports of the com
mittees on auditing, nominations and res
lutions. J. J. Valentine of Wells, Fargo
& Co. was re-elected president; J. M. El
liott of the First National Bank of Los
Angeles was re-elected vice president; Q
W. Klino of the Crocker- Woolworth Na
tional Bank was re-elected treasurer; R.
M. Welch of the San Francisco Savings
Union was re-elocted secretary, and
James A. Thompson of the Donohoe-
Kelly Banking Company was re-elected
chairman of the executive council.
For the council whose term expires in
1901 J. E. Baker of the Alameda Bank.
Frank Miller of the National Bank of
D. O. Mills & Co. of Sacramento, and T.
S. Hawkins of the Bank of Hollister wore
elected as members. The convention then
adjourned, leaving the determination of
the time and place for the next conven
tion to the executive council.
To-day the delegates to the convention
will visit Mount Tamalpais. They will
take the 9:30 boat via the Sausalito fer
ry, and will return before sunset. Excel
lent arrangements have been made for
the outing, and over two hundred of the
delegates, their wives and families, will
participate.
SOL CAHEN RETURNS.
Is Tendered a Hearty Reception by a
Host of Veteran Friends.
Sol Cahen, department commander, Q.
A. R., returned last night from the na
tional encampment at Cincinnati. He was
received at the depot by five hundred
members of the G. A. R. posts and the
veteran guards, who, headed by the band
of the Fifty-first lowa, escorted him to
B'nai B'rith Hall, where he was tendered
a reception.
General Edward Salomon, past depart
ment commander, acted as chairman and
made an address of welcome. In his re
ply Mr. Cahen said that he was happy
to state that the grand encampment had
formulated an address to the President
and Secretary Alger commending them
for the successful conduct and happy
termination of the late war with Spain.
"Certain papers and people," he said,
"have tried to belittle or flnd fault with
tne conduct of the war, while the crowned
heads of Europe have looked on with
wonder and amazement at the success of
an army taken from the occupations of
peace but a few days before it was put
into the neld. It is a pity that men can
be found in our own country who would
try to belittle the acts of so successful
an administration."
At the conclusion of his remarks Mr.
Cahen was cheered to the echo by the
assembled veterans who felt the force of
his remarks.
Speeches were also made by C. Mason
Kinne, Colonel Loper of the Fifty-first
lowa and many others, while the oc
casion was enlivened from time to time
by selections from the lowa band and
cheers for Messrs. Cahen and Salomon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good Blood
Makes Health
And Hood's Sarsaparilla makes good
blood. That is why it cures so many
diseases and makes so many people feel
better than ever before. If you don't
feel well, are half sick, tired, worn out,
you may be made well by taking
Hood's Sarsaparilla
America's Greatest Medicine.
Hood's Pili« cure all Liver Ills. 25 cents.
VISIONS OF
A NEW BOOM
IN COMSTOCK
Unwatering Scheme
Goes Ahead.
MILLIONAIRES IN CONTROL
A PUMPING COMMITTEE TO BE
APPOINTED.
Mine Superintendents Join in Becom
mending Action, Stock Brokers
Feel Good and Assessments
Are in Prospect.
The reopening of the Comstock lodo by
the unwatering; of the long submerged
lower workings Is now being seriously
considered by the principal share owners
of those properties. There will be a meet
tog to-day of the joint commutes, repie
resenting twenty-four Comstock mining
companies, to consider the joint report of
the mine superintendents submitted to the
executive committee last Thursday.
Further reports regarding- the levels be
low the Sutro tunnel will be filed to-day.
It is expected that a "pumping oommit
tee" will be appointed to proceed witu the
enterprise in conjunction with the com
mittee.
The combined report of the superintend
ents filed the other day unqualifiedly rec
ommends the carrying on of the work.
Attention is called to the bodies of un
worked pay ore found between the depths
of 1800 and 3300 feet before a sudden rush
of water, and a demand for dividends led
to the abandonment of deep operations.
It is pointed out that the great width of
the lode, about tt)o feet, affords much
room for prospecting in all the levels and
instances of the unexpected striking of
bonanzas at various levels of different
mines in the upper workings are recalled
The preliminary estimates of cost vary
between 1200,000 and $500,000, according to
the scale of operations. The raising of
this money is the main difficulty to be
overcome.
It is generally believed on the street
that the fund must be raised by assess
ment. This will be used to start the
pumping, and it is thought that a boom
in Comstock shares would result which
could be so cultivated as to make the
venture a success. The finning of a bo
nanza or two would give the needed im
petus.
The agitation of the pumpin<" plan has
already put some life in tne market. A
week ago Con. Cal. & Va. was around the
25-cent point. It is now 86, and has been
to 94 cents. The leading operators think
that if the enterprise is carried out it will
again make San Francisco a great min
ing stock market.
A LIGHTWEIGHT TEAM.
Olympic Juvenile Football Players
Organize and Challenge
Schools.
The Olympic lightweight football tfam
has reorganized for the season of '98,
with J. Keller, last year's end, as? cap
tain and J. J. Belser manager. The team
would like to hear from all preparatory
schools, academies and high schools in
the State. This team formerly played
under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A.,
and has a record of forty straight vic
tories. The line up this year is as fol
lows:
Center, Gendottl of the Polytechnic
High School; guards, Chadwick of the
L,owell High School and Beatty of the
Berkeley High School; tackles, Hamilton,
last year's captain, of Eureka High
School, and Miller of Selbourne's Acad
emy; ends, Neames and Belser of last
year and Masters of Berkeley High
School; quarter, Captain Keller; half
backs, Densmore of Alameda University
tenm; fullback, Gerak of the Army and
Navy team.
Tho first practice game will take place
this afternoon at the Sixteenth and Fol
som streets grounds against the Pas
times.
Knights of Tara at Shell Mound.
Shell Mound Park will be the scene of
fun and frolic to-morrow. On this oc
casion the Knights of Tara and their nu
merous friends will take possession of
the groTinds and have one of their old
time outings.
The programme will be interesting.
There will be fancy Irish dances and
among the participants in the entertain
ment will be tho Misses Hickman and
Kavanagh, and Professor Joseph Keller
and John O'Connor. Soldiers are to be
admitted free and a general invitation
is extended to all to attend.
ozo free
OZO
Q7Q 070 Is the
H7H u^ u name
fy7i)i of a Catarrhal
UZU Cure that you
n _ n can use on trial
UZU f ree - If y° u are
p. rj~. suffering from
UZU Catarrh of the
r\nr\ Head or Stom-
UZ* U acn » write for a
nan free treatment.
UZ/U Persons living
070 in the city must
XJLAJ call.
FREE TRIAL OF OZO
HUDYAN
Cures Lost Manhood, Ner-
vous Weakness,
Dyspepsia, Chronic Con-
sti pa on, etc. Call or write
for circulars and proofs.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton rWy Market Sts.
PC&lolietter's Frglt jh Diamond Brand. ' -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-^jT^v Original anil Only Genuine. A .
£j )J£-*«. •••'•• »lw»yi reliable .; ladies uk fl\
jrL,j\jy-&& D«Mirt for CMchrMrrt Enqlith Dia-jßn\
•f*N9fl l Ni*«'i»>md Brand in Bed »nd Gold niet»l)!o\S«f
"EV •• -^Bflbora, «. r.le* with blue ribbon. , Take Vy
' It| *^ StJno other, lit/use dang/trout tuhstitu- v
I / fff Horn and imitation*. At Druggist*, or lead 4a.
I £ ■ • 'af 5J UB 1" ' for particular!, teatlmotrUli vi
Ay* B "Relief for Ladle*.'* in Utter, by return >
"■\_^iK_ Stall. ' 10,000 TertimoolaU. Name Poptr.
■■■■_■ ......
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GAGE
AND
• NEFF!
GENII L BABIES
WILL
ADDRESS the PEOPLE
.A.T
; METROPOLITAN TEMPLE
ON
SATURDAY EVENING,
SEPTEMBER 17.
Honorable HORACE DAVIS Will Preside.
frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman Republican State Executive;
Committee. " 'v.-t-tr
E. C. HART, Secretary. W
Maguire's Record
Reviewed, -
Bohemian Stories
Told,
Volunteer Officers
Roasted,
Local Tales
Recited
in
To-Day's News Letter.
. ; t 1
United States Branch. . .
STATEMENT
- OF THE .
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE . . .'.
ROYAL
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. IS!>7, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of •Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. ' :
Real estate owned by company $2,032,077 43
Loans on. bonds and mortgages 272,000 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 3,951,329 41
Cash In company's office 1,457 53
Cash in banks 814,964 40
Interest due and accrued on all . ' .
stocks and loans 47,487 08
Interest due and accrued on bonds .
and mortgages :. 1.120 00
Premiums In due course of collection 762,562 18 '
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 1.674 77
Bents due and accrued 10,040 11 •
Due from other companies for rein- ' ..
surance on losses already paid.. 5,186 88
Total assets $7,400.199 78
.' -•; LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $39,022 71
Losses in process of adjustment or
in suspense , 337.184 07
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. . 62,075 70
Gross premiums on lire risks run- ■■■j*. -; VI.
ning one year or less, $3,211,567 42; .
reinsurance 50 per cent 1,605,783 71
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning more than one year, $4,411,-
309 64; reinsurance pro rata 2,241,059 50
Amount reclaimable by the Insured'
on perpetual "fire insurance policies 222. 51 18
Liability under life department 121,459 75
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
taxes, etc : 57.288 43
All other demands against the com-
pany 325,957 83
Total liabilities $5,032,112 93
: "\;; INCOME. .1-^:
Net cash actually received for fire _'.
premiums $4.597.305 53
Received for Interest on bonds and
mortgages ••• 13.635 25
Received for Interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources !-'?!- S9S 9
Received for rents *'- 50 7 21
Total income ...'....... $4,836,847 93 •
EXPENDITURES. . . •
Net amount paid for fire losses (in-
cluding $455,740 98. losses of pre-
vlous years) • $3,533,6G6 24
Paid or allowed for commission or ' '
brokerage :.:.>.■...■...... •808,325 M
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 340,138 79
Paid for State, national ■ and local ■ - ■
taxes • 117.033 28.
All other payments and expenditures. 283,039 58
Total expenditures K057.20J 70
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year. $2,539,436 29
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. ;
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $704,857,441 $3;996,897 74
Net amount of risks ex- ■ • .-.
pired during the year.. 625.744.013 5,659,255 41
Net amount In force De-
cember 31, 1897.......... 780.815,734 7,613,115 61
E. F. BEDDALL, United States Manager. ~
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 25th
day of January, 1898. - . •
EDMUND. HARVEY, Notary Public. •
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT
Royal Insurance Building, •
COR. PINE AND SANSOME STS.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Mgr. Local Department.
BRANCH OFFICE : r
The J. P. MAX"WBLiLi CO.
ji A PERMANENT CURE 1
I A PERMANENT CURE I
,[ of the most obstinate, cases of Gonorrhoea !'
I j and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 ' 1
] 1 days ;no other treatment required. V ::J> <
] 1 : \ Sold by all (lrufrsrii>t!<. ;; v-'i s V- !-
Weak Men and Women ;
♦Should USE damiana bitters, the '
• great Mexican remedy; gives heal tad
I ■treoctb to the sexual organs.BRITISH TROOPS
MAY CLASH WITH
THOSE OF FRANCE
General Hubert Kitchener to In
sist or) the Evacuation of
Fashoda.
t\is Demaod Will Be Submitted to Major Mar
chand in tf}e porn) of an Ulti
rr)atun).
LONDON, Sept. 17. — A dispatch to the Morning Post says General
Kitchen«r has absolute authority to claim Fashoda as Egyptian terri
tory nnd to expel the present occupants forcibly if necessary. Pashoda,
the correspondent says, will then ba occupied by an Egyptian garrison.
The Daily Telegraph's Cairo correspondent says that General
Kitchener intends to present an ultimatum demanding that the French
under Major Marchand quit Fashoda forthwith.
TORAL IS MOBBED ON
RETURNING TO SPAIN
Bight of His Barefooted and Half-
Clad Troops Infuriates the
Vigo Populacs.
VTGO, Spain. Sept. IP.— About 700 peo
ple hopleped the bouse of General Toral
to-day, demanding that the troops which
arrived here yesterday from Santiago de
■Cuba nn board the Spanish steamer I,eon
XIII be immediately landed. They pro
ceeded tn the quays, cheering the troops,
end were with difficulty dispersed by the
soldiers of the garrison. Afterward a
crowd of about 1500 peoplo returned to the
quays, and when they Baw the soldiers
.larding barefooted and nearly naked the>
became infuriated and surrounded I
ral Total's house, hunting and singing
and stoning the building. Eventually the
,Bpani!-h genera] succeeded in escaping to
.the Leon XIII. On learning this the mob
gathered on the dock and stoned the
etcamer for half an hour, smashing the
cabin, windows. The Leon XIII was
obliged to leave the place where she was
moored.
Five steamers are ready to transport the
returning Spanish soldiers and civil offi
cers with the ai chives and munitions of
war from Cuba, but it is believed it will
take four months and cost 30,000.000 pese
tas to bring the troops bock to Spain.
VINEYARDISTS GETTING
FAIR PRICE FOR GRAPES
Seven Dollars for White Varieties
and Nine for Blacks Around
Healdsburg.
HEAI.DSBURG. Sept. 16.-Crushing nt
■ the -wineries In this vicinity began this
■week. Prices are good now for the grow
er, with an upward tendency, ranging j
from $7 for white varieties to $9 for
blacks. |
The agent for the association at Lyt
ton's ha* contracted for 1200 tons at $9. i
delivered on boa^l cars there for the j
winery at Windsor. Some corporation
•wineries are paying $9 cash.
Finlayson's winery here, not a member
of the corporation, will not operate,
claiming that $6 is the best it can offer.
At that price it can fret no grape:!.
Agents Cor -San Francisco commission
men have been here making contracts to ;
a limited extent at good prices for the i
grower.
RUMORS OF ANOTHER
CONFLICT IN CRETE
Number of Christians Sasd to Have
Been Killed and "Wounded by
Turkish Troops.
ATHENS. Sept. 16.— Tt is rumored that
a conflict between insurgents and Turk
ish tmops has occurred near Candia. Ac
cording to the report, some of the Christ
ians were killed and a number wounded.
AT THE STATE FAIR.
Attendance in the Big Pavilion Con-
tinues Large.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 16.— To-nigM, the
last but one of the State Exposition,
found another immense crowd distributed
In the galleries and through the mazes
of exhibits at the pavilion. The weather
■waF as soft and calm as a night in md
Bummer, and the women were out in their
lightest fabrics, lending to the scene at
the pavilion a charm Indescribably ef
fective.
This afternoon the oorr.mlttoo of awards
£avp a pold medal to Mrs. K. Shields for
the best display of fruits, preserves, etc.
Jlrs. Shields has not been discouraged
by the abandonment of the county exhibit
feature, but has ma«le a display of prod
ucts of her orchard ar.d farm which
stands as an eloquent renrefrrntatton of
■what this county can grow. Mrs. Shields
•was one of the representatives of Sacra
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• *%»..#» >^. *.— . If life is worth
/ i » \ : having it is worth
. y'tH-> m. * jrv taking care of.
' -JZadJt/*) Recklessness does
> • J*d 4 W- not pay, either in
f/J}y/-*{A jl % jf. our work or
/■A Vms"<s&I yM«">^*-7/ our pleasure.
vJXtj)^W»^MifciAjjr When people
r\ XJ^/t'S^PlI \ .read of ayoung
I*7 7y wfjlßi * /man who has
H/i Trm //been killed
nC 1 11/SA«S) / / while perform-
L- J iMs+~>£nUEK I / in ? some reclc-
YV7<T MvOHl / / less feat on a
\ I <•■ r/iffl / / toboggan or at
\>/^TV *y • tBHi/ / some other haz-
IWV (■SHI I, ardous sport,
X\<LiJt / vSSk / / their sympathy
' \r?' XMm // is mi * d with
• rJmPf/y surprise that
1/ /Is? 11/ any human being
I mi? It/ should thus care-
tv \\lss I// les3ly risk life.
There are thou-
"* sands of men who
are recklessly risking their lives while they
go about their common evcry-day avoca-
tions. They over-work, they do not take
sufficient time from business or labor to eat
or sleep or rest, or to care for their health.
Outraged nature throws out danger signals,
to which they pay no heed. They suffer
from bilious or nervous disorders, from
sick headache, giddiness, drowsiness, cold
chills, flushings of heat, shortness of
breath, blotches ■ on the skin, loss of- ap-
petite, uncomfortable sensations in the
stomach after meals, loss of sleep, lassi-
tude and trembling sensations. These are
the advance symptoms of serious and fatal
maladies.
All disorders of this nature are cured by
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. It
restores the lost appetite, gives sound and
refreshing sleep, makes the digestion per-
fect, the liver active. It purifies the blood
and makes it rich with the life-giving ele-
ments of the food. It is the great blood-
maker and flesh -builder. It makes the body
active and the brain keen. It is the best
of nerve tonics. Thousands have testified
to its merits. No honest dealer will urge
upon you a substitute for the little extra
profit it may afford.
The man or woman who neglects consti-
pation is gathering in the system a store
of disorders that will culminate in some
serious and possibly fatal malady. Dr.
Pierces Pleasant Pellets are a safe, sure,
speedy and permanent cure for constipa-
, tion. One little " Pellet "is a gentle laxa-
tive, and two a mild cathartic.
mento County at the Columbian fair and
the Chattanooga Exposition, and she en-
Joys the reputation of being one of the
most progressive orchardists In the State.
The art gallery to-night came in for its
share of admiration, but it is noticeable
that Sacramento culture has been run
ning considerably away from the paint
ers and over to where the willowy mai
dens affect the skirt dance and a man
with spangles, balances on a globe.
GENERAL HASKELL
DIES OF APOPLEXY
Survives Wounds Received at El
Caney Only to Succumb to
Peaceful Excitement.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Sept. 16.— Brigadier
General Joseph T. Haskell died suddenly
at his home at the Columbus Post about
4:30 this afternoon. He was stricken
with apoplexy, the excitement through
which he had passed during the day be
ing the immediate cause of the attack.
General Haskell commanded the Sev
enteenth Infantry at the battle of El
Caney, and was twice wounded. In the left
Bhou!der and knee. He came home about
I a month ago and was rapidly recovering.
The wound in his shoulder, however, had
■ paralyzed hi 6 left arm, which he carried
|In a sling. This morning the Seventeenth
1 Regiment returned home and General
Haskell went to the depoc In a carriage
to welcome his gallant men. He rode
at the head of the regiment through the
] city fnd the cheers of the people were
directed almost as much to him lndlvid
ually as to the regiment. At the review
ing Btand the crowd surrounded the car
riage and flowers were fairly showered
Into the vehicle from every side.
Although not as Btrong as formerly,
General Haskoll appeared rugged and his
i sudden death was a terrible shock to his
; family and friends. At 4:30 this after
: neon Captain Clay called at General Has
keU's residence to pay his respects. . The
| general was resting at the time, but came
downstairs. They had been engaged in
conversation about five minutes, when
Genera!- Haskell suddenly started to his
j feet, clasping his hands to his heart, then
fell to the floor. The only exclamation
he made was, "Oh, oh!"
Captain Clay sprang to his assistance
and was surprised to find that his pulse
had ceased to beat. Post Surgeon Pitcher
was summoned and stated that death was
caused by apoplexy. Mrs. Haskell was
prostrated by her husband's death. Be
sides the widow, two sons survive.
REORGANIZING NORTH
ATLANTIC SQUADRON
Fleet Ordered to Be Reduced From
One Hundred to Thirty-Two
Vessels.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16. — Secretary
Long this afternoon issued an order re
organizing: the North Atlantic squadron.
The fleet Is reduced from a force of about
100 vessels to thirty-two, the remainder
being detached ready for disposition in
the future. The four vessels of the
Morgan line— the Prairie, Yosemlte, Yan
kee and Dixie— with the auxiliary cruis
ers Badger and Panther, are ordered to
be laid up in reserve at League Island.
The fieet. as reorganized, will consist or
the Indiana, the Massachusetts, Texas
New York. Brooklyn, Amphltrlte, Puri
tan, Mlantonomoh, Terror, Cincinnati
: Montgomery, Newark. San Francisco,
I Detroit, Marblehoad, Mayflower, New Or
leans, Bancroft, Marietta, Topeka, Cas-
Une, Nashville, Wilmington, Machias.
Fr:nceton, !<<>rn. Wasp Hist, Resolute
Potomac, Scorpion and Alvarado.
TEXAS TROOPS* MAKE
A RIDICULOUS KICK
Decline to Accept Pay From a Colored
Paymaster — Case Referred to
the President.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16. -Paymaster
General Stanton has turned over to the
President all the papers relating to the
recent unpleasantness growing out of the
refusal of a Texas regiment to receive
pay from Major Lynch because he is col
ored. The President has taken no definite
action beyond an expression of approval
of General Stanton's course In sending a
sharp dispatch to the commanding pay
master of that department, stating, in
effect, that as Major Lynch had been
regularly commissioned by the President
as an army paymaster, the troops must
take their pay from him or else go with
out pay. Thus the matter stands with
the papers before the President.
There is a possibility that a new ques
tion may arise on the point of insubordi
nation In refusing to receive pay from
paymasters regularly commissioned to
make payments.
REVISION OF DREYFUS
CASE ISJYOW CERTAIN
Decision of the Minister of Justice
Expected to Result in a
Cabinet Crisis.
PARIS, Sept. 16.— The newspapers here
say the Minister of Jtisticp, M. Sarrien, ,
has completed the examination of the j
documents in the Dreyfus rase and that
he will eommunionte to the Ministers at !
the Cabinet council, to he held to-morrow, !
his Intention to refer the matter to a com
mission competent to undertake a revision
of the proceedings.
The general opinion is that the Cabinet !
will adopt the proposal for a revision of
the case unanimously, with the exception I
of the Minister of War, General Zurlln
den, who yesterday informed the Minister
of Justice that he intends to resign if it
develops that he does not agree with his
colleagues.
The Figaro, Matin and Rappel say they I
beliove that in case General Zurilnden re- I
signs. M. Brisson. the Premier, Is resolved |
to take the portfolio of Minister of War '
and give that of Minister for the Interior
to MT Vallee.
According to the Gaulols, the result of
the decision of the Minister of Justice will
be a Ministerial crisis as this paper
claims that the other Ministers will re
sign.
SANTIAGO TROOPS ONLY
COMPLAIN OF THE MEAT'
—
A Trouble Hard to Rectify—Abun
dance of Every Other Kind of
Supplie .
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Sept. 16.—Con
trary to reports that seem to have been ]
circulated In the United States reoreaent- |
THE SAN FRAXCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
STARTING FROM KHARTOUM FOR FASHODA.
Birdseye View of Khartoum and tr)e Vicinity, LooKing South forr) Above the Island of Tuti, at the Junction of the Two Nile Rivers. Oq the Right is
Omdurman, Lately the Mahdi's Capital and the Scene of the Disastrous Defeat of Y\\s Army. On the High Ground About the City Are the Camps
of the Anglo-Egyptian Forces, While in ttye River Beyond fire the Three Gunboats Carrying a Force of Highlanders and Egyptian Troops, With
Which Sir Herbert Kitchener Is Just Starting for Fashoda, 400 Miles to the South, to Investigate the Occupancy of That Place by the French.
Ing that American soldiers were dying of
starvation— reports that elicited an In
quiry from the War Department rfgard
■ ing the matter— the troops here have am
. pie supplies of every kind, except the
i tr^sh meat suprsly has been unsatisfae
; tory. The fact is "that th« meat sent here
in rofriperator ships, owing to the delay
in unloading, becomes more or iess tainted
! before it can be used. It is estimated that
lat least 40 per cent is quite useless. Los:;
than half the meat issued to Colonel
! Hood's regiment has been lit to eat, and
naturally there has been some com
; plaint.
FAILS TO PROSECUTE
FOUR LAWBREAKERS
1 High-Handed Proceeding of District
Attorney Martinelli ot Marin
County.
SAN RAFAEL, 6ept. IB.— The recent
"misunderstanding:" between the Sheriff's
and the District Attorney's officesover the
I peculiar methods used In trying to pro
1 cure a license for A. H. Mclnnes of
Mill Valley has led others to bring up
facts that, In view of the coming cam
; palgn, accused officials think, might just
:as well have been left buried. The re
! cords are cited to prove that the county
i has lost $4000 because of a failure on the
! part of District Attorney Martinelli to
i prosecute a suit against the bondsmen of
! certain saloon keepers, whose licenses
had been revoked because they violated
1 the town ordinances. In each instance
' the Board of Supervisors had instructed
j the official to do his duty.
In 1595 A. B. Moretti, Peter Crane, A.
! Kappenmann and 1,. I^aviosa were
, charged with having violated the ordl
■ nance on various charges of selling li
quor to minors and selling liquor after
hours. Their licenses were revoked.
Each had bondsmen in the sum of $100<)
and the board called on Martinelli to
! bring suit.
No action was brought for over a year
and then only when the Good Govern
ment Club, with A. H. Crosby as presi
i d<-nt, took up the case, and friends ad
vised the District Attorney that he had
' better do something. From that date,
March 13, IS<<7, until July IS. 1898. nothing
was done to press the suit against the
four men. On the latter date, on mo
tion by consent of the District Attor
ney, the cases were stricken from the
calendar, to be restored "on notice" — to
suit the District Attorney.
In the meantime one of the bondsmen
has gone through Insolvency and several
have left town and nobody at present
knows their whereabouts. The publica
tion of the peculiar uetboda employed In
the case of Mclnnes has resulted in a
revival of the interest taken in the older
affair, and the public generally is eager
to know why the cases were permitted
to die without any legal action.
DEADLY COLLISION OFF
MARTHAS VINEYARD
Steamer Gloucester Sinks the Schooner
Jordan — Nine of the Latter's
Crew Perish.
BOSTON, Sept. 16.— The steamship
Gloucester of the Merchants* and Miners'
Transportation Company, which arrived
here this forenoon from Baltimore, re
ports that this morning she collided with
the Gloucester schooner Jordan oft Mar
thas Vineyard, and that nine of the Jor
dan's crew were drowned. Seven of the
crew were saved and brought here on the
Gloucester.
The Gloucester sailed from Ealtlmore
on her regular trip to this city, touching
at Norfolk, which port she left Wednes
day night. When north of Cottage City
about 1:40 o'clock this morning, just ar
ter the big boat had steamed through the
Vineyard Sound, she crashed into a
Gloucester fisherman, which had sailed
across her bows. The schooner, which
proved to be the Alice C. Jordan, was cut
down to the water'«s edge and began
rapidly filling.
The Gloucester was stopped at once
and boats ordered lowered. The schooner
sunk In a very few minutes, and before
nine of her crew, who were asleep below,
could reach the deck. The captain and
six of the Jordan's men were taken out
of the water by the Gloucester's boats.
The commander of the fishing. craft was
Captain Jeremiah 11. -"Warren. •■ The boats
of the Gloucester -searched for a long
time for the nine missing men, but with
no success. Captain F. M. Howes of the
Gloucester says that the steamer had all
her lights burning at the time of the ac
cident. < The weather was cloudy and the
night quite dark. The schooner Alice C.
Jordan was owned by William 11. Jordan
and registered eighty-six tons gross.
The names of only seven of the lost
fishermen were learned. They were:
Ilarry H. Grow, Gloucester; James H.
Russell,' Gloucester; Jeremiah Ryan,
Gloucester; Charles Smith, ._, Gloucester;
Maurice Johnson, Henry Parker, —
Scott.
FORMAL RESIGNATION
OF SECRETARY DAY
Takes Leave of His Associates in the
Cabinet — Assistant Secretary
Moore Also Resigns.
WASHINGTON, Sept. IC— The Cabinet
was in session an hour to-day, Secretary
Alger being the only absentee. Secretary
Day tendered the President his resigna
tion as Secretary of State and took leave
of his Cabinet associates.
A telegram from General Otis, at Ma
nila, was read, showing that the situa
tion there was entirely satisfactory. The
Instructions to the peace commission
were gone over for the last time and
officially approved. Senator Gray, who is
detained in Philadelphia, will not come
to Washington, as his time will be limi
ted, but will go direct from Philadelphia
to the Compania, upon which the Com
missioners will sail to-morrow. The
other Peace Commissioners will leave here
for New York at 4 p. m. The only im
portant callers at the White House this
morning were Senator Frye and John
Foster, who remained with the President
only a short time.
Assistant Secretary Moore of the State
Department also tendered his resignation
to the President.
WILL WELCOME SAMPSON.
Port Antonio, Jamaica, Preparing for
His Reception.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bt-nnPtt.
PORT ANTONIO. Jamaica, Sept. 16.—
Much enthusiasm has been aroused here
by a report that Admiral Sampson will
visit this city next Monday. Some doubt
is expressed as to the admiral's visit, but
if he comes he will receive an enthusias
tic reception. Arrangements looking to
that end are already being made.
STRIKERS UNDER ARREST.
Forty-Two Miners Escorted to Jail by
a Band of Music.
MONONGAHELA-CITY. Pa.. Sept. 16.—
Sheriff Kennedy and a posse of a* depu
ties arrested the miners' vice president,
Dodd. and forty-one strikers, on charges
of rioting, inciting riot and assault. and I
battery. Among the prisoners were the i
members of the New England band, who '
have been furnishing music for the strik- I
ers, and as they marched to the station
to take the train for Washington they
played "Marching Through Georgia."
A large crowd witnessed the arrests,
and there was great excitement. The
strike situation is quiet. Few men went
to work this morning at the Catsburg
mine, and there was no trouble. District
officers have decided not to furnish bail
for the prisoners.
SHE WOULD RATHER
PLAY POKER THAN EAT
One of Perugini's Complaints Against
Lillian Russell in His Suit
for Divorce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The taking of
testimony in the suit of Signor Peruginl,
who Is known in private life as John
Chatterton, for divorce from his wife,
Lillian Russell, was begun to-day In
Jprsey City before Master In Chancery
Williams. The grounds on which he seeks
to be released from his matrimonial
bonds are desertion and his wife's per
sistent refusal to live with him, notwith
standing repeated solicitation on his part
and the entreaties Of mutual friends. The
plaintiff attributes his domestic troubles
to his wife's uncontrollable Infatuation
for playing poker. He says that she pre
ferred playing poker to sleeping or even
eating. Testimony is belpg taken pri
vately. Lillian Russell has filed a cross
bill, alleging cruelty^
PORTO RICO PLANTERS
FEAR FOR THEIR LIVES
Anxious for Americans to Take Con
trol and Stop the Depre
dations.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Sept. 16.
More depredations are reported to have
occurred in the neighborhood of Utuado.
Several Spanish haciendas and cafetatas
have been burned and two Spanish plant
ers were killed. These outrages are at
tributed to the lower classes of the na
tives actuated by a spirit of revenge,
and a lawless gang of brigands which
has been operating near Ciale.
The Spanish planters fear for their
lives, and aro extremely anxious that the
Americans should obtain control In order
to afford protection, as the United States
is powerless now to preserve order in
places within Spanish lines.
POUTER'S FRIENDS ARE ANGRY.
Expect He Will Resign as President's
Private Secretary.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— A dispatch to
the Herald from New Haven, Conn.,
pays: So much bitter feeling has been
engendered over the unsuccessful candi
dacy of John Addison Porter for Governor
that his friends expect he soon will re
sipn us private secretary to President
licKlnley.
Dies in the Line of Duty.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16. — News
reached the War Department to-day of
the death at Santiago of Lieutenant Mi
chael J. O'Brien, Fifth Infantry. The
officer resigned from the army about a
year ago, but re-entered the service upon
the outbreak of the war and died in the
line of duty.
Sank in the Willamette.
PORTLAND, Or.. Sept. 16.— The river
steamer Hoag had a hole punched into
her bottom by running on a rock in the
Willamette River this afternoon, near
Oregon City. She keeled over on her
side and sank immediately. No lives were
lost, but her cargo was ruined.
ADVERTISEMENTS,
o
I We have; our JIT Two particular
♦ complete stock T. values your par-
♦. r JT. ... , !r ticular attention
lof Children's ■ is directed to.
I Fall and Winter * No r fair-minded
I Suits now on mL father or mother ;
0 hand. And a Ipjw can ask for bet- >
I- magnificent Bf^ ter values,
o-'etri'Al/ it ie : - tnn DOUBLE-BREASTED reefer
J STOCK II IS, TOO. SUITS— Coats have large
O _ sailor collars and soutache
braid ; all wool j very best
♦ jOL wearers ; no suits handsomer,
O ' -^MarK and cannot be duplicated
o Tlral elsewhere under double this
♦ ■ Dainty little suits with Iff our own manufacture. years ;
o Dainty little suits with Iff our own manufacture -
0 swell trimmings for the lit- / Jl^\ '-^S'^^' *")^fc
5 tie tots; stronger fabrics Aj^^n^ - *^*^^ "" 4 * m ***^",. .-
♦ and simpler styles for the VgAl DOUBLE-BREASTED SUITS—
4 older boys, and duplicates T -f'v Coats have rolling collars ;
2of men's styles for the $ r J-^y. perfect suits for boys from
youths— and in every suit . 8 to 14 years; extremely new
4 3 . .■ ■ "i. x i i ' , V styles ; the very best of wear-
1 originality and novelty ; low- il *> . ers ; - if. not absolutely as we
> est prices and the greatest \\\^a&* < 4 i say, money refunded at any
2 serviceableness. Every \\ jBJ\ v^< time and no questions asked
o child's garment a marvel of V ?Wm as to why not satisfactory;
4 , I-.-. *i IIMV ° ur own make and guaran-
o beauty, utility and economy. j|\Bßi teec j
o 91 law
? ._ — yr- — — . I - " ,'~ — ; — ,-■ ■X *
I S. WOOD & GO:
1 718 Market St., S. F. ;
34
MIGHTY are the Gallaghers, and
their name is legion.
Who is there in the length and
breadth of the State -who has not
heard of the prowess of the Clan
Gallagher? Not to know the Gallaghers
argues oneself unknown. To them be
longs the proud distinction of having
more members fattening at the public
crib than any other feudal tribe that
roams the hills and vales, the forests and
glades of California. Great is their pride;
the pride that is born of unbroken suc
cess in tucking themselves away into
snug corners of the treasury, waxing
rotund and defying all atempts at dls
lodgment.
Picture a Gallagher without an office or
without prospect of one! There are those
of the name of Gallagher, to be sure,
who are content to worry along in the
humdrum channels of trade, but they are
rot of the clan; they are merely imitation
Gallaghers— a sort of plugged quarter, as
it were.
No true Gallagher would think for a
moment of turning a6ide from the politi
cal trail that lies before him to tread the
broad bituminized roadway of commer
cial success. For the Gallaghers have a
mission which they will fulfill all right
unless it be that the clan increas.es faster
than offices can be created for them. It
is gratifying to note, however, that up
to date few, if any, Gallaghers have been
turned aside (or down).
The Gallaghers' millennium will come
when every office in the land is filled by
a Gallagher. It is fast approaching. Al
ready they have the municipality pretty
well calked up. and are beginning to slop
over into the State and Federal offices.
There are several things to be contem
plated in this connection. For instance,
we have even now become so accustomed
to the Gallaghers In the affairs of San
Francisco that it is not difficult to
imagine a Board of Gallagher Supervis
ors, on being notified that a new Galla
gher had come to town, hastening to
make room for him at the municipal feed
box.
What would San Francisco do without
Its Gallaghers?
Why, it would simply do nothing; just
drift along for a time and then begin to
degenerate — drop backward until those
towns to which the Gallaghers had taken
their trade had far outstripped it in the
race for supremacy, and, instead of being
the metropolis of the coast, it would be-
come merely a moth-eaten scene of deso
lation, like some back-number mining
camp. All progress would stop right
there. Ask any Gallagher and he will
tell you that the only trouble with Be
nlcla or Milpitas or Petaluma is because
none of those places have had a Clan
Gallagher; if they had they would not
be mere -hints of civilization now.
On the other hand, while your imagina
tion is running riot, fancy, if you can,
•what the Clan Gallagher would be with
the San Francisco Treasury out of busi
ness. Coxey's army would be a gather-
Ing of dudes in comparison. Think of the
misery it would entail; the degradation
of the Gallaghers having to go to work:
the trailing in the dust of a proud and
haughty name— family whose motto has
ever been, "A public office is for a Gal
lagher." Those Gallaghers would just
naturally disintegrate, crumble away and
be swallowed up in the great, mass of
plebeians. Worst of all there would be
nobody to help Judge Magulre along In
his gubernatorial canvass. . .'. I
Like a vine that has wrapped itself
around a ruin for centuries, never dying,
but each year putting forth new tendrils,
Bending fresh roots deeper into the soil,
end twining yet more closely to the Crum- ,
bling pile, so do the Gallaghers cling ! to
the treasury, reaching out after' fresh of
fices—and getting them— never relaxing
their grasp on those already, within their
embrace.
Whence came the Gallaghers? Tradi
tion first records them among the early
colonists before offices were, to be V had
for the asking, and consequently the clan
was less numerous and thriving than now.
The close of the Revolution and the foun
dation of that greatest institution of the
republic— public office— finds " the Galla
ghers speeding Westward Ho! keeping up
with the spread of offices and always In
the race.
The founder of our own branch of tho
clan, James L! Gallagher Sr.'. was born in
Detroit, April 10, 182 C. when 1 that city was
little more than a hamlet. Ills ; father
(never, ambitious in the Gallagher' sense)
was a trader on the Great Lakes, and
married a daughter' of the old Knicker
bocker Dutch family of Lasher, which
name is perpetuated in the clan, being
handed down from father to son. Hence
the James Lasher -Gallagher of to-day.
James Lasher Gallagher Sr. struggled
along in Michigan until ISSB, when, seeing
the splendid opportunities in the Golden
State for himself and family, he crossed
the plains and settled in old Tuo.lumne.
There he remained' for a decade, 'but as
mining was the staple industry there, and
the family was growing larger and began
to grasp the true meaning of office, ,he
came to San ■ Frarrcisco and in 1874 he
joined the police force.
• That was the real beginning; other Gal
laghers may have held office before—
probably did— but if bo their eminence has
been lost sight of in this newer and great
er distinction. -At any rate this is the
first recorded instance ,. of . a Gallagher—
ene of the clan— tasting the sweets of of
fice in California.". „: "■.■■ • : "'■
He is still tasting, and. tasting.. smacks
Ids lips in' keen appreciation, for having
performed his duty faithfully and well for
more than a score. of years, James L. Gal
lagher Sr. was retired . from the force
three years ago on * a pension of ■ $50 per
month,' which a grateful municipality will
continue 'to pay • him ; until .he •■ joins the
'••oAtar-' force. < Bat i nobody, begrudges
STORY OF
THE CLAN
GALLAGHER
brave Gallagher his pension, for he was a
gallant officer and richly earned his pen
sion. The act by which Gallagher gained
- greatest distinction was Ills capture,
single-handed, of Fredericks, the Blayer
of Cashier Herrick of the People's Bank
at Market and I*- Ik Btreets, After the.
murder Fri dericks secreted himself under
a building on Howard street, where he d< -
lied the law officers to arrest him. Fred
ericks was armed and had moved to be a
desperate man. but without a moment s
hesitation Gallagher, at that time well
past 60 years of age, started alone into the
inky blackness, compelled to crawl on his
hands and knees and unable to see a
thing. In this manner he groped his way
about until he came In contact with the
assassin, crouched in a corner grasping
his revolver and enabled to see his pursu
er between himself -and the opening, but
h< Bttatlng to fire on him until it was too
late. Gallagher dragged his prisoner Into
tiie open, and for this act he was taken
before every watch on the force by Chief
Crowley in person and presented to his
fellow officers as a model of bravery.
Of the seven sons of Policeman Galla
gher, Walter, the oldest, is known to
everybody as among the foremost of
Democratic purists. He is 43 years of age,
was born In Pittsburg, and no local Po
lice Court could think of doing business
without Walter Gallagher to help It along.
Nor could any Maguire boom thrive with
out him. Periodically Walter crops up as
B candidate for Police Judge, but up to
the present the people have felt that he
had his hands full in reforming the local-
Democracy and ministering justice In the
Police Courts. Appointive offices seem to
be more in line for the Gallaghers than
elective places.
Next there Is Thomas Jefferson Gal
lagher, born In Tuolumne County the year
after his parents arrived there, and a
source of great pride to his family.
Thomas Jefferson has only to see a po
litical office and that office becomes an
nexed to him right there. It is related of
him that his first manifestation of hyp
notic ability In the way of office occurred
gome years ago, when he went to San
Diego. Thomas Jefferson had not been
in town twenty minutes when a vacant
office Just walked right up to him
and, of course, it became his on
the spot. Later, when Cleveland was
elected President for the second
time and Judge Maguire was filling
the halls of Congress (and his colleagues)
with dissertations on the single tax,
Thomas Jefferson became ambitious to
hold a Federal position. Local offices
were good enough in their way, but they
were common. Any Gallagher could get
a local office, but Thomas Jefferson- was
always ambitious, and yearned to out
strip the others. So while his brothers
were content to jog along with municipal
bilUts, he just gave Statesman Maguire
a tip. and a Deputy United States Mar
shal shin under Barry Baldwin came his
way. Just to show how an office will
cling to one when it once gets hold of
him, it is only necessary to recall Cleve
land's last civil service order, which in
cludes Thomas Jefferson, among some
40.W0 others, and leaves him snugly en
sconced in the big brick building down on
Sansome street for life.
The next lower rung in the Gallagher
Jadder is Robert F. Gallagher. Now,
Robert never was proud, like the others.
No carrying a torchlight and sporting a
uniform consisting of green trousers arul
pink coat through the thoroughfares for
him; no gliding over the cobbles behind a
'Email but select band of emigrants whose
ideas of the National Anthem led them
naturally into "Die Waeht am Rhine."
Robert F. was of the studious sort, and
while the others were out purifying the
Demacracy and whooping 'er up general
ly he stopped at home perfecting himself
in his life work. He accomplished his
purpose, and now mark the result. Rob
ert F. is official reporter in Judge Wal
lace's department of the Superior Court,
drawing dov/n his 10 per diem and a few
side dishes.
James Lasher Gallagher' Jr., present
head and front of the famous clan, poli
tical Purist, with an uppercase "P," law
partner of James Q. Ma&uire and assist
ant City and County Attorney, is next on
the programme, and although fourth in
iiuo is. fiutt iv point o£ Importance. Ue ( .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1898.
too, was born among the foothills of the
Sierras, but has spent most of his years
amid the political glamour of San Fran
cisco. James was almost born to great
ness. When but a mere boy James G.
Maguire, then just budding into his politi
cal career, was a frequent visitor at the
Gallagher homestead. John Ferral, father
of ex-Judge Robert Ferral, who is an
uncle <>f the Gallaghers, was staying at
the house, and it was he whom Judge
Maguire used to visit. The Judge and
Walter Gallagher were nearly the same
age, and they became fast friends. The
Judge made much of young James, then
a lad of hardly more than a dozen years.
The boy marveled at the young legislat
or's greatness, and resolved to emulate
his example as far as lay in his power.
Law became his passion, and when he
was admitted to the bar Judge Maguire,
ripe with honors (having, among other
things, led the sandlotters against the
Democrats and filled a term on the Su
perior bench), took him into his own of-
fice as junior partner. In return for all
this, James L. Jr. is boosted into the City
and county Attorney's office and is put in
charge of Judge Maguire' s aspirations.
Fred Knowland Gallagher, the fifth of
the brothers, is spoken of with some
thing like sorrow by the others. Fred is
31 years of age and has never held an
office. He is a stenographer, and up to
the present has not even been dragged
Into a court reportership. However, his
brothers do not despair, but are steadily
at work on him. trying to instill In him
the proper degr<>' 01 ambition, with flat
tering prospects of success.
With Roy, now, it is different. That
boy is all right, and fully competent to
land square in the cream every time.
Like every true Gallagher, Roy is a Dem
ocrat of the reform stripe, and when h&
found there were not enough offices in
the control of the Democrats to go round,
he just reformed himself, and with the
assistance of Chief Reformer Maguir*
dropped into a clerkship in the County
Clerk's office, notwithstanding the fact
that Curry is a Republican.
Far reaching is the pull of the Galla
ghers.
There is one more member of the clan,
John Ferral Gallagher. Like his brother
Fred, John has naught to do with poli
tics now, but instead follows the voca
tion of stenographer. But there are some
new Judges to be elected this fall, and
as they will need official reporters, John
Ferral is not going to remain out in the
cold after the first of the year if the
Clan Gallagher pull amounts to anything
then.
ITnfortunately, there are no more boys
in the family, but as they are all married
Imt John, the youngest, the Clan Galla
gher will continue to grow and spread its
benign influence over the Democratic
party and the public offices.
Incidentally, there is the School Depart
ment always ready to give employment to
the fumak- members of the clan.
Lest one may be apprehensive that the
strain of official life may cut them off in
the flower of their life, it is of record
that the seven brothers average over six
feet In height and 185 pounds in weight;
sufficiently robust, all of them, to en
dure the tax for many years to come.
As stated before, there are more Gal
laphors in town, but they do not belong
to the clan. Ex-Judge Perral is the only
known relative in the State, and he Is
not sufficiently identified with the clan
to secure the coveted nomination for Con
gress in the Fourth District. In fact,
the ex-Judgo thinks it is because of his
accident of birth— his mother being a
Gallagher and married to Ferral— and his
consequent loss of the name of Galla
gher, that cost him the nomination.
This definitely settles the question as
to whether Maguire is a Gallagher. He
is not, although he has all the outward
symptoms of the clan. Neither are Jo
seph Leggett, nor Tim Treacy at all con
nected with the Gallaghers. Leggett's
only claim to the distinction is the fact
that twenty years ago he belonged to
K<-fnrmer Buckley's County Committee,
afterward boing elected School Director,
and has persistently sought office ever
since. Troacy's claim is even less tangi
ble. The only indication of Gallagher
ism he can point to ' with pride is that
one time he took a $4000 house on a lien
for a $300 job of street work.
As to the other Gallaghers, there are
some who do not appreciate the full glory
of belonging to the clan, while there are
others who do. Out in the Thirty-first
District, for instance, lives Charlie
Gallagher, who never missed an oppor
tunity to let people know that he is not
of the clan.
"Of course, he's no real Gallagher," re
tort the Simon pure articles. "He has
no political Job; how could he be on«
of us?"
But Charlie Gallagher once held an of
fice, and one that ought to entitle him
to the rank of high chieftain In the clan.
He was Plumbing Inspector at the City
Hall years ago, before there was a pipe
la.n in the building.
Then there is "Chippy" Gallagher, who
wishes ho were a member of the clan,
but knows it Is useless to attempt to pose
as one. Just what the status of old
original "LPt-her-go Gallagher" is among
them nobody seems to be able to ascer
tain.
LABOB COUNCIL ACTS.
A Labor Paper Which Roasted Barry
Barred Out of the Meeting
Room.
After years of exemption from politics,
through the agency of W. J. Macarthur
of the Coast Seamen's Union, a political
measure was last night railroaded
through the San Francisco Labor Council.
Two weeks ago a nerw labor paper, known
as the Labor Advocate, made its bow to
the public. It Is edited by David Cooper,
a member of the local Typographical
Union, is printed in one of the best union
offices In the city and has the union label
In a conspicuous place on the title page,
but it contains a roast on James H. Barry
—not a political roast, but simply a few
telling remarks affecting his friendship
toward organized labor. This stuck In the
craw of Mr. Macarthur. whose friendship
toward Barry is like that of Damon to
Pythias. Mr. Macarthur also runs a labor
paper, and the time is still fresh in the
memory of union men when he discharged
the men who did the mechanical work on
his sheet that he might have the type set
on one of Barry's machines. It is said
that by this transaction he saved tne
enormous sum of $10 per month and threw
one man out of work.
Last night copies of the new labor paper
were placed on the chairs of the meeting
room of the Labor Council, and Mr. Mac
arthur objected. He made a motion that
in the future this paper be excluded from
the meeting room. The attendance was
very poor; in fact, the most of those
present were but tails to Macarthur's
kite, so he had little difficulty in getting
his motion passed. S. L. Robbins, presi
dent of the council, expressed his regn-t
at Mr. Macarthur's action, characterizing
it as simply a political move, and a mat
tor which should never have been brought
before the council.
SPELLING IS ELUSIVE.
The Iroquois Club Wants to Expel
Him, but Cannot Find Him.
. The Iroquois Club held a T. Carl Spell
ing session last night, but T. Carl did not
grace the assemblage with his presence.
The club wants to expel him for laying
claim to being the regular Democratic
nominee for Congress In the Fourth Dis
trict. , At. the meeting a week ago a com
mittee was appointed to officially notify
him ■ that charges of un-Democratic con
duct would be preferred against him.
The committee reported last night that;
Spelling had not been found. The com
mittee was discharged, and it then
dawned on Colonel H. L. Bientield, aid
de camp to Maximilian Popper, that
charges of some kind should De preferred
against 1 Spelling. He accordingly bor
rowed pencil and paper from Secretary
Gordon and labored long and hard. A
half hour later he presented his charges
and read them in tragic tones. He looked
around to see the effect of his literary
work, and was taken with a severe chill
when. Judge Lemon remarked that a
blind man could drive a four-horse team
througti the complaint. Attorneys George
Cablness and W. H. Cannon went to the
rescue ■. of the colonel and spent another
half hour with him in thV'knockexy," a
small room off the main assembly hall.
The trio turned out a: piece of work so
bristling with "af oresaids", and other le
gal terms that that astute attorney, the
. venerable Chief of Palice Lees, could not
have found a single aefect in the com
plaint he been present. Cannon and
Cabaniss, in recognition of their services,
were placed .on a committee with A. D.
Lemon. L. J. Welch and Robert Ferral
and delegated with full authority to
catch Spelling, serve a copy of the com
plaint on him. try him, return a verdict,
and,. as very sagely remarked by Chair
man McMann, fix the penalty" for the
crime. Spelling will probably at once
plead guilty when the committee over
hauls him. . As an attorney he will quick
ly recognize the futility of "standing
trial." ____
Favor Spelling's Suspension.
The campaign committee of the Demo
cratic Central Club met last night to con
sider the matter of expelling T. Carl
Spelling from the organization because of
his claim that he is the regular Demo
cratic nominee for Congress in the Fourth
District. Spelling appeared before the
committee and vigorously objected to
being tried, claiming that he was only
asserting his right. He said that it would
be shown within the next few days that
he was the Democratic nominee instead of
the Populist-Silver Republican-Democratic
nominee, Jame3 H. Barry. After a
lengthy discussion it was decided by the
committee to report to the club that Spell
ing be suspended pending the establish
ment of his claim to the Democratic nomi
nation.
GAVE MAGUIRE A
HEARTY WELCOME
A Decidedly Mixed Crowd of Oakland's
Citizens Listen to Some of His
Stock Campaign Doctrines.
Oakland Headquarters S. F. Call, !
908 Broadway, Sept. 16.
Men and women of all shades of po- j
litical opinion gathered at the Taber- j
nacle to-night to hear some of the i
"Union party" candidates tell of the
same old "issues" that repose in the
Bryan sepulcher and to see James G. |
Maguire.
It was not an enthusiastic meeting
nor was it a dull one. The audience
seemed to resemble the sectarian
preacher's idea of heaven. It was not
a unit, but composed of sections.
Judging by the continually changing
locality of the cheering all the Populists
were in one section, all the Democrats
in another, and the Bimetalllsts and Sil
ver Republicans also had a corner by
themselves.
The last appearance of Mr. Maguire
In Oakland was prior to the election of
November, 1896. On that memorable
occasion he debated with Colonel John
P. Irish on the great superiority of sil
ver over gold, and so successful was he
that Alameda County gave such a
great sound money majority that it
made her famous in the West and re
stored to her the State Republican ban
ner. Mr. Maguire failed to refer to
that event.
Henry C. McPike was placed in the
chair, and after stating that the cam
paign is one of advanced ideas on one
side and of tradition and history on
the other, he proceeded to claim all
honor and glory of the late war for
the Democratic party.
This brought forth applause from the
Democratic section of the audience,
but the high encomiums showered so
generously on ex-Secretary of the Navy
Whitney brought forth no waving of
hats or thumping of canes from the
Populists.
When Chairman McPike referred to
th- great strides taken under the Cleve
•and gold administration a cold chill
an through the ranks of the silver
men.
Edward L. Hutchinson, candidate for
Lieutenant Governor, made an earnest
speech and he evidently believes what
he says. Mr. Hutchinson made a little
slip that showed how careful a candi
date must be - ho is carrying a load of
nominations. He evidently forgot that,
Mr. McPike had claimed all the glory
in the subjugation of Spain for the
Cleveland administration, for he ex
pressed all kinds of regret for the be
trayal of the people's rights by '"the
setting up of the golden calf" by that
same Cleveland.
J. Aubrey Jones, the "Union party's"
nominee for Congress, spoke a few
minutes and made quite a hit by his
original remark relating to "equal
rights for all and special privilges for
none."
A couple of minutes was given to
Thomas Scott of Livermore who said
that he was certainly not an office
seeker, for he was at his home when
he was nominated for the State Board
of Equalization, and did not know It
until he read it in the newspapers. Hon.
James G. Magulre was next introduced,
and his speech proved somewhat of a
disappointment. Not more than half
the people that heard his opening para
graph were present when he reached
the pledges of what he will do pro
vided he is elected Governor. Mr. Ma
guire spoke substantially as follows:
This is by far the greatest political
meeting that I have witnessed in the city
of Oakland. The meetings which I have
had the honor of addressing throughout
the State in the present campaign have
been greater, more earnest, than any that
I have met in the previous political his
tory of California. This appears to be
a new era of Democracy, a new uprising
against the organized power of privilege,
not mere wealth. Wealth honestly ac
quired and not interfering with the equal
rights of other men, is not to be opposed,
and is not opposed by the doctrines of
Democracy. What we oppose is special
privilege, under the sanction of the law
by which men of wealth may place them
selves in a position to take from others
without giving equivalent return, by force
of legal power that ought never to be
given to special classes. (Applause).
In the great movement of which this
meeting is a part, we have in California
to-day a welding of the popular forces in
the union movement consummated be
tween the Democratic party, the People's
party and the Silver Republican party of
the State. That union, honorable in its
character, patriotic in its purpose, stands
at every point of that great principle of
equal rights to all, special privileges to
none, which was Jefferson's summary of
the purpose of Democracy.
I am proud to be to-day the candidate
of the Democratic party of California for
Governor; prouder that the People's
party, to which I do not belong, has seen
in me and my purposes and principles
enough of hope for popular right to jus
tify them in naming me for the same of
fice. And I am proud that the element of
the Republican party most truly repre
senting all the grandeur, all the nobility
of purpose, all the high principles of the
party of Abraham Lincoln, recognize in
my public utterances, in my public acts,
a sufficient adherence to Abraham Lin
coln's declaration of the true purpose of
party in this country to honor me with
their unanimous nomination. I feel, too,
that we enter upon this contest under
peculiarly favorable auspices. The union
ticket, as has been well said, was put
forth by untrammeled conventions; the
men who have been named represent no
special interests, no individual Interest,
no combination of privileges.
They represent the confidence and es
teem of the people of their several lo
calities, represented in their State and
district conventions. Prom the Lieuten
ant Governor— l might as well call him
Lieutenant Governor now— it was a slip
of the tongue, but I believe my mature
judgment woflld justify me in repeating
it— l think he is already elected— has had
a most honorable career In Southern Cal
ifornia, both in private and official life,
and has made an enviable record therein
fighting for the same principles to which
he has pledged himself in his platform
All along from Lieutenant Governor
down to the last man on the ticket 1 feel
hat I can say the same.
The Republican party is claiming all
'he credit for the war. TtLs is a habit
they have. Some men are Cycling that
they are more patriotic than people be
longing to other parts of the country. I
deny it. I honor the patriotism of the
Republicans of this country. I claim
that nowhere nor under any condition is
there any Justification foV questioning
the patriotism of the Republicans in the
late war. The Democrats were just as
patriotic. I claim no more. The Populists
w«re just as patriotic. I claim no more.
The Silver Republicans were just as
patriotic. I claim no more. But there
have been in the history of the worlfl.
the history of civilization— l think It came
in with civilization— Pharisees, Pharisees
who have always been going about say
ing in one form or another, I am holier
than thou." To say we are more patri
otic than our fellow citizens is just to
put the Pharisee praise in other terms.
; This country has been reunited through
the patriotic devotion, self-sacrifice,
courage and heroism of the people of all
parts and of all sections. It shall not
again be disunited in sentiment or in
tnought or purpose for the advantage of
! any man or of any party.
Mr. Magulre then reviewed the al
leged neglect of the soldiers while in
camp and abroad and continued as fol
] lows:
One of the burning questions dealt with
i in all of the platforms of the union party
!is that of the Pacific railroads. For the
last five years a contest has been roing on
to determine whether the Pacific railroad
should be compelled to pay.
their debts to the Government or be given
an extension of time, variously demanded
at from two to four generations in tne»
future. We have stood for the immediate
payment of the debts for five years. The
combination of railway influences at
■Washington and the combination of
monopoly interests generally were unable^
to secure a single advantage in that fight.
Among those who stood bravely by us and.
with us in that light was Samuel G. llil
born, your member from this district.
I do not commend him now simply be
cause the Southern Pacific Company has
beaten him for Congress for nomination-
Hut you will bear me witness that oa
every occasion upon the close of each*
Congress in which we served I haver
given to Mr. Hilborn and to every Repub
lican who stood by the right as I under-r
stood it, full credit equally with the Dem
ocrats who stood for the right in thaC'
contest. In 1896, as freely as I do to
night, I gave the facts concerning tha
conduct of each and all of California •
representatives, including Mr. Hilborn*
who stood with us then and stood with u»
in the last fight.
But Mr. Huntington has since declare*!
that it is not the intention of the com
pany to pay the debt within ten years.,
He said in interviews published in The
Call and Examiner *hat he expected far
ther legislation on the question; that at
great many things might happen within,
a year; that the company must have at*
least thirty years to pay the debt, andi,
they are going: to make an effort thiar
winter to secure an extension of from/
thirty to eighty years, according to tha
temper of the people of California as it;
shall be displayed in the present election*
If they are indorsed by the people i»
the present campaign, Mr. Huntington,
will rub his hands and say: "Gentle
men, do you want anything more to prove l
that these men, who for five long year*
kept me on the gridiron by opposing re
funding, did not represent the people of
California?" And if he shall be in a po
sition to go back with his Sacramento
ticket elected, why I would hardly have
the courage to say that he had not got a
popular verdict in his favor.
I have not a word to say against the
distinguished gentleman who has been
nominated for Congress in this district,
Victor H. Metcalf. He is a friend ot
I mine. He is a man in whom personally
I have coniidence. I do not believe that
he was supported because he was a rail
road tool, but he was supported becausa
the railroad people by supporting him
could punish Hilborn, and that was their
purpose.
They could accomplish in that matter a
double purpose/. They could punish Hil
born and they could hold Hilborn's pun
ishment up as a warning to other Rejmb
lican representatives and office-holders
who might in the future think of having
campaigns of their own or daring to da.
anything that the railroad company did
not want done.
Alameda's Election.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 16.— Primaries for tha
selection of delegates to the county con
vention will be held in this city to-mor
row, the polls opening at 12 m. and clos
ing at S p. m. There will be but one
ticket In the field, and it bears at its
head the designation, ."For James Bar
ber for Tax Collector and Oscar Rogers
for Sheriff." Those are the two county
offices which Alameda wants, -and for
which the delegates tot be elected to-mor
row will fight. Besides these two the
delegation will support E. K. Taylor for
State Senator and J. R. Knowland for
Assemblyman. The delegates who will
be voted for to-morrow are as follows:
Ralph Hamlin, Edward Onrtami P fhrta
tensen, G. F. "Weeks. H. H. Tudi. Louis Vos
burp. 'W. B. Hinchman, Idnwood Palmer, F.
J. Fletter, J. Henry Oias, J. A. Monroe, A. W.
Cornelius, Charles Ppeiser, J. L. Ballentine, B.
L. Fisher. Max Gunfflach, H. A. Thompson.
Frank Fabons. J. Clem Bates. E. M. Keys, C.
J. Hammond, E. R Bullock, Charles Frost, W.
P. Dillon, C. L. Tlßdale, W. W. Haskell. G. W.
Emmons, Philip Kiernan, L. H. Transue. Ed
ward Houston, L. Schuler, Julius Mapnln. John
Beebeck, C. M. Day, L. T. Cranz. P. Pernta.
J. B. Lanktree. F. E. Umwnlnp, L. A. Hagey,
Henry Muller, Henry Tank, J. H. Hanley.
Picked Their Delegates.
The West End Republican Club of tha
Thirty-seventh Assembly District met
last night and selected the following
names to be presented to the County
Committee as delegates to the municipal
convention: P. O. Burton, Robert P,
Lucy, Dr. W. L. Williamson, General E«
S. Salomon, A. C. Forsyth, D. B. Faktor,
Solomon Bloom, George Fiddes, B. Zei-«
mer. Louis Harker. John Bennett and. O.
C. Pratt. The following were selected for
the legislative convention: A. C. Robin
son, P. A. Danskin, John P. Hayes, C. C.
Morris, W. H. Little, Judge William
Pierce, John Kline and I. P. Kincaid,
Speeches were made by Messrs. Van Du«r
zer, Mowry, Salomon and others.
Independent Democrats.
The Independent Democratic Club of
the Twenty-fourth Senatorial District was
organized last night at 439 O'Farrell.
street. The following officers were elect-*
ed: George H. Collln, president; Benja-«
mm Kiernan, vice president; Steve A.
Gill, treasurer; John Thornton, financial
secretary; S. W. Wilson, recording secre-*
tary; Skip Johnson, sergeant at arms; eS
ecutive committee — George H. Collin-
Steve A. Gill, John Thornton; financial
committee — Benjamin Kiernan, Jame3
Ward, Joseph Hyde, Gus Hornbeck; cam
paign committee— S. W. Wilson, Steve A.
Gill, Waltej F. Hanly, John Glennon #
John Koegan.
Young Hepublicans.
The executive committee of the Younjp
Men's Republican League Clubs of San
Francisco met last evening at quarters,
242 O'Farrell street. Frank Spencer,
president of the league, presided. Over
two hundred new names were added t<s
the general roll from the district rolls.
The committee also received from the
State Central Committee 500 campaign
buttons. A resolution was passed direct
ing the secretary to distribute the but
tons as far as they would go among tha
district clubs. Other matters of import
ance were laid over until the meeting o«
the committee next Tuesday evening.
Julius Kahn Speaks.
The Forty-second District Republican,
Club held an enthusiastic meeting at
Golden Gate Hall last night. The address
of the evening was delivered by Juliu*
Kahn, who was followed by Thomas K.
gase D. M. Sullivan, Judge Severance, Q.
S Graham and many others. The club
indorsed G. S. Graham for School Direc
tor.
Held a Smoker.
The members and frieads of the Rail
way Employes' Political Club No. 1 held
a smoker last evening at Crusaders*
Hall, 909 Market street.
BRADNER W. LEE TO
CONDUCT THE FIGHT
Will Manage the Campaign for the
Republicans in Los Angeles
County.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.— The Repub
lican County Committee was organized
to-day. Bradner W. Lee was by unani
mous vote re-elected chairman. Mr. Lea
served In this capacity in the campaign
of 1896 and it was owing to his manage
ment that the county gave McKinley a
majority. His re-election as chairman
g\ves general satisfaction among Repub
licans. As a mark of confidence the com
mittee left to Chairman Lee full power to
name auxiliary officers of the commit- (
tee and to select an executive committee
W- P. James was to-day nominated by
the Republicans for Township Justice
one of the most Important offices, as over
5000 cases were disposed of in that court
during the past twe years. '
G. W. Brown and H. H Yoifken w«n
nominated for Constables. OUKen wer «DEMOCRATS
FIX UP THE
PROGRAMME
Municipal Convention to
Be Held Monday.
BOSSES, THE WHOLE SHOW.
COMMITTEE OF ONE HUNDBED
WILL NOMINATE.
Disgraceful Scenes Attending the
Proceedings by Which This
Conclusion Was Beached.
Gag Bule.
Th.' Democratic Committee of One
Hundred met last evening and de-
cided that the Democratic municipal
convention shall be held next Monday
evening. It also decided that the mem
bers of the committee shall be the
members of the convention, all others
being l-arred because of an expressed
fear th.it there are no honest men In
the Democratic party in San Francisco
outside of the members of the com
mittee.
The pioceedings that marked the ac
ceptance and ratification of the pro
gramme rose above the high water
mark ji anything in the way of boss
rule tactics that has ever been seen in
this city. The gray bearded chairman
took hies orders openly from beardless
boys, misstated questions, announced
minorities as majorities and declined to
recognize any member not included In
the list of programmers; cards con
taining the names of men who were
elated to fill vacancies were handed out
to members of the "push," who were
Instructed to present the names to the
committee; other names were refused
consid lation, or if considered at all, !
the votf of their adoption was improp- I
erly announced in order to secure their (
defeat; those who desired to speak
against the programme were hissed !
down or denied the privileges of the
floor.
After Chairman McDonald had call
ed the meeting to order Charles W.
Fay. chairman of the sub-committee,
appointed at the last meeting to pre- j
pare a plan for a convention, handed '
in hi.s report and asked that it be
adopted. The report is as follows:
To thfi Honorable the Democratic City :
1 ounty Committee of San Francisco]
itlemen: Your committee appointed
>rt a plan for Holding- a conven
tion of the Democratic party Tor the pur- :
; of nominating candidates for the va
rious offices to be titled at the ensuing;
i election beg leave to report as ;
;U of their conference and recom- !
. the adoption thereof:
First— That ;i convention be formed for
ajid held on .Monday, September 19, ISt«S, :
at 8 o'clock p. m.
nd— That the convention consist of
not more than luo members or delegates.
Third— That the t ny and County Com
appolnt tli" delegates, and the del- j
. convention consist of mem- ■,
! the City and County Committee
and such others as may be elected to till i
iccasioned by resignation
, es.
Fourth— That as some members of this 1
committee have announced that they
would r>e candidates for ottice and would !
not participate in the convention, that
members of the committee who are
candidates for office other than for Board
pervisors, ttoard of Education and
members of the Legislature, be requested
to resign forthwith an delegates to the!
ntion in order that tne City ana
County Committee may select and ap- ]
I ■ delegates In their places.
To further carry out the plan presented, l
your committee herewith present a reso- ]
. and unanimously recommend its
ion:
}{• solved, That the Democratic City and
County Committee of the city and county
of Ban Francisco, State or California,
deem It expedient to call a convention of
tin- Democratic party of not more than!
100 members fur the purpose of nomlnat
ing candidates for ail municipal, county '
or city and county offices, ana for all ju
dicial offices, and for members of the Leg
islature of the State of California, and!
all of which said nominees are to be
voted for at tn>- general election to be
held on Tuesday, November 8, IS9S.
That said convention be held on Mon- !
day evening, September 19, 1398, at the '
h"-,ir of 8 o'clock, or as soon thereafter |
as said convention shall organize, and
that the place of meeting shall be Native
Sons' Hall, or such otner place in thp
city ami county of San Francisco as a
majority of the members of said conven
tion shall determine.
That the delegates selected to said con.
vein i<>n be the following named persons:
K. Beverly Cole, Dr. C. A. Clinton,
James Denman, M. Greenblatt, A. Comte,
Jr., \V. B. Cope, Charles W. Fay, J.
M. Cline, George MeUilllvary, Jeremiah
Deasy, K. J. Doolan, Francis J. Heney,
William T. Hess, Thomas P. Plnder hu
Jones, D. C. Murphy, Dr. T. B. Leland
I. Gutte. A. B; Maguiro, R. V. Whiting'
P. J. McCormick, Howard Park, G. How- i
ard Thompson, Jeremiah Cotfey, John
McGilvray, Dr. T. T. Shumate. H. H
Hernan, J- inlay Cook, F. K. Lane, E \
Bridgford, Timothy Lyons, W. H. Vin
cent. William C. Murdock, Daniel O'Neii
W. H. Meade, Patrick Boland, J. C. Me-
Kinstry, George F. Lynch, Rudolph Her
uid Jr., Charles E. Jones, Samuel ttraun
hart, M. C. Hassett, Leo Kaufmann,
Louis Bartlett, \\ . D. Farran, Lawrence i
Brannan, P. H. McCarthy, P. j. Tomalty,
J. N. Nougues, John H. Grady, Thomas !
J. Walsh. Timothy 1. O'Brien, John Fay
Jr., Thomas Murray, Sidney M. Van
Wyck Jr., Max Popper, Harry N. Kelly,
W. J. McGee, James Butler, Edward!
Reddy. Edmund Godchaux, E. P. E. Troy, I
William A. Murrison, James V. Coleman,
Henry Lichtenstein, R. V. Curtis, F. C.
Drew, J. V. Cavagnero, J. H. Hansen,
Matthew Lally, Barney McKinne, J. B.
Relnstein, usgood Putnam, John P.
Twigg, John Reedy, Dr. Max Magnus,
P< rcy Henderson. L. F. Byington, Ben I
Hawes, Bart Burke, C. M. Stoitz, CTitus
Barbour, Dr. C. A. Dozier, Barry Bald
win. Jasper McDonald, Joseph Leggett,
George Smith, J. L. Gallagher, John E.
Buckley. Emll Pohl, J. D. Maxwell, Law
rence Hoey, John Heney, William J. Ren-
Wick, C. J. Gallagher," William P. Sulli
van Jr., William T. Humphreys, H. L,.
Rea and w. p. Sanborn.
An attempt was made to rush the
adoption 0 £ tne resolution and report
before any discussion could be had, but
Judge E. A. Jiridgford secured the floor
uirougn an oversight of the chairman.
He vigorously opposed the adoption of
the resolution because he believed it to
De undemocratic and contrary to the
wishes of the people
"We are here as the representatives
of anti-boss rule," he said. "Are we
going to constitute ourselves bosses? I
understand that this thing has been
programmed for more than a week and
that candidates have been making their
lights accordingly, i am opposed to
this sort of thing, and I trust the mem
bers of this committee will not commit
such a grievous error as would be the
case if this proposition is adopted "
Barney Me J£inne declared that the
proposition was a good one, and it was
the only thing to be done, as it would
be dangerous to attempt to select dele
gates to a convention because the dele
gates might be captured by the bosses
Francis J. Heney wanted to know if
the members of the committee of one
hundred were the only honest Dem
ocrats in the cfty. Mr. Heney scored the
committee for its corrupt methods and
was just beginning to get -warmed up
to his subject when the nod was given
to the chairman, who at once declared
that the five minutes allotted to a
speaker had expired.
Heney asked to be allowed to pro
ceed, but youthful Mr. Park of Susan
ville objected. A vote was taken on a
motion to allow Heney more time, but
although the "ayes" were in the ma
jority the chairman ruled that the mo
tion had been lost. Several members
volunteered to give Heney their time,
but the chair ruled that this could not
be done. The chair's ruling on this
point was sustained by youthful Mr.
Park.
The following named members of the
committee resigned as members of the
convention because they are candidates
for office: R. P. Doolan, A. B. Maguire,
James Denman, John H. Grady, T. J.
Finder, Franklin K. Lane, M. Green
blatt and Finlay Cook.
J. B. Reinstein, Barry Baldwin and
John McGilvray being out of the State,
their places in the convention were de
clared vacant. On motion it was agreed
not to allow the use of proxies in the
convention.
Following are the names of the men
appointed to fill the vacancies in the
membership of the convention: C. M.
Goldaracena, August Tlllman, John L.
Moore, John F. Burns. James Camp
bell, L. H. Ward, Livingston Jinks,
James Hart, H. A. Conrad, Walter E.
Doran and Edward Lunney. The
scenes attending the filling of these va
cancies have been already alluded to.
The committee of one hundred will
meet at 7:45 o'clock Monday evening,
and fifteen minutes later it will resolve
itself Into a nominating convention.
OTTS WINS OUT IN
A RATTLING BATTLE.
HE AND DENNIS PUT UP EIGHT
HARD-FOUGHT BOUNDS.
Paddy Maloney Forfeited Half His
Prize Money, so Tommy Burke
"Lay" Down — Kennedy Made
Some Speeches.
Manager Jim Kennedy of the Excelsior
Athletic Club was very much in evidence
last night at the club's monthly "ama
teur" boxing bout held In Teutonia Hall.
In fact, the versatile James was the
whole "works," as one ring-goer tersely
put it. His speeches were gems in their
way and did much to mollify the few
hundred sports who waited two weary
hours for two "amateurs" to arrange
their grievances.
As a dispute had arisen over a question
of weight between Paddy Maloney and
Tommy Burke, who had signed to fight
at 125 pounds, the event of the evening
was put on first to reconcile the howling
crowd.
"Billy" Otts of the Excelsior Athletic
Club and Jack Dennis of the Olympic
Club were Introduced as the bright par
ticular stars of the evening. Referee Me-
Devitt sent the two men together a little
before ten and the long wait was for
gotten in the lively battle that followed.
Otts weighed IH2 and Dennis ISO I^. The
former possessed superior science, ag
gressiveness and grit and these points
gained him a decision at the end of eight
rounds of hard lighting. Dennis was
awkward and less of a ring general, but
he dealt his rival blows that mieht have
ended the chances of a less plucky boy.
In the first ivo rounds it looked easily
Otts' fight, as in the exchanges he lajid
ed often and hard. The third round found
Dennis greatly improved. He went after
Otts, and received some stingers in re
turn for the blows he landed. Tne blood
flowing from his sore mouth impelled him
to greater efforts. Quickly turning on his
merciless rival he dealt him a left swing
on the jaw. completely staggering him.
Otts was at sea for the moment, and but
for the eagerness of Dennis he would
have been out. He rallied quickly and re
turned to the fray with vigor.
Both boys took a severe beating in the
rounds that followed, and the howling
spectators were puzzled to pick the win
ner. In the seventh round Dennis set
such a hot pace that his efforts left him j
weak and exhausted. Although Otts was
the fresher and stronger of the two his i
blows seemed to have lost their steam, j
and he could not deliver the coup de |
grace.
The eighth round found the two young
sters ready for more gruelling. After
shaking hands. Otts set the pace, but re
ceived many reminders that Dennis was
there by the swings he received in the
stomach and on the jaw. Both were so
interested in giving each other punish
ment that the sounding of the gong was
unheard, and Sergeant Brophy motioned I
them to stop. Otts was given the dccl- i
sion, which was greeted with yells of de- !
light by his club mates. Dennis put up j
such a good fight that many favoreu a
draw.
Paddy Maloney, a pupil of Jimmy An
thony, who was guilty of being over
weight, and Tommy Burke, who declined j
to tight unless his rival forfeited half the
purse per agreement, then entered the
ring. '"Ow jmuch is he over weight?"
veiled a spo/t. "'Af a pound." replied
Jimmy Anthony, and the trouble began.
Burke aroused laughter by his funny
antics. His leads and foot work were
something new. and when at the end of
thf round Maloney "got on" he pummeled
his man even after the gong sounded. In
the middle of the second round Burke j
dropped in a rally and squirmed as if he I
hnd been struck over the heart. He was I
counted out, but the initiated say he
"lay" down, as he was entitled to '"af"
the purse.
Sergeant Brophy and squad kept excel
lent order during the evening's entertain
ment.
"OTHELLC" AT
THE CALIFORNIA
Benefit for Mrs. Hilderbrand
Under the Auspices of the
Tennessee Regiment,
The members of the Tennessee Regl
mrni, deeply sympathizing with the
widow of Henry Hilderbrand. who was
k'lleri by one o'l their fellow soldiers, have
determined to give substantial proof of
their feelings so far as they are able by
p» eventing to Mrs. Hilderbramt the entire
proceeds of a benefit enterta! imon; which
has been arranged for tho evening of ihe
SOtu of iris month at the California Thea
ter.
It is proposed to produce the play of
"Othello," under tne auspices of the regi
ment, and the commiitee has secured for
this purpose the services of the Dudley
Stanhope stock company, a well known
society organization. Miss Eleanor San
ford of Oakland will on this occasion
make her debut as Desdemona. She
has appeared in many amateur perform
ances and has given convincing evidence
that she possesses considerable histrionic
talent.
ALEXANDER G. BELL, OF TELE
PHONE FAME ARRIVES.
Alexander Graham Bell, the inventor of
the telephone, arrived last night on the
Central overland, accompanied by his
wife and daughters. Tie will leave this
city to-day on the Coptic for a short trip
to Japan, returning here in about two
months.
"I have not given the telephone much
attention of late," ho said last night, "for
I have not been connected with any tele
phone companies during the last fifteen
years. Aerial navigation and its multi
tudinous problems have absorbed my
time to the exclusion of all other scien
tific questions. I am now preparing a
series of papers on the subject of aerial
locomotion for the National Academy of
Science. They will bo published soon after
mv return to this country. Aerial navi
gation is coming; it is almost here. I
was a witness of the first practical aerial
test made — that of Professor Langley
witn his aerodrome propelled by steam,
and we may soon expect great strides in
this line of invention.
"A subject of deep Interest to me is the
teaching of the deaf to speak and to read
from the motion of the lips. California
is backward in this respect, as this new
and much approved method is not In use
in the schools for the deaf In this State."
Special Musical Services.
At the Church of the Advent, Eleventh
street, near Market, there will be a spe
cial musical service next Sunday even
ing, commencing at 7:45 o'clock. The
service will be rendered by the full vested
choir of fifty men and boys, with full or
gan accompaniment, and among numbers
of special interest will be the "Cathedral
Psalter," chanted antiphonially, several
appropriate anthems and a benediction
hymn sung in the form of a cross before
the altar. The public is invited. All seats
free.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
MANY SLATES
PROMISE AN
OPEN CONTEST
Politics in Alameda
County.
CONVENTION NEXT MONDAY
LEGISLATIVE TICKET NOW AL
MOST COMPLETE.
Every Ward and Township Offers a
Puzzle That the Slickest
Are Unable to
Solve.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Sept. 15.
There is a slate ready for the county
convention which meets at San Leandro
next Monday.
There are two slates— three slates— half
a dozen slates. And as many political
cliques In the county are putting in the
twenty-four hours prior to to-morrow's
primary by smashing them Into splin
ters.
To-night the different sections of the
Republican family are busy making up
tickets to place before the voters at the
primaries to-morrow. These tickets are
more than a studj-; they are a score of
studies. In every ward and township
a puzzle exists, and the men who would
be lucky are rucking their brains to try
to discover the solution. There Is a
good deal of trickery b^lng done. Not
vicious trickery, of course: but that
good natured practice of trying to sub
vert each other's place that is so char
acteristic of Alameda County. The man
agers and candidates are passing each
other on Broadway with one eye on either
side of the street.
There seems to be a unity of desire to
put about four men on the ticket but
outside of these everything is ennos.
These men are Fra^k Jordan for County
Clerk. Charles Spear for Recorder Henry
Dalton for Assessor, and, of necessity
Geo. L. Nusbaumer for County Surveyor'
Then the ways part. One faction would
like to place Tom Robinson in the Tax
Collector's office. Assemblyman Clark in
the Public Administrator's office, Arthur
Feidler in the Treasurer's office; while
others would like to see James Barber
keep hi.s position, would prefer H W
Lynch of Washington Township for Su
perintendent of Schools and Oscar Roeers
for Sheriff. Outside of these, again are
all kinds of combinations.
It is very evident that the lawyers an
ticipate a large amount of work durinc
the next four years from the Public Ad-
ministrator's office. In this scattered
county the attorney does better than the
official In this office, and there is always
a scramble for the pie. Clarence Cro
well, Fred E. Whitney, Guy C. Earl, Abe
P. Leach, George de Golla and Hugh Al
drlch, all well-known attorneys, are try
ing to straighten out this tangle to their
Individual satisfaction, but not until the
roll Is called in the convention can any
one cry "cinch!"
Interested individuals— mostly suffering
from sore heads— are attempting to create
the impression that there will be a com
plete independent ticket that will draw
so heavily from the Republican vote mat
good Democrats will have a fighting
chance. There is no reason to believe
that such a condition exists. It is true
that Justice Clift, A. K. Grim and Charles
E. Snook have withdrawn from t.ie lights
in which they started; but they only
withdrew because they saw they were
hopelessly beaten, and Alameda County
has never made a reputation for following
after losers. Mr. Grim, it is said, will run
as an Independent candidate against the
Republican nominee. Mr. Grim is an un
known quantity in politics, and there Is
no reason to believe he will prove a cy
clone.
Ex-Chief of Police Schaffer has stated
that he will run as an independent .re
publican for Sheriff. He boasts of a peti
tion having 1200 names on it; but even if
he has, petitions In Onkland do not count
for much. Mr. Schaffer says he disap
proves of the manner In which primaries
are held.
These incidents, however, will not cut
much figure at to-morrow's primary, less
at Monday's convention and none at all
on election day.
Judge Harvey D. Talcott wants a poli
tical job too cheaply. He was lniudlcious
enough to-day to confide to a few friends
on the curb that all he had spent In fur
thering his campaign was $1 50 for a hand
ful of cards setting forth his aspirations,
and every time the Judge spoke ne passed
one out with the modest remark, "Isn't
that a great face for a Judge?"
County Surveyor Nusbaumer was found
this afternoon with tears In his eyes.
When primaries come around George is
never "in it." He considers it a great
shame that no one considers him worthy
of one's steel, and consequently he never
has to fight. George resents this slight,
but during the not hours of to-day he
largely consoled himself with the sight of
the anxious, restless horde of candidates
who had competitors and who would like
to change conditions with him— slight,
neglect and all.
Another of the men who feels like do
ing a dance and who feels little anxiety
regarding the result of to-morrow's pri
maries is Assemblyman Leavitt. Frank
Is a political whirlwind, and when he
started in on the Sixth Ward to make a
campaign for Senator he simply swept
around the bay shore, scooped up every
thing in sight and landed in Berkeley a
winner bei'ore his competitors realized
■What he was doing.
The following will probably be the legis
lative nominees of Monday's convention:
Twenty-sixth Senatorial District, Frank
M. Leavitt; Twenty-eighth Senatorial
District, E. K. Taylor of Alameda; Forty
sixth Assembly District, William Mc-
Donald; Forty-seventh Assembly District,
R. Knowland; Forty-eighth. Joseph
Kelly; Forty-ninth, A. A. McKeen; Fif
tieth, J. A. Bliss; Fifty-first, Howard E.
Wright.
In order to prevent any repetition of the
scandal over registration certificates that
followed the congressional primary, in
structions have been issued by the Coun
ty Central Committee stating that no cer
tificates of registration will be received
by the officers of election unless it be
dated September 13 or laior, and has upon
it the personal seal of the County Clerk
in addition to the official seal.
The Good Government Club of the For
ty-eighth Assembly District ha.s indorsed
Joseph Harris for legislative candidate.
The tickets which have been made up
in the Seventh Ward show that there is
much difference of opinion In the east
end of town. The Jordan-Melvin ticket
contains the names, among others, of A.
A. Moore, J. W. Evans. James A. John
son, John Yule. 11. S. Pugh and Robert
A. Jackson. The Leokle- Webster com
bine lias for some of its delegates C W
Wilkins, L. M. Cobbledick, J. A. Crist, A.
J. Reid, I. I. Boak. H. M. Colby and W.
S. Dolbier. In the First Ward and In
Berkeley there will probably be but one
ticket, but at nearly all other places, with
the exception of the Fifth, tnere will
probably be two or more. The polls open
at noon to-morrow and close at 8 p. m.
The test will be: "I will support the nom
inees of the Republican party at the elec
tion to be held on November 8, 18f>8, and
have not voted at any other primary elec
tion or at any other time or place this
day."
MEXICO'S NATAL DAY
FITTINGLY CELEBRATED.
LITERARY EXERCISES AND
BALLS WELL ATTENDED.
Odd Fellows' Hall and Union-Square
Hall Crowded With Happy-
Native Residents.
Mexican residents throughout this city
and vicinity celebrated the eighty-eighth
anniversary of Mexico's independence last
evening in a befitting manner.
At Odd Fellows" Hall A. K. Coney, the
local Mexican Consul, presided over a joy
ous gathering of residents who owe their
nlleglance to the neighboring country.
Patriotic Americans who were In sym
pathy-with the celebration were present
in large numbers.
Tho hall was beautifully decorated with
American and Mexican flags and festoons,
and the pictures of the heroes who fought
for the liberation of Mexico were con
spicuously placed about the hall.
The literary exercises were keenly ap
preciated by those present, and the ad
dresses delivered in Spanish and English
were received enthusiastically by the pa
triotic Mexicans.
The success of the celebration was due
to the efforts of the following officers and
their assistants: Honorary president
Consul General of Mexico A. K. Coney.
President A. Tejeda. Vice President C. T.
Merslch, Secretary A. do la Torre. Finan
cial Secretary A. Guiterrez and Treasurer
V. D. Medina.
A similar celebration was held in Union
Square Hall by the Societ-- of Mexican
Ladies and was largely attended. Lit
erary exercises and dancing were en
joyed by those present.
Foresters' Helping Hand.
The social that was given last evening
In Alcazar Social Hall in aid of the For
esters and Companions of -the Forest
Relief Association was well attended and
it will net a neat sum for the fund of
the committee. This money will be used
in the procuring of delicacies for tht> sick
soldiers who are now at Camp Merrlam.
During the pnst week the ladies of the
committee attended -to the wants of more
than fifty soldiers a day in the sick
wards, in addition to furnishing tea and
soups to convalescents who called at the
committee's tent.
A Bloomer Girl in Trouble.
Netttie Williams, who was a waitress
in the "bloomer restaurant" started by
Captain Emlay a few years ago, was ar
rested yesterday and charged with va
grancy by Mrs. Emaly, who alleges that
her husband has left her and is now pro
viding handsomely for Miss Williams in
a fiat on Sixteenth street. She thinks
that if her rival is sent to jail for stx
months on the vagrancy charge her hus
band will return to her.
Young Black Withdraws.
William Black, who recently filed an ap
plication for special letters of administra
tion on the estate of his uncle, Thomas
Carter, the millionaire car builder of New
ark, withdrew the same yesterday in open
court. Young Black, when the will was
offered for probate, found that he was not
mentioned as one of the beneficiaries. It
is stated that he will file a contest in the
near future.
Justly Punished.
Frank 11. Alton, janitor of the National
Guard Armory on Ellis street, was yester
day fined |600 with the alternative of six
months in the County .Tall by Judge Con
lan for bHng guilty of immoral conduct.
Herbert Wilson, a contractor, was con
victed for the same offense in Golden
Gate Park, and was ordered to appear
for sentence this morning.
Supplies for Manila.
The chartered stea Condor will
probably sail this afternoon for Manila
with about 4500 tons of supplies for the
American troops. The cargo consists of
subsistence stores, clothing, boots and
shoes and drugs.
y ADVERTISEMENTS. __ : -,-,_ ._- , .
SBBB 38 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88' 88 88 88 88 28 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88
I You Can Be Strong Again, jj
BS.', • •- ■ ■-•■■•■ . .88
■ * - • ■ ■ ■ ■'• ■ , . ''-'A-'-- ','■'■'-"-' ■■,'--' ■ S3
83 ' ; N'rij£-i.N ' ri j£-i. \«v v - i^ra/' : • Don give up because drugs 55
28 7^^~^^^^^^^' have failed to help you re- 88
JLsjfif&SJßffißS&ik _ j3l g a^ n your natural vigor. •*
*] . P^^B^l^L ' ''^^1 There are thousands of mo **
*. ■ 'IHISSs^-v "^' /*% who have been cured by Dr. *.
88 ■BHSIBiv s »^^^ Sanden's Electric Beit after 88
*• - ■ Wlj^^pSl^ ".~^js i]VJ failure of drugs. »
I- "ELECTRICITY IS LIFE." |
S3 J^/Tn^D^^^^rl It is the source of all \»
i» jlK!R ic p£il-\^^fcJß[ strength. It will restore the 88
88 lost energy, make the nerves
85 strong and remove; all aches and pafns. 7 Try it. Ask for g.
Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of Men," free, with full 05
£3 : information. 83
88 DR. rA;:T.::BANDBN, * ' ■■'.'^■Z ':.■■,■' - : " -^ "»f5
88 TOS MulMt StrMt, Corner Knny, 8u rrueliai NOT IN DRUG STORES. %
88 Of flee, hours, Ba.m. to 8 p., m.; Sundays. 10 .. _ \,"T~»!., .U ■ v - .' : oe
o, to -l.i Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West Dr. Banden a Electric . Belt M
•o Second street: Portland, Or.. 253 Washington '■ never : sold In drug stores ,c»
.0* ' street; Denver, Colo., ' 931 Sixteenth street; nor. by traveling a«ents; only ; ">■
I.' Dallas'- Tex., 255 Main street; , Butte, .Mont., - ■•' our office. '- ' ,-" S3
B*. 110 North Main street. '-,;-—•'■ ■- .V .- _ , v j^_ " ■'"■' '— — ■ -'♦'■' 83
'8888"888888 88 83 88 88 82 88 8888 SfB'Bi 888888888888888888888388888888
W. H. L. BARNES
WILL REPLY
TO MAGUIRE
At Metropolitan Tem
ple To-Night.
HORACE DAVIS TO PRESIDE
SEATS TO BE RESERVED FOR
LADIES AND THEIR ESCORTS.
General Barnes Will Not Attack Ma
guire Personally, but Will Ven
tilate the Sophistries of Sin-
Tax and Socialism.
The first meeting of the campaign un
der the auspices of the Republican State
Central Committee will take place at
Metropolitan Temple th'.s evening. Hon.
Horace Davis will preside and General
W. H. Ij. Barnes address the audience.
The California quartet will sing patriotic
songs. Seats will be reserved for ladles
and their escorts. The indications are
that the vast hall will be packed to over
flowing, as General Barnes is an orator
of fine attainments and a speaker of
great popularity. He was asked last
evening if he intended to pay his respects
to Judge Maguire, the fusion candidate
for Governor. The general replied:
"I shall reply to his utterances on
socialism, the referendum and the single
tax. I shall not attack Judge Magulre
personally, but ■will show where he
stands and -what kind of doctrines he
advocates. I shall not mince words in at
tacking the principles which he repre
sents in this campaign."
The meeting to-night will be different
in many respects from that of the fusion
gathering at Metropolitan Temple night
before last when Magulre talked for three
hours on the defensive and sought by all
sorts of sophistry to explain his peculiar
notions concerning single tax and social-
Ism. The Republican speakers will be
interesting and instructive from the start
to the finish. General Barnes never
wearies or disappoints an audience, and
there is reason to expect that his speech
to-night will equal the best of his for
mer achievements on the platform. As he
is to speak in a cause which requires no
defense time will not be consumed in
apologies and explanations. The earnest
spirit with which the Republicans enter
the campaign will be exemplified in the
declarations of the eloquent speaker to
night.
Saturday evening, September 24, Hon.
M. M. Estee will address the people at
Metropolitan Temple.
To-night at Anaheim, Orange County,
J. C. Needham, Republican nominee for
Congress in the Seventh District, and
Major C. W. Kyle of San Francisco will
address a multitude of people. The meet
ing promises to be one of the most in
teresting and important ever held in
Southern California. Major Kyle left the
city for Anaheim yesterday afternoon.
J. A. Harham, Republican nominee for
Congress in the First District, is in the
field. His meetings are largely attended.
Frank D. Ryan, Republican nominee for
Congress in the Second District, will be
gin his campaign tour next week. His
district embraces considerable mountain
territory, and it is acknowledged that his
opponent is an active campaigner, but
Mr. Ryan is confident that the Repub
licans will gain a Congressman in this
district.
The Republican State Central Commit
tee is planning the tour for Henry T.
Gage, the nominee for Governor. The
standard bearer will probably take the
field the latter part of next week.
Among the callers at Republican head
quarters yesterday was L. V. Hitchcock,
chairman of the Republican Committee of
Sonoma County. A. B. Leramon of Santa
Rosa was also a visitor at headquarters.
W. R. Quy of San Diego paid his re
spects to Major Frank Mclaughlin and
others of the executive committee yester
day. Mr. Guy served as chairman of the
Ways and Means Committee of the As
sembly at the last session of the Legis
lature nnd kept a watchful eye on the
expenditures of the commonwealth. He
brings encouraging predictions of Repub
lican gains in Southern California, but
counsels that Republicans in every coun
ty of the State should be urged to active
work.
GENERAL MILLER BANQUETED
The Seventh California Gives a The-
ater Party and a Supper.
General Miller was the guest of honor
Thursday at a theater party given by the
officers of the Seventh California. About
forty officers from that regiment, the
Tennessee and the regiment of artillery
stationed at the camp, gathered in the
parlors of the Baldwin Hotel shortly be
fore 8 o'clock. The general appeared
some few minutes later and was given an
ovation. The party then left the hotel
in a body and for the rest of the early
part of the evening they followed out the
checkered career of Mary Stuart as in
terpreted by Mme. Modjeska. A supper,
served in the Baldwin dining room, was
a fitting finale to the evening's entertain
ment.
To Plead for Bernal Park.
At a meeting of the Precita Valley Im
provement Club last night a committee
of five, consisting of J. B. Yizzard, J. E.
O'Brien. Stephen Byrnes, Henry Young
and John T. Graham, were appointed to
wait on the Supervisors at the meeting
on Monday next and urge an appropria
tion sufficient to Improve Bernal Park, a
Bmall piece of land of oblong shape lying
between Army street and Precita ave
nue. t7ntil recently it was the bed of
Islais Creek.
"No One to Blame."
A verdict of "accidental death— no one
to blame," was rendered by the Coroner's
jury yesterday morning' in the case of
8-year-old George Tepper, who was killed
last Wednesday by being run over by a
freight train at the intersection of Chan
nel and Bryant streets.
OF INTEREST
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Please Mention "The Call."
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlc Furniture and flrt Ware, Importers.
117 SUTTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Lire Stock FIT lIP C. Tft 11 Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. Illlvbll a WU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCHOENiNG, a'lgssJs <i^?. p " e<L
BELTING.
LP nPfiPN Manufacturer of Belting nnd
. r. UrULll, r ace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILERMAKERS.'
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
. W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attentisa Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
: Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO EEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS,
The "World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa-
tive: At all dealers. SIERUA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1617 Market st.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
GOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1884.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Vox. ETupt. ; H. Elyth. M«r.
: C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbinsr. Steamboat
nnd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5041.
DENTIST. ~ ~"~
| DR. C V. RICHARDS, ■$ B .*£rXT&m f .
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
IREDIN6TONI RED1N6T0N & CO. gn^'^as 1 ;
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SON.
411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Represented. over $14,000,000
' FLOUR. ~~~~
' KATinNAT Flour Mills. J. Martensteln & Co.
! nAIIUIIAL SW. cor. Battery and Faclflo gt».
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RftYFS R f ft Ehtpplnic Butch«r». m
JA3- DUID3 (X U/., Clay. Tel. Mala 1»4.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
j LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Lark! a St.. S. B".
Wholesale and Ketail Manufacturers ot all
kinds of Harness 'and dealers In Busrlea.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. .lmporters S Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HUNTERS'' EQUIPMENTS.
A||||A Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
la I I 111 Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UIJI«tJ fir catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
w ■■ w 739 Market E t r eet.
i C DDEB&I'6 FOR EITHER SEX.
tLE PnUW d This remedy being in
J«n»«»«i directly to the
gSB\ '"""" tf&K seat of those disease*
4H Q s j uof the Genito-Urinary
S" :S9 Meat of reqairos no
Q i M®* of tin" Qenito-l'rinar.v
Ma HESS Organs, roi/aircs no
flj3 fwj JEIJ ehonsre of diet. Cure
JgglW— JSSi—^p? gaarantee«t in 1 to 3
-- • days. Small plain pack-
(fa *!fT TE» "X« a c - by mail, 81. 00.
«L* W iDkJKarV.ld only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER .. ft CO., Sole Agents,
214 Kearny Ft., -San Francisco, Cal.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
nrtF TUB Full Set of Teeth
mOl 13&**. extracting free $six>ap
• Ku^gf*gs£&'&' Gold Crowns 22k $350 up
1 V Fillings.- - - 25 cts. up
.S^TJ^Os^. Open Kvemngs & Sundavi
g-^^g^C^fe VAN VROOM
y^ffWvv Electro Dental Parlors
• **& if^N , Sixth and Market
w Dr. G W. Klelser, Prop.
§ the RALSTON STILL
Is the only 'ens made that
will furnish absolutely
WATER.
Indorsed by the Ralston
Health. Club. Send or call
lor particulars.
THE JUSTINIAN CAIBE CO.
521 Market St., San Frsncisoa.
DR.JMITLTY.
niHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABT.K OLD
i- Special Ist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. . Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses ofMen.frpp. Over 20 y'rV experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. HoiirsO
to3daily;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.or address
Dr. P. ROBCOE MeXCIiTY,
26% Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.
■
A miner in Scranton, Perm. . who has resided there'all his life, an<! Wetted
tn the coal mines ever since he was a boy of fifteen, and consequently is pretty
jwell known to hundreds, says that the foul atmosphere he breathed lor so
many years in the mines, the gases, the damp and the cramped position in which
he had to work, caused his entire system to run down. ' 'My stomach suffered
most," said he, "I was induced to make trial of Eipans'Tabules, and in A
month I was very much benefited. I made a practice of carrying a few of the
magic Tabules or Tablets in my pooket regularly, so as to be able to swallow one
on the first Bign of approaching trouble ; but now, and for some time past, I
am, and have been, a perfectly well man. Many of my fellow miners are
familiar with my case, and not a few of them have learned to follow my example
and always keep two or three of the Tabules in an accessible pocket, and to tak*
Cue a* tb* first sign of an Internal disturbance or anything iike a headache."
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton RHedley, Prop I..1 '..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1503.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 gutter at..
San Francisco. Telephone Mcln 917.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture" blankets, Cassimeres, Tweeds and
Flannels, 635 Market Ft.. San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for pale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
: ; ;v?.v, STZ & CO.. Amenta.
101 California at.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS. .
TflF RFRNHARTI Mattress Co.. 642 MiB»lo«
l IIC UCnnilAttU et. Telephone Main lm.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTF PULP AND PAPER CO..
iTILL/tfflLl It. 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS. f '
The OlcJ»<rt Tlrm and T.,n T-^»,t ?*-oek.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
A roTT>« of expert tuners and repn!r#rt.
PRINTING.
EC HIinHFQ PRINTER.
• V" lIHJUIiiLO en Sansome street.
REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBS<3N & CO.,
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES.
"nnUCQTIP" P'»-eminently the machine for
UUIfIUOIIU family use. 1021 Market street,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
GDI rTfV * m J23 California street.
. K. Lit I d CU.,- room 37. Tel. Main I*6l.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
TeI tc PARTRIDGE 3o3 o o rr n i c f,-
THE RICKS- CO., SBSFJSfe..
TARTAR WORKS.
A LIFO RHIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. Do LATOUR. Manage?.
Office 518 Front Street. San Francisco.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwarding Asents and Public Weigher*.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office, 210 California at. Tel. Mala MIL
WALLPAPER.
WHOLE?" ALE & retail: send for samples, "stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 92S Howard.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI ITVIW Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LUnlJIj full 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
- CARL F. HAAS manufacturer of .wood arti-
cles of any description. Planing, turning, etc.
417 Mission St., • tel. M. 5927.
000000000000000000
\*v» PALACE **?%
%GRAND immhM*
j q SAlt FRANCESCO. - q
Connected by a covered passageway.
I 0 WOO Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. O
O AH Under One Management. Q
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
-. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward -*
V American Plan.^n.OO per day and upward Vi
Q Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN 0. KinKPATRICK, Manager. q
aoocoocoooocccoooo
MAKE PERFECT MEN
>^JV DO NOT DKSPAIK ! PonotSuf-
fer Longer! Tho joys and ambitions ot
/»£** < SsySl life can be restorea to you. The very
fICT JSH "orstcaoesof Kerroun I»^T>!Htyftr3
SUO SOT DESPAIR ! Hunoi Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and smbitions of
life can b? restored to you. The very
worst e«M of S<rniu» Ilebtllty tiro
absolutely cured by PEKFKCTO
«»» TABLETS. Give prt nipt relief to in-
ySJSv '™'^^&Ssomnia, failing memory and the waste,
tx&S&f : &'-&? and drain of vital powers. incurred by
'C.AV^IB^ indiscretions or excesses of early years.
*■"■ s * ) ?*r. -■ Impart vi^or and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give / *»k bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /^flrTyvoung or old.
One 50a box renews vital energy. IvlM 6 boxey at
$2.40 a complete cure ?2?*Yt7 "' nioney re-
funded. Can be carried in vest xm*' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by THE PBRFKCTO CO., C«xton Bids., Cliicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. San Fran, and Oakland.
y^£?z£k>t££s£&?>-il3 B 's ff is a non-rolsonona
< l U^S^ m^&^ remedy for (Jcnorrhfea,
>MKF CDRE*>^%j<i Gleet, Spermatorrhcea.
J^gtjjr in 1 tosit»Ti.^| Whites, unnatural disl
B/LM Qu»r»ntf»4 M ch.irge.s, or any intiamma-
IwJ not so itrlrmre. 1 tioa, irritation or ui<-era-
J^-^Prerenu cor.'.»j4oo. :!on of mucous mom-
K»nTHEEvAHSCHEMIi;«I.no. "nos. Non-astringent.
wggSBkC:KCINNATI,O BSB Sio!U b^ JSmjffrlmt*.
W& c. S. a. 35pT or * eat ia plain wrapper,
-m -^ijjgjgjg^*. ft v ■ Circular §-ut on rtqueiU
E.JPATENTSI 3
>fiiS^3MMARKET.Sr.V.'^ l/
56
SATURDAY SEPTEMBER 17, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFPICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 18C8.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND BUNDAYI Is
6erved by carriers In tt)l* city and surrounding towns
for IS cents a we«k- By mall $6 per year: per montfc
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by nnall. $1.50 j
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway !
*EW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rifitf.a House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Murquette Building ;
C.GEORGE KROGINESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until
950 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock, j
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2618
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eloventl)
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, cptn until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbla-"A Milk White Flag."
Baldwin— "Macbeth."
Alcazar— "A Tragedy and "The First Born."
Morocco's— "The Land of the Living ■
Tlvoll—" Carmen."
Orrheum— Vandevlllet
Kew Comedy Theater—" The Leading Man." 1
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets- Vaudeville.
She Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Fig-ht.
tljmpla— Corner Mae-on and Eddy streets— specialties,
fcutro's Baths— Swimming.
Recreation Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
Coursing— lngleslde Coursing Park.
c SILLY SHEET.
* 1 1 K appropriation by the Third street Demo
cratic organ of the credit of forcing the Super
visors to adopt a reasonable tax levy is a reflec
tion upon the intelligence of the people of this city.
Neither the Finance Committee nor the Board of
Supervisors ever had the slightest intention of levy
ing a tax of $2 10 on the $100 valuation. The organ
imagined that rate, set it up as a scarecrow and pro
ceeded to demolish it with much sound and fury. It
has been established beyond controversy that at the
time the organ began its taxation crusade the Finance
Committee had not considered the levy and the Su
pervisors were scattered all over the State enjoying a
vacation.
Besides, the organ knows that every newspaper
in the city opposed the imposition of a greater tax
this year than will be absolutely necessary to carry on
the government. True, none of them attempted to
make '"politics" out of the subject, but all discussed
the question seriously and reached the same conclu
sion. If the Supervisors had been in any doubt as
to the condition of public sentiment with reference to
the tax levy previous to the organ's outery — and
there is no evidence that they had mistaken it — they
could have been under no delusions after all the pa
pers and some of^he taxpayers had spoken.
But the result is exactly what might have been ex
pected from a newspaper whose entire stock-in-trade
is blather and flap-doodle. In the tax levy the organ
had a "sure thing" political fight. If the Supervisors
had really intended to impose the $2 10 rate that
sheet would have continued its disturbance, and at
the conclusion of the affair solemnly claimed the
credit of having done its best to avert the outrage.
Now that the Supervisors have practically decided to
keep the rate down to a living figure, the organ
claims that the result was accomplished entirely
through its efforts. How was it possible to lose such
a fight as that?
There is no reason on the face of the record why
the victory of the organ should not have been twice
as important as it is. It could just as well have
imagined a rate of $4 20 as $2 10, and thus by
opposing the former levy have given itself twice as
much credit as it now claims.
The trouble with the organ is that, buried to the
chin in the wallow of its own conceit, it regards its
readers as an aggregation of imbeciles. It never
gives them the scant credit of being able to discover
that it is an irretrievable ass and that its antics are
always calculated to tickle the risibilities of a horse.
Ordinarily we do not grudge the organ all the credit
it can get for making itself ridiculous. This is a cold
and cheerless world, and a man is mean indeed who
withholds from fools any pleasure they can get out of
it. But 'here ought to be a limit to the asininity of
even so silly a thing as a yellow newspaper. If the
people of San Francisco were so foolish as to swallow
the organ's self- laudatory statements with respect to
the tax levy they would merit immediate transporta
tion to the Home for the Feeble-minded. As it is,
however, they laugh at the antics of the ridiculous
sheet.
Judge Conlan did well to lecture dog-catchers for
their brutality, but he would do better to send them
to jail. The catching of dogs might be a reputable
employment, but it isn't, and the dog-catcher might
be a reputable citizen, but he is apt to be of a dif
ferent type. So far as these people have made a dis
play of their qualifications, intellectual and moral,
they are considerably below the canines it is their joy
to harass.
In promising to make an expose of the "Wickedest
Man in California" it is to be hoped the Examiner
does not intend to make itself the vehicle for the
autobiographic reminiscence of the gentleman who
directs its circulation swear depaitment.
People who Were certain that Mrs. Botkin would
be on her way to Delaware by this time made the
mistake of forming an opinion without having any
thing to base it on, and such an opinion lacks value.
Colonel Bryan is not in that happy position in
which he can play both at soldiering and politics, and
the indications are that he would rather play at
politics.
"What's the matter with Tennessee?" shouted
Rosser after having shot an inoffensive citizen. Per
haps Rosser realizes now that a portion of Tennes
see was on a jag.
Pugilists seem to be piqued because a New York
Sheriff prevented a prize-fight, and yet the extent of
the Sheriff's offending was that he enforced the law.
When a wife-beater is found guilty and the beaten
wife begs clemency for him a suspicion naturally
arises that she did not get beaten quite enough.
Colonel Paty dv Clam is out of a job, and really
to keep such a name and a good position would be a
difficult task.
OUR TROPICAL COLONIES.
AS the only people who can live in the tropics
are such as are found there now, we must
study them, in view of the pretense that these
islands are to be held, to pass a territorial novitiate,
to eventually become States in this Union, with rep
rest ntation in the Government.
This pretense is sustained in order to make
smoother the palpable violation of the constitution
by imperialism. Our soldiers who are coming home
iron; the war in the West Indies bring us information
about the people who are able to live under that ver
tical sun. This adds only to what every educated man
knew before. A majority of the people on ai! the
Spanish islands in the West Indies are of the most
intractable negroes and hybrids. The colonels and
generals who figured as large as Alexander, Caesar
and Napoleon in the yellow press a few months ago
turn out to be but little better than roost robbers.
That four hundred years of Spanish possession of
these islands finds a majority of their people of negro
blood is evidence added to that we have already pre
sented, that the vertical sun drives all humanity to
shelter under a dark skin. Not a single American
citizen who values the integrity and perpetuity of his
country will favor the admission of such a people to
fellow citizenship, now or ever.
At the close of the Civil War we gave citizenship to
our own negroes, and have carefully prevented their
enjoyment of it. No American cares to repeat the ex
periment in the Antilles. Putting the negro ballot
into the constitution and keeping it out of the ballot
box may yet produce great evils at home. We don't
want the risk of still greater abroad.
Turning from the American to tne Asiatic tropics
we find a still more difficult situation. In the Philip
pines are ten millions of people, of about two hun
dred tribes and tongues. In the rich poison of :hat
tropical soil they increase like maggots in a dung
hill. There are a million Mohammedans and a mil
lion Chinese. There are untamed native races and a
swarm of hybrids that would drive an ethnologist
crazy to classify. The virile blood in all this human
mixture is Malay. The Malay and the Mahratta are
the only Asiatics who never feared a white man. On
the Philippine coast are two hundred thousand
Malays who live by piracy. For three centuries the
influence of Spain has tried to introduce orderly
government and the Catholic missionaries have
striven to plant religion among these people. It has
all ended in defiance of the civil power of Spain and
a revolt against the church. Every priest who is
caught is slaughtered like a predatory animal, and
nuns and sisters of the church are deflowered and
slain without compunction. Witness the number and
vexation of the problems we assume when we yield
to the cry of political hysteria. "Hold the Philip
pines!"' Can the same government deny polygamy
to the Mormons in Utah and permit it to the Mo
hammedans of the Philippines? Can the same gov
ernment deny to the Mormon church of Utah the
ownership of secular property, and escheat it to the
Federal Government, and permit such ownership to
the Catholic church of the Philippines?
If we touch the marriage customs of the Moham
medans we have to answer to their spiritual head, the
Sheik Ul Islam, backed by four hundred millions of
followers, who have the power to compel nearly
every European nation into the contention. If we
interfere with the landed rights there of the only
power that has had the intelligence to utilize owner
ship, we must answer to the Vatican and the Catholic
world. Yet, if we plant our standard there, and it
represent the equality of right to which this govern
ment is dedicated, interference is inevitable. Do we
wish to take on these complications, the end of
which none can foresee? If we admit these islands
into our body politic and their people to be our fel
low citizens, we must accept these problems with that
condition and we must equally accept them if we
govern the islands as subject colonists under an im
perial policy.
The first proposition is absurd and inadmissible.
Anglo-Saxon institutions can be maintained only by
the race which originated them, and that race cannot
live in the tropics. Anglo-Saxon self-government is
freedom. Anglo-Saxon denial to other races of self
government is tyranny. Lincoln said: "The doc
trine of self-government is right, absolutely and eter
nally right. When the white man governs himself
that is self-government, but when he governs him
self and also governs another man, that is more than
self-government — that is despotism. What I do say
is that no man is good enough to govern another
man without that other's consent." And that senti
ment is eternally true.
It may be said that the island people can invite us
to govern them, without voice, choice or representa
tion. But such government is none the less a des
potism, and we will be none the less despots, culti
vating within ourselves the spirit of irresponsible
power which will react upon our home government
to its destruction.
AN INFLUX OF ANARCHISTS.
ON one issue at least, that of suppressing an
archists, there is likely to be a concert of
Europe that will result not in prolonged and
futile diplomatic negotiations, but in prompt and
resolute action. The assassin who stabbed the Em
press of Austria has been a more potent director of
affairs than the Czar of Russia. His stiletto, fashioned
from a three-edged file, has been more effective than
the imperial rescript calling upon the nations to agree
upon disarmament. The words of the Czar were
slighted everywhere, but the deed of the anarchist
will t>e ignored nowhere.
Advices from Europe are to the effect that legisla
tion aimed at the suppression of anarchist societies
will be strictly enforced in all parts of Continental
Europe, and where such legislation is at present in
adequate to the result desired stronger laws will be
provided. Society, in fact, proposes to protect itself
against the murderous assailants who have risen up
against it, and for a time at any rate all persons affili
ating with anarchist groups will be hunted out like
wolves.
As a consequence of the new activity on the part of
the European police a considerable number of the
most violent and best known leaders of the anarchist
propaganda will seek refuge in other parts of the
world. As a matter of course many of them will
come to the United States, where in the slums of the
great cities of the East there are already disciples and
enthusiasts to receive and welcome them. We
therefore, as well as the people of European coun
tries, are concerned in the contest against this mad
spirit that threatens the existence of the social order
and delights in the murder of all who are in any way
representative of law and government.
The speech of James G. Maguire on the immigra
tion restriction bill, in which he opposed the exclu
sion of anarchists from the United States, is undoubt
edly well known to the leaders of anarchy throughout
Europe. The speech was not made in a corner.
Copies of it could easily be obtained by anarchists in
New York or Chicago for circulation among their
fellow conspirators in London and Paris. Those who
read it might readily persuade themselves that since
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
a member of Congress had thus declared himself
favorable to their aspirations they would find a large
body of supporters here. Thus the speech will be a
sort of immigration document for that class of people
and may attract to our shores many who would other
wise never have thought of coming.
We are, therefore, likely to have a large influx of
anarchists to the United States this year, and the dan
gerous criminal element among the discontented of
the great cities will be furnished with leaders even
more dangerous and more criminal than themselves.
They will be ready to profit by every disturbance
caused by a strike or riot, and make use of the
dagger or the torch to assail life and property. It
behooves us, therefore, to be as vigilant and almost
as severe as Europe itself in the task of suppressing
the murderous gang of scoundrels that have now
shown themselves to be the common enemies of marv
kind. Moreover, when we come to deal seriously
with the menace of their presence in the United States
it should not be overlooked that the Maguire type of
orators who laud anarchy are almost as culpable as
the fanatic fools who are misled by such speeches into
adopting anarchy as a creed and striking at the com
mand of its leaders.
PRESIDENT JAMES J. HILL of the Great
Northern Railroad Company is reported to
have stated recently that his road was compelled
to refuse to haul 60,000 tons of steel rails and 30,000,
000 pounds of cotton wanted in Japan and China be
cause there were no ships at the Puget Sound ter
minus of his road by which to transport that large
quantity of American produce to Asiatic ports.
From this showing two conclusions are to be
drawn. First, that the Great Northern Railway, as
well as all other transcontinental lines, should have di-
rect communication with San Francisco, the shipping
center of the Pacific Coast, in order to have the ad
vantage of the facilities for ocean transportation that
are afforded here. Second, that steps should be taken
by our Government to promote our merchant marine
so that it will be fully equal to the demands that are
being made upon it by our increasing trade with the
Orient.
The second view of the situation has been taken
by Mr. Hill, and in the course of the interview from
which we have quoted was strongly presented by him.
He is reported to have said: "My judgment is that
the fearful sums of money which the Government of
the United States has been compelled to pay for or
dinary- transport steamships suitable to be used in
times of war will compel Congress to take such ac
tion as will induce American capital once more to
find investment in the merchant marine that may be
sailed under the stars and stripes. If it does not, then
stagnation must settle down again over American
products simply because famine won't last forever,
and the United States is at the mercy of foreign trans
portation companies operating the business of the
world upon water. The American people must de
mand of their Congress such laws as will enable the
United States to compete with other nations and not
be compelled to rely on the marine commerce of
other nations."
Mr. Hill is in his political affiliations a Democrat,
but this statement shows that his business sense and
experience compel him to support Republican poli
cies where the industrial and commercial interests of
the country are concerned. The upbuilding of an
American merchant marine is distinctively a Repub
lican doctrine, and one of the clearest utterances
of the Republican national problem adopted at the
convention of 1896 pledged the party to the enact
ment of legislation to that end.
The outbreak of the war with Spain and the con
sequent occupation of the energies of Congress in
providing for the expenses of the conflict prevented
any action at the last session of Congress in fulfill
ment of the party pledge. While that was greatly to
be regretted, the delay is not without its compensa
tions. Prior to the war the country had but a faint
idea of the urgent need of an enlarged mercantile
marine. The subject is better understood now. ' In
fact the results of the war have increased the need.
Men of all parties are now favorable to the adoption
of such legislation. The views of Mr. Hill are shared
by thousands of business men who, like him, are
Democrats, but have learned from their own ex
perience that on this issue the Republican party is
right. We have the produce for sale and the market
waits. Let us provide at once the shipping to carry
it where the demand calls for it.
YELLOW KIDS OUT OF STYLE.
WITH a steady decrease in circulation, and a
willingness to swear to it, the Examiner is
really making an excellent showing for the
morals of the community. It is demonstrating that
the community is growing better, and is already too
good to read the output of the Hearstlings, and that
it has a conscience. While it is swearing so as to
include the papers sent daily to the crematory, it
could by swearing a little harder swell its circulation
to the extent of a wagon-load or so. It refrains.
Verily, this is an era of reform.
According to the Examiner's trained affidaviter
the average circulation for the month just past was
82,030. The tabulated statement specifies that 871 of
these were returned by agents. Perhaps a suspicion
that the circulator took an oath-bound whack at
them both going and coming is unworthy; but no
matter. As unsold, in office, and as samples, the
statement includes 1117, yet both of these totals figure
in the imposing 82,030. As a paid circulation there
is claimed 79,045.
Where curiosity is excited is as to the disposition
in this table of the garbage wagons full of Examiners
sent regularly to the crematory and there burned at
the reasonable rate of 20 cents a cubic yard. Six
days a week, with an extra dose Mondays, does this
happen. There must be some object in it. The man
agers of the Examiner can hardly be supposed to
print tons of extra papers merely for the purpose
of giving the crematory something to do, thus en
couraging home, industry. If spurred by such hu
mane impulses it would give its entire edition to the
devouring flames, and could swear just the same.
There is no occasion for extended comparison. It
need only be said that according to the Examiner's
own statement its daily circulation during the month
just gone was 19Q6 less daily than during the month
before, which in turn had been an avowed shrinkage.
Why this is thus is easy to understand, but why the
Examiner should permit it to appear thus. is a more
difficult problem. There are more garbage wagons,
and the stuff might be piled in them higher.
The anarchist who murdered the Empress of Aus
tria expresses love for Crispi on the ground that
Crispi is a thief. If the ex-Premier hears of this it
will i robably puzzle him to determine just how grate
ful he should feel.
When General Toral arrived at his native shore he
was hissed away. The offense of Toral was in not be
ing an idiot. It is not a surprising circumstance that
he should be unpopular in Spain. They don't under
stand him there.
THE ORIENTAL TRADE.
MODJESKA BEHIND THE SCENES.
As Modjeska greeted us in her infinitely sweet woman's way we fully realized
her charm and knew she could not be but great. Sitting there, surrounded by
flowers, the offerings of "The Sisters" and friends, she chatted of books, dresses,
horses and many things. Modjeska is an artiste, a poet, she loves everything,
and finds good in everything. No trace of her recent illness is at all manifest;
she is Quite herself again. Speaking of books she said:
"Longfellow I love best. I knew him first when I came to this
country; his benign personality will never fade from my mind." She spoke of
him more in a personal sense than in a purely literary one. Of our English and
American writers She prefers Stevenson, Hope, Emerson. Lowell and Eugene
Field. Shakespeare, she says, keeps her young, "for," she added, "I must be
youthful to play 'As You Like It." " The last play she learns is the one she likes
best; her repertoire must be large and varied or else she is unhappy. Once in
London "Camille" was her. play for three months, and she suffered horribly. The
same agony was undergone when she played Magda so many nights in New
York.
The next time we see her she is gowned for Magda. It is certainly very fas
cinating to be in the drt-ssing room of a Modjeska or IJernhardt. So much frou
frou, so much that is beautiful in the way of clothes and jewels abounds in reck
less profusion, the very air is rich with an intoxicating, intangible something that
is to be found in no other place outside of this sacred portal. It is a privilege
that Modjeska grants to but few. The robes in which she plays Egypt's dusky
queen are by far the most magnificent that have ever been seen in San Fran
cisco. Kernhardt's Cleopatra gowns were beautiful, but they pale into insignifi
cance when compared to these. Of course they were made in Paris. Monsieur
Rops and Modjeska made and designed them. They are as nearly historically
correct as 'tis possible for good taste and becomingne.ss to have them.
For more than twenty years Helena Modjeska has been studying Cleopatra
and her gowning. The fashions changed then as they do now, not so radically,
though. Madame pays that the beauty of the Nile wore those straight plaits
hanging clown either side of her face only when occasion demanded it. For that
style of hair dressing is not becoming, and Cleopatra was by far too clever to
make herself ugly.
The general design of Modjeska's gowns for this play consists of garments
that revel in long undulating lines. A veil is fastened on the back of the
neck of each dress and this of Itself give*? a grace that might
have lured away any Antony. Modjeska has five creations in which
to personate this barbaric queen. The first robe Is one of gold and gorgeously
beautiful it is. It is made of gauze tissue embroidered with jewels and peacock
feathers in the sacred ibis and scarabee designs. The sleeves are long and flow
ing, as is the golden veil. The ceinture, Egyptian necklace, armlets, bracelets
and shoulder bands are composed of pearls, rubies, sapphires, emeralds and
other jewels of the olden time which form such a wealth of color and brilliancy
as fairly takes the breath away. Jeweled sandals partially cover the feet. A
MODJESKA AS CLEOPATRA.
(From a Sketch by Her Nephew.)
jeweled sheath covers a wicked twisted knife that is thrust through the ceinture.
Her crown and scepter are tipped with the ibis.
The second robe is of pink crepe, with a veil of turquoise blue. Embroidered
in Egyptian designs with silks and spangles. Sleeves short. An ancient Jewish
wedding veil, embroidered In Biblical designs with silver is used about the low
neck and around the edges of the stoll, which falls fmm the center of ceinture
in front. Jewels galore again form the ornaments of this costume, j The third
dress has for a foundation white Brussels net. This is almost entirely covered
With an embroidery of spangles, silks and beads. A white veil belongs "with this,
also an underskirt of soft flesh-colored silk. The fourth is the war dress. We
will leave that, with its sphinxed helmet and corslet, like the sphinx of the Nile
silent.
The last dress— not the most rich and costly— ls to me by far the most beau
tiful. So chaste, so simple, so pure. It is of soft white crepe, almost entirely
devoid of any ornamentation <>r jewels. Only a clasp, formed of twisted asps, to
hold some drapery in place, and a narrow belt of jewels breaks the billowy
whiteness of an artist's dream. Next to Cleopatra's gowns hangs Lady Mac
beth's sumptuous cloak and dress of gold, embroidered in designs of owls and
weird, creepy things.
Ah, but the entrancing toilettes are those of poor Camille. Here is a gown
that represents pink roses. A Frenchman looked at one, and built this oration
on those lines. He put about the low neck a fall of something that answers for
the petals of the rose; then for the foliage he made a green velvet cape, about
the neck of which he put the foam of the sea in the form of white chiffon. Then,
too, the opal dress, so like -ne changing lights in that jewel. But of all the al
luring frocks, the one Camille wears to the ball most allures. It is of black
gauze, embroidered in butterfltes of jet. A wreath of white camellias goes
around the low corsage. An ermine wrap covers the shoulders as she enters and
leaves the ballroom. There are other ravishing toilettes, but we will leave them
to please your eyes as they have ours.
During this inspection of an "embarrasment of riches" Modjeska tells us that
she loves pretty clothes just as all women love them, but for fads she has no
liking. Her favorite flower is the lily of the valley. It always brings a smile to
her lips, because it grows wild in her own country. She says there are three
things one canot get away from— one's religion, family and nationality She de
spises no country nor religion, but is so glad and proud that she is a Pole Her
sentiment of all sentiments is, "Live and let live." FLORENCE
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SOLDIER'S PAY— J. 11. S., City. For
Information about the pay of soldiers and
their rights address a communication to
the Paymaster's Department, 1". S. A.,
Department of California, Phelan build
ing.
CORBETT AND JACKSON-J. E. J..
Stockton, Cal. The fight between Jackson
and Corbett in San Francisco was on the
21st of May, 1891. There were sixty-one
rounds, and the decision was "no con
test."
DEFACING COIN— A. D. P., Holyoke,
Mass. There Is a law of the United
States which says that "every person
who fraudulently, by any art, way or
means, defaces, mutilates, impairs, dimin
ishes, falsifies, scales or lightens the gold
or silver coins of the United States, or
any foreign gold or silver coins which are
by law made current or are in actual
use and circulation within the United
States, .shall be imprisoned not more than
two years and fined not more than $2000."
Tht-re is no law requiring people to ac
cept coin that has been punched.
Coins that have been punched or muti
lated will be redeemed at the parent or
any of the branch mints at intrinsic value:
Banks, as a rule, will not redeem de
based or mutilated coin, but to oblige cus
tomers will, sometimes, take it as a mat
ter of accommodation at intrinsic value
and then send it to the mint.
PERFECTING A LOCATION-B. 8.,
City. In the matter of perfecting the lo-
cation of a mining claim in California the
law requires a discoverer to post a notice
and to file such notice within twenty
days, then it requires that within sixty
days he shall perform $50 worth of work
and shall file notice of such in the office
of the recorder of the county in whien
the location is made, the completion of
such work being a necessary act In com
pleting such location and a part thereoi.
In regard to placer claims the law re
quires that within' sixty days the locator
shall do at least $10 worth of work on
each twenty acres or fractional part
thereof. A failure to. perform that work,
will result in a forfeiture. This depart
ment can only state the law, but cannot
attempt to decide what the effect of the
law is as applied to facts. That is a
matter for the court*. If you will go to
the reference room of the free publi«
library you will be able to see the entire
law, in the laws of 1897.
The United States law requires that a
certain amount of work shall be per
formed each calendar year until patent
is issued. That law can be found in
Copp'3 Mining Laws, to be found In the
reference room also.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
SEPTEMBER 18 WILL CONTAIN:
RESCUING THE WRECKED WHALING FLEET. ~~
By LIEUT. E. P. BERTHOLF of the Bear.
TRADE WITH ANNEXED COLONIES.
By SENATOR FORAKER.
ooo Photographing SoHimciL,
♦ RACE TO GRAB ♦ SKULLS :
i a : of :
I CONTINENT. ♦ ALL NATIONS. ♦.
Opinions or" Prominent Vhinkers Concerning
Spiritism*
MODJESKA AND HER ART.
By ASHTON STEVENS.
PAGES OF OTHER SPECIAL FEATURES.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. F. B. Blodgett of Tulare is at the
Grand.
Dr. G. K. Noyes and wife of Milwaukee
are at the Occidental.
Joseph E. Ryland, the banker of San
Jose, is at the California.
J. P. Niepage, a returning miner from
Dawson, Is at the Russ.
Charles B. Smith, a large land-owner
of Stockton, is at the Grand.
Robert Effey, ex-Mayor of Santa Cruz,
left for Los Angeles last night.
Charles Garvey and John P. Stanton
of Solomonville, Ariz., are at the Grand.
The lonowing
Is an unfinishod
letter found in
the reading-room
of the Palace:
" 1 was re
turning to th«
hotel after a trip
to Chinatown. It was just about the
time when the homeward traffic Is thick
est and the streets are congested with
people. There were with me about six
subordinate officers, and I, of course, act
ed as commander. I did not know that
before we could reach our objective point
we would have to fight for our lives, but
so it developed. We reached the corner
of two cross roads called Market and
Montgomery streets. The big block house,
the hotel, a stone's throw away, was the
place we desired to reach. Our first ad
vance brought us into the trenches.
Around us whirled the fine dust of a
stretch of sandy fire. The heat was un
bearable as we cut our way through a
thick undergrowth of basalt, only to find
heaps of dry sand as obstacles to our ad
vance. These we mounted with a gallant
charge and planted ourselves and our
banners firmly upon them. The descent
into the further trenches was easy, but
we were soon confronted by an army of
pickrm-n, shovelers and pounders. Fight
ing our way through them all without
any material damage we reached a point
where we could distinctly hear the rum
ble of some great and terror-striking un
derground power. We moved onward,
crawling in and out of every kind of un
warlike vehicle I ever saw and landed
finally on the other side. I tell you it was
a battle royal. We were covered with
grime, and our faces were not distin
guishable from the dirt of fighting. I
consider this the crowning achievement
of my military life. I will ," and the
unfinished manuscript ended.
Albert Fox of Walla Walla, the Klon
diker who was robbed of $32,000 on his
way down from St. Michael to Seattle, is
at the Russ House.
A. J. Palmer, Jessie L. Hurlbut and
George C. Mains and wife arrived from
New York yesterday and registered at
the Occidental.
Julius Merzbach has returned to this
city after an absence of six months,
which time he spent in looking out for
his interests in Oregon, Washington and
Montana.
L. A. Atler, surgeon D. S. N., arrived
yesterday from Philadelphia and is at
the Palac-e.
HIS
CROWNING
ACHIEVEMENT.
IN THE PLACE CAKOUSEL.
Proud arch, upreared to htm of mankind first! :
Thou clarion voice of Austerlitz"B story! -
Even like the sudden and the bright sunburst
That poured its splendor on his triumph
gory—
On the red field— the fight— his foes dispersed—
Thou and the tale upon thy marble versed.
Dazzle the heart. Till Time himself grows
hoary
Here shall man's soul in wonderment im
mersed
Thrill at the record of his quick-winged glory. .
About thee circle palaces— the fane .
Of his Caesarean line; t.nd yonder looming
A noble arch— but built like thee in vain;
For, hark! the guns of Waterloo are booming; '
And on Sedan the foiled Mars sinks again;
(After the conqueror's crown the captive's
chain!) • '■■ . -.•>. , ... .. , ; .
These are thy Nemesis— and disgrace thee,
dooming . ■ . . \\
Thy stones to front yon shaft of shame.
Where rain
A people's tears to mock at thine assuming.
— T. W. in the Quartler Latin.
Peanut taffy; best in world. Townsend's. •
Soft baby cream. 15r Tb. Townsend's. •
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia glace fruits. 50c tb. in fire-etch
boxes. 627 Market st.. Palace Hotel bldg. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). sin IHont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Platlnotypes, plain and colored photo
graphs, etchings, engravings and water
colors are the most popular pictures.
They look best (rained in plain mat gilts,
old Flemish and pray oaks. Large brasa'
corners are very popular on the Har
greaves and Taber-Prang colored photo
graphs. Everything in this line at popu
lar prices can be found only at Sanborn
& Vail's, "41 Market street. •
"What's all that noise?"
"Those Boston pirls have gone to quot
ing Emerson again."— Chicago Record.
First and Second
Class rates again reduced via the Santa F«
route. Call at the new ticket office. 628 Market.
To neglect the hair is to lose youth and comeli
ness. Save it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Pabkkb's Ginger Toxic cures inwari pains.
Volunteers— rut yourselves in fighting trim
with a bottle of Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bit
ters to regulate your digestion.CHANGES IN THE
CONFERENCE LAW
Methodist Book of Dis
cipline Amended.
BASIS OF REPRESENTATION
LAY ASSOCIATION INDOBSES
CZAR'S PEACE PLAN.
Army Veterans' Club Holds Its An
nual Reunion at Pacific Grove,
Chaplain Macomber of
Angel Island Presiding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 16.— The
promise that this is to be the most
largely attended session In the history
of the California Methodist Conference
is being amply fulfilled, for never be
fore has Pacific Grove witnessed such
a large and interesting gathering of
clergy and lay men. Perhaps one of the
secrets of the phenomenal success of
Methodism on this coast is that its
clergy labors early and late both spirit
ually and materially in its behalf. By
C a. m. daily the ministers at this con
ference gather for a sunrise prayer
meeting, and the day of work closes
about the time the succeeding day be
gins. •
To-day's formal business began with
devotional exercises conducted by Rev.
Dr. J. H. Mac Counter, U. S. A., after
which yesterday's minutes were read,
corrected and approved.
Two resolutions were presented and
passed, the first a resolution of sym
pathy for J. H. Wythe. D.D.., LL. D.,
a member of this conference, who is ill;
the second of farewell to D. M. Bur
mingham. who is transferred to the
New York Conference.
A notable introduction was then mado
by the Bishop. Eiisha Anthony, who
established the first Methodist church
on the Pacific <".>ast, at Santa Cruz in
1848, was presented to the conference
and heartily applauded.
At the conclusion of this ceremony
a committee of one member from each
district of this conference was appoint
ed, on motion of Dr. Case, to report on
a change in the ratio of contribution
per member of conference of the epis
copal fund. The members of this com
mittee are E. P. Dennett, J. H. Jones,
G. H. Van Vliot, J. A. B. Wilson,
Chan Hon Fan, J. R. Andrews and T.
Huta.
A. J. Gustafson, presiding elder of
the Swedish district, gave his report.
Candidates of tin- class of lirst year's
studies were called by Bishoo Hurst and
their standing reported by E. P. Dennett.
registrar of the conference board of ex
aminers. The conference took action as
follows: Lee Chin, Go Hlrago, Tokusa
buro JUorimoto, G. Tokima.sa. to be con
tinued on trial in studies of tirst year;
Kenry A. Atki, Alfred J. Case, Jamt? L.
. Gue Kwa. Yotaro Kudo, Katsumi
Kimura, Lee 'i'ong liay, to be advanced
to second year's studies.
By the action of yesterday's session, 10
o'clock to-day was the time selected for
the voting on the disciplinary amendment
regarding the proposition of lay repre-
Ltlon In the general conference. This'
was the most Important action taken by i
this body in its deliberations thus far. I
Vy a vote of U7 to 2, the two feeing John I
San Francisco and E. E. Dodge j
n Rafael, the California Conference]
adopted the following propositii
First, to amend paragraph 60 of the
b'i'>k of discipline by striking out all
■W' nls after "the lay delegates shall con
sist of" a:id inserting the words, "One
layman for each annual conference, ex
cept such conferences ;:s nave more than
one ministerial d< legate, which confer
ences shall each be entitled to as many
lay delegates as ministerial delegates."
no, the general conference "shall
not allow more than one ministerial rep
resentative for every fourteen of an an
nual conference, nor a less number than
cne for every forty-live, nor more lay
delegates fr..m any annual eonf*renc>|
than there are ministerial delegates from |
Fuch annual conference: provided, never
theless, that when there shall be in any
annual conference I fraction of two
thirds the number which shan be fixed
for the ratio of representation, such an
nual conference shall be entitled to an
additional delegate for such fraction; and
provided also that no conference shall be
denied the privilege of one ministerial and
on<? lay delegate."
At the conclusion of the count of this
vote a notable event occurred in the in
troduction to the conference of Rev. K.
8. Chapman, DL)., pastor of the First
Congregational Church of Oakland. Pr. \
Chapman appeared to present the pur- I
poses of Anti-Saloon T,er>^ue work, and j
tor ten minutes he performed the task |
In his forcible and convincing style. When
he had finished Dr. Bovard presented a
resolution of indorsement and co-opera
tinn in Dr. Chapman's work, and pleas
ure In receiving him as a visitor to the
conference, which was passed by a unan
imous rising vote.
The Bishop then called the class of
third year's studies, its members being
passed" as follows: C. E. Irons, W. G.
Trudgeon. John Williams, O. V. Bratt-
Btrom, Charles F. Wlthrow; H. O. Ed
son advanced to fourth year's studies:
C. K. Jcnness and M. Mutanl transferred
to other conferences; E, B. Winning con
tinued in third year's class.
The class completing the conference
course cf study, candidates for ordina
tion to elder's "honors, was next called,
and the following names were passed:
I,eslie M. Burwell, Frank Hlndson, Wil
liam A. Kennedy, William Marshall,
George C. King, Thomas H. Nicholas, all
of whom will be ordained by Bishop
Hurst on Sunday next.
The question of accepting and advanc
ing members examined by the board of
examiners of the Nevada Methodist Epis
copal Mission without further examina
tion by the conference examining board
arose in connection with the passing oC
s to-day, and was fully discussci,
but definite action was deferred.
A resolution was presented by Dr.
Bentley, presiding elder of Sacramento
district, requesting the appointment of
Drs. John Kirby and W. W. Case as a
committee to request the Southern Cali
METHODIST CONFERENCE HEARING THE REPORTS OF PRESIDING ELDERS.
fornia Conference to return to this con
ference missionary money which will ap
ply to tho territory just assigned to this
conference. This action was made neces
sary by the change in the boundaries of
the two conferences. ,
The official announcement of the trans
fer of Chaplain J. A. Potter, U. S. A.,
from Fort (.'lark, Texas, to the territory
of tho California conference, was made
by I'.ishop Hurst, and the session ad
journed.
The second session of the annual con
vention of the Lay Association of Cali
fornia Conference becan at 2 p. m., the
new president, L. J. Norton of Napa, pre
siding. After the reading- of the minutes,
a standing committee was appointed. A
special committee, consisting of T. B.
Hutchlnson of Napa, Justus Greeley of
Marysville, Mrs. J. H. Glide of Sacra
mento. William Abbott and Mrs. M. E.
Herrold of San Francisco, was appointed
to convey greetings to the conference at
its session to-morrow morning.
The report of the committe on creden
tials showed that there were present 263
delegates, representing seventy - five
charges of this conference.
After brief talks by Drs. John Thomp
son and Robert Bentley, Dr. W. A. Spen
cer of Philadelphia, secretary of the
Church Extension Society, was introduced
as the speaker of the afternoon. Dr.
Spencer talked on "The Laymen s Grand
Opportunity," declaring that the Califor
nia Conference Lay Association was the
advance guard of the best movement
Methodism had ever made. He spoke of
the wider opportunity and greater prob
lems presented to Christian peonle since
the recent war had brought enlarged im
portance and added empire to the Ameri
can flag and said that where the flag has
gone it is going to stay. He said Bishop
McCabe had already annexed the Philip
pines to the Oregon conference, and he
hoped T'nrle Sam would do likewise.
Resolutions were then passed expressing
gratification at to-day's action of the con
ference and indorsing the Anglo-American
arbitration treaty and the peace proposal
of the Czar of Russia, after which the
convention adjourned for the present
>( At r '4 o'clock the Conference Army Vet
erans' Club held its annual reunion. Chap
lain J. H. MacCdmber. U. S. A , presiding.
Addresses were delivered by Dr. Mc( hsh
and others. The day's work closed with
the regular anniversary of the <. nurcn
Extension Society, the address neing de
livered by W. A. Spencer, D.D., of Phila
delphia.
IDENTIFIED AS
GRACE PERKINS
Unraveling the Bridge
port Mystery.
DENTIST RECOGNIZES TEETH
POSITIVE AS TO HIS WORK IN
FILLING.
Police Now Looking for a Gay Young
Man and a Female Doctor Who
Are Suspected of the
Murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Sept. 16.— As a
result of to-day's developments there
seems to be almost no doubt that the
woman whose dismembered body was
found early In the week In the Yellow
MIII Pond was Grace Marian Perkins
of Middleboro, Mass.
Medical Examiner Downs this noon
rilled out a death certificate giving the
name of the victim as Grace Marian
Perkins. The identification by the
young woman's father was supplement
ed to-day by that of the Middleboro
dentist who had treated Miss Perkins'
teeth. He said that there could be no
doubt that the head was that of Miss
Perkins. Undertaker Gullinan has no
tified the members of the Perkins fam
ily that the remains are at the Morgue
awaiting their pleasure.
Additional information has also come
from Middleboro to the effect that Miss
Perkins left that place three weeks ago,
presumably with Charles Bourne, a
young man of the town, and that since
that time all trace of her has been lost.
The police here are making efforts to
locate Bourne. They are also eager to
ascertain the whereabouts of Dr.
"Nancy Guilford." The New Haven
jailer has been looking over the discard
ed effects of the erstwhile prisoners at
his jail. He has come across three arti
cles of clothing formerly owned by Dr.
Gill, husband of Nancy Guilford, and
once an inmate of the jail, on each of
which, it was stated, appears the fate
ful characters, "58," which were also
upon a piece of man's undergarment in
one of the bundles which was found in
the mill pond.
MIDDLEBORO, Mass., Sept. 16.— The
members of the Perkins family held a
conference to-day and decided that the
identification of the girl was complete.
Frank W. Perkins, the father of the
girl, stated that he had obtained a
Bridgeport undertaker to ship the re
mains to Middleboro to-night. Ar
rangements have also been made for
the funeral, which will be held Sunday
at the Perkins home.
It is understood that Charles Bourne
is only a short distance from this town
and will come forward, if wanted by
the police, to give evidence.
From Congress to the Bench.
WASHINGTON, Sept. Judge A. C.
Thompson, member of Congress from
Ohio in the Forty-eighth, Forty-ninth,
Fiftieth and Fifty-first Congresses, has
been appointed United States District
Judge for the Southern District of Ohio,
to succeed Judge Sage, retired.
. . m •■ ■.'.•:
Jarman's Suit for Damages.
SAN JOSE. Sept. IC— The suit of A. H.
Jarman against J. W. Rea for $50,000 dam
ages for alleged libel is set for next Tues
day in Judge Kittredge's court. It is now
said the case will proceed when called.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
ADVENTURES OF A
SPANISH OFFICER
Swims From the Burn-
ing Oquendo.
TAKEN PRISONER BY CUBANS
ESCAPES HALF-NAKED INTO
THE JUNGLE.
Days and Nights Without Food or
bleep— Bisks Life With Sharks
and Is Finally Bescued
by Guerrillas.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Lieutenant K. C. Colwell,
naval attache of the United States in
London, has forwarded to the Navy
Department a story of the escape of
an officer and several members of the
crew of the Almirante Oquendo after
her destruction on July 3. The story is
taken from the Heraldo of Madrid, to
whom it was furnished by Midship
man Navia, the officer in question, who
returned to Spain on the Alicante, and
has just been released from quaran
tine at Corunna, This Js Midshipman
Navia' s story:
"The flagship opened fire while we,
being last, were still some way from
the harbor mouth; yet before we clear
ed the entrance we were struck by a
few shells. When Captain Lazana
heard that the forward magazines were
ablaze, he followed the lead of the Te
resa, heading for land and running the
vessel ashore. I jumped overboard and
swam ashore. When I landed I was in
my shirt and under garments. Twenty
sailors gathered around me and we
went inland along a narrow path that
led toward a hill. Observing a tree on
which fruit had been recently bitten, I
concluded it was by Mambizes (Spanish
name for the natives) and suggested
that we should alter our route.
"Some, through not hearing me, went
on, and I soon saw the first man squat
down, crying to those behind: 'Look
out; I am covered by a gun and we
are told to halt.' The man who held
the gun ordered us to stop until he
had warned his party, and soon re
appeared with a couple of negroes arm
ed with Mausers. We were then or
dered to go forward one by one. While
the advance party did so, we behind
sidled off into the jungle, fleeing from
the insurgents. Those who went for
ward were brained by insurgents, a
great number of whom were close at
hand.
"At midday I found myself accom
panied only by an engineer and a ma
rine of the Oquendo. W r e were now
overcome by thirst and sought a riv
ulet, where we might slake it. For
tunately we found one, and while
drinking were joined by a stoker from
the Vizcaya. We followed the stream
seaward and came on mango fruit, of
which we ate, though it was still un
ripe.
"Night fell and we lay down to try to
sleep. The cold was terrible and the
noise of the bush, with the attacks of
mosquitoes and land crabs combined to
drive away slumber. Next day, the
sun giving us our direction, we con
tinued our painful journey, not'hav
ing anything to eat or drink all morn-
Ing. Climbing a tree to find out where
we were, we saw an arm of the sea
ahead, which we took to be Cabanas
Bay, and we made for it with the in
tention of crossing at its narrowest
part. As we neared it we could occa
sionally see a shark rise to the surface.
This made my companions hesitate
about entering, but at last I persuaded
them, two of us assisting one of the
marines who could not swim. When
we were half way across a big fish rose
behind us and gave us a great fright,
but we were all so desperate that we
scarcely cared whether we lived or
died. Thanks to God, we got safely to
the opposite shore, though how we es
caped I know not, for I was afterward
assured that the bay swarmed with
sharks and caymans.
"A sailor now guided us, but when
night fell we were again lost in the
bush. We lay down and slept in our
wet clothes, but were awakened by the
firing of heavy guns. This gave us our
direction, for we took them to be the
gunft of Socapa. After a sleep we re
sumed our journey in the direction
whence w-e had heard firing during the
night, and were again all morning
without solid food, though we did get
some water.
"A sailor climbed a tree and made
out Fort Morro distinctly. This news
sustained our courage and we pushed
on. We came to a small beach, but
there our strength failed and we sank
exhausted to the ground. Yet, just
when we had finally given ourselves up
help came in the shape of some Spanish
guerrillas, who discovered us and re
lieved our wants, afterward taking us
off In a boat to Mexico, where ended a
Journey I shall never forget."
Suicide of a Veteran.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.— Chris Langr
beln, a Grand Army veteran, aged 53
years, shot himself in the temple at the
entrance to Elyslan Park this morning,
dying almost instantly. He had been in
111 health. He leaves a widow and six
children, who live in East Los Angeles
and are in poor circumstances.
Camp Taylor To-Morrow.
Go via 8 a. m. or 10 a. m. Sausallto ferry.
Round trip tickets 780- children under 12, 40c;
on sale at ferry. Music and dam-ing; 4 to 6
hours In the redwoods.
AWFUL WORK OF
WIND AND FLOOD
Death and Desolation in
the West Indies.
HUNDREDS OF LIVES LOST
THOUSANDS INJTJBED, HOME
LESS AND STABVING.
Crops and Boads Annihilated — Great
Loss to Shipping — Belief for
the Sufferers Is Being
Dispatched.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Sept. 16.— The
hurricane of Sunday was undoubtedly
the worst visitation of the kind experi
enced by the West Indies during the
century. The hurricane Bwept along
the Island chain from Barbadoes west
ward to St. Vincent, and thence north
ward to St. Kitts, where it was last
heard from. Barbadoes suffered mostly
from rain, which destroyed the crops
and roads as it did at St. Lucia and
other islands, while the center of the
storm swept over St. Vincent and
Guadeloupe.
Details received from St. Vincent
show that an unparalleled destruction
of life and property has taken place
there. Out of a population of 41,000, 300
were killed and 2000 were Injured and
rendered homeless. Besides this, owing
to the complete destruction of the pro
visions, they are all starving. The
island has been absolutely ravaged by
the winds and the floods from the
mountains in addition to the waves
along the coast. There has been great
loss to shipping along the track of the
cyclone.
Relief funds are being raised in re
sponse to an appeal of the Governor of
St. Vincent, where all descriptions of
food and clothing and other necessaries
were lost in the general destruction.
The demand for building materials is
unlimited.
No details of the work of the hurri
cane have been received from Guade
loupe.
AT THE BIER OF THE
MURDERED EMPRESS
Public Admitted to the Hofburg
Chapel — Profusion of Floral
Offerings.
VIENNA, Sept. 16.— The public were
permitted to view the casket containing
the remains of the late Empress of Aus
tria to-day. It reposed on a catafalque in
the chapel of the Hofburg, where masses
for the repose of the soul of the deceased
were celebrated incessantly at three al
tars until noon.
On the casket were four wreaths sent
by the children and grandchildren of the
deceased, while many other floral offer
ings were upon the walls of the chape?.
At the head of the casket were the Im
perial crown, the coronet of an arch
duchess and the Jeweled orders of the
late Empress. At the foot of the casket
were a black fan and a pair of white
gloves. Life Guardsmen were stationed
at each corner of the catafalque. There
was a steady procession of people until
the church was closed at 5 o'clock, among
them Prince Albert of Belgium and other
personages of high rank. Even after the
doors were closed thousands* remained
outside.
The Presidents of both houses of the
Austrian and Hungarian Parliaments de
posited wreaths near the casket.
After the blessing of the remains, Em
peror Francis Joseph knelt down and re
peatedly kissed the coffin. He asked the
maids of honor whether her Majesty sui
fered much. They replied that she did
not.
Count Nigra, the Italian Ambassador,
has again protested against the attacks
that are being made upon Italians
throughout Austria. Count Goluchowski,
the Austro-Hungarian Foreign Minister,
replied that the Emperor has given per
sonal directions with a view of prevent
ing a renewal of the attacks.
It transpires that a painful scene oc
curred at the church. The Emperor was
prostrated with grief. Upon arriving at
the Hofburg chapel on Thursday night,
his Majesty became almost unconscious
from the intensity of his emotion. Many
of those present wept in sympathy.
The Neve Welner Tageblatt publishes a
report of an attempted anarchist outrage
on the Prince of Naples at Loeben, Styria,
during the course of the Prince's journey
to this city. One anarchist, named Yizzi,
was arrested. Another named Gabigdo
escaped.
GENEVA, Sept, lfi.— An Italian named
Giovanni Silva has been arrested on sus
picion of being an accomplice of the as
sassin of Empress Elizabeth. It appears
that he minutely described the circum
stances of the crime and justified it on
Saturday last before the details were
known to the public. •
CUNARDER AURANIA
REACHES QUEENSTOWN
Towed In With a Broken Crank
Shaft — All on Board Are
Exported Well.
QUEENSTOWN, Sept. 16.— The Cunard
steamer Aurania, bound from New York
for Liverpool, which was reported off the
south coast of Ireland, disabled and in
tow, arrived here at 2 o'clock this morn
ing. The captain of the Aurania reports
that the crank shaft broke at 9:30 p. m.,
September 13. At 5:15 o'clock the follow
ing evening, while the steamer was 110
milea west of Fastnet the British
steamer Marine, Captain Webster, bound
from Montreal to London, sighted the
Aurania and took her In tow.
All on board the Aurania are well. The
sea was calm during her passage and no
unusual incidents, with the exception of
the breaking of the shaft, are to be ie
corded.
The Aurania will wait here for the ar
rival of a tug, which will tow her to
Liverpool. All the passengers will be
landed at this port.
ENDS HIS LIFE WITH
CYANIDE OF POTASH
William Mclntosh Commits Suicide
in His Room in a Portland
Hotel.
PORTLAND, Sept. 16.— "William Mcln
tosh, one of the best-known furniture
salesmen on the Pacific Coast, committed
suicide to-day In his room at the Gllman
House by taking cyanide of potash. He
lost his position with Gadsby & Co. about
two weeks apo. and since then he haa
been on a protracted spree. He has a
brother In the First National Bank of San
Francisco, and his mother resides In Con
nersville, Ind.
Killed by a Blast.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 16.— John J. Neary
was Instantly killed and his cousin, J. F.
Neary, received injuries from wnich he
died a few hours later by a blast In the
Green Mountain mine to-day. The men
wore preparing a round of twelve holes,
which exploded before they could get out
of the way.
New California Postmasters.
WASHINGTON Sept. 10.— The following
California Postmasters were appointed to
day: Clovis, Fresno County, J. G. Fer
guson, vice Calbraith Phone, resigned;
Freeport, Sacramento County, Oscar L.
Helser, vice Philip G. Reihl, removed;
Three Rivers, Tulare County, Catherine C.
Clayton, vice Henry G. Allls, removed.
RECENT DEATHS
IN DAWSON CITY
Two Californians Lose
Their Lives.
SUICIDE OF A LONDON MAN
MINERS DRAFT A LETTER TO
SIR WILFRED LAURIER.
Salvation Army Completes a Large
Barracks and Begins the Noble
Work of Relieving
Distress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. IC— The steamer
City of Seattle arrived to-day from
Skaguay with 150 Klondikers who left
Dawson on September 2. The amount
of dust brought out is variously esti
mated at between $150,000 and $200,000.
Leonard Winbolt, purser of the river
steamer Linda, committed suicide by
taking morphine while the steamer was
on Its way down the river. He was a
native of London, England, aged 25.
The following deaths occurred at St
Mary's Hospital, Dawson: A. Buten,
Canada; Thomas Tennet, London, Eng
land; James Sheehy, Virginia City,
Nev. ; James Keyes, San Jose, Cal.
The recently organized Miners' Asso
ciation held Its first meeting on August
29 and drafted a letter to Sir Wilfred
Daurier, appealing to him for the ap
pointment of a commission to inquire
Into the manner In which Gold Com
missioner Fawcett has conducted his
office, and also making specific charges
against him and other officials.
Captain Worth of the river steamer
May West, while on his way to Daw
son, was arrested on a charge of em
bezzlement and refusing to turn over
the vessel's books to the owners. When
the May West arrived at Circle City
William E. Williams, armed with a
power of attorney, made the demand on
Captain Worth to turn the boat and
books over to him. Worth refused.
While Williams was seeking a deputy
United States Marshal the May West
let go her lines and started for Daw
son. Williams and a United States
Marshal boarded the steamer Gustin,
and after a spirited race overhauled the
May West. Worth was taken back to
Circle City, where he will have a hear
ing before the United States Commis
sioner.
The steamer F. K. Gustin, the first of
the celebrated Moran fleet to arrive at
Dawson, reached that place on August
30. She reports that eight others of the
same fleet are on their way up the river
and will arrive during the week.
The Salvation Army has just com
pleted a large barracks at Dawson and
has already commenced the work of
taking care of the sick, helping the
needy and relieving distress.
CARRIES A CHUNK
OF ORE INTO JUNEAU
Expert Bratnober of the London Ex-
ploration Company Finds Cop
per in Alaska.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
JUNEAU, Alaska, Sept. 6.— Henry
Bratnober, understood to be one of the
principal agents of the Great London
Exploration Company, which is buying
in gold and other valuable properties
and operating them in nearly every sec
tion of mother earth where gold has
been found in paying quantities, ar
rived in Juneau some days ago and has
been stopping at the Treadwell gold
mine on Douglas Island, across from
Juneau, another gold mining property
of the London Exploration Company.
He is the guest of Superintendent
Duncan.
Mr. Bratnober seldom allows himself
to be interviewed for publication by
newspapers in general, and daily news
papers in particular. Last winter, how
ever, there was an article authorized
by him in a San Francisco mining pub
lication in which he then took rather a
conservative view of the Klondike and
its output of nuggets. Mr. Bratnobex
has been spending much of the summer
beyond Pyramid harbor, where the Dal
ton trail comes down to tidewater, and
it is reported that he made a trip in as
far as Dawson. Anyhow, up in that
section of Alaska, which has been little
explored, he has been hibernating on
the trail, in camp, in the hills and dales
and astride one of the steeds whose im
portant mission has been to pack grub
in and gold out from Five Finger Rap
ids or Fort Selkirk. Now he comes out
A Cheerful Woman.
From the Democrat, Brazil, Ind.
Every woman cannot be beautiful, but
a cheerful face oiten supplies the defi-
ciency. But no one can be cheerful and
bring joy to others unless they have per-
fect health. Fortunately, science has
placed this priceless boon within tha
reach of every woman, as the following
incident proves:
Mrs. Amanda Robinson, wife of William
Robinson, farmer and stockman, near
Howesville, Clay County, Ind., is thirty-
two years old and had for several years
been in declining health and despondent.
For three months she was not only- un-
able to attend to her domestic duties but
too feeble to be up and about. To-day she
is in good health and able to attend to
her household affairs. She relates her ex-
perience as follows:
"I w%s afflicted with female troubles
and was in a delicate state of health. I
lost my appetite, grew thin and was
greatly depressed. After taking various
remedies without being benefited I was
induced by a friend to try Dr. Williams 1
the summer
cured five
fore finishing
the second
box I began
to Improve.*
and by the
time I had
taken the
five boxes I
was able to
go about my
usual work
and stopped
taking the
pills.
"Our daughter Anna, twelve years old,
was also afflicted with decline and debil-
ity. She lost flesh, seemed to be blood-
less and had no ambition. She took two
boxes of the pills and they restored her
appetite, aided digestion and brought
color to her cheeks. She is now in the
best of health. I think Dr. Williams 1
Pink Pills for Pale People the best medi-
cine we ever had in our family and rec-
ommend them to all needing a remedy
for toning up and rebuilding a shattered
system."
No discovery of modern times has
proved such a blessing to women as Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People.
They restore strength and health to ex-
hausted women when every effort of the
physician proves unavailing. These vege-
table pills are everywhere recognized as
a specific for diseases of the blood and
nerves.
iPi
A Priceless Boon.
of the wilderness with a tan complexion
and a piece of copper ore heavy enough
to call for trumps in competition with
the ore in any copper mine the earth
knows.
Mr. Bratnober can't help losing the
tan, but he is holding fast to the rock.
With a brevity hardly exceeded by the
late General Grant he has simply said:
"I have a piece of copper ore, but I
did not say where it came from."
The ore is high ball stuff. It is hardly
to be supposed that Mr. Bratnober
would pack out with him a heavy load
of rock and a tan complexion if the
rock were merely a piece of Moat. As a
matter of fact it is understood here by
a very few that he knows where the
specimen came from and that there is
a large body of it. If, in the future, this
should turn out to be no joke, it has
precedents in the history of the com
pany, which has built railroads to get
at ore with the same disregard for ex
pense that a man has when he asks for
( cracked ice in his claret on a hot aay.
If the London Exploration Company
takes hold of a ledse of conper ore it
means much for Alaska, much more
money for the gold barons in Alaska,
much credit for Mr. Bratnober, and
much in other ways for the Gogebic
people up in Michigan's northern penin
sula.
FAURE ENTHUSES THE
FRENCH SOLDIERY
Praises Its Tactical Knowledge and
Devotion at a Beview and Is
Wildly Cheered.
PARIS, Sept. 16.— President Faure, at
the conclusion of the army maneuvers
to-day, says a dispatch from Gonnetines,
had luncheon with the officers and made
a speech, in which, after praising the
tactical knowledge and devotion of the
officers and the discipline and drill of
the soldiers, he said:
"In the name of the country I thank
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■' ___ '___'.;'
Hopeful Words to Childless Women.
The darkest days of husband and wife are when they come to look forward ;
to a childless and desolate old age. £&%%.
Many a wife has found herself incapable of ,^J?§i|p|pt
motherhood owing to some great lack of dpß+^frjrW
strength in the organs of generation. Such a \,—^§pE»jp
condition is nearly always due to long con- /'*• * *^r
tinued neglect of the plainest warnings. *^ <% *'~**^^.
Frequent backache and distressing pains ~ =^^X >^v7jt?'
accompanied by offensive discharges *^ I S3& I ' ''Mt?s!il§u!£jf*
and generally by irregular and scanty |^|3|^^^^A /^JS&^&j&pffiSSßjL
menstruation, indicate a nerve de- fi ;V'.431v1( vr^P^t^rvCv f&SBBk I
generation of the womb and sur- Kff^BHl-^Bffri^Vv^Viis^ (' / l/'J^^^m
rounding organs, that unless speedily iSSßM^jßH^^^g^xA^T/g^^^K
checked will result in barrenness. f . ' M^>7aH^</g3gfcwwßSWt# <
Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — Xoonecould '^M^^^^^^^^^^^^^^yyJjU^m
have suffered from female troubles fg^©ff* \^^^^^^^^//^^xyyA\il
more than I. I had tumors on the jSjs yffiLZpdy/^^^ -
womb, my ovaries were diseased,
and for fifteen years I was a burden > KV^^^^^^^^^a^fe*
to myself. I was operated upon W/j L , if lAj I //77y77T^>^V>!^^ly^ '
three different times, with only f/l \\\\l\\Ml\\\lllfff/^^W^t
was recommended to me by a ' // // / }>J^Afy///l]$SUmM
four bottles I was like a new wo- Vmij 1 1 j U I j l/////Y/y/J^^^. \
man. I had been married nine tSB»U JJJJ // /////, ,J[\ juSmß*
years, and had no children. I now &**^^U///// Ml llf&&^
have a beautiful little girl, and wo Ty/i/// ll l\/Mi!sr
feel assured she is the result of my taking the /i 1 1 /// m 111 1 ■
Compound. — May B. "Wilsox, 323 Sassafras j (]J[
St., Millville, 'A. J.
Modern science and past experience have produced nothing so effective in
treating diseases of the female organs as Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and Sanative Wash used according to special directions. *
If you know any woman who is suffering and who is unable to secure relief, _
or who is sorrowful because she believes herself barren, tell her to write to
Mrs. Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass., and ask her advice. The thousands of Mrs.
Pinkham's cures are all recorded for quick reference, and a reply will be promptly
sent wholly without charge, that will direct her what to do.
Mrs. B. Bluiim, 4940 San Francisco Aye., St. Louis, Mo., writes: — "It has been
my great desire to have a babe. Since taking your medicine my wish is fulfilled. *
tydiaE.PlaKfiam'sVegetaDieCotnpoandjAWomaii'sßetneflyforWoman'sllla
.■: AMUSEMENTS.;"
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), SEPT. 17.
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, Any Part.
BESSIE BON ILL. Character Artist.
HINES & REMINGTON in "The Road
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY In His
Greatest Part. "The Old Musician."
THE SEVEN TOW-ZOON-IN ARABS, the
Whirlwinds of th» Desert.
IRENE FRANKLIN, Singing Comedienne.
THE PASQUALIS AND SIGNOR ABRAM-
OFF in the Prison Scene from "Faust." ■ '
ED M. FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
New Act, "Cupid in the Park."
CHARLES BARON nnd His Lion Imitators.
THE BIOGRAPH. ; Wonderful New Views.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
• NEXT WEEK— GREAT PAOLIS and
other big stars. - ■■ . . . ,-
BALDWIN THEATER.
mODJESKA.
And Her Excellent Company.
Matinee To-day— Only Time,
«AS YOU LIKE :-. IT."
. To-night— "MACBETH."
Next Monday— Last Week— "Adrienne Xecouv-
reur" ; Tuesday. -. "Mary Stuart." Remainder
,of the week. Gorgeous Production of "Antony
and Cleopatra."
September 26— "AN ENEMY TO THE KING."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
There's Only Three of Them Left. Perform-
ances'. Matinee : To-day, To-night .
•V- r /■' • , and Sunday. ,;•-,
. HOYT'S Unlimited ■ Laugh Generator,
A MILK WHITE FLAG.
Next Monday— O" NEIL In "THE
JEWESS." . . .■;-. • : c .■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellnpr. Proprietor and Manager.
' THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2• P. M., SPECIAL
MATINEE. ALSO TO-MORROW EVE.,
•*I_M ■"■ TRAVIATAi*'.;-
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. .'
■,'.'•• "CARmEN."
NEXT WEEK— Monday • Thursday, Saturday
and Sunday Evenings, First Times in This
City, Goldmark's Biblical Work, "THE QUEEN
OF SHEBA." Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday
. Evenings, Special Saturday Matinee, "MAR-
THA." Popular Prices— • and Me. N. B.—
Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c. N. B.— Our
Telephone, Bush 9.
i ALCAZAR mati t ton oo e day.
At 8:15, Charles S. Fawcett's Laughable Farce,
Entitled:
■• "A TRAGEDY"."
At 9:45, Powers' Chinese Play,
"THE FIRST BORN."
Next Week— Roland Reed's
"LEND ME YOUR WIFE
SUTRO BATHS.
. SUNDAY, September 18, at 2:30 p. m.
' Second . Great , Event ;of the Season.
; 440- YARD RACE Between ; .
SID CAVILL. the Australian ■ Champion, and
? DAN GREEN, l the California Champion,
-' t ; For a Purse of . $300.
Also . High, .Trapeze - and ■; Fancy Diving by
■ Local Clubs. • ; -' ■
: - ADMISSION, ■ 10c. CHILDREN, Be.
BASEBALL!
RECREATION j PARK. '
' STOCKTON VS. SAN JOan. , ...
TO-DAY AT S P. M,
the generals, officers and soldiers who left
their homes to serve with their whole
strength for the noblest conceivable
ideal. The trials through which we have
passed have always drawn closer the
union of the fatherland and the army. I
see these children of the French family
filled with the same enthusiasm, spirit
and faith gather around our flag In order
to defend the common patrimony of hon
or. In this union, under the aegis of re
publican Institutions, lies our strength.
Thanks to it France has overcome the
terrible event whose recollection will
never be effaced from our memory. It Is
by this union that France has taken her
place in the world.
"I drink to the honor of the army."
President Faure conferred the cross
of the Legion of Honor upon General
Alfred E. Bates, the military attache
of the United States embassy in Lon
don, who has followed the maneuvers.
There was great cheering for the army
and for France as the President was
leaving the review ground. Socialist
Deputy M. Breton refused to uncover as
M. Faure passed and was threatened by
the crowd. Amid shouts of "Down with
traitors," "Down with Dreyfus," M. Bre
ton had to make a speedy retreat.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— Pacific Coast
pensions were issued to-day as follows:
California: Original— Marshall Wheldon,
Chico, $6; Albert Chamberlain, San Fran
cisco, $6. Increase— Neil C. Damstedt, Va
llejo, $8 to $10.
Oregon: Original— James L. Clegg. Elk
City, $6.
Washington: Original— Nathaniel Cole
man, Aberdeen, $12. Original widow, etc—
Harriet King, mother, Spokane, $12.
Mexicans Will Celebrate.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.— The eighty
eighth anniversary of Mexican Inde
pendence will be celebrated by the Mexi
can residents of this city in a fitting way
here to-night. General Andrade, Mexi
can Consul, will be master of ceremonies
at a grand entertainment at Music Hall.
Addresses will be made by A. J. Flores,
Will A. Harris and Dr. V. Rendon.
AMUSEMENTS.
, Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY — —
MR. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW
"When Two Hearts Are Won."
DEL PUENTE, "Non c Vere," Grand Aria
Largo.
See CORINNE as Troubadour.
THE THREE ROSSIS.
THE HARPERS. ,
JOHN BYRNE. *•
POWERS & HYDE.
EDITH HALL as "GEISHA."
Laughter Is Almost Continuous
POWERS and HYDE
And 20 Colored Members in a Medley of Songs.
Dances and
GRAND CAKE WALK!
Popular Prices — Reserved : Seats, 25c and Wcj
Box Seats, 50c. Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Any Seat, 25c; Children, 10c. Telephone S. 435.
Sept. 19.— The marvelous AUSTINS, FASSI,
McBRIDE & DALLON.
IOROSCO'S GRANDS
Waltkb Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Great Success of the Sterling Melodrama,
THAI) MUG
And the Charming Actress,
MISS GERTRUDE FOSTER.
Next Week— THITcOAST GUARD
With the Nonpareil Contralto Duo,
THE WATERMAN SISTERS,
Introducing Their Great Specialties.
Popular Prices ßeserved Seats, 25 and 50c:
Family. Circle and Gallery, 10c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday. Telephone Green 861. -
COMEDY JTHEATER.
PACHECO COMEDY COMPANY
"THE LEADING MAN."
MATINEE TO-DAY POPULAR PRICES.
Next Monday— CORSON CLARKB
in "What Happened to Jones. '
: ; SEATS NOW SELLING. :
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, SEPT. . 17 and IS.
TWO CRACKAJACK EVENTS!
OPEN and PUPPY STAKES
BIG MONEY IN PRIZES.
? TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and . Townsend streets Satur-
day, 1 p.. m. ; Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m., 1 and 2
p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five
minutes later. - Returning, leaves ' park imme-
diately after last course. Extra train from
park on Sunday, 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electrio
cars every ten minutes. • ..
ADMISSION, 25c. LADIES FREE.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
A MATINEE EVERY DAY. V"
TAKE THE ; CHILDREN TO-DAY.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER,
ORO, : CLIFFORD and ORO: EMIL CHEV-
RIAL: COTTON and MOLL; MAE TUNISON
an.l FCSTAPIA. "
Last Times of the '.'American ANNA HELD!"
see; the ■; big BULL FIGHT! : .
• 10c, including: Zoo and Theater; Children. Be/ ;
AT VMDI 1 Eddy, cor. - Mason— GREAT NEW
I ill! BILL OF STAR , artists, ? con-
LIN & RIDER, Comedy Acrobats; MARTIN'S
WONDERFUL DOGS MADELINE ; TRIXB-
DO; ROC .WELL, and others. i Admission tr—.
Matinee Sunday.. :■• ',- 3 ■ ' .■. ■ . .■■-.
78
THE SCHEDULE
OF
FOOTBALL GAMES
A season of games are now assured,
and the football enthusiasts are rejoic
ing. Yesterday morning the board of di
rectors of the Olympic Club decided to
put a team in the field wearing the red
nnd white, and they ordered the manager
Xi go ahead and make all necessary
preparation for the support and mainte
nance of the eleven.
If the Olympic Club had not formed a
team this season football would have.
been in a very bad way. The Reliance
«"lub of Oakland was represented last
year, but the expense proved so great and
the demands upon the club so frequent
that there was no chance of an eleven be
ing formed from the Oaklanders. wearing
the maroon and white. The Olympic Club
football players started out early this
year and pledged a number of the best
players on the contingency that the new
board of directors wuuld decide to or
ganize a team. Now that this has been
effected the only thing that remains will
be the formation of an eleven, the or
ganisation and the election of captain.
On Monday evening the football mate
rial which Pete Smith has been marshal-
Ing for the past month will meet in the
club rooms and proceed to elect a cap
tain.
The schedule of games for the season
Will be arranged in the very near future, i
There will bo six gan.es in all, commer.c-
Ing on the lirst of October ana continuing
every Saturday, with the single excep
tion of tlie freshman game, which will
.adwiched in somewhere on the pro
gramme. Tho first game — two weeks from
to-day— will in all probability be between
California and the Olympics on ac->
Count of the lead which tho Berkeleyitea :
have on tho Paio Alto kickers in the mat
ter of training. The college at Berke
ley begins its fall semester some two!
: ler than their rivals, and the
blue ami gold supporters are consequent- !
ly in. better trim earlier in the season
than tho wearers of the cardinal. The
;Eecond game will be between the Olymp
icfl and the Stanford eleven, and the
; games will alternate until the champion
ship game of Thanksgiving day.
difficulty ot' an apportionment of
\ receipts has been amicably settled by
Dllege managers and the Olympic i
i The Olympic Club does not get all !
the receipts, but a good portion of them; '
«nough to satisfy the manager. The '
■Olympic team will not go into training
quarters, but they will dine together
<•■■. cry evening at a downtown cafe, and
the strictest training laws will be en
forced,
The material which the Olympic Club ]
captain will have is tho finest in the
State. For linesmen there will be Smith, :
t. ehy, ESrsklne, Btiddlemas, iiobbs, Sex- :
::d Groat, all ol" whom are well
kti"wn and tried veterans. Code, Weldon, i
Platt. King, fullback of the Santa Clara |
team of last year; Nelson, a tackle of the
Portland Athletic Club team, and Faw of j
Oakland will make up a set of players J
tor the baekfleld. Felton Taylor and Ed
die Sherman may be induced to wear the
Olympic colors, though the latter is ex
pecting a call to Arizona to coach a team ■
there. The material of the Olympic Club I
eleven is the best offered to any of the I
team captains tins season.
At the University of California there '
has been no football work going on this
week, as Coach t'Vehran has decided to
give the men a rest until the 19th. At
that time active work will be resumed
ainl the real labors of the season begun. I
Tho following letter has been received
■from Stanford:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 16.—
Most of the material tiiat has appeared Is
light. A few heavy men, however, have come
out to try for the three center positions, all I
of which will have to be filled this year. Only I
f at at laat pear's 'varsity are In college. They I
are Captain Fisher, Murphy, quarterback,
Tarker an<i Hae Smith, ends.
The work of the men has been extremely
light up to this time, consisting in punting,
catching, falling on and running with the
ball, with a little tackling. Captain
Fisher, however, is gradually making the prac
tice severer and expects to have the team
In proper condition for a lineup when Coach
Proas arrives on the 21st.
Everybody la talking about 'varsity pros
pects %nd keeping an eye peeled for likely
looking freshmen. It is evident that Stanford
must rely for success this year on the men
■who have been developed during the last three
years by the splendid second eleven policy In
stituted by Walter Camp and adhered to by his
successors. Cross and Brooke. Of last year's
second team JlcFadden, Erb, Blgelow, Husk,
Emerson, Wilson. C. Dole, Beckett, Wood
ruff, Hill and Bldwell ore back at college.
At present It looks as if the coming 'var-
Blty will be lighter and speedier than the last
four teams. The ends will be quick and the
tackles shifty, while the backs will be of av
erage weight.
Prospects are bright for a good freshman
team. A number of men who nandle them
selves will have already appeared on the field.
Indications are that the baby eleven will be
heavy. A temporary organization has al
ready been effected. Arthur D. Geissler of
San Francisco, who captained St. Matthew's
team last year, has been chosen as tempor
ary captain. His position Is at full. He also
plays a good half. Other promising freshmen
are Rice, end on Tamalpals Academy, Sell,
end on the Denver High School team. Huff,
end for Helmont, and Cooper, full back for the
Portland High School. A heavy and an ac
tive man has appeared for freshman center In
Wlnslow Beedy. He weighs close to 200 pounds
and is a likely candidate for the 'varsity cen
ter as well. Another big freshman who Is
ehowing up well Is Cairns of Tulare.
The football field is being put In the best
possible condition. In the absence of Football
Manager Prechard, who Is In Idaho, Fred I*
Berry, '99, has charge of affairs.
.■•.•.:•---;■- _ CUTTEN.
THE CRICKET SEASON
WILL SOON END
Though the cup matches for the present
season have all been played, there are at
least half a dozen days" cricket still in
prospect. To-morrow a two days' cricket
match between representatives of the
cities of Alameda and San Francisco will
begin on the Alameda ground. The Ala
meda team will be made up thus: H.
Ward (captain), G. I. Baugh, I. H. Spiro,
J. H. Saunders, J. J. R. Peel, F. J. Croll,
V. Seebeck, C. P. Coles, T. W. G. Wal
lace, J. H. Harbour, and B. Bird; re-
Berves. F. Stahl and E. F. Musson. The
representatives of San Francisco will be
B. B. Hogue (captain), J. J. Theobald.
George Theobald, A. Price, J. McLean, F.
C. Drifflcld, J. J. Moriarity, C. Saylor, J.
Sffjrers, F. Sewell and H. H. Cookson. As
§lay begins at 11:30, the members of the
an Francisco team should leave by the
10:15 boat.
Besides tho match just mentioned,
which will take up two Sundays, there is
tho Alphabetical game suggested by Cecil
Gardner, i" which cricketers from all
parts of the State would be invited to
Kin; and there la also the Married vs.
Sintdp match, which was set down on the
schedule for May 22, at Alameda, but was
not played. Then a team will probably
visit San Francisco from Placer County,
and will play two or three matches here.
Tho citrus Colony men always entertain
th<ir visitors so royally that our San
Francisco cricketers nope to have an op
portunity of making some slight return
lor the hospitality they have received.
SOME ECHOES FROM
THE GOLF LINKS
The popularity of golf 1b now a known
quantity and every day some new addi
tion Is made to the ranks of the Scotch
g:;me. During the week the links at Del
>! rate, San Rafael, Burlingame, Pied
mont and other outside grounds were well
patronised and some interesting matches
played.
The tournament on the Oakland and the
Ban Rafael links last Friday and Satur
day proved most successful, both in the
number of entries and the quality of the
playing. At the Ban Rafael links to-day
Mr*. Dr. Arnold will offer prizes for a
ladies' open competition, nine holes It is
expected that a large number of the lady
players will participate and the affair be
quite :i social function.
This afternoon on the Piedmont links
there will be a mix.<l foursomes for ladies
and gentlemen. Th<; ladies who will take
rrnrt are Miss Duff, Miss Dunham Miss
Deane, Miss Jolliffe and Miss ]<elle Mhoo'n
The San Rafael Golf Club has now or
ganized, and they will most likely obtain
possession of the links in Happy Valley in
about two weeks. Then a tournament pro
gramme will be arranged.
The San Francisco Club will be unable
to do anything until the first rains, as
their links are in wretched condition duo
to the cavalry practice over their grounds
every day.
» ♦ ■
Lurlino Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Runslan, hot
and cold tub bathe. Salt water direct from ocean.
THE FIELD OF SPORT
THIRD ANNUAL
TWENTY
MILE ROAD RACE.
The third annual Baker & Hamilton
twenty mile trophy race of the California
Associated Cycling Clubs will be held to
morrow over the San Leandro triangle
course. There are but three clubs enter
ed this year, the Bay City Wheelmen,
Olympic Club Wheelmen and Acme Club
Wheelmen, the starters for whom were
given in The Call yesterday.
The riders, officials, spectators and the
Fitchburg, thence to San Leandro, thence
via the triangle course twice around to
the point where the association's road
faces the usual finish, near San Lean
dro.
The riders, officials, spectators and the
clubs that have called runs to witness the
event will go over on the 8:30 and 9 a.
m. broad-gauge boats to-morrow morn-
Ing.
A morning paper yesterday stated that
the fact that the Garden City Wheelmen
did not enter a team created a "great
sensation," "fell like a thunderbolt,"
etc., and that the racing committee was
"completely nonplussed." Why these ter
rible happenings should have occurred It
is hard to realize, from the simple fact
that the San Jose club did not enter the
race. If his memory of facts was better,
the writer would recall that the Garden
City Wheelmen have never yet entered
a team in the annual twenty-mile race
of the association, and probably never
will. The only team race they ever en
ter for is the annual 100-mlle relay. So
that the "great sensation" is only another
of Ravvy's bursted bubbles, and the
"thunderbolt" will never hurt anybody
unless it reacts as a boomerang upon
himself.
George Bennett and William P. Mar
shall, two well-known local wheel
men, made a long trip over the Admis
sion day holidays, which for change of
scenery and easy riding is hard to equal,
and should make a popular three-days'
outing for touring cyclists. They left
here Thursday night and rode as far as
Vallejo, crossing the straits at Vallejo
Junction by the steamer. Friday they
rode to Napa, and spent the balance of
the clay there sight-seeing. Saturday St.
Helena and Culistoga were visited. Sun
day the return to Vallejo was made in
one day, from which point they took the
train for home. They pronounce the rid
ing excellent, though the weather was
very warm.
Harlow H. White of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen and E. B. Jerome of the Re
liance Wheelmen have just returned from
a two-weeks' wheeling trip to the Yo
semito Valley. They are loud in their
praises of this as a vacation tour for
cyclers, and intend making it again them
selves some other time.
There is some talk of a joint race meet
some time in the near future, to be con
ducted by the Olympic Club Wheelmen
and the Bay City Wheelmen at Elm
hurst. These two clubs should be able
to conduct such a meet with profit. The
Garden City Wheelmeen and the baseball
management divided up nearly a thou
sand dollars as their share of the Ad
mission day meet at San Jose, in spite
uf the heavy expenses entailed for prizes,
advertising, etc. It was the largest crowd
ever on the grounds.
Charles K. Klmic, one of the most pop
ular wheelmen in the Garden City, is to
be married next Monday to Miss Sophie
A. Ohme of Alameda. Klmic is a prom
inent member of the big San Jose club,
and his splendid barytone voice has often
been raised in the entertainment of mem
bers and visitors at socials and smokers.
The fraternity will all Join In wishing
him good luck in his new venture.
In the first heat of his mile match
race with Wing- at San Jose on Admis
sion day "Bunt" Smith established a
new coast competition record, paced. The
former record was 2:UI 2-5, made by E. C.
Bald at San Jose November 8. 1895.
Smith's time was 1:59 flat. Thus further
honors are added to the score of the
doughty locomotive chaser.
H. W. SPALDING.
AMONG THE HUNTERS
AND THE FISH-KILLERS
Among the well-known sportsmen who
will spoon and whip the Eel River during
the coming week are J. V. Coteman,
"Billy" Foote, Dan O'Connell, Judge O.
P. Evans, John Benn, T. Macauley, John
Butler, Colonel W. Keliehor, Fred Ven
ker, John Gallagher and Tom Flynn. On
board the next steamer which will leave
for Eureka will be Colonel Young, Frank
Maskey, J. H. Sammi, Fred Johnson and
H. Smyth.
Steelheads are now moving up the river
in large numbers and the anglers from
this city who will locate at Grizzly Bluff
will certainly enjoy royal sport.
Several striped bass have been caught
during the past few weeks in the sloughs
that meander through Day Island and
Alameda County. Quite a number of
anglers will try their luck to-morrow.
Al Newman and party returned last
Monday from Tocaloma with one nice
buck, but Newman stated positively that
old "Toe," the immense deer which
maimed several dogs this seanon, is still
in the land of the living, and that the
report of his death was premature.
Newman is also willing to wager that
the deer has not been killed and that the
buck whjch was bagged by John Oswald,
and not Mr. Siebert as reported, was
several pounds less in weight than old
"Toe," who stiii roams the hills on the
east side of Tocaloma.
Last Saturday and Sunday the Truckee
River caught a good whipping from
Mi-snrs. Carman. Mansfield, Vogelsang,
Siebe, Haldan, Friedlander, Hamilton, J.
Van Bergon, C. Young, W. Bogart and
H. Hooper. The lovers of fly casting re
port having had excellent sport during
morning arid evening.
Bert La Forge of Boca sent a beautiful
six-pound trout to a friend last Wedn^s
day. The iish was caught within a few
hundred yards of the hotel. As the river
in very low the fishes are consequently
hungry and sport will be good during the
season.
The annual picnic and pigeon shoot of
the Lincoln Gun Club will be held to
morrow at Greenbrae. The first event
will be a twelve-bird team race, and the
second event a six-bird shoot.
Fish Commissioner MrGuire. of Oregon
does not credit an Associated Press re
port that the salmon recently caught In
the Sacramento River were the same as
those set free from the Clackamas hatch
ery, Oregon, or that they can be identl
fli-d with the Clackamas fish because of
the absence of the adipose fin. In an in
terview he said:
"If they can be so Identified, It Is a
significant fact, for scientific exports have
not believed that salmon ever wander so
far away from their native streams.
Moreover, the fish referred to were liber
ated from the hatcheries In the spring of
IK<6 instead of 1R97. as the report had it.
"It Is true, however, that the plan of
marking by the removal of the adipose
fin has overthrown the accepted theory
of Jordan and Gilbert, in at least two
particulars."
"It has demonstrated the fact that eggs
taken in August and September do not
produce late runs. It has been found
that fishes from eggs taken in Septem
ber return to their rivers in the early
spring months. Some 5000 marked fish
were liberated at the Clackamas hatchery
May 21. 1896, while the eggs were taken
the previous fall. It also refutes the idea
that four years are required for salmon
to reach maturity, and then return to
their rivers to spawn. Chinook salmon,
at least, have been known to return fully
matured, with an approximate average of
thirty pounds in wctght, in less than three
years from the tlmo of the taking of the
"This plan of marking Is the original
conception of W. F. Hubbard, superin
tendent of fish culture for the Northwest
hatcheries."
Senator Foraker writes about the
control and trade of our new colonies,
in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
GOSSIP OF THE
BASEBALL
AGGREGATIONS.
Iberg, according to rumor, has been re
leased by Watsonville. What a roaming
sort of a chap this "star" twlrler Is. 1
Pretty soon, I fear, there may be a way
found bo as to deprive him of an oppor
tunity to display his ability. It is strange
he cannot remain with a club long enough
to at least become acquainted.
Hilderbrand of the Athletics gave as ac
ceptable an exhibition of base running as
one would care to see during the last two
games played by his team at the league
grounds. He is a very fast and, I may
add, surefooted runner, and his daring
steal from first to third on an Infield hit
last Sunday places him almost In a class
by himself.
He has also been smashing the sphere
of late, and with his speed on the bases
should hustle those leading In thesa de
partments to no little extent.
Josh Reilly has a grievance; in fact, he
entertains two such gTudges — one against
the Recreation Park management and one
against yours truly. The first of these
grievances should be attended to; as to
the other, I must take care of that my
self.
Josh— and I will insist that the fellow is
not Joking— claims two months' salary
from those interested in Recreation Park,
and because of its non-payment has
ceased to be a member of the famous
Athletics. >
That he is justified In dispensing with
that gray uniform cannot bo denied, and
that he should receive such money as is
due him, according to promise and also
contract, there is no doubt.
Josh is a great ball player. On Satur
day last he played poorly, but all good
players have their good and bad days, and
the simple fact of his having a day off in
no way interferes with the fact that he is
among the very best — if not the beat
players in the league.
He is too grand a man to treat unfairly,
and whatever money is due him should
be paid immediately. Such men as he
should be taken care of, and President
Bert is authority for the statement that
the difficulty will be patched up. It is
sincerely hoped that no time will be lost
in doing so, for without his management
on the field, to say nothing of his playing,
JIMMY LAWLER and SAMMY MAXWELL, Who Will Fight Twenty
Rounds on Tuesday Evening in Woodward's Pavilion.
the Athletics will have a most trying and
unpleasant road to travel.
 For the first time this season com
plaints have been received at headquar
ters pertaining to the vulgar expressions
used by some few select players while
on the coaching lines, and in some cases
when only In uniform on the bench.
Sacramento is foremost regarding this
much-dreaded extreme of baseball, and,
strangely enough, they complain against
a few of their own players, who. it ap
pears, have a habit of vociferously g-uy,
ing opposing teams.
On receipt of these complaints the
Emergency Board acted Instantly, and
letters were mailed these chaps, in which
they were cautioned to desist from their
present methods or take me conse
quences.
I had a chat with one of the board yes
terday and Judging from his manner while
expatiating on this new evil, things in
general are to be made quite warm for
these offensive players.
There is no excuse for a player "using
expressions displeasing to the ears of
spectators.
Guying an opposing tram in a genteel
manner is not objectionable to any one,
but this guying process, when indulged in
to the extent of vulgarity, needs to be
stopped. These few Sacramento players,
or to be more exact, these two Gilt Edge
stars, are not mentioned alone in the
complaint. Santa Cruz has one, and he,
too, haa heard, so the Emergency Board
says, from the high muck-a-muck In the
Recreation Park contingent.
So far as I can learn, if these chaps do
not use a little discretion in the future
serious results will ensue. The magnates
are determined.
Pitcher Borchers has been doing some
splendid work since his advent into our
midst. While I have not had the pleas
ure of seeing the gentleman perform, his
record so far certainly is a grand one.
The Frlscoß have secured a crack
t wirier in Mr. Anderson, from the Pacific
Northwest League.
Mr. Dugale, who managed one of the
teams In that organization, speaks most
glowingly of his ability, and in a word
declares that he was the best pitcher up
in those parts. The finish of this Raver
league, from indications, will be great.
JOE CORBETT.
Bead in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph
Le Conte, Father MacCorry, Dr. B. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphill and Rabbi It.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgson of the American Society of
Psychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
OARSMEN EAGER
TO WIN
CHAMPIONSHIPS.
Tha Ariel intermediate crew, made up
of H. Wilson (bow), G. Steffens (No. 2),
J. McKenna (No. 3) and James Wilson
(stroke), has begun to train for the cham
pionship regatta. The place left vacant in
the Turners' crew by G. Steffens will be
filled by F. Loth, who rowed No. 3 in the
Lynch crew, but will pull stroke oar in
the Turners' barge. The Lynch crew has
taken in Frank Lamonte, and has been
rowing regularly for the past two weeks.
As #ji early date is likely to be fixed for
the championship races, all the crews
have been directed to begin active train
ing. William McCausland is practicing,
and, by entering the shell event, will do
his best to disprove the charges of lack
of grit and good sportsmanship that have
been made against him. Frank Wilson
and George Phelan wil enter the senior
skiff race and Charles Sternberg and J.
Fickert the junior skiff event. All four
have begun training.
The South End Rowing Club will prob
ably have entries in eve-ry championship
event The Junior barge crew, consisting
of C. Jenkins (bow), V. Koster (No. 2), T.
Halloran (No. 3) and William Barry
(stroke), has an average weight per man
of 155 to 160 pounds. The "midgets" will
begin training on Sunday. R. McArthur
is constantly out in .skiff or shell, and will
pull in the junior shell race. J. Foley
and Frank Duplissea will represent tho
club in the senior shell event. Dr. C. C.
Dennis is practicing regularly and, using
a new eklff that the South Ends propose
to buy, hopes to retain his position as
champion. J. Lyons goes out two or
three times a week, and will enter the
junior skiff race.
The South Ends have not yet made up
an Intermediate barge crew, but will
probably get one together. Work on the
handball court will be resumed tomorrow,
and it is hoped to have it ready in time
for tho club entertainment on November
1. The South Ends propose to buy a new
barge, for they feel that their boats are
inferior in speed and lightness to those
owned by other clubs.
O. Riehl of the Alamerta Boat Club has
engrossed and illuminated tho resolutions
of thanks to be sent to the Astoria re
gatta committee. At the last meeting the
following new members were elected:
Arthur Hammersmith, George Hammer
smith, B. F. Lamborn, L. Storch and Her
bert Wilhelmi. It is intended to purchase
another yawl for the use of members.
The intermediate barge crew of the
Dolphin Club Is practicing regularly, and
the men are getting well together. They
go out two evenings during the week and
on Sunday morning and afternoon. A. W.
Pape is captain, and will content himself
with barge rowing for the rest of this
season. Not being able to secure the use
of a light Bkiff, he will not enter the skiff
event at the championship regatta.
As two men of the Pioneers' intermedi
ate barge crew are in the junior class,
they have decided to row In the junior
four-oar, which will be made up thus: 11.
Wilder, bow; P. O'Neill, No. 2; George
Larsen, No. 3; W. Larsen, stroke. George
Larsen is also training for the junior skiff
event and C. Ochs for the senior skiff
championship. A new intermediate barge
orew may be formed, consisting of F.
Orr, W. St. John, C. Ochs and a fourth
man. Two crews go out almost every
night. The Pioneers will hold a club re
gatta at the end of October or early In
November.
SWIMMING FOR
«& THE CHAMPIONSHIP
The world' 3 championship 440 yards
swimming match will take place to-mor
row at Sutro Baths between Dan Green,
the Pacific Coast swimmer, and Sid Ca
vill, the Australian champion. This will
be one of the most interesting contests
ever witnessed on this coast, as it is going
to be the final struggle for supremacy
between the Californian and the Austra
lian. The (champion) Californian. . Dan
Green, says that the invader cannot take
the laurels from California without a
hard struggle. Last Sunday, Green claims,
he did not get a fair start in the 220
yard race, but in this comine race he will
be up to the scratch In time.
Burglar Gets a Life Sentence.
George Cameron, convicted of burglary
in the first degree in Judge Wallace's
court, and who unfortunately had a prior
conviction of a similar nature against his
name, was sentenced to life imprisonment
by Judge Wallace yesterday. On the 30th
of last June Cameron entered the store of
John Gardner, 160 Fifth street, and looted
the establishment. He was caught while
leaving the place, and for this careless
ness on his part he will spend his last
hours behind prison bars.
John A. Bachman the defaulting treas
urer of the Grutli Verein, who was found
guilty on a charp-e of embezzlement, was
sentenced to five years in San Quentin.
THE PUGILISTS
ARE
TRAINING HARD.
On Tuesday evening the Western Ath
letic Club will give its first entertainment
in Woodward's Pavilion, and, as the card
Is good, a crowded house Is expected.
Jimmy Lawlor invariably puts up a good
fight, and, as his opponent, Sammy Max
well, is a pretty hard nut to crack, an in
teresting twenty-round bout should re
sult. This contest will decide the light
weight championship. £'
Mike McCormick and Toung Peter
Jackson will have a ten-round argument,
and Jimmy Riley and Kid O'Brien will
also warm each other's sides for ten
rounds. The club has chosen Walter
Watson, late boxing instructor of the
Olympic Club, for referee, and in this se
lection it certainly made no mistake, as
Watson is conversant with every point In
the game.
George Green is getting into splendid
form for his twenty-round meeting with
Frank McConnell. Green is well aware
that he must fight a great battle on this
occasion, as defeat will assuredly put a
damper on his record, and especially If
wnipped by a man who is so young in the
business as McConnell. The last named
pugilist is saying very little concerning
the mill, but Judging from the amount of
hard work he is taking at his training
quarters in AJameda it can be easily in
ferred that Me will try hard to blot out
the spot caused by his recent defeat in
the Olympic Club.
Tom Tracey, the clever Australian, is
also trainin? with McConnell In Ala
meda, as he expects a little trouble in the
future with the famous "Kid" Lavigne.
The National Club is making great over
tures for a match between Corbett and
McCoy. It wired the pugilists a very
tempting offer a few days ago, but, as it
will not tolerate snap-shooting during the
mill by the kinetoscope marksmen, it is
extremely doubtful If the "Kid" or
James J. will entertain the proposition.
Besides, Corbett is not particularly anx
ious about fighting in this city, and will
doubtless remain in New York.
This is what "Parson" Davles' paper,
World of Sport of Chicago, says of the
departure of Young Griffo to the dun
geon:
That charming product of the modern prize
ring 1 , Younif Griffo, who recently shook the
dust of Sun Francisco from oft his feet at the
earnest requost of the authorities of that city,
arrived In Chicago last week. He wasn't In
vlted, but he tame anyway. Hla general ap
pearance was what might be expected from
the course of life he has pursued for several
years past. Blear-eyed, corpulent and whisky
sodden, the once brilliant boxer Is now a per
fect specimen of the degenerate and a hope
less wreck. Immediately upon his arrival he
net about accumulating the materials for a
grand and fantastic Jag-.
Later on he, according to custom, became
Involved in a saloon brawl and was shortly
afterward led away to the familiar seolusion
of a cell. The fine was 925. and as his per
sonal assets did not amount to 25 cents, ha is
now serving a fifty-three day sentence In the
workhouse.
The only regret which harassed the minds
of those who knew him was that the term of
imprisonment should be of such short dura
tion. Fifty-three years would be better, much
better, and even then it would be a wise pre
caution to have him re-arrested by the m>rt
generation at the expiration of the sentence'
SUICIDE OF A COBBLEB*
Robert Goepel Ends His Life With a
Bullet Through His Brain.
Robert Goepel, a shoemaker, whose
place of business is at 524 Polk street
committed suicide yesterday morning by
sending a pistol bullet through his head
At noon yesterday H. H. Pierce of the
Bellingham Bay Lumber Company called
at Goepel's shop for the purpose -of tak
ing away a pair of shoes that he had left
there to be repaired. He found the front
door locked, and went around to ; the back
way, where he entered. : On a lounge in
the little room off the shop lay the body of
Goepel with a bullet wound in the head
A cheap and rusty "bulldozer" 38-caliber
pistol lay on the floor just under the right
hand of the dead man. •
There was no writing or evidence that
would tend to throw light on the motives
take nYsTife unfortu "^ 6 ££n to
Goepel was'a witness in the murder cas«
of Albert Verenesneckockhoff, alias H^ff
the murderer having slept with the shoe
™aMrs.°slul1 c c ' ght followln themurdeV
The dead man was a native of Germany
aged about 50 years. He was married but
was living apart from his, wife. • '
Photographing Sound, the latest
discovery of science, in next Sunday's
Call. *
A WEEK WITH
THE
RACKET-WIELDERS
The championship doubles tournament
at San Rafael, although not productive of
the very best quality of tennis, showed
that there are a number of young players
who are rising every day to a place which
will put them in the tirst class. The only
genuinely first class teams who entered
were the Hardys, and they merely de
fended their title to the coast champion
ship. Picher and Freeman won the all
comers' tournament with ease from the
"pony" team, Weihe and Adams. They
then met the champions, and it was the
same kind of a story from the reverse
side.
The one team which played as if they
had the genius of tennis within them
was Welhe and Adams. They are both
young men and have many years of ten
nis before them, but they play like old
men. They occupy the same relative po
sition to tennis that the Hardyß did five
years ago, when they suddenly burst out
into the tennis world by defeating the
crack double team of the California Club,
Stetson and De Long. Since that tima
the Hardys have reigned supreme in
doubles, but if the "ponies" of the Cali
fornia Club make a corresponding prog
ress in the next two years there will be
a rival team to the Hardys.
Welhe is the better player of the two.
He reminds one of Sam Neel, formerly of
the Oakland Club, Dut now one of the best
players in Chicago. His play possesses
the same characteristics of quickness and
ease, but he still has to learn accuracy
and Judgment. Pichers and Freeman's
advantage lay In their superior condition
and strength. The first set the ponies
played them 10—8, but after that they
were worn out physically and their heart
was gone, something the Hardys, as
young as they were, never suffered from.
Another team which promises great
things in the future is Hamilton and
Drummond McGavin, mere youngsters,
who play the tennis of men. That the
tournament of San Rafael was productive
of good there can be no doubt, if for no
other than the sole reason that the new
young material was given a chance.
At the California Club this afternoon
there will be a doubles tournament
Teams will be formed to-day and the
play begun at 2 o'clock. As soon as a
team loses two games it will be disquali
fied from further participation In the
tournament.
George Whitney played Joe Hooper
during the week and beat him in three
straight sets. Robert Ingles, the Stock
ton player, was on the California courts
during the week and will return to his
native heath much enlightened in the way
of tennis matters.
THE FIELD TRIAL CLUB
MEETS THIS MONTH
John Elder of Alameda has been the
victim of a dastardly dog poisoner. His
Newfoundland pup, valued at $100, was
found on Saturday last on Johnson ave
nue dying of strycnnine, administered by
some contemptible miscreant. The pup's
size carried off the first prize at six suc
cessive bench shows. Mr. Elder offers a
large reward for the arrest of the poi
soner.
Charles B. Drucker, the president of the
San Francisco Board of Education, has
presented his line imported mastiff to his
friend, William B. Higgins of the St.
Charles Hotel, Monterey. Mr. HJggins
is immensely proud of his newly acquired
canine friend, and it is understood has
applied for admission to the Pacific Mas
tiff Club.
The second forfeit of the Pacific Coast
Field Trials will be due and payable on
October 1. A meeting of the club will be
held during the lasi week of the current
month. The members of the club were
bo pleased with the judging of Mr. Merri
man last year that they will Invite that
gentleman to perform his journey west
ward again this year.
The "members' amateur stake" has de
cidedly "caught on." The ct editions of
entry are simply that members shall
handle their own dogs, that the dogs they
enter shall be their own bona-flde prop
erty, and that they shall never have
handled other dogs than their own for
any pecuniary compensation. Three gen
tlemen have promised silver cups for this
stake, and other trophies are on the
tapis.
The California Collie Club ha 3 called a
meeting at San Jose for to-morrow for
the purpose of considering the new rule
proposed by the A. K. C. for the Pacific
Coast. This is the change suggested by
the minority report of the July conven
tion of lrennel clubs, and consists of the
requirement that five wins— instead of
three, as heretofore — in the winner's class
be required to entitle to a championship.
The rules committee of the A. K. C. pro
pose to limit this qualification to the Pa
cific Coast.
The Pacific Mastiff Club meets on
Thursday next, the 22d inst. Several ap
plications for membership are on file, and
these will be disposed of. A proposition
for admission from some late members of
the Great Dane Club will also be consid
ered. The desire of these latter appli
cants is that the P. M. C. undertake to
foster the interests of both breeds.
FIGHTING FOR PURE FOODS.
Local Manufacturers Active In the
Movement for This Reform.
At the meeting of the directors of the
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion yesterday Elwood Cooper, president
of the State Horticultural Society, deliv
ered an address on pure foods, In which
he urged upon the members to do all in
their power to spread the movement over
the entire State. To confine It to the city
means that when brands of adulterated
foods are driven from the cities they are
to be found soon after in the country and
in small municipalities. He believes that
a State Pure Foods Bureau should be es
tablished. Oscar Lewiß reported that J.
J. Dunn is now drafting amendments to
the pure foods laws, to be introduced in
the coming Legislature. J. W. Kerr called
attention to the fact that it is proposed
to purchase 100 flre alarm boxes for tho
city, as announced recently in The Call
He said that Chief Sullivan, who has al
ways been an advocate of nome products
states that these boxes can be made at
one-half the cost that the Gamewell sys
tem boxes are offered for.
Mr. Kerr recommended that steps be
taken to have tne boxes made in this
city for about $66, instead of payine $125
for the kind that is offered. A committee
consisting of Directors Kerr, Bowers and
MsKee was appointed to see Chief Sulli
van, and if the boxes can be made as
stated the committee was directed to ap
pear before the Supervisors and endeavor
to have the work done here. A resolu
tion indorsing the Oakland Exposition
and promising all the sunport possible
was passed. President Sbarboro stated
that he and several others had tht-ir
hands full to induce the Non-Partisan
party to leave the pure foods plank in
its platform in the recent convention.
BATTLESHIP OHIO.
The Contract for Its Construction
Here Brings Joy.
The thousands of mechanics and labor
ers employed at the Union Iron works are
over delighted at the good news, to them,
of the firm having received the contract
from the United States Government for
the building of the battleship Ohio and
the three torpedo boats.
This contract at this time Is received
with much Joy by the Potrero colony, who
rely on the Scotts for a living for them
selves and their families the year round.
It Is all the more welcome just at this
time, as the Government vessel Wisconsin
is near her completion and will be shot
off the ways early next month. In her
place will be laid the framework of the
Ohio as soon as the drawings reach the
office of the builders. This will keep the
three thousand and odd men now at work
.busy tor at least ona more year.
SMALL YACHTS
HOPE FOR
A FAIR BREEZE.
Since regatta day Petrel and Kittiwako
have been officially measured. The rac
ing length of the former is 15.60 feeuand
of the latter 15.21 feet. As Kittiwake'a
corrected time over the "special course"
was 1 minute 11 seconds better than that
of Petrel and she receives a time allowance
of about 40 seconds in addition. Kittiwako
wins the L>aw cup. Aeolus, being the win
ner of the Macdonough cup, and Speed
well of the Delegates' cup, all the tro
phies go to Tiburon.
The South Isays were greatly disap
pointed that the sloop Papoose did not
arrive in time to take part in the regatta.
E. Stone, the builder at Hunters Point,
had promised to cut her down from the
thirty-foot to the twenty-five foot class
and to have her in good trim for the race.
Thinking that he had reduced her suffi
ciently he did not measure her until the
morning of the 9th. Then, finding that
she was still more than twenty five feet
in racing length, he had to do more work
upon her, so that she was not ready to
start for the city till 11 a. m. and was
unable to reach the starting line in time.
The South Bays would like to see a race
between the best twenty-live footers of
all the clubs. The sloop Feu Follet has
returned to Alviso after an absence of
two months at Pacific Grove and Santa
Cruz. The schooner Dawn will have in
a few days for a cruise to Sulsun Bay.
The Corinthian small-yacht regatta,
postponed last Sunday for lack of wind,
will be held to-morrow if possible. The
cruise to Vallejo set down on the pro
gramme for to-day will be deferred till
At the last meeting of the Corinthians
the following new members were elected:
R. R. THommedieu, G. W. Crowell. L. E.
Noonan, C. B. Kaufman and W. J. Dut-
ton.
The architects. Havens & Toepke, have
prepared plans for an extension to the
Tlburon boathouse. The proposed addi
tions would much increase the accommo
dations for members, but are somewhat
costly. It is also proposed to dredge out
the Cove— another useful but also ex
pensive Job. A special meeting of mem
bers will be called at an early date to
decide what shall be done by the club.
E. B. Lathrop's sloop Pride, the top
mast of which carried away on Admis
sion day, has been lying at the foot of
Third street, being fitted with a new
mast.
Last Sunday afternoon J. M. Punnett,
G. T. S. White and Bosqui sailed to
Paradise Cove in the sloop Will o' the
Wisp. The Corinthian yachts Emelie,
Nixie and Pride were also in the cove.
The yawl Frolic cruised to McNpars
Landing on Saturday, and the sloop Twi
light went out cruising on Sunday. Com
modore Dr. T. L. Hill will cruise to El
Campo to-morrow.
The yawl Idler has been sold to Mr.
Burnham, Hotel Metropole, Oakland,
who will join the Californias. The sloop
Mist has been sold and has gone to Al
varado. The sloop Sappho and the
schooner Drift are b'ing at the club
moorings. The sloops Embla and Occi
dent are to have a match race at an early
date. On Admission day the latter was
beaten by nearly twenty-seven minutes,
corrected time. Verona has been re
paired and repainted, and the sloop Sea
Fox is at Beetle's for repairs to her bow
sprit, injured by a tug on regatta day.
The steering gear of U & I pave way as
she was rounding the leeward stakeboat
on Admission day, and the sloop was
compelled to abandon the race.
The California fleet, under command of
Vice Commodore G. B. Edgar, will start
this afternoon for Marin Islands, where
a stag clam bake will be held to-morrow.
At the meeting of the directors of the
California Yacht Club on Thursday even
ing G. F. Gaither tendered his resigna
tion as secretary. He will, however, not
give up yachting, but hopes to resume it
next season in a better boat.
THE OHIOANS.
Prospects of Nut Cracking Bee With
Hickory, Butter and Chestnuts
From the Buckeye State.
At the meeting of the Ohio Society of
California, held Thursday at Mystic Hall,
President Ben B. Haskell presided. The
following members wero elected: E. P
Morey, William A. Martin, M. D., and L.
E. Tuttle. Addresses were made by Dr.
Wadsworth, W. H. Jordan, H. L. Tick
ner, H. A. Iddlngs and Norman Arter. A
proposition to amend the constitution so
as to admit to active membership persons
who have resided in Ohio for seven years
or more was defeated. It was decided to
give an entertainment during the month
of October, to which Ohio people and their
friends will be invited.
Edward L. Baldwin unwittingly made
himself the hero of the evening by an
nouncing that he had ordered a barrel of
hickory nuts, butter nuts and chestnuts
from "home." The generous applause
which greeted this announcement from all
parts of the hall indicatt'd that the gray
beards as well as the younger element in
the society were pleased with the prospect
of a nut-cracking bee in the near future.
Under the head of good of the order
Daniel E. Hanlon entertained the mem
bers with some dramatic selections.
Expressions of Sympathy.
At a meeting of the Austrian Military
and Benevolent Association last evening 1
the following resolution was unanimously
passed and ordered forwarded:
To His Majesty the Emperor of Atißtria,
Vienna: We are deeply grieved and sincerely
mourn the death of our beloved Empress Eliza
beth. May God protect and preserve your
Majesty to rule our beloved country. Yours
faithfully,
Austrian Military and Benevolent Association,
507 Butter street, San Francisco, Cal.
M. SARADIN. President.
S. RAICEVICH, Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment
BITTI'KE cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless 1 , sure and permanent
cure. VABK'OIKLE, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated wlta unfailing success. Conta.
jgioii* blood iwlnoii in any of its
stages thoroughly eradicated from tha
system, l^ndles will receive special
attention for 1 their many ailments.
WRITE It you cartnot call. No charge
for advice by mail- He will also send
you a valuable book; "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
SWEANY, M. D., 7371 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
TWO GREAT EVENTS!
NON-WINNER ami
CHAMPION STAKES!
EIGHTY-FOUR ENTRIES.
TO-DAY 12:30 P. M.
SUNDAY Ios3o A. M.
Take tha Mission-street car and it will land
you at the rates.TOGGLES LOWERS
TRACK RECORD
Trots a Fast Mile at
Sacramento.
FAILS TO ANNEX THE RACE
BEATEN THE SUCCEEDING TWO
HEATS BY MONTEREY.
Shasta Wins the Mil© Handicap
From Libertine — False Start
Costs Major Cook's Owner
a Purse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. IC— lt was quiet
at the track after th>> Immense ihrong of
rday, and but little coin changed
hands. Five trotting and pacing events
Were decided, of which favorites took two.
In the running events a favorite and a
Eeeond choice were successful.
Toggles, the sturdy little Fresno horse,
driven by Charles Clark, was the star
performer of the day in one respect. He
was favorite in the opening betting for
the free -for- nil trot, and in a drive
downed th« fast-coming Monterey a half
length in 2:10%, a new track record for
trotters. Then he was done, for Monterey
fathered in the succeeding two heats and
the purse.
The mllu dash for 2:16 class trotters ap
pean il to fit Prince (rift, and in the books
ne was a prohibitive 1 to 4 favorite. It
■was only an exercise jog for him, as he
epreadt-agied his field In 2:14 121 2 - "Billy"
Donathon, behind I-iou, took second money
from May B, with a !Htl<" to spare.
The two-mile dash for 2:20 ciass trotters
resulti-'! In a tnuvi dump for bettors. The
event was looked upon as a little oil from
the big can for the southern horse, Ned
Thorn, and he ruled a 3 to 5 chance in the
books. ''Fanner" Owen of Joe Wheeler
fame farcied the chances of Nellie Hly,
and a few checks were strung that way
at odds of 4 nnd 5 to 1. From the manner
in which Driver Hellman and Ned Thorn
rattled off the first mile with Dr. J be
hind his like it looked all over. After the
next three-quarters had been covered,
though, Ned tir>-d perceptibly, and was
passe-d at the head of the stretch by Nelly
Bly. Th.» maro then won as she pleased
in 4:47. and "Farmer" Owen acknowledged
tho applause from the stand by doffing
his hat.
It looked as though one had been
'framed up" in the 2:18 class mile dash.
If so it fell through. The odds first chalked
against the six entries by the pawn
brokers would cause a one-eyed faro
dealer to put his box away: and when
Myrtle Thorn was backed from 8 to 6 to
1 to 4 by a $34 play, there was a rush of
"outside" men to the paddock to see if
the caucus had decided that the mare
■was the goods. When the field was given
the word two costly breaks before the
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACBAMENTO, Sept. 16, 1898.— Eleventh day of the State Fair
races. Weather fine; track good.
A. B. BPRECKELS, Presiding Judge. J. W. WILSON. Starter.
25. Fli^ T
trot;
repeat; purse,
FIRST HEAT.
Index. Horse.
«ra.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Drivers.
(10) Toggles
21 SI nterey
in Galette
10 Zornbro
{
3
4
1
2 2
4
1 3
3 2
1 h
2 2
1 8
2 2
3 1
4
1 1
2 4
3 1
4
S 8
4
Clark I
Williams
Bunch
■10
2
8
8
1-4
6-2
10
10
Conley
Time l:IT, 2:10 H. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Charles E.
Clarke's br. (?• by Strathway-Fly. Away on the fourth score.
•• •• very steadily. Williams took him hack at the half mile pole. He
• ] very strong. Galette had speed to burn first quarter.
SECOND HEAT.
Index. Horse. St. %m. Mm. %m. Str. Sin. f Drivers. Op. Cl.
21 Monterey 3 2h 22 22 1H 16 Williams 2 1
(10) Tosßles 2 11 11 11 23 28 Clark 1-3 1-2
10 Oalette 4 32 3h 824 36 Bunch 16 20
10 Zombro I_4 4 4 3 4 4 Conley [10 20
Time. 34. 1:06%. 1 '■'•'■'■:. 2:11%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third easily.
Away on fifth score.
Galetto had a little early speed. Monterey trotted level and had Toggles beaten from
the half mile.
3
I
2 h
1 1
3 2
4
2 2
1 1
3 h
4
Hm.
2 I
1 1
3 2
4
\m.
Str.
m
23
4
34
1 6
2 8
3 6
4
Drivers.
us
2
1-3
16
10
1
1-2
20
20
THIRD HEAT.
Index.
?•• ne
V4m.
%m.
Str.
21 Mnntorey '4 28 28 12 18 110 ;Wllllams 1-4 3-10
10 Znmt.rn 2 12 12 2 10 28 26 Conley 10 5
10 Galetti 1 4 4 4 4 8 4 Bunch 16 15
iggles I 3 it »6 88 16 4 | Clark 2 i
Time, :»4V4, 1:07. I :3 s: i. 2:13 H. Good start. Won easily. Second easily. Third driving.
Winner. P. J. Williams' eh. c. by Bldney-Hattie. Away on fourth score.
F.as-y for Monterey. T'f?Kles was in very bad shape after first heat.
us
1-4 3-10
10 5
16 15
2 3
()££ SECOND RACE— 2:I6 trot; mile daah; purse. $300.
Index. Horse.
%m.
Vim.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Drivers.
(21) Trince Gift 2 14 14 110 18 110 Kent 1-4 1-5
17 Lou 5 42 24 23 iU 22 Donathan .... 5 6
17 May B 6 412 {3 88 840 850 Hellman 8 10
17 nur Jack 4 8 8 6 42 43 Sullivan 10 IS
... George Waphlngton ..8 68 68 68 62 63 Smith 12 15
13 Silver Rlnt, 1 24 41 44 6 6 lw r illlajn» ....'I 10 1>
Time. :34. 1:0744, 1:39. 2:14V4. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win-
ner, J. B. Ivers»on's br. g. by Good Gift-Belle. Away on fourth score.
Gift outclQßsed others. Jack broke on first turn. Silver Ring had little early speed.
2
5
6
4
8
1
1 4
If
4 12
6
68
2 4
16
2 4
t 8
6
6 8
4 1
10
3
8
3
4
1 8
8 iO
4 2
6 3
6
1 10
2 2
8 50
4 3
6 8
6
|Kent .........
Donathan ....
Hellman ......
Sullivan
Smith I
Willlama
QiT THIRD RACE— 2:2O trot; two-mile dash; purse, isgo.
Index. Horse.
lm.
IHm.
Str.
... Nelly Bly 4 4 4 22 H 15 Ovens S 4
(20) Ned Thorne 2 11 119 14 28 28 Hellman 8-5 8-5
20 Doctor J 1 210 24 82 84 810 Sullivan 2 8-5
_ ! _. J _Los Anselea 8 82 3 6 4 4 4 [Cain 6-5 5
Time. 1 mile. 2:20H: IVi miles, 2:57 Vi: 1H miles. 8:84; l\ miles, 4:09; t miles. 4:47. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner, C. A. Owen* 1 b. m. by Starboul-
Sadly McGreKKor. Away on fourth score.
Thorne was best hose, but was driven with very bad Judgment.
4
1
Z
4
1 1
2 10
3J
4
1 10
I 4
3 6
2 2
1 4
8 2
4
1 1
2 6
84
4
1 6
2 3
8 10
4
ian"".]"ll
an
AD FOURTH RACE— 2:IB trot; mile dash; purse, $300.
Index. Horse.
%m.
%m.
Str.
U Diamont . 1 26 h 12 1* 110 [Hogoboom .... 6 8
17 Myrtle Thorne 2 4 2 46 4 8 8 1 M PoSathan ._. g-5 2 -5
22 Menlo Belle 5 1 8 4 8 2 4 8 8 8 Hellman 8-5 5
8 liOttle 6 6 6 6 81 4i B u ni v&n 7 _ s 5
22 Harry Marvin 4 I B4 6 8 6 Carrlllo « g
v » Joe Selby 3 11 16 26 21 6 Smith ..| \ >
Time, :3H. 1:08% l:«H, 2:17. Good start Won easily. Second and third drlvlnjt.
Winner. D. E. Knights' b. r. by Lynmont-Daifiy. Away on second score.
Myrtle Thorne very unsteady. Selby stopped badly.
1
2
5
6
4
2 6
4 2
8 1
6
5 «
I_l
1 h
4 6
8 4
6
5 4
1 2
4 8
I 2I 2
JJ
14
8 1
!
6
2 1
1 10
2 1
3 8
4 1
i«
n »»
1 »■■ ■
QQ FIFTH RACE— 2:23 pace;
Index. Horse.
%m.
Hm.
%m.
Btr.
(18) Lad;- Margaret 1 13 15 18 ■18 12 Durfeo . .. i •_«
23 Gaff Topsail 3 810 2 2 2 1 |j 2 3 Smith 19 3
28 Clara H :... 5 410 418 42 8 5 86 Eddy 4 8
18 Majella P. 3 21 8 2 8} 41 4 1 Bunch ..._.. J 8-S
18 Belle W 7 610 611 10 880 540 Wernpa ..ZZI 1 8-5
18 Mia Louise 4 8 8 1 «li 620 gnnalhan 8 »
18 Harry J 6 715 710 63 7 1 Frank ...CT! 6 8
18^ Silas Simons 8 610 6 6 * |Albert«on ...7| 8 6
•Pulled up.
Time :24, 1:08, 1:41%, 2:19. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving Winner
Mrs M. Adams' hr. m. by Star Sultan by son of Georre Wilkes. .Away on first boot*.
Silas Simons broke hopelessly at halt pole. •
1
%
5
3
7
4
6
8
1 3
8 10
4 10
21
6 10
8
7 15
6 10
1 5
2 2
4 IB
8 2
6 II
8
7 10
6 6
1 «
2 1
4 2
M
10 10
t
« I
1 8
||
s so
6 10
7
13
2 3
8 6
4 1
6 40
« 20
SIXTH RACE— Ont mile; free handicaps purse, 1260.
R. J. HAVET. BUrtK.
Horse. Age. Weight.
Mm.
*m.
%m.
Str.
Pin.
Jockeys.
(22) Shasta Water, 4.... 108 3
19 libertine, a 112 2
22 Polish. 4 99 1
S
1 1
2 h
I
1 2
8
2 2
h
2
1 h
2 6
3
T ......
8-5
6-5
_4
&
Time JHfc :W. 1:1W4. 1:42. G°o<J "tart. Wbn first two driving.
Waterhouse'n b. m. by Imp. Maxim-Tyranny.
Shanta Water was the best. Polish had spaed the tint part
Winner.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
*m.
%m.
Btr.
Jockeys.
McAllister, 6.:
• Cooß. 6. ...'...
Leaf, 4 :
nurphy, : 6.. ...".:
I
2
M
36
4
. 2
I 20
11
a *
1
4-6
I
lan ;
Time :25%, :60V4, 1:18%. Oood etart. Won pullln* op. - B«cond and third driving. Win
ner, Al Smith's eh. g. by Imp. Friar Tuck-Twlllght.  -■.". . ; '..■"-■;. ■ • ■ :
Major Cook, Oak Leaf and Pat Murphy ran threo-owteif to;» falM break to ISB fla%
Major Cook winning easily. Sport MoAlH»t»r stay** a* lb» post After the raise break
the others were dead.
half pole was reached rut Myrtle out of
business. Dalmont, over which Hogo
boom held the reins, took the lead from
Joe Selby after passing the half and won
by eight"bike lengths from Myrtle Thome
(the favorite).
The 2:23 pace, decided In one trip around
the elllpitlc, was but a brief effort fur
the 7 to 5 favorite, Lady Margaret, be
hind which sat \V. G. Durfee. She slipped
away from her field when Starting Judge
Wilson gave them the word at the llrst
score, and the result was never In doubt,
the mare winning cleverly by over a
length from Gaff Topsail in 2:19. Clara
H was a good third.
After this event the course was given
up to the gallopers. The one mile handi
cap drew out Viut three starters. Shasta
Water had a decided call in the betting,
and catching Libertine in the run to the
wire, beat the big sprinter out a neck
in l -42 The winner was ridden to good
advantage by George Snider. Polish was
outclassed in his present form.
The final six-furlong sprint was respon
sible for a complicated state of affairs.
Only a pocketful of horses started, with
Major Cook ruling favorite at post time.
Three of the four starters ran through
the rubber band and Major Cook won
easily from Oak Leaf.
Starter Havey said that he gave no
word and the hordes were ordered to the
post again. Sport McAllister .with I'ig
gott in the saddle, which had remained
It the post, then won easily, with Major
°I?\Sh 'reQUire ?VPvid%t retch of the
imagination to oven think of this rubber
tubing proving a success, and trouble
awaits the muchly touted starter at the
coming winter meeting.
The following are to-morrow's entries,
weights and over-night betting odda:
First race, selling, six furlongs:
SO Gilt Edge. 104. ..12-1 27 NU«jU% 108 .6-5
28 Faversham. 104. .4-1 27 Napian, 96 7-10
Peor.nd race, srlling. six and a half furlongs:
"1 Mmzanlllo 101 ..S-i 12 Venis. 94 2-1
Third race, selling, six furlongs:
Mnjrnn* 102 . . 6-1 : .. Miss Dlvidend,99.s-1
ii TP^fnca 102::::.. 12-1 2c Stoic, 102 15-1
$« if PhlllD 102 .3-1 •• Prompto, 102-»... 3-1
M Ma&. M".:.8-s;zSßoul. Wheel. 9*.6-2
Fourth race, handicap, one and a quarter
miles:  ... „ .
SI Marplot. 93 4-11 24 Cromwell 110.... 7-6
19 W. Fortune, 107.3-1 24 Grady. 112 4-6
Fifth rare, selling, six furlongs:
20 L. Britannic. 98.7-6 .. Wm. OB 106... 8-1
32 Roadw;irmer. 101.7-5 26 Durango, 100.... 10-1
34 Pat Murphy. 101-6-1
Sixth race, selling, seven and a half furlongs:
21 A. Andrew, 106..4-1 .. Don Luis, 106. ...6-5
.. Huntsman. 106. ..6-1' 21 Koko, 110 e-5
.. Tom Smith, 106.. 5-1
Entries for Monday's running races of
the California Jockey Club meeting close
to-morrow at noon.
Mudlarks Get the Coin.
BUFFALO, Sept. 16.—The Fort Erie track
was covered with deep mud to-day.
First race, selling, one mile—Mystery wen,
Arrezzo second, Annie Tauton third. Time,
Second race, selling, five furlongs—Lauren
tlan won, Lizzie Kelly second Defiance third.
Time. 1:064. _ . _
Thlnl race, seven fnrlongs. selling—Fred X
won, Demosthenes second, Miss Kitty third.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs, sell-
Ing, Buena Ventura won. Mouseltof second.
By George third. Time. 1:13.
Fifth race, seven furlongs —Leon won. Home
like second. Kenosha third. Time, l:36'i.
Sixth race, selling, one mlle-^Judge Qulcley
won Confession second, Infellce third. Time,
1:52.
Photographing Sound, the latest
discovery of science, in next Sunday's
CalL
THE SAST FRAK CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1893.
GROWLS OVER
TWO ODD FOULS
Second Horses Set Back
at Hawthorne.
AN UNPARALLELED RULING
OLD DAVID, CAN'T DANCE AND
PRINCE BLAZES WIN.
Apple Jack, Aureole, Annie M, Lyl
lis, Volandies and Miss C Are
the Successful Ones at
Newport, Ky.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Sept. 16.— animal finish-
Ing second in both the first and second
races at Hawthorne were disqualified for
fouling to-day and in consequence \ there
was no end of excitement. It is doubtful
If there are parallel cases on record, at
least on one track during an afternoon.
The pair set back were 'resepectlvely
Nora C and Elidad, and, strange to relate,
both were ridden by Californlans, J.
Woods and Beauchamp. Cash Sloan car
ried off the riding honors of the afternoon.
J. McDonald and J. Woods, of the Golden
State, piloted winners. The track was
deep in mud. Three favorites got home in
front:
First race, Belling, two-year-olds; five fur
longs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j %. %. Btr. Fin.
•Old Fox. 104 Holden 0 S 1 Ins
•Nora C. 101 J. Woods 2 1 8 t2
A McKnight, 104 Bloss S 2 2 3
Nat Roo, 101 H. Martin 10 0 4
tDlsaualined for foul. A. McKnlght placed
second, Nat Koa third.
Time, 1 :07. Won driving. Second and third
driving.
,-sor 101, Willy Howard 101, King Rica
106, Fid Fink 101. Defender II 104 and Frank
Ireland 104 also ran.
Bausallto odds— 2 to 1, 2 to l and 10 to 1.
Track odds— 3 to 1, 16 to 1 and 12 to 1.
•Kavurius.
Second race, purse, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | %. 4- %. Str. Fin.
David, 107. .. J. McDonald 0 2 2 1112
Klidnd. I'M Beauchamp 2 h 3 S 2 T2
•1? Memphis, 101... Woods] lh lh lh 8 3
Shlnfar.e, 54....P. Jordan 0 0 0 0 4
Lillle Mark. 61.. J. Young 3 *0 0 0 0
Stamina. 84 J. Reiff 0 *0 0 0 0
for foul. Belle of Memphis
placed second. Rhlnfane third.
JFell at half-mile ground.
Major Bell H and Itedskin 110 also ran.
BauaaUto odds— 3 to 2. S to 1 and 6 to 6.
Track odds— B to 5, 10 to 1 and 6 to 5.
•Favorite.
Third race, handicap, one mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. l %. Vi. <*. Str. Fin.
•Can't Dance, 96.. W00ds 0 0 2 2 11
•Plantain, 98.. ..MoNickle 1 2 12 112
Buckvldere, lOf. MclKmaldj 2 1h 3 3 8
Innuendo, 90 Shopard 8 0 0 0 0
Pinochle, 96 J. Reirt 0 3 0 0 0
Fonclifl, 100 Blossl 0 0 0 0 0
Time. 1:49. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— 2 to 1. 2 to 1 and 2H to 1.
Track odds— ll to 5, 11 to 5 and 3to 1
•Favorites.
Fourth race, selling, mile and an enlgth.
Name and Wt Jockeys. %. %. %. Str. Fin.
•Prince Blazes, 111.. Sloan 0 0 0 0 1
It Marks, 102. . J. Wooda 1 0 0 11 £
•Hotsi, 111 H. Martin 0 3 3 8 3
Preßtar, 107.. .. McDonald 2 11 11 2 0
Penco Roro, 102 Bloss 3 0 0 0 0
Time, 2:05. Won cleverly. Second and third
Trtbor 104, Mr. Easton 102, Valid 102 and
Cutt.T 109 also ran.
Saupallto odds- 3 to 1. 6 to 1 and 3 to L
Track oJds— 4 to 1, 6 to 1 and 3 to L
•Favorites.
Fifth race, purse, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. JockeysJ %. 9». Str. Fin.
Glenmoyne. 114 C. Sloan] 0 0 0 11
Marcato, 114.... J. McDonald 0 0 0 2
•O'Connell, 125 R. Perry| 11 2 4 2 4 t
Hermoso. 11l J. Hillj 2 11110
Brißhtle S. 106 Cor.leyl 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:20. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
Dulao 111, Gnome 108 and Dr. Newman 114
also ran. St. Simonian 111 and Greyhurst left
at post.
Fausalito odds— 4 to 1, 8 to 1 and 6 to 8.
Track odds— 4 to 1. 10 to 1 and 7 to 5.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, two-year-olda, five fur
longs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H- %■ Str. Fin.
Mr Johnson, 106 J. Hill 0 0 0 11
Canace, 103 McNickle 2 2 8 8 2
Genua, 101 J. Woods 0 0 0 8
Pearl Barnes, 106 Stevens 11112 0
•Sllverstone, 108 H. Martin S 3 lh 0
Time, 1:06. Won handily. Second and third,
driving.
Martha Fox 101, Vie Lamont 103, Our Nellie
103. Ostra 105 and L. Pi Hot 106 also ran.
Baupalito odds— 4 to 1. 4 to 1 and E to L
Track odds— 4 to 1, 6 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
APPLE JACK, AUREOLE, ANNIE M
Two Win at Long Odds, One at Neat
Odds, Over Newport Track.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 16.— This was a lucky
day for horses whose names begin with "A."
no less than three of them winning, and at
odds of 3 to 1, 15 to 1 and 10 to L Thompson
rode the two longest priced winners. Knight
also piloted two victorious flyers during the
afternoon, Van I>usen one, Brltton one. Ap
ple Jock, well known to Callfornians, won
the first event In good time and Annie M ran
six furlongs In 1:13%. The fields were Urge In
ever}' race. Miss C was a "good thing" and
her party made a "killing."
First race, selling, six furlong* i
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I H- %■ Str. Fin,
•Apple Jack, 106..Van Dusen 8 8 8 lh
Esther R. 99 g* 1 *? 11 8 i i 3
The Doctor. 99 W. Hughes 0 0 0 8
Vlrg-le Cook, 103 Gleason 1 h 18 18 0
Time, I:l*V4- Won driving. Second and third
Elga 99 Sweet Cream 99, Vermuda 99, Miss
Arnold 99 Forbearance 99, Ben Frost 103, Ed
Overlook 106. Jessie S 105, Tha Navy Ifl6» Peygy
108 and Cochlna 10S also ran.
Bausallto odds— 2^ to 1, Jto 1 and 10 t» I
Track odda— S to 1, 8 to 1 and 10 to i.
•Favorite.
Becond race, maldena, fly furlonga:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. H. %. Str. Fin.
Aureole, 105 Thompson 0 0 0 13
Luke Fonso. 110.. Van Dusen 0 0 0 2
•Pustance, 102 Mathews 1 il 11 I
Mlr.nla B, 102 Wilson 8 i t 0
Kl"«ln« Cup. 102 Roberts 8 g 8 3
Time, l:03%. Won easily. Second and third
Carlene 102, Mary Curry 103. HI Lassie 102,
Molly Sellers 102, Cascarflla 102 and Hermion
110 also ran.
Sauealito odds— ls to 1, 10 to 1 and 4to 5.
Track odds— 2o to 1, 15 to 1 and 7to 10.
•Favorite.
Third raoe, ■elUng. mil* and a alxtatnthi
Name and Wt. Jockey | %: %. Str. Fin.
T^UtBTIoT! Brltton [i Vi lh lh ins
BaHl, 105 W. Dean Jllj \lft 1
•Evaline. 10T......Naryae2 8 6 0 6 8
Don Clarenclo, 106.. Smith 0,8 3 3 0
Otto H, 104.. ••Hibbetta i 0 5 <0 0
Time, 1:48H- Won driving. Second and third
driving. 101. Weenatchl* 101, Trimuda IC3, Go-
Mellie 101. Weenatchi* 101, Trlmuda 101, Co
mas 106 and Qndagua 106 also ran. .
Bawallto odds-4 to I sto l and: B4 to V
Track odds— l to 1. 5 to 1 and 2 tot.
•JTavorlt*. ■' ",■■'■ ; i ; --' i 4 ; : '>.- : -;i
Fourth rac«, aeUmg, «lx furlongs: . :
Name and Weight. Jookeys.j fr. *j. fttr. Fin.
Annie M, 107 Thompson 0 0 0 1
Teuoer, 108 C. Graham 0 0 0 2h
Annie Oldneld, 101 Frost 1 1 In 3
John Boone. 107...... Hall 2 2 3 0
•Eleanor Holmes, 101 — DeanJ 8 3 | 0
-•Time,* 1:18%. Won <rt»vert*. Beoond and third
Ariving.
Ovmon lit, EJ«le Bun» 104, MaFUtaad XI
110, Tommy Rutter 106, Maronl 106, Hammon
106 and Loneta 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— l 2to 1, sto 1 and 12 to 1.
Track odds— lo to 1. sto 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, six furlong*:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! V 4. %. Str. Fin.
•Volandies, 110 Knight lh 14 1 11
Blenheim, 104 Gleason 0 3 2 2 3
Carl C, 104 Brttton 2 3 3 8
Pat Garrett, 103 Southard 3 0 0 0
Time, 1:14%. Won handily. Second handily.
Third driving.
Policy 99, Hub Prather 101, Albert Baldwtn
Sr. 99, Al Serat 104, B. G. Fox 104 and Spree
106 als" ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 5, 40 to 1 and 8 to 5.
Track odds— 3 to 2, B0 to 1 and 3 to 2.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, six furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. %. %. Rtr. Fin.
•Miss C, 101 Knight 2 0 lh 1
Duncan Bell, 105 Britton 0 0 0 2
•Lu.'ra 109 Gllmore 0 0 0 3
Aunt Maggie, 99 Frost 3 V,i 2 0
Dr. Blakely, 101.. W. Narvaez 1h 2 0 0
•Allie Belle, 101 N. Hill 0 8 3 0
Time, 1:15. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Violin 99, Oriental M 99. Frisco Ben 102. Ideal
Beau 106. Harry Floyl 107, Mordecai 10S and
Elotow 112 also ran. Violet Parsons left at the,
post.
Sausallto odds— 4 to 1. 8 to 1 and 4 to L
Track odde— 4 to 1, 8 to 1 and 4 to L
•Favorites.
BALTIMORE TAKES FOUR
STRAIGHT FROM THE REDS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. 1... Pel Clubs— W. L. Po.
Boston ....S4 43 .601 (Philadelphia 62 60 .508
Baltimore ....79 46 .6X2 : rittsburK ....65 64 .504
Cincinnati ...79 51 .6ofc;L(>ulsvllle ....56 72 .433
Cleveland ....74 r.2 .587 -Brooklyn ....46 72 .390
Chicago 71 69 .M-i Washington .42 86 .328
New Y0rk.... 67 60 .528 Ft. Louis 34 SM .264
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— Cleveland
won out in the seventh on two singles,
a base on balls and an error. Attend
ance 1000.
Clubs— R. H. E>
Washington 3 10 2
Cleveland ••■ 6 ,A ' 1
Batteries— Weyhlng and Farrpll: Powell and
Crlger. Umpires— Brown and Heidler.
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 16.—Philadel
phia won the first game of the double
header by forffit. MeFarland overslid
the plate in the fifth, but succeeded in
touching the base before Donohue put the
ball on him. Mertes, acting captain,
kicked so long and so vigorously that lTm
pire Gaffney declared the game forfeited.
The Phillies were not in the second game
at any stage. Their fielding was execra
ble. Attendance 2317. First game:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chicago 8 5 0
Philadelphia 10 4
Batt>-rif!«— Griffith and Donohue; Donahue
and McFar'and. Umpires — Gaffney and Smith.
Second game:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Chi WO 10 1« 0
Philadelphia o 11 4
Batteries Thornton and Nichols; Con Murphy
and M. Murphy. Umpires— Smith and Gaffney.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 16.— The Orioles
made it four straight with tho Reds with
a game that was doubtful at times, and
In which both sides played good ball.
Kitson had good control of the ball and
pulled his side out of several tight places.
Attendance 2000. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Baltimore — S 11 1
Cincinnati * 11 8
liatt-'ries— KltP.m and Robinson; Dammann
and Wood. Umpires— Emslie and Andrews.
BOSTON. Sept. 16.— The Champions to
day batted Taylor all over the field. The
Browns also battled Lewis hard, but It
was confined to the first two innings, and
only two runs resulted. Attendance 1000.
Score:
Clubs— R- H- E.
Brieton ~ — 10 15 0
St. Louis 2 8 1
Batteries— Lewie and Berg-en ; Taylor and
demerits Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— With three men
on bases In the second inning of to-day's
game, Gilbert, formerly of the Washing
tons, misjudged O'Brien's fly and it was
good for three bases and three runs. At
tendance 400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 0 6 1
Pittsburß 6 10 2
Batteries— r>oheny and Warner; Gardner and
Schriver. Umpires — Swartwood and Warner.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— After Brooklyn
had gained what appeared to be a safe
lead T>y good hitting, the Colonels tied
the score by Brooklyn bunching five er
rors. The playing was good thereafter,
the teams remaining tied when the game
was called at the end of the eleventh in
ning. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn ~ ~. TUB
Louisville 7 12 1
Batteries— Teaser and Ryan; Dowling and
Klttredge Umpires— Hunt and Connolly.
YALE'S FOOTBALL TEAM
IS BADLY WEAKENED
Cadwallader, Its Famous Center
Rush, Enters the University
of California.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— A New Haven
(Conn.) special to the Herald says: News
was received In this city to-day that O.
L. Cadwallader, the big freshman who
played center rush In the Yale University
football team last year, will not return
to Yale this year. Cadwallader has en
tered the University of California at
Berkeley, Cal. His loss to the Yale
eleven will be Irreparable. He was not
only a clever center rush, but his gTeat
stature and strength made him almost
impregnable in line.
The reason for Cadwallader's not re
turning to Yale is that he failed to main
tain an average of over 2.25 in his studies
and the faculty refused to allow him
to return to college If he played football.
Rather than give up football he decided
to go to another college where faculty
rules are not so severe. Football men at
Yale are greatly disturbed by the loss
of Cadwallader and at present do not ex
pect to be able to replace him.
DARK DEEDS IN KOREA'S
ROYAL HOUSEHOLD
A High Official Confesses That He
Plotted to Poison the King and
Crown Prince.
SEOUL,, Korea, Sept. 18.— It is reported
here that a high official of the palace,
named Ko, has made a confession that
he ordered the cook of the royal house
hold to poison the food intended for the
King and Crown Prince, both of whom
became seriously 111 on Sunday last.
The official further confessed that the
poisoning plot was instigated by a for
mer interpreter attached to the Russian
legation here, who was once a court fa
vorite, but ia now in disgrace.
Olympic Football Games.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 16.—
The difficulty over the per cent that the
Olympic Club should receive from the
gate receipts of the games played be
tween the university eleven and the
club team have practically been adjust
ed. The schedule of games will probably
b4 decided to-morrow. It will in all like
lihood be as follows :
October 1, Olympics vs. U. C; October
8. Olympics vb. Stanford; October 15,
Olympics vs. U. C; October 22, Olympics
vs. Stanford: October 29, Stanford '02 vs.
U. C, '02; November 5, Olympics vs. U.
C. ; November 12, Olympics vs. Stanford;
November 24, Stanford vs. U. C.
Anaconda in Straight Heats.
PORTLAND. Me., Sept. 18.— The gTand circuit
meeting at Rusty Park closed to-day with a
email attendance and but two races. Result*:
2:08 class pacing, POT $2000— Anaconda won
In straight heats. Time, I:MH— 2:06>4— J:08,
Indiana, Reflna, Qnadridge, Passing Belle and
Betonlca also started.
J:32 class, trotting, purse flßOO— Oenevleve
won In straight heats. Time, 3:27H— 2:23%—
2:16U- King Malcolm and Keral Nelson also
started.
Ends Life With Strychnine.
CHICO, Sept. 16.— Thomas Shay, ayed
66, committed suicide In a room at the
Johnson House ihls afternoon by taking
strychnine. Shay arrived last evening
from Bed Bluff. He Is said to nave had
relatives In MarysvUle.
Jury Recommends Mercy.
NAP A, Sept. 18.— F. E. Granger, charged
WKh having looted a butcher-shop in
CaJlstoga on September 1. was to-day
found guilty of burglary tn th© second de
gree. He was recommended to the marajr
of the court.
STOCKHOLDERS AND
CENTRAL PACIFIC
Plans Formed to Oppose
Huntingdon.
BAKER AND MORSHEAD ACT
HAVE A CONFERENCE WITH
THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL.
English and American Security Hold
ers Now Talk of Taking th«
Road Into Their Own
Hands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Sept. 16.
Hon. Charles W. Baker of Rochester,
N. V., and Walter Morshead of London
had an interview to-day with Attorney-
General Griggs in regard to the dispo
sition of the Central Pacific Railroad.
Baker represents American stockhold
ers and Morshead English and Ameri-
can stockholders. They had previously
conferred with Secretaries Gage and
Bliss and outlined the efforts which the
stockholders propose to make to ob
tain possession of the road.
Morshead has been in this country
for about a month arranging with
American stockholders to co-operate
with foreign investors in preparing a
plan of reorganization to be presented
to the committee for approval. The
English stockholders are very much in
earnest about the matter and propose
to force conclusions if possible. They
consider that the stockholders are the
real owners of the road and believe that
they can raise money to pay off the
Government mortgage and arrears of
interest if they are permitted to take
charge of the reorganization. They still
have confidence in the road and believe
it to be a good investment. They do
not, however, wish to see it burdened
with further charges, and think that if
the road is to be saved to the stock
holders it is time that aggressive ac
tion be taken. The contest promises to
| be one of millions against millions, for
the foreign stockholders profess to be
able to raise $100,000,000, if necessary,
and they are ready to fight C. P. Hun
tington, wiio is equally well supplied
with money.
Morshead explained to members of
the commission that the English stock
holders were prepared to oppose any
effort of Huntington and the Speyers
to reorganize the road, and that most
eminent counsel in London had assured
them that they could easily defeat the
Speyers in the English courts. The plan
has been proposed through the Speyers,
who are the London agents for Hun
tington, backed by the Banbury com
mittee, his London committee, to plas
ter the road with a blanket mortgage,
covering everything belonging to the
road. The money obtained from this
mortgage is to be used in paying off
the debt of the road to the United
States and straightening out the
tangled affairs of the road.
Morshead says the English stockhold
ers can prevent such action being
taken in England, and the American
stockholders can do the same in this
country. He has, he says, several
times charged fraud, and believes when
the facts are submitted to the English
courts the latter will forbid the issuing
of bonds secured by a blanket mort
gage. One of the frauds alleged to
have been perpetrated on the English
public, according to Morshead, was in
connection with the leasing of the
Southern Pacific to the Central Pacific
and then the leasing of the Central Pa
cific to the Southern Pacific.
Morshead will take a trip to Califor
nia to consult with Southern Pacific
stockholders.
PIERSON BEHTPORCED.
Friends Hasten to the Bolinas Mining
Man's Assistance.
BOLINAS, Sept. 16.— The excitement
over the collision between young Don
Pierson and hia opponents is still at
fever heat, and is augmented by the fact
that additions to the Pieraon forces are
constantly arriving here. Several friends
of the mining man have come from San
Rafael and other points. To-day Her
bert Murray, a Stanford graduate and
warm friend of Pierson, arrived in re
sponse to an urgent call from his friend.
"Don said he was afraid Madsen and
Longley would secure their release on
bail, asserted Murray, "and in that case
there would in all probability be more
trouble. He thought. In view of the set
tled sentiment against him. he would
need all the friends possible."
Since Murray's arrival. Plerson'B predic
tion proved true, so far as the release
of the men is concerned. They were
taken before Justice Pepper by Sheriff
Harrison and released in the sum of $1500
bail each. All those interested in the af
fair are "armed to the teeth," and If
there is another meeting of the opposing
forces it is feared loss of life will result.
Young Pierson is disliked here on ac
count of the claim that he is "too much
of a dude." The sentiment against him
is really because of the unpopularity of
his father, J. W. Pierson Sr. In the
present trouble the respectable element
of the community aides with the mining
man, aa it is clear that the others were
the aggressors.
Improvements in Flying Machines.
Inventors are plenty who can make a machine
that will rise and float In air, but the one im
provement whloh none has succeeded In mak
ing is an apparatus that will guide the ma
chine through the many treacherous currents
of air. In this respect humanity Is fortunate In
having Ho6tetter"s Stomach Bitters, which act*
as a safe guide by curing treacherous stomach,
liver and blood diseases, giving a good appe
tite, a strong constitution and nerves like steel.
83 83 83 83 88 88 83 88 88 88 88 83 388 88 88 !88
88 ■■? 88
a MIRRORS— SoIid »
a brass burnished *.
85 gold plate, frame 88
88 Mirrors. New and , s 8
2.' beautiful designs, 2
88 $1.25 to $10.00. 1-
; 820 MARKET ST. v 2
:®j . . Mall Orders Shipped Promptly, T°
83 83 88 88 S3 88 83 88 88 83 88 88 88 88 88 S3 88 83
Use f 9^: .and'"
Facial Soap !£/? facial Cream.
Age, Illness, > Care cause Wrinkle*. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURT, 117 West 42d
St.. N. T., 163 State st., Chicago, has had over
28 year** ■ practioal experience removing Wrin-
kles. Crow* Feet, etc No pain. ™
.^AgjjAWßtidUk. "NO QUACKS."
*&S&iASWv!'WU&Bc ' •*• ff oo * Electric ■ Belt
■m l^ lyi iPi Ti ffTi*lfc will cure WITHOUT
W^jjjFwfit^VtfT'OTj MEDICINE. Buy no
thlepaper. (
ADVERTISEMENTS. : : ;
"ABSOLUTE SECUmTYT
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good.
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE rARTFRQ FOR HEADACHE - SEE
tARI LKo for dizziness.
rewmve 'P^'n'LE FOR BIUOUSMESS. ftCMiTivp
GENUINE WjV/FR FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
I pf LLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR H _@i " FOR SALLOW skih. WRAPPFR
nKArrfiK jimi l thecomplexioh nKArrLK
t _ . , CENTUM: MUS.THAVE SiCMATURC.
25 Cents I Purely Vegetal>le.x^>^^S^<S
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, j I > F J ITTJlffim L Id d ■ Y«^
KEAHNY A\Li WASHING i u.\ STS.— RE- IBfl 1 iL ifffWa 4 B j'jH
CO. European plan. Itooms KING, WARD & ; . r'j v jb | n epa MMM ■1] f.% 9U41 »■ |
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day, 9 l_n I fif" UFi I'll 9BE j H
$5 to $S week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot ' II K-f*V>sr if Jjßj] *WlM] itWtjpfefl U 1
and cold water every room: fire grates In every . «Lzl&&.;^ jijygj^ tJSta /-i j. ifc )| 4 ''■f--f<nnffi —
room; elevator runs all night. • ";•',=-■■ : . _l____i_ ■ • • - '
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth d»y of January, A. D. 1i97,
two-thirda of all the members elected to each
Of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONB.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it ts proposed to am^nd said section to
read as follows:
Fection 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such.
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such indebtedness as It falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
same; provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city ar.d county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
For any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
Visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, In Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred in the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
Shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment t the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
Seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed n6W
section to read as follows:
Section V&. The inhabitants of any county
m*y frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
Within ninety days after su<-h election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county, at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in suoh
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county.
Betting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one In the offlce of the Secretary of
Ptate the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at Intervals of not Ipsi> than two
fears by proposals therefor, submitted by the
egislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
fn a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
tha qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
far the approval of the county government act.
Jn submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
° It ? shall b* competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of office*, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times In which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution,
reirulatlon compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted- and may In addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations may partici-
pate In any primary election.
Whenever any ccunty has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
Of a system of county governments throughout
the State, and likewlse^provldingr for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
Paid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and de-
clared by such county government act, not be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
submitted to the elector? and ratified In the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
44.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as J"llows:
Section SH. Th« Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior r"ourt.
■who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
Jn the City and County of San Francisco
commencing on the second Monday In July.
Xv Urn Cttr at Bacraarata, comme aging a»
& •« co . < l Monday of November of each yea*.
The Judges holding such term of court shafl
shin US extra compensation therefor, but
* '' re c elve the aCtual expenses, to be pall
out of the general fund of the State treasury
to^>££,r latur V ha " enact all laws necessarr.
ceaurl th B ucn court, to provide the proV
of this section. and t0 C * rry Ut th * »">«&'*
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR,
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
St At/*«?A t /*«? S1!m? *". P ro P° Be ' to the people of th*
BtHiitlon on J, la an. amendment ie the Con.
s''™,™ of th * State ' amending article ele en,
by adding. a "t w " ectlon thereto, to be know*
f^n v\ on " umber "ye and one-half, relating to
Saw n,« 8t * d CUy and county governments. Th*
fopOBe , <l n « w section to read as follows: "
.if* «l Shu, The Provisions of sectl four
wl=f^ Of thls artlcle "hall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
ZS <1 ated city and county government
now existing or h^ after formed, which shall
c^-m becorae ' or all become, organized under
erg C ht of 8e th!, arUcTe CUre * ***** '* Ctl0 "
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. , No. 36.)
9tntJ £ °i", t0 Pro? 0 8* to the people of th*
flft«n California an amendment of section
fit teen and section sixteen of article five of th*
S^t'tution of the State of California, by
wnicn it * n proposed to amend said sections to
read as 'follows:
»iSff Ct * 1 ?!. A tenant Governor shall ba
elected at the same time and place and in th*
offl£ ma i"l . as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
*>,»£„ 16> In _ case of the impeachment ot
fnfh?r vei ? or -, or his removal from office, death.
inability to discharge the powers and duties ol
his office, resignation or absence from th*
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th*
residue of the term, or until the disability sha4
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor ba
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office.
or be absent from the State, the president pr»
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
t'l the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In th*
flee of Governor for any of the reasons abov*
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of tb-> Benata
snail succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of. the As-
sembly until the office of Governor shall ba
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX -
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
State of California an amendment to section
B L x % artlcle nlne of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
,i,^ tlo 2 '• The 5 UbUc Behool system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
«nH V C h°. ! evening schools normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
£ n State 80h ,?°I fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schoos shall Include schools organized in a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one- thousand inhabitants In
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural.
mining or scientific department of the Unlve£
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 14.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th*
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
is proposed to amend said section to read a*
follows: • .
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation.
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete it*
session. No pay shall be allowed to member*
for a longer period than seventy-five days and
no bill Ehall be Introduced In either house ex.
1 cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of th*
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th*
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of th*
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7, A.' D. ISS3
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th*
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 8. A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following;
words, whereupon the voter may. express hla
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
■ City end County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Tea
of Vallejo for the construction of its _
water works from the provisions of •Na
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? - I;
Amendment Number Two, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. ■ 10 Tea
(providing for framing local county- — —
government acts by Inhabitants of - Ha
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- '
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing . for the creation of a - .
. Court of Claims to determine claims Tea
against the State, and to consist of — — _
three Superior Judges designated by Na
. the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? \j
Amendment Number Four, being ' As- '
sembly ■ Constitutional Amendment i
No. .37 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-
ganized, or holding - a charter un- v a
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties). •
: For the Amendment? : [j
Amendment Number Five, being As- "
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Tea
providing for succession , thereto in _ .
certain cases and removing disability Na
of Lieutenant Governor from holding -
other office during term). .
For the Amendment? ■
Amendment Number Six. being Assem- f '.'
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 88 Tea
(relating to and defining- Grammar • -Z
Schools). %...- ± .. . - w _>
i For the Amendment? . . w
Amendment Number * Seven, being ' As- '
sembly Constitutional ■-.' Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature for not less than .thirty- •'-' Z
; nor more than sixty days during each Na
session). • .•
For the Amendment? :
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th*
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written. ' ' ■ ■■• ■ -'■ : ■ ----^
.'; v' JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. H. BROWN, Secretary of SUta>
; tfiKATiiiJ ■■,,.,-■■ -.. .■■,-;;..:-,,- ■
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
(Silver advanced a fraction.
Wheat futures weaker.
Other Cereals about the same.
Hay rather steadier.
No further change In Beans.
Potatoes steady. ■
Eggs . continue to rise.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry quiet and weak. «\v....
Peaches rather weaker. Plums and ■ Pears
firm.
Grapes still drag.
Dried Fruits in steady demand and firm.
Large Prunes wanted, but scarce.
Provisions unchanged.
Wool, Hops and Hides dull.
Meat market well supplied and quiet.
Coal steady. f .
Rice about the same.
Larger movement in Quicksilver.
QUICKSILVER TRADE.
The receipts of Quicksilver at this port during
the first eight months of the year were 15,930
flasks, against 10,760 during the same time In
1897. The exportß by eea during this period
were 4257 flasks, valued at $1&4,956, against
136S flasks at $120,619 in 1897.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 16, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64, Fresno 100, Los Angeles 96, Red
Bluff 98, San Luis Oblspo 82, San Diego 78,
Sacramento 92, Independence 92, Yuma 108.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
64, minimum 50, mean 67.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of high pressure is central over
Idaho and Wyoming. A second area of high
pressure is central off the northwest coast of
Washington. The pressure Is lowest in South
eastern Arizona and Southern California, The
barometer has fallen rapidly at Yuma during
the day.
The temperature has risen decidedly along
the central coast of California and slightly over
the entire Pacific Slope. It Is from 6 to 19 de
grees above the normal In the Interior.
The weather Is foggy along the northern Cali
fornia ooa^t. partly cloudy al >ng the southern
coact and cloudy over Puget Sound. In other
dletrlcts It is clear.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight September 17, 1S98:
Northern California-Fair Saturday, except
partly clou.ly along the coast in the morning;
brisk west wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Saturday,
becoming somewhat threatening in the moun
tains In the south portion: fresh west wind.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair, warmer Saturday.
Arizona— Partly cloudy Saturday, somewhat
threatening in the mountain regions of the
south portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
In the morning, fair during the day Saturday;
brisk to high southwest v.lnd.
Special from Mount Tamalpais — Clear; wind
■west 4 miles; temperature 80. maximum tem
perature 85. G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Olticlal.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— There was a re
crudescence of fears of a squeeze In the money
market to-day. This had the effect of bring
ing the mr.rning advance In prices of stocks
to a standstill. Th<> dullness that followed in
vited operations by the bears. They centered
their attacks on sugar, which was but feebly
iupported at any time during the day, though
there were one or two sharp rallies on cover-
Ing of shorts. They effected a decline of over
( points In this stork and worked a reaction
In the whole list, earlier advances being entirely
wiped out, with a few exceptions. The de
cline did not bring any very heavy offerings
».nd was cffotte.i on light transactions for most
stocks. There was profit taking by room
traders, but no resumption of the urgent li
quidation which was characteristic of the mar
ket rarller In the week. Active support waa
withdrawn, however, ami manipulation to ad
vance prices was abandoned for the time be
ing. The earlier part of the day saw a very
active market and some sharp advances, the
Pacifies and the industrials maintaining their
leadership. Tobacco made a new high record
at 157% aa did New York Air Brake at ll>4.
The Grangers \v«>re in good demand, but ttiere
was no apparent effort to advance prices. There
was a slightly higher range for coalers. About
11,300,000 addltl >nal in gold was engaged in
London to-.lay for Import, so that no further
criels Is expected In the money market. I^n
don bought stocks here to-day, but turned seller
after prices had advanced and the engagements
of gold for imports had been anticipated.
The bond market was moderately active and
prices were quit* firmly held. Total sales,
12.550.000. United States 4's, old and new, and
the 6's advance.! '4 in the bid price to-day. De
mand for the 3s was much curtailed. The
price ruled at lOC**, all day.
Total salpfc 1 f stocks to-day, 4P7.100 shares.
Including: Atchlson preferred. 7350; Baltimore
and Ohio. 10,855; Burlington, 14. 3*7; Manhattan,
4430; Missouri Pacific. 4M4; Northern Pacific,
TM6O; do preferred. 11,690; Rook Island. 9664;
Union Pacific, 3!.13. r >; do preferred. 33,708; St.
Paul. 21,575, International Paper, 3.102; Tobacco,
36,60-:.; Chicago (ireat Western, 4tk",o; People's
Gas, 8779; General Electric, 4900; Sugar, 9'j,B2S;
Leather preferred, 4480; Rubber. 10,363.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlscn 13% Do prefd 169 i
Do prefd 35>; St P " A M.... 168%
Baltimore & Ohio 43% jno Pacific 22
Canada Pacific .. S6 Bo Railway 9Vi
Canada Southern. C 3% Do prefd 34% !
Central Pacific .. 23% Texas & Pacific 14% !
Ches & Ohio M Tnion Pac prefd.. 6? !
Chi & Alton 156 V PD & G 6%
Chi B & Q 115% Wabash 8
Chi A B 111 64% Do prefd 21%
CC C & St L.... 42 Wheel A L E 2%
Do prefd .., 87 Do prefd 15
Del & Hudson... 107% Express Companies-
Del L & W 149 Adams Ex 113
Den & R G 14 American Ex 130
Do prefd 1.6V4 United States .... 41
Erie (new) 13% Wells Farßo 120
Do Ist prefd 36 Miscellaneous-
Fort Wayne 172 A Cot OH 86
Gt Nor prefd 137% Do i --»fd .84%
Hocking Valley .. 5% Amn Spirits 12%
Illinois Central .. 113 Do prefd 36%
Lake Erie & W.. 17% Am Tobacco 150'
Do prefd 74% Do prefd 123
Lake Shore 102% People's Gas 105
Louis & Nash 67% Cons Gas 181%
Manhattan L 96 Com Cable Co 170 -
Met St Ry 155 Col F & Iron 21%
Mich Central ... 105 Do prefd 80
Minn & St — 27 Gen Electric 46%
. Do Ist Drefd.... 89 i Illinois Steel 69%
Mo Pacific 34 Laclede Gas 49%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27% Lead 34
Mo X A T 11% Do Drefd 110
Do prefd 33% Nat Lin Oil 2%
Chi Ind & L Hi Haw Com C 0,.... 28%
Do prefd 30 Pacific Mall 33
X J Central 89% Pullman Palace... 157%
X V Central 116% Silver Certificates 60%
X V Chi A St L. 13 Stand R & T..... 7%
Do let prefd — 65 Sugar 123
Do 2d prefd 32 Do prefd 112%
Nor Wept 14% T C & Iron 29%
No Amer Co.. 6% U S Leather .... 7%
No Pacific , 11*1 Do prefd 69%
TV) prefd 78% v R Rubber :.... 45%
Ontario & W 13% | Do prefd 104s;
Or R & Nay 57 Wept Union 93%
Or Short Line.... 33% C & N W 131
JMttFburs ......... 169 Do prefd ........ 175
Heading: 18 St L& S W ■ 4%
Do Ist prefd — 43% Do prerd 11%
Rock Island 103% R G W 27
St Louis & S F.. 8 Do prefd 64
Do Ist nrefd.... 65% Chi G W 15%
Do 2d prefd.... 32% Intl Paner C 0.... £>3%
Bt Paul 110% Do -' „ 8>
Do prefd 157 (Minn Iron 94%
Brooklyn R T £8% Pac C ]<■♦ prefd... S3
BtP & Om 81%' Do 2d prefd.... 88
CLOSING BONDS.
V 8 new 2s 105 7 » N'JC 5s 113%
V S new 4s reg.. 128% N Carolina 65...:. 125
Do coup 125% Do 4s 103
V S 45..-.......:... 111% No Pao lsts 112%
Do coup 112% I Do 3s 68
Do 2ds 98 Do 4s 101%
V 8 5s re»r 113% NY C & St L 4s. 107
Do 6s coup ...... 113% Nor & W 65.."....: 128
District 3.65b ..... 117 Northwstrn cons. 14214
Ala class A 10S Do deb is .... 120 "
Do B 105 O Nay lsts... 114%
Do C 100 O Nay 45.... 99%
Do Currency ... 100 OS Line 6s tr.... 126
Atchlson 4s 95% O 8 Line us tr.... 106
Do ad] 4s. 72 Pacific 6s of 95.. 102%
Can 80 Ms 108% Reading 4s ....... 82%
Chi Term 45...... 88 RG W lsts 89%
C & Ohio 116 St L 4 I M C 6s. 98%
C H & D 4%8 104% St L & S F O 6s. 119
D & X G lsts 110 St P Con: 151%
D & R ; G 4s 96% St P C & P lsts... 119
East Term lsts... 105% . D.> Es ........... 117 ;
Erie Gen 45.. 72 So Railway G5.... 97%
FW A D lßts tr. 75 Stand R& T 65.. 77
Gen Elec 6s .. 108% Term new set 35.. 91
G II & S A 65... 105 Tex PL O lsts... 1P6%
Do 2ds 102% Do Kg 2ds : 46%
H & T. C 65....... 110% Union Pacific 45.. 95%
Do con 65....... 108 UP D & G lsts. 76%
lowa C lsts..'..'.. 104 Wab Ist E5........ 111%
La new cons 45... 103 Do 2ds 90
LAN t'nl 45.... 89% W Shore 45....... 109%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries ..... 76%
MX A T2d5...... 66% Do deferred .... 8%
Do 4s SS«4 "Wis Cent lsts.... 56"
X V Central 116 .
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar .... ..."..;. 18 Ontario ..3 50
Crown Point ..... 17 Ophir" .....55
Con Cal A Va.... 75 Plymouth ......... 12
Deadwood ........ 85 Quicksilver ....... 1 25
Gould & Curry... 20 Do nrefd ........ 350
Hale & Norcroßß.- -68 Sierra Nevada.... 70
Homestake ....... 45 00 Standard 155
Iron Silver .....'. CS Union Con ....... 20
Mexican ...'....... . 20 Yellow Jacket;.... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I West End ......... 85%
Call loans 2% / 53% l Do prefd ........ 105
Time loans ....3%<g* ; {(Westlnghouse El. 40%
Stocks— - ' I  Do prefd .; '57 -
A T A S F. . .. ... 13 -i Ed El Tel . .:..... . 184 ;
Amer Suirar ..... 123% Gen Eloc prefd... 99
Do prefd .;...... 111% nonds—
Bay State Gas... 1% Atchlson 4s ...... 93
Bell Telephone... 277 I Gen Electric 6§... 58
■■.->:': •■■•■• ".■■'-■■ ■-■■«.**SRS3«as«iSt
Boston & Albany. 235 Mining: Shares—
Boston & Maine. 162 Allouez Mm Co.. 8
Boston L 69H Boston & Mont.. 225H
CM Bur & Q U5% ltutte & Boston.. 23^i
Fitchburg 104% Calumet & Hecla. 670
Gen Klec new — 7SH Centennial 17%
Illinois Steel 69% Franklin 13Vi
Mexican Central.. 5 Old Dominion 28
NY & New Ens. 98 Osceola 54H
Old Colony 190 Qulncy 116
Or Short Lino.... 33H Tamarack 172H
Rubber 45<t Wolverine 26^
T'nion Pacific .... 33% Parrott 23Mi
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— Bradstreet's Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Prices have
reflected the changing opinion of the specu
lative market as to the prospects of a dis
turbance In money. In the early part of the
week the bad bank statement of last Saturday
and the expectation that the continued draw
ing; of money in th" treasury would result in
a contraction of loans caused more or less
liquidation by bullish speculators and gave an
opportunity for bear operators to attack prices.
The failure of interest rr -■ to advance to flg
| ures indicative of a scarcity of funds tended,
| however, to throw doubts on this view, while
! the decline of exchange, the engagement of j
$1,600,000 gold in London for import, the In- j
crease by the New York banks of their Govern- j
ment deposits and the fact that loans were j
being shifted from New York to other cities i
contributed to create an easier feeling about |
j the money market which on Wednesday and j
I Thursday caused a sharp mlly In prices. On ]
! Friday the rise continued and was helped by j
1 the engagement for lmrtort of about $1,000,000 ;
I more gold. In the latter nart of the day, how- I
ever, the exceptional weakness of American j
Sugar stock brought about a general reaction. I
The attitude of the Secretary of the Treas- |
ury In declining to consider that the New York
money market exhibited symptoms of pres- i
sure indicative of serious derangement of busi
ness or calling for action by the treasury had ,
i no dnubt a share in bringing the stock market j
j to its senses nt a time when speculators were j
i inclined to believe in the po — '.Mllty of a sharp ;
I flurry in Interest rates. This has not occurred,
and the highest quotation for call loans has
b«>en 5 per cent, with the bulk of Wall street i
borrowings on securities at fully 1 per cent !
lower. Besides the fact that an advance of :
rates would bring gold from abroad, probably
In large amounts. It Is -<-cognl7.ed that the <
heavy payments for the new Government bonds j
are nearly finished, and that an extremely un- :
favorable bank statement to-day Is unlikely. !
This has led to a coverelng of the traders'
short sales put out early in the week, and j
has probably induced more or less repurchas
lag interests which sold stocks on fear of tight
money, while It seems also, to have led to re- >
newed support by cliques and large operators I
in th«lr specialties.
London's action in our market has been a j
feature. Speculation there was depressed by '
the renewed political complications In Europe, j
in Crete and in the Soudan. Nevertheless, at
the decline here there was foreign buying, al- ;
though the money markets ahroad were stlffer '
on the fear of a gold outflow of the country. >
Later on Americans became the feature in ;
Iyondon, and the buying of stocks here for !
foreign account was moderately large, partic- i
ular attention being paid to the Pacific stock. '
The coming restoration of passenger rate 9 ,
enused by the Canadian Pacific surrender of i
claims to differentials has apparently produced ■
a greater Impression abr ad than under recent ;
circumstances it has been possible for it to |
do here.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stoi a
markets here opened generally buoyant to-day,
' but gave way later and except for Americans
prices have not recovered since. The main
I reason for the setback Is the fear of a crisis
in France over the Dreyfus Incident, whlls
the situation at Fashoda Is also not liked.
Americans were good. The strength In New
York Induced bull purchases here, but the
chief support was from the continent. Cen
tral Pacific was again bought largely by Ber
lin. It Is believed that financiers there wish
to have a ray in the reconstruction scheme.
Prices advanced sharply after business hours,
but closed a fraction under the best. Kaffirs
were pood early In the day. but closed weaker
in sympathy with the Paris bourse. New York ;
is buying gold very strong'- and has taken a
small amount from the Bank of England to-
Canadian Pacific, 694; Grand Trunk, "%; bar
silver steady, 28 1-lCd per ounce; money, %
per cent.
Spanish 4s closed iZ%.
PARIS, Sept. 16.— Spanish 4s closed U. 67%.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. Sept. 18.— The following table,
compiled by IJradstreet, shows the bank clear
' Ings at 89 cities for the week ended September
■ 15, with the percentage of increase and de
i crease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Inc. Dec.
I New York t 843,332,000 .... 32.0
Boston 10-5.016,722 .... 1.6
Chicago 102.107.694 6.2
Philadelphia 63,491.009 7.7 . .
Pt. Louis 27.895,309 9 1
Plttsburg 17,214 341 9.0
Baltimore 15.891.993 .... 13.8
Pan Francisco 16,391,935 .... 22.4
Cincinnati 11.964,600 3^7
Kansas City 12.205,846 5.9
New Orleans 6.07ri.408 17.9
Minneapolis 8.679,409 . 8 9
Detroit 6.7*5.068 11.6
Cleveland 7.553.820 8.4
i Louisville R. 655.658 .... 12.5
Providence 4.379.700 .... 11.3
Milwaukee 4 651 720 12 6
Pt. Paul 4.025.906 .... 354
Buffalo 4.136.642 .... 8.3
fimaha 6.699.r.43 20.6
Indianapolis 4,771.455 6.1
Columbus, Ohio 4, 061. 800 8.8
Savannah 2.417,477 . . 27 0
Denver 3.733.959 25.2
Hartford 2.179.703 .... 6.0
Richmond 2.404.725 9.9 ....
Mtmphls 1.444.196 18.6
Washington 1.816.175 8.7
Per.ria 1,502.077 .... 12.8
Rochester 1.678.544 4.0
New Haven 1.530,532
Worcester 1.520,782 .... 1.4
Atlanta 1.175.C53 .... 12^6
Palt LaJce City 1,850,342 11 0
Springfield, Mass.. 1.562,673 8.7
Fort Worth 1.194,622 .... 80 6
Portland. Me 1.684.495 .... l 2
Portland, Or 1.504.759 .... 32 1
St. Joseph 2.324.230 63.7
Los Angeles 1.219.920 24.6
Norfolk 792.710
| Syracuse 1.108,626 13.0
IHs Molnes 1. 232,600 63.1
! Nashville 1,022,670 5.1
i Wilmington, Del... 744.891 .... 6 5
Fall River 666,279 .... 43.7
Peranton 784.607 .... 10 0
Grand Rapids P29.62S 6.0
Augusta, Ga 598,082 .... 47.7
Liwell 721.952 2.7
Dayton, Ohio 7.062,901 11.8
Pcattle 1,281.676 62.3
Tacoma 725.431 ....
Spokane 835.704 29.0
Sioux City 856.544 1.5
New Bedford 480.220 .... 4.8
Knoxville, Term... 443.410 15.0
Topeka 439,318 11.4
Birmingham 34c 818 .... 17.3
Wichita 289,813 6.9
Binghamton 327,600 .... 6.5
Lincoln 886,827 3.4
Lexington, Ky 468.945 30.7
Jacksonville, Fla... 248.213 23.3
Kalamazoo 256.197 1.0 ....
Akron 336.500 82.8 ....
Bay City 196,795 .... 14.0
Chattanooga 333.901 22.4
Rockford, 111 182.151 .... 1.1
Canton, Ohio 208.800 4.5
Springfield, 0hi0... &>4 407 34.4
Fargo, N. D 32«,837 210.4
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 114.b»(i 100.0
Hastings. Nebr.... .96.747 .... 6.3
Fremont. Nebr 62.973 .... 43.6
Davenport 685,507 13.2
Toledo 1.585.345 .... 14.4
Galveston 8.428.800 85. 5
Houston 8,127,163 .... 5.9
Youngstown 300.391 18.0 ....
Evansvllle G70.496
Macon 433,000
Helena 538,595
Little Rock 198,030
Totals. U. 5....»1.330,G05,098 .... 4.0
Totals outside
New York $ 487.276.298 .... 6.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal I 11.823,744 .... 16.6
Toronto 7.942.952 .... 6.5
Winnipeg 1,410,694 .... 2.7
Halifax 1.200.042
Hamilton 504.561 8.3
St. John. N. B 640.944 6.8
Totals t 23,812.887 .... 11.2
BRADSTREET'S REVTEW.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Bradstreef s to-mor
row will say: Reports of still further enlarged
distribution at most Western markets and
slight Improvement at Eastern centers where
demand has been slower to materialize; en
larged foreign demand for breadstuffs. Increas
ed railway earnings, not entirely due to the
swelling movement of grain to market, which
Indeed Is still behind last year's records; in
creased bank clearings over last week and over
all corresponding weeks except one year ago
when speculation was very active, and rather
better than expected Government crop reports
and enlarging exports of American manufac
turers, are all features tending to make the
trade situation at present a notable one. Crop
Impairment In August, not unusual, nor un
expected, pmvw to have been less than feared,
and average conditions of leading crops, not
ably wheat, corn, cotton and potatoes, are better
than one year ago. Operative In inducing the
improved foreign demand for our wheat and
flour perhaps has been a tendency to shade
early estimates of the world's wheat crop this
year, some figures being as low as 2,500,000,000
bushels, which while larger than last year, Is
still below that of 1897. This, with the low
state of the world's wheat supplies and the
slower than expected movement from Ameri
can farmers' hands to leading markets, has In
creased the premium of cash wheat with the j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
result of advancing prices. The continued rise
in ocean freights Is taken to confirm reports
of recent large export sales. The quieter ap-
I>earance of the iron trade Is confined strictly
to new business, because mills are Btill fully
provided with orders, and in spite of a slight
Increase in production, stocks of pig iron are
smaller, pointing to a heavy consumptive de
mand. The export demand for Southern iron
noted one week ago still continues. The whole
sale demand for lumber continues in spite of
some complaint from retailers. Export trade
as a whole continues very satisfactory, the
August total being swelled by larger shipments
of cotton, provisions and manufactured goods,
which are larger than for August a year ago by
47 per cent, notwithstanding a heavy Increase
in shipments of breadstuffs. Import trade as
yet shows no particular expansion, and for the
eight months our exports are 82 per cent In
excess of Imports. Unfavorable trade features
are few and presented chiefly in the textile
manufacturing trades, but here It Is expected
that the undeniably large distribution of dry
goods this fall will Boon be reduced in im
proved demand.
Wheat shipments for the week reflect an en
larged foreign demand for American wheat and
flour, aggregating 3,675,291 bushels as against
3,100,208 bushels last week. 6.259.94S bushels In
the corresponding week one year ago; 3.566,326
bushels In 1*96. 2.530,800 bushels in IBS'., and
3,f>37.283 bushels In 1894. Since July 1, this year,
exports of wheat aggregate 36,160,091 bushels as
against 44,601,700 bushels last year.
Corn exports for the week are considerably
smaller than last week's heavy total, aggregat
ing 2.3,11 006 bushels against 3.565.569 bushels
last week 3.901,092 bushels In this week of 1597.
2,394,7*7 bushels in 1896. 1,605,998 bushels In 1895,
and 145,301 in 1894. Since July 1, this year, ex
ports of corn aggregate 30.735.875 bushels,
against 34.377.849 bushels during the correspond
ing period last year.
Business failures for the week number 173,
against 142 last week. 169 - this week a year
ago, 315 in 1596 and 218 In 1895.
Canadian failures for ie week number 20, j
against 17 last week, 36 In this week a year
ago. 41 in 1896 and 1895. and 43 in 1894.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— R. G. Dun & Co.'c
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
Business U passing well through the difficulties
that attend the winding up of a war, which
are generally greater than those Involved while
war Is in progress. The rush of orders kept
back while war lasted by those who thought it
shrewd not to take any chances has strength- I
ened prices a little and caused a larger demand j
for the time than can continue, but though It
has passed there is evidence that the consum
ing demnnd Is very large. How large can only
be judged after some weeks of waiting. But
once more It looks as If those who wait long
est are likely to pay most. The business of the I
country Is expanding, so that payments through ,
clearing-houses in the second week In Septem- ;
ber were 22.5 per cent larger than In 1592 and I
for two weeks 12 per cent larger. From these, |
and railway returns, nnd such trade reports as j
are Instructive, It mvist be concluded that much
more merchandising Is being done than In the
best of past years, though not always with
much profit. Wheat has gone forward much
more freely and the price has advanced 2c. It
is supposed that the advance is largely due to
milling demand coming upon a narrow supply.
Exports are large, 3,007,»74 bushels, flour in- j
eluded, from Atlantic and 201,051 bushels from .
Pacific p> rts, and for two weeks 6,697,320 bushels
from both coasts, against 1. 896.853 bushels last I
year. Receipts of wheat for two weeks of Sep- I
tember have been 14,663,995 bushels, against
14.697,106 bushels last year.
The foreign demand will be smaller and the
American crops larger than last year. The
Blight yield In corn was due rather to the Gov
ernment report, which is not entirely discred
ited, than to any change In movement, which
has been small compared with last year. The "
exports for two weeks have been 4,351,331 bush- ;
els. against 7,075.363 bushels last year.
With the starting of nineteen furnaces idle
a month ago, partly not Included as yet, the ;
Weekly output September 1 was 213,043 tons, j
against 206.777 tons August 1, and thf> decrease \
In stocks of 116,923 tons In two monthß mdi- j
cates a consumption but little below 1.000,000 j
tons per month. Structural work Is the heav- ■■
lest ever known at Pittsburg, though smaller
than last year at New York. Bar mills are
crowded with the general railway demand for
automatic couplers and orders for street cars
to Japan, and plate mills are. crowded west :
of Philadelphia, while the foundry consumption
is heavy and the rail mills are not yet ready
to accept orders which they cannot deliver for
months, being engaged far ahead. Southern
pig has been sold fur export, 30,000 tons in all,
including 15,000 tons to Scotland, and orders for |
15,(iO0 tons more have been refused. Tin Is !
quiet at $16 05 and lead at 4c, with copper j
strong at 12>tc and spelter at $4 80 in spite of I
a sensational rise at London. Heavy sales
ahead have blocked the project for a tin plate
trust at present.
Important cotton mills hare stopped and print
cloths hold 2.06 c. with other cotton goods un- I
yielding, but cheap material hinders operations j
for those who have to make settlings from
higher-priced cotton. Woolen mills represent 1
rather better orders, although much machinery
is Idle, those who have not old wool bidding '
much below the current prices, which are so i
far maintained that sales for two weeks have '■
been only 6,635,300 pounds, against 36,629,400 I
pounds last year and 17,015.100 pounds in the
same week of 1892. It Is worth;, of notice that
350,000 pounds of Australian wool was sold at
Boston for shipment to Europe. While the
mills cannot buy at present prices, except for
mixture with other wools, many insist, Just
as they did eight months ago, that the old
stocks must be about exhausted.
Failures for the week were 174 in the United
States, against 204 last year, and 23 In Canada, i
against 40 last year.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company sold California
fruit to-day as follows:
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Grapes— Muscat, 53e®
$1 65. average 83c: Rose ' Peru. 80o<j?$l, average
82c; Tokay, $1 !)s<jj2 25, average $1 88; assorted.
11 46; Malaga $1 25-gl 40, average $1 35. Pears—
Bartlett, $1 70©2 66, average $2 20; Salway, 65c9
$1 05. average 82c. Peaches — George's Late. 55c
(jj^l 05, average S7c; Orange Cling, $1 15.
Plums— Gros, $1 40; Italian. 4f>c®sl 05. average
81c; Hungarian, $1 2fr@"l 35, average $1 22; How
ell. $1 41; Clalrgeau, $1 70. Eight cars sold.
CHICAGO. Sept. 16.— Grapes— Tokay. 90c@
$1 90, average $1 21; Muscat, 70@95c, average
83c. Seven cars cold.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.-FLOT.- —Receipts.
20.402 barrels; exports, 7418 barrels; quieter but
steady and without change.
WHEAT— Receipts. 196.100 bushels: exports,
124,224 bushels; spot steady. No. 2 red, 73c f. o.
b. afloat to arrive and spot. Options opened
steady on foreign buying, but soon eased oft
and later developed pronounced weakness.
Liquidation was a feature, supplemented by
prospective large receipts; light export demand
end deliveries on September contract. Just at
the cloj=e a sharp rally occurred on covering,
closing %'sl'ic net lower. No. 2 red September,
70 1-16jr72 1 .' t c, closed 70% c; December, 67 3-16(&
68% c, closed 67% c.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS^ — A Fide from the fact that business
was conducted on rather narrow lines to-day,
the metal market showed a decidedly firmer un
dertone In the main with prices at the close
tending upward. News averaged up quite fav
orably, which led holders to cut down offer-
Ings and buyers to show more Interest. At the
close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG IRON— Warrants steady, with $r, 85 bid
and JO 95 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet with $12 25 bid and
$12 37% a*ked.
TlN— Quiet, with $16 05 bid and $16 15 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet but firmer, with $4 80 bid
and H 87% asked.
LEAD— Quiet, but firm, with $4 bid and $4 05
asked. The firm naming the settling price for
leading Western miners and smelters quotes
lead at $3 85.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to 5 points lower; Bales, 6000 bags, Including,
December, $5 60. Spot coffee — Rio quiet and
nominal; No. 7 Invoice. 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing,
6%c; mild quiet; Cordova, B@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw firm; fair refining, 3 13-16(31
374 c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4%c; molasses, 3 9-18
<03% c. Refined strong.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4783 packages, very firm;
Western creamery, 14Vjii?20%c; Elgin s, 20% c;
factory, 11%014c.
EGGS— Receipts, 4966 packages; firm; West
ern, 16% c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 6@8o;
prime wire tray, 8%; choice, fancy, 9%c.
PRUNES— 4<SS%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@13c; Moorpark, 12®16c
PEACHES— Unpoeled, 7%@9c; peeled, 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Sept. 16.— Anxious ehorts In wheat
covered yesterday, so that there was no fur
ther alarm created when Liverpool, before the
opening: here, imported an additional sensational
Jump of 2%A for September delivery. If Liver
pool December wheat had done proportionately
as well as September the effect upon specu
lative sentiment In Chicago would doubtless
have been different, but It showed a decline
of %d, so that the September strength was con
cluded to be a rise from a squeeze on the other
side which had no significance for any one
outside the ranks of the Liverpool shorts. On
that account the start here waa at lc decline
for September and Mt@Vic for December. The
Northwestern receipts were heavy, as usual,
and there was no change In the corresponding
lightness of the winter wheat receipts. Soon
after the opening Duluth showed Vie a bushel
advance In the price of cash wheat and some
little strength was thereby Imparted to the
market here, but not long thereafter a decline
of lc took place In the price of Duluth cash
wheat, and that put a damper on bullish sen
timent. Later In the day Minneapolis dropped
lc for epot wheat and weakness became more
pronounced. The absence of demand for cash
wheat in any quantity and reported delivery
here and at Toledo of spot wieat on Septem
ber contract created a heavy feeling near the
end and caused further declines.
The corn experience was Just the reverse frnrn
yesterday, the market being strong while
wheat was weak. The fact that the market
did not break with the reaction In wheat wm>
the Incentive for covering. The close was un
changed from yesterday.
Oats struggled along in the wake of corn, al
though they did not display as much strength
as the leader did. There was a fair cash de
mand and clearances were quite liberal. May
closed tyc lower.
Provisions ruled weak, suffering from a de
cline I-, hogs. Heavy selling of lard and ribs
also added to the decline in pork. Pork left
off s@7Hc lower, lard 2V4@sc and ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
- Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 65% 66 65 65%
December 63^ 63*4 62% 62M.
May .....64% ■■ 64% 04 61^8
i Corn No. — •• .--'.-
! September .......... 29'^ 30 29«* 29%
December 29^ 20% 29% 29H
May 31H 31% 31% 31%
Oats No. 2— .'
September .......... 20% 20% 20% 20%
December 2014 20V4 20 . 204
May ................. "22"A ' 22V4 21% 22
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October .............8 30 8 32H BSO 830
December ........... 8 37V4 845 8 37% 8 37%
January 9 20 9 20 9 15 9 17%
Lard, per 100 pounds-
October .4 75 4 75 4 70 4 72%
December ..4 82% : 4 82% 4 77% 480
January 4 87% 4 87% 485 4 87%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September ...... 6 30
October .-..5 25 6 27% 5 22% 5 27%
January 4 72% 4 72% 4 67% 470
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm: No. 2 spring Wheat, 64% c; No. 3
spring Wheat, C2®fi6c: No. 2 red. 67c; No. 2
Corn, 30%®'30Vic; No. 2 Oats. 21H@21%c; No. 2
1 white, 24@2nc; No. 3 white, 23@24c; No. 2 Rye,
I 47% c; No. 2 Barley, 39@44c: No. 1 Flaxsepd.
! S9c; Prime Timothy Seed." $2 50;. Mess Pork, per
j barrel, $8 40@S 45; Lard, per 100 pounds, $4 77%
@4 80; Short Rib Sides, loose, $5 1005 35; Dry
Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%c; Short Clear
Bides, boxed, $5 60@6 70. ' ■
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
i Flour, barrels .' 13.300 7.800
j Wheat, bushels 14.600 -- 254,600
1 Com, bushels „ 382,100 626,100
I Oats, bushels : .. 483.100 :; 151.900
Rye. bushels 28,500 5,900
Barley, bushels 63.700 3,700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13@20c; dairies,
11%@13c. Eggs, firm; fresh, 13%@14c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. ■' Bushels.
Minneapolis 293.460 49.250
Duluth 629,000 461,378
, Milwaukee 29,900 . 25,006
Chicago 146,617 254.CG8
I Toledo .......... .V...... 68.847 19,000
• St. Louis .-.' 34.000 26.000
Detroit 16.628 . 23,002
Kansas City..... 73,000 92,500
■Totals 1,291,352 961,434
Tidewater—
Boston 7.776 196,763
New York 196,100 124,228
! Philadelphia 23.570 41,870
Baltimore 30,556
New Orleans 2,000
Galveston 107,184 153,065
Totals 305,488 617,926
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening ..5 10 5 5Va 6 6%
Closing ....5 9% 5 4% 5 5
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Sept. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 49 00 46 20
I Closing 49 15 46 30
Wheat-
Opening .....2150 2160
Closing 2160 2150
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 16.— CATTLE— in Cat
tle to-day was as active as the slim supply
i would permit, and prices ruled strong, with
i some sales at 10c advance. Choice steers, $5 35
I ©5 75; medium. $4 80(g5: beef steers, $1 10®4 75;
I stockfrs and feeders. $304 60; bulls, $3 25^4 25;
! cows and heifers. $3 50{&4 25: calves, $5@5 55;
■■ Western rangers. $2 75@4 40; fed Western steers,
$4 lo®s 40: Texans. $3 5206 10.
HOGS— supply of Hogs was so large that
! traders experienced no difficulty In forcing a
I further decline of ' sc. ' • Fair to choice, $3 $s<gi !
4 52: packing' lots. $3 50®3 52%; butchers', $3 60 I
: &i 05; mixed, $3 60@4; light, $3 65@4; pigs. $2 90 j
@3 86.
SHEEP — There was a demand for. sheep and j
lambs and stronger prices were the rule for the ,
i better classes of offerings. Common to prime i
sheep, $3 60@4 60; Western sheep. $3 60<g!4 25; |
feeders, $3 90(94 12%; Inferior to choice lambs, j
$3 65@6 25; Western range lambs. $5 40<Tf6 35.
Receipts — Cattle, 2000; Hogs, 26,000; Sheep,
7000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Sept. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, SSOO.
i Market active and stronger. Native beef steers,
$4 30ig5 30; Western steers. $3 80314 60; cows and
heifers, $3@3 80; sto^kers and feeders, $3 70@ I
i 4 65; bulls, stags, etc.. $2 2r>iji3 85. .
i . HOGS— Receipts, 8900. Market a shade to 5c
I lower. Heavy. $3 8063 72%: mixed, $3 So@3 67%;
light, $3 65©3 75; bulk of sales, $3 65@3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 400. Market strong. Na
i tive muttons, $3 6004 15; Western muttons, $3 50
®4; stockers, $3@4; lambs, $4@5 20.
KANSAS CITT. ..'-
KANSAS CITY. . Sept. 16— CATTLE— Re
ceipts, 8000. Best steady to strong; others slow.
Native steers, $3 40@5 40; Texas steers, $3@4 60; I
j Texas cows, $2 50(g3: native cows and heifers, ]
I $2^4 60; stockers and feeders, $3@4 85; ■ bulls,
$2 90@3 50.
Receipts, 8500. Market weak to 60
lower. Bulk of sales. $3 65@3 75; heavy, $3 60® !
3 85; packers, $3 65(^3 SO; mixed, $3 6003 80;
lights, $3 5098 75; yorkers, $3 70@3 75; pigs, $3 23 j
05 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3000. Market firm; lambs,
$3 Es@s 10; muttons. $3@4.
DENVER. '- v'
DENVER, Sept. 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Market steady and quiet. Beef steers, '$3 50
©460; cows, $4ff4 50; feeders, freight paid to i
river, $3 Co@4 10; stockerß, freight paid, $3 75@ |
4 25; bulls, stags, etc., $2@3. •
HOGS— Receipts, 200. Market 5c lower. Light
packers, $3 70&4 70; mixed, $3 66@3 70; heavy,
$3 5003 65.
SHEEP— Receipts. 300. Market firm. Good
fat muttons, $3@4 25; lambs. $4 50@5 25.
BUSINESS IN BERLIN.
BERLIN, Sept. 16. — Business on the bourse
to-day was Irregular. Americans and Canadian
Pacifies were firm. International securities
were harder. Argentines were sustained and
local . securities were dull.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Sept. 16.— Consols, 109%; Silver,
28 l-16d; French rentes, 103f 62% c; Wheat car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes
on passage, sellers at advance 6d; cargoes Ore
gon, 29s 4%d : English country markets, firm. I
LIVERPOOL, ' Sept. 16.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2d(?'6s 3d; Wheat In
Paris, quiet; Flour in Paris, quiet; French
country markets, steady; weather in England,
warm and dry.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-32 d.
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet, easy; Sep
tember, 5s 9%d; December, 6s 4%d.
CORN— steady, .3s l%d; December
steady, 3s 2%d.
, GOLD MOVEMENT.
■ NEW TORK, Sept. 16. — Zimmerman & Fore
shaw have engaged £30,000 in gold In London
and Heidelbach, Ickelhelmer & Co. have en
gaged $800,000 for import. The Bank of British
North America has engaged $375,000 in gold for
import.
COTTON MARKET. '-. . .. ,
NEW ORLEANS, Sept. 16.— COTTON— Easy;
middling, 6 3-16 c. ..: . ,
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— Cotton easy, mid
dling, 6 5-16. •
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. 16.— Exchange*. $775,
429; balances, $47,620. \ • '
■ NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. . Walla Walla
wheat was bid up to 69c and some -sales, of
Valley were made at 60<3>61c. These figures
were above the export value, based on to-day's
Liverpool quotations and ■ the current . charter
rates. ;. • . ■, . .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 486
Sterling Cables — 4 86%
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Mexican Dollars 41 46%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS
WHEAT— Futures were weaker, but there
was no change in spot quotations. Business
continued quiet.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 13%@1 15: milling;.
Jl 17%@1 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
18,000 ctls, n 17%; 4000, $1 17%; 26,000, $1 17*.
Second Session— December— l4,ooo ctls, $1 17.
May— lo.ooo, |1 20%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
»1 16 7^,; 26,000, $1 17; 10,000, *1 17%. May— 2ooo,
tt 20%.
Afternoon Session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 17%;
2000, $1 17%.
BARLEY— Dullness continues to characterise
I thin market and there Is no change In quota
tions worthy of note.
Feed, $1 35<gl 17%; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sale*.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The market sagged again yesterday,
though there was no decline. Fancy Feed,
*1 20@l 22V, per ctl; good to choice, $1 12%@
1 20; common {1 07%fg)l 10: Surprise, nominal;
j Gray, tl 10<f? 1 15; milling, Jl 15(31 20 per ctl.
| CORN— DuII and easy at the old figures.
Small round yellow, $1 25; Eastern large yel- '
low, $1 07%; white, $1 12%; mixed, *1 02%@l 05
per ctl.
RYE— U 15@1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75#1 85 p«r ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR— Family extras, H 1594 36; bakers'
extras, $4Q4 15 per bbl.
MXX.LSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100:
Rice : Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra- cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat Groats,
$4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4
&A 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 60;
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats (bar
rels), $5 85@6 25; in sackß, $5 65@6 05; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 SO per
100 lbs. ; •-.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Is rather steadier as receipts continue to
run more moderately. Dealers generally look
for no further decline this : season, and most
of them rather expect better prices as the
winter approaches, though early rains and
warm weather might change this programme.
Fe^'lstuffs are unchanged.
BRAN— sl4@ls 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26 per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31031 50; Jobbing
$32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24©25; Cottonseed
Meal, $28®30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23®23 50-
Cracked Corn, $24@24 50.
CALIFORNIA HAT— Wheat, $13 50@16 50 for
good to choice, and $12@13 for lower grades; no
fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $13@15; Oat
$12 50@14; Barley, ; Island Barley, $10©
11 60; Alfalfa. $11 50@12 60; Stock, $10; Clover
nominal.
OUTSIDE HAT— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat. $12@13 50; Oat, $11@12 60; Cheat. $10012;
Timothy, $10@12 60: Alfalfa, $10@ll per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
: BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no further change to report.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 2002 25; Small Whites,
$1 95@2 15; Large .Whites, $1 75@1 90; Pinks,
$2 30@2 40; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $3 15@
3 25: Butters, nominal; Llmas. $3 15@3 25; Pea,
$1 90fi'2 05; Red Kidneys, 1 $2 5002 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 25@4 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. J"=?>4 12%: Flax, nominal, $2@
2 10; Canary Seed, 2Vi@2%c per ft; Alfalfa,
from Utah, 6c; Rape, 2%@3%c; Hemp, 2%@3c;
Timothy, 55?5';4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60; Green, $1 75@2 23
per ctl. .
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
There are several slight changes in Potatoes.
Vegetables run along about the same.
POTATOES— 4Cf?:r,oc In sacks for Early Rose
and4s@7oc In sacks and 75c@$l In boxes for
Rurbanks; Salinas Hurbanks, 75c@$l 20; Sweet
Potatoes, l@l%c per 1b for nearby and 2'<?2%c
for Merced. .
ONIONS— 50@65c per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onions, 75c(55l per ctl
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 6®>6c: String
Beans, l%@3c; Lima Beans. 2fs>3c: Bay
Squash, 25(3-300; Green Peppers, 25®40c for
Chile and 2o(fi4oc for Bell: Cabbage, BOc per
ctl; Carrots, 30@50c per Back; Bay Cucumbers,
2ofi4oc; Pickles. $1 6091 65 for No. 1 and 7r.c!?isl
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 35@50c: Bay Toma
toes, 35©60 c; Green Corn, 75c(??$l per sack
for Vacaville, $1 50 per crate for Alameda,
i..<Vjrsl for Berkeley; Garlic, 2:jj2%c per lb;
Green Okra, 4()©65c: Dried Okra, ' B©ioc per lb;
Egg Plant. . 40@fi0c per box; Marrowfat Squash,
JS'<;lo per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
desiccated. 16@18c; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, COc; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The market Is well supplied and dull.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 15@17c for Gob
blers and 10ftl3c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25(<?1 50; Goslings. $1 25@1 50; ! Ducks, $3@3 50
for old and T3@4 50 for young; Hens. $4@5;
Roosters young, $4 Co@s 50; Roosters, old, $4 25
© 4 50; Fryers, $4; Broilers, $3 50 for large,
$2 s>Q((f3 for email; Pigeons, $1 25<3>1 50 per dozen
for young and ?1 25® 1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Eggs continue to rise. ■ Butter is firm, but
no higher. Cheese remains unchanged.
BUTTER— . *■;-/-■"•
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 26@27c; seconds,
24«25c.
. Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@24c; common
grades, 17V£@20c. ■ ...
Pickled Goods— Firkin, ]S(?f2Oc; pickled roll.
21@21%c; creamery tub, 21@22%c.
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed, 16@16%0 per
lb- Elgin. 22522Hc.
CHEESE— mild new, 10@llc; old. B%@
9%c;- Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young America,
10%<3>11%c: Eastern. 12®13c.
EGGS — Ranch Eggs, Se^SOc per dozen; store
Eggs, 15f;22c; Eastern, 15@17%c for ordinary
and 21(g22c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Peaches In small boxes to the local trade are
dragging again, being in free supply, though
there is little decline. There Is no change- in
Plums and Pears. Figs and Quinces are scarce.
Grapes are unchanged. Wine Grapes are held
at $13 per ton,' with nothing doing, as It Is
too early yet.
i DECIDUOUS FRUITS— :-V-;,s ;.i
Strawberries, $2<?j3 per chest for large and
$G@B for small. - « - v - . ,i .», . j
; Figs, ■ nominal.
: Cantaloupes, 50c<5>$1 per crate; Nutmegs, 25@
60c per box; Watermelons, $15@2S per hundred
for large and $.'<&"•■ 12 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, S@9c per lb. -'\ ••-•-<»■
Quinces, 50@85c.
Pomegranates, nominal.
White Grapes. 25®4Cc per box; Black Grapes,
25@40c; Muscats, 3"5<550c; Seedless, ; To
kay, 35<g.500; crates sell about 10c higher than
boxes; Isabellas, $l(s?l 25 per crate.
Blackberries, $2 50@4 60 per chest.
Plums, 40@60c per crate and 40@600 per box;
In bulk, $20 per ton.
Peaches, 50@85c per box for good to choice
and -40c for common stock. • •■-,-';
Raspberries, $6@B per chest.
Apples, So® 60c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 25 for choice.
Bartlett Pears, $I®l 25 - per box and $50@>60
per ton for No. 1 and 75@90c per box and $40
per ton for ripe and inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUITS— $I@l 50 for Va
lencias, $I©l 25 for St. Michaels, 75c@$l for
Mediterranean Sweets and 50@75c for Seedlings;
Lemons, $2@2 50 for common and $S®s for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6@7; Califor
nia Limes. • 75c@$l 50: Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $304 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
New Tork advices report a firm market there
for Prunes, with the large sizes unobtainable,
and that" buyers have been looking around In
Oregon and Washington for large sized Ital
ian Prunes to fill the deficiency, but they are
also scarce. The fact ■ is, there are no . large
Prunes anywhere this — either here or .in
Europe. This is an off year for fruit, all
around.
Locally speaking we are having a very fair
fruit market at present. There Is no rush, but
good lots sell off well at steady prices, and
there is no accumulation of stock. The feeling
In all kinds is firm. • .
DRIED FRUIT — New Prunes, 6c for
40-50" 8, 5c for 60-60' a, 4%c for 60-70' s, 3%
@4c for 70-SO's, 3%@3%c for SO-90's, 2%@3e for
90-100' s and 2<g'2%c for 100-110' s; Peaches, 6%@
B%c for good to choice and 9@loc . for ■ fancy;
Apricots, 9@l2c for Royals and 10(9)13c for
Moorpark: Evaporated Apples, . 7%@7%c; sun
dried, 4@sc; Black Figs, sacks, 2©2% c; Plums,
6@*c for pitted and l@l%c for.unpitted; Necta
rines, 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 7@7%c
for quarters and B@loc for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown,' 4c for three
crown, 4%c ' for four-crown, 4%@6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3Vic for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; dried : Grapes. ■ 2c.
. NUTS— Walnuts, new, 6c for hardshell, 7c for
softshell; Almonds, 3®4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
Boftshell, B%@9c for paper-shell;' Peanuts, 4@
6>,fccfor Eastern and 4%c for California; Pe
cans, 6%@Bc; Filberts, 9%@10c; Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per lb" Cocoanuts, , $4 50@5 per hundred
HONEY— Comb, 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower ' grades; water-white extracted, ' 5V4@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5V4c per tb.
BEESWAX— per ft. -
PROVISIONa
Continue quiet and unchanged. :
CURED MEATS— Bacon, . B^c \ per ft for
heavy, 9c for light medium, 10V4c for light, lie
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10%@llc; Califor
nia , Hams, 9%@10c; Mess Beef, $10010 50 per
bbl:' extra Mess Beef, $11@11 50; Family Beef
$12@12 50; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear'
$IS®lB 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2o
per lb. ■ • .
LARD— Eastern, tierces," quoted at 6c per ft
for compound and 7>4c for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 6c per lb for compound and 7c
for pure;- half barrels, 7%c; 10- rb tins, 8c; 5-tb
tins SVic.
; COTTOLENE — Tierces. 6H@6%c; packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 in a case. 9V4c
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, BHc; 5-lb paile. 12 in a
case,- B%c; 10-Ib palls, 6 In a case. B%c; 50- lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, -7%c; wooden buckets 20
tbs net, B%c ; fancy tubs, -80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per ft. ™
HIDES. TALLOW, : WOOL AND HOPS.
There is nothing new to report In these mar
kets. ' ■■■' ; :-; -■ . ■ -■- ■ . '■•• ; ■,-- -". .• - --,
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands j sell
about <lc . under \ the t quotations. '. Heavy . salted
steers, 10c; medium. »c; light, B#c; Cow
hides,'BH@9%c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
Be; dry Hides, sound, 15@15%c; culls and brands,
]2@l3c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf. 17@18c;
Sheepskins, ; shearlings, 15@25c each; 6hort
wool, 30@40c each; medium, 60@80c; long wool
90c@$l 10 each; Horsehides, salt, $2 25 for
large and $I@l 75 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $1 50@l 75 for large and $1 for small.
« TALLOW— No. 1 rendered." 3V4@SHc per • Ib;
No. 2, 2H<s'2%c; refined,- 4%@4%c; Grease, 2e. •
• WOOL— clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, . 9<§!l2c. Spring • Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern, , 7 months', S@loc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12i?/14c; Foothill " and Northern
defective. 10@12c; Middle County, 13@l$c; Hum
boldt • and Mendoclno, "14®16c; Nevada 10@14c-
Eastern Oregon, 1O c: Valley Oregon. 15Sl7c'
i HOPS— IB9B crop. lo@l'sc; ; 1897 crop, nominal
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 4%c; Wool
2G@2Bc: San Quentln Bags. $4 !>5: Fruit
Bags, Be, 6%c and S%c for the three grades of
white and 7@Bc for brown.
COAL— Harrison's circular says: "There have
teen \ the following i arrivals of » coal for ■ the
week. viz. : i Right from Washington with 20,.
116 tons; : four from . British Columbia; 14, 152
tons ; four: from Oregon, i 1760 tons; * one "; from
Philadelphia.- 2005 tons; total. ,88,033 r; tone
Prices remain steady, and , the demand for
■team t uses ■Is brisk. ?, hence v there Is only - a
small accumulation sin yards. • We • are , having
very liberal deliveries from coast collieries. ■ No
arrivals of ■ Australian this week, although
there are six vessels fully due. We are prom
ised large shipments of coal from a new neia
In Tacoma, of . promising grade; hitherto but
few of these promises from new sections nave
been realized; it may result differently in tnis
case.. There are thirty-three vessels on tne
engaged list from Australia, with a carrying
capacity of 85.000 tons. Names are not. being
added to the loading list lately, as ship-own
ers are finding more profitable uses for their
vessels. It is not yet finally settled that tne
cost of Colonial coals will . be increased after
January 1. The general opinion Is the leading
grades of Newcastle will be eight shillings,
which means an advance of thirty cents per
ton over present ruling quotations.
"Cumberland coal is being offered now below
last month's limits; this is caused. by free ar
rivals. If we should have some seasonable
rains in the next sixty days, it will lead to a
softening of coal freights from English and
Australian . ports, as vessels would naturally
seek this port If there should be any assurance
of outward charters for grain."
Wellington. $8 per -- • ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 SO; Seat
tle, $fi; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
%1 50; Cumberland, $.10 In bulk and $11 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 114; Can
nel, $10 per ton: Rock Springs and Castle Gate,.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
Backs.
RlCE— China mixed. $4 25<54 30: China No. 1.
$4 90(i?5 20; extra do. $5 30@5 60; Hawaiian,
$5 25(5;5 37%; Japan, $5 SO<J?6 40: Louisiana, $5 50
@6 50.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, "He; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6%c; Dry Granulated, 6c; Confec
tioners' A. Cc; California A, 5%c: Magnolia A.
6%c; Extra C, s>^c: Golden C. 5%c; half bar
rels, Vie more than barrels, and boxes Vie more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKKT.
Local packers are bidding only 4c for Hogs,
owing to the more liberal arrivals. Beef, Mut
ton and Lamb are quiet.
■Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: _• ■
BEEF— First quality, 6@6^c; second quality,
5%c; third quality. 4<?sc.
VEAL— Large. 6@6c; small, <o4@Bc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, C@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c
per lb. ■
LAMB— Lamb. 7y.oSc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3%c for large. 4@4Vio for
medium and 3V4®3Vfec for small; stock Hoes,
2@3c; dressed Hogs, SH@GV&c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. September 16.
Flour, qr sks ... 10,X5S Butter, ctls IS 1 !
Wheat, ctls l,4Ui Chefse, ct!s ,"4
Barley, ctls 2f>o Wine, gals 31,750
Beans, sks 121 Brandy, gals 1 mo
Potatoes, sks ... 7,458 leather, rolls ... 112
Onions, sks 1,085 Hides, no 714
Bran, sks 880 Chicory, bbls .... 2"
Mldcillngs. Bks .. 43" Pelts, bdls 100
Wool, bales 65 Lime, bbls SI
Hops, bales 75 Quicksilver, flsk. 233
Straw, tons 20 Lumber, ft 20 000
Hay, tons 53r. Sugar, bags .... 2,604
Eggs, doz 9,0001
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 3,lßsiHay, tons 70
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are both dearer. Cheese is
unchanged.
There have been liberal receipts of Poultry
this week and the market is abundantly sup
plied in consequtnee.
Fruits and Vegetables show no changes
worthy of note. Both are In their usual liberal
supply.
Salmon is out of season and will remain so
until October 16.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
?annel I 012 00 Caetle Gate.. s9 60® —
Wellington . @10 CO Southfield
New Welling- Wellington © 9 50
ton ©10 001 Coos. Bay ... &, 7 no
3eattle ....... 8 CO© [ w' °°
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per I Common Eggs 20@25
square — @s"i| Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll .... — @50 doz 30@35
I Do, good 40@45| Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal — "512 It) 12@15
Cheese, Eastern. ..ls@— Do, extracted..." S<SIQ
Cheese, 5wi55..... 20@25
Meats, per Ib — ..
Bacon : 12@17 Pork, fresh —012
Beef, choice — fril2j Pork, salt 10®12
Do. good SifrlO Pork, chops — <n,y>
Corned Beef — @ S Round Steak 10#—
Ham, Cal.. ..12^(815 Sirloin Steak 12W((i>—
Do, ' Eastern —015 Porterhouse, do.. 17020
Lard .; .12@15 ; Smoked 8eef......i2@i5
Mutton —010 1 Pork Sausages ©20
Spring- Lamb 12@— | Veal 10 ft 15
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each olXg) 65 Turkeys, pr Ib IS® 10
Young Roost- I Ducks, each... 40$ 60
ers, each Co@ 75, Geese, each 1 00@l 25
Old Roosters, I Pigeons, pair. . 25® £0
each 40@ 50 Rabbits, pair.. <S> 40
Fryers, each... ' 50@, 60 Hare, each 0 20
Broilers, each. 30@ 40.
Fruits and Nuts —
Almonds, 1b... ....10012 i Oranges, d0z......12©30
Apples, 1t). ......... 4@ 6 Pears, per 1D....... 4*3) 6
Blackberries, per ■ - ' Peaches, per 1t).... 4® C j
drawer 25@35 Plums, It) 4@ 5
Bananas, doz 15@20 Quinces, per 1t).... r«® 6 !
Cantaloupes, ; eachlO@ls Raspberries, ' per
Figs, per tb 5$ 8 drawer 35@50 !
Drapes, per 1b..... 4@ 8 Raisins,, It) sfg;iO j
Huckleberries, per Strawberries, per
Ib — (glO drawer 25@40
Lemons, doz ...... 25<S — Walnuts, 1t>...;...12@15
Limes, doz 10®ir>| Watermelons, echls@3o
Nutmeg Melons.. s^lol
Vegetables —
Asparagus, Ib S@lo Lettuce, doz 15@25
Artichokes, d0z...20@30 Green Okra, 1b.... 6® 8
Beets, doz 13016 Onions. Ib 4® 5
Beans, white, It).. 45*5 Peppers, . green 4<?i) 6
Colored, Kb 4<§> 5 Potatoes, Ib ....... 2® 3
Lima, Ib o(a ] 6 Do Sweet i<fi 5
Cabbage, each s@lo Parsnips, doz. . 15@20
Cauliflowers, each oSlo, Radishes, dz bchslO(fi'l2
Celery, bunch.:... 5^ — Sage, doz bnchs..2s(S3s
Cress, doz bnchs.. String Beans, lb.. 4@ 5
Cucumbers, doz. ..10(^15 Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, per Ib. 4(Jj> 6 per Ib 4@ 5
Green Corn. doz . . 12@30 Thyme, , 1b.... 20(530
Green Peas, 1t).... 7® 8 Turnips, doz 15^20
Lentils, Ib 6@ 8 Tomatoes, It) 3@ 4
Fish, per Ib— . ■
Barracuda 8010 Shrimps B@lo
Carp 5^ 6 Shad — @ —
Codfish ........ B@lo Sea Bass — ii? 10
Flounders ......... a!o> 6 Smelts 10^12
Herring .-....—#— Soles S«i>lo
Halibut 8(?llO Skates, each s<slo
Kingfish 84*10 Tomcod ...— @lo
Mackerel —&— Clams, gal — Cd',o
Do. horse S(7T— Do, hardshell, 100.40050
Perch 8(filO Crabs, each 10®13
Pompano 50<ti'~ii Do, softshell, d0z.25^35
Rockflsh ..... .—©lo Mussels, qt..^... 10011
Salmon, smoked.. 2oo— Oysters, Cal, 100...40#—
Salmon, fresh.... .— s— Do.Eastern, d0z..25@40
Sturgeon .;. 10@12
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mrs. Ceclle J. Dolon to "W. H. Chickering,
lot on N line of Ellis street, 130:6 E of Van
Ness avenue, E 27:6 by N 100; $1500.
Gascha Johnson to John Cordes. lot on SE
corner of Post and Baker streets, E 137:6 by S
137:6; $10.
C. W. Purrlngton to Lllltam M. Richardson,
lot on N line of Frederick street. 15,6:3 W of
Shrader, W 25 by N 137:6, Schaadt Tract; $10.
American Surety Company ot New York to
Carlo D. Blanchl, lot on E line of Bartlett
street, 40 S of Twenty-second, S 40 by E 125; $10.
Anna H. Spring to Charlotte B. Spring, lot
on N line of Chestnut street, 137:6 W of Leav
enworth, W 65:9 by N 275; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Harry
J. and Minnie Porter, lot on E line of San
Bruno avenue (Nebraska), 125 S of Nineteenth
street, S 25 by E 100; $1600.
Robert S. and Carrie Miller to John Dough
erty, all those portions of blocks PN 104, 128,
139 and 162 within Felt Tract (quitclaim deed);
$10.
George J. G. Marslly to same, P. N. block 128,
bounded by Marip'osa, Kansas, Solano and Ver
mont, also block bounded by Eighteenth (So
lano), Rhode Island, Nineteenth (Butte) and
Kansas streets (quitclaim deed) ; $5.
John J. Bonncr to R. F. Morrow, all that
portion PN block 139 within Felt Tract (quit
claim deed); $6.
■ John Dougherty to same, that portion of PN
block 139 within Felt Tract; also lot on SW
corner of Maripoea and Kansas streets, W 100
by S 400; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Katherine Matt
son, lot on W line of Twentieth avenue, 225 S
of California street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
John Kleinhaus to Timothy L. Barker, lot on
E line of Thirty-second avenue, 250 S of J
strßet. S 50 by E 120; $200.
John H., Cellna D. and Charlotte B. Spring
to Anna H. Spring, outside land blocks 979
1008 to 1010; $6000.
Margaret L. Pac (Gaily) to Julius S. Godeau,
lot on W line of Boutwell (Hampshire) street,
375 N of Augusta, W 100 by N 50. lots 204 and
205, Silver Terrace Homestead; gift.
Kate P. Kindred (by E. M. Bachelder, at
torney). Mary A. PattPrson, Alice M. Good
man, Bertha P. Bachelder and Emma F. Cath
cart to E. Ferguson, lot on W line of Whitney
street, 275 N of Randall, N 25 by W 125 lot 1
block 26, Fairmount; $10.
Alameda County.
William P. Toler to James A. Toler, B8 75
acres, being plat 30 of marsh lands on map
of lands In partition in suit of William P. Toler
et al. vs. Jose C. Peralta, administrator, et
tl., as subdivided by A. E. Crane. R. S Far
relly and M. Berwln, referees, Brooklyn Town
ship; $1.
Francos D. and Baxter Booth to Sarah Flan
agan (wife of John), lot on NW corner of
Henry and Vine streets, N 60 by W 135, being
lot 20, block 2, Graves & Taylor Tract, Berke
ley: $1800.
Charles W. and Henry W. Spalding to Joseph
Clegg, lot on W line of Henry street, 180 S of
Rose, S 60 by W 135, being lot 8, block 2
same, Berkeley; $1300.
Builders' Co tracts.
Mrs. George Young (owner), with W. B
Knowles (contractor), architect F. M. Van
Trees. All work for a 2-story attic and base
ment frame building on lot on N line of Broad
way, 165 W of Fillmore street, W 87:6 by V
137:8: $Wfl,
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the banefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
Ce d. r rc^s CO oT^ e^f °'f and .a«T.
for comparison and reference ar P \), OR , hand
information can always II t,V ? d^ the latest
lights, dancers to navfg-atinn „ 5 ,, regardlng
of interest to ocean commerce a " matters
The time ball on the 'tmvpr t »v ~
building, at the foot of Market ltr«f "f^^'i
about ten minutes before ™£, r 11-I 1 -, ls holstfV< l
noon. 120 th meridian? by teW ra a "v,l dr , Oppe , <1 at
ceived each day from the r S h Jf f l^, 1 re ;
Observatory. Mare Island r a tate3 Si&nal
A notice stating whether the 'hill a
on time or giving the error if am- Y^ ki°, P^
in the morning papers the following la publlsned
Ensign (mired) C %£***&
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High, and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to s«n
Francisco Bay. Published by official an
thority of the Superintendent. olnclal *"-
NOTE— The high and low waters occur nt
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide is the. same at both places
SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17.
Sun rises 5.51
Sun sets 6 :^
Moon sets 6:41 p. m _
19
x. w
6:42
H V
in v:
1.4 11:56
L W
4.8 6:16
4.5 6:53
4.2 7:34
4.0 8:23
3.9 9:33
4.1 10:56
5.3
6:
2: :
G:'
1.7
2.2
2.6
2.9
3.1
3.2
th
S:
4 :
7:01
7:54
8:53
9:58
9:03
».1
01
0.0
-0.1
-0.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column r.nd the successive tides of ths
day Jn the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of,
the day, the third time column the third tlda
nnd the last or right hand column gives th 9
last tide of the day. except when there are but
thr^e tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the.
United States Toast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hyflrosraphic Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Sep
fmbpr 16, IS9S.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. B. N., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Goo. W. Elder.. [Portland _ |Sept.l 7
Washtenaw !Taeoma ..— 'Sept. l 7 :
Arcnta Coos Bay •> _... Sept. l 7
Bertha.. St. Michael. Sept. lß
Tltanfn INana'.mo . ; Sept. lS
North Fork Humboldt .- — ... Sept. lß
Weeott Humboldt .- Sept. lß
Corona San Diego ..... Sept. lS
Scotia 'Humboldt _... Sept. lß
Wellington i Departure Bay Sept. 18
Navarro Yaqulna Bay Sept. lß'
Signal Grays Harbor .. Sept. lß
Australia Honolulu »... Sept. la-
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Sept. 19
Pomona Humboldt . Sept. l 9
Starbuek I Panama «. ! Sept. 19
Progreso Seattle  Sept. 19
Del None Grays Harbor *.... Sept. 19
Homrr Newport ...... Sept. 2o .
Columbia Portland ♦.... Sept. 2o
Alameda Sydney U. Sept. 2l
Mackinaw Tacoma ». Sept. 2l
Santa Rosa Pan Diego Sept. l 2
Curacao I Tacoma — I Sept. 22'
Bristol Departure Bay ...... Sept. 22'
Empire Coos Bay •*• Sept. 22-
Crescent City... Crescent City -. Sept. 22
Chilkat Humboldt -.... Sept.22 ;
StateOllfornlaiPnrtland [Sept.M
Walla Wa11a....! Victoria & Puget aound]Sept.2-T
Coos Bay | Newport (Sept. 24
STEAMKRS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. 1 Pier.
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
Coptic China&JapanfSept. 17, 1 pm PMSS
G"ce DollarjYaquina Eay.jSept.l7, 5 pm Pier 13
Coos Bay. . .'Newnort ! Sept. 18. 9 am! Pier 11
ITmatilla .'Vie & Pgt Sd. ISept. 18, 10 am|Pier 9
Orizaba [Mexico iSept. 18. 10 am Pier 11
Chilkat ....IHumboldt .... [?»pt.l3, 2 pm|Pler 13
Colon jPanama ]Sept.l 9. 12 miPMSS
Navarro !Yaquina Bay. !Pept. 19, 5 pmlPler 13
G. W. ElderjPortland (Sept. 19. 10 am|Pler U
Corona [San Diego i Sept. 20. 11 am Pier 11
AVeeott ITillamookß'yjSept. 20, 5 pmjPier 13
Arcata ICoos Bay Sept. 21. 10 amlPler IS
Pomona JHumboldt j'Sept. 21, 10 am' Pier 9
Columbia ..jPortiand (Sept. 22. 10am|Pler 24
Homer I Newport !Sept.22. 9 am | Pier 11
Queen [Vie & P^t Sd. Sept. 23. 10 ami Pier •
Signal .Grays Harbor! Sept. 24, 4 pm]
Australia ..IHonolulu !Sept.24. 2 pmjPler T
Santa Rosa. ! San Diego 'Sept. 24, 11 am! Pier 11
State of Cai; Portland 'Sept. 25, 10 am Pier 24
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. Beptsmber 18.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, 86 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 17 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Point Arena, Kansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Olsen, 7 hours from Pig
eon Point.
Bark Martha Davis, Frits, 45 days from Hon
olulu, via Hilo 32 days.
CLEARED.
Friday, September 18.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; GocxSalL
Perkins & Co.
T^r bark Inversniad, Ross, Portland; J T>
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Friday. September 18.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr State of California, Thomas. Astoria.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Coos Bay. ,
Stmr Sequoia. Thwing, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander San Diego.
Stmr Cleone, Mlllor. Point Arena.
Br bark Inverurle, Charleson. Portland.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Sept 16—10 p. m.— Weather,
thick; wind, SW; velocity, 8 miles.
CHARTERS.
The A spice loads mdse for Liverpool. 22s 6d.
The Chas B. Kenney loads coal at Depart
ure Bay for Honolulu; Plrigo, coal at Seat
tle for this port; E X Wood, lumber at Ta
coma for Shanghai, 555.
MISCELLANEOUS..
LONDON, Sept 16— Br bark Anamba. from
Llverp^l put Into Montevideo with wheel car
ried away and other damage during a hurri
cane. 6rew sick.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Martha Davis— On Sept 14 In lat 88 N,
long 125 W, saw a four-masted six topgallant
yard ship painted lead color.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 16— Br ship Olea
breck, hence Fept 1.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 16— Stmr Pasadena,
for Pan Pedro.
Arrived Sept 16— Schr Eureka, hence Sept 8.
VENTT'RA— SaiIed Sent 16— Stmr Newberg,
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept I«— Sch Comet
from San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrlver Sept 16— Schr
Ruby A Cousins, from Redondo.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Sept 16— Bark
Santa Rosa, from for Burrards Inlet.
PORT ToWXPEND— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr
City of Seattle, from Alaska.
COQUILLE RIVER-Sailed Sept 15— Sch Bar
bara Hernster, for San Francisco. __* '
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 18— Schr Wnj
Renton, from Seattle.
EUREKA-Arrlved Sept 16-Stmr Alliance,
hence Sept 15; stmr We«** hence Sept 14; Btta
National City, from Portland. ■ • _
Sailed Sept 16— Schr Bertha Dolbeer, for San
DiPRo: bktn Eureka, for Honolulu.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Sequoia
Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Whltes
boro for Port Los Angeles.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Aloha,
for Pan Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 15— Schr Re
porter, hence Aug 2S; bktn Gleaner, henca
Aug 31; schr Jennie Stella from Guaytnas.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 16— Schr Sequoia, for
" R PORT'TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 16— Schr
Comet, from San Pedro.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Sept 16— Stmr Alcazar, tot
Arrived Pert 15— Stmr Lakme, from Eureka.
ST MICHAEL— To sail \u<» 2S— Schr Mildred,
for Kllllsnoo. Aug 30— Ship Elwell and shlj
Wachusett, for I'nalaska; brig Geneva, for .
Sept 2— Bark Hunter, for Seattle; bark Rufuf
E Wood, for Port Ar -eles. Sept 10— Schr Inca,
for Puget Sound; schr Wm Bowden, for Port
Townsend. Sept 14— Schr "W F Jewett, fof
GrnvF> Harbor.
TACOMA— Sailed Sept 16— Bark Leyl O Bur
gess, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived Sept 16— Bktn Moni
tor, from Eureka.
ET'REKA— SaIIPi Sept 16— Stmr Charles Nel
son, for San FthtMsco.
PORT TOWNSEND — Arrived Sept 16— Ship
Columbia, hence Sept 2, for Tacoma; bark Top
gallant, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE-Salled Sept 16— Stmr Farallon, for
Dyea; stmr Noyo, for .
Arrived Sept 16 — Stmr Sunol, from St Mich
ael.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— SaiIed Sept 15— Ship Susquehanna
for Manila.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NAKNEK— SaiIed Aug 23— Bark B R Cheney,
fr' San Francisco.
ROYAL ROADS— Arrived Sept 16— Bark Sem
lnole, from Honolulu; ship Kennebec, henca
CARDlFF— Arrived Sept 15— Ger ship Alice,
from Oregon. „
COLON— Arrived Sept 15— Stmr Advance, fm
New York. _
Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Finance, for New York.
HULL— Arrived Sept 15— Br ship Kate
Thomas, hence April 16.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Sept 18— Br ahlp City ot
York, for San Francisco.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
THE FRESHMEN
AGAIN RUSH
SOPHOMORES
Fast Fight Upon the
College Campus.
NEW MEN THE VICTORS
TIED UP THEIR OPPONENTS IN
SHORT ORDER
A Baseball Game Brings On an Old- •
Time Conflict Between
State University
x , Students.
BKRKELET, Sept. 16. -When the soph
i&nores of the University of California
started to play the freshmen In the fifth
of the series of lnterclasa baseball
matches this afternoon no one thought
that the game would end up in a general
fracas.
By tradition the two lower classes are
rivals all through their college career,
and tradition has sanctioned the annu;il
rush, which acts as a safety-valve for
all pent-up feelings cf rivalry anu ani
mosity. Some time ago, however, serious
injuries resulted from these tussles, and
both the faculty and the student body
passed rules absolutely prohibiting any
thing of the kind. In two instances, nev
ertheless, these rules have been openly
disregarded this year, and one of these
•ed this afternoon during the base
ball match.
How the trouble began nobody kn^w?.
The game start-nl with an unusually
attendance, of spectators. The \
friendly rivalry" between the two classes
found expression in the customary
"Joshes" hurled at the players. Jeer was
answered with jeer, and a rapid run of
humorous comment kept up. But as the
sophomores began to get the better of
the play the freshman spirit could stand .
it no longer.
It wan seen that the score would likely
be very much one-sided in favor of the
sophomores. Murmurs of "Let's rush
them!" began to circulate among the
defeated "freshies," and before very
long a plentiful supply of bale rope had
been obtained.
The score then stood at 16 to 6; but the ■
pame got no further. Soon the excited
spectators resolved itself into a general j
.;ielee, and the crowd was treated to '
a scene which was not included in the
charge for admission.
IKits and coats were off in a second.
Freshman fought with sophomore and
sophomore fought with freshman. Again j
the contest was all one-sided, but this j
time the "freshies" got the better of it. |
When a sophomore was thrown down
three of his opponents hastily bound hla
tied his hands, and left him face
downward In a general heaf>.
The work was soon over. In a pile lay
tied up "sophs," their rivals forming
ti ring and dancing around them with
hoots and Jeers and college yells.
"We may not be able to piay ball,"
shouted a grimy looking "freshy." but j
we soon Bhowed them how to "rush."
With that they untied their rivals, and
dftf l.ireii the light over. No one was
Injured, beyond the ordinary bruises and
bumps Jic-rtttfaHy Incident to such a mix-
Just how the affair will be regarded
by the faculty is a matter of conjecture.
It Is thought, however, that that body
will no longer see its rules violated with
Impunity. It is a significant fact that
the Associated Students in their meeting
this morning rescinded the resolution
passed last year forbidding any student '
;g-age In rushing. The affair this ;
afternoon is thought to have followed
from this morning's decision.
By their m-iion the Associated Students
declared themselves unable to cope with
the difficulty, and so left the matter en
tlrely in the hands of the faculty. The
question will now be referred to the mm
mittee on students' affairs. As, however, j
the responsibility for this afternoon's out- j
break can be fixed upon no definite per- |
| sons, no action other than the issue of |
a new warning will probably be taken.
POLICE ARE PUZZLED
OVER CABRALS LOSS
MRS. MADIROS' TRUNK PICKED,
THEN SET ON FIRE.
Nearly $600 Was Taken, and Now
the Loser Wants to Compel Her
to Make Good the Amount.
OAKLAND, Sf.pt. 16.— The police and
detectives are somewhat puzzled over the
email blaze In a trunk which occurred at
the home of Manuel Madtros, 1600 Third
street, yesterday morning, and the dis
appearance of the $550 from the house.
Manuel Cabral had Intrusted Mrw. M.i
dlpis with his money, which she placed In
a trunk in the front room, and yesterday,
while she was visiting a neighbor, some
unknown person entered the house, pre-
Bumably, and, after breaking open the
trunk, took $015 therefrom and about $35
-ring to Mrs. Madlros, which was in
a washetand. A fire was then started in
the trunk, and the smoke, being Been by
children, Mrs. Madiros was in
formed.
Bho claims that she locked the doors
when she left. "Cabral rooms in my
," salcl Mrs. Madiros, through the
Interpretation of one of her daughters,
"and last Tuesday he handed me Itil.'i fi.r
Bafe keeping. I placed it In my trunk.
V niay he came to me and wanted $luO
Jr. It. i gave it to him, and he watched
where I placed the balance and where 1
put the key. When tin- lire was discovered
In the trunk the k< y WU In the hole ana
6ome of the things were scattered on the
llnor, while the cover was torn off the
trunk. Now Cabral accuses me of steal
ing the money and wants to have me ar
rested."
Manuel Madlros, her husband, believes
that, the money was stolen by some ono
whu supposed he had consider;* b!<_
money kept In his hoose. "I do not spend
much," said he to-day, "and do not wear
line clothes, nor do my seven children, and
I usually find plenty of work. I think
some one who believed I must have a
great deal of money M.ved broke In to
find it. I don't know what I can do.
(Jabral wants t<> have my wife arrested.
There is a mortgage on my home, and if
I had plenty of money 1 would pay Cabral
his loss." '
Hupband, wife and children wore weep
ing over the robbery, and fear that an
attempt 18 being made to rob them of
their little home.
Mrs. Heywood's Estate.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— William B. Hey
wond to-day petitioned for prubato of the
will of Vienna Hcywood, who aed in
Berkeley last Sunday. The estate con
of real estate valued at $5000. deposit
•in bank o/ $12,000. fifty shares of capital
stock of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany trained at Www; Jewelry, etc.. $r,oo.
The petitioner is named as executor, and
the deviseos. besides the widower, are
Mary F Swain of Stanhope. lywa. and
Vienna T. Sargent of Geneseo. 111.
Rev. C. H. Hobart Dangerously 111.
OAKLAND, Sept lf.-Rev. C. H Ho
bart. pastor of the First Baptist Church,
is lying critically 111 at his home, 736
Twelfth street. He underwent an opera
iion yesterday to relieve his illness, and
W Mood clot in the head is the cause of
J.lh condition.
Lady Yarde-Buller Hurt.
OAKLAND. Sept. 16.— Lady Tarde
ißuller has again struck a row of mis
fortunes. Wnile alighting from an elec
tric car at Sixteenth street Btation yester
day ehe slipped, and falling heavily,
fractured her inee cap. She ia confined
to her home.
NEW TAX LEVY
HAS CAUSED
GRAVE FEARS
The High School Will
Have to Close.
STREET WORK HANDICAPPEO
POLICE FORCE MAY BE REDUCED
FIVE MEN.
Consternation Prevails Among the
Heads of Departments of
the Oakland Munici
pality.
Oakland Offloe San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 16.
The tar levy of $1 21, as reported by
the City Council last night, has caused
consternation in all the departments, ami
it Is apparent that it will have to be
modified before it becomes a law—be
tween now and September 2S.
The heads of the various departments
were Interviewed to-day, and all ex
pressed it as almost impossible to get
along with the allowances made.
Assistant School Superintendent York
predicts that the High School will have
to be closed several months of the year,
owing to the big reductions made.
"The amount allowed us by Auditor
Snow was $46,683 for maintenance of the
High School, after cutting down every
thing," said Mr. York, "and this the City
Council has now reduced to $25,430. Our
expenses already Incurred for High School
purposes, counting teachers' salaries,
fuel, etc., amounts to J42 .CHJO. Now, how
are we going to run the High School? i
"The Council goes In arbitrarily and
says. 'You can only have $25,u00; now
what are you going to do?' We will sim
ply huve to shut down the High School
at' the end of six months, when it ought .
to run ten and a half months. This j
amount will allow nothing for supplies,
incidentals and maintenance of building.
"Under the charter 'the Board of Edu
cation shall between June 1 rind 10 fix a
schedule of salaries for teachers and em
ployes of the department, to take effect
on July 1 following, and remain In force :
during' the fiscal year."
"Now. we went according to law and ;
contracted for certain supplies. Our
water bill amounts to $1000 per year, and
here's a coal bill for $8.% 60, all delivered;
and the bunkers are full and the bill has j
"There's only one way to do with tho
High School— and the money for this pur
pose Is raised wholly by the Council— and |
that Is to shut down, turn the teachers j
loose and let them have recourse against
the city. We will keep the High School
open this term and run through January
and February, then close. Of course the
teachers will come In and say they are
ready to go on teaching; that they ore
engaged by the year: and they'll have to
enter suit and tie up money in the gene- j
ral fund. ,
"It will affect the common schools too. \
Last year we got (86,000 for common
school's, and this year the Council allows
us but $12,000. The majority of money j
for the support of these schools comes I
from the Slate and county taxes but this .
year we will be able to keep the com
mon schools open about nine months out i
of the ten and a half. ;
"The whole thing is pimply this: The j
Improvement Club comprising property
owners around Lake Merritt are in a
hurry to have that lake Improved, and
the "taxpayers all over the <^y,, f r « *?
pay for It, while their schools will ha\e
to close If it was not for that dredging
scheme the t>ig cut would not have been >
made. Let the matter be submitted to a
vote of the people for bonds and^he feet ,
would be knocked from under it.
Street Superintendent Miller pays that
all the work on the streets will have to
be brought practically to a stanristil 1 un
der the proposed levy. "I hau hoped tnac
the policy of improving streets would be
continued until the street system Is what
it ought to be," said Mr. Miller, but It
looks now as though we -would drop back.
The work on the East Oakland main
thoroughfare will, of course, be discon
tinued and we will also be, seriously
crippled for funds with which to clean
streets and make repairs.
"A general reduction will have to be
made all along the line of our work
Chief of Police Fletcher also feels put
out over the reductions made in hi j ae
partment. "In the first place," said he,
"Auditor Snow cut our estimates down
$1000 and now the Council makes a fur
ther cut of $5000. Of course, the bills
have to be paid. Councilman Heltmann,
I understand, said that, we could let out
five officers. That's a pretty hard thing j
to do; these men have bought uniforms,
etc. Of course, it's no use of me mak
ing any comments. I'll have to do the
best I "can and do it as though it was
mv own business. I will not purchase
arivthlr.gr but what I'll actually need. A
good many things will have to be cur
tailed, and" I really don't see how we are j
foirK to set along, but, as I said, we 11
o the best we can."
George Carlton, city electrician, feels
perhaps worse over the great slash of al
lowances than any one. The Council al
lowed hie department— that of fire, po
lice and telegraph-$42. r ,O. "The mainte
nance expenses of my department, at the
very lowest estimate," said he, "ie $5800.
Now, I claim .that last year the depart
ment did not cost the city one cent, be
cause I had charge of all the lights, and
under my manipulation and with the
hearty co-operation of the gas company
I put in 12.' extra lights, which cost $1000
less than thope of the preceding year. My
department pays for the telegraph and
telephone in the police and tire patrol. It
was only last wet-k the Council praised
me for mv work, and now I 'get it in the
neck' with a4O per cent cut. The Coun
cil claims it was on oversight. That
may be but as my reward for what I
have done, I dare say it is anything but
encouraging to save much for tho city.
librarian Peterson says that hereto
fore $10,000 to $11,000 had been expended
yearly for the library alone, and that
about $2000 of this went always for new
books and the reblndlng of worn ones.
"Now we shall probably not be ablo to
have any rebinding. done," said Mr.
Peterson, "though it is always the books
desired most that need it first. Of
course the buying of new books will be
out Of the question. "We have drawn on
tne money appropriated for us already bo
wo have less than $5476 to get along on.
As to what will bo done little can be
said until the trustees meet and wrestle
with the problem."
Auditor Snow claimed last night that
the, money raised for the lake could be
claimed by creditors, but City Attorney
Dow says not. "Any money raised un
der the park and boulevard act cannot
b<- used for any other purpose," said the
City Attorney to-day. "It is so provided
in the statutes, also in the ordinance pro
viding for the levy. The sole authority
for raising this money is that act of 1889,
and it provides and limits the use of it
for park and boulevard purposes, and the
lake comf-s within the category of these.
The creditors could not get hold of it."
To Foster Manufactories.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— The Board of
Trade held a meeting this morning and
adopted resolutions requesting the va
rious political parties to pledge their leg
islative candidates to the amendment of
the State constitution in such a manner
that manufacturing enterprises be fos
tered by exemption from municipal tax
ation in incorporated cities.
The committee having under considera
tion the question of the settlement of fail
ures in this city, made here and not in
San Francisco,- was enlarged and given
further time.
Butcher Samson's Case.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— Deputy District
Attorney Moore has announced that he
will not" set a time for the hearing of the
charge against M. M. Samson of supply-
Ing tuberculosis beef to Camp Barrett
soldiers until after next Monday, aince
some of the principal witnesses are now
at Benlcia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
WATER RATES
MAY GO TO
TOP NOTCH
Woodward's Figures
Are Revived.
CHANCE FOR A BIG STAKE
NEW DEAL IS REPORTED TO
HAVE BEEN MADE.
President Dingee Says That if Any
thing Be Contemplated by His
Rival He Is Not
Informed.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 16.
Three months have passed away since
the ordinance fixing water rates as ar
j ranged by Councilman Woodward became
a law, and yet nothing has been done to
enforce it. There is now a report current
that on the Ist of October or at the latest
• the Ist of November Lie new schedule
will go into effect. This Is denied by the
: water companies, but it is just as posi
tively stated by those who claim to know
what they are talking about.
It is declared that the Oakland Water
Company and the Contra Costa Company
have at last arrived at an understanding
whereby water consumers will have to,
comply with all the requirements of the
ordinance that aroused such a storm of
Indignation lust February and which
made Messrs. \\ oodward and Brosnahan
very prominent. For several weeks past
the leading spirits of both companies have
discussed the matter at the Pacific Union
Club in San Francisco, and it l.s now as
?-"!t.<J that while there has been no actual
consolidation a pool hits been formed by
which the high tariff will be put in force
and the prolits mutually divided.
This could have been done on July 1
but for fear of a stampede from one com
pany to another, especially as It was jjen
i rally understood that Woodward derived
his Inspiration from the new company it
X decided not to charge the top notch
i at once. The new company, it is
was willing to use the new schedule
c Contra Costa Company would agree
to accept its customers or to charge
lor a "reconnect," as patrons who
change from one company to another are
called. Directors Whit tier and Prescott
of the old company would not agree to
I, thinking that should the new cor
ny charge the enormous rates there
Id surely be a stampede across the
et. There was somewhat of a stam
s, and the new company lost some
dreds of "disconnects." but not as
ij- as the Contra Costa Company an
mted.
■evident Dingee stopped this incident
>üblicly announcing that he would not
the new ordinance into effect. The
rate, it is understood, would realize
to the two companies about $350,000 a year,
while the Woodward ordinance would
yield a Joint income to the two companies
in the neighborhood of $650,000, or an in
crease of $25,000 a month. Three months
having passed the people have been
paved $75,000, but agreeing to enforce the
new ordinance the combination can still
make over $200,000 before the legal rate
goes out of effect next July.
In this connection It is stated that some
new evidence regarding the water rate
scandal of February has been placed be
fore the Grand Jury. The people handling
the water business commercially a.nd po
litically are not so solid as they were
some months ago. and It would not be
surprising If something sensational were
to develop before this Grand Jury ad
journs sine die.
AY. J. Dingee declares positively that
■ his company does not intend to raise
' water rates" on XovemDer 1 or at all. He
I says he knows nothing of what the other
| company may be contemplating.
MANY PAID BILLS
SAID TO BE ILLEGAL
GRAND JURY ORDERS SUITS TO
BE BROUGHT AT ONCE.
A Report That Involves the Return
of Much Money to the County
Treasury.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— The Grand Jury
caused a surprise this afternoon by filing
a long list of alleged Illegal claims
againHt the county. They were contained
in resolutions directing the District At
torney to bring suit against the parties,
as the amounts had been paid wltho.it
authority of the Supervisors. The re
sponsible people and the amounts are:
Against the estate of Gub Koch, constable,
and the sureties on his bond, for $147 70 for
milt-age and feen. _J
Against William Brophy and his official
bondsmen in Murray Township for $134 86 aa
fines and forfeitures not turned In.
Against Charles J. Bond as assignee of S. B.
Van Dervoort. Constable of Washington Town
ship, for U 20.
Against J. B. Lanktree. assignee of S. B. Van
Dervoort. for $4 20.
Against Haven and Dusterberry, assignee of
George Wales, Constable of Washington Town
ship, for $13 30.
Against F. Falk, assignee of George Walts,
for $15 30.
Against J. B. Lanktree, as assignee of George
Wales, for $60 50.
• Against J. H. Oary. assignee of Constable H.
W Van KapfT of Alameda, for $101 11.
Against John Glllam, assignee of Van Kapff,
for $529 30.
Against B. K. Kranke, assignee of Van Kapff,
for $ti9 20.
Against J. B. Lanktree, assignee of. Van
K»pff, for $224 60.
Against J. H. Cory, assignee of C. M. Day,
Constable of Alameda, for $22 S3.
Against John Oillam, assignee of Constable
C. M. Hay, for $27.
\ gainst J. B. Lanktree, assignee of C. M.
Day, for $7 70.
Against Mrs. Rosa Handler, assignee of C.
M. J>ay, $10 75.
Against Contra Costa Laundry Company, as
signee of Constable J. F. Cronln, for $31 6a.
Against E. Barnett, assignee of Constable
Cronln. for $N5 06.
Against J. B. Lanktree, assignee of Constable
Cronln. for $150 35.
Against J. B. Lanktree, assignee of G. A.
Koch, for $67 75.
Against Bank of Pleasanton, assignee of L.
M Lyster, Constable, for $15 30.
Against Constable C. F. Weldon, for $04 SB
and for $26 60.
Against Justice Fred C. Cllft for $7 50.
Against Constable George Wales for $2 40.
Against Constable J. W. Glaze for $355 30.
Against B. B. Van Devoort for $69 40.
Against Constable Day for $26 05.
J. B. Lanktree, assignee of C. F. Welden, for
$122 15.
J. A. Gallett, Constable of Eden Township,
for $11 85.
M. Oelsenhofer, 65 cents.
Richard Lloyd of Berkeley, 80 cents.
James T. Cushing of Emeryville, $34 55.
Holiness Camp Meeting.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— The camp-meet
ing at Beulah Park closes with the serv
ices of Sunday. The holiness association
has taken a new lease of life, and evan
gelists will go into the field under its aus
pices. The following have beon chosen
officers: George Newton, president; J. B.
Knight, first vice-president; Mrs. M. A.
Reed, second vice-president; C. W. Bron
son, secretary ; John Reagan, treasurer.
Death of Mrs. L. A. Browne.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— Mrs. Lucy Anna
Browne, widow of the late J. Ross
liniwne, died at her home, 438 Edward
street, to-day. She had been ill for some
time. Deceased and her husband both
resided in this vicinity a great many
years. She was a native of Washington,
D. ('., aged 73 years.
Mabel Henley Found.
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— Mabel Henley,
the girl who wandered from her home at
027 Slyrtle street last Wednesday, has
been accounted for. She had been sick
for a short time and thoughtlessly wan
dered away, but happily called at a
friend's home, where she remained tem
porarily.
BARRACKS AND
MORE HOSPITAL
ROOM DEMANDED
General Millerto Make
a Recommendation.
AN IMPORTANT RENDEZVOUS
THE CONDOR SAILS WITH SUP
PLIES FOR MANILA TO-DAY.
Judge Mogan Takes Occasion to
Score the Tennesseeans for Their
Frequent Disturbances
of the Peace.
With the possibility that the troops now
at the Presidio may remain there for the
winter, the approach of the rainy season
raises a serious question as to the proper
care of the men. General Miller stated
yesterday that he would be forced to
move some of the First Washington out
of their barracks to make more room for
the division hospital and that barracks
fur the troops would soon be a necessity,
as It was not fair to the men to keep them
In tents during the winter. "As soon as
General Merriam returns, if the troops are
not to go to Honolulu, I shall recommend
the building of a hospital that will ac
commodate 500 beds," said he. "It is evi
dent that since we have annexed Hawaii
and may hold the Philippines San Fran
clsco is to be the rendezvous tur all troops
as well as for the sick soldiers. 1 shall
also advise the building of additional bar
racks for the men, lor they will be
needed.
It has been decided that the seventeen
men to be sent to join their regiments at
Manila cannot go on the Condor, as she
is a freight steamer and has no arrange
ments for carrying passengers. General
Miller has telegraphed fur puwer to send
these men on tne Coptic, which sails to
day. If this is granted him the men will
go by way of Hongkong, at an expense of
*130 for each soldier. They will be under
the command of Second Lieutenant L.
Gilbreth of the Fourteenth Infantry, who
goes to join his regiment. The quarter
master of the Third Battalion of the
Twenty-third Infantry has been ordered
to supply the men with the necessary
clothing.
General Miller issued an ord^r yesterday
for all the prisoners in the various camps
who were not needed for the police duty
of their own camps tv report to Lieuten
ant Watson, Twentieth Kansas, at 9
o'clock this morning for duty, are
to do construction work on the big sewer
being built back of the Kansas camp.
Private Harry Ganet. Company M,
Twenty-third Infantry, died at the divi
sion hospital yesterday of typhoid fever.
The resignation of First Lieutenant A.
H. Mcßoberts, Company E, Fifty-tirst
lowa Regiment, has been handed into
General Miller, and will no doubt be ac
cepted. No reason Is assigned for the of
ficer's resignation, but it is generally un
derstood that It has been brought about
by Inefficiency. _
There ta a possibility that the Sixth
California Regiment may be mustered out
here, after all. It is said that Governor
Budd has changed his views, and is now
willing to have the regiment mustered
out in San Francisco.
On the 2Sth of this month Major Gen
eral W. H. Graham will be retired by the
War Department because of the age limit
law. It is generally understood that Gen
eral Miller will be made a permanent
brigadier. Graham is the only artillery
officer since the war who has been made
a general officer, and it Is highly proba
ble that the artillery will be recognized
in the appointment of General MlUer.
His appointment as a brigadier or major
general In the regular service will give
complete satisfaction to the entire army,
and, besides, he is recognized as one of
the most efficient and brilliant officers.
General Miller will be retired next March.
Colonel Babcock, who will arrive here
from Manila on the steamer China on or
about the 21st, is to resume his former
position of adjutant general of the De
partment of California.
The Seventh California has started a
subscription for the widow of Henry
Hllderbrand, who was killed by Walter
Rosser, the young Tenne^st" soldier. The
men expect to raise between $200 and $3UO,
and their example will probably be fol
lowed by other regiments.
Quite a number of young men of the
Seventh California propose to go to Ma
nila as private citizens immediately after
being mustered out, their Intention being
to engage in business there.
SCORES TENNESSEEANS.
Judge Mogan Dismisses the
Case of a Colored Barber,
Who Drew a Revolver
in Self- Defense.
Judge Mogan paid his respects yester
day to the Tennessee soldiers who made
themselves conspicuous Tuesday night, by
dismissing a case in which George Nor
man, a colored barber, was charged with
assault with a deadly weapon.
The evidence showed that Norman
Tuesday night went into the Klondlko
saloon, 406 Dupont street, which is almost
opposite his ahop, with one of his men
to have a drink. While there he was
abused and insulted by a number of Ten
nessee soldiers, and one of them drew
a knife and forced him out of the sa
loon to the sidewalk, where he was again
attacked with the knife. Norman pulled
a revolver out of his pocket to defend
himself and pointed it at the soldier who
ran away. Policeman Helns arrived on
the scene and placed Norman under ar
rest.
In dismissing the case, the Judge said:
It is a shame and a disgrace the way the
rough elemt-nt In the Tennessee regiment is
behaving. I know there are a great many good
men among them, but the actions of Pome
have shown that there are a great number of
ruffians. They seem to have a special aversion
to colored cltissens and imagine that they have
the privilege of attacking colored men and
abusing them wherever they meet them In
dismissing this case I will state to this de
fendant, who is a colored man, and to all
colored citizens of the City and County O f San
Francisco, that it is their right to protect
themselves against assaults made upon them
by such ruffians in uniform. If any colored
citizen who has been attacked will present a
complaint to me, I will Issue a warrant for the
arrest of any soldier attacking him without
right, and If It is shown on the hearing of the
cause the attack is not Justified and the only
reason for the attack is that the man as
saulted is a colored man, I will deal severely
with the offender.
DEMUR TO THE CONTEST.
Proponents of Adolph Sutro's "Will
Ask That It Be Probated.
A demurrer to the contest to the appli
cation to admit the will of the late Adolph
Sutro was filed yesterday by Mrs Dr
Emma L. Merritt and W. R. H. Adamson,
proponents of the instrument. In audition
to the statements that the contest of
Edgar E. Sutro does not state facts suf
ficient to constitute a causa of action, the
proponents hold in the demurrer that
many counts in the contest are ambiguous
and that others are vague: that it does
not state what delusion the testator was
laboring under or what person or persons
exerted undue influence over the dead
capitalist and caused him to dispose of his
property in a manner contrary to the
wishes he entertained prior to exertion of
the interested parties. The proponents
in consequence, ask that the contest be
dismissed, that the will be declared valid
and admitted to probate pursuant to the
prayer of the petition filed by the pro
ponents.
Coroner to Investigate.
OAKLAND Sept. 16.— Coroner Baldwin
will Inquire into the sudden death of a
girl baby which occurred this morning at
the home of its father, Louis Varland. of
Charming way, Berkeley. The child had
received no medical attention prior to
death. It Is said that about a year ago
a four-year-old child of the same family
died under similar neglectful circum
stances.
. ADVERTISEMENTS. .
®0— »••— — Q99&&99999&9
X Columbus discovered America — tut M
*> I have discovered BATTLE AX I ft
Mi There is a satisfied— glad I've got it — expression on X
* i the faces of all who discover the rich quality of s|?
ft It is an admirable chew fit for art Admiral. ©
In no other way can you get as, large a piece of as good §
5 an admirable chew fit for an Admiral.
ther way can you get a? large a piece of as good :
tobacco — for 10 cents* y-
1 Remember the name 2
i fl v when you buy again. I
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NEW ZEALAND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AUCKLAND, NEW ZEALAND, O.«
the 21st day of December, A. D. 1?37, and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the, Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
fX^c< - CAPITAL. [ -
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,336,850 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 155,425 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 410,936 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 203,374 00
Cash In oompany's office ■'.'. 1,060 00
Cash in banks 152,283 00
Interest . due and accrued on . all
stocks and loans 7.843 00
Premiums in due course of collection 217,499 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken :
, for fire and marine risks..... ... 4,500 00
Rents due and accrued..:....; .4,U S 00
Total assets $2,403,888 00
LIABILITIES. ..
Losses In process of adjustment or
In suspense $190,855 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $898,219 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 449,109 00
Gross premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent 151,400 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 36,578 00
Total liabilities $827,942 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for lire
premiums $827,010 00
Net cash actually received for ma- _
rine premiums 590,997 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 84,914 00
Received for rents 69.293 00
Total Income ...........'. $1,512,214 00
EXPENDITURES. .
Net amount paid for fire losses (In-
cluding losses of previous years).. $491,606 00
Net amount paid for marine losses _
(Including losses of previous years).. 582,388 00
Dividends to stockholders 137,500 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 89,521 00
Paid for ■ salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 198,613 00
Paid for State, national and local . v
taxes ....• 13,333 00
All other payments and expenditures. 135.657 00
Total expenditures $1,601,852 00
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year...... $1,074,193 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
N^d« 0 SS tt g O the"l^f!!: $183,391,197 $1,089,097 00
N ;ireTdSrin» f the'y 9 ea": 174.080,018 1,071,817 00
O . rCe - De : 151,270.489 898,219 00
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
te At amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $117,457,175 $785,055 00
Vi-t amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 119,967,634 808,696 00
Npt amount In force De-
cember 31, 1897.. ■■■...... 24.539.454 .151.400 00
J LOGAN CAMPBELL,' Chairman. '
F. J. BRASSY, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of April, 1898. F. DILLINGHAM.
* . United States Consul.
W. P. THOMAS, Manager,
: UNITED STATES BRANCH,
Office in Company's Building,
312 CALIFORNIA STREET
BAN FRANCISCO.
.■ ■ ■ ■ •
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S o««t
j*s£a Museum of Anatomy
fpwlV 105: IiiBIZT ST. feet 6tk 4 7th, B. F. C«i-
$ ?! h Tbc L * r * est ° f >ts uad in u •' w!d -
VJp!&\ D r - JORDAN— Private Diseases
HIVTWH Ccnmlta-.lnn free. Write Jl»r Book
Ml Philosophy of W Marriage.
• li MAILED FREE.
•"""V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Ar.«jß 625 KEABKY ST. Established
ffiPfPTßnln 1*54 for the treatment of Private
JK ifti-WU Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
KwwiW» disease we.'wlngoubody»nrtinlndaird
VMfffgfFlfli Skin Diseases. The doctorcurei" when
c%«l others fall. Try him. Charges low.
K^fgj Cnrrinaraiilfrd. Call or write.
Dr. J. I". UIBBOII, BOX 1937, San Francisco.
GalLsl.so per Year
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
J^ _ Steamers leave Broadway
?m»b«w^ wharf, Pan Francisco:
EWwSBtJV For Alaskan ports, 10 a, m.,
: l^^3©BB»k Sept. 8 - 8, 13. IS 23, 2S, October
1 Klßiwl s - transfer at Seattle.
KBftvUH For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
faaSTVtgfßßi c.), Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett, Anacnrtes
an( New Whateom (Wash), 10
**" a. m.. Sept. 3. 8, 13, IS, 23, 2S,
October 3 and every fifth day thereaftsr.
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N.
P Rv at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 10 a. m , Sept.
6, 1°; .21. 26, October. l. and every fifth day
tl Fnr* Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
CaVucos. Port Harfor* (San . Luis Oblspo),
Gnvlota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro" - East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Sept. 2. 6 10. 14, IS, 22. 26,
80 Oct 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m Sept. 4. 8. 12.. 16. 20, 24, 23, Oct. 2, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenadn. Magdalenaßay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., 18th of every
m For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* of •lalllne.
TICKET IDFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 A. M.
CADE $12 First Class ' Including Berths
In ML $8 Second Class. and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Sept. 16, 25
Geo. W. Elder Sept. 19, 28
Columbia... ••••• ..Sept. 22, Oct. 1
St. Paul * $16 00 St. Louis $28 35
Kansas City 26 00 Chicago .'24 00
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
• 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Compagnle Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's pier (new) 42 North j». ttato
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <f"t (Firs
by - this line avoid both transit by ~»**&i=*2*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $140;
second class, $116. j
LA NORMANDIE .....Sept. 24, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE Oct. 1. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE .......Oct. 8. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 15, 10 a. m.
LA NAVARRE ........Oct. 22, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE. TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
;; ;■- No. 3 Bowling . Green, New York.
J. F. FUCAJn * CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. . . '
fijJ3T"Ql¥«iysL Fa " 8 S. Honolulu only
3Sljyinßß* Fa!ls for Honolulu only
•X* r " a "" w Saturday, September 24,
v _» .. at 2p. m.
O«/^L*r\ The S. S. ALAMEDA
AW'Jiln'vlinJ Balls vla Honolulu and
O)lCaiilj!uU 1 -' Auckland {or Sydney
(OfTlF)9Rfcl~ Wednesday. October 5.
\vnt|vviwi n j 2 a. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPB
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
■■ ... 114 Montgomery st,
Freight offtce — 327 Market St.. Ran Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJoT
>f£&A> Steamer "Monticello." :'.'i' v <
Sinn., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat ..,
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier 1
: ■ Telephone Red 2241.
TAKE TilE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay street Wharf. Fare 75c.
Delightful Bay Trip, 44 miles and return.
On Sundays. Excursion. $1. :.,'■ .. ■ ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-*7:2P, »9::0. 11:00 a. m.; «1:45,
8:45, B:lo, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— *%m, •10:00. . »U:SO a. m.: »l:15,
8:00, *4:SO, 6:16 p. m. . >
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— I':2S. •6:35. 1 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
•12:20. 2:20. »3:45, 6:05 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. m. ..
SUNDAYS— '10:00. 11:55 a. m.; 1:15,
i •3:10, 4:40.. »6:20 p. m. ; . .
■ Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 8:45. 7:55, 9:40 a. m.; 12:55.
2:45, 3:50, 6:20 p. m. - . . - .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. in.: 12:05. 1:20. 3:20.
5:00, 6:20 p. m. - * ' . •
■■:■■ -'-:■' - THROUGH TRAINS."
7:10 a. m. week Cazadero and way eta'ns.
1:45 p. m Saturdays— v Mills and way
: Stations.' :V.."> >;.':■ . ■ •' ,: ' •-,..■■.''- • ..  .. :>.
8: a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way eta' a.
RAELROAD TRAVEL.
SOCTHKRir I'AiIKIC CO.IIPANT.
- •;.. ' (PACiriC SVSTKM.)
Tmlnt Ifair mid lire tine to nrrlve at ■/
KAN llt4S('ll«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lea vu : — From Sept. 10, 1898. — arrive
•6:60 a Niles. San Jose and Way Stations... •Si4sa
7:00 a Benlcla, Sujrud and Sacramento.... 10:43 a
7:00 a MaryETiUe, OroTflleuid Redding Tia '
Woodland 3:45*
7:00 a Klmira, Vacaville and Enmsey 8:-i3jr
7:SVa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nap*, ■ ' '
Calistoga and Santa Rosa :...' - 6tl-Vr
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpreaa, Ugdnn and (Cast.. 8:45p ■
>:UOa San Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, MarytiTille,
Chico, Tehama and Red liinflf.... 411!»4 1 1 !» r
8:80* Peters, Oakdale and Jamestown....- 7tl»p
•»»80a MUton nilßp
OiOUa New Orleans ICxpreaa, Merced, Kreft- - ,- -,
no, liakcrsllelil, .Santa Itarliara. . I •
I.Ms Annies, DemlnK, El Paso,
New Orleans and Rant 6i4!»p
10:00 a Vallejo, Martinei and Way Stations 7:4.1p
•l:OOp Sacramento Itivcr Steamers *1»:«M»p
1 :0«p Niles. San Jose and War Stations ... 1 1 14 5 a
...'.*... San Jose, Mies and Way Stations. . . J Utl 5a
«:OOp LlTermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Visalia 4ilsp
LiTermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
' Stations 110:19 a
Martinez, flan llanioti, Vallejo.
Napa. Calistoga, El Verano and
Santa »:11»
4:00p Benitia, VacaTille, Woodland.
Knights Landing. Mar jsTille, Oro- .
Tillo mi. l SacraMioiito 10:454
4i3OpNHeg. Ban Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7:1 .
4:30 - Stockton and Lodi 18:13*
4: SOp Lathrop, Modesto, Fresno. McjaTe,
Santa liarbara and l.c* Angeles 7i45a
4:30p Martinez. Merced (Raymond for
Yosemite, Monday, Wednesday
and Friday) and Fresno IS:ISp
4i!lor Santa Fa Route. Atlantic Kxprea*
for Moja»e and Rast 6:4!»p
0:OOp Knropeau Mail, Ogaen and ICact. ... 9i4» A I
•6:00 Va11ej0..... 1 8 : 1 5 p
6:OOp Havwiuiln. Niks and San Jose 7i45a
:7:OOp Vallejo, Port CoeU and Way Sta-
tions .' {9t45 r
8:* Op Oregon Sacramento, Marys, '; ''--
..;.: Tllle. Re.l.lliig. Portlaml. rugei
t Hound and H »t 8:15 a
SAX LKAMiICO AM) lI A YWA UPS LOCAL. '
- (Foot of Market Street.) ■
Jlelrone, Seminary I'nrh, ( ,
8:OOa KJtclihnrK, Elnihnmt, ,»A :I .iJ*
<9:O0a San Loamlro, South San ,X s 12 A
lO.OOa Leßii.irO, I>tu,liiio,
1:OOa Loreaio, Cherry ■ a,\ll
:i2:oo M and il'Hl
O:OOp Howards. ' %$&
7 '" or i Rung througb to NliM. , 7«43»
J t From Nlles. [ . .. .
COAST IllVlslON (Narrow (Jaujre).
(Foot of Market Street.)
}7:43 a Santa Oruz Kxcuniion, Santa Cruz *
and Principal Way Stations - }8:O3p
8:15 a Newark.Centerrille.San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, San Oruz and Way - - j
• Stations S:3op
•2:15p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal -Way
Stations '10:304
- 4:13p Ban Jose, wood 4 Way Stations OiSOa
a4:!3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz jt»:8OA
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Trow SIS mtiCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)— .- ; - '■
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:flO *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 1 5.0Q • •6:03 p.m.
rromOlKUHD— foot •rßroidwaj.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.M. .
• U2:00 •lib ■-■ t3:53 ■ *3:00 tl:03 'S^Or.M.
' COAST DIVISION (Broad «aus;e).
(Third and Towngend BU.)
*7:00 a Ran .lose ivixl Way SUtloim (New
Alinadeu Wednesdays only) liSOp
{7i3Oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, l'seitic Grove and
Principal Way Stations }8:83p
9:OOa Han .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa Oust, :~,.'X'J : '
Pacific (Jrofe, Paso llnbles, Han
Luis Oblspo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal War Stations 4:IOr
IO:40a San Jose and Way Stations *9:00 a
I1:8Oa San J«ee and Way Stations »8:33 a
•«:4.1p San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San .lose, .
Gilroy, Holllster, HAiita Cm*,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacifio
Orote • *l O:3fl a
•. •a:SOp San Jose and Way Stations *»:OOa,
•4llSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Station* 6:33 a
3i3Or Sail Joae an.l Prino!|>al Way Stations 5:8«P
0::iOr San Jo3f) and Way Stations 7:S«»P
t11:45r San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. ■ '■ 1* for Afternoon.
• HiunlayK excepteii. } Sunday only. ■ * Satiirilay* only
j Sundays and Mondays. a BarnrfJ»yi ami Snnil»rn
«N FRARCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St. • '
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL. .
w^n K r 5 I S - 7:30 - 9:0 2< 11:Q0 a. m.;. 12:35.
«i Vi Xo> 6:30 I" m - ThurFdays-Extra trip
and ii-ao ' m " Saturdays Extra tri » s at 1:59 ■
B V-AO D^T ft S ~* :0 °- 9:3 °- 11:0 ■*• m -:- *** 2:80,
: 6:00, 6:20 p. m. ' . ■
Tr-i4 A J 4 T^ A yE AErj " ro SAN FRANCISCO.'-.
\ E I X DAYS-6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:4 °- 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
• 5:00, 6:25 p. m. . ■
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave j Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.-
— — June 29, —
Week Sun- 1898, Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.'
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am B:4o am
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:10 i>m, 10:2." am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, -
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton, . . t". * "
( Geyservllle,
2:3opm 8:00 am] Cloverdale. : 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
B:3opm 8:00 am Ukiah. . 7:35 pm 6:22pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
6:lopm 6:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am . Sevastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:3opm | 5:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlle, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at t'kiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley's Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, j
Hullville, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
. Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg,
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe Route 1
THE BEST KAIL WAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
flrery Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cap*
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Ran on the Following' Time I \ [■
fc/eave Ban Francisco. 4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.^
Arrive Denver 6:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive* Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W. .-i
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.B.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS \
Servo Superior Meals at Very Roasoa»
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
19 You Travel on the Santa P%,
HI FBAICISCQ TICKET OFFICE — 628 MARKET XI.?
TELEPHONE MAIN 1533.
Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway. '
F Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street. ;v:; v :
; Ban Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara SW
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. ■
. From June 1, 18D8, -ulna will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. ■":' • J Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily. •
7:20 arm 9:00 am Stockton 8:45 pm 5:40 pro
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pra
10:40 am 3:sopm Fresno 9:3oam 2:2opm &
11:35 am 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am I:2spm
2Mspm U:£opm Bakorsfleld 2:3oam 10: 15 am
12:05 pm 7:sopm Vlsalla 6:4o ami 12 :55pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com'
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at I
p. m. daily, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco: at Merced with stages to and from
Snellinira, Coulterville, Yosemite. etc.; also
with stage from , Hornitos, Mariposa, etc. ; at
Lankershim with stage to and from Madera. ,-; I
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY. i
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) '
Leave San - Francisco, ' commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11. 1893:
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m..
-Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, »1.
THOS. COOK & SON, Agent*, 621 Mark*
■treet. ; Saa Francisco.
1112
PUTS QUESTIONS
TO THE COURT
Fratricide Clark Raises
Objections.
OPPOSED TO A RESENTENCE
ASKS IF JUDGE HAM BELIEVES
IN THE ALMIGHTY.
Prisoner's Catechism Is Ignored and
He Is Doomed to Die on the
Gallows a Month
Hence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, Sept 16.— "D0 you believe In
Almighty God? Do you believe it is
right for one man to take the life of
another?"
These questions directed to Judge E.
D. Ham came in trembling accents
from the lips of the St. Helena fratri
cide, George W. Clark, this morning in
the Superior Court just before the sen
tence of death was passed upon him for
the second time.
At 10 o'clock court was called to order
and Clark brought into the court room.
The prisoner appeared stouter than
when in Napa before, although his in
carceration in San Quentin had left an
unhealthy pallor on his countenance.
He was attended by his counsel, Henry
Hogan, who, when the case was called,
entered a vigorous protest and objec
tion against the resentencing. His ob
jection was overruled and the court re
quested Ciark stand and was about
to proceed with the reading of the
death sentence when Attorney Hogan
again interrupted, stating that the
prisoner had something to say before
he was sentenced to die. dfcrk slowly
arose from his chair, advanced a few
steps and addressed the court as fol
lows:
"I want to ask you a few questions
before I state my reasons why the
sentence of death should not be passed
upon me. First, do you believe In Al
mighty God?"
This abrupt question in faltering,
stuttering accents but so clear that all
In the courtTOO-j could hear, surprised
the listeners. Judge Ham answered
promptly that he did not care to dis
cuss religious matters at that time and
asked the prisoner if he had anything
else to say. Clark then asked:
•'Do you believe it is right for one
man to take the life of another man?"
"Have you anything else to say?" re
sponded the Judge, ignoring the ques
tion.
"Yes," said Clark, "my objections to
being sentenced to death are, first, that
It is contrary to the law of God; sec
ond, that it is contrary to the laws of
the United States and of California to
place a man's life in jeopardy who has
an insane mind. I want you to ap
point some authority to examine ray
mind. I want to go to St. Helena be
fore returning to San Quentin to sco
the grave of my brother and to visit
some friends."
Clark hesitated a moment and then
sat down. The Judge then proceeded
with the sentence, finishing with the
fateful words that "on Friday, the 21st
of October, 189S, between the hours of
sunrise and noon, you be taken by the
warden of San Quentin and hanged by
the n<-ck until you are dead, and may
God have mercy on your soul."
The Judge then added in kindly
tones:
"It is not In my power to grant your
requests, even if I wanted to. You are
in the hands of the Sheriff. That is
all."
Clark was then led from the court
room and the next case on the docket
called.
RESPONSIBILITY NOT PLACED.
Coroner's Jury Inquires Into the
Death of Miss Blanehard.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— The Coroner's
Jury sworn to inquire into the cause of
the death of Miss Emilie A. Blanehard,
who died from injuries received in a rail
road accident at Alum Rock Park last
Sunday, brought in a verdict at S o'clock
yesterday evening.
There was a long discussion and much
doubt as to whether the management of
the road should be held responsible for
the accident. As the jury could not satis
factorily settle this question, the verdict
simply recites the cause of death.
A civil action is now being considered
by the family of Miss Blanehard.
CADWALLADER IN COURT.
Alleged Indiana Embezzler Arraigned
STOCKTON. Sept. Charles Cadwal
lader. alias Wilber, was up before Justice
Parker at 2 o'clock to-day for an exam
ination on the charge of embezzlement, in
having absconded with funds of the Citi
zens" Bank of Union City, Intl. His at
torney objected to the proceedings on the
ground that the complaint did not declare
the defendant to be a fugitive from jus
tice. The objections were overruled by
Justice Parker. The defendant was im
mediately arraigned and the preliminary
examination begun. Sheriff Simmons of
Indiana testified that there were seven
teen indictments against the accused. The
examination is still in progress.
RANDALL NOT GUILTY.
Eureka Banker Acquitted on the
Embezzlement Charge.
EUREKA, Sept. IC— The jury in the
case of A. W. Randall, ex-president of
the Randall Banking Company, charged
with felony embezzlement brought in a
verdict to-day of gUi.ty. Randall was
accused of having appropriated $500
placed in his care by Mrs. Floy Blndsile
This was his third trial on this charge
the jury having disagreed. There are
Btill two indictments against Randall in
connection with the Rar.uall Bank fail
ure, but it is not thought he will be
brought to trial.
Plea for Searcey's Life.
SAN BERNARDINO, Sept. IC.-A peti
tion is being circulated asking Governor
Budrl to commute the sentence of Louis
J. Bearcejr, who is now in prison in San
Quentin for the murder of Joseph Ott. 110
•was convicted in 189fi, an appeal to the
Supremo Court failed last June and he
was re-sentenced to be hanged on Octo
ber 7 by Judge Oster. The petition,
Larked by the indorsement of Judee Os
ter, asks that life imprisonment be sub
stitut< (1 f ( ,r d.ath. The grounds are that
the defendant's case was improperly
handled and that the evidence was purely
circumstantial, the main point being the
identification of certain footprints in
loose desert sand as Seareey's.
Stanford Class Election.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Sept. 16.-
The class of '00 met to-day and elected
the following officers for the ensuing
semester: President, Frank Adams; first
vice president, F. J. Perry; second vice
president. W. 11. Dickson; secretary, H
S. Patterson; treasurer, Alfred Heslach
er; football manager. F. R Rraden; base
ball manager, A. Heslacher; sergeant at
arms, H. R. White. The class adopted
the junior "plug."
Senator Poraker writes about the
control and trade of our new colonies,
in next Sunday's Call.
BEAR'S OFFICERS
GET VACATIONS
Well-Earned Rests Will
Be Taken.
SOME CHANGES IN PROSPECT
ASSIGNMENTS TO DUTY ON THE !
EASTERN COAST.
Future of the Men Who Led the Re
lief Expedition to the Whalers
Ice - Bound in the
Arctic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. 16.— Orders
have been received from the Treasury
Department at Washington by Captain
Tuttle of the revenue cutter Bear con
cerning several of the officers who have
just returned from a nine months'
cruise on a relief expedition to the im
prisoned whalers in the Arctic.
Second Lieutenant John G. Berry,
who has been on the Pacific Coast
three and a half years, will enjoy a
short but well earned vacation. He has
been detached from the Bear and re
quested to communi-ate with the de
partment after he arrives at his home
in Portland, Me. He will likely be as
signed to duty on the Atlantic coast.
First Lieutenant D. H. Jarvis and
Second Lieutenant E. P. Bertholf, who
successfully led the overland expedi
tion to Point Barrow, were ordered to
San Francisco to settle accounts with
the Llebes Company and others from
whose agents supplies were obtained in
the far north. These two men have al
ready started for San Francisco. Dr. S.
J. Call, who accompanied the overland
expedition, has been given a month's
leave of absence and will go to his Cal
ifornia home.
Dr. E. \V. Woodruffs, whose services
were tendered the Government by The
Call, and who was assigned to duty on
the Bear during the absence of Dr.
Call, has been honorably discharged
and will leave for San Francisco.
Second Lieutenant Claude S. Cochran
received orders to report for duty at
New York. However, he prefers the
Pacific Coast, and is now in comuni
cation with the department, hoping to
be located on one of the cutters sta
tioned on this coast.
As Assistant Engineer H. N. Wood
has been doing duty on the Pacific
for three and a half years, he rather ex
pects to be transferred to the East.
During the far-famed cruise north
Lieutenants Berry and Bertholf acted
as special correspondents of The Call
and they have given the public authen
tic and eagerly looked for news con
cerning the humane expedition. En
gineer Wood was The Call's photog
rapher and secured some valuable
views.
HAS NOT HEARD FROM MADDEN
Wife of the Modoc Defaulter Denies a
Published Statement.
BTOCKTON, Sept. 16.— The wife of
Mndden, the defaulting County Treasurer
i of Modoc County, resides in this city with
1 her mother. To an Associated Press re
i porter, in relation to the published state
ment that his whereabouts in Peru had
been discovered by detectives correspond
ing with his wife, through Attorney
! Stewart of Alturas. Modoc County, Mrs.
Madden said to-day:
"I have not heard from him since he
left. The first 1 knew of his where
abouts was what I read In the papers.
If he sent Mr. Stewart any message for
me It was not delivered. It was openly
charged that he left Mr. Stewart money
to be given to us, though we never ac
cused Mr. Stewart. We would not have
taken the money anyway."
Mrs. Madden has four children and has
had a hard struggle since her husband
I absconded a year ago lam July.
ATTEMPT TO FIRE
HOTEL KESWICK
Incendiary Rampant in a
Mining Town.
FLAMES QUICKLY SUBDUED
WORK OF CITIZENS PREVENTS A
CONFLAGRATION.
Lumber in the Rear of the Hostelry
Saturated With Kerosene Be
fore the Torch Was
Applied.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, Sept. 16.— An attempt to
fire the Hotel "eswick was made last
night at 10 o'clock. A lumber pile at
the rear of the big structure had been
drenched with kerosene and the torch
applied. Flames shot into the air,
lighting the surrounding buildings and
alarming the citizens. By quick work
the flames were subdued before the fire
was communicated to the hotel. The
damage done was slight.
An Investigation developed the fact
that an incendiary had gained access
to the rear porch of the hotel and car
ried the contents of a large coal oil
tank a few steps to the lumber pile,
saturating it thoroughly with the com
bustible fluid and also drenching the
rear wall of the hotel. Had the match
been applied at a later hour the Hotel
Keswick, the McCormlck-Saeltzer Com
pany's branch store and the Mountain
Miner office could not have been saved.
It is even likely that the whole town
would have been destroyed.
An attempt was made earlier in the
evening to lire the big Mulligan board
ing-house belonging- to the Mountain
Copper Company. Kerosene was liber
ally used in this case. The attempt was
frustrated by the timely discovery of
the blaze and the admirable discipline
of the company's fire department.
A former night clerk of the Hotel
Keswick was arrested on suspicion, but
was promptly liberated on furnishing
an alibi.
By reason of the large number of fires
in the town insurance premiums have
reached an extravagant figure. Many
policies have been canceled and a num
ber of the largest companies have with
drawn their agencies. The situation
confronting the people there Is of the
utmost gravity and there >js talk of or
ganizing a vierilance committee to rid
the town of objectionable characters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1«98.
TWO SAN FRANCISCO SWEET SINGERS.
THE WATERMAN SISTERS, Who Will Make Their Debut
in "The Coast Guard" at the Grand
Opera-House.
► The production at Morosco's of "The Coast Guard" on Monday even
> ing will witness the initial appearance of two San Francisco favorites
- in the world of song, the Waterman sisters, who constitute a unique and
■ pleasing duo, possessing deep contralto voices which blend so harmo
niously as to make perfect melody. •
They are to appear in the fourth act. The assurance that their
- songs will not pall upon their hearers is the fact that the effect of their
■ singing Is much the same as that produced by rich male voices, a qual
ity of attraction the thinner feminine tones do not possess. They are
■ especially pleasing in the plantation melodies of the South, which they ren
■ der in an entirely original way, serving to bring out a rare trumpet ef
- feet, when not pitched to their softer musical tones.
Aside from their musical talent nature has endowed them with attrac
■ tive personalities, and that most essential quality, pleasing magnetism.
• Their numbers at the Grand will doubtless enthuse the audiences.
OUT FROM THE
JAWS OF THE
FROZEN NORTH
Three Whaling Cap
tains Home Again.
THEY HAD A NARROW ESCAPE
THE CALL EXPEDITION SAVED
MANY LIVES.
No Truth in the Report That Captain
Mason of the Whaling Tender
Jennie Had Gone Out of
His Mind.
Three captains from the whaling fleet
arrived In the city yesterday. They are:
Captain A. C. Sherman of the wrecked
steam whaler Orca, Captain W. P. 8.
Porter of the wrecked steamer Jessie H.
Freeman and Captain E. \V. Newth of
the Jeanette. Tho latter vessel only left
here last year, but the Orea and Free
man were among the fleet that was frozen
in. Both vessels got nipped in the Ice
and went down.
Captain Newth brings the news that
Captain Leavltt, who went north in the
Mary D. Hume and afterward trans
ferred to the Newport, took the tender
Thrasher when she went north and has
gone whaling in her. Captain Snow of the
Thrasher has taken the Newport and will
bring her to San Francisco. Both the
Newport and Jennie will stop at the can
neries and bring down loads of salmon.
In regard to the reported trouble on the
Bear Captain Newth says: "Captain
Tuttle was far too lenient with the
whalers. There were 10S in our crowd,
and they had to be divided into watches
in order to keep the decks clear. When
one watch was below the other was on
deck, but when there was a little work
to do the whalers refused to do it. They
wouldn't shovel coal, they wouldn't make
sail: and, in fact, wouldn't do anything.
The only thing left for the captain to do
was to put them in irons. Had it been
my business I'd have fed them on bread
and water.
"The story that Captain Mason of the
Jennie had gone crazy was made out of
whole cloth. He was never even on tho
sick list, and is navigating his vessel to
S;in Francisco at the present time. Some
one out of pure cussedness must have
started that story."
"Had It * not boon for the wrecked
whaler Navarch and the arrival of The
Call relief expedition fully 10 per cent of
the frozen-in whalers would have died,"
said Captain Sherman yesterday. "The
Navarch was wrecked in' an Arctic storm,
you will remember," continued the cap
tain, "and many of her crew were
drowned. No one ever expected to see
the hull again, but one day it came
drifting past Point Barrow, and out of
it we got 3SO sacks of flour. There were
I just two of those sacks left when the
Bear arrived, and then the men had only
been getting a four-inch square of bread
every twenty-four hours for a month. The
Bear reached Point Barrow on the 28th and
the Jeanette came In the next day, so we
were well provided after that. It is to
be hoped that the Government will suit
ably remember Lieutenant Jarvis, as his
journey across the Arctic wilds was a
most perilous one."
The ~eanette secured two whales and
over 8000 pounds of trade bone during the
i short time she was out, so Captain Newth
did remarkably well. In regard to the
: man Nicholas who was shot in the leg
! while trying to desert. Captain Newth
said yesterday: "The Jeanette was at
I Port "Clarence, and there was a con
spiracy got up among the men to desert
in a body and go to the gold mines.
Nicholas was the first to try to get away,
and I began firing at him, more to scare
the others than with any Intention of hit
tin- the man. One of the balls ricochet
ed and struck him in the leg. and that is
all there wns to it. In eight days he was
I all right again and risked for his dis
; charge. I took him aboard the Bear and
told captain Tuttle what he wanted, and
Captain Tuttle gave him his discharge.
He is now among the gold hunters at
Pc-irt Clarence."
The gunboat Eennington came down
from Mare Island yesterday and the Mo
hican went up. The gunboat was to have
sailed for Honolulu at 2 p. m., but did
not pet away until hours later. She will
relieve the Philadelphia, which will come
back to San Francisco for an overhaul
ing. The Mohican, after being docked and
repaired, will go to Samoa.
The Merchants' Exchange yesterday
received telegraphic news that the Brit
ish bark Anamba from Liverpool for
Honolulu has rut into Montevideo with
hej: wheel carried away and otherwise
damaged. The crew was sick.
The bark Martha Davis arrived from
Hllo yesterday, and Captain Friis reports
that on the 14th inst. he sighted a four
musted, six topgallant yard ship painted
lead color In latitude 3S north longtlude
125 west. This was probably the British
fhip Matterhorn, now out HO days from
Newcastle, Eng., for San Francisco.
EISFELDT VS. EISFELDT.
A Suit for Divorce Which. Has Two
Sides to It.
ALAMEDA. Sept. 16.— Mrs. Annie E.
Eisfeldt, formerly of 1533 Schiller street,
this cuy, has brought suit for a ulvorce
from her husband, Theodore A. Eisfeldt,
the bookkeeper of a San Francisco busi
ness house. In her complaint Mrs. Eis
feldt alleges cruelty, and tells a harrow-
Ing tale of the reasons why she demands
a legal separation from her liege lord.
The Elsfeldta have been married six
years and have had two children, only
one of whom is now living. For several
years they have resided at the Schiller
street house, which was the property of
Mr. Eisfeldt. During the past fortnight
there have been rumors afloat in the
neighborhood that all was not happy in
the Eisfeldt household. These rumors
culminated on Friday night last, when at
midnight Mr. Eisfeldt removed the furni
ture from the house with tne aid of an
expressman, put it in a warehouse and
went to live with nis parents in this city.
Mrs. Eisfeldt, it was reported, had gone
witn her child to San Francisco.
Day before yesterday Mrs. Eisfeldt tiled
a suit for divorce, the trial of which will
make public all the troubles of the little
family, since her husband does not pro
pose to rest under the stigma of having
treated his wife cruelly, but will fight the
case to the end.
It is reported that Eisfeldt will file a
cross-complaint, in which r>» will ask for
a divorce on statutory grounds, and will
name a prominent lawyer in San Fran
cisco as co-respondent. It is said among
the neighbors that the lawyer in question
has been in the habit of paying visits to
the Eisfeldt home during the husband's
absence, and that the wife explained it to
the neighbors by saying that he was her
uncle.
Since the filing of the suit by Mrs. Eis
feldt her husband has not been at home,
and his parents do not know where he
is. Hence it has been impossible to ob
tain an Interview with him for the pur
pose of getting his side of the story.
The Richter Benefit.
Preparations for the Richter benefit en
tertainment to be hejd in Mechanics' Pa
vilion on the evening of the 24th are com
pleted, and tickets are selling rapidly.
The committee received an unexpected lift
from National' Parlor No. 168, which pur
chased fifty tickets last night. It is ex
pected that many other fratej-nal organi
zations will fall in line with National Par
lor and do their share toward making the
benefit a success.
The committee on refreshments held a
meeting yesterday, and the members re
ported that the donations are coming in
freely and that good progress will be re
ported at the meeting of the executive
committee, which will assemble on Mon
day.
Ladies ord»rlng mild wines and liquors have
special department and clerk. 17-year-old port
for the feeble. Mohns & Kaltenbach, 29 Market.
The Saunterer.
What paragrapher on a local paper has at
tained more vogue than Town Talk's "Prat
tler" on worldly matters? This week "Tho
Saunterer" talks about Mrs. Clarence Mackay's
lovely frocks, the Hellman wedding, Claude
Hamilton's birthday fete, Ethel Murphy's en
gagement, the Olympic Gun Club, aftermath
of the Irish fair, political aspirants, news
paper men who have embraced the law and
other newsy subjects. W. D. Wasson of the
Renort, Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter, the Water
man sisters', Edith Sinclair and others are
pictured; there are some fine editorials, bright
musical and stage critiques, a story by Katq
Clark Brown and a poem by Anna Morrison
Reed.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Friday, September 16.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. southern coaat.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEKNSTOWN— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Etni
ria, fn>m New York, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr
Southwark, from New York, for Antwerp.
GENOA— Arrived Sept 16— fitmr Fulda, from
N.v. V.irk. via Olbrnltar and Naples.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 16-Stmr Augusta
Viotoria, from New York, via Cherbourg and
Southampton.
NEW Vi RK— Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Rotter
dam, for Rotterdam.
MOVlLLE— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr State of
Nebraska, from New York.
STETTlN— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Thlngvalla,
from New York.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Values for mining stocks were weaker all
around, with less trading. The general com
mittee on Comstock drainage and deep min
ing will hold a meeting at 1 o'clock to-day to
receive the report of the executive commit
tee and transact other business pertaining to
the matter.
Local securities were moderately active, with
no marked changes.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany has declared a regular monthly dividend
of 00 cents per share, payable October 1.
The Eureka Consolidated assessment of 20
cents per share will be delinquent in office on
the 19th.
The Swansea Mining Company of Utah paid
a dividend of IMViO on the 10th, making $45,000
this year and $116,500 to date.
The Llllie Gold Mining Company of Colorado
paid a dividend of $9000 on the Ist, making
$117,000 this year and $134,000 to date.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
paid a dividend of 25c per share, amounting
to $37,:»00, on the ICth, making $337,000 this year
and $1,687,500 to date.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, . Sept. 16—2 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U S Bonds— S F G & E... S8 BS%
4s quar c0up..111%112% San Fran ..... 3% — \
4s quar reg. .1114113 .Stockton Gas.. IS —
4s quar new. . .127%125% Insurance—
3s new 104%105' /< Firem's Fund. 2os — I
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab ss. 115 — ■ Contra Costa.. 52% 55%
Cal El 6ps 125 — Marin Co .....50 —
C C Wat os... Spring Valley. 99} 4 100
Dup-st ex c... — • »B%i Bank Stocks—
X L & P 65..131%132 Anglo-Cal .... 62% —
F&CI Ry 6s. — 118 Bank of Ca1..247%230
Geary-st R os. 93 100 Cal S D & T.. — »9
H C & 4%5.100 105 First Nat 205 —
L A I, Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A. ...128% —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 Met Exchange 14 —
Market-st C 5..127 129% Nev Nat 8...161 18S
Do Ist M 65.113%114 Savings Banks-
Nat Vln Si Ist— 97% Ger S & L..1560 —
N C NGRy 75. 104% — HumS & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. — 113% Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55. .105 — S F Snv U.. 490 500
NIC R R 103&106 S& L 50.... — »8
NPC R R 55.100»4 — Security S B 300 —
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gas 05....108 111% htreet ' Railroads—
Om Ry 6s 128 129 California 108 —
P& Cl Ry 65. 106 — Geary 45 —
P & O 6s. 113% — Market-st .... 54% 65>£
Powell-st 65.. .119 — Presidio 9 —
Reno \V L&L.100 — I Powder—
Sac El Ry Es.loo — California 130 150
SF & N P 55. 109 — E Dynamite... 85 —
SierraßCal 65. 103 105% Gtant Con Co. 49% 50
S P of Ar 6s..lOS<,ilUf>V;, Vigorit ....... 2% 2%
S P Cal 6s 113— Miscellaneous— ' :.
SPC Is eg 55. 102 — Al Pac Assn..— 103%
S PBr 65.....115%119 Ger Ld Wk5..140 —
S V Water 65. 116% — Hana P C 0.... 18% IS%
S V Water 45. 103 — H C A S Co.. 28% 28%
Stockton Ga5.. 102 — Hutch S P Co. 55% 58%
Gas & Electric— Mer Ex Assn. »0 —
Cent Gaslight. los — Nat Vln 65... — S
Cent I, & P... 7% 9% Oceanic S Co. 56% 67%
Mutual El Co. 10 13 Pacific AF A. 1% l'/»
Oakland Gas.. 52% 53 Pac Bot C 0... — 105
Pac Gaa Imp.. 88% — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L Co.. 1 ... 48% CO
Morninr Session.
25 Giant Powder Con 49 75
' 200 Hana Plantation Co 18 25
145 Hutchinson S P Co 58 75
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 106 25
20 Spring Valley Water 100 00
30 do. do b3 100 00
$1000 Sierra Ry of Cal 8s Bonds 103 00
Street—
$10,000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 117 00
Afternoon Session. \ • ' g .
25 Alaska Packers' Association 103 00
430 Hana Plantation Co 18 25 |
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 2S 62%
175 or. dc 27 75
2". Giant Powder Con 49 75
SO Hutchinson S P Co. 5S 75
70 do do 53 62%
50 do do b 30 58 75
25 Pacific Lighting 49 00
300 S F Gaslight, s 10 3 25
25 Spring Valley Water 100 00
600 Vigorit Powder 2 25
Street—
$5000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 109 12%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlns Session.
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 62%
40 do do 2? 75
$4000 8 P R R of Arizona 6s 108 00
Afternoon Session.
$200 U S 3s coupon ; 105 00
35 Spring Valley Water 100 00
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 12%
40 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 75
33 do do 28 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following -were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Mornlnz Session.
400 Alta 10 400 Gould & Curry.. 25
250 Andes 12 850 Mexican 23
300 Belcher IS 600 Ophlr 62
500 ...... 17 400 Potosl 21
700 Best & Belcher. 32 500 Savage 17
100 Challenge 20 400 Sierra Nevada... 74
400 Chollar 19 r,OO Union Con 21
500 Con Cal & Ya... 82 400 Yellow Jacket... 23
800 Crown Point ... 16 1 .
Afternoon Session.
400 Belcher 17 SO Ophlr .-. 56
600 Best & Belcher. 36 200 ...... 55
100 34 250..; 63
300 Bullion 05 100 Overman 07
100 Caledonia 20 4CO Potosl 21
200 Chollar 21 100 Savage 17
200 20 300 lg
300 Con Cal & Va... 83 400 Sierra Nevada... 78
100 Confidence „.,..., 64 200 79
600 Crown Point 16 600 Union Con 21
400 Gould & Curry.. 23 j 100 22
400 Mexican 24 500 Yellow Jacket.... 22
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
■ Moraine Session.
300 Alpha 04 500 Gould & Curry.. 26
200 Andes 11 1200 Mexican 23
200 Best & Belcher. 32 200 26
1200 33 200 Ophlr 62
200 '311100 53
1500 87 300 55
200 3* 300 66
600 Bullion 04 700 Overman 06
200 Caledonia 27 200 Potost 21 '■
400 Chollar 20 300 Savage 17.
200 ' 21lfOOS B & M :. 03
300 Con Cal & Va... SO 1 300 Sierra Nevada... 78
200..... 841200 80
300 87 300 Union Con 21
ir.o Confidence 50 300 24
200 Crown . Point .... 17 200 23
200 IS 500 Utah 09
200 Justice 11 300 Yellow Jacket... 23
400 12 . •
Afternoon Session.
500 Best & Belcher. 36 I.'CO Ophlr ...„ 67
200 Chollar 20 200 53
200.... 21 200 Overman 07
300 ...... 22 300 Potosi 21
SOO Con Cal & Va... 85 500 S B & M 04
200 87 200 Sierra Nevada... 80
100 Confidence. ...... 65 200 81
200 Gould & Curry.. 2.') 300 85
200 24 200 $4
700 Justice ....." 11 300 Yellow Jacket... 24
POO Mexican 24 300 ...... 23
200 Occidental 90 200 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, Sept. 16—4 p. m.
I Bid. Ask. . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 05 Justice 11 12
Alta 09 11 Kentuck 02 "04
Andes 11 13 Lady Wash ... — 05
Belcher ........ 17 19 Mexican 26 27
Benton Con .... 06 — Occidental 90 —
Best & Belcher 37 38 Ophlr .'57 6S
Bullion 04 05 Overman ' 06 07
Caledonia 26 28 Potosl .......... 22 23
Chollar 21 23 Savage 17 18
Challenge Con. 18 20 Scorpion ... 03 —
Confidence 65 — Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Cal & Va. 86 88 Sierra Nevada. 86 87
Con Imperial .. — 02 Silver Hill .... — 12
Crown Point ... 16 17 Syndicate — 03
Con New York. — .03 Standard 155 165
Exchequer — 04 ] Union Con . 25 ■ 26
Gould & Curry. 24 2rt Utah 09 10
Hale & Norcrs. 83 85 Yellow , Jacket. 23 24
Julia 01 03 1
+ ♦ «
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A J Gilleapie; N V W H Lorenz, Stktn
E Mallows, Dutch Flat C C Thayer, Sonora
Mrs E O'Neill. Cal H Block, Napa
R C Jacks, Monterey J L Sewall, Tehama
J D Bradley, Merced S Weilheimer. Cal
F C Elliott, L Ang 3 W Koseberg, Sacto
E de la Cuesta, Cal Miss Koseberg, Sacto
S D Barr, Yuba City A Cohen & w, Cal
H Todd, Oakland Mrs J D Knight. Cal
J C Eagan, Oakland F C Davis, Natlck
R L Beardslee, Stktn A Jackson, N Zealand
T D Blodgett, Tulare S Jackson, N Zealand
Mrs S A Bloslngame, R Jackson, N Zealand
Fresno C Jackson, N Zealand
"W O Bloslngame, Cal j X Jackson, N Zealand
C Garvey, Ariz i W R Forman, Antloch
J P Stanton, Ariz W A Holson & w, Cal
A C Campbell. Alaska M C Bacon, S Clara
Mrs C A Edwardf, Cal C E Wren, Cal
Mrs M B Edwards. Calj E Dinkelspiel, Sutsun
G A Andrews, Or |G W Alexander & w
H S Miller & w, Cal S Jose
Miss M Mar)'. Obl J B Dorsey, Fresno
C B Smith. Stktn O P Phillips, L Ang
G W Naylor, Cal W W Wilson, S Crus
W W Turney, Cal J Loeb. Williams
T F Thwaits, S Jose W II Price. S Rosa
F C Elliott, L Ang J P Wrisht. Anderson
A V Stevens. Gait F A Blake, L Ang
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G H Christiania, Cal Miss P Allen. Gl Ellen
Mrs E A Grau, Chlcag Miss J Ping, Gin Ellen
W E Franklin & w, O J H Shirley, Chicago
L Grolwell, Stockton Mrs E Gagle, Chicago
W S Ginning. Martinez Miss E Gagle, Chicago
E C Yocco, Los Gatos (Mrs Jesler, Chicago
M E Harris, Oakland G H Greene Jr & w,
J Pergentian, Lime Pt I Ventura
B F Markham. V S N ;C. E Holtzmann, Ohio
G H Raehleigh, S Jos* IS S Frohman & w, Cal
H S Strickland, II S N H Hoyte. New York
E Dodson, USA Pt L Beer. Ft Point
R F Gonsley & w Ca\ E O Jlegenfuss, Fresno
S Lewio, Glen Ellen E Dodson, USA
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
p J Hanks, Oroville T King. Seattle
I P Bayley, Pas Robles S L Ritchey & wjCal
H W Kurtz & w, Ueno W Wllber & w. Wash
l' B Scott, San Jo«e W Slawos, Shasta
G A Wiebe, Los Ang J H Morse, Georgia
p Phillips. Chlco Mrs F D Mooney. Mo
W Goodrich, Pomona Mrs S M Hampton, Mo
G A Jordan & w, Cal C E Wilson, Fair Oaks
T F Murray, Mt View F J Peterson. Reno
JT H O'Brien, B C U W Levy & w. Sacto
PALACE HOTEL,.
A Glbbtngs. London W W Fletcher. Eng
Miss J Gibbings, Eng E A Hirchfield, Tex _
W L Gibbins, Eng C H Colburn & w. Nev
H R Gleason & w, Cal L A Atlee. Pa -: .
H R Grass, Chicago JC Plerson. Saeto
A B Cameron, NY IF C Doherty. NY
D E Houston, Lincoln F F Rogers. Stanford
Mrs De Witt Talmag°M M Kerr Jr. Stanford
■ & 2d, D C ■ . " L Emery. Stanford
E M Ware. L Ang Mrs G Gurney, Mcx
W M Whiteny Jr. w & Mrs C H Gibson, Cal
3 c, NY F W Stephenson, Cal
Miss Belcher, NY D Cormier. Mo-
Miss Stott, NY . M Astheimer, Hambrg
Miss H Stott. N V Mrs M Astheimer & 8,
Miss Merrill. Boston Hamburg
J W Duntley & w. 11l U S Grant. S Diego
P Subotish, St Paul W yon Cleft. N V
R Kochler, Portland R G Brown. Bodle
L R Fields, Portland Mrs R G Brown. Bodle
H J Hilderbrand, N T
;.» . —
Read in next Sunday's Call what
David Starr Jordan, Professor Joseph
Le Conte, Father MacCorry, Dr. R. A.
McLean, Dr. Hemphill and Rabbi M.
S. Levy have to say about Spiritism
and the conclusions reached by Dr.
Hodgson of the American Society of
Psychical Research, after several
years' investigation.
CAN fRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:SO o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2251 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
3IEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57. I. O. A A
O. F.— Regular session will be held y
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. Work /\
In the Golden Rule and Royal PurpleX X
degrees. All Patriarchs are cordially In-
vited. Members who will take part In the
team and go to San Jose October 18, during
session of the Grand Encampment, are spe-
cially requested to attend the session to-night.
R. C. BLACK, C. P.
W. S. POTTER, Scribe.
SAN FRANCISCO Fire Department— A_rr|_x
The regular funeral detail of this de- fiSggSL
partment will assemble THIS DAY, 7TV3
at 8:30 o'clock a. m., at the headquarters of
Engine Company No. 8, for the purpose of
attending the funeral of the late HUGH S.
MONAGHAN. late member of this depart-
ment. By order
D. T. SULLIVAN, Chief of Department.
ANNUAL meeting— El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Company— Notice is hereby
given that the annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the El Dorado Water and Deep
Gravel Mining Company will be held at the
office of the company at Placerville on MON-
DAY, the twenty-sixth <26th) day of Septem-
ber, 1898, at 7 o'clock p. m., for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. A. D. HENDERSON, Secretary.
Placervllle, September 7, 1898.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MY wife, BLANCHE A. THOmXs, havtng"left
my bed and board, I will not hereafter be
responsible for any debts contracted by her.
DAVID J. THOMAS.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 4ir. Montgomery st.. room 6: tel. 5580.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice.— Dividend No. 59 (fifty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of. the company. 327 Market st., on and
after Tuesday, September 20, IS9S. Transfer
books will rlose on Wednesday, September
14, 189S, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
COMPETENT Swedish cook, best of reference^
desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
GIRL, 17, desires to assist in chamber work in
exchange for room, board and small wages;
no wash. Box 1275, Call office.
NEAT German young woman wants any kind
of work by the dny or half day. 2325 Mission
St., near Twentieth.
WORK wanted by the day, washing or Iron-
ing, housecleanlng; first part of the week.
SlO O'Farrell Bt
SITUATION by woman to do general house-
work or washing; city or country; $10 to $12.
92i Washington St., near Powell.
COMPETENT woman wishes position: general
housework, plain cooking; neat, quick worker;
fond of children. Box 1102, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housework In
small family: $15 or $20 per month; In city.
Address box 1126. Call office.
RESPECTABLE lady with girl of U desires
situation as housekeeper, or would try any-
thing honest. Address MRS. A.. 1433 Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED Gorman lady wishes any kind
of work by the da"y; $1 per day and car fare.
416 Sixth st.
RESPECTABLE girl of experience wishes a
situation; city or country- Address R. X.,
box 2, Call ofi'.ce. Oakland.
SWEDISH woman wants washing. Ironing, by
the day; $1 50. Address 3255 Twenty-second
et., near Valencia.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation at upstairs
work. Call at 133 Russ st.
YOl'NCi lady, competent stenographer, type-
writer, understands bookkeeping, desires po-
sition: salary $5 per week; experienced; ref-
erences. Box 652, Call office.
GOOD girl would like a situation as cook and
downstairs work; good references. Address
box 605. Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing. Ironing or house cleaning. Address
741 Minna St.
NEAT refined young lady wishes position as
copyist or office assistant. Address P. O.
box 19. Pleasanton, Cal.
LADY wants housework with plain cooking, or
upstairs work. Call ISI9 Buchanan st.
CAPABLE Swedish woman wants any kind of
housework by the rUy. Box 992, Call office.
MAN and wife wish situations In city or coun-
try; man to work on ranch, wife to cook
Box 125R, Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes a situation to do general
housework in small family. Apply 172 Russ.
WANTED— By competent person a position to
nurse or as companion to eluerly lady; can
take charge of children and will furnish good
references. Box 1246, Call office.
NEAT reliable middle-aged lady wishes posf-
tion as working housekeeper; wages $1° to
$15; references exchanged. Address House-
keeper. 572 Broadway, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
In small family: good cook; willing a:.d oblig-
ing; good city references. Box 1235, Call.
RESPONSIBLE woman wishes nursing In re-
spectable family: ladies or children pre-
ferred. Address MRS. F. M. RAILTON 30
Pllver «t.. between Second and Third.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estabT^yearsrhelpl
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
_help. _GEO. _AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
YOUNG man, 2S, first-class education, neat
appearance, speaking fluently and writing
German, Spanish and English, 5 years' ex-
perience as shipping clerk and in general
office work in South America, wants position
In some business house. Box 993, Call.
WANTED— By a. sober young man, well ac-
quainted with horees, a position as driver of
delivery or milk wagon; Is well acquainted
with streets; best references. Address WIL-
LIAM KARSTADT, 215 Parnassus aye., near
Stanyan st.
YOUNG man of 20 with good education and
neat appearance who speaks fluently and
writes German, French and English, wishes
position of any kind; 2 years' experience in
dry goods business. Box 1124, Call office.
WANTED — By a sober young married man, a
position us fireman or general utility man;
understands electricity and engineering; best
references. Address C. J. AUGUST POPE,
215 ParnassuK aye.
MIDDLE-AGED man, sober, reliable; good
hostler, driver, milk or do general work about
place or garden: wants position: good refer-
ences; reasonable. Box 1273, Call office.
RELIABLE Chinaman, excellent cook, wishes
a situation; has very good references; willing
and obliging. Address box 1130, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation as plumber's
helper; 3 years' experience. Address C. C.
427 Athens st.
WANTED— By man and wife, position; city or
country; best references. Box 654, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED miin wants to learn me-
chanics' trade. 23U Sixth St., room 12.
GOOD strong boy wishes to apprentice as
machinist. Address W. H., 427 Athens st.
STEADY .oung man wishes position working
arouc* ■fttrate house. Box 1270, Call ofac*. |
SITUATIONS Continued.
BUTCHER wishes work In butcher shop or
tel; steady work more object. Address b/i
1117, Call office. -
GOOD boy 14 year- old wants any kind of
work. 1305 Mission St., in bakery.
MAN and wife wish situation in hotel or board-
ing-house: city or country. Box 1264, Call.
AN experienced grocery packer or porter would,
like work of any kind; reasonable wages;
best of references. Address box 1131, Call.
SITUATION wanted as yachtkeeper by a thor-
ough navigator. Box 1260, Call office. :■■ - -
SITUATION wanted by a first-class general
machinist; good engineer. Box 1256, Call.
A BELTMAN with good references wants a
situation In any kind of a factory for belt-
men, and can do any other work besides. Ad-
dress Box 1234, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to li
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
MAN and wife, ranch, $30; good place. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. °°
NEAT girl, light work, sleep home, $10. MISS
. CULLEN. 225 Sutler st. M
COOK, Santa Cruz, $25. MISS CULLEN 325
Sutter st. '
2 WAITRESSES, same country hotel, $;o each
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Healdsburg. $20, see lady here; youni
lady, assist office. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter st.
WOMAN, cook 3 men, $15, ranch. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman with a child, cook 3 men, ■
$12; across the bay. MISS CULLEN, 325 )
Putter st. J
WOMAN with a little girl as working house-
keeper. $10. MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter si
2 SWEDISH or German sisters or friends, Oak-
land, $25 and $20, as cook and second girl,
same house. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
4 WAITRESSES, railroad eating-house, coun-
try, $20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MISS IDA LUNDGRIN— PIease call at MISS
CULLEN" S. 325 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress, country, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
NURSE, infant, country, $25. MISS CULLEN,
! 325 Sutter et.
COOK, German style, $40 cook, country. Amer-
ican family, $35. see ,ady here 9:30. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl, Bakersneld, $25. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
HEAD waitress city. $22 50; 6 waitresses, coun-
try. $20; 2 waitresses, railroad hotel, $20, see
party here 10 a. m. ; chambermaid to wait In
mining town. $20, fare paid
Neat houspgirl. 2 In family. $15, see party
here this morning; young girl to assist and
care for baby, $10; girls for many choice city
and country places, $15. $20, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 LAUNDRESSES, private families and hotel.
$20. $25; German working housekeeper, hotel,
$25; Protestant second girl. $20; German or
Scandinavian cook, 2 In family, $25; ranch
cook. $20; 5 restaurant waitresses, $20, and $5
week; chambermaid, wait 1 meal, $20, and
girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st. ■
WANTED— Cook, chambermaids, second girls,
girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631 Larkln.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20, fare paid. HO-
TEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
GERMAN girl wanted to do upstairs work
and wait at table; wages $20. Call at 2217
Sacramento St., near Laguna; call In morn-
Ing.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 1325
Guerrero St., between Twenty-fifth and
Twenty-sixth. . i L
YOUNG girl for general housework: small'
family. 1475 Twenty-seventh aye., Fruitvale,
in station.
WANTED— Good home for little boy 2 years
old; will pay by the week. Please call at 401
Leavenworth St., corner Ellis.
EXPERIENCED driving glove maker. EX-
j CELSIOR GLOVE CO.. 413-415 Market st.
' GIRL for general housework. 306 Laurel st.,
between Sacramento and Clay.
OPERATORS on gents' white shirts. 835 Va-
lencia st. ' '
GIRL 14 or 15 to wash silverware. 227 Geary
street.
GIRL for general housework; must be a good
cook. 1206 Market st., room 8. ■
NURSE and seamstress; 1 child. Call after 10
o'clock at 2700 California et.
GIRLS for busheling on men's clothes. 327
Third st. ; call early.
GIRL for general housework, $10; German pre-
ferred. 4135 Twentieth st.
LEARN dressmaking and tailoring at KEIS-
TER'S; patterns to order. 118 McAllister st.
GIRL for light housework and to assist with
children. 844 Halght st.
UNEMPLOYED women to learn lucrative busi-
ness. 997 Market St.. room 209, 10 to 5 p. m.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on flannel shirts at GREEN E-
BAUM. WEIL & MICHEL'S, 531 Mission st.
TWO . young ladies to Introduce Egry Auto-
graphic Sales Registers among down town
.merchants. PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay »t.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 2.V up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
HELP WANTED— MALE. '
WANTED— man as assistant butler, $23;
night ■waiter, coffee house, $30; waiter, plain
hotel, $25; chef. French, $100; second cook, $60;
I choreman, country, $10; assistant in laundry,
' $25; dishwasher and do some porter work, $25;
butcher for restaurant. $40; carpenter, etc. •
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton St. •
WANTED to-day
50 laborers for the Coast road :
Regular wages Free fare
to the front. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
700 MEN for the British Columbia arid Alaska
railroads; wages from $2 a day up; steamer
sails Sunday. C. R. HAN SEX & CO., 10*
Geary at.
FOR new railroad work ■
15 teamsters, $25 and board, for 2-horee •
scrapers; 10 laborers, $175 a day free .fare
5 hammersmen, tunnel work, $2 60 a day
6 drillers. $1 25 a day and board, for a quarry.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR the mountain rai1r0ad..........
10 4-horse teamsters. $22 and board.
10 2-horse teamsters, $20 and board
15 laborers, f^f^-cq"^ Gear^"^"
FOR the woods, north :'"", ••••.
5 COOPERS. sUclTwork piece work; CO.. b
here 9 o'clock. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary at. .. - '
BAKER and pastry cook hotel, $40; broiler,
$50; third cook. $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
GRAPE PICKERS. ...GRAPE PICKERS....
"T^k here 20 men or strong boys to
iick :. grapes" for a large vineyard in Solano
Count y «20 per month and found; this id a_/ .
Pxr^Dtlonal good place: call early and Kecu?f|
a jefb MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 ClayT^
(■HORSE! teamster for the city, $25 and found.
For a new rai1r0ad.......
.... 50 teamsters. $20 and found
eo'Yaborers, $1 75 per day.............. ..:..
For the mines, 25 more laborers, $1 60 to $2 50
10 men to pull beans, $20 and found '..*.'.'.";
Laborers and teamsters for the city and'
country 50 day Muckers, $i 75 day '
Drillers, $2 50 day Muckers, $1 75 day
Drillers' helpers, $2 25 day. Teamsters, $1 70 day. •
Camp blacksmith, $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. /
CHEF cook, country hotel, $50 and found; conk
for a ranch. .$4O and found, $1 fare; waiters. -
different country hotels, $25 and found: bed-
maker, city, $20; cooks, different country-
hotels; stableman . and do chores, country
hotel, $20 and found, see boss here. MUR-
RAY & READY, €31 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family. $10
to $*5;. choreman for Institute. $25; 10 labor- '
ers about mill, $30 and board; 6 gravel miners.
$2 50 day; choreman, $10 and found: 2 wood-
choppers, $3 cord; 2 coopers,' $30 and board; 1
men to lay stone, $3 to $3 50 day; strong boy
for wholesale grocery: blacksmith for camp;
young man to care for Invalid. $15; 40 labor-
ers for city and country, $1 day and board
and $1 75 day, and others. Apply to J. F.
: CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for boarding-house, $30; sec-
ond cook, restaurant, $10 week; 3 restaurant
waiters, $10 week and $30 month; 3 hotel wait-
ers, country, $25; porter, country resort, $15;
dishwashers; vegetable man. $25. and others..
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. -
WANTED — ' furnace men for mine, $45 and
board; 6 miners, $52 per month and board; 4 .
ranch teamsters, $25; 3 farm hands, near city,-
• $20; 5 laborers for city, $1 60 per day; milk- '
ers, cooks, waiters and dishwashers; elevator,
boy, small boy, $4 per week, I and others-. W.
D. EWER _ CO.. 626 Clay st. ■--.■
YOUNG bellboy, $5 per month, room and boardk
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. . * -4;
— Competent - man - accustomed to
. keeping cost accounts in a . manufacturing .
concern; state ' experience, references and- 1
"wages expected. Address R. X., box 1277, J
Call office. ■ '" . - . J
TO go to-day— 4oo men's second ■ handed «ho««, f
some nearly new, Be to $1 2& 562 Mission at. '
b«twM» Sntrt »ad Second.
- . . . • - ■ ■ >. ►-.-.-•.■- ■ . • •HELI' WANTED— Continued.
PAINTERS Wanted— finishers ;~short dis-
tance In country; 4 weeks' work; $3 per day
Apply room 1203 Claus Spreckels building 9
to 12 a. m. to-day.
GOOD helper on cream candy; must under-
stand casting. ADOLPH HROMADA. 222
Battery st.
WANTED— Errand boy for a store. Address,
giving age, reference and previous occupa-
tion, box 990, Call office.
WANTED— Stock clerks and errand boys in
wholesale millinery house. Address box 1278,
Call office. t
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 445 Broad-
way. near Kearny.
°__?I? I I'arbor Saturday and Sunday; steady.
829 I nion et.
WANTED— A good barber. 1806 Powell st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 715H
Davis st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 956 Washing-
ton St.. Oakland.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
227 Second st.
GOOD barber for Saturday, $3 50. 1646 Polk st.
BOY: wages $3 per week. Stall 32, Unlon-
square Market. ■/'.',
WANTED— 10 linemen. 66 Fifth st.
WANTED— Waiter and dishwasher. 207 Sec-
ond st.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted. 106 Second st.
GOOD cook for oyster house and restaurant. 23
Sixth st.
"WANTED— Good all-around dishwasher. 604
Third st.
WANTED — Sober man who can roast coffee
and run an engine. Box 653, Call office.
.CABINET-MAKER wanted to set up chairs,
etc. Apply at 6 Ninth st.
PAINT burner wanted: flrst-class man. Apply
this morning at 1002 Pine st.
WANTED— cook. 626 Sacramento st.
"WAITER wanted. 3S Seventh street.
TWO clothing salesmen wanted in San Fran-
cisco and one In 'each county In every State,
to take orders for our $3 to $10 made-to-meas-
ure suits and overcoats. Live men without
experience can make $150 per month. If you
can furnish satisfactory reference, we will
furnish a complete sample line and outfit,
and start you .it work at once. For particu-
lars address AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS
CO., Enterprise building. Chicago.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men. between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
States, or those who have legally declared
their Intent Inn to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak,
read and write. English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St., San Francisco, Cal.
BARBERS— Special auction Monday, Septem-
ber 19, 2 p. m.. at 1504 Park St., Alameda. of
a modern barber shop: Investigate before
sale this chance of buying paying shop.
WANTED— Round Munera for light Iron riv-
eted pipe. Apply Main st. entrance of Ris-
don Iron Works.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1104.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Bee, 525 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 138»_ Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, 35c; only one price. 823 Howard st.
J. J. HEINZ. 630 Market St., official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme use, 957 Market St.. below Sixth.
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILOKS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED — collect wa?e« due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter St.
SINGLE rooms, 100 and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard Bts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 2 K) rooms, 25c night; reading room;
free 'bus and r>f_r_aee to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENT wanted; good canvasser. Apply X.,
192 Bey-nth st.
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co.,
1155H Washington st.. Oakland. Cal. ■:
FURNITURE WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. B.
I COHN. auctioneer. 480 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1057 Market St.: tel. Jessie 32.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED — Second-hand horse power; state
sire and price. Address box 641, Call office.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books, periodicals
bought. Send for KLEIN, .109 Sixth st.
GOOD cash register wanted; must be cheap.
604 Third st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus, second-hand, 109 Montgomery it.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we . are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we a«k you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased lor all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon sama easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$6 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
CALLENBERG & VAUPEL, $75; Marshall &
Wendell, $160; Sterling, $185; Vose. $195: easy
payments; guaranteed. BENJ. CURTAZ _
SON. flickering Agents. 16-20 O'Farreli at.
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. ; they
are making room for fresh stock. .
6OHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
BriKgs and other pianos; ccc our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
$110— A GOOD upright; little used. 2700 Sutter
St., corner of Lyon.
IT costs you $0.5 to Bee the pianos we rent for
$3 per mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 660 Hayes.
A MAGNIFICENT 3-pedal Steinway, nearly
new, $150. KEEFE'S, 1019 Van Ness aye.
A— s6o; UPRIGHT; $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL Bale of pianos; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
"AD*" smallest; price lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents »2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister St.,
next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st. <
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR »ale cheap; 2 Edison bl-polar dynamos,
640 lamps, with switchboard and apparatus
complete; 1 Otis hydraulic elevator; 1 50
horse-power Mclntosh & Seymour engine; 2
60 horse-power Babcock & Wilcox boilers, all
in first-class condition. Apply to Pacific
Telephone and Telegraph Company, 216 Bush.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
GOOD shoe shop for sale. Apply 316 Gough st.
BARS, hack bars, mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
Office furniture and fixtures; new and boc-
etld hand. .1. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
. Mission St., above Sixth.
I, 6 and 10 stamp quartz mills cheap; easy
terms. Assay office, 10 Stevenson st.
BILLIARD table; high grade. 1916 Brod-
erlck st. -•■
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
1 ever. Herman Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
glneß. boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records.. $6 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, ' dealer second-hand
. building material., 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
SISINUSS CHANCES.
A^WOOO; PARTNER In hotel~wlth grillroom;
150 rooms; long leaee; $2000 or $2600 cash, bal-
ance on time; a first-class, paying place;
owner must have Industrious man for as-
sistant. Call on WILKE, 7S3V_ Market st.
A— sl2oo-CORNER saloon In wholeale district; 1
rent $30; lease; no night or Sunday work; ex-
cellent paying; first-class custom. WILKE,
7S3H Market St.
$400— PARTNERSHIP In old established com-
mission business for sale; clears from $200 to
*300 per month; sickness compels partner to
_retlre. Particulars WI ,KE, 783__Market st.
A— SBOO— CORNER grocery and bar with four
fine livlnf rooms; rent $20; choicest location;
first-class paying; owner bought hotel In San
Jk'se, and must sacrifice; a bargain. Call
WILKE. 783H Market St.
A— s4oo; CORNER saloon, with club room; rent
$30; best location; surrounded by planing
mills and factories; a splendid offer. Call
WILKE. 783V_ Market st.
$165— OYSTER and chop house; must pell to-
day on account of departure. McLAUGHLIN
& CO., 777 Market st.
$1500— EXPRESS and transfer business. For
particulars see McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777
Market st. _______
$50— BRANCH bakery and notions; living
rooms; cheap rent; $6 dally. KUEDO & CO.,
22V4 Geary st.
A— s7oo— Partner; milk route and boarding sta-
ble; 200 steady customers; 6 good horses, wa-
gons, buggies. KREDO & CO.. 22V_ Geary.
A— s2oo; tailoring and cleaning; 35 $1 50 monthly
customers: clears $250 month; old age cause
of Bale. KREDO & CO., 22 1 . Geary at.
A— Fine saloon, with side entrance, near Bald-
win; receipts $35 dally; cheap rent. KREDO
& CO. .
LIST YOUR STORE
OR BUSINESS PLACE WITH ME
I CAN SELL FOR CASH
HAVE BUYERS WAITING
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp Fifth.
$175— GREAT bargain; cigars, notions, etc.; 3
rooms; reajly cheap at $250; call to-day.
RAND & CO.. 917 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale at a bargain;
good location for man and wife; must be sold.
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
$2000— OLD-ESTABLISHED well-paying comer
grocery and bur; fine stock and flrst-claßs fix-
tures; good outside trade; sickness of owner
cause of sale. Box 1698, Call office.
MAN with $2. r .O wanted in enterprising busi-
ness; large profits; stock given as security or
Interest in business and vice-presidency: sal-
ary. Call room 20. 12 Telegraph aye., Oaklnd.
$1400 WILL buy hotel, 26 rooms, hard finished
and furnished nearly new: butldinx cost $4000;
large lot. Call at 12 m., 256 Third St.
FOR Sale— Cheap; steam cleaning and dyeing
works; well established business; good loca-
tion. 20 Locust St., Santa Cruz, Ca^
$1050— COR. grocery & bar In Mission; owner
there 7 years. Address Grocery, 868 Folsom.
FRUIT store for sale. ISO Eighth st.
GOOD barber shop for sale cheap; account
sickness. Box 1275, Call office.
MARKET on Mission St.; established by pres-
ent owner over 10 years. Box 1274, Call office.
GOOD and *ell established beer bottling busi-
ness; close to San Francisco. Box 1249, Call.
GOOD branch bakery at cost: fine fixtures. Ap-
ply 3027 Sacramento st., upstairs.
FOR SALE— In a healthy farming locality, a
blacksmith shop and -tools, a comfortable
dwelling, good barn, chicken house, etc., an !
orchard, a water capacity which pays a net ]
pr tit of $15 per month; blacksmith business
clears from JISOO to $2000 annually; books |
subject to Inspection; object retiring. Ad-
dress R. H. CLARK. Gonzales, Monterey !
County, Cal.
3-CHAIR barber shop; established 7 years; $150;
must be sold; 111 health. Box 1296, Call office.
WANTED — To buy a country saloon: not above
$400; no agents. Box 938. Call office.
BARBER wanted to buy barber fixtures; very
cheap. Apply to 170 Shipley st.
$4000— A RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery
business, which must be sold, as owners have
been appointed Western agents for Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PERNAU
BROS., 543 Clay St., San Francisco.
$1500— PARTY with that amount of money can
secure a good business opportunity In the
wood working line; also house and lot with
Income rent of $19 per month, besides two
living rooms with workshop free; alao ma-
chinery and tools. Inquire at Call office.
BARBERS Investigate: good 16c shop; two
chairs, clearing $9o per month; leape; good
cifar trade; no reasonable offer refused. 841
Telegraph aye., Oakland.
>;i N i) bakery; only store trade; cash business;
gooii location; fine chance for baker. Apply
Call office.
FINE grocery and bar for sale; rare chance;
Al business. Box 1269, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery, Second et., near Folsom.
$500 — BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 furnished ;
rooms; 21 regular boarders; trial before buy-
Ing. Address M. J..box 4, Call office, Oakland.
$150 — KLVERA dining parlors; account of other
business; flrst-cla^s condition. 417 Mason.
$850— SALOON; old established; No. 1 location;
In Siii.nas City, Cal; must be sold at once.
Address F. F. G., P. O. box 184, Salinas City.
GOOD paying saloon on San Bruno road; cause
of selling, retiring from business. Inqulre
VIM San Bruno road.
CORNER grocery and bar fpr sale on account
of sickness. 118 Second St., NW. cor. Minna.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'a. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR BALfB.
23 ROOMS: sunny corner $1100
15-room house; clears $100 500
21 -room house; central; clears $150 550
32-room house; best In the city 1000
12-room house; worth $SOO 300
50-room house; worth $8000 3000
15-room house; on Sutter st 450
24-room house; clears $150 1400
2'i-n.om house; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All prices
Money to loan on any house
H. <:. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
a kredo ft oo 777777T. ..__v_ geary st.
11 rooms; fine residence; Geary st.: all
new; clears $C 0 monthly; must poll $600
14 room?; bay-window corner; central and
desirable; clears $100 month 860
60 rooms; best on Geary St.; cleurs $150;
nothing better ever offered 2000
Several large houses to exchange for realty.
A— SI ROOMS; north Of Mnrket St.: fine. ...53200
14 rooms; near Call building; new 625
31 rooms; transient: Market st 850
20 rooms; select; transient; corner 600
36 rooms; elegant; furnished hotel 1800
F. C. HYDE A CO_ 12<ri Market st.
$250— 12-ROOM house; worth ?r>0O; north of Mar-
ket; mupt sell. BASILIC, S73H Market st.
MASON, 223— 9-room lodging house, all filled!
$S'.o; bargain, account sickness. Call 2 p. m.
$475—G001) paying 16-room house; a bargain;
good reason for selling. 127 Turk st.
80 ROOMS; best paying house in city; part
cash; cheap. 10f> New Montgomery st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CHEAP for cash; 2 Welsh folding beds; 1
sideboard style with mirror and marble slab;
1 wardrobe style, with mirror; cost $95 each;
al?o 1 large solid black walnut wardrobe, 1
■Olid black walnut bookcase, drawers and
deck, and glass front; 5 black walnut arm-
chairs, upholstered In russet leather. Apply
1721 Buchanan st.
LOST.
LOST— Small Morocco pocket-book; return to
Call office and receive reward. R. E. Me-
NEIL, San Rafael.
LOST— In vicinity of Nineteenth and Valencia
sts., white bull terrier bitch. Rt-turn to 1738
Market st. ; reward.
$4" REWARD— Lost, small purse containing
$105. Finder return to CHARLETON, 701
Mission st.
LOST— On Mlßßlon road, dark-bay horse; 2
white hind feet; suitable reward. D. FOLEY
5 Brady »t.
LOST— From 1334 Valencia St., green parrot;
liberal reward.
LOST— September 5, In Oakland, between Hotel
Metropole and Tenth and Broadway, a
woman's folding purse; wa* a keepsake. A
reward of $20 will be paid If finder will re-
turn same at onoe to Metropole.
CERTIFICATE deposit $300^ Crocker-Wool-
worth National Bunk, San Francisco No
26.03R; dated June 14, IS9B. Return to above
bank and receive reward. JOE D. BIDDLE.
TWO Italian bank books, 1 yellow and 1
green. G. BIBONTI, care Fugazl & Co.. 5
Montgomery aye. ; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
afid Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JANE PAUL; No. 169-982. The
finder will please return to bank.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and^MoTlrig^Co^
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age Warehouse, S4O Mission at. ; tel. Mint 1821.
physicians!
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO. - •
ERODERICK. 1515, near Sutter— rooms, bath,
basement, laundry; sun In every room; yard;
water; $22.
ELEGANT house, large basement;, front 'and
rear garden; rent reduced from $50 to '$35. 818
McAllister st.
WASHINGTON, 926—7 rooms; bath; $25; own-
er's daughter to live with family. J. C.
WAGNER, 323 Grant aye. ■ • ■
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. S
6- ROOM house, Madison aye., near Harrison
and Fifth: rent cheap. J. McCANN, grocer.
$25—2726 Mission. 9 rooms and bath; modern
improvement-; large basement.
3 LODGE rooms furnished. 927 Mission; 10-
room house. 2417 Sutter; 5-room cottage, 2405
Sutter. Apply L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOLSOM, Cottage, 7 rooms; bath; large
yard; rent $20.
TWENTIETH, 4437— Modern cottage for rent;
7 rooms, bath and laundry; $20.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; . water
free. 113 Collins St., hear Geary-
FLATS TO LET.
CHATTANOOGA. 211— Lower flat, containing 5
rooms, bath; patent closet; stationary wash-
tub; large chicken yard; all in good, order;
rent $S, water free. Apply on premises or to
MADISON & BURKE. • • ■
CLAY, 1229-1231— Two 5-room flats; sunny and
modern. r.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
DUPONT, 1903, near Chestnut— Lower flat, con-
taining 3 rooms; newly papered; rent $7; key
at corner store. Apply to MADISON &
BURKE. ■ , '.
FLAT 6 rooms, $14; also cottage 4 rooms. 623
Second st. ; Rlncon avenue.
FULTON, 118— Fine sunny middle fiat: 7 rooms,
bath; water free; near City Hall; $28. -
LEAVENWORTH, Upper flat of 5 rooms;
modern improvements; nun; rent $16.
LOWER flat, 3 rooms; upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larkln st.
LYON, 411, near Hayes— Excellent for the
money; 5 rooms; bath; laundry; $14.
LYON, 617, near McAllister— New sunny flat
6 rooms and bath. • . s
NEAR City Hall; 2 elegant flats, 6 rooms and
bath. 12 and 715 Grove st.
SHIPLEY 287, near Sixth— Flat C rooms and
bath; $14.
SUNNY flats, 3 and 4 rooms; rent reasonable.
63 Pleasant St., off Jones, near Clay.
SUNNY corner bay-window flat; 7 rooms, bath;
cheap. NE. corner Dolores- and 15th sts.
THIRD and Perry — New 6- room; bath; cellar.
Key 417\4 Third st.
UPPER sunny flat. 6 rooms; modern large
basement and yard. 2721 Mission St.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2 SPLENDID flats; 5 rooms, bath; reasonable.
234 Day St., between Church and Sanchez. .
3-ROOM flat. Inquire at 352 McAllister st.
$10 — FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St.. near
| Fourth.
I $14— TO let— Corner flat of 5 rooms and bath.
3338 Twenty-sixth st.. near Capp.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
SUITE, of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for
4 or 6 persons. Apply at shoe store. 562 Mis-
sion St., between First and Second sts.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— Bay-window
| suite of 2or 3 sunny rooms; gas or wood. •
I CALIFORNIA, Three unfurnished rooms;
light; very desirable.
j CAPP, 708—3 sunny rooms, clean, neatly fur-
! nished; housekeeping.
CLEMENTINA, 707, corner Eighth—
rooms complete housekeeping, with bath and
laundry room, $8 to $10.
EDDY, 453, near Leavenworth— Bay-window, 3
unfurnished rooms In new flat; reasonable.
ERIE, 47. between Thirteenth and Fourteenth
— 3 clean furnished rooms for housekeeping;
garden. -/"v ■""
FIFTH, 348 — Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap. ■ .
FOLSOM, Housekeeping rooms to let; dou-
ble or single; rent reasonable.
FOLSOM, — Sunny housekeeping rooms, dou-
ble and single; all conveniences; $1 up;
! changed hands.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Bay-window parlor
floor for 2 or 4; gas range, bath, etc.; $25.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
j sunny rooms; also housekpg; cheap; transient.
j HOWARD. 1068— newly furnished sunny par-
i lor suite, hkpg, $12; others, $8;. single, $4 mo.
I JESSIE. 373, near Fifth and Market— 2 sunny
housekeeping rooms; only $9.
; JESSIE, 439, between Fifth and Sixth— 3 sunny
connecting rooms, furnished complete for
I housekeeping, $3 per week.
LEAVENWORTH, 811. near Sutter— 3 sunny
rooms, stove; housekeeping; young couple;
references: $10.
MINNA, 646 Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing. ■
MISSION. 834—2 large sunny front rooms, .fur-
nished for housekeeping, $14; also one for $8.
MISSION, 923H— Completely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms; regular kitchen.
MISSION, 945—2 large sunny well-furnished
houaekpg rooms; bed and folding bed; adults.
MISSION, 953—2 rooms, furnished; housekeep-
ing; cheap.
j MISSION, 953—1 or 2 rooms, furnished; house-
! keeping; cheap.
MISSION, 1241—2 furnished rooms; running
water; light housekeeping; sunny; garden;
reasonable. : - •-' >.
NOE, 151—2 pleasant front rooms, large kitchen,
coal range, linoleum, tubs, bath, yard: $11.
OCTAVIA, 156—2 weeks free; unfurnished If de-
sired; desirable; no children.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Sunny front
room, mantel, kitchen, gas stove; $13.
PINE, 2207%— 2 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping.
POINT LOBOS aye., 2120—2 and 3 sunny fur-
nished housekpg rooms; $10 and $12; no child.
SEVENTH, 178 — Large sunny unfurnished
rooms; housekeeping; water; yard; also fur-
nished front room«. ■
SHIPLEY, 259—4 rooms, $6; no children; no
animals.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st.— 2 or S room*,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TURK, — Sunny bedroom and kitchen com-
plete for housekeeping;, gas, gas stove and
bath; $14. ■ '
TWELFTH, 145— Sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping.
TWENTY-SECOND, 3337—3 furnished house-
keeplng rooms rent $15 a month.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166. near Howard—
front parlors; use of kitchen; no children;
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— Choice
sunny housekpg suite, nicely furnished, $10.
VALENCIA, 1154, near 22d— Large sunny front
alcove room and separate kitchen; also con-
necting rooms; bath, closets and sinks.
2 SUNNY furnished housekeeping rooms,
bounded by Eddy. Bush, Jones and Polk Bts.
Box 1276, Call office. ,: V
$10, 427 STEVENSON, near Fifth; $9. 1381 Min-
na, near Fifteenth. Owner at 705 Oak st.
OAKLAND H O SEKEE PING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ao-
commodatlons for cooking. 9th & Washington.
™~ ROOMS -O -LET. V , •
A— 734 FlNE— Nicely furnished gunny front
-'. room; gas; $6 month; gent only.
A— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; _rst-cl___
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms: wk. $1 to $2 50; day 2Sc to 60c.
AT 416 O'Farrell— rooms; suites; single;
" by day, week or mo.; bathe, running water.-.
BALBOA, The, 1295. Market, opposite Jones-
Rooms, 50 cents; suites, $1 per day; lower
by the week; country trade solicited. •
BOHEMIA. 239 Post." 2. blocks from Palace
.Hotel; elegantly furnished rooms;; families
and gentlemen; all conveniences. . ;
DELAWARE, 1433 s Market— Furnished or . un-
, furnished single and double rms. ; $8. , $10 ■ mo.
EDDY, 118— Pleasant front room; also others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap. ,
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 50 cent* to
.; $1 per night: $2 to $6 a week; families.- ,;,
EDDY. 318— Newly i furnished sunny suite and
, ■ single rooms ; ; private family ; quiet. '.' i >S\i ft
EDDY, 614— Nicely furnished rooms to let; new
and clean. ■ ->■" ' \ ■::■:■_:—•.■ -.-. ; .?/ ...- "■&;;
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
ELLIS, 6M— Large front double : room; nice
home for 2 or 3 gents; other rooms. ,-.,.
EIGHTH, 111—2 nice furnished front rooms and
1 back room. . . .
FOLSOM, 863— Large sunny bedroom adjoining
cozy kitchen; yard; complete housekeeping.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, Elegant sunny front parlor; also
suites; privilege hkp.; other rms; gas; bath.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4: reading room; Howard care.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 404— Bay-window parlor
floor for 3 or 4; complete; gas range; bath,
etc., $25. .. '.'■ ..-■•■;.. ■ *•■•-;.■'
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming-house; $1 60 to 16 per week.
HILLSDALE. S3 Sixth st.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for 3 • gents; reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER,' 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and other rooms; moderate.
HYDE, 232— Newly furnished front sunny
rooms from $6 per month up; all conveniences.
JESSIE, 164, corner Annie— Sunny, rooms; single
$1; double $160 week; also housekeeping.
KEARNY, 326— Furnished room; use of parlor;
gentleman or man and wife; private family;
cheap. Inquire shoestore. ■
LARKIN, Neat sunny parlors, together or
single; also single. ' "
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or tingle; baths connecting; moderate
rates. _■
MASON, 225— A sunny bay-window room, nice-
ly furnished. $1 50 up; day, week or month.
MCALLISTER, 319— Nice sunny front room. . '
MISSION 809, near Fourth— parlors, suit-
able for' doctor or couple: hkpg privilege.
MISSION, 1125H — Nice single room for $1 50 per
week; also 2 rooms for housekeeping.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. 271— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
POLK, 1602— Unfurnished bay-window room;
sunny; closet; also furnished room.
POST. Changed hands, renovated; newly
and elegantly furnished: single or en suite.
MRS. J. A. CALHOUN, formerly of Waldorf.
POWELL Furnished sunny rooms; single
or en suite; $1 60 upward; running water; gas.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH, 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SUTTER, Nicely furnished rooms; also
other rooms; terms reasonable.
SYCAMORE aye.. 12, off Valencia, between
Seventeenth an.l Eighteenth— nicely fur-
nished room In private family, $5.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St.. opp. Cough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
suits; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping: rooms from $5 to $12.
VALENCIA. 306— Front sunny alcove room;
closet; grate; modern conveniences; private
family. '
ROOMS AND BOArtl),
ABBOTSFOR I The—
Broadway and Polk ets.; quiet, homelike;
terms moderate; board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN House, 319-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward: free bus to and from hotel.
BRANNAN. 444-6 (New Mechanics' . Hotel)—
Board and room $4 60 per week; single rooms
$1 per week. -
EDDY, 500— Large sunny front room, suitable
for 2: gents preferred; others, $20 up, with
board.
EDDY, 502— Nicely furnished, large rooms,
with good board, $20 up; gentlemen preferred.
FOLSOM. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $3 per week; nice location.
GEARY, First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 25c.
HOTEL SALISBURY, 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms: beautiful grounds; table unsurpassed.
MISSION, 942 — Sunny front room for gent, with
board and bath, $1S per month; private fam.
O'FARRELL, 742— A handsome room, with best
. board, for lady; hot and cold water; $25.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant" home for gent;
board; hot and cold water; $20: other rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS aye., 808— Elegant sunny rooms, en
suite and single; superior table; ref. required.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILDREN boarded; mother's care. 131 Do-
lores st. ■ ■-■ /
STORES TO LET. ;
LARGE store, four living rooms and basement.
1109 Howard at., near Seventh; rent cheap;
sunny yard.
STORE to let; City Hall square, 7. corner Mar-
ket st.; suitable for any business; rent low.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fail: travelers helped without delay; home In
' confinement: skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills,
II; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR. WYETH,
208 Turk st., near Jones.
ALL Ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet'a capsules are . guaranteed
absolute cure for all . female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 por box, ■ sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., 8. F. A caution — pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation' free;
saves disgrace; pills, and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician, for
87 years. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V.,
obstretrics specialist, offices Hackmeler Hotel,
123 Eddy st., chronic and complicated dis-
eases cured; patients assured first-class
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained In all cases;
consultation free. Hours, 9 to 11 and 3 to 8.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from' what-
ever cause: no Instruments used; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL, 1122 Market st.
MEN, attention; Army & Navy, sure cure;
cures new and old cases; agency, A. _ N.
Drug Co., 306 Sixth St.." San Francisco. Mail-
ed free on receipt of 75c.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
. comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes. .*
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
PRIVATE home in confinement by a first-class
German midwife; infants adopted Into good
homes. 615 Turk St., near Larkln.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe reme-
dies; 38 years' experience. 254 V& Fourth at.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. -156 Second st. v- '■-.;
_______ _____
HORSES.
WANTED— Horse, about 1200 pounds. 19 Sixth
St., upstairs. :"" ;•->,. ..' : ; .
LARGE assortment of " work, : draught .' and
driving Jiorses. ■ cheap. 146 Valencia st.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Sales Yards, 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer. v <■ .'■ .-;•->
40 HORSES . for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts,- harness ; : Grand ■ Arcade ; Horse Mar-
■ ket, - 327 Sixth; - auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & Auctioneers. v
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. . >
SPECIAL : sale of [ harness ' and i vehicles. ' Lle-
•-, bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
"~ .TO LEASE.
HALL to let, 45x70; well furnished; good piano;
" ladles' parlor; etc. ; third Tuesday, second and
■ fourth Thursday, Saturday and Sunday even-
ing; : reasonable prices. . 507 ■* Butter st., cor.
Powell, «;;■■:-• • ♦■
PERSONALS.
MARK NEUMATER- Please write to your
mother. I will be very grateful to any one
sending my son's address. MRS. L. NEU-
MAYER, New Whatcom, Wash.
PHYSICIAN, ladies' specialist, will answer by
sealed mall any medical questions; send 25c
and stamp. P. O. box 573. Oakland, Cal.
COME in and see my new parlors; room for all
now; hairdressing, 25c f hair restored to its
natural color, $1 60 up; good switches, $1;
finest. $3 50; extra, X; open Sunday 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton at.
LEDERER'S Qu'inonla is the best hair tonic.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
DR. A. W. McKENZIE has removed his dent-
al office from 115 Kearny st. to the Phelan
building, rooms 108 and 108. t
TWO young ladles can procure good positions
to introduce Egry Autographic Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS.. Agents, 543 Clay st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. near Market; 200 rooms.
Jsc to $1 00 per night: $150 to $S per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
MASU MIYAKAWA. Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Kenrny Bt. : tel. Green 19.
DRESSMAKERS.
MIPS GILLIGAN, dressmaking and cloak-
making school. 223 Grant ava.
BAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 816 Market at.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses, $5
up: dresses made over. 8 Eddy st.. rm. !*-__.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAR! OMAR! OMAR'.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
326 EDDY ST., 325.
MARVELOUS TESTS. ~
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Name of Sweetheart or Husband.
Advice to make you succeed In love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc. ; cures
drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences; lo-
cates mines, buried treasures, etc; guaran-
tees success.
OMAR NEVER FAILS
To unite the separated and
Cause speedy and happy marriages.
OMAR
■ Guarantees success in all cases.
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. Private residence, 325 Eddy st.. 325.
ATTENTION! PROF. H. ROMAINE ■
The Oriental Seer
— Late of India ■
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated; causes speedy marriages; recovers
old estates; locates buried treasures in five
days; never falls. Fees, $1 and $2. Satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for
special terms. Offices, 1206 Market st.
Hours, 10 to 8.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 _ 26. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
eight; diagnoses disease* full life reading; la.
60c; gents*l;palm.andclalr.slt.sl 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room W.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
YOUR future told by cards for 25 cents. 221
Sixth st.
MME. LENEMAR — Fortune by planets; pre-
dicted In 74 overdue steamers. 23*4 6th, room 3.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'F_rrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader and medical clairvoyant; private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed
remedies; cancers removed without pain; let-
ters promptly answered; send Btamp for re-
ply; sittings. $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 112% Sixth st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-wrltlo* me-
dlum. lIS Halght St.
HYPNOTISM
S. F. College Therapeutics, 306 Larkln St..
open day and eve. for patients and pupils.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, afsaylng, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
boiikkeeplng, telegraphy, penmanship, English
branches and special course for civil service
examinations, etc. ; life scholarship, $50; low
rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley ; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day _ eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MARCHESI'S vocal studio reop»>r.o_ Sll L»av-
enworth, nr. Sutter; pri. tuition; voice cult.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory In
Leipsic; lessons, 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annls Montague Turner, vocal instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month: references;
private lessons: terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
KLOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Presß Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes: prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the some price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light It flouts. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
$3 50 up; gold fillings, $1 up; silver, 50c up;
bridge work a specialty; -written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. DRB. PERRY & CHRISTIE, 8 Mason
Bt., corner Market; phone, South 781.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market st., be-
tween Third and Fourth — Painless filling, ex-
tracting, crowning and bridging by use of
electricity; plates. $5 up jfilllng, 60c up; crowns
and bridges, $5 up; extracting, with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'FarTell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 969 Mission St., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-67 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S CaL Carpet-cleaning Co., 453
Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relald at 3c
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 234. GEO. ffOt/nM. Proprietor.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL 'type writers sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond, $35; Caligraph, $15: Yost, $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST homes In San Francisco, 5c to all
parts of city.
$200 secures 4-room cottage; balance as rent.
$125 buys fine building lots; rents $6, $8 and
$10 per month. THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa
St., Ocean View.
$325— LARGE lot 44:6x103:6, near Sunny side; 2
car lines; perfectly level; new cottage oppo-
site; positive bargain. 21 Powell st., rooms
1 and 2.
$1700— HANDSOME cottage, 4 rooms; bath;
basement; large lot; street work done; H
cash. Apply 324 North aye.. near Cortland st.
COUNTRY REAL, ESTATE.
$700— 20-ACRE colony lot, 3 miles from~M7r^
ced, with water; terms easy; lot leveled;
will trade for city property. Box 237, Merced,
Cal.
HERE Is a bargain: 15S acres, 2-story house,
good barn; appraised value, J23SO; 100 acres
level, finest moist loam soil; 2 miles from
town on main county road; owner going East;
$1000; don't miss this chance. THE REY-
NOLDS CO.. 35 Third st.
TEXAS lady visiting California wishes to sell
fine Texas ranches from $4 to 120 per acre In
all parts of Texas: would exchange. MRS. P.
T. NORWOOD, 1356 Harrison St.. Oakland.
TO RENT In Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek; 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150
acres land; well watered, wooded: 350 acres
good grain land; balance excellent pasture;
suitable milk or stock ranch; R. R. facilities;
crops never fall. R. E. Rowland, Orinda Park
FOR Sale— Stock ranch. 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land: remainder grazing, hill
land: abundant feed; well sheltered and
watered; situated In Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad: price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON. Marysvllle. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400— A MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property; fine, largn
lot; best buy in Oakland; Gallndo Tract,
East Oakland; a charming view and grand
elevation; city water and sewer; Peralta aye.
and Belmont st: price $1400.
$125— Grand building lots; 35x114; $10 cash;
monthly payments to suit.
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh St., corner Broadway. Oak-
land: carriage free. H. 5". JONES, owner.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MR3. K.
CHATMAN. SOS 27th St.. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE-Good and cneapT^HTTsCHßlll^
HAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. Sue him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1500— LARGE COTTAGE 7 rooms; lot 50x140;
well, windmill; all street work complete;
easy terms.
$10,000, reduced to $6000— Elegant home;
modern house: flnes.t Btreet In Alameda; first-
class neighborhood; lot 75x173; must be sold.
E. D. JUDD & CO.,
1424 Park St., Alameda.
SAN JOSE aye., 2241, Park st. station— Fur-
nished 7-room cottage 6 months; 1 to 4 p. m.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEAR the university, In the very best part
of beautiful Berkeley; house of 7 rooms and
bath; large lot; street work all done. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
ALTA PUNTA Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage;
look at this. Map at G. W. HAIGHT, 220
Sansome st., S. F.
PROPERTY WASTED.
75-ACRE ranch, cultivated, for city or Oakland
property. 423^4 Mississippi st.
30-ACRE fruit ranch for city or Oakland prop-
erty. 4234 Mississippi st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
GOLDEN GATE Loan Office. 10 Sixth St.. Is
Open to-day. Saturday, September 17; most re-
liable place to borrow money on watches. Jew-
elry and diamonds. W. J. HESTHAL; unre-
deemed pledges at very low rates.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st., above
Sixth; telephone Southj 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwfn Jewelry
Store. 948 Market St.; tel. Green 204.
AT 6 per cent— City and Oakland real estate,
estates and legacies. Manhattan Loan Co.,
Crocker building.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential: no commis-
sion: lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission: $26 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at C\j per cent on real estate: 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
COLONIAL Inv. Co. — Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country: furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates- city and
ecu:itry. J. W. WRIGHT, 63C Market st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a speaialty. MURPHY, 636 Market St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL^
FOREIGN and home capital to invest! SYl^
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32S Montgomery st.
SEWING MACHINES^
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest ratps. 205 Fourth st.
BICYCLES.
I WILL sell 16 new 1837 high-grade bicycles
(sold In 1897 for $100) at $29; biggest bargain
of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH
HOLLE, Twentieth and Folsom eta
FOR sale— Gent's bicycle; in good condition;
cheap. Box 1271, Call office.
ATTORNEYS AT LAw!
L. 8. CLARK — Emma Spreckels bldg., 327 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
AD VICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall wll! not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publicantion offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BARR— In Oakland, September 14. 1898, to the
wife of D. J. Barr, a son.
BINNEWEG— In Oakland, September 16, IS9B,
to the wife of A. Blnneweg, a daughter.
GILLBERG— In South San Francisco, to the
wife of H. F. Gillberg, a son.
JOCHIMS— In this city, September 15, 1898. to
the wife of C. .Tochims, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANDERSON— RAMACCIOTTI —In this city
September 14, IS9B, by the Rev. W. M. Reilly,
rector of St. Paul's Church, Relnhold L. An-
derson and Serena C. Ramacciotti.
BADT— TOBRINER— In this city, September
11, 1898, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. Melville
8. Badt of Wells, Nev., and Delia Tobrlner
of Oakland.
NEWMAN— WISE— In this city, September 14,
1898. by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto. William New-
man of Fresno and Lillian A. Wise, of San
Francisco.
NUTTING— HANDY— In this city, September
8, 1898, by the Rev. W. M. Reilly, rector of
Bt. Paul's Church, George C. Nutting and
Adele B. Handy.
YOUNG— SMITH— In this city, September 10
1898. by the Rev. W. M. Reilly, rector of St.
Paul's Church, Thomas J. Young and Nellie
Smith.
DIED.
Ballleu, Edward Hulsman, Joneph F.
Bang, Markus Jones, Charles
Blrdsall. Mrs. N. A. Keat, Henry E.
Browne, Lucy A. Koester, Howard
Campe, Mrs. Geshe MeCann, Bridget E.
Collins, Timothy McCarthy, Joseph H
Colton. Hannah E. Mayntzer. Juseph
Colvin. Mrs. M. A. Monaghan, Hugh B.
Cox, Joseph F. Noble. Mrs. C.
Ferdian. Charles Parker. Frank E.
Garasslno, Mary Ruge, George
Grlffln. Mrs. L. R. 6chaefer. Edward
Hart. Noah Trout. William
Hayden. Martin Tubb, Mary M.
BALLIEU— In this city, Beptember 16, 1898,
Edward Ballleu, a native of Switzerland,
aged 66 years.
BANCJ— In this city. September 18, 1858, Mar- t
km Bang, beloved nephew of Martin Srvert-
sen, a native of Norway, aged 21 years 8
months and 3 days. ■..
[C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. .
BIRDSALL— In this city. September 18. 1898,
Mrs. N. A., wife of Z. Btrdsall. a native of
New York, aged 64 years.
BROWNE —In Oakland. September 16, 1898,
Lucy Anne, widow of the late J. Ross
Browne, a native of Washington, D. C, aged
<2 years and 9 months.
1 Funeral services to-morrow (Sunday), at
2 o'clock, at her late residnece. 438 Edward
street, Oakland. • Interment private.
CAMPE— In Alameda. September 15, 1898, Mrs.
Geshe Campe, beloved wife of John Fred-
erick Campe, and mother of Grace. Bertha,
Henry and the late Frederick Campe. a na-
tive of Baden, Hanover, Germany, aged 44
yearn 3 months and 21 days. . i
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1222 Park avenue. Interment pri- ,
vate, in I. O. O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco,
Via 2 o'clock creek boat. Please omit flowers.
COLLINS— In this city. September 16, 1898.
Timothy Collins, beloved brother of Mrs.
Mary Hallinan and Mrs. M. J. Sullivan, a
native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 41
years and fi months.
E7"Funeral strictly private. Please omit
flowers.
COLTON-In this city. September 15, 1838.
Hannah E.. beloved wife of Nathaniel Colton.
a native of Prince , Edwards Island, aged 44
years.
t£?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, cor-
ner of Stockton and Geary streets. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COLVIN— In Oakland. September 11, 189 S. Mrs.
M. A. Colvin. mother of Clarence Colvin.
Mrs. V. E. Drake and Mrs. F. Thomas, a
native of London, England, aged 67 years.
COX— this city, September 16, IS9B, Joseph
F.. dearly beloved husband of Mary J. Cox.
and father of Richard and Albert Cox. Mrs.
S. Thomas and Mrs. O. P. Murray, a native !
of England, aged 54 years 8 months and 11
days. A member of Hiram Lodge No. 43. F.
and A. M., at El Dorado. Cal., Diamond
Spring Lodge No. 9, I. O. O. F., and Court
Adelaide No. 7751. A. O. F.
IT^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, Irom his late resi-
dence, 1066% Howard street, between Seventh
and Eighth, thence to Masonic Temple,
Post and Montgomery streets, where funeral
services will be held, -commencing at 1:30
o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FERDIAN— In the City and County Hospital,
September 16. IS9B. Charles Ferdian, a native
of Austria, aged 49 years.
GARASSINO— In this city, September 16. 1898.
Mary, dearly beloved daughter of Benedetta
and the late Stephen Garasslno, and sister
of Nicholas, Katie. John. Pauline, Frank
and Domenic Garassino, Mrs. Elizabeth Don-
dero and Mrs. Clara Binsacca of Watson-
vllle and Mrs. L. Demartinl of San Fran-
cisco, a native of San Francisco, aged 29
years 2 months and 14 days.
(^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 194 Farragut avenue (Ocean View),
thence to St. Michael's Church. Ocean View,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 11:30 o'clock, thence to Holy
Cross Cemetery.
GRIFFIN— In this city, September 15, 1898.
Mrs. L. R. Griffin, mother of Miss Ina Grif-
fin, and sister of Mrs. A. A. Sanderson.
CFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, at the chapel of the crema-
tory at Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Ban Fran-
cisco.
HART— In this city. September 15, IS9S. Noah,
beloved husband of Julia Hart, son of Wil-
liam Hart of Oakland, and son-in-law of J.
H. Coyler, a native of England, aged 40 years
2 months and 5 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), nt 11 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 339 Fourth street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric funeral car.
HAYDEN— In this city, September 16, 1898.
Martin, beloved husband of Ellen Hayden,
father of Tessie, Ellen and James Hayden.
beloved son of Patrick and Bridget Hayden,
and brother of James, John and Mary Hay-
den, a native of Thurles, County Tipperary,
Ireland, aged 39 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully irvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1415 Valencia street, thence to St. •
James Church, corner Twenty-third and Gu-
errero streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HULSMAN— In this city, September 16. 1898,
Joseph F.. dearly beloved and only child of
Albert and Minnie Hulsman, a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 months and 12 days.
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 17 Masonic . avenue, near Point
Lobos. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JONES —In this city. September 16, 1898.
Charles, beloved husband of Emma Jones,
father of Charles J. Jones, grandfather of
Charles R. Jones and Mrs. J. B. Horn, and "
great grandfather of Wanda. Camllle and
Wesley Horn, a native of Penkridge. Staf-
fordshire. England, aged 78 years 6 months
and 22 days.
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
September 19, at 9:30 o'clock, from Simpson
M. E. Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan
streets, where services will be held. Inter-*
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
KEAT — In Napa, Cal., September 15. 1898,
Henry E. Keat, beloved brother of Mrs. 3.
Bradaock. Mrs. F. Leeming. Mrs. E. Black.
Mrs. I. M. Osborn and William Keat. a na-
tive of England, aged 37 years.
KOESTER— In this city, September 16. 1898,
Howard, beloved son of Edward and Annie
Koester, a native of San Francjsco, aged 4
months.
McCANN — In this city, September 15. 1898,
Bridget Elizabeth, beloved wife of James
MeCann, mother of Josephine, Willie and
Marguerite McCann, daughter of the late
Joseph and Rebecca Monaghan. and sister
of Mrs. Frank Dunn, Mrs. C. F. Kapp and
Mrs. i George Taylor, a native of England,
aged 28 years.
E7"Frtends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 8:15
o'clock, from the parlors of the United Un-
dertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street, thence to St.
Dominic's Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MCCARTHY -In South San Francisco, Septem-
ber 16, IS3B, Joseph Henry, dearly beloved
husband of Caroline C. McCarthy, beloved
father of Joseph L. McCarthy, only son of
Annie McCarthy, and son-in-law of Charles
Nonnemann Sr.. a native of California, aged
38 years 3 months and 27 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1312 Sixth avenue s^uth, between It
and M streets south, thence to All-Hallows*
Church, N street and Sixteenth avenue south.
South San Francisco, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAYNTZER-In this city. September 16. 1898.
Joseph, beloved son of Mrs. Emilia and the-
late Joseph Mayntzer, brother of Peter and
Walter Mayntzer, and nephew of Fred Ed-
wards, a native of San Francisco, aged 21
years 4 months and 6 days.
E^Notlee of funeral hereafter.
MONAGHAN— In this city, September 15, 1893.
Hugh S., beloved son of Hugh and the late
Margaret Monaghan, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 10 months and 2 days.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2320 Larkin street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
NOBLE— In this city. September 16, 1898, Mr*.
C. Noble, mother of Mrs. C. Boughton, a na-
tive of New York, aged S3 years.
PARKER— In the City and County Hospital,
September 16, 1898, Frank Edgar Parker, a
native of New York, aged 61 years.
RUGE— In this city, September 15, 1898, George,
dearly beloved husband of Anna Eliza Ruge,
and father of . George, ■ Henry . and the late
Anna Ruge, a native of Schleswlg-, Holsteln,
Germany, a«ed 49 years 11 months and IT
days. A member of the San Francisco Turn
, Vermin, Turn ' Verein Schuetzen - Section,
Vereln Elntracht and Verein Concordla.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the San . Fran-
cisco Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk street, .
where funeral services will be held. Re-
mains at the parlors of ft. F. Suhr & Co.,
1209 Mission street. Interment I. O. O. P.
' Cemetery -
SCHAEFER— In the City and County Hospital,
September 16, IS9B, Edward Schaefer, a na-
tive .of Germany, aged 63 years. •
TROUT— In this city, September 15. 1898, at St.
- Mary's Hospital, of cerebro-splnal menin-
gitis, William, beloved brother of Conrad
Trout of St. Joseph, Mo., a native of Penn-
sylvania, aged 30 years. (St. Joseph, Mo.,
papers please copy.)
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and : Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
TUBB— In. this city, September 14, 1898, Mary
Martha, beloved ■ wife of Rev. William H.
Tubb. and mother of Penelope V., Laura L.,
Ellen M. C, George A. A., William H. Jr.
and Thomas Flournoy Tubb, Mrs. John Lad-
dish and Mrs. • William Jamieson, a native
of fich welch, : Holsteln, Germany, aged - 55
years 7 months and 2 days. •-.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
•:■ fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday)." at 1:30 o'clock sharp, from Beth-
lehem Congregational Church, Vermont street,
near : Twenty-fourth. Interment : Laurel Hill
" Cemetery. -.■-: .-• ' - •
I JHcA VOY & GALLAGHER, f 1
■FUNERAL DIRECTORS EMBALMBM I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER*!
■ £0 FIFTH ST., op;. Lincoln School. ; i| .
I '■ ' ' Telephone, < South .'MLlllLl.-- ! I -■ '■■ '.
1314
THE COUNTY
HOSPITAL IN
NEED OF FUNDS
Lavish Expenditure Is
One Cause.
INMATES ARE NEGLECTED
DR. STJSSDORF USES THE CITY'S
MONEY FOR LUXURIES.
Threatens the Health of Employes
and Patients by Depriving the
Main Corridof o£
Light.
Luxury and want go hand In hand at
the City and County Hospital. Within
tho dornyed and reeking halls of the old
structure on Potrero avenue the super
intendent of the institution, G. E. Suss
<Jorf, lives a life of an epicure, while the
400 or more inmates sent under his care
are huddled together and deprived of
necessaries.
. The latest outrage complained of !
among the many perpetrated upon these
unfortunates of public charity 1b the re
cent erection of a . magnificent dining
room In the upper or southerly end of
the main corridor, which completely
shuts out whatever light was formerly
afforded th£ corridor by the windows
facing Potrero avenue. Bussdorf s object
in committing this outrage upon the
health of both employes and patients was
to provide a means whereby he and his
family could hold aloof from what he is
pleased to call "the common horde,"
Although the main dining room was
considered good enough for all of Suss
dorf's predecessors It was found to be
Intolerable by both him and his family.
The new room as erected is about ten
feet square and is furnished and adorned
In a style seldom seen In the finest homes.
The walls are tinted and beautifully dec
orated with what is known In high art as
Egyptian red effects. The entire apart
ment is placed under lock and key and is
reserved for Sussdorf, his wife and her
brother (the latter brought out from the
East to share the fortunes and hopes of
his sister's husband at the County Hos
pital) and the superintendent's son. Mrs.
Sussdorfs brother lives at the hospital,
enjoys the privileges of more than the
highest subordinate, drives behind the
coachman in the carriage supplied at the
city's expense and enjoys generally the
easy and lazy life mapped out for him by
his "sister and her indulgent husband.
Sussdorf not only refuses to associate
at table with his Internes and other em
ployes but refuses to submit to the di
gestion of the same food supplied to their
tables. The chief cook of the hospital
receives his Instructions daily as to the
menu to be provided for the little dining
table at the end of the main corridor,
and also receives the admonition to ob
tain and prepare the best and the cost
liest viands obtainable on pain of dis
missal.
At dinner two waiters are kept in con-
Btant attendance behind the chairs of
those seated around the sumptuous
board in the private apartment. Dinner
over, it Is the custom of the Bussdorf
dynasty to indulge In recreation and
pleaeure until late in the night. The
employes, without exception, aver that
the superintendent never leaves the room
in a normal state, but on the contrary, is
always in that stage of exhilaration
where a guide is found necessary to es- j
cort him to his sleeping apartments. ;
Nevertheless, Sussdorf Is a Keely cure
•expert, having had charge of the old
institution at Los Gatos. From every
employe he demands homage, and unless
the proper and regulation salaam is af
forded him the culprit is admonished and
called to account for his insubordination
the following day.
As a consequence of Sussdorf's dicta
torial and domineering treatment, the in
ternes under his supervision have delved
into history for a proper regal appella
tion with which to refer to their su
perior. The title considered most appro
priate is drawn from the sobriquet made
in ridicule of James the First, of Eng
land, of his "sowship." The superin
tendent now wanders around the corri
dors in his revels with the title of his
"Sowship Gustave."
It is found absolutely necessary to the
comfort of Sussdorfs wife that she have
a maid to attend to her wants. In order
to supply proper apartments for this ad
ditional luxury the internes, who for
mally were installed in the front room
overlooking the main entrance to the
building, have had to sacrifice it to the
young woman who waits upon Mrs. Suss
dorf. A dingy and unhealthful den has
been provided for the unlucky young doc
tors in the rear of the hospital building
where they have urgent necessity of us
ing their skill in warding off and prevent
ing the incubation of disease germs.
As a consequence of the flagrant out
rages at the hospital more money is need
ed. The Supervisors and the members
of the Board of Health are either un
aware or blind to the actions of the su
perintendent, to whom they award appro
priation after appropriation, without car
ing to investigate whether the money
awarded is expended legitimately and for
the purposes for which it is asked or
used ■ by the superintendent in the fur
therance of his own comfort.
Although the dining room alluded to
and an elaborately erected bathroom (also
built by Sussdorf for himself and family)
have been lately erected, more money
was asked by him at the meeting of the
Supervisors last Wednesday afternoon for
supplies for patients and wages for em
ployes.
- The motion made was Introduced by
Supervisor Dodge and encouraged by the
superintendent of the hospital. The ex
act quotation following is from a pub
lished report of the matron:
, Supervisor Dodge stated that the hospital ap
propriation should not be disturbed. He said
that since IS9I revenues of the City and County
Hospital had been gradually cut down until
now they were 33 1-3 per cent' less than they
•were In IS9I. The hospital gave employment to
132 people, over sixty In 1891, and the inmates
have been Increasing all the time. "Tet with
all thin additional expense," said Dr. Dodge
"you expect us to run the hospital at a lower
figure. The Board of Health put to work the
extra clerical force, and I suppose it has got
to be paid."
Dr. Sussdorf supported Dr. Dodge In a plea
for a good appropriation for the hospital.
i Although this additional appropriation
IB asked the amount expended already by
Bus«dorf Is far in excess of that made
for the entire previous year.
The petty fund, which serves as a
source of revenue to the institution from
the sale of junk, etc., Is entirely exhaust
rd It has been stated that as soon as
this fund would assume an dimensions
it would suddenly disappear. Where It
went nobody in the institution seems to
■ know, or in fact has a right to know,
Flnce the key to the little coffer where
the money is stored is held by the super
intendent.
To exemplify the total laxity of method
In conducting the affairs of the institution
one of the internes recently made requi
sition for an apron for use in the operat
ing room, and was told by Sussdorf that
there Wits no money In the petty fund to
defray the expense of furnishing the re
quired article. From this assertion it
would appear that The supplies for the
institution were bought from the money in
the petty fund; and that the yearly ap
propriation made for such supplies was
expended In the erection of private din
ing rooms nnd bathrooms, salaries for
maids and specially hired men to wait
upon the superintendent and his family
and minions, table viands, coachmen
cooks, waiters, etc.
Whether Suspdorf will be permitted
longer to outrage the trust Imposed In
him by neglecting the patients sent under
his care by depriving them of food and
other necessaries will be decided by the
Board of Health, the majority of the
members of which body have already
taken coctilxanfe of his laxity In con
ducting the institution.
BOTTtiEMEIIVS CONCERT HALL., reopened
with the Union Ladles' Orchestra, 513 Pacific »t.
Senator Foraker writes about tho
control and trade of our new colonies,
In next Sunday's Gall.
THE ALHAMBRA
LOOKS FOR A
NEW DIRECTOR
De Kannet Leaves the
Management.
LOCAL IMPRESARIOS APPLY
THE POSITION WILL GO TO AN
EASTERN MAN.
Appointment to Be Made on Monday.
Original Policy of the House
Is to Be Pur
sued.
The Alhambra wants a new manager.
The corporation which controls the des
tiny of the new vaudeville house has had
a row with its director, General de Kan
net, and that gentleman, with a masterly
forethought, has handed In his resigna
tion.
There was no dissenting vote, and the
retirement of the manager was agreed
upon. A difference of opinion as to how
a vaudeville house should be run was the
cause of the difficulty. While De Kan
net's management did not meet with the
approval of the board, still, all unite in
agreeing that the director was doing his
best, although his best did not reach the
high standard aimed, at by the corpora
tion.
De Kannet's bookings, while they
showed variety, lacked what the new
house had promisd— novelties — and to this
the directors took objection. The matter
was placed before the board at the Thurs
day meeting, and De Kannet appeared in
his own defense. Business discussion led
to an exchange of words, and the result
was that Dr. de Kannet asked that his
position be declared vacant.
Many applications have been received
by the corporation for the vacant man
agership, and the candidates for the posi
tion include some of the best-known
names in the world of variety manage
ment. A few local men are in the race,
but it has been decided that the place
is to go to an Eastern man.
The election for the new manager will
take place at the coming meeting of the
board of directors on Monday next, and
the new man will immediately enter upon
his duties.
Notwithstanding reports to the con
trary, the Alhambra will continue as it
so successfully began in th"c field of vau
deville. The directors have no intention
of making it an opposition house, but j
hope to gain public patronage and favor
by the excellence of their Gills and the j
high-class novelty of their attractions.
Dr. do Kannet will probably return i
East, where he has been closely identified
with vaudeville management In Boston,
Chicago and New York.
ALL SOLDIERS WELCOME.
From the firm of Carrlall & Marston,
proprietors of the Original Creamerie
Restaurant. 865 Market street, near Fifth,
Mr. Cardall has withdrawn, and purposes,
after fifteen years active service as a
successful restaurateur, to leave for a
European trip. Mr. Frank W. Marston,
whose prominent mention for Supervisor
for the Twelth Ward is but an expression
on the p«xt of his friends of his popu
larity, will conduct the Original Crc-am
erie alone. He Is the past president of
the Native Sons, and few young men ol
the State are better or more favorably
known. The Original Creamerie is one,
of the most popular restaurants of the
city and does an immense business. Its
success is due to th« fact that every
thing is neat and clean; that popular
prices prevail; that only the best mate
rial is supplied; that the waiters are po
lite and render quick service, and that
it Is open all night. A notice to this ef
fect, "All Soldiers Welcome," has been
conspicuous in front of the Original
Creamerie the past two days. •
A PROMINENT BUTCHER SERIOUSLY ILL
Mark Strouse, Proprietor of the Bay City Market, Who Is Confined
to His Home With a Serious Attack of La Grippe.
Mark Strouse, proprietor of the Bay City Market and one of the best
known butchers in this State, is confined to his home, 2412 Pacific ave
nue, suffering from a serious case of la grippe. The attack was sudden,
coming on while he was at work in his establishment on Market street
Thursday afternoon. A feeling of faintness came over him, but he man
aged to reach his office. His niece, seeing his condition, dispatched mes
sengers for physicians, and within a short time a number were In attend
ance. They all advised his removal to his home, where he is now, receiv
ing the tender ministrations of his wife and daughter.
Dr. Prossek, the family physician, and Dr. Miller, who has been spe
cially called In, are hopeful of the recovery of their patient, as he is en
dowed with a splendid constitution. Mr. Strouse's numerous friends are
showing great anxiety over his condition. Many have personally called
at the sick man's home nnd place of business for news of his condition, and
have been well pleased to learn that hope for his return to health is enter,
tamed.
Mr. Strouse is 52 years old, and personally looks out for his immense
Interests. For the past nineteen years he has left his homo promptly at
4 o'clock in the morning, driving to his place of business. There he has
set an example to his assistants by doming his coat and vigorously cut
ting up the meat to be disposed of during the day. It has been his wont
at 9 o'clock to visit the refrigerators and order meat for the following day.
On returning to his establishment he continued cutting meat and trans
acting the affairs of his business until 11 o'clock at night. But for his vlg
ous health Mr. Strouse would not have survived the strain.
It is thought that he contracted hiß present ailment while among the
refrigerators.
THE SAJS FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1898.
ERECTED IN HONOR OF GOD.
Dedicatory Exercises Will Be Held To-Morrow in the
Park Congregational Church.
The new home of Park Congregational Church, on Hayes street, near
Lyon, will be dedicated to-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock by the Rev. P.
I. Wheat, formerly of Brooklyn, N. V., who has accepted the call to the
pastorate. The present church began as a branch Sunday-school of the
First Congregational Church in September, 18SS, and was organized as a
church in February, 1593.
After an organ voluntary and a hymn by the congregation there will
be an Invocation by Rev. P. Coombe; anthem by choir; Scripture reading.
Professor Lloyd; short addresses by Rev. J. K. McLean, D.D., Rev. F. B:
Cherlngton, Rev. William Rader and Rev. J. R. Krodell; remarks, pres
ident of board of directors; report by treasurer, F. A. Hatch; special an
nouncements. Rev. George C. Adams, D.D. ; hymn by congregation; re
sponsive service by the deacons; the act of dedication; responsive by Rev.
J. K. Harrison; dedicatory prayer, Rev. F. I. Wheat; Doxology; benedic
tion.
HIDE AND SEEK
AS PLAYED BY
SUPERVISORS
His Committeemen
Elude Rottanzi.
HELD A SECRET MEETING
MUNICIPAL TAX RATE WAS DIS
CUSSED.
Six Supervisors Said to Favor a
Low Bate and the Other
Six a High,
One.
A little game of hide and Keek was in
progress late yesterday afternoon. In
which Supervisors Rottanzi, Hasklns and
Devany were the leading actors, assisted
by Delnny and Rivers.
It happened that during the morning
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors held a meeting in the com
mittee-room at the city buildings, with
Chairman Rottanzi absent. The doctor
was on duty out at the Heads guarding
those big cannon which protect the city
of San Francisco. He could not be con
veniently spared, and so telephoned to
Devany and Haskins, but told them In
the same breath that If they wanted to
take up the consideration of the tax levy
during the afternoon he would come to
town and see them. The Finance Com
mittee had been Instructed to prepare a
tax schedule to present to the Super
visors to-day when they sit In committee
of the whole.
The hours of the afternoon dragged
slowly by, and Supervisor Rottanzi, sit
ting on a camp stool by the big guns and
enshrouded by drifting fog banks, won
dered why he did not get a Finance Com
mittee message. When It grew dark he
took passage for the city, and visited
several places where Supervisors are
wont to congregate, but failed to see the
missing commlteemen.
li was a clever game of hide and seek.
Devany and Hasklns had a little financial
meeting of their own during the after
noon to fix on certain items of the tax
levy, and they had called in Delany and
Rivers to assist. In the evening they
did not care to go over the whole ground
with the chairman of the committee, so
they left him out.
The afternoon meeting was held under
difficulties. The reporters -were deter
mined to be present, and the committee
men were equally determined that they
should not be. As the meetings of com
mittees are by rule open to the press and
citizens, the only way to avoid a public
session was to meet secretly in another
part of the building behind locked doors.
This remarkable proceeding was carried
out. Three department appropriations
were considered, also the question of the
new Zoo Park. --c amount of money
to be given to each department was llxed
and with the full approval of Delany and
Rivers. Delanv was determined that the
Zoo Park project should be carried out
at all hazards. He quoted the tax rates
of Eastern cnlos and wound up by de
claring that it would be better to have a
J5 per hundred tax rate than a dollar
rate. It would give poor men work to do
If the high rate was fixed.
The impromptu Penance Committee fin
ally adjourned the afternoon secret
session without agreeing on the total
rate. It was, however, arranged that an
evening session should be held to finish
the Job. No mention of the place of
meeting was placarded, nor was any no
tice sent to Chairman Rottanzi.
The latter, however, will be before the
Supervisors this morning with an inde
pendent tax schedule, which, the doctor
said last evening, would represent the
views of six of the Supervisors. "I ex
pect a deadlock over the tax rate," he
remarked. "The two Republicans. Smith
and Morton, are understood to be In favor
of a low tax rate, although somewhat
above the dollar limit. When it comes
to a vote Smith, Morton, Clinton. Dodge,
Lackmann and Rottanzi will \\p found on
the side of low taxes, and Devany, Has
klns, Delany, Sheehan, Britt and Rivers
for a high rate. What these last named
gentlemen will propose only they know.
There has been no meeting of 'the Fi
nance Committee to fix on a tax rate
that is. I have attended no meeting for
that purpose."
Supervisor Haskins was asked yester
day morning as to why the Finance Com
mittee did not meet according to instruc
tions of the board to prepare a tax sched
ule for Saturday morning. "We don't
know what we will do," was the vague
reply.
The Committee on Health and Police of
the Board of Supervisors held a meeting
Friday morning and decided on the fol
lowing recommendations: That the
Hartford Athletic Club be permitted to
hold a boxing exhibition at its club rooms.
13 Hartford street, between September 20
and 30, without the payment of license
that $14 bo refunded to Sarah N. Norton,
said amount nerving been paid to the
poundmaster for the release of three
cows and one calf.
The Supervisors will, within the next
two weeks, order bids to be received for
the public printing for a period of two
years from January 1, 1899. This print-
Ing is now done under farcical conditions
In a daily "medium" unknown to the gen
eral public. It is practically impossible
for a reputable newspaper of general cir
culation to publish paid city notices and
other matter, owing to the custom of
awarding the contract to the lowest bid
der. It happens that the lowest in this
case is a free bid, the publisher depending
upon extras for compensation.
This Week's Wasp.
"Wlth this week's number of the Wasp r
handsome colored supplement Is issued con
taining excellent pictures of the Republican
candidates on the State ticket, a piece, of work
that reflects credit on the publishers and la
well worth framing. The cartoons are excep
tionally strong. "Nurse Majpilre's Bogle Man"
being the subject of the center one, while a
clever allusion Is made to Mayor Phelan's
hefting methods in connection with the Non-
I'artlsans' endorsement of him for the mayor
alty. Other pictorial features are fine engrav
ings of the Flood mansion and grounds which
Miss Flood has just given to the State Tni- >
yerslty, half tones of other prominent Repub- !
lican nominees, and Coufer's humorous Ran- j
dom Sketches of the week's happenings. The |
editorial comment embraces a wide field of sub
jects, while the records of the candidates very
fully gone Into form Interesting and timely
reading matter. Senator Mulrooney discourses
with shrewd native wit on local politics, and
the musical and thi-rxtrical criticisms cover the \
ground very thoroughly in those departments.
Twenty-Five Years Married.
Mr. and Mrs. William Garms will cele
brate the twenty-fifth anniversary of
their wedding this evening at Teutonla
Hall on Tenth street.
Mr. Garms, who is a well-known and
prosperous brewer, Is one of the most
popular of our German citizens. He Is a
crack member of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Vorein, which society, one
hundred strong, will attend his silver
wedding celebration. The company will
meet at the Garms home, 417 Tenth street,
and march in a body to the Howard
street hall, where festivities will reign
supreme.
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY ia
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It is pure.
Bosser Charged With Murder.
Coroner Hawkins held an inquest yes
terday morning; on the body of Henry
Hllderbrand, murdered by Walter Rosser
of the Hospital Corps of the Tennessee
Regiment. No new evidence was elicited.
The Jury returned a verdict that "Walter
Rosser fired the fatal shot, and we charge
him with murder."
Rosser was present at the Inquest, but,
pv- the advice of his attorney, refrained
from taking the witness stand.
If the lead In your pencil 13 poor, try the
famous "Koh-I-Noor." •
ROSH HASHONO
CELEBRATED
IMPRESSIVELY
The Jewish New Year
Is Ushered In.
MANY WORSHIPERS ATTEND
SPECIAL CEREMONIES HELD AT
THE SYNAGOGUES.
The Rabbis Learnedly Discourse Upon
the Sacred Sentiments Evoked
by the Great Festal
Occasion.
The year of 5659 according to the Jew
ish calendar was ushered In last night
by special services in all of the syna
gogues. The places of worship were well
filled and sermons appropriate to the oc
casion were delivered. In some of the
temples the services commenced at 6
o'clock, while in others it was 8 o'clock
before the congregations met to properly
welcome the advent of the new year.
The orthodox Oriental Hebrews will
celebrate the new year to-day and Sun-
REMINDED OF THE CREATION.
The first day of the Jewish
— sanctified by the in
spired word of holy revela
tion, hallowed by the attrac
tive voice of venerable tradi
tion, endeared by the beloved
memory of ancient custom,
and impressed on the heart
by the mingled feelings of
dreadful awe, grateful aspir
ations and fervent Joy which
its advent excites — is for the
Israelite an annual appeal to
solemn thoughts and serious
reflection!!.
"While crossing the thres
hold of time from one year
to another, the Israelite is
forcibly reminded of the cre
ation and of the universal
sovereignty of the Creator,
and Is called upon to cele
brate, with blast of trumpet,
the anniversary, so to speak,
of the birth of time and ■of
the coronation of the great
Kin sr.
.He is also summoned by
the voice of the name trum
pet or Shopuar, to scrutinize
retrospectively his actions of
the past year while he stand*
trembling: before the all-see
ing: eye of eternal justice sit
ting' on the throne of judg
ment.
On the New Year, there
fore, the first of the "Ten
Days of Penitence," the wor
shiper Is urged by the
sound of the Shophar to com
mence the work: of spiritual
preparation for approaching
the mercy seat of our loving
Father on the day of expia
tion, when gracious'compas
sion, ever ready to pardon,
has declared itself peculiarly
disposed to receive the peni
tent sinner if he solemnly
resolves to amend his future
conduct.
It AIIISI ISIDORE MYERS.
day In B'ne B'rlth Hall. The Rev. H. J.
Abrahams will conduct the religious ser
vices, and on both days sermons will be
delivered at 10 a. m. by Dr. G. A. Dan
ziger. Ivol Nidre will be observed by
them on fiunday, September 25, at S p.
m. Rabbi Abrahams will officiate, and an
iuldress will be delivered by Dr. Dan
zlger.
At Temple Emanu-El last night Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger delivered an eloquent
sermon. He spoke in an interesting man
ner on the subject "Does the Season
Teach Humility or Humiliation, or
Both?" A special programme of music,
arranged by Cantor Stark, was rendered
by the choir.
The address of welcome was delivered
at the synagogue of Congregation Sher-
REMINDS MAN OF THE FUTURE
The Jewish >*ew Year, fall
ing generally at a tarn of
the snmniertlde, Is tradition
ally the beginning: of a
period of spiritual activity.
It emphasises tlic temporal
' character of man himself and
of all his experience. It is
apt to direct one's attention
to the transient nature of
worldly ambition; to the In
stability of .many founda
tions which men deem unas
sailable. "Man born of
woman Is of few days and full
of trouble" is the keynote to
the contemplations called
forth by the season -which
begins to-night. Time meas
ured by. eternity . becomes
very insignificant. Man ought
to know and should occa
sionally remember that his
being means the death of his
ancestor and the birth of his
grandson. He is hut a link
in the chain of existence—
must pass away.' With such
serious thong-tits before him ;
It is natural that his spirit
should appeal to . God, who
fashions destiny, and ank for
guidance, -when unaided he
would be as the driftwood
that floats helplessly upon
the troubled. ■waters.
RABDI JACOB VOOItSANGER.
lth Israel by Rabbi Jacob Nieto. A spe-
cial programme of music has been ar
ranged by Cantor Davis for the services
to be held to-day, when Rabbi Nieto will
speak upon trie "Significance of the Day."
A musical service was held last evening
at the Bush-street Temple. Rabbi Isi
dore Meyers made a brief address, after
which Cantor Myerson, assisted by a
double quartet, rendered "Burchu," "Mi
Chomocho" and "Shma Israel." The fol
lowing services have been arranged for
the festal occasion: Saturday, Septem
ber 17. service begins at 8 a. m., sermon
at 11:45 a. m.— subject, "The Book of
Ufe"; Sunday, September 18, service be
gins at 8 a. m., sermon at 11:45 a. m. —
subject, "The Ehophar," a sermon in
verse; Saturday, September 24, service be
ADVERTISEMENTS. \^^____ ___.'..-
to" "J - Concert from 2to 5 P. .M.
J" &*% = &§£%\l Continuance of millinery and
*^V^ \A%**Jf dress goods exhibits.
t Interesting values in gloves,
£§TT veilings, blankets and outer
garments.
Hlf • We ask you to come and to
I Q S look and '■'* criticize< , We want
your honest opinion and your
comments on these fall and winter collections, of what we
think is the best that the world produces.
program to-day :
- ;■: PART i.
1. March, "Love and Glory" (new).Benolst
2. Waft*. "The Emperor" Strauss
3. Overture, "La Streae" Auher
4. Gavotte. "Sans Soucl" Czihulka
5. "Arabian Dance" Puerner
<• (A ' characteristic Oriental composition.)
6. Medley, "A Cluster of Peaches" Beyer
Introducing: "The Czar of the Ten-
derloin" "Don't Mention Her
.Name, . "Honey, Is Yer Gwlne to
Throw Me Down?" "The Warmest
Baby lnthe Bunch." "On the Banks
of the Wabash," etc.
our dollar glove
More satisfaction than a dollar
usually buys; an elegant two-clasp
Pique Walking Glove in twelve'
of the latest color Ci f\fk
effects; sizes 5% to 7%. «3>I »UU
At Hale's Pair.
Hale's $1.50 glove
Hte Jouvin, the great French Kiel
Glove, three-clasp and three-row
embroidered back, in two-toned
and plain colors; the <D J VLC\
latest fancy shades; sizes M*l» Jvl
6% to 7%. At Hale's Pair. :
APRON GINGHAM, blue or brown checks 4 l-2c yard
some Saturday snaps in the notion section.
PLAIN AND FANCY FRILLED ELASTIC, 1% inches wide..sc yard
4-PLY WHITE KNITTING COTTON He ball
SHELL SIDE COMBS, the 15c ones for 10c pair
shirt waist sale
One hundred and twenty Shirt Waists in all kinds of shapes, to go
on sale at one price to-day; plain or pleated, collars colored or white,
pinks, blues, greens, grays, etc., a miscellaneous lot; some C\fl|~
sold at 73c, some $1 and others $1 25. If you can pick the size vJvJv.
you've got a snap; all to go at (sizes 32 to 38) Each.
Ask to see our great black Boucle Jacket, with velvet collar and box
front, for $3 OO
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market St.
pins at 9:45 a. m., sermon at 11:15 a. m.—
subject, "Turning and Returning."
Special services were also held in the
Geary-street Temple. The choir was aug
mented and the music was exceptionally
pood. Kabbl M. S. Levy will deliver a
sermon at 11 o'clock this morning on
"Man's Beat Friend," and on Sunday he
will speak on "Israel's Preservation."
New Year services were also held at
Congregation Shaari Zedek. corner Cal
ifornia and Stockton streets; ><evah Ze
deck Congregation Synagogue on Mission
IT TEACHES LOVE AND MERCY
The New Year Is one of the -
occasions whoa Israelites
meet together to reaffirm a.
principle. The picture pre
sented at this season of the
Jndsment of man's actions by
his Maker is specially in
tended to convince men that
always, every day and every
hour of the day are they he
ing? judged. That their ac
tions are the Impressions of
them which their fellow men
regard as the individual. The
intention of the 'day Is to
arouse In m«n a feeling: of
respect for the Rood and true
which shall impel him to do
only good. We affirm the
principle of the eternity of
justice and the certainty of
discomfiture to those who
design evil against their
neighbors. We teach again
the lair of love and mercy
and send to all who suffer
under tyranny a message of
encouragement and the as
surance that God will vindi
cate them and right their
•wrongs through the agency
of their fellow men.
RABBI JACOB NIETO.
street, between Fifth and Sixth; Beth
Menachim Streisand Synagogue on Minna
street, between Fourth and Fifth; Con
gregation Sphard Synagogue, !*39 Howard
street: Congregation Chebra Thillim
Synagogue, 1036 Folsom street.
MODJESKA
AS CAMILLE
Each performance seems to increase
the popularity of the Modjeska season
at the Baldwin. Last night she played
"Camille," the old, old play, to the un
bounded delight of a large audience.
It is only a Modjeska or a Bernhardt
or a Duse who can make this piece live
to-day. We have seen it given so often
at the hands of little and big actresses
that it is dangerously familiar. Many
of the lines have become slang, catch
phrases of more or less derision. To
many of us the glorifying of a con
sumptive courtesan has always seemed
a vain task. And yet there is a human
note, one pathetic and profound, and
a human moral h» this old masterpit?ce
that are always ready for the touch of
a really great and sincere artist.
Modjeska makes no attempt to gloss
over the seamy side of Camille's char
acter. She presents her as she was, a
woman of pleasure, brilliant, desperate,
and yet at eternal outs with herself
and her life. When the grand passion
finally comes to her she is ready to
sacrifice everything for his sake— her
own remnant of honor, which may not
matter much, and even his happiness,
which is everything. She makes the
sacrifice knowingly. She takes a sad
pleasure in feeling herself capabla^f
the heroinism. Of course it is all very
silly and very romantic, but how hu
man!
As Modjeska plays her the woman is
not maudlin; she is genuinely pathetic,
and the old, worldly regret comes up
again, "Poor thing; what a pity she
went wrong."
In only one phase of "Camille" does
Modjeska sacrifice realism to prettiness
and poetry, and that is in the death
scene— so easily burlesqued Into an
: PART 11. ' ■
7. Cornet solo, "The Sweetest Story
Ever Told" Stulz
•':' ■-■• :-■ Soloist. Mr. Bowers. ■ ;
8. Selection, "Lucia dl Lammermor" j
, Donizetti |
9. Waltz. "Sweet Dream" Ellenberg E
10. Schottische, "My Honolulu Lady"
.....Johnson
(The latest Coon song.)
11. Selection, "Clover" ...Suppe
12. March, "El Capitan" Sousa
"America."
.......
| California
blankets
', And California, by the way, pro-
duces the best wool and makes the
I best blankets in the world; a $4 50
! White Wool Blanket, size tf»*3 ftK
j 66x80 inches, silk-ribbon V JtUJ
j bound; on sale special at.. Pair.
Iy- (A small per cent cotton.)
huck towels
j A fine woven Huck Towel, a yard ;
long, colored border Q^»
fringed; the lot to go "**
I at Each.
— •'■■;-■-
orgie of microbes and cod liver ofl.
Modjeska does not insist on the patho
logical details of It. She makes the
death beautiful and touching. It is one
of the most triumphant moments of h^r
art. And after all tuberculosis is n<>t
the inevitable accompaniment to bad
morals and a broken heart.
The company did well, especially Mr.
Lonergan in the embarrassing 1 role of
Armand. The notable exception \v;.s
Mr. Herman as the Count de Varvillo,
whom he Invested with all the external
graces of a pugilist.
ASHTON STEVENS.
Asthma,Bronch)tis, Catarrh cure guarant'd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F.CaI.
AQUATIC CARNIVAL
ON RUSSIAN RIVER
Championship Rowing Regatta Will
Be Held at Long Bridge in
October.
The following representatives of the
rowing clubs were present at a meeting
of the regatta committee of the Pacific
I Association of the Amateur Athletic Un-
I ion held last night: A. H. Rothkopf of
the Dolphins, in the chair; W. C. Espy
| and C. Ocha of the Pioneers, S. J. Pem
broke of the Alamedas, J. D. Mahoney Of
the South Ends and J. R. Bockman of
the Ariels.
The regatta committee not having been
able to secure acceptable terms from the
management of El Carapo, it was decided
to hold the championship regatta at Long
Bridge on October 16 or 23.
There is a strong probability that a
water carnival will be held at Guerne
vllle on the Russian River on some Satur
! day and Sunday early in November. J.
R. Bockman of the Ariels was appointed
a committee of one to discuss the ar
rangements for the carnival with the rail
road officials, and to ascertain how the
boats to be used by the oarsmen and
scullers can be transported. It is pro
posed to erect two toboggan slides side
by side, up an incline of about fifty feet,
upon whfch small cars may run, and ta
have races between the cars with one and
two men on each car. There will be
swimming contests, diving and other
aquatic sports, as well as races between
single scullers and four-oared barge
crews. It is expected that the carnival
will attract a large number of visitors,
and will become an annual event. Tha
course is a clear mile in length, and a
high bank gives spectators an opportun
ity of watching the races from start to
finish. A grandstand will be erected for
the accommodation of visitors.
Illegal Fishers Caught.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Davis and
Lowe have been making things lively for
the illegal fishermen up the Sacramento
River. They recently confiscated three
sets of sturgeon lines, which they de
stroyed, off the Contra Costa shores. Near
Martinez they captured three fishermen
and took their boat. The offenders had
been fishing with a small mesh net and
had caught a lot of small bass and other
fish.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PUTIifMONEY IN BANK.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
Our success during the past seventeen years
has convinced -us : that we can- cure all dis-
eases and weakness of men. The price of a
cure may be ' deposited ' in any bank or repu-
table ■ business ; house in San Francisco, to be
paid to us when the patient is satisfied, and
NOT BEFORE. ,
Correspondence and all ■ transactions sacredly
confidential. Private book and advice free at
office or by mall. j i .:-..• ; •
731 Market St., San Francisco.
TlV r r , cir i mn Hours daily 8 to I*-* to i.
TAKE ELEVATOR fven^v^