VOLUME LXXXIV.-XO. 134.
REA DEFINES
HIS PLACE
IN POLITICS
Some Very Interest- j
ing Admissions.
HOW HE KEEPS CONTROL 1
HE POSES AS A PURIST AND ;
REFORMER.
The ''Boss" Tells How Jobs Are Put ;
Through axid How He Man
ages to Punish His
Enemies. t
SAX JOSE, Oct. 11.— Jim Rea was
Tinder a searching cross-examination
by Attorney Delmas to-day in the trial
of the Jnrman-Rea slander suit. The
■witness became flustered at times, and
It was difficult to keep him confined to
the answering: of questions. He was
very loquacious, and on several occa
sions answered Delmas rather sharply.
In the afternoon the court was obi
to admonish the witness to confine him
self to answering questions.
There was a larger crowd present
than on any other day of the trial, and
at times the proceedings were inter
rupted with a snicker, and Jud^e Klt
:■■ warned the spectators that un
less Quiet was maintained he would
have the courtroom cleared.
Rea talked politics and told how he
and Mackenzie had taken a hand in
municipal affairs. He practically ad
mitted he was I boss and con
: ■ . . < louncil. He
declared that if any member of that
body disgraced him by doing wrong he
would walk into the Council chamber
and drag the member from his seat.
Rea toid how Interested he was in
having the city affairs honestly admin
1 and wanted none but pure of
ficiala in office. He wound up by tell
and purity of pur
.iid challenging any one to prove
id ever : ... cent for ad
re In the Council or
-Hi' 'ii for any person in
irlous city departments.
acknowledged owning an inter
est m the tiay sto::e quarry, which for
has been the means of mulcting
the city of hundreds of dollars annu
n the purchase of rock for street
sea. }'■' told how he had had
nle" Mackenzie manage things in
the Council. The boss confessed to
meeting committees fruin the A.P. A-'s,
uctle
fleld Veterans. In speaking of his med
in political affairs and in City
Council matters witness used the pro
noun "we" with great frequency.
Rea was on the stand at the hour of
adjournment. It is thought he will be
under cross-examination a couple of
days longer.
When Rea took the stand this morn
ing Delmas opened the proceedings by
askiny:
Mr. Rea, returning to these conversa
tions with Mr. Maggard, I desire you to
State to me the tirst conversation you
had with him in any manner, shape or
form relating to a roller of any kind.
First of all, ;1x as accurately as you can
the date or the time of that conversation.
Rea— The first conversation I had with
Mr. Maggard in reference to the steam
roller was in the neighborhood of the Ist
day of June, 1897. The city had not then
purchased the roller.
Was that out at the Gay quarry?
That is my recollection of it.
Is that your quarry?
No, sir.
Did you not. In speaking of the quarry,
did you not so denominate It?
1 don't know whether I did or not.
Did you say, ".My quarry, my rock"?
1 think so; I said that to Mr. Jarrnan.
Was it your quarry or your rock?
No, not exactly. I have an interest
in it.
How big?
Mr. Morehouse objected to this ques
tion and the objection was sustained.
Did I understand you to say that at that '
time Mr. Maggard offered you the roller
for $2750?
No. sir.
Three thousand dollars, then, he offered
It to you for?
Yes.
Now, then, on the lGth or thereabouts
he came again?
Yes, sir; he came to see me.
And that was the first intimation that
you had of anything going wrong, or any
Improper practice with reference to this
:
Yes, air.
Tell us that conversation in full.
He said that they were standing him up
for $250 extra. I said, "What?" lie said,
"They art- standing me up for $250 extra."
I said, "Mr. Fay and Isolting, are they
standing you up?" He said, "No, but
they are wrong, I think." I told him
that I had seen Mr. Nolting and he said
he was going to vote for it. "Fay is
wrong," he said; "he is kicking." I said,
"Has Mr. Fify asked you for any
money?" and he said, "No." I said,
"Mr. Nolting?" "No." I said, "Have
you agreed to pay them any?" "No."
I asked him then if Mr. Hogan, Mr. Man
grum or Mr. Main had stood him up or
asked anything from him. "No," he
Bald. That settled that part of It in my
mind, and be wanted me to see Mr. Fay.
That is what he said. I said, "Who are
standing you up?" He tola me Mr.
Kreig. I said. "What is the situation;
what arrangements have you made?" He
said, "I have exhausted all the surplus,
or made arrangements to exhaust all the
surplus, $750, in this matter, and I won't
Stand the raise." I said. "I have got
nothing to do with that, but." I said "I
■will see Mr. Fay," which I did.
The next day, It might have been I
went to see Mr. Maggard and I told him
that Mr. Fay would not vote for it.
'You advised Mr. Fay?"
"We agreed not to vote for it— that is,
Mr. Fay and myself."
"You agreed?"
"Well, 1 saw Mr. Fay."
"What did you decide? "Were you of
the Council?"
"I was not; no, sir."
In telling further of the talk he had j
with Maggard Rea said he had tried to i
locate where the money had been paid j
to influence the purchase of the roller, i
What did you want to locate it for?" ;
asked Delmas..
"Because I am in politics, and when
ever I locate a man who- Is receiving
money either as a public oflicial or out- i
side of public office for his political in- i
fluence I mark him about all the way |
from 7u per cent to zero, and when poli
tics come up again I turn his picture
to the wall and proceed accordingly."
In what way are you in politics Mr.
As a citizen of the city of Ban Jose, to
protect the public treasury from the in
roads of scoundrels, and. sir, to see that
honest and efficient people are in public
places. 1 never In my life received one
quarter of a dollar from any source what
soever lor the appointment of any one or
for the advocacy of any measure before
The San Francisco Call
TOUCH AND GO FOR THE SAN RAFAEL.
* jj 'HE ferry steamer San Rafael nearly went ashore on Alcatraz Island, in the bay, yester
day. The steering gear got out of order, and for a time it looked as if the vessel most
drirt on the rocks. Considerable alarm prevailed among the passengers, but the coolness of
Captain McKenzie prevented a panic. Finally she was towed out of danger by the ferry
steamer Tibur.n, commanded by Captain White.
a public body, and a man that does, in
my opinion, is unfit to be an American
citizen; that is my reason, sir.
Are you boss, Mr. Rea?
I am so reputed by my enemies; but in
fact, no sir. If I was a good many men
wouldn't have the offices they have.
You never then call yourself boss?
1 nave always claimed to the contrary.
You never posed as boss?
I never have, no, sir. 1 despise a boss
in the sense that I am reputed to be a
boss.
In the sense you have been reputed to
be a boss. What do you mean by that?
1 mean that at that time, for instance,
that Mr. Jarman and his confreres went
to San Francisco. They did it to remove
themselves from the influence, the cor
rupt influence of a "boss" who was try
ing to dictate to them the appointments
of the city. My position was that I did
not have any appointments to dictate to
them, that I was only a citizen and that
there were all these different elements
that wanted these positions. 1 didn't
wazit them myself; tnat was my position.
But their position was that I was trying
to dictate to them, which was nor true.
in what sciise do you un tiers, land tUai
you are reputed to be a boss? I
The papers and my enemies Fay "Boss."
They try to Intimate that 1 am control
ling all the appointments to public office.
I got a Good Government Club document
that I would like to read and that will ex
plain it better than I can.
The court objected to him reading the
document, which was a copy of the
"Weekly Letter, which was formerly
published here. '
Rea, who thus posed as a lover of
purity in municipal affairs, knew of
money being used in the Council, but
made no effort to stop it. This caused
Delmas to inquire why he had not
taken steps to prevent this wrong be
ing perpetrated on the city.
"Oh, it was not a great wrong." ans
wered Rea. "I did not consider it to
be a great wrong: it was only to the
amount of a few hundred dollars. I con
sidered It a -wrong in the sense that it
was being done, and I did not consider
that from my position and the position
of my friends who were in this com
munity it would justify me in creating
a public scandal at that time, which I
would get the worst of in some way
or other. My motives are all miscon
strued, and I have to be careful, and
when I find a man is wrong I have got
to be careful on account of libel suits.
I have got to be careful about my talk.
I have got to be so careful that the
only way you can avert these things Is
simply to oppose them in politics, to
fight them in politics and see that you
do not get hurt yourself."
"How did you oppose this?"
"I didn't oppose it particularly. I
went down and talked to Fay and
found he was going to oppose it, and
then told him that was the only thing
to do."
The witness continued to get <\>-< per
and deeper in the tangle. He brought
up Johnnie- Mackenzie's name and
proved to the satisfaction of nil that
the Game Warden was his trusted lleil
t<!iiiiit. He stati-d that he had turned
the matter of having the fire limits
changed so that the R^inhart Tmlldings
could be rebuilt of wood over to Mac
kenzie, who had engineered It through
the Council. H^ paid Jarman received
the painting of these buildings with
out competition and if there was any
competition it was simply a farce.
The i>ajntiner of the City Hall and
fire engine houses was also touched
upon. He denounced .Tarman for doing
the work while a city official. Rome of
the painters who were employed by
Jarman on the work with the under
standing that they would support him
for Supervisor, Rea said, had voted the
pang ticket.
MORE TROOPS ORDERED
TO TAKE THE FIELD
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Orders have been
received at division headquarters from
General Bacon, in command of the De
partment of the Lakes and the Da
kotas, to have the Fourth Infantry at
Fort Sheridan, and the Seventeenth In
fantry at Columbus Barracks, Ohio,
held In readiness for immediate service
at the scene of the Indian trouble in
Minnesota.
The united strength of the two com
mands is about 1100.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. 11.— General
Bacon this mornin- wired to Colonel
Sturgis, assistant adjutant general in
charge of the Department of the Da
kotas to send nil the remaining able
bodied soldiers of the Third left at Fort
Snelllnf. There are only about twenty
five available men, and these will be
sent to Walker to-morrow morning.
Sword for Captain Clark.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 11.— Governor
Lord has appointed a committee of five
well-known citizens of Portland to col
lect funds for the purchase of a sword
to be presented to Captain Clark of the
battleship Orepon. The committee de
sires to raise $1000, and to-day collected
nearly one-half that amount
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1898.
HOSTILES WILLING
TO TALK PEACE
Will Meet Officials on
Bear Island.
BRAVES STILL GATHERING
SAID TO EQUAL THE TROOPS IN
NUMBERS.
A Former Reporter Killed by the
Redskins — More Soldiers Or
dered to the Seen©
of Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 11.— Inter
ior Department received the following
telegram late this evening:
WALKER, Minn., Oct. 11.— The Secre
tary of Interior: Kunners from hostile '
; camp came to the agency last night and {
report that the hostiles are willing to
council at Sugar Point. A delegation un- ;
der direction of Father Aloysius started
for that point by steamer this afternoon. ;
• Situation seems to look brighter.
TINKER, Inspector.
WALKER, Minn.. Oct. ' 11. — Gus
Beaulieu, Father Aloysius, Red Blanket
and another Indian left Walker this
afternoon on the steamer Flora, The
peace party expect to reach Bear Isl
and to-night and the two chiefs will go
ashore and ask for an immediate coun- j
cil. Commissioner Jones' letter will be j
read and efforts will be made to per
suade the men wanted to give them
selves up. Beaulieu believes that a fa
vorable answer will be brought back \
by the peace party to-morrow morning, j
Commissioner Jones has established |
headquarters at the agency. It is
i hinted that his report to the Secretary j
j of Interior will contain caustic criti
cisms of certain Government officials.
♦
HUNDREDS OF BRAVES
EAGER FOR BATTLE
MINNEAPOLIS. Oct. 11.— The Jour
nal staff correspondent at Caas Lake,
! Minn., wires!
Indian runners from the south passed
here in the night going north and from
them information of a more serious na
ture than anything heard heretofore
was obtained. The hostiles at Bear
Island have already learned that Gen
eral Bacon intends to attack them with
in forty-eight hours and are busily pre
paring to resist. The Indians are well
posted on everything that goes on at
Walker and at the agency. They are
strongly entrenched and have sent out
insulting messages to the whites. Their
runners are busily urging reinforce-
I ments from other branches of the tribe.
There have passed down the waterways
to Leech Lake in the past three days as
many Indians as there have soldiers
come in on the railroad.
A village passed up Cass Lake this
morning and seventy others are now
I camped eight miles northwest from
I here. Women and children are going
i steadily northward.
Twenty canoes of bucks, four in
■ each, went up the Mississippi River into
Leech Lake last night. It is estimated
by the woodsmen here that at least 500 j
reds, who will join the hostiles on the
slightest encouragement, are now with
in striking distance of Leech Lake dam.
Chief Chippewa, Pine Estimator See
| lie, came in from Brainerd last night.
I He brings the most alarming reports
i yet. He said :
"Bacon will make another attempt in
the next day or two. He is determined
to get the Indians or their bodies. If
he does neither the reds will make a
break north for the Big Fork country.
He cannot follow them and they will
have time to do awful damage to the
settlers, straggling villages and rail
j road property as they flee. I consider
j the situation extremely critical both
j here and along the road. Some of my
j estimators are starting back to work
to-day, but only where the troops can
[protect them."
DEBTS OF THE
SPANISH ISLES
■
May Be the Stumbling-
Blocks to Peace.
THE SITUATION AT PARIS
TREATMENT OTV; T.H. "* PHILIP •/
pines NbT TOUCHED.
American Officials at Washington
Confident That the Negotiations
Will Have a Satisfactory
Outcome.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— The Peace
Commissioners In Paris, so far from
reaching a point of absolute variance
on the question of the Philippines, have
not yet taken up that subject for con
sideration.
It is true that at the very first ses
sion of the joint commission the Span
ish representatives sought to raise a
question concerning the occupancy of
Manila Bay and town by the United
States military and naval forces. The
United States Commissioners promptly
refused to consider this point in any
aspect, and with some reluctance the
Spaniards pave over for the time be
ing the effort to raise that issue.
Since then the commission, whenever
meeting jointly, has beun engaged en
tirely with three questions to the com
plete exclusion of the Philippines.
These questions relate entirely to Cuba,
Porto Kico and Guam, and according
to the very best reports from the Amer
icans to Washington they are still un
der consideration.
The United States will not assume
any financial indebtedness .is the result
of the cession or release of Cuba and
Porto Rico. It was fully expected by
the authorities here that the Spanish
contingent on the Peace Commission
would make a strong effort to have the
assumption of the heavy financial obli
gations of these islands made the con
dition of the cession of Porto Rico and
the abandonment of sovereignty over
Cuba. But the American Commission
ers were fully and definitely instructed
on these points, and the general tenor
of these instructions was that such ob
ligations were not to be assumed by the
United States.
No dissatisfaction is felt here at the
progress of the commission in the set
tlement of the questions assigned to it.
It was fully understood that the issues
presented would require the most deli
cate and cautious handling, and while
the American Commissioners were ex
pected to deal with these with the
greatest firmness it was realized that
much consideration must be shown for
thf Spanish Commissioners, who would
be obliged at least to make an effort to
secure an abatement of the American
demands in order to satisfy public feel
ing at home.
It can be stated that there has be«n
no diminution in the confidence of the
administration In the satisfactory out
come of the peace negotiations at Paris.
When that city was selected for the
meeting place by the Peace Commis
sioners at the most earnest and re
peated prayer of M. Cambon, it was
understood that the American Commis
sioners would be obliged to bear up
against a strong pressure from the pro-
Spanish element in the French press,
but this had all been discussed before
the Commissioners sailed from Amer
ica, and the President was satisfied
that the men he had selected to repre
sent the United States were of sufficient
individual strength to resist any out
side Influences.
Farmer Gould a Victim of Indians.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Oct. 11.— A. i
Bemidji (Minn.) special to the Journal
says :
Joseph Gould, formerly an Indian
trader and now a farmer, was mur- '
dered Saturday night near the Leech
Lake dam. It is believed that the
crime was the deed of hostile Indians
whose 111 will Gould h*>rt incurred in his j
operations. He claimed to ba a cousin j
of Jay Gould. j
STRANGE DEATH
OF A CONVICTED
MURDERESS
Committed Suicide by
Eating Spiders.
LEFT A FULL CONFESSION
IMPLICATED HER AUNT IN HER
CRIME.
Declared Her Motner, Under Life
Sentence, Had No Part in Poi
soning Her Step
father.
DBS MOIXES, lowa, Oct. 11.— Cora
McCamly, alias Smith who murdered
her blind stepfather, Mike Smith, In
this city in 1804, committed suicide yes
terday at Anamosa Penitentiary by
eating spiders. At the side of the cot in
hW cell was found a ba.e: of dead spi
ders. The post mortem examination re
vealed her Btomach filled with the in
sects.
Her mother, Betsy Smith, was con
victed of the crime and given a life sen
tence. Cora then confessed she alon'*
was guilty and was also sentenced [>r
life. Her mother was not released, al
though the case was appealed to the
Supreme Court and a new trial wj.a
granted.
Her confession also Implicates the sis
ter of Cora's mother, Ellen Scjville,
now in Colorado.
The confession is directed to Attorney
General Remley, in the care of Warden
Hunter. It fea.de:
ANAMOSA, lowa, Oct. 4, Confes
sion by Cora McCamley.— Mr. Milton Ker
n Sir: 1 will write you this few
lines, as I want everything clear. I have
repented for all of ray sins and I feel as
if they was forgiven. My health is falling
so rapidly I know I am going into con
sumptioin. I want to tell you the truth
about my mother's case, as it will go be
fore you.
Ellen Scoville and myself poisoned my
stepfather, Michael Smith. Ellen made a
peach pie for supper and put rat poison
in it; also in his coffee, and that night I
put rat poison in a glass of water and he
drank it.
I have never been sorry that I told the
truth, but God knows I hope you will do
all you can for my dear mother, for she
is suffering for something she never done.
It breaks my heart. I want to tell the
truth about everything. My dear mother
is innocent of what she is charged with,
and I cannot stand to see her suffer so;
it worried me dreadful. This Is the truth,
as sure as God is my creator, and I repeat
once more that my mother is innocent; so j
do all you can fear ■•••■ I ana not sorry for \
Lite confession i i ,ade, but I am really
grind, so 1 ask you again to help my
mother.
No one knows I am going to do any
thing, but my life is a misery to me, to
see my mother suffering so and to know
it is for nothing. This is the God's truth.
Yours truly, CORA McCAML.Y.
Mr. Hunter: Please see that this is
mailed to Mr. Milton Remley.
CORA.
TIME LIMITS PLACED
ON THE SPANIARDS
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— The Ameri
can Commissioners have notified the
Spanish authorities in Havana that the
United States will assume entire con
trol, military and governmental, of the
island of Cuba December 1. The same
control will be exercised in Porto Rico
October 18.
The Commissioners have notified the
Spaniards that all port and customs
receipts and the management of muni
cipal affairs will pass into the hands of
the American military commander in
the island. This order was not intend
ed to work hardship to the Spanish
tn>ops or Government, but it was
thought best to fix a definite time to
end Spanish rule and to begin opera
tions under the United States. It is
probable that United States troops will
go to Cuba before that time. By De
cember 1 it is expected to have troops
so stationed that there will be no need
of Spanish troops to preserve order.
The proclamations that have been is
sued by the President, establishing
customs rates and denning the manner
in which Cuban territory shall be gov
erned, will prevail until it becomes ap
parent that new regulations are needed.
On October IS Major General
Brooke will assume absolute control of
the island of Porto Rico. It is possible
that all the Spanish troops will not
have left Porto Rico at that time; if
so, they will be quartered in barracks
until they can be taken away. In the
language of Secretary Alger, the Unit
ed States will be host and the Span
iards the guests after October 18. The
United States will not ship the re
maining troops to Spain at its own ex
pense. That was no part of the pro
tocol. The custom houses, the money
received for customs and the govern
ment of the island will pass completely
from Spanish control on the date set.
The present customs regulations under
proclamation of the President will pre
vail.
STARS WD STRIPES
OVER MANZANILLO
Formal Possession Taken of the Cu
ban City Yesterday by
Colonel Bay.
MANZANILLO, Department of San
tiago, Oct. 11. — The Spaniards who have
been garrisoning Manzanillo left here
at daybreak to-day on board the steam
er Porto Rico, bound for Clenfuegus.
Colonel Ray, the American command
er, paid a final visit to the Spanish
commander, Colonel Parron, at 4
o'clock yesterday afternoon and wished
the Spaniards bon voyage. The Ameri
can troops then marched to the public
square, hoisted the Stars and Stripes
and proceeded to the custom house,
where a similar ceremony was perform
ed. Our soldiers then repaired to the
postoffice and hoisted the American en
sign there. In the majority of instanced
the incumbents will hold office pending
the arrival here of General Wood.
MADRID, Oct. 11.— The Spanish Gov
ernment announces its intention to
maintain a strong force of troops in
Cuba until the treaty of peace with the
IJnlted States is definitely slg-ned. Im
mediately after the treaty is signed the
Cortes will be convened and measures
dealing with the reorganization of all
the state departments will be subrn*V
r ted to Parliament.
MUST PROVE
HIS WORTH
TO WED HER
Nuptials of Charles A. Williams,
South African Millionaire,
Postponed,
An Unenviable Record That the Dashing
Mine Owner Will Find Difficult
to Disprove.
The wedding of Charles A. Williams, the South
African mine owner, which was to have taken place
this afternoon, has been postponed until such time
as he can prove that his character is above reproach.
From all parts of the world comes con
firmation of the bad record of Charles
A. Williams, the alleged wealthy South
African mine-owner, with whom one of
the most popular and certainly one of the
handsomest of San Francisco's belles was
to have -nked her fair name this after
noon.
The astounding reveiations made in re
gard to Williams startled, though they
did not astonish, the select circles In
which he and his fiancee moved.
For more than a week the story In in
complete form has been upon the street,
and all well known club and society men
have been discussing it in its many and
devious phases.
The rumored story was at its best but
patchy. The gossipy seed was sown,
strewn broadcast and the crop reaped,
and each stalk bore a vastly different
though interesting story.
Unlike the usual tale of the soldier of
fortune, the social highwayman or daring
adventurer, there was lacking in all the
accepted versions that element of honor
where woman is concerned. This man
used woman to further his adventures.
The story of the change of name was
culled from the alleged authentic source
oi Williams' own suueinent. An orphan
of tender years, reared to healthy, sturdy
boyhood by a maternal uncle, and tho
name of White, in loving recognition, was
doffed for Williams. There was a pa
thetic side to this adopted-name story,
and it was, on account of its appealing
popularity, immediately adopted and pro
mulgated. The most remarkable part of
all the gossipy tit-bits, however, faded
into Insignificance beside the astonishing
fact that no man told either wife, sister
or sweetheart.
Feminine society regaled itself with the
unusual circumstances surrounding the
engagement and proposed hasty marriage,
the munificence of the bridal gifts of a
more than devoted lover and the untold
wealth that would be the fair young
bride's. Man discussed the mysterious,
revolting stories, and lacking the neces
sary proof to back up all he heard, dis
creetly neld his tongue.
The public exposure of Williams' dual
existence comes as a relief to all. The
sterner sex felt relieved of a weighty
responsibility, and to woman was ex
plained many things that she wanted
to but could not understand. Williams'
social career was marked by rare tact
and unusual good taste.
His dress — the apparel that should pro-
claim the man— was in the best of form.
He wore his clothes like a man accus
tomed to the demands of fashion. He en
tertained like the worthy scion of a noble
house. His wines were also just so. lue
flowers he sent were exquisite. Every
thing he did proclaimed the wealth tuat
covers the vulgarities of mere money.
His tastes were modest. The obstreper
ous, the boisterous, did not appeal to
him. To a dainty young bud who laughed
aloud in the corridors at Hotel Del Monte
he gently said: "Don't laugh out loud.
You are no longer a child, but a young
woman. Never laugh out loud."
Mammas with marriageable daughters
overwhelmed him with attention. He was
asked everwhere. All the country homes
were open to him, and there is no doubt
that he might have had almost any girl
for the asking.
The only perceptible drawback to a gen
tlemanly manner were awkward slips of
the tongue. "Youse" and "dem" slurred
themselves easily upon his lips, while
now and then his subjects and predicats
rebelliously disagreed.
However, these slips of the tongue only
added to the romantic halo the girls built
round the magnetic personality of the
millionaire from South Africa. Grammat
ical lapses but emphasized the fact that
a struggling man had forged his way by
force of intellect and Industry to the
front, and had come off triumphant with
diamond mines galore and untold wealth
to tell the tale.
Williams' personality was not a small
factor in gaining for him Immediate social
recognition. There is a magnetic some
thing about the man that appeals to
woman, and a good square chin, clear,
piercing blue eyes and dictatorial manner
make up an ensemble that the majority of
fair ones admire.
His generosity added to the good favor
with which he was accepted. Even yes
terday, with the town all agog at the re
markable disclosures, attention still
turned to the magnificent necklace of
pearls, "with diamond bars, gorgeous
rings and bracelet of brilliants that form
a minor part of his princely gifts to the
fair fiancee.
The Plnkertons have been investigating
Williams.
A prominent Chicagoan now in this city
said last night: "I am perfectly familiar
with the history of Williams' life in Chi
cago and Wyoming. The story published
in The Call yesterday Is true in every de-
tail.
It is a reproduction of the official rec
ords on file in the various police offices of
those cities. The man Is well known, as
there Is not the slightest doubt as to his
Identity. The Charles A. White charged
with many crimes Is the Charles A. Wil
liams now In this city.
The following additional information
from Cheyenne regarding the life of Mr.
Williams in Wyoming was received in this
city yesterday:
No surprisa was caused here by the re
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ported attempt of Charles A. White to
form a matrimonial alliance in San Fran
cisco by questionable means. His expe
riences here were of such a character tnat
when he left word was Bent h!m that he
would be lynched should he return. His
victim in this place was Mrs. Emma
Nagle, widow of Erasmus Nagle, who died
in IS9O leaving: an estate of about half a
million dollars. His only surviving heirs
were his widow and a boy of thirteen.
Mr?. Nagie was about 35 years of age at
the time of her husband's death, fcshe lived
in a hajidsome stone house which had cost
her husband $50,000. About eighteen
months after Nagle's death Mrs. Nagle,
while on a visit to Hot Springs, Ark., met
Charlie White. He was good-looking,
posed as a literary man, and claimed to
have an income of $10,000 a year.
Mrs. Nafde was captivated by him and
an engagement followed. One of the
features of this was that Mrs. Nagle
bound herself to pay White $100,000 in
the event of a marriage between them.
Some time in the year lSi>l Mrs. Nagle
returned to Cheyenne and in a short time
White also appeared. Mrs. Nagle short
ly afterward w^nt to a prominent lawyer
in Cht yei< t, vw o had h-.-^n Mr. Nagle's
adviser, and req'iested him to draw up a
marriage contract to be given to White,
in which she bound herself to pay to him
the $100,000. The lawyer remonstrated
with her, but she brought the controver
sy to a conclusion by asserting that If
the lawyer wouldn't draw up the contract
she would go elsewhere and have It
drawn up, and drawn it was. Mrs Nagle
in it agreed to pay to White, "for the
purpose of extending his business," the
sum of $100,000 in the event that the mar
riage took place.
She at once signed the contract and de
livered it to White. The marriage took
place shortly afterward. For a few
months events moved along smoothly.
The estate of Mrs. Nagle or Mrs.
White's first husband had not been aa
yet settled, and all she had was the al
lowance paid her by the court. Under
the laws of the State of Wyoming, Mr.
Nagle having died intestate, half his
property went to the widow and half to
lais boy. Not long after the marriage,
however, White began to take considera
ble interest in the estate matter and
commenced to urge Its speedy settle
ment. He also commenced to take con
siderable interest in the boy's matters,
and flanlly made an attempt to have his
guardian, one W. A. Robins, removed,
and to have himself appointed.
About this time, too, It was noticed )
that Mrs. White did not appear very
often in public, that most of her time
was spent at home. White was about a
great deal, and spent money freely. He
expressed his intention of taking part in
politics and of helping run the Demo
cratic party of the State.
In the early spring of 1892 affairs
reached a crisis. White had engaged at
torneys to press the settlement of the
Nagle estate and also to attempt the
removal of his stepson's guardian. In
the latter he was not successful. In
August, 1893, the estate was finally set
tled. White, in the meantime, secured
from his wife a power of attorney and
under it he drew what money he wanted
from her bank deposit. Shortly after
this he took a notary to his house, where
his wife signed a note and mortgage to
him for J75,u00. The room was darkened
in which the transaction took place, and
Mrs. White afterward explained it waa
to hide the fact that White had black
ened her eyes before the notary came, a
few days later Mrs. White was given
$i<5,000 in bonds and securities by the ad
ministrators of the Nagle estate.
Just how White secured possession of
them has never been learned. He had
them the next morning and that evening
left for New York. This was the last ever
seen of him in Wyoming. Shortly after
White left his wife told her story to a
lawyer. An investigation showed her
husband had taken with him in mort
gages, bonds, notes and securities about
one hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
This was in September, 1592. Notice waa
at once given to atop negotiation of the
securities and criminal suits were com
menced against White for embezzlement
and larceny. A requisition on the Gover
nor of New York tor White was issued.
White fought it in the courts and waa
defeated. He had been told that he would
be lynched if he came back to Cheyenne,
and rather than come he forfeited hia
bail, ten thousand dollars in cash, and
fled to South America and later to South
Africa.
Mrs. White in her. suit for divorce,
which was granted, proved that White
had frequently knocked her down and
had several limes struck her In the face,
and once had driven her from her home
at night. The indictments against White
remained In the hands of the authorities
here until about a year ago, when the
charges were dismissed, it having been
represented that White had reformed. In
the legal nght over granting a requisition
for White in New York it was learned by
the officers who went from here that
White's true name was Williams and
that his mother was employed in a col
lar and cuff manufactory at Troy.
Another and most interesting chapter In
Continued oa Tenth Pajpk .... ..^2
GAGE'S TOUR OF
THE SAN JOAQUIN
ONE BIG OVATION
Tulare and Visalia in
Line.
TWO GREAT DEMONSTRATIONS
OLD-LINE DEMOCRATS JOIN IN
THE WELCOME.
The Republican Standard-Bearer and
Colonel Preston Deliver Ad
dresses Before Large
Gatherings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VISALIA. Oct. 11.— The journey of
Henry T. Gage and K. F. rreston
through the greal San Joaquin Valley
Is distinguished by a succession of pop
ular ovati<>;;s. Never <li<l a candidate
for Governor of California receive a
greater tribute to his worth and pop
ularity than that which the masses of
the people accord to the Republican
standard bearer in this campaign. A
remarkable feature of each demonstra
tion is the obliteration of party lines
and a union of industrial forces in sup
port of the champion of honest money
and honest dealing with the people.
Whatever illusions or delusions the
farmers and others of Tulare may have
entertained on the subject of finance,
they stand in now for sustaining the
administration of I>resident McKinley
and resisting the single tax scheme of
James G. Maguire.
Here in the erstwhile stronghold of
the fusionists, which gave Bryan an
Immense majority, the Republicans are
confident and enthusiastic. Tulare
County gave Bryan a majority of 1365
and gained the doubtful distinction of
being the banner Bryan county of ('uli
fornia. Twn weeks ago the fusionists
In this campaign set up a claim that
they would give Maguire SOO majority
in Tulare. Republicans are making
•wagers that Ma not ci rry the
county by 300 majority. Republicans
whose Judgment may be clouueu v.> Lue
immense enthusiasm for Gage are pre
dicting a triumph of the Republican
ticket in Tulare County.
When hundreds of old line Democrats
like K. O. Miller, James Fisher and
George McCamm openly avow their in
tention to vote for Gage and prosperity
the single taxera take alarm u;ul Re
publicans take courage. The opposi
tion forces agree that the Bakersneld
mass meeting un Monday night, when
thousands cheered for Gage and Neff,
was a marvelous outpouring of the
masses in support of Republican prin
ciples.
Earl- this morning Mr. Gage and
Colonel Preston, escorted by A. Young,
left Bakersfield for Tulare. There was
an ovation on every station of the
journey. At Delano Mr. < lage alighted
fium the train and received the greet
ings of a large throng of people who
had assembled at an early hour to give
him words of good cheer. On his ar
rival at Tulare the scenes of enthusi
asm which made the tour of southern
counties so memorable were again en
acted. Cannon b<">med, the bands
played patriotic music and the popu
lace cheered. The Tulare City Repub
lican League Club, 200 strong, headed
by the band, marched through tht
streets escorting Gage and Preston
from the depot to the Central Hotel.
In front of the hotel a large assem
blage was addressed by the standard
bearer. Mr. Gape did not make a long
speech, but thanked the people for the
generous welcome. He accepted the
demonstration not as v tribute to him
self, but as an indication of the earn
est devotion of th>- people to the cause
of clean politics ami honest govern
ment.
! iple in the audience inquired about
the single tax. and Mr. Gage in a few
vords explained the revolutionary
scheme of placing the whole burden ot
tolls on farmers, land owners and min
ers.
It was a significant fact that many
ladies marched in the procession from
the Tulare depot to the hotel. Gage
and Preston were in Tulare from 9 a. m.
until 2p. m. to-day. The whole time
was occupied in responding to thfe
friendly advances of the people. One
of the happiest events was the recep
tion in a storeroom of the hotel build
ing. The ladies of Tulare decorated
the room with flowers and plants, the
national colors in streamers were fes
tooned In artistic style and the flag it
self was displayed conspicuously. Th"
Tulare quartet of male voices saner.
Peven or eight hundred citizens railed
to pay their respects to the next Gov
ernor.
Among the leadia*- citizens who par
ticipated in the demonstrations w«r<v.
M. C. Zumwalt, Senator Linder, J. J.
Cairns, C. R. Scott, W. H. Jones, presi
dent of the Republican League; P. J.
S. Montgomery, E. Sadler, A. W. Fet
trony, Judge Davis, H. M. Shreve, F.
Rosenthal, E. T. Cosper, John Toohy,
Dr. T. D. Blodgett Captain White of
Visalia and W. P. Ratliff. State Central
Committeeman from Tulare County.
The reception was prolonged until the
noon recess of the common school. One
of the most agreeable incidents of the
ovation was the visit of the pupils —
boys and girls — and their introduction
to Mr. Gage.
After luncheon carriages were pro
cured and Gage and Preston driven
through the groves of oak and poplar
to Visalia, the capital of Tulare Coun
ty. The drive was delightful, the at
mosphere agreeable and the singing of
the larks enchanting. As soon as the
arrival of the standard bearer was her
alded through the city throngs of peo
ppople convened at the Palaefe Hotel to
grasp his hand. In order to gain a lit
tle rest and reserve some strength for
the great mass meeting to-night, Mr.
Gage was constrained to limit the af
ternoon reception to one hour's time.
The seating capacity <rf Armory Hall
was Increased to accommodate an «u
disoce of 1000 people. Before the hour
appointed for the opening exercises the
committee perceived that the hall would
not hold half the number of those who
were anxious to hear the next Governor
and his companion, E. F. Preston. The
beautiful decorations of the hall excited
the admiration of those who were for
tunate enough to gain admission. Credit
for the artistic arrangement of the
bunting inside and ot the street en
trance belongs Ur Charles T. Lindsey,
J. <:. Martin and Ed Dobsoo and their
assistants, Mrs. S. B. Hunt, Mrs. C. T.
Lindsey. Miss Lil Hunt, Miss Pet Stu
art and Miss Fannie Rogers.*
Among the Republicans who actively
participated in the management of the
demonstration were Charles O. Lam
berson, chairman, and Captain H.
White, secretary, of the County Central
Committee; D. Q. Overall, John Chat
ton. A. J. Hump, N. B. Rpraguo. Vl
salia; R. W. McDonald. J. E. Shuey,
Porterville, and Jeff la Martina, Wood
ville.
Early in the evening delegations ar
rived from Porterville, Exeter, Tu
lare, Wuodville, Orosi, Dinuba, Traver,
Goshen and Hanford. The renowned
Hanford Glee Club, Miss Nathelle Rog
ers accompanist was an attraction ut
the meeting. The Tulare band joined
the Visalia band in rendering patriotic
music.
There were no bonfires, cannon firing
or skyrockets to intensify the enthusi
asm. The news, however, had spread
like wildtire throughout the country
that Henry T. Gage, of the people and
for the people, would talk in an honest,
straightforward fashion at Visalia to
night, and so the farmers hitched up
their teams and came to town, bring
ing with them their wives and children.
The meeting was called to order by
Charles G. Lamberson, who introduced
as president of the occasion W. P. Rat
liff of the State Central Committee,
Mr. Katliff acknowledging the compli
ment in a graceful but brief speech.
As on all oeasions of this campaign the
introduction of Henry T. Gage excited
great applause and prolonged cheering.
In his spec.'- to-night Mr. Gage fol
lowed the lines of argument and com
ment to which he adhered in his mas
terly address at Bukersfield. He re
sented Maguire's assault on the integ
rity of the men who composed the Re
publican State convention at Sacra
mento. Speaking for himself Mr. Gage
remarked that he had faith in the hon
esty of men and the virtue of women.
A shout of approval was the response
of the audience to the noble sentiment.
The record of Maguire on the railroad
settlement was again presented in a
lucid and forcible manner. The people
at Ylsaiia were convinced that Maguire
had been trying to "fool" them; that
he could have defeated the amendment
to which he now objects by a simple
word of objection when the measure
was under consideration. The single
tax scheme was reviewed and its dan
gers to the State were set forth. The
people listened with profound attention
to Mr. Gage's review of this hobby of
the socialists.
I The standard-bearer promised 11
| elected Governor to give to the people
of California a clean, honest and busi
; ness-like administration of the office.
Maguire's unpatriotic attitude toward
! the war revenue measure was dis
! cussed. References to the heroism of
j the American soldier and the successful
i and patriotic administration of Presi
dent McKinley evoked mighty shouts of
applause from the loyal people of Tu
lare County.
Mr. Gape spoke for an hour and a
half, maintaining the close attention of
the vast audience. The enthusiasm of
his hearers was unbounded. The sing
ing of the Hanford Gage and Neff Glee
Club afforded much delight. Reference
; to the Valley railroad cutting fares and
; freights in two called out a thunder of
! applause.
Hon. E. F. Preston was introduced as
| the next speaker and was hailed with
• enthusiastic demonstrations of wel
■ come. He remarked that he was an
I American and a Californian. He did
I not speak for the Valley Railroad and
j the Valley road did not send him here
Ito speak. The Valley road was not a
close corporation, but was composed of
many men of varying shades of opin
ion on political subjects. Mr. Preston
said he had political opinions and ex
perssed them before the road was in
corporated, and proposed now and
hereafter, as an American, a Califor
| nian and Republican, to speak his sen
i timents in an open and frank style, and
| no one should call him down by inti
: mating that the Valley road was in
! politics.
Speaking of politics, he regarded it
i essential that California should elect a
j Republican Legislature to send to the
j United States Senate a Senator in sym
pathy with the noble administration of
William McKinley. The President's
recognition of Illustrious Confederate
j leaders was referred to, and the refer
• ence won from the vast assemblage
tumultuous applause and rousing
cheers.
Mr. Preßton did not claim the war
was a Republican war. It was an
I American war. The glorias and achieve
j ments of the conflict belonged to the
whole people.
Mr. Preston then took up a letter
written in 1596 to the Examiner by Ma
guire, in whi^h the "Little Giant" de
clared that the single tax battle would
be on when an amendment to the con
stitution was presented. A Maguire
speech in Congress was quoted, in
which the single tax was put forth as
the only remedy for business depres
sion. The speaker's comprehensive re
view of the single tax question — the
rank socialism of Henry George — re-
I eeived profound attention. It was ex
plained that the doctrine was not new;
that it had been preached by Quesna.
a Frenchman, long before George or
Maguire ever thought of it. The scheme
had been rejected by civilization. .
Speaking of the railroad controversy
Mr. Preston remarked that every man
who declared that it could be settled
by any other plan than that of the
competing lines was an arrant dema
gogue.
Mr. Preston's declaration that the
classes had not oppressed the masses
was a great effort which the audience
hailed with cheers. Lincoln, McKinley,
Cleveland, Stephen M. White, Henry T.
Gage, George C. Perkins and James G.
Maguire were mentioned as men who
had come up from the masses and no
one had oppressed th<-m. The opportu
nity remained to every poor boy in the
United Statrs to reach the highest
place in the country.
Words of praise were given by the
speaker Xo old-line Democrats who
were truo to the best interests of their
country.
The Hanford Warblers again enter
taind the uudienco, and then the great
meeting dissolved with three tremen
dous cheers for Henry T. Gage and the
whole Republican ticket.
To-morrow Mr. Gage and Colonel
Preston will Journey on to Hanford.
The people of Visalia were telling to
day of an incident of the late Maguire
meeting here which the organs of fu
sion suppressed- Hutchison, the aspi
rant for Lieutenant Governer, while
addressing the meeting Incidentally re
marked that there was some defection
among the Populists, but he fancied
that only twelve or fourteen had re
fused to endorse fusion. A leading
Populist arose in the audience and ex
claimed:
"There is more than a thousand, and
I am one of them."
LOS ANGELES NOMINEES.
Complete Ticket Named by the Re-
publican Convention.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 11.— The Re
publican city convention completed its
labors this evening, the following ticket
being nominated:
For Mayor— Fred Eaton.
Superintendent of Streets— John H. Drain.
Assessor- B«n E. Ward.
Treasurer— W. A. Hartwell.
cif Attorney— Walter F. Haas.
Auditor- Ed A. Carson.
Tnx Collector— "W. A. White.
Cltjr Knjrinpt-r - Frank H. Olmstpad.
city Clerk Lafayette MarttodaJe.
Councltmen— Will H. Pierce, Fred L. rs.iker,
Louis D. Vetter, Herman Silver. Chn.rlPß H.
Toll. Dr. W. O. Edwards. Ben 8. Lauiler, D.
F. Brandt, E. L. Blanchard.
Member! Df th* School Board— W. J. Wash
burn. William Chambers. R. -fc. - Hnrton. C. C!
Davis. William Wln.-ur. Chnrles Udell, 11. I.
Jones, Will E. Steams, J. W, Hendricks.
♦ '■
Conclave of Churchmen.
WdODLANP, Oct. ' 11.— The Min
isters' and Deacons' Conference and
thirty-ninth anniversary of the Pa
cific Baptist Association will meet In
the First Baptist Church of this city
to-morrov.- afternoon and will be In
session five. days. Rev. A. J. Cable of
Petaluma will prestos.
Rousing Republican Rally.
SANTA CRT'Z, Oct. 11.— The Republi
cans held a rousing meeting at the opera
Jiouse this evening. There was music
by the band, campaign songs by a male
quartet and speeches by the candidates
for county offices. The rally was full of
enthusiasm.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1898.
STOCKTON HEARS
JUDGE MAGUIRE
Enthusiasm Lacking at
the Meeting.
STOCK ARGUMENTS UTILIZED
SPEAKER RAVES OVER THE
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Persists in His Refusal to Discuss the
Single Tax on the Plea That
It Is Not an Issue in
the Campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. 11.— James G. Ma
guire had a large audience at Agricul
tural Pavilion to-night, but not an en
thusiastic^ one. The name of Marion de
Vries, Congressional candidate of the
fusionists, elicited more applause than
the Popo-Democratic candidate got
when he mounted the platform. Mr.
Maguire was accompanied by Hutchi
son and there were more Populists in
evidence on the committees than old
line Democrats. Governor Budd had
been billed to be present, but his father,
Joseph H. Budd when called to preside
at the meeting, made excuses for his
son, saying:
"Affairs of State, greater than those
of any party, detuin him."
The Populists got scant mention by
Maguire, who spoke of his supporters
as "the Democratic party." Mr. Ma
guire began by saying that the issues
of the State campaign were between
monopoly and oligarchy and equal
rights for all. He attributed the per
petuation of free institutions to this
day to the triumph of Jefferson over
Hamilton, and said that if people's
rights survived another century it
would be through the ministration of
the Democracy. To thi.s end the cam
paign of 1896 was conducted by "that
matchless and peerless American, that
noble and abie successor of Jefferson —
William J. Bryan." In this State, he
said, a union of popular forces had
been effected to oppose- the monopoly
ticket.
General Barnes was referred to as
"that eloquent gentleman, eminent law
yer and Southern Pacific attorney."
General Barnes' latest speech, said Mr.
Maguire, was but an essay on the war.
Referring to the war Maguire said:
"There was an inglorious chapter —
somewhere there was neglect and in
competency. I seek no partisan advan
tage. We all know the War Depart
ment failed. As we have a common
glory in the success of the strife, so let
us have a common grief for this chap
ter."
In defense of his opposition to the
war revenue bill he said that a great
percentage of the tux was paid by the
poor and indirectly the rest also- was
paid by the poorer classes. He said
he merely opposed making it a "poor
man's war." The sale of war bonds was
needless, and they were sold because
"Secretary Gage declared long before
the war came up that there should be
an issue of bonds."
On the Philippine question he declared
the Democrats o-f California were in the
same position as McKinley, merely
waiting to ascertain how the best In
terests of the country could be sub
served In the linal disposition of the.
col< riies.
Maguire then reached his favorite
topic, the railroad monopoly. He de
clared the funding question was not Bet
tied and that nothing could be done
toward foreclosure or collection under
the bill i>assed by the last <'<>ngress
Without the consent of Huntinerton. The
only hope seemed now to fall back on
the Thurman act, th» j greatest piece of
statesmanship in thirty years. He de
clared the bill was sneaked in at the
last session when many of the South
ern Pacific's opponents were away from
Washington. He declared Htlborn wns
defeated for a because he
favored striking the fourth provision
from the deficiency bill.
Mr. Masuire declared the Republican
State ticket was the Southern Pacific
ticket. He said it was made up in ;ul
vance, as The Call had published it.
The Call attributed its scoop to the en
ergy of its reporters. He would not
argue the question, but he said the
young men who did that work should
not work eighteen hours a day for Sir.
a wppk, but should fret a managing
editor's salary and work but eight
hours. They wen: the greatest politi
cal prophets on record.
"I will not discuss the single tax, as
it is not an issue," said the speaker.
"No party stands for it jrj th<- present
campaign. The constitution will allow
no such change ir. taxation without
amendments. No amendment can be
voted on without the Legislature de
cides to submit the issue. I will not
discuss it because Barnes knows noth
ing about it. Gage knows less. They
think they are thinking. I could tell
them about it if I chose. Dozens in
this audience know more about it than
does Barnes."
The speaker closed by promising to
enforce the laws as he found them if
elected. Hutchison closed the meet
ing with a brief address.
SUPREME COURT
SUSTAINS BROWN
Spelling-Barry Contest Decided in
Favor of the Stand Taken by
the Secretary of State.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 11.— The Su
preme Court to-day handed down the
following opinion:
In Bank.
T. C. SPELLING. Petitioner.
V. S. F. 1653.
L. . H. BROWN, Secretary of State, Re
pondent.
. Mandamus.
• Prior to the general election of 189<3, the
State Central -Committee of the Demo
cratic party- called a State convention of
the party, and provided among other
things that the delegates to the State con
vention from the respective Congressional
districts should form district conven
tions for the purpose of nominating candi
dates for Congress. in pursuance of this
call the .State convention met, and the
several district-c onventions were also or
ganized and made nominations. In the
Fourth Congressional. District the dele
: gates. elected to" .'the State convention an
ticipated the meeting of that body by or
ganizing a district convention and nomi
nating James G. Magutre as' their candi
date tor Congress. A- the same time- they
appointed a campaign committee. '.
In. the month of August, UK, the regu
lar State Central Committee of the Demo
cratic party called another; State conven
tion for the purpose of nominating candi
dates for State, offices, and again provided
that the delegates to the Stale convention
from the respective Congressional districts
should meet in district convention for the
purpose of nominating candidates for Con
gress. In pursuance of this call, a State
convention met and organized, and subse
quently the delegates from the Fourth
Congressional District organized a district
convention by which James H. Barry was
nominated as the Democratic candidate
for Congress in that district.
- In the meantime the campaign commit
tee representing the district convention of
1596 had- appointed delegates to a district
convention which met, and, claiming the j
right to represent the Democratic party
in the district, nominated the petitioner
as a candidate for CongTess. Regular cer-
Ufleates of nomination were presented to
the respondent by the representatives of
each convention. He filed the certificate
of Barry and refused to file the certificate
of petitioner, who, therefore, asked a
writ commanding him to reverse hia
action.
We think the respondent was clearly
rig-ht in the course he took. It was his
duty to decide which of the two certifi
cates was issued by the regular convention.
There was no law to -?uirte him in deter
mining which was regular, and necessa
rily he was compelled to resort to the teat
of party usage. Mr. Barry was nominated
by a convention called in conformity with
tho established usage of the Democratic
garty, and recognized as regular by the
tate convention of the party. This, in
our opinion, is decisive. Writ denied.
BEATTY, C. J.
We concur: Harrison, J.; Temple, J. ;
Van Fleet, J.
POSITIONS ASSIGNED TO
DISTRICT CANDIDATES
How the Nominees of the Several
Parties Will Be Placed on the
Big Ballot.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11.— Secretary of
State L. H. Brown has assigned positions
to district candidates on the State ticket
as follows:
Board of Equalization: First District— John
P. Dunn of San Francisco, People's Party-
I.'emocratic; J. G. Edwards of San Francisco,
Republican.
Second District— Alexander Brown of Mil
ton, Repu hi lean; Thomas Scott of Livermore,
People's Party-Democratic.
Third District— Richard H. Beamer of Wood
land, People's Party-Democratic; H. O.
Purinton of Pleasant Grove, Republican.
tourth DlPtrlct-Ueorge L. Arnold of Los
Angeles, Republican; Thomas O. Toland of
San Buenavenutra, People's Party-Demo
cratic.
Railroad Commissioners: First District— E.
B. EJeon of Gaze!!*. Republican; H. M. La
Hue of Sacramento, People's Party-Demo
cratic.
Second District— W. M. Hinton of San Fran
cisco, People's Party-Democratic; Charles S.
Laumeis-ter of San Francisco, Republican.
Second District. fur unexpired term—Wil
liam M. Hinton of San Francisco, People's
Party-Democratic.
Third District— N. Blackstock of San Buena
ventura, Republican; .1. L. Dryden of San
Diego, People's Party-Democratic.
Congress : First District— John A. Barham
of Santa Rosa, Republican; Emmet Scawell of
Santa Rosa, People's Party-Democratic.
Second District— Marion de Vries of Stock
ton. People's Party-Democratic; Frank D.
Ryan of Sacramento, Republican.
Third District— Thomas F. Burns of Vallejo,
SoclailstvLabor Party: John Aubrey Jones of
Frultvale. People's Party-Democratic; Victor
H. "Metcalf of Oakland, Republican.
Fourth District— James H. Barry of San
Francisco, People's Party-Democratic: Julius
Kahn of San Francisco, Republican: Joseph
P. Kelly of San Francisco, Independent Dem
ocracy; W. J. Martin of San Francisco, So
cialist-Labor Party.
Fifth District— \Vllliam Craiur of San Fran-
Cisco, People's Party-Democratic; E. T. Kings
ley of Ban Jose, Socialist-Labor Party; Eu
gene F. Loud of San Francisco, Republican.
Stxth District— Charles A. Barlow of Ban
Luis Oblspo, People's Party-Democratic; James
T. van Kensselaer of Santa Monica, Socialist-
Labor Party; Russell J. Waters of Los Angeles,
Republican. \ ; >
Seventh District— Curtis H. Castle of Merced,
People's Party-Democratic: James Carson
N •■••!! Un of Modesto, Republican.
The Silver Republicans did not indorse
or nominate a single candidate for Con
gress. ___________^— .
KYLE AND EDDY TALK
TO A MADERA THRONG
Largest Political Rally Ever Held
by Any Party in the
County.
MADERA, Oct. 11.— The Republican
campaign was opened here this evening
by the largest and most enthusiastic
political meeting ever held in Madera
c.unty. T. V. Eddy and C. W. Kyle
were the speakers. They were received
at the station by the reception com
mittee, the Madera brass band and a
large concourse of citizens. The hull
was filled to its utmost capacity with a
throng representing every political
faith from every part of the county and
neighboring towns in adjoining coun
ties.
Major Kyle declared that fusion was
a confession of weakness and that the
Democrats and Populists knew that
neither party represented issues sound
enough to form a respectable party, so
they concluded to fuse. He said the
Democratic orator has to hop around on
three legs while making political
speeches in order to keep the confusion
planks from flying up and hitting him
in the face. Major Kyle closed by com
plimenting the Republican administra
tion in its management of the late war.
Colonel T. V. Eddy entertained the
audience with a severe arraignment of
the deception practiced by the "little
giant" on the stump in regard to his
Congressional record, the railroad issue
and the single tas.
Metcalf at Willows.
WILLOWS, Oct. 11.— Victor H. Metcalf,
Republican nominee for CongTeas, was
warmly welcomed by a large crowd of
Glenn County people here this evening and
there was plenty of enthusiasm au
through the meeting, which Mr. Metcalf
addressed. The campaiKn is beginning to
warm up In this section, and it is cvi
dei ! that tho Republican vote of Glenn
County is going to be a surprise to the
enemy.
Mr. Mftcalf's speech won for him many
friends; It* manly, straightforward tone
and its freedom from personalities ap
pealing strongly to his hearers. The met
ing closed with cheers for Gage, Neff and
Metcalf. .
SON OF -TUNG CHI
WILL RULE CHINA
s- v ■ — ' !•- •■- ■
Selected as the New Emperor by the
Empress • Dowager and Im
perial/Clan.. ',V
LONDON. Oct. 11— The Empress Dow
ager of China and. the Imperial Clan, ac
cording to a special dispatch from Shang
hai, have adopted as the new Emperor a
son of the late -Emperor T' Xing Chi, who
will shortly be proclaimed. •
Coppinerer Retired.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Major General
John Coppinger. U. S. V.. was to-day re
tired a.s brigadier general of the regular
army on account of age. Hi* retirement
does not affect his standing in the volun-
BOSS PHELAN'S
CANDIDATES ON
DRESS PARADE
They Appear at Met
ropolitan Hall.
PROMISES MADE OF REFORM
EUGENE N. DEUPREY MADE A
POOR CHAIRMAN.
He Did Not Have a Programme and
Consequently Got Tangled
Up In His
Lines.
Eugene N. Denprey acted as master of
ceremonies last night at the ratification
meeting of the nominees of Boss Phelan's
convention of one hundred job chasers.
He performed fairly well, outside of get
ting Badly mixed up In Introducing some
of the Supervisorial candidates. He had
not been provided with a programme, and
consequently could hardly be blamed for
the few mistakes he made. His intentions
to boom the show wore all right, but he
fell a little" short in the execution of the
work. The ratification hnd been planned
with the end in view of making it dra
matic, but some of the play actors turned
it Into comedy and farce.
The first number reminded one of a
minstrel show. The band struck up "Co
lumbia," and the door leading from the
dressing room was thrown open by Colo
nel \V. P. Sullivan, who marshaled the
forces. Behind him came W. S. McGee,
who presided over the convention of the
job chasers; then Master of Ceremonies
Deuprey, and last, but not least, Barclay
Henley, formerly of Mexico. The second
division of the parade was made up of
Boss Phelan's candidates and about fifty
claquers, who in return for their services
expect to be given nice billets in the New
City Hall in the event of the ticket being
successful. When the band ceased play
ing Sullivan gave the signal and the per
former took their seats.
"I have been directed," said MrGpp, "to
call this meeting" to order and introduce
Eugene N. Deuprey as chairman."
Colonel Sullivan thought "directed"
sounded a little harsh, but contented him
self with a scowl.
Deuprey then launched forth in a strong
denunciation of bossism and the "hydra
headed monster" that threatens the anni
hilation of good government. He claimed
that C. A. Buckley was holding- forth
at the Russ Housp with the avowed in
tention "of assailing the Democratic nom
inees." He then paid a tribute to James
D. Phelan and declared that no one could
defeat him or that other fearless cham
pion of the people, Mr. Franklin, the nom
inee for City and County Attorney.
Franklin K. Lane, the nominee for City
and County Attorney, looked pained and
surprised at having his name chopped off
In such an unceremonious manner.
T. P. Bonnet, nominee for Sheriff, was
then introduced. He briefly announced that
if he was elected he would give the peo
ple a good government, turn the fees of
office Into the treasury and be contented
with his salary.
As Bonnet was making his bow Deuprey
called attention to the fact that it was a
pleasant token that there wus one candi
date who would be satisfied with his
Balary.
Mr. Greenblatt said that he had been
over twenty years in the city without
ever holding office. He promised that if
elected Treasurer he would pay every
demand presented to him If It was prop
erly authenticated.
"I will increase the valuation of cor
porations holding franchises from the
city," said Washington Dodge, "if I am
elected Assesor, 1 believe in increasing
the burden of taxation of the corpora
tions, and I will raise their assessed val
uations $1"),000.000."
Tho audience applauded and Deuprey
then arose to Introduce the nominee for
County Clerk. "It is with pleasure, " said
he. "that I introduce John H. "
There was a pause. Deuprey was so
thrilled with pleasure that ho couldn't
remember the name until a small boy
In the Rallery called out "Brown."
Candidate Brown had a bad attack of
stage fright, and cut his speech short.
"I am not a speech-maker," said he,
"for this is the first time I have ever
been connected wfth politics. If I am
elected I pledge you that I will run the
County Clerk's office on $600) a year."
"That is too modest of you." exclaimed
Deuprey. "You must mean $6000 a
month."
Brown nodded assent and took his seat.
Franklin K. Lane, or Mr. Franklin, as
Deuprey introduced him, next told of
how proud he felt to be on the ticket as
nominee for City and County Attorney.
"I am pleaded at having been selected
by Boss Phelan's convention. Now don't
shy at the word 'boss.' If we are to
have a boss let us have one who runs
himself. We want a boss who puts his
own name at the hoad of his own ticket."
Colonel Sullivan applauded, the claquerb
took the cue and the audience joined in.
Bernard Bienfeld, nominee for Sur
veyor, was next on the list. He had a
pretty speech written out, but It was not
heard, for when he was just getting
into the poetical flights Mayor Phelan
bobbed upon the stage. It had been ar
ranged that he make his appearance after
Lane's speech, but he was a few minutes
late. The crowd cheered Phelan, while
Bienfeld went on with his rea<lin.er.
About all that could be caught of his ad
dress was something about "desert plains,
mountains and valleys," and "the wilds
of frontier life." He concluded with a
nice word painting- representing Mayor
Phelan as "the hand of destiny."
James Denman told the audience that
he had been in public life for thirty-three
years- and that he expected to have a bet
ter office holding record, as he felt cer
tain that he would be ejected Superin
tendent of Schools.
R. P. Doolan electrified everyone pres
ent by stating that there were no strings
on him at the present time and that there
never will be any on him. He promised
that if he is elected Superintendent of
Streets he will "clean out" all of the
deputies at present in that office. He fur
ther pledged himself to give the city good
streets and to act in co-operation with
the Mayor, Supervisors and Merchants'
Association.
Deuprey th<*n called upon the candi
dates for Supervisors to step to the front
to be viewed by the audience. He said
that it was too late for them to make
speeches, so they contented themselves
with bowing as they were introduced. He
made a few mistakes in introducing them,
but llk'e in the Lane incident there was no
objection raised.
John H. Grady, candidate for Auditor,
and Edward L. Fitzgerald, nominee for
Public Administrator, next told the peo
ple what good and efficient officeholders
they would make if sent to the City Hall.
Michael Meagher had a speech prepared
on the prospects of his election as Re
corder, but sot a had attack of stage
fright. He stammered, laughed and wiped
the beads of perspiration from hiß fore
head and withdrew after announcing that
he would give a business-like administra
tion.
Barclay Henley started oft with a sketch
of the days of the vigilantes, then leaped
over time to the days of tKe Wallace
Grand Jury and wound up by declaring it
the religious* duty of all to vote for him
for District Attorney and Incidentally the
rest of the ticket.
Dr. E. K. Hill kindly Informed his
auditors that if he was elected Coroner
he would treat them decently if they e%-er
reached the Morgue. He then gave way
to Mayor Phelan. "I think it a good
omen," said the Mayor, "to come after
the Coroner. I believe It presages my re
election." Phelan then dwelt at length
on the charter light and said that the al
lied bosses and corporations were fight
ing the Democratic State and local ticket.
He urged every one to vote for both tick
ets straight. In the interest of reform and
good government.
THREE OF THE KOREAN
POISONERS EXECUTED
Their Bodies Dragged Through the
Streets — The Situation in Seoul
Serious.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. ISUB, by James Gor
don Bonnet.
HONGKONG. Oct. 11.— A dispatch from
Chemulpo states that three accused pois
oners were executed at Seoul last night.
A mob dragged the bodies through tho
streets. There was no other violence.
The situation is serious.
ROBBERS MURDER A PRIEST.
Had First Slain His Housekeeper
and Ransacked the Place.
PARIS, Oct. 11.— A terrible tragedy has
taken place at Saint Patrice, near Chln
on. In the department of Indre et Loire,
on the Vlenne. While the parish priest,
the venerable Fleural, was conducting
services burglars entered the presbytery
and murdered his ag«?d housekeeper.
Then they awaited the abbe's return and
beat him to death also, afterward ran
sacking the house. Abbe Pleura! was
chaplain to Marquis de Cnstellane.
ADV^RTISEKiENTa
Eat in Haste
And suffer at leisure. "When your
abused stomach can no longer cheer-
fully and properly perform its dutlea,
a few doses of Hood's Sarsaparilla are
like fresh water to a withered Dlaiit
This medicine tones the stomach, re-
stores digestive strength, creates an
appetite and with a little care in diet
the patient is soon again In perfect
health. Try it and you'll believe in it.
Hood's 8l 5Si la
Is America's Greatest Medicine.
Hood's Pills cure constipation. 25 cents.
GRAND PARADE OF
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
Most Gorgeous Ever
Seen in Pittsburg.
TWENTY THOUSAND IN LINE
BAIN FAILS TO DAMPEN THE
ARDOR OF PARADERS.
Brilliant Reception and Ball for th©
Knights and Their Ladies
at the Duquesne
Garden.
PITTSBVRG, Oct. 11.— The parade of
the twenty-seventh triennial conclave
of the Knights Templar is now an event
of history. Whatever had been antici
pated in the way erf gorgeousness,
splendor and general all-around success
was amply realized, that is, all but tho
rain, which was not expected. But
even at that it was the grandest parada
ever held in this city. In point of num
bers—there were 20,000 marchers in line
—it easily doubled similar occurrences
of the past, and as far as the appear
ance of the men, their uniforms, the
trappings of their horses, as well as
the perfection of their movements were
concerned, Pittsburg has never seen,
anything to equal it.
The day started with not a clo-ud in
the sky, a soft, gentle breeze blowing,
and long before the booming cannon
announced the start of the marchers
there was a multitude of people packed
together in an impenetrable throng
along the line of march. The number
of onlookers on the streets, in the win
dows on roofs and in the reviewing
stand's has been variously estimated at
from 500,000 to 1,000,000 people.
The rain commenced at 1:30 o'clock,
and for a while it looked as if the pa
rade might be broken up, but ao, the
Knights walked along with the same
spirit and displayed the same martial,
dignified bearing in the rain as they
had done under the sunshine.
The splendid uniforms of the Cali
fornia commanderies. their golden
swords and their chargers, attracted a
great deal of attention all along the
Hire.
The parade disbanded at Shenter
Park, and immediately after the Grand
Commandery met in Conference Hall
for the first actual business of the con
clave. After addresses of welcome by
Chairman Arthur B. Wigley, Mayor H.
P. Ford of Pittsburg, and State Grand
Commander Kuhn, the Grand Encamp
ment was declared open and Grand
Master Warren La Rue Thomas de
livered the annual address, after which
the reports of Grand Treasurer Lines
and Grand Recorder Mills were pre
sented.
The social feature of the conclave
took place to-night at the Duquesne
Garden. This was the reception ex
clusively for members of the different
Knights Templar commanderies, and
no laymen or any one, except ladies,
without a Templar uniform was ad
mitted.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The Hub"
(CHAS. KEILUS & CO.) Exclusive
132 Kearny, cor. sutter, High-grada
Thurlow Block. Clothiers.
Listen
To This
and reason with yourself. We an*
exclusive clothiers, have : nothing
to Bell hut clothing, a range of
suits from ten to fifty dollars, a
full stock of overcoats from ten
to sixty dollars, trousers from
two fifty to eleven. Haven't you
positively got an advantage hero
unobtainable elsewhere? And that
Is you're trading with clothiers
with an exclusive clothing stock.
London Top Coats,
$10 to $35.
Suits. . $10 to $50
Overcoats. . $10 to $60
Trousers . $2.50 to $11
, Send for Booklet
Money back if you want it.
Use ; f^\ and
Facial Soap I^/ Facial Cream.
Woodbury"s Facial- Soap, Facial Cream and
Facial and Tooth Powder will be found effica-
cious for preventing Wrinkles, Freckles or
chapping, cleansing and preserving the teeth.
dtm^m RUPTURE.
WtkZifllD USE NO MORE IRON
JCB Mr»<Jßß^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
r JMKMrJ Rupture retained with ease
■^/■VX an ° MmforL and thousands radU
« /M^ xt.s? i? CUR* by DR. PIERCE' 3
%,/^jr Magnetic Elastic Truss. CTCall at
'^bSS^ office or write for N"w Pamphlet No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
€20 Market at., opp. Palace Hotel. San Francl»c«
Munyon's Headache and lndlgestldnCure
Is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's t ripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures, 25c.
St^^aafc W I I ALIS
.^w|tl/®^ THE NEW
VITALIS 20thDa '- ISL 3 Dieienv
mODHES THE4COTE 3Cth Day. H!fcksi £lj a- -
C^M MM h ET o° l ''f' C °- 88 * »^WL CMC.
__Bold by O«| Drug Co.. 8. F.. and Oakland
W/.T.HESS,
NOTART POBLIO AND ATTOUNEY-AT LAW
Tenth Floor. itoom 1016. Claus S Kela Bids.
Telephone Brown 931. f •. ;
B^&co m <«»««««• •*.. »*lowHARBOR CLUB
ENTERTAINS
CANDIDATES
Water-Front Republi
cans Enthusiastic.
SPEECHES AND GOOD CHEER
BIG GATHERING AT WASHING
TON AND DAVIS STREETS.
Judge Murphy, Julius Kahn, Henry
Martin and Several Other Nom
inees Given a Rousing
Reception.
The Harbor Republican Club held a po
11 on the southwest
corner of ' gton and Davis streets !
last night. ■• more in the nature
of a reception I al and |
than a regular mas
■ v the guesi
be th tic and enjoyab
affair th< . since the cam
nts were servet
avoring strong-1
entertainment.
The large hall was packed with arden
voters ered each speaker wh
appears before them In a manner tha
i Ouubt as to how the city front wi
Vote four weeks hence. Captain l^u.\
sat known steamboat mas
. presided, ami in callin
to order spoke of th
promising outlook for the State and mv
nicipal tick pledged the votes o
the men who --am their livelihood on th
city front. He then introduced William
A. Deane. nominee for County Clerk, who
briefly touched upon the issues of t lie
campaign and paid a high tribute
to the ■ prise the local ticket
William 11. Phelps. candidate for Su
pervisor from ... Ward, was the ;
second speaker. He talked to his hearers
sas5 as comrades, for Mr. Phelps has been en
gaged in business on the "front" for ;
nearly a quarter of a century- He said he i
aspired to the position once held by his !
faiher and his one ambition was to make j
as clean a record as the elder i 'helps had j
made in that ofllee.
Judge D. J. Murphy made the main ad- j
drr-?s of the evening, his narks being
punctuated througxmt with applause. "In
tho first place." said Judge Murphy, "the
Republicans have prepared the boat plat
form ever drafted. It is so good that even j
our opponents say that any honest man
could stand upon it. Then there is the
ticket, which is just as g<->od as the plat
form. No better man than Charles L.
Pation, the Republican nominee for
[Mayor, can be found in the United
iJStates." After paying a high tribute to •
Mr. Patton. Judge Murphy proceeded i
down tho list of nominees.
"There's Henry Martin." said he, '
"whom you all know. Henry Martin has i
a soul po large t.Tat his body is not an
eighth of an inch too large" to hold it.
And Billy Doane— where can you tind a
better man or one who will make a more
faithful public serVant than he? Then
conies honest John - be, of whom not
even hi.- bitterest opponent can truth- !
fully utter one word against him. They j
may lie about him, but if they t<- ■■'. the
truth they will only sound his praises." |
Martin Fraglry. I. J. Truman and Ed- j
ward Sheehan also came In for their meed j
of praise, and then somebody in the j
crowd asked for some information about '■ i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
©♦♦♦•♦■ +++ + + + ■«'>♦ -♦■<
I JUST '■
\ RECEIVED
4"
4- The First Large Shipment of
■4- Our Celebrated
: LIFE-SAVING
I SHOES.
•♦■
4" We Ordered
4" 200 cases of these shoes and now ■
4- find we have twice too many. But -
4- we know how to dispose of them. .
•4- The regular price is $5, but with
+ -this enormous stock on hand we
will mark them down to
: $3,50 per pair, :
"t These Shoes -"
Are made of the finest quality "*
. French kid, welted sewed soles, H
stitched edges. The soles are H
"*" thick and soft. After wearing A
4- them a few days they will be easy *
4- as a turn sole. All styles. All sizes. H
■+■ Lace and button. H
+ . . -<
4- We Will Sell You 4
4- A regular French Kid Lace Shoe, "^
■♦- v/eited sewed soles, stitched edges, "*
-*. coin toe, patent-leather tips, at 4
: 52.5G per pair. :
The best value for the money in 4
America. +
X ~~ 4
+ — If either of the above are — 4
_^_ — not as represented return — 4
— them at our expense, — 4
A ~~~~" 4
We are the prompt mail-order house. 4.
Write for our new illustrated catalogue. 4.
4- " ♦
4- iiwk/l +
4. PHELAN BUILDINQ, 4-
f* 812-814 Market Street, San Praaoisoo. *
9 4. 4: 4: .4: 4: 4: 4: .4: 4: 4: 4: 4: .4: 4: 4. O
Murphy. The Judge responded with a
short biography from the first day he
went to work on the wnter front hand
ling lumber, over a third of a century
ago, to the present time. When he re
tired he was again heartily cheered, and
Justice of the Peace Groezinger stepped
fiiwnrd. His remarks were very brief,
sis he had to hurry away to another
meeting.
Judge Tread well was the next speaker.
While he •was talking Julius Kahn en
tered the hall and was given a rousing
reception. Judge Treadwell soon gave
way to the Congressional candidate, who
discussed national issues for the few mo
ments he occupied the platform, impress
ing upon his hearers the necessity for
electing a Republican Congress to up
hold the good work of President McKin
iey.
Brief speeches were also made by E.
H. Aigeltinger, Henry Martin and Al
lierthier. The meeting broke up with
more cheers for the ticket.
William A. Deane Club.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of
the William A. Deane Club was held last
night at Becker's Hall, 14 Third street.
The following named permanent officers
were elected: President, Alfred Fuhr
man; vice president, Edward 11. Kelly:
recording secretary, P. M. McGushln;
financial secretary, J. C. Kotiok; treas
urer. Samuel Rothberg; sergeant at arras,
James McDonnell; executive committee-
William Moffatt. Joseph Dollahan. C. T.
Kapp, Robert Kerr. P. J. Joyce. Hartley
Keville, B. Mooney, Charlea Banke, Ed
Mitchell, Alex McDonald, Thomas Moran.
Thomas McDermott, Ed Mulville. * ? - l ' ■
Jackson and Carl W. Mueller. The meet
ing: was addressed by Samuel Rothberg.
John Heenan, James Spade. P. M. Mc-
Gushln, R Mooney. P. Graham, Alfred
Fuhrman and others. During the prog
ress of the meeting Mr. Deane entered
the hall and received n rousing ovation.
In a few well chosen remarks he thanked
a!! present for the Interest taken in his |
campaign, and predicted that with their ■
co-operation he could not fail to be th« j
next County < 'k-rk. The next meeting |
of the c'uii will be held at Becker's Hail
r.ext Tuesnay
CANDIDATES MAY
BE DISQUALIFIED
TWO DEMOCRATIC ASSEMBLY
NOMINEES.
James H. Kelly and James P. Booth
Said to Have Been Placed on
the Ticket Illegally.
There is a strong probability that the
nominations of two of the candidates for
the Assembly on the Democratic ticket
will be declared Invalid because of the ir-
regularity of the proceedings by which
I the nominations were made. Reference
i is made to the nominations of James H.
Kelly in the Fortieth Assembly District
' and James P. Booth in the Forty-third
District. Both nominations were made by
i the vacancy committee of the Democratic
! municipal convention. The question in
J controversy is fully set forth In the fol-
I lowing protest /iled yesterday with Sec
; retary of State Brown:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. S, I*9B.
Hon L«. H. Brown, Secretary of State, Sac
ramento, Cal. — Sir: The undersigned, a
, citizen and elector of this city and county. I
' and more particularly of the Fourth Precinct
. of the Forty-third Assembly District, respect
! fully desires to call ypur attention to the fol- .
! lowing statement of facts:
The so-called Democratic Municipal Con
\-ention m»t on September 29. 1898, for the pur- ;
I pose of nominating eighteen Assemblymen for
I the various districts comprising this city, to J
! wit: From the Twenty-eighth up to and In- 1
: eluding the Forty-fifth District. When the
! Fortieth District was reached. M. C. ITaspett.
a member of the convention from the Fortieth |
| District, asked that the district be j.-a.sseU -or
the reason that they had not yet secured -i I
candidate for the position; and when the
Forty-third District was reached the same
proceeding was had. (See proceedings in The. :
■ (.'all and Chronicle of September 30.) Nomina- j
tions were not made for either of these dis- .
] tricts subsequently for the reason that tha i
convention adjourned pine die on September j
29. According to law a committee on vacan
cies, consisting of five members, was ap- I
pointed by the convention. The certlflate of I
nominations filed by tha chairman and secre
tary of the convention does not contain the
name of any nominee for the Forty-third, as
well ss for the Fortieth Assembly 'District;;
but the places for the names, as well as for I
the residences, are left blank. Attached to i
the certificate, containing all th* municipal as
well as the legislative nominees, is a co- !
called certificate, bearing no date nor the day of ,
th» mo-ting of the committee on ancles,
giving no names of the original nominees for
the above two districts, because none were
made, no cause for the existence of vacancies
because none existed, and complying In no
way with the law of elections and particularly
with Section ll&I of the Political Code of this I
State, having reference to vacancies an I the
power of the committee to fill them. Th so
called attached certificate is not sworn to by
the chairman of the committee, Thomas J.
Walsh, nor by the secretary, Thomas Murray, i
of the committee on vacancies, and seems to ;
be utterly valueless because the original cer- j
tificate is sworn to by a notary public on Sep- j
tember ."0, the day next to the adjournment i
of the convention, whereas there is no notarial
certificate attached to the nominations filed by I
the committee on vacancies. ;
The point at Issue, and the principal one, Is
that no vacancies existed for the committee
to fill; that the failure of the convention to
make these nominations did not create a va
cancy. Section 1192 also states that the cer
tificate of the committee must also contain
the name of the person nominated and the
name of the new nominee in whose place he
was substituted. Of course, where no nomi
nation was made originally no substitution
can be made to fill any vacancy. The Sen
ate of the United States has decided re
peatedly, particularly in the cases of the
ftates of Montana, Wyoming end Delaware,
and more recently in the State of Oregon in
the case of H. W. Corbett, appointed by the
Governor to fill the office of Senator, owing to
the failure of the Legislature to elect, that
a failure by the Legislature to elect does not
create a vacancy within the meaning of the
constitution of the United States, and the
Senatorial office remained vacant for the
term until the next session of the Legisla
ture.
These cases seem to he absolutely Identical,
and the undersigned hereby enters his formal
irotest apalnst the placing on the ticket to
be voted for on Tuesday, November 8. 1838, the
name of James H. Kelly of 1810 Devisadero
Ftreet, from the Fortieth Assembly District,
and the name of .lame* P. Rooth of 901 Powell
street, from the Forty-third Assembly Dis
trict, both of this city, neither of them hav
ing been nominated in compliance with the
acts of the Legislature governing the filling of
such vacancies, Respectfully yours.
JULIUS SAULMAXN'.
232 Stockton street.
Indorsed Patton for Mayor.
The Municipal Reform League met yes
terday afternoon in the rooms formerly
occupied by the Republican State Central
Committee at «- 7 2 Market street. A reso
lution was adopted by the league indors
ing Judge James M. Trout! .-is candidate
for J'!d.£je of the Superior Court, and each
member of the league was pledged to do
all in his power for th.- re-election of
Judge Troutt.
A resolution was adopted Indorsing Ron
Charles L. Patton as candidate for
Mayor, and condemning the acts of the
present Mayor.
.Many speeches were made condemning
Mr. Phelan. Some of the delegates
charged that he bad the "big-head. A
committee was appointed by the chair to
canvass the local tickets and report at
the next meeting as to the various candi
dates.
United States Club.
The United States < lub was organized
at C 47 Sacramento street in the Porty
flfth Assembly District. The following
named officers were elected: K. M. .Laf
ferty, president; Thomas Phelan, vice
Lent; Frederick {linger, treasurer;
H. S. ciark, secretary; Samuel Kendall,
serxranl at arms. After listening to the
eloquent and enthusiastic speech of Fer
dinand J. Widman indorsing John D
Tor Assessor, Judge A. R Treadweii
candidate for Police Judge, and Henry S.
Martin, candidate for Sheriff, the meet-
Ing adjourned with three cheers for Gage
and Men* and the Republican ticket.
Big Meeting at Martinez.
MARTINEZ, Oct. 10.— The Republican
campaign was opened here this evening
with a big mass meeting. Bonfires and
music added to the enthusiasm. Hon. D.
E. McKlnlay and Tlrey 1,. Ford, candi
date for Attorney General, addressed a
large audience. The Issues were clearly
presented to the people and Maguire was
strongly denounced.
A Maguire Club.
A. Maguire Club was organized last
evenir.p in the Twenty-eighth District at
138 Second street. The following- officers
were elected: President, Thomas Maher;
secretarj'i William F. Britt; treasurer,
Patrick Hayes; executlvo committee,
Henry Healey, James Button, J. M. Fer
ris.
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1898.
OFFICERS OF
ELECTION MOST
OWN PROPERTY
Important Ruling of
Supervisors.
HELLER NOT A CANDIDATE
HAS NO DESIRE TO MAKE A CAM
PAIGN FOR SHERIFF.
Young Men's Republican League Is
Now Getting Into Uniform
for the Cam
paign.
Oakland Office of San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 11.
The Supervisors created some surprise
this afternoon by announcing- that in ac
cordance with an opinion of the District
Attorney ottlcers of election must not only
be voters, but must also be property
owners. The only exception to this rule
is that of ballot clerk, who need not be on
the assessment roll. This will require the
altering: of nearly all the lists, which were
made up in the belief that any one on the
great register was qualified for an election
officer.
Another little surprise was the an-
nouncement that Sam W. Heller, who has
been making a lively Independent cam
paign for Sheriff, has withdrawn from the
fight. Heller notified his friends to-day
I that he had dex-ided to do all he possibly
j could to help the chances of the regular
j Republican candidate, Oscar Rogers. For
| a couple of months Heller has been mak
■ Ing a very steady and successful cam
i paign and has acquired much strength; in
! fact, it is believed he would have polled
< about 2000 votes. This strength given to
Oscar Rogers will make more certain the
tatter's election.
It is also reported that Heller may take
the stump in favor of Rogers.
The Young Men's Republican League
Corps has been reorganized for the pres
ent campaign and a full list of officers
was elected last night. Next Saturday
evening there will be a big Republican
turnout in this city and the drill corps
will try to make a splendid showing on
that occasion.
W. J. Downle has been elected captain;
Will D. Powers, secretary of the corps;
J. P. Kick, first lieutenant, and Charles
Brier, Becond lieutenant. W. H. Dickison
■ lected third lieutenant and it was
decided that the captain should alFo act
as treasurer. After a consultation by the
captain and lieutenant tho following ser
geants and corporals were named: First
sergeant. G. \V. Cunningham; color ser
geant. Teddy Joste: sergeants— Bert Fel- i
lows, David Sinclair, A. B. Markeley, L. \
Edwards, F. M. Magil!; corporals— Al Wil
liams. H. Payne, P. Permien, R. York, W.
Goodwin and Ed Clarrage.
Bert Swan, who is on the committee ap
■ : to rail funds for new uniforms.
has secured pledges for about $145, and the
organization will r>e thoroughly uniformed
as Boon as possible.
The following order has been issued to
igrue:
irgently requested to pay spe- :
cial attention to the following orders for
this week's work. Plea.se do not fail to
attend.
"Wednesday, October 12— Drill without
uniforms at H p.m.
"Friday — Drill with uniforms and
torches at 8 p. m. sharp.
"Saturday— Meet at hall at 7 o'clock
sharp to take part in the parade. A band
will be in attendance. All members at
tending drill "Wednesday will obtain In
formation regarding- uniforms.
- E .T.JOs''r¥; S J ec?e?a^ ' Captaln
This evening the Independents held a
meeting- at Lorln ajnl several of their can
didates spoke.
The Forty-ninth Assembly District Re
publican <:iub will meet to-morrow night
at Hansen'B Hall, West Oakland. Dl
Attorn.-y Snook and -some of the candi
dates will supply the oratory.
The Republican Alliance lias received an
invitation from the Santa Clara County
• 'entral Committee to gr> to San Jose
shortly and participate in one of the gala
occasions of the campaign in that city.
The alliance has made arrangements to
have Genera] Harries deliver an address
at the Tabernacle next Saturday evening
The Socialist Labor Party will hold Its
1 mass meeting at the Tabernacle
to-morrow evening, when j..h Harriman
candidate for Qovemor, will deliver a lec
ture, illustrated with views
IN TWIN PEAKS HALL.
Eugene F. Loud Addresses a Large
and Enthusiastic Meeting of
Republican Voters.
Congressman Eugene F. Loud address
ed a large and enthusiastic meeting at :
i Twin Peaks Hall, on the corner ol Seven- i
; teenth and Noe streets, last night. Tne
meeting was presided over by Frank
French, who, in opening the meeting,
spoke of the valuable service rendered to
the Republican party and also to the peo
! pie of the Fifth Congressional District by
; that distinguished Representative, Eugene
F. Loud.
The Introduction of T/oud was the Fig
; nal for continued applause from the large
 audience. There was no waste of time or
w.rds from the speaker, who launched
i into the heart of his discourse. He re
viewed th<- Congressional record of James
G. Maguire and his Blngle tax bobby as
also the vacillating action of the Repre
sentative from the Fourth District unon
every Question brought before the House
of Representatives that hail for Its ob-
Jed the betterment of the country when
ever the measure emanated from a Repub
lican source. He was opposed to war with
Spain. li. was opposed to the levying of
a war tax for the maintenance of iv»
brave m< n who went forth to protect the
'; American flap against a foreign foe. In
fact he was opposed to any and every
; thing introduced by a Republican memoer
except that which pleased or tickled his
Democratic fancy, and such occa
wer< very rare and far between. The
Democratic party, thinking that it woUid
in some way hamper the administration
of President McKlnley, at first favored
the war. bat as scion as it was se.-u that
the entire country, North and S >uth, were
united, then they commenced to back and
till, and in every conceivaßie manner tried
to prevent the Issuance of war bonds. In
this the speaker sympathized wfth them,
as they had a holy horror of bonds since,
during the administration of President
Cleveland, bo, ids amounting to millions
had been Issued at a time when the nation
was at j" •
in conclusion he urged upon the voters j
to ;t that California send a solid i
Republican delegation to Washington to
support the administration of that great
and grand man, William McKlnley.
Short speeches were made by <"harles
L. Pat ton, the magnetic candidate ior
Mayor; W. A. Deane, nominee for County
'■].-rk; E. L. Head; E. I. Sheehan: T. K.
Graham; H. N. Clement, nominee for Su
perior Judge; \Y. H. Phelps, nominee for
Supervisor for the Fourth Ward; G. \V.
Collins*, nominee for Supervisor for the
Eighth Ward; and last, I "it by no means
least, that warm-hearted Native Sou.
Henry S. Martin, nominee for Sheriff,
whose appearance on the pint form was
the signal for a burst of applause mat
would make any candidate feel compli
mented.
Half Million Club.
The Half Million Non-Partisan Club
will hold a meeting to-night at ]2."> Tenth
street, when nominees Henry Martin. EL
Aigeltinger, Martin Fragley and others
■ Kpected to address the members.
Den wurthman is president of the club
and Frank Trainer secretary.
District Democratic Club.
The Democrats of the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District organized las-t evening
at the Coast Seamen's Hall. The follow
ing named officers were elected and In
stalled: President. John J. Oreeley; vice
president, John A. Moore; secretary, T. J.
Cleary; treasurer. Martin J. Heavey: ser
geant at arms, Michael Ryan; executive
committee. M. J. Brown. Charles Duran,
Ed Lynch, Alexander Estelita and Jos
eph Kelliher. The following resolution
was adopted and spread upon the min
utes:
Resolved. That the Twenty-Eighth As
sembly District Democratic Club unani
mously indorse the platform and nomi
nees of the Democratic State and muni
cipal conventions and that we pledge our
selves to support and aid the nominees
of these conventions.
One hundred and fifty members signed
the roll.
Republican Demonstration.
A grand demonstration of the '9S Re
publican Club was had last night at Ca
dets' Hall, 335 McAllister street. George
W. Schbell presided. An Immense audi
ence of enthusiastic Republicans loudly
cheered the candidates who were pres
ent. Asa R. Wells, candidate for Aud
itor; John Carson, candidate for Supe
rior Judge; Thomas P. Graham, candi
date for Police Judge, and J. N. E. Wil
son made addresses. Edwin M. Sweeny
was heartily indorsed by the club as a
candidate for Police Judge on the Re
publican ticket for the umxpired term.
Fragley Club Organized.
A Martin F. Fragley Club was organ
ized last evening at !)73 Howard street
with the following named officers: Presi
dent, John Hunt: vice-president, J. M.
Easting; secretary, John C. Lucy; ser
geant at arms. Charles Duneen; finance
committee — Thomas Slavin, Joseph Horn,
James Casey and P. Foley. The meeting
was addressed by Char'.es L. Patton, C.
F. Curry. John A. Hoey, William a.
Kemp, Thomas F. Graham. Dr. W. J.
Hawkins and William A. Deane. The
club will meet every Tuesday evening dur
ing the campaign.
Thirtieth District Republicans.
A Thirtieth District John A. Hoey Club
was organized at 973 Howard street. Offi
cers were elected as follows: John T.
Lucy, president; Francis Kilkenney, vice
president; Joseph King, secretary:
linn nee committee — Thomas Doran.
Charles Metzger, Joseph Horn. Charles
Ralindo, M. Fallon, lr-d Wallace. The
club was addressed by Julius Kahn,
Charles L. Patton, C. F. Curry. Thoma;,
F. Graham and Dr. W. J. Hawkins.
Meetings will be held every Tuesday
evening.
Printers' Political Club.
The Printers' James H. Barry Club met
last night at 320 Post street. The individ
ual workers of the club made very en
couraging reports of the situation. The
president. S. H. Jenner, made an Inter
esting address, giving many valuable
points on the campaign. A committee
was appointed to arrange for a high
Jinks. The members of the committee
are: Messrs. McGowan, Regaudiat, Mono
han. Feistcarn. Torres, Jenner, Baum,
Ward, Boukofßky and Slmpton.
Clerks Form a Club.
A well attended meeting of clerks em
ployed in retail dry goods houses was
held last evening in the hall of the Dry
Goods Men's Association. T. F. Quinlan
acted as chairman. Several speeches
were made and the Democratic municipal
nominees were indorsed. Arrangements
are under way for a mass meeting to be
held in the near future.
Colored Politicians.
The Forty-third Assembly District Col
ored Club held Its meeting at 11 Stock
ton street last night. The usual business
was transacted. Fifteen members signed
the roll. The officers of the club are.
L. V. Purcell, president; Jose Turner, vice
president; S. C. Robinson, secretary;
Harry Carter, sergeant at arms; S. F.
King, treasurer.
German Democrats.
The? South End Germnn-Ameriran Ma
quire Club held a m<-'-t;iiK ;i r ol!» Bryant
str.-.-t last evening. The following officers
were elected: President, H. B. Qoecken;
vice-president, Captain P. Sievert; secre
tary. Dr. Charles M. Troppmann; treas
urer, Charles Haase. Meetings will be
held at 619 !'rv:uit Ptreet hereafter every
Monday.
BRYAN SEEKS TO KEEP
SILVER ISSUE ALIVE
Pledges His Financial Support for
Two Years to the Cause
He Led.
CHICAGO. Oct. IL— W. IT. Harvey, gen
eral manager of the ways and means com
mittee of the Bimetallic League, 104-1 Unity
building, Chicago, is in receipt of the fol
lowing letter from Colonel William J.
Bryan, dated Jacksonville. Fla. :
My Dear Sir: I Inclose a pledge for
monthly contributions to the cause of bi
metallism until October, 1900, together
with the installment for this month. I
most cordially indorse the plan adopted
by the committee and am confident it will
result in the collection of a large fund for
the circulation of bimetallic literature.
Since our fight Is in the interest of the
"plain peopi." — to use Lincoln's phrase, or
the "common people," to borrow a Bible
term— we must appeal to them for the
moans of carrying on the contest.
The financiers can contribute large sums
to support the gold standard, because
the monopoly of money fives them great
pecuniary profit. Surely, you can appeal
with confidence to the millions who suffer
from a rising dollar and falling prices.
Having brought freedom to Cuba, the
American people car renew the struggle
for the financial independence of the
United States. Yours truly.
WILLIAM J. BRYAN.
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION.
National Body Discusses the Laws
Committee's Report.
SYRACUSE, N. V.. Oct. IL— To-day's
session of the International Typo
graphical Union was largely devoted to
considering a portion of the report of the
committee °n lr.ws. Thero was a prn
longetl r'scnssior: on the proposed chanse
in the method of organization. It was
finally disposed of by the appointmen- of
a committee of three to ascertain the
competitive centers of the country with a.
view to laying out new districts. TTie
union voted not to admit in future allied
trades Into typographical unions.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I T FROM MAKER to WEARER DIRECT. |— ,
THE LAST CHANCE
TO BUY THE CELEBRATED
" OPJ.H3C3-O2ST CITY oassimere"
ALL-WOOL
S3 PANTS. <£ir\ QITTTQ
EVERY PAIR BEARS THIS LABEL. CD 1 V-/ CD VmJ 1 A <^ ■
LOOK FOX THIS LABEL ON EVERY COAT.
LOOK FO* THIS L * B^^^^"J^J*^'
WfiiSBB^XBRB&MmasSi the coat alone is worth more than $m
waW^M&&lM3i^ ONLY A few more suits of clothes and A few MORE pairs OF pants TO be
»flil£%»y!ilyJif sold at these prices, THEY ARE NEW, UP to date, this SEASON'S GOODS, made
wkMrSiw!^W^ IN OUR OWN MILLS. THESE ARE THE GREATEST CLOTHING VALUES EVER OFFERED
ißmS^Liw^W IN SAN FRANCISCO. SEEING IS BELIEVING.
ralOfM Wholesale Clothing Manufacturers,
»&"""&» Proprietors Oregon City Woolen Mills,
• e-oSFWI it.- ■ ■ 121-123 Sansome Street
The Cloth alone la worth more than $3.00. X** X X **<-' WttllOUlilW KJ Itl OOtj
No retail mail orders filled. Open Saturdays " S Between Bush and Pine
till 8:30 p. m. The Rreatest line of overcoats In Detween ousn ana rmo.
America. Too bu B to talk .bout them to- LOOK OUT FOR IMITATORS LOOK FOR ALL BLUE SIGNS.
A COMPETING
FERRY LINE
IS PROMISED
The Realty Syndicate Makes
a Statement of Its In
tentions.
Property-Owners of Golden Gate Meet to
Hear the Proposition and Promise
to Aid the Enterprise.
The proposition to establish a new
fery system between Oakland and San
Francisco, an outline of which was pub
lished In The Call a few days ago, is tak
ing a definite shape. The Realty Syndi
cate, promoters of the enterprise, made
the first public announcement of Its In
tentions last night at a meeting of prom
inent property holders of Golden Gate
and vicinity in Klinkner Hall. The
meeting was for the purpose of hearing
what proposals the syndicate had to of
fer.
It was called to order by J. S. Wixson,
who stated that he, in company with
Messrs. Gifford and Smith, had as a com
mittee investigated the plans of the com
pany, and they were Batisfled that if the
plans were carried out it would result
in great advantage, particularly to that
section of Oakland. Furthermore he
said he felt assured that the syndicate
meant business.
J. H. Ruurke was elected chairman and
CharUs Chlchester, well known to the
business men of San Francisco, acted as
secretary. Charles E. Lloyd of the firm
of Lloyd & Hi-ardslee, general agents of
the Realty Syndicate in Alameda Coun
ty, addressed the meeting, stating what
the corporation has accomplished In the
past six years— namely, the purchase of
seven street car lines serving Oakland
and Alameda, and 4000 acres of land, in
which there are over 400,000 front feet of
lots. These properties, purchased in
times of great depression, be said, are
worth $7,000,000, and on the money invest
ed are paying handsomely. His company,
he asserted, was abundantly üb'e to meet
ail its obligations and was doing so.
"We are not just ready to build the
ferry system." said he, "but we are going
to establish it. Considering our great in
terests on this side of the bay, there is
nothing else to do as a sound business
proposition."
He further nnnounced that it was the
purpose of the syndicate to establish a
cemetery on its pro] erty in the eastern
part of Oakland, and run funeral cars
from all parts of that city. The ferry and
car system would tap a population of 500,
000, am; on account of its exclusive pas
senger boats and rapid transit would com
mand a very extensive patronage and add
greatly to the realty values on the Oak- '
land .side of the bay. In conclusion he
said that in or^er t.> make the enterprise
advance more promptly it was necessary
th.it the property-owners who are to oe
benefited should take a substantial inter
est in it.
Mr. Beurdslee in a concise statement
SENATOR BULLA
ON AMENDMENTS
Proposed Changes inthe
Constitution.
Special risr^tch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 11.— State Sena
tor Rol>prt N. Bulls has given consid
erable study to the amendments to the
State constitution which are to be vot
ed for in November, and he is now giv
ing the voters the conclusions he has
arrived at. The fart that the Senator
was a member of the Legislature and
took a prominent part in framing the
amendments upon which the people are
to vote make his conclusions of special
interest.
The Senator explained to The Call
correspondent that, while amendments
to a State constitution were rather a
dry subject, they had to he given con
sideration, as they materially affected
the fundamental law of the State. He
Bald:
During thirty years there have been 456
changes or amendments to the constitu
tion. Article XIII of the constitution, re
lating to taxation, has been the great
bone of contention.
Of the amendments proposed this year
No. I— that known as the amendment ex
empting certain cities from certain laws
regarding claims against them— l am op
posed to. It is entirely for the benefit of
Vfillejo and San Francisco, and will per
mit them to pay claims contracted in ex
cess of the revenue received by those
cities during the year they were contract
ed. As to Vallejo, the amendment is all
right, but it would admit of the payment
of illegal claims contracted in San Fran
cisco, and for that reason should be de
feated.
Amendment No. 2 is an important one.
It permits each county in the State to
frame a local county government act. It
• told his hearers that the syndicate
' "must have the ierry" to make a success
of the plans that had been maturing for
years. It depended, he said, on the peo
| pie of Oakland whether they have the
! ierry in three or four years or in eighteen
months.
"We propose to give you a service."
said he, "that will land you in this part
; of Oakland in nineteen minutes from Sun
j Francisco. The Union Iron Works tells
us that the style of boats we have se
can make such time readily in
I connection with fast electric cars on the
mole, which is to extend into the bay
two and a half miles. We naturally want
some help from you people who "are to
share in the advantages. We want you
to be actively Interested with us. Then
you will work for mutual success. 1 '
He announced the intention of the syn
dicate to build a large central distribut
ing depot at Emeryville, from which
electric cars would cover Oakland, Ber
keley and Alameda. It was the desire
that the peopie of that section of the city
should show their interest in the enter
prise by subscribing to the investment
shares of the- company, for which ample
security would be afforded and 6 per cent i
interest guaranteed.
These shares would be exchangable. if i
desired, for capital stock of the corpora- |
tion. The agreement would call for the !
payment of one-fifth of the amount sub- I
scribed twenty days after the beginning
of construction of the mole, and four
fifths when the ferry system went Into
• ;■• i ELtlon.
Cragie Sharp, secretary of the Oakland
Board of Trade, addressed the audience
in an enthusiastic speech in which he
vividly described the advantages such an !
enterprise would be to Oakland, and he '■
urged everybody to help it along. He also
sharply criticized the "mud-throwers."
who are always blocking all such pro
gressive efforts In Oakland. What that
city was suffering for. he said, was more
railroads and competition, and these
thinKs would soon come if "the people j
together."
Before the meeting closed the chair
asked the people of that section to assist
the enterprise in every possible way for
their own benefit.
After the meeting 1 the leading property- ''
owners preseni expressed their willing- i
ness to take shares In the business on the
guarantee given that every dollar sub- |
scribed would ko to the building of the |
ferry line. They arranged for a meeting ;
to be held this week at which they will
make their subscriptions, which they say
will aggregate a substantial sum.
The people of Berkeley .are taking a!
lively Interest in the proposition and will \
hold* a meeting this week to be called uy
the City Trustees.
1 will give Alpine County, with Its 100
voters, an opportunity to legislate for it
self and will not compel it to work under
■ the same act provided for Los Angeles
County with her 40,000 voters.
Still there is a defective feature in me
amendment, and for this reason I am op
posed to it. It permits each county to
I enact its own election laws, which wouid
kill the Australian ballot in counties
where a majority of the freeholders elect
ed to frame the county act were opposed
Ito the Australian ballot. I would advise
everybody to vote against this amend
i ment.
The amendment labeled No. 3 1 favor.
It provides for the creation of a court of
claims, and will take from State Legisla
tures a powerful and corrupt factor which
has in the past more or less controlled
State legislation.
I am in favor of amendment No. 4. It ]
relates solely to San Francisco. >
Amendment No. 5, providing- for the suc
cession as Governor in case of the death
or disability of the executive, simply .
making the succession more explicit, 1 fa
vor.
Amendment No. C should be voted for.
It relates to grammar schools, defining
distinctly their standing under- the law,
and gives outside, or country schools,
their Just proportion of the school fund.
Everybody should vote for amendment
No. 7. " It provides that the first twenty
five or thirty days of a legislative ses- I
sion should be devoted to the introduc- j
tion of bills. Then an adjournment is to
be taken for thirty or sixty days during I
which the newspapers and the people can '
discuss the proposed legislation. Then
the Legislature is to reassemble, and as a
result there will be more deliberate ac- I
tion upon all legislation enacted.
The Southern California Republican '
League has adopted a resolution pro- j
viding for a State constitutional con
vention of eighty members to draw up
a Dew State constitution. Senator
Bulla favors this proposition, as he is
of the opinion that the commonwealth
is sadly in need of a new constitution,
drawn BO as to include all the amend
ments already passed and brought up i
to date to include sundry reforms.
Yolo's Active Democrats.
"WOODLAND, Oct. 11.— The Demo
cratic county candidates started In a
body to-day to make a thorough can
vass of the county. The first meeting
was held at Rumsey this evening.
Meetings will be held every evening,
Sundays excepted, until the close of
the campaign.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HON. JULIUS KAHN,
HON. FRANK McGOWAN
AND
COL. T. V. EDDY
WILL
ADDRESS
THE
PEOPLE
AT
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE,
FIFTH STREET,
NEAR MARKET,
— ox — :
WEDNESDAY
EVENING.
MUSIC AND CAMPAIGN SONGS.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR. . .
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
REPUBLICAN, NON-PARTISAN AND POP-
fl-IST NOMINEE.
|3 £$ I COUNTY CLERK,
Vy M. A. DEANE,
COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
f f REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
t REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
E. L. FITZGERALD
(LABOR COMMISSIONER)
FOR *
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
DEMOCRATIC AND POPULIST NOMINEE.
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
WFRVITA Kwtcm vitality
IMEZn VI I M LOST VIGOR.
$&**£&, "— ""'AND MANHOOD
fgg&!*"J£ Cures Impotencv Night Emissions and wasting
9SKS9 S diseases, all effects cf seif-abuse, or excess and
V? -3] indiscretion. A nenre/tcnic and blood-builder.
' Ik "^CI" " " -" ''"'* pink glow to pale cheeks and re
h, js>K x / stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
Fjfftk^TjKL boxi 6 boxes for $2.50: with • written
(K;iJ^3jF^Srnidr3r.tre to cure or refund the mooey,
tkrefta medical Co., CHntcn * Jackson its., Gbicaaj.
WALLER BROS., 33 Grant aye.. San Francisco.
NOTICE !
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT. STATE OF
California. Sacramento, October 12, IS9S.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
3663 of the Political Code, notice Is hereby
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Du-
plicate Record of Apportionment of Railway I
Assessments," containing the assessments'
upon the property of each of the following-
named associations or corporations as fixed
by the said State Board of Equalization for
the year IS9S, to wit:
1 alifornia Pacific Railroad Company, Central
Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Califor-
nia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Faciilc Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company,
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Ranroad Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway.
Company, Nevada County Narrow Gauge
Railroad Company, Carson and Colorado
Railroad Company, Nevada-California-Oreson
Railway Company, Pajaro Valley Consoli-
dated Railroad Company, Pacific Coast Rail- •
way ComDany, Alameda and Pan Joaquin :
Railroad Company, Gualala River Railroad
Company, California and Nevada Railroad
Company, Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, Sierra Valleys Railway Company. San
Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway
Company and Pullman's Palace Car Com-
pany.
The State and County taxes on all Tterßonal
property, and one-half of the State and
county taxes on all real property, are now ;
due and payable and will be delinquent on i
the last Monday in November next, at six ]
o'clock p. m., and unless paid to the State
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, five -
per cent will be added to amount thereof
and unless so paid on or before the last Mon-
day in April next, at six o cock p. m., an
additional five per cent will be added to the
' amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be due and i
payable after the first Monday In Janu- *
ary next, and will be delinquent on the <
last Monday In April next at six o'clock
p. m.. and unless ; paid to the State •
Treasurer at the Capitol prior thereto, five
per cent will be added to the amount thereof.
E. P. COLGAN, State Controller.
84
MORINGA CLOSE
TO RECORD TIME
Outfoots Marplot, at Los
Angeles.
MILE NEGOTIATED IN 1:391-2
rLORACITA WINS THE PACE AT
LONG ODDS.
Losette, Lady Ashley and William
OB Tliree Favorites to Earn
Money for Tlieil"
Backers.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
LOB ANGEL.ES, Oct. LL— Ladies' day at
ultural Park drew out a top-!
hous< nd stand w; d with
: talr sex a- ■: th< inn r neid
contained many stylish equipages. Bet
ting in the ring, however, was slack as
ever. But tfix bookmakers weighed in to
day, the failing off I ounted for
by the paucity of men imbued with gam
bling t<
Moringa, in the miie special, gained fresh
laurels by beating Marplot in l:3yV-_>. dan
. .ly near the coast record, held by
Vinctor. In tho 2:12 pace Floracita, con
ed a negative quai -icy, turned down
the hi m, the ring lay-
Ing 15 and 20 to 1 against her in the betting
vn the first heat. Barring the defeat of
Marplot, all of the other favorites for the
running events — Losette, Lady Ashley and
William O I in clever fashion.
Auctioneer Common could awaken 1.u'.0
■..-.. spe< ulators in the auc
tion pooling on the pace. The learned ones
m to be a moral, and
not mclii sen up. T
was a i 1i 1 to 5 chance I
Bunch's gelding, \ i Bet, drew
position lor the first heat, but earls' de
to step on
being very unsteady. When given the
word the favorite b< emed to have speed,
but the fast clip set to ihe half by You
Bet told on him at the end. Striking the
Btretch ten lengths behind the leaders,
Floraclta came home like a tornado, win
ning easily in 2:12& You Bet was second
anil the favorite third.
In the following two heats Garnsey
handled Florae! ta tfith ex I merit
and she won the neci heats like
a real good one, not having to
The Agricultural Park stake for run
at seven furlongs attracted a
tte, with Piggol i up, was
an odds on fav^ri:^ and won cleverly
from Artesla after ha\-ing made all the
running. The second choice, K<-y del Rio,
I most of the way.
The mile ?(•«■» -ial was d< prived of con
st by the - of La
ta. By the
carry
by tin '■ »,is
In the betting Marplot, with
. \v:th C to
■. In, on the
;
his mount over the lii i hs be
ntry. Rid
veraed the story might have been
diffen
v Ashley, the 11 1 tor the
. six furlong s lling run,
cc , Ob -
sidian , was the post , gel
•
it the running,
. : -
lot of lost ground, fin
ishing a good third.
In the fi n and a half furlong
sprint the favorite, William 08, backed
from 3 to 2 lown 1
Com Smith. Summary:
Pacing, 2:12 class, heats, three In live, purse
Kioracita, b. m. by R<*d Cloak by May
Boy iGarn=ey) •• 1 1 1
Little Thorn, b. g. by Hawthorne _
(Thou I •> s 2
Beechwood, br. in. by Sllkwood I Baker).. 4 2 3
You Bet, b. g. ty McK'.nney (.BanchJ 2 4 4
Time, 2:12 V&, 2:14^. 2:11-.
The following are th» races for to-morrow: j
First . ; .i!iet D, liastlna,
Kutway, ] i i] aker.
•cial match, two In three — !
Slontert'y, Toggles.
Third race, runnlnp, five and a half fur- j
Vnlatle Bird.. .139 121 Igo 134
113 Elsie Smith . -iyle 134
121 Qlbbertlflibbel
Fourtli race, four and a half furlongs —
124 Losette Jmyle 114
• lacias 114
r 114
Fifth race, handicap, seven furlnnrs —
111 Grady 118 ■• San Wnado
Pixth t:i ■•> Halt ;i n I
117 Paaline 117 Inola V-1
117 Mica Man:- ...102 ... Talvez
122 L " ■ ■ ■' 107
Colored Whirlwind Knocked Out.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Oct. 11.— Kid Gou
hooked his right to Joe Hopkir.s'
jaw last night in the mKldle of the ninth
round of what was to have been a. twen
■ round bout and put the co
whirlwind t" sleep. The knockout, the
first ev^r administered to Hopkins in bis
■ of eight years in the rin«, was de
livered before a wildly enthusiastic au
dlence ef 1000 people at the Athletic Club.
Hopkins did most of the aggressive work,
but Qoulette countered beautifully, his
defense was good and he seldom failed
■to land when he led. In the third round
Hopkins drew blood from Goulette'a nose
and later swelled up his left eye. To off
■ ila Goulette gave Flo) kins a fear
ful thumping on the body.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DANGER IN SODA.
Serious Results Sometimes Follow
Its Excessive Use.
Common BOda is all right in its place
and Indispensable In the kitchen and
for cooking and washing purposes, but
it was never Intended tor a medicine,
and people who use it aa such will some
day regret it.
"We ref« r to the common use << f si*da
to relieve heartburn or sour stomai
habit which thousands of people prac-
tice almost daily, and one which is
fraught with danger; moreover, the
soda only gives temporary relief and in
the end the stumach trouble gets worse
and worse.
The soda acts as a mechanical irri-
tant to the walls of the Btomach and
bowels and cat - are on record where
it accumulated in the Intestines, caus-
ing death by Inflammation or peri-
tonitis.
Dr. Harlandson recommends as the
safest and surest cure for sour .stomach
(acid dyspepsia) an excellent prepara-
tion sold by druggists under the name
of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets. These
tablets are large 20-gram lozenges, very-
pleasant to taste iind contain the natu-
ral acids, peptones and digestive ele-
ments essential to good digestion, and
■when taken after meals they digest the
food perfectly and promptly before it
has time to ferment, sour and poison
the blood and nervous system.
Dr. Wuertfc states that he invariably
uses Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets in all
cases of stoma< h derangements and
finds them a certain cure not only for
sour stomach but by promptly digest-
Ing the food they create a healthy ap-
potite, increase flesh and strengthen the
action of the heart and liver. They are
rot a cathartic, but intended only for
stomach diseases and weakness and
■will be found reliable in any stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
All druggists sell Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets at 50c per package.
A little book describing all forms of
stomach vpakness and their cure
mailed free by addressing the Stuart
Co. of Marshall, Mich.
MAHER'S DAY AT
MORRIS PARK
Rides Three Winners, a
Second and Third.
FOUR CALIFORNIANS FIRST
TWO LONG SHOTS FINISH IN
FRONT AT HAWTHORNE.
Sangamon, Rush, Madrilene, Donald
Bain and Braw Lad Garner the
Glory and Coin at th©
, Latonia Course.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— This was Ma
ter's day at Morris Park, the light
weight pilot pirtting no less than three
winners over the plate, besides coming
second on Brass and third on Cormor
ant. Californians won the third, fourth,
fifth and sixth events. Toluca cap
tured the Silver Brook stake, Briar
Sweet the Dixiana, Sir "Walter the mile
and a furlong handicap and Scotch
Plaid the mile selling. The last three
named were bred at Rancho del Paso
and two were by Imp. Midlothian. In
the last race Blueaway, the favorite,
finished second, but was disqualified
and Estaca, a Southern California
product, placed second. Julius Caesar
took the first race and Autumn the
second, a seven furlong handicap. The
track was fast.
First race, maidens, three-year-olds and up
ward, six and a halt furlongs:
Julius Caeser, 110 (Littletleld) 1
•Brass, 110 (Maher) 2
Fairy Dale, 107 (James) 3
Time. 1:24.
Trianon* 112, May Bevina 112. To and Fro 110.
Stain 107, Genaro 107, Delicate 107, Florallne
107 and Sir 7 :..s ir 107 also ran.
i Sausallt > odds— 4 to l, 2's to 1 and Sto L
Track odds— to 1, 13 to 0 and 3 to 1.
•Favorite.
Second race, handicap, two-year-olds, seven
furlongs'- ■ " '.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. -\i. H. %. Str. Fin.
•Autumn, 120 Maher 2 3 2 2 1
MI. of Dare, 111... Burns 0 C 0 0 2
Acushla. 108 Clawson 1 1 14 Hi 3
K. Barleycorn, 119. Turner 0 0 3 3 0
La Penitence, lG7.Ltttletld 3 2 0 0 0
Time, 1:28%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving-.
Tendresse 101, Dr. Parker 100, Domineer 100,
Kxceptlon PS, Tyrba 97, Dr. Fitzsimmons 97,
PassaiC 96 and Scannell 116 also ran.
Sausalito odds— -'•.■ to 1, 4 to 1 and S to 1.
Track odds— ll to 5, sto 1 and Bto 1.
•Favorite.
Third race, the Silver Brook sta-ke, two-year
olds, livo fur:
Name and Weight. Jockeys.! &. ?4. Str. Fin.
Toluoa. 101 Clawson 0 14 i»u 1 1
r, 104 Turner 112 2 2
Cormorant, 105 Maher 3 0 0 3
Turvey Drop, 98 Moi !' '1 8 3 0
Diminutive, 97 Hums 0 0 ! .' 0
Time, I:O6Vi. Won handily. Second and third
driving.
ilito in'.'ls— 2 to 1. 3 to 2 and 4 to L
 ■■■ids— ll to 5, 6to 6 and 6to 1.
•Favorite.
Fourth race, Dixlana stakes, thre°-year-olds,
Withers mile:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. %. Vn- %■ Str. Fin.
j -,.. ■ i ■- . ..
•Briar Sweet. H9...Maher 1 11112 11
118 Burns 3 22 I*.1 *. 2 3 2
Handsi I, UM Slma 0 0 0 0 3
• iv, 115 Clawa m 2 3 3 110
19 Spencer 0 0 0 0 0
i third :
.'.r!'.
!. Is— Even, 8 to 1 and 20 to L
Track odds— Even, lo to 1 and 30 to L
•Favorite.
i F::'th race, handicai>, mile and :i furlonff:
and Wt. Joel . I. Str. Fin.
Sir Walter, Ul Clayton 0 11111111:
Warn I 3pencer 2 0 0 0 2
Hay, t26....Taral 112 3 3 3 jo
■ o 3 2 2 10
, »white - - .Maher| 3 0 0 0 0
Time, i ■"■'■*■ Won handily. Second and third
. driving.
na 9S and Can«lelarla 10S also ran.
Bausalito odds— l to 1. 3 to 1 and 4 to 1,
■ Track odds — * to 1, 13 to 5 and sto I
; 'Favorite.
Sixth rare, selling. Withers mi!»:
■■ and Wt. Jockeys, j V». H- %• Str. Fin.
' Scotch Plaid. 100...Maher) 2 0 0 :u lh
'■ M ody 0 0 0 6 f2
 11l I>..KK"tt 0 0 0 3 3 '
rlne, 112 Burns 3 2 2 0 4 j
c Quick, lOß.Clawson 1" 2 11 11 lh 0
Glonolne, wr» Taral " 8 3 0 0
[Uallfled. E.staca placed second. Mazarine
third.
| Time, 1:41 Mj- Won driving. Second and third
' tlrlv ; p.K.
Myth 105, Uncle Louis 98, Banquo II 1"5, Ox- ;
L nar.l I r 102 and llanl<-.n 102 also ran. ;
, S lusallto odds— £ to 1, 3 t.> 2 and S to 1.
k odds — J to 1, 2 to 1 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
— ■♦
J. HILL'S DAY AT LATONIA.
Rides Three of the Winners and Was
Once Second.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 11.— favorites, Ban*a
rru.n. Rush and MadriWe. were in front at the
finish In the first three Latonia races to-day,
and all were ridden by J. Hill. The latter was
up on Batten, favorite in the fourth event, but
second was the best he could do, Donald Bain
winning In clever style with top weiKht up.
Conley landed first with Braw Lad In the last
nice at odds of 4 to 1. The track was muddy
and about six seconds slow to the mile.
First race, selling, six furlongs:
•Sangamon, 104 (J. Hill). 1
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
LOS ANGELES, Tuesday, October 11, 1898. — Seventh day of the
Sixth District Agricultural Society meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
J W. BROOKS, Presiding Judije.
.1 I' CAXJ3WELL, Starter.
£\A FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; all apres; maidens; Agricultural Park stake.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Ptr.
Pin.
103 I»?ette, 8 114 3
121 Artesla, 3 HI 1
117 Rey do! Klo. 2 94 1 4
i .i.i Ettlwanda, t 114 j a
2 %
i y»
'4
3 1
1 iy%
2 2
4
3 h
1 2%
2 6
8 3
4
1 2
2 10
3 4
4
1 2
2 12
3 6
Plggrott
Bullman
Devln
(liurKanlt
1-2
I
2
15
Time 1 2!) V- Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
PonY b. V. l>y Imp. MHh,t'ilan-<".^ette.
Winner, Gardiner
Of" SECOND RACE— mile; special; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
:£O» "" ' _,
Horse.
%m.
«m.
%m.
Str.
(116) Moringa
(I_J) M;irr!"t__.
llOMorlnga 90 1 IK - 11 1" 11
fiTS^Maxnlot 90 2 « ? ? a
Time. :». 4TU, 1:14 1:39%. Good start. Won driving.
brante-I^oma.
1
2
1 %
2
1 1
2
j b
2
1 1
2
1 3 Derm ] 4-6 1
2 Houck ...1.... 1 4-6 8-5
Winner, Boyle's b. g. by So-
1 I
I
Devln
M..u<-k
to>r» THIRD RACE— Six furlamgH; selling; all apes; purse, $200.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Btr.
Fin.
123 Lady Ashley, 3 V
loi> Queen Nubia, 4 li
(122) Obsidian, 2 !
109 Kaiser I.udwlg, 4...1
li.; H'.wurd, a..... ______
2
1
1
I 5
3
4
1 1
8 2
5
2 h
43
1 1
2 1
C
3 2
4 1
1 h
2 2
3 1
4 2
v
1 2
2 1
3 1
4 3
5
Hullman
Kuiz
I >«-\ in
11-10
6
1
10
15
1
10
4
12
Shields
Powell
Time 1:15. Fair start. Won ridden out. Second and third driving.
Oweoa 1 b. f by I'utton-Sallne.
Winner, Crane &
*C\*7 FOURTH RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; nurse
IZ 4 • $200.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Ptr.
Jockeys. Op. <;i.
Frawley 3-2 9-10
Btillman 3 2
Powell 4 8
I>.-vin 3 3
(120) William 08, a 114 1
109 Tom Smith, 4 1U 3
... Masoero, 6 104 4
(121) Rey de Los A., 3... 99 2
2 IV4
3 4
4
1 1
2 IV4
3 3
4
1 '4
1 1
3 3
4
1 2
2 hi
3 1
1 3
2 1
8 10
4
Time, 1:35. Good start. Won easily. Second and thtrd driving. Winner, Firrar &
Tubervllle'i b. h. by ApacUe-Flora.
THE SAX FBAKCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12,I89&.
Oman Doyle. B8 (Southard) \
Miss Verne, 1"1 (Frost) 3
Time, ,_ ..
Miss Rosa 98, lUaa C 103. Marltl 10«. Rushflelds
1 'l and .-°M!ic<\ ar 107 also ran.
Saußiilito odds— 3 to 2, In to 1 mid 5 to 1.
Track <-MM S — 7 to 6, S to 1 and 4 to L
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. | hi- \- Str - Fin
•Rush." 120 ......J. HUI 3 111111
106 ..J.Crowhurst 0 0 0 210
Sis ViV, 109 Morrison 2 2 2 3
Lena Van. 103 T. Powers 1 0 0 o
Nancy Beitz, U>9 M. l'unn 0 3 3 0
Tim-. 1:M. Won handily. Second and third
driving. . r
Ethel Collins jno, Kubel 103, Souchon 115,
Fantasy 106 and I'rimavera 106 also ran.
Sausalito odds— 6 to 5, r- • to 1 and 5 to L
Track odds— 6 to 6, 3 to 1 and S to L
•Favorite.
Third race, selling, one mile:
B and Wt. Jn.-ki-ya-l hi. hi- %• Str. Fin.
•MadrUene. 107..... J. Hill 11 li Hi 12 14
ke, I (4. . T. Powers 3 2 2 2 21
- 3 3 3 i
Time, 1:47%. Won easily. Second easily.
Bon Jour 86, Hutch Comedian 101 and The
Planet 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— C, to 5. 3 to 2 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— l to 5, 4 to 5 and 4 to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race, purse, two-year-olds, five and a
half furlongs: _^____ .
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) hi- ?i- Str. Fin.
Donald Bain, 114 Kuhn 0 0 IV4 Jtt
•Batten, 103 J. Hill 3 14 2 2
Wilson 2 213 3
Air Blast 109 Van Dusen 0 3 0 0
elm, 106... 1 10° °__
I:l2ft. "Won driving. Second »»ti third;
driving.
Billy House 103 and De Blaise 106 also ran.
-.t!:r Ida -'■■■ to 1. 3 to E and 20 to 1.
k odds— a to 1, 1 to 2 and 15 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, selling, «-lx furlongs:
Name and Weight Jockeys. l hi. X- gtr.Fln.
Braw Lad, 113 Conley 2 2 11
Damocles, 111 T. Powers 0 0 8 3
•ilelter 107 Morrison 0 0 0 3
ns, 111..M. Dunn 114l l 4 l l i 2 0
Bauterni \k- r 3 3 0 0
•. . v cleverly. Second and third
Purity 101, John rtoone 108 and Mound City
ran.
Sau -» to 1, 2V4 to 1 and 8 to 5.
Track odds— 4 to 1, 5 to 2 and 8 to B.
•Favorite.
HINDOO'S DREAM AND BASQTTIL.
The Ones That Upset Calculations at
Hawthorne Track.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Verify was the only suc
cessful favorite at Hawthorne to-day. Hindoo's
Dream (12 to 1) -">' ; Basqull (30 to 1) were the
surprises. King Bermuda, a great mud horse,
captured the second at odds of 5 to 1, and
Graziella took the last at 4 to 1. Beauchamp of
California rode two of the five winners and was
pecond on Nan Davis. Hothersall also rode two
of the victorious ones. The track was very
heavy, as the time shows.
First race, five furlongs:
Name and Weight. Jockeys. I %. %• Str. Fin.
Hindoo's Dream, 103 Dupeel 1111
Teutons, 110 W. !>• an 0 8 8 2 1
Princess Murphy, 103 Gray 2 2 2 3
•Sidtilla, 103 Keauehamp .000
Time, 1:03. "Won cleverly. Second and third
driving 1 .
Leandra 103. Judge Wofforn 103, Nettle Fonso
103, Etta P 103, Our Clara 105, Boaniman 110,
Meropa 10G, < alohas 110, King: Rica 110 and Rosa
Beau 105 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1, 8 to 1 and 8 to L
Track oiids— l2 to 1, 15 to 1 and 12 to i.
•Favorite.
Second rare. Belling, seven furlongs;
Name and Wt. Jockeys.] i- H. %■ Str. Fin.
K. Hermtida, KM.neauoh'p 2 0 0 0 1
]>a!sv ■■• 104 Ellis 0 0 0 0 2
•Wilson 107 ."...McDonald 0 0 0 0 3
Marzella; 104 Dupee 1 11112 0
Afamada, 104 Everett 3 2 2 110
Hardly 1W Gray 0 3 3 0 0
Heigh' Ho, 104 J. Rein 0 0 0 8 0
Penaoroao, 104 Conner! 0 0 0 0 0
~~Time, 1:32. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds — to 1, 3 to 1 and 24 to 1.
Track odd3— s to 1, 7 to 2 and 3 to L
•Favorite.
Third race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | V*.- %■ **■ Str. Fin.
Basquil 100. Hoi .110 3 0 0 11
Plantain. 100 Seaton 0 0 8 » 2
Imp. Mistral 11. 108
I J. McDonald 2 0 0 0 8
I Buckvidere, loß..Beauch 1 111111110
Found. lU2 nu pee 3 2 2 2 0
Time, 1:55. Won handily. Second and third
driving:.
•Paul Grists 100. George Lee 50 and Mil
■ waukee 100 also ran.
Sausallto odds— l 2to 1. 12 to 1 and 4to »
Track V— 30 to 1, 30 to 1 and 5 to L
| •Favorite.
Fourth race, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt. Jockeys. =,«,. tt. i. Str. Fin.
•Verify, 109....Beauchamp 110 111-.
Ostra "91 Holden 2 1 11 2 2 2
Lord Zeni, 117 Knapp 0 8 3 3 3
Facade. 91 Dupee 3 2 0 0 0
Tim», 1:81%. Won driving. Second and third
driving:.
Doremus 94, Neom© 109, Depending 112 and
Hothersall 112 also ran.
Sausallto o<lds — Even, 3 to 1 and 4 to V
Track odds— Even, 4 to 1 and 5 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, seven furlongs:
Name and Wt, Jockeys, j :t.: t . ,4- %'• Str. Kin.
Grazlella, ■ 4...Hothersall 2 2 2 12 12
i Xan Davis, 104..Beaueh'p 3 3 3 2 2
•Her Favor, 101.... Everett 1118 3
Time, 1:32',&. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Lady Fitzslmmons 104, Empress Josephine 104,
Official 107. Prestar 107. Moch 107, Black Fonso
104 and Papa Harry 107 also ran.
Sausal odds— 3 to 1, i to 1 and 2 to 1.
Track odds— 7 to 2, 20 to 1 and 6 to 2.
•Favorite.
TWO FIRSTS AND TWO
SECONDS FOR SLOAN
LONDON, Oct. 11.— At the first day's
raping <>f the Newmarket second October
meeting the two-year-old course Nursery
pi; te handicap of 200 sovereigns waa won
by I'io Torterolo's l.a Ruguara. The T^or
lllard-Bereaford stable's Manatee, ridden
hy Tod Sloan, finished second, and Lon
don, belonging to Mr. Barrow, was third.
Kitfht horses ran. The betting against
tee was 7 to 4.
The Newmarket Oaks, of not less than
506 bovi reigns, was won by Sir J. Miller's
Santhia, Sloan up. Four horses ran.
Betting 4 to 1 against Sunihia.
The Clearwell stakes of 30 sovereigns
was won easily by the Lorlllard-Beres
ford stable's "Caiman, ridden by Tod
Sloan. Five horses ran. Betting 9 to 2
againsi i.'niman.
A soiling piate for all ages was won by
Mr. Dobe-11's Whiston. Nakaheila. ridden
by Sloan, finished second, and Primrose
liill wasi third. Ten horses ran. Betting
85 to 20 against Nakaheila.
Lexington Baces Postponed.
LEXINGTON, Oct. 11.— The trotting
races were postponed to-day on account
of rain until the first good day and track.
BOSTON'S MORTGAGE
ON THF PENNANT
STANDING OF THE CLUES.
Clubs— W. I, Pet. . Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Boston 101 43 .701 New York. 75 71 .614
Baltimore . 94 50 .653 Plttsburg .. 71 74 .490
Cincinnati . 91 69 .607 Louisville . 67. 78 .402
Chicago .... hi 65 Mi Brooklyn .. 65 88 .385
Cleveland .. 73 65 .549 Washington 50 99 .336
Philadelphia 75 70 .617 St. Louis ... 39 118 .248
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— The Boston team
to-duy made their possession of the pennant a
certainty by defeating the Senators easily.
Score:
club— R. 11. EL
Washington 5 7 11
Boston 14 19 2
Batteries— Baker and Parrell; Lewis and
Yeuger. Umpires — Connelly and Heydler.
BALTIMORE. Oct. 11.— Baltimore and New
York broke even to-day. In the first contest
the locals got four of their six hits in the sec
ond and tilth Innings and scored enough runs
to win. Both teams played a sharp and error
less game. Four singles, a two-bagger, a hit
batsman and an error gave the visitors five
runs in the fifth inning in the second game.
McGann'a and Heeler's ankles were trouble
some and they did not play in the second game.
Attendance, 1620. Score, first game:
Club— R. H. E.
Baltimore 8 6 1
New York 1 11 0
Batteries— Maul and Robinson; Meckln and
Warner. — Gaffney and Brown.
Second game:
Club— R. H. E.
Baltimore 2 4 2
New York 6 10 2
Batteries— Kltson and Robinson; Doheny, Sey
mour and Lattimer and Warner. Umpires —
Brown and Gaffney. Game called at the end
of the sixth inning on account of darkness.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— South-paw curves
were too much for the Phillies to-day and
but fur I>elehanty"s triple In the sixth they
would have been shut out. The game was
called In the seventh on account of darkness.
Attendance, G.'o. fcJcore:
Club— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 14 16 2
Philadelphia 2. 5 4
Batteries- Gaston and Grim; Flfield arid Mc-
Farland. Umpires— Hunt and Andrt-ws.
LnriSVTXLE. Oct. 11.— The Louisvllle-Cln
cinnatl same whs postponed on account of wet
PITTSBURG, Oct. 11. — No game on account
of ruin.
Transfer of Two Pitchers.
ST. LOT'IS, Oct. 11.— Receiver Mucken
fUSß of the St. Louis Browns has sold
Pitcher "Jack" Taylor to the Cincinnati
club for i'>'^' and Pitcher Hill. It Is said
the sale was made because the Browns
needed ready money and this cash offer
was made Just at an opportune time. It
is further stated that John T. Brush is
after Lafe Cross, the Browns' star third
baseman.
HUNDRED DAWSONITES
ARRIVE AT SEATTLF
William Leg-eritt the Only One Among
Them Who Is a Klondike
King.
BEATTL.B, Oct. 11.— The steamship City
of Seattle arrived to-day from I.ynn Ca
nal, Alaska, with 200 passengers, 100 of
whom are from Dawson City, some hav
ing left as late as September 25. The only
■;-/.i king aboard was William Leg
gitt, who has spent four years on the
Yukon. Before leaving Dawson City he
bi Id claim No. 13 on El Dorado for a
figure. Alexander McDonald who
Is the heaviest claim owner on the Klon
dike, stopped at Hkaguay and will arrive
on the nt xt steamer.
Lasi Wednesday afternoon th« \\ hito
Pass and Yukon Hallway, the lirst rail
road built In Alaska, broke ground on
British soil. The ceremony was attended
with but Httlo formality. A number of
Canadian officials were present and took
an active part. On the British side the
railway takes the name of the "British
Columbia Yukon Railway." The work of
construction will be prosecuted all wln
t( r and 2000 men will be kept at work. It
is expected to have trains running to Log
Cabin, a distance of thirty miles from
Skaguay, by the middle of February.
ANNUAL HIGH COURT
OF THE FORESTERS
Nearly Every Subordinate Lodge
Represented at the Santa
Barbara Session.
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 11.— The ninth
annual nigh court, Independent Order of
ned at Armory Hall this
afternoon with about 400 delegates in at
tendance, representing nearly every court.
High Chief G. A. McElfresh presided at
the opening session, which was abort,
only the organization being effected. The
real work of the court begins to-morrow.
To-night the Foresters paraded from the
headquarters at the Arlington Hotel to
Grace M. K. Church, where the visitors
were formal Is- welcomed by Mayor Burke,
the response being made by C. S. Perry,
high vfce chief. High Chief McElfresh
delivered an address on "The Objects and
j Benefits of the Order."
SAN JOSE PRESBYTERY.
Busy Sessions of the Churchmen at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 11.— The sessions of
the San Jose Presbytery- to-day were busy
ones. The morning session opened with a
devotional service.
Reports were heard from the perman
ent committees. This evening a home mis
sionary i-aiiy was held, with address** by
Rev. J. Compton <<f Santa < lara, n*v. J-
Phllo Phelpa of Salinas and Rev. Robert
Robinson of Weights.
The churches represented In the Prea
bytery are Menlo Park, Monterey First
Church, Monterey Second Church, Morro.
Palo Alto, Pleasant Valley, Salinas, ban
Jose First Church, San Jose Second
Church, San Luis Oblspo, San Martin,
Santa Clara. Santa Cruz, Shandon, rera
pleton, Watsonville, Wrights.
Among the delegates present are: San
Jose First Church, Rev. John W. Dins
more D.D., U..D.; Monterej Second
Church, Rev. Horace Snodgras, David
Jacks; Monterey First Church, Rev. Sam
uel Coon, Elder Clark; San Martin, Rev.
William M. Hersman: Hollister, Rev. J.
R. Newton Boll; Salinas, Rev. J. Philo
Phelpa, W. T. Hearst; Boulder Creek,
Rev. G. R. Bird, Malcolm Ferguson;
Santa Cruz, Rev. Alex Eakin, J. P. Twist;
Santa Clara. Rev. Joseph R. Compton;
Los Gatos, Rev. Arthur Barnhisel, M. B.
Atkinson; Highland, Thomas Rvall; Palo
Alto, P. R. Realay, Rev. David Taylor;
Watsonville, Rev. E. L. Rich. J. M. Lu
ark; Wrights, Rev. Robert Robinson.
MINING CLAIMS "JUMPED."
Wright Creek Land Seized by a Party
From Vancouver.
SKAGUAY, Oct. 6 (via Seattle, Oct. 11).
A good deal of alarm has been felt here
is a result of the news that ex-Mayor
Grant of Vancouver and a number of
other Canadians have "Jumped" claims on
Wr^ht Creek, the richest creek yet dis
covered in the Atlln Lake district. It ap
pears that as soon as Mr. Grant appeared
mi the scene the Recorder discovered that
the original locators had not complied
with the law relative to the amount of
work for the season and so the new ar
rivals rushed up to Surprise Lake and
"jumped" Wright Creek. It is said the
Commissioner of the district has said the
original locators are entitled to the claims
ana that when the matter comes up for
adjustment in the spring he will oust
Grant and his party.
Allegations of Frand.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— The Peninsular
Lighting Company haa 6ued Alexander
Peers and J. P. Ponce to enjoin ihem
transferring SOOO shares of stock whicn It
is alleged they obtained through an il
legal meeting of the directors I'or $2000.
It is held that the stock Is worth $33,280,
for which Judgment Is asked, as well as
for $5000 damages. The company's chief
place oi business Is San Mateo County.
RANCHER KILLED
NEAR SAN JOSE
Frank Brown Murdered
by a Neighbor.
THE CAUSE IS A MYSTERY
SLAYER REFUSES TO TALK OF
HIS CRIME.
Augustine Brutinier Will Give No
Reason for the Wanton Taking
of a Human
life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 11.— Frank Brown
was murdered by his neighbor Augus
tine Brutinier at about 6:30 o'clock this
morning. The men lived on adjoining
ranches on the Tully road, about four
milts southeast of the city. At the
hour named a message was telephoned
to the Sheriff's office that a man had
been murdered, and when officers hur
ried to the scene they found Brown
lying about thirty feet away from his
barn with his lower ribs and the cov
ering of his abdomen torn away. He
was still perfectly conscious.
In answer to the officers' questions he
said he knew who shot him, but could
not recall his name. From neighbors
the officers learned that Brutinier had
been seen on the premises with a gun.
The report was heard and Brown
was seen to fall. At the same time
Brutinier fled across the fields in an
easterly direction. I'ursuit was given
and the man overtaken about a mile
and a half east. He was in a field and
seemingly making for the hills. He had
a double-barrel, muzale-loading gun,
but surrendered when ordered to do so.
One charge of the gun had been
fired. He was taken before Brown,
and the dying man was asked:
"Is this the man who shot you?
"Yes, yes; that's him. Yes, that's
him," said Brown.
Brutinier said nothing. He was
brought V) the city and jailed. He re
fused absolutely to make any state
ment, and so far the facts which led
to the shooting have not been ascer
tained, or even a plausible theory sug
gested. Brown was placed in a vehicle
and a start made for the County Hos
pital, but he died before he reached
there.
Brown and Brutlnler owned adjoin
ing ranches. The former had a wife
and several children, but none were at
home last nisht. In fact. It seems that
his family has resided in San Jose for
some time while he lived alone on the
ranch None of his family reached him
»■ he died. The prisoner, who is a
Frenchman, has no family as far as is
known. He says he is a bachelor, and
this is all he will say about himself. He
has lived some years In a shed cabin
on his ranch, as he had no other build
ing. Brown was well-known about San
Jose, as he was formerly for years in
the house-moving business h^re. He
was a man of some means. While not
looked upon as a dangerous or desper
ate man, it is said he was a little
"cranky."
Mrs. Brown sued her husband for
divorce i»n September 30. It is Incon
ceivable that this could hnve had any
thin tr to do with the tragedy. She al
: cruelty and failure to provide,
though claiming that her husband was
worth about $2'"'.' ■".
Tcs, HUDYAN is the true nerve-builder.
Many men and women are ready to testify
|to that. HUDYAN did it. HUDYAN does
j do. HUDYAN cures. Just as certain as
you are a foot high, so certain will HUDYAN
cure you.
HUDYAN iCure3 Nervous Weakness, Men-
tal Depression, Hysteria, Numbness, Tremb-
ling, Neuralgia, Rheumatism, Pains in the
: Shoulder, Pains Up and Down the Backbone.
HUDYAN cures Nervousness, Melancholia,
Nervous Debility, Exhausted Nerve Vitality.
HUDYAN oures Sleeplessness, Palpitation of
the Heart, Sick Headache, Indigestion, Loss
'of Appetite. HUDYAN cures. Call or
write for free circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market Sts.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAI*.
SCHOENFELD'S
SHIRT DEPOT.
Men's Boys 1 Clothing
MARKET ST., OPP. SEVENTH.
DUB BIG STORE OVERCROWDED WITH BARGAINS,
Choicest lines. Tine purs wool MEN'S UNDER-
WEAR at 75c each, worth twice chit.
Men's celebrated ETGEIA WOOL UNDERWEAR,
Bhirti (doubla frost and baok). Drawers 'dentil I
seated) at 61.00 each ; health presirvers. -
'IN OUR CLOTHING DEPARTMENT WB
OFFER WORLD BEATERS.
JUST SEE enr $5.05 KEN'S SUITS and $5.60
KEN'S OVERCOATS, now on display in our ibow
windows.
MOTHERS, oome to as for your BOYS' CLOTHING
If money-earing li an object to you.
SPECIAL— Pine lines of VESTSB SUITS at $1 8S
and $1.85 per unit
Tor your 810 BO7S, ago 13-19, wt Urs elegant
I JSaits as lew as $3,03 jer suit. '
: ■ AD VERTISEMENTS. ______^__—_^^~~
€£©€€ 999 2©S • 3^C MINMi*O9M|
I^T^ fctate)^« |
1 '^OJ Remember me ' f
I RPiWr plug i
i -a mm Remember the name I
• /Ml 0&M when you buy again I
® When anything suddenly recalls the happy ©
9 days of childhood ("when this you see, remem- W
W ber me") —we are kindly disposed toward it, 2
(gL but when this sentiment is associated with some- ||
§ thing that we know (Battle Ax) — and have §
known daily and hourly — for years perhaps — it ©
© strengthens the bond of confidence and satisfaction. ®
§| Ask anyone who has chewed Battle Ax —if §|
M he would change for any other brand. ]||
$ No matter what brand you have been chew- £
@ ing — Battle Ax is better ! @
S Remember the name §
I rv when you buy again, |
KAIL ROAD t TRAVEL.
■OTJTIIBKX l'A«)IFlf! lO3IPAST.
(rAotrto MVUTKM.)
Train* lent* nud sura ilue to nrrlvc nt
RAH ritAX«llH<<>.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
:.savk — Faun Oct. 9, 1898. — arrive
•C : OOa Nilfs. §■« Jose and Way Stations... •»> 13 i
7:»>()a BrtiJi, Kuiauu and Bacr»mento . . . . 10:10*
7:OUa Marjijvillf, Orufilleaud Ueddlog vis
Woodliud 8:40l-
7:0© a Klmira, Vacari'.le and Rntnser 8:43?
7 1'.iiti. MauUnez. Bau on,Vallejo, N'apa,
«'ai; ti j* Aud Bants Kosa Bil3j»
S:OOa Atlantic Express, () '(ieM and Kant.. Bi4!>p
KiUOA San Jose, SUickton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, M;ir>srille,
Chico, Tnh>mi aud Red 81uff.... 4tl3p
*»::IWa Stockton, Oaidkltjaad Jamestown. . 7: 1 Si"
•*:«(>« UUton »7il3r
■ 9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Merced
md Fresno l«:13p
U:OUa Frr»no. BakenOeld, Santa Bnr»»»ra.
Los Angsles, Benaing, El I'ar.o,
Ni-w Orlc.tim and Kaat €j43p
- Fresno, llendota, Tracy and Mar-
tloez «t-S3p
10:00 a Valltjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:-«0r
•|:J(Op Sucraineutii Hirer Steniiif r« -»:Oi>i
1.-O»i> Mies. San Jose and Way Stations ... 11i43a
San Jose, Nflus an.l Way Stations... }»:13a
!*:»0p Hilss. Tracy, JJeudota, llanf.»rd and
Vi»aU» 4:13r
Livrrmore, San Jose, If ilee and Way
Stations 110:19 a
(:UOp Martinez, Sim Itaiaou, Vsllejo.
Napa, Oaliutoga, I.l Verano aud
SmitaUosu Wit 3*
4:00p Benlcia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knislits Landing, Maryßvlll", O*O-
*Ui« and .S»craiiientn 10:43 a
4:HOpH9ywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a
3:00p Maniiu-z, Tracy, Meuduto, Fresno,
Jli.Javi', Bauta Barbara and Los
Augeldi 8:43 A
SiOOp Hants Vt, Route, Atlnutlo Kxpress
for MiiJaTe ami Baal 0:43p
3:3OpNilee, San Jour., Tracy, I-athrcp,
Merced and Fresno
3 :30p Stockton 1B:1SP
•t«»r ICurone»n Mail, O^Jeu and Kast.... !>i43a
•«t:«Hi- Vallejo 18:I8p
:7:00p Vallejo, Port CosU and Way Sta- V"
tions J9:43p
tMIOr Oregon Kspress,Bscratne«to, Marys- .•:'•»■>'
»lUp, rttMMlng. Tortlaiid, I'liget
. in, l and I'm!. «:1»A
SAN LKANIHIO AMI MaViVVKI>N LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 Blelrosr, Scniifiitry i'urk, (
«:ooa Kltchburx, Klmhurst, t .2 ! f< A
i!»:OOa San Lfiiinlri), Koiilli Ssa i«j-t A
lO.OOa Leandro, Entudillo, io^'.t
'iJoom lioreaio, perry ' ■ n . 4 r. P
a -oop Bn<l :«i4»p
7loOp n»yw«ril«. 13:43p
" uup i Runs through to mid, 7:43p
j t Krrm ?.'ilea. \
COAST l»IVSsH»" (Narrow «auge). ***
(Foot of Market Street. )
Si 1 5 A Newark. Centi-rviilr, Wan .1 uat>. ton,
BoulderCrrck, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations 3isop
"2: 1 3r Newark, Otsntorrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fulton, ltoulder Creek,
Santa Oruz and Principal Way
Stations •I0:30a
4:13p Newark. Saa Jose and Los Qatos... B:20a
1 I 1:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Joss and
Way actions t7»3»P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
"row SIS IitIICISCO — of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. {1:03 *2:00 t3-00
*{:00 tS:S3 *6:33-.v(. . ; .
'roni OAKUKD — Pout of Broadway. — "0:00 800 10-00 * v
tl2:00 *1:00 J3:00 *3:00 tl:00 *3:00lM«'
"" COAST 111 VISION (Broad Gauge)!
, (Third hud Townsend Sts.)
~?:OOTa Kan .lose and Way .Statimis (New
Aliuadcu Wednesdays only) l:3Op
9:«0a San Joss, Trei fines, Hunt* Crna,
Taclllc Grore/ l'aso Hobl.s, .San
liiils Oliis|>n, liuadalupe, Surf and
Prinpipal Way Statiiius 4:l«i
l«:4«,\ San .Ids,- ami Way .Stations.. *8:0Oa
1I:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations B:U3a
"■t;-tsf San Matco, Bedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, .San Jose,
Gilroy, llollister, Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacilio
(imrs •|(>:SO <
•:t:::«»p 9an .lose and Way Stations »»:«Oa
•4:l»l- San lose an. i Prinoirial Way Stations 9:4 •> A
•3:OOp Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations G::l3a
3:30r San Jose au<l Principal Way Stations BtSOP
(i::iOp San Job: and Way Stations 7:8 Op
|11:43p San Jose and Way Stations. 7:UOr
A for Moriviiig. P for Afternoon.
. • Mn.iiJaya excepted. t Sundays only, ♦ Saturdays only
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saus&Uto Ferry. -
FROM SAN flu... ISCO TO MIL.L, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS- 'IC3O, 11:00 a. m. ; «1:45.
8:45, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00, •10:00. '11:30 a. m.; •1:15,
I 8:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
; Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *6:35, 7:45, »3:30 a.m.;
•12:20, 2:20, '3:45. 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 p. m. ■
-SUNDAYS— B:2O, •8:00, 10:00. »11:55 a. • m. ;
♦11. . »3:10,' . *6:20 p. m.
! Trains market! • start from San Quentin.
1 FROM MILL VAX.&EY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS- 6:45, 7:53, 9:40 a. m. ;
12:.:. 2:45, 8:. r .O. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:CD p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
: 7:20 a. m.week days — Cazadero and way eta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
I 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta's.
MOUNT TAMALPAiS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausjilito Ferry.)
Leave , San Francisco, commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1S38:
week — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 p. m. •
; Sundays— 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, jl.
, THOS..QOO.K & SON, Agents, 821 Market
I street, San Francisco.
BAILE-OAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburen Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCTSCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. „
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 2:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:«.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:«.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Senuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave • '■:'. ''. '■ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
June 19,
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato 10:40 am, S:4oam
3:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
B:10pm s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:85 pm ( 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:26 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserviile,
2:3o pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am I Hopland and 10:25 am
B:3opm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm : 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevlllo. 7:35 pmj
8:30 pm I 8:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
s:lopm :00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22pm
7:3oam 8:00 ami Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
1:30 pm I 5:00 pm| 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servlUe for SkagßS Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Eartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's. River-
eide. Llerley's. Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullvllle. Boonerille, Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids;.
11. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
Run on the Following Time:
Leave San Francisco. s:oo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.Pg.
Arrive Denver 5:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W. j
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T. W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL RE COMFORTABLE
IS, You Travel on th© Santa Fe,
m FRANCISCO TICKETIFFICE— GZB. MARKET ST..
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
__San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
WE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
F VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
*Rom Uut. LO, la.'&. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. ■ North-bound. "
Passen-j Mixed. Mixed. Passer*.
2<?r. . faunday Sunday er
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
9:2oam 9:23 am Stockton 3:45 pm 7-OOnm
UUOam 12. : 50pm Merced 12:50pm S^SS
12:4upm t-.V, pm Fresno » :30 am 3 : 4-Dm
l:SSpm 6:45 pm Hanford 7-45 am 240 £2
4 :25 pm 11:59 pm Bakcrsfield 2 : 30 am 12 : l0 SS
l:sSpm 7:3opm Vlsa!la_J^jg^P m
Stopping at intermediate points as requ-red —
Connections— At Stockton with ,iMm! W. " *
California Navigation and liipw S^ 0 '
rany, 'leaving San Francisco at 6 n m i ,
excepting Sunday, aad Stockton 'af 705 $*%
For stage connections see officinl ti m »  v,
k r et ln s?r U eet . &t TralUC **"£*** ottJ^'l M^r!
Baja California "
DAMI AN A BITTERS
xor a th^ c e r x f u U ai a a PP n hh d rr ° dd u r ! n : r , and '»'™° a
Invigorator d and Nervlrt K^n e «f™tlve, A ■
Merits:AGUINALDO IS IN
BETTER STANDING
WITH AMERICANS
Some Credeoce Giver} H is Charges
That Clerics Are pomeQtiQg
Discord.
Large Number of Invalid Soldiers Returning on
the Transport Rio Janeiro F ror 0 the
Philippines.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA, Sept. 12. — The kaleidoscope
has turned and there is one more
change in the constantly changing sit
uation down here. In effect, the Amer
ican authorities are again affecting
confidence in the good intentions of Mr.
Aguinaldo and a deep distrust of the
Spanish clerical party most remarka
ble In view of all that has gone be
fore. I confess that I have not a gTeat
deal of faith in the Spanish clerics.
Nobody can have who studies the situ
ation of affairs on these islands. At
the same time, neither can anybody
Who knows Aguinaldo put the slightest
confidence in his promises of whatever
nature. He is an Asiatic and a Ta-
He is, consequently, a liar
two counts. His move to Malolos, it
seems to me, is of itself enough to put
every American official on guard. At
Bacoor he was between the two armies
at Manila and Cavite, and under the
guns of the American fleet. "Whatever
move he made, no matter how many
men he may have kept in the trenches
around Manila "to preserve," as he
said, "the integrity of his position in
the event of the Americans giving up
the islands," the Dictator himself was
at the mercy of Admiral Dewey and
General Otis at any moment. At the
first sign of an overt act he could have
been taken and the rebellion crushed
at once in his single person, for he Is
the rebellion. At Malolos, which he
has strongly fortified and where he pro
poses to hold a congress next month,
he has 100 miles of railroad along
■which to retreat behind him, and the
whole northern end of Luzon for a
refuge. In effect, if the Americans
want Aguinaldo now, they must go out
Into the wilds, into his own country, to
get him. The Dictator is a good strat
egist. The Americans, I regret to say,
have not been so good.
The talk of the plotting of the Span
ish priests to ruin Aguinaldo's case be.>
fore the Paris commission, to make it
appear that the Tagallos are not a
united party, has some foundation in
appearance, but this one weak point in
fact: The Tagallos are not united.
They never have been since Agulnaldo
failed to keep his promise of the loot
of Manila to his following. The so
called republic of the Filipinos is a con
geries of leaders, each with a following
more or less numerous, each seeking
the undoing ot the^cther asul aU -gtriv-
ing for the downfall of Aguinaldo,
whom they all hate and fear. The
story of the Spanish clerical plot is in
teresting, even if It is not true, and
has not been cabled. In fact, the press
censor will not allow it to be cabled.
It Is, in effect, that a certain Colonel
Juan Blanco, a Spaniard who has de
serted from one party first and then
from the other, as time served best,
who is just now the commander of a
band of insurgents in the Sampoloc dis
trict of the city anywhere from 1000 to
2000 strong, has been employed by the
Spanish priests to provoke a conflict
with the Americans to the end that
when the Paris commission meets the
island may be the scene of active war
fare and the Filipino republic a dream
of the past, whatever happens to the
Philippine Islands. I do not believe the
tale myself. I think the Spanish clerics
have had enough of politic*; for the
present. The authorities do believe It,
and are taking steps now to suppress j
Juan Blanco and to reach his alleged
principal. It is no less a personage,
they claim, than the Archbishop. That
prelate has been greatly maligned be
fore this, and I believe firmly that he
Is being wronged now. Whether he is
or not, there will be some startling de
velopments here in the near future.
The sailing of the hospital ship Rio
Janeiro has been postponed once more,
this time until Thursday, for the reason
that Dr. Daywalt, who will have the
vessel in charge, does not propose to
take a lot of sick men to sea without
proper preparation. The following is a
full list of those who will go:
Charles "Wallace, private. Company D, Tenth
Pennsylvania, gunshot wound.
. Harry L. Bishop, private. Company D, Tenth
Pennsylvania, gunshot wound.
Charles Carter, private. Company D, Tenth
Pennsylvania, gunshot wound.
Arthur Johnson, private. Company A, Tenth
Pennsylvania, gunshot wound.
C. James Edwards, private. Hospital Corps,
gunshot wound.
William C. Lombard, private. Company D,
First Colorado, diarrhoea.
Charles G. Hunker, lieutenant. Thirteenth
Minnesota, gunshot wound.
Charles A. Morgan, private. Company C,
Twenty-third Infantry, gunshot wound.
Hallady Van Horn, corporal, Astor Battery.
gunshot wound.
Robert L. Siiliman, sergeant, Astor Battery,
gunshot wound.
Harry Booker, private, Company C, Twenty
third Infantry, gunshot wound.
Robert R. Parker, private. Company C,
Twenty-third Infantry, gunshot wound.
Harry Kahson. private. Company C, Twenty
third Infantry, .
Clarence Rice, private. Company E. Thir
teenth Minnesota, gunshot wound.
Willis Richard, private. Company I, Four
teenth Infantry, varicocele.
Frank D. Kheppard, private. Company I,
Fourteenth Infantry. internal hernia.
Charles Hern, private. Company C, Eighteenth
Infantry, Internal hernia.
William Moss, private. Company F, First
Idaho, tuberculosis.
O. Van IJlaslon. private. Company H, First
Wyoming, dysentery.
H. P. Shuter, private, Astor Battery, dysen
tery and malaria.
Joseph E. Webb, private. Company E, Thir
teenth Minnesota, dysentery and malaria.
William Miller, private. Company C, First
Wyoming, typhoid fever.
Willinm Munnon. private. Company F, First
Wyoming, dysentery.
Joseph A. Gill, private., Hospital Corps, gen
eral debility.
John M. Jones, private, Company H, Second
Oregon, dysentery.
K. W. Onlway, private, Company 11, Second
Oregon, dysentery. N
Joseph Harrington, private. Company C,
Fourteenth Infantry, dysentery.
I- J. N'lcholas, private. Company F, Thir
teenth Minnesota, dysentery.
Dana N. Wood, private. Hospital Corps, mi
larial fever. ■
Frank Smith, private, Hospital Corps, general
debility.
James D. Gorman, private, Hospital Corps, j
diarrhoea.
James m. Wood, private, Astor Battery,
dysentery.
John L. !>>vls. private. Company E, Eigh
teenth Infantry, dysentery.
Steward Reid, sergeant. Company A, First
Montana, typhoid fever.
Frank Shlso, private. Company Is First Mon
tana, typhoid fever.
Ez"kle! Knoff. private, Company E, Eighteenth
Infantry, rheumatism.
George Lacy, private, Company B, Utah Ar
tillery, Intermittent fever
W. B. Onernin, private. Company I. Thir
teenth Minnesota. Injury to back
Edward L. Warner, 'private. Company H.
First Colorado, halmahlrla.
John F. Sheedy, private. Company O. Third !
Artillery. Intermittent fever.
b I. M. Harne, private, Company F, Eighteenth
Infantry, malarial fever.
M. J. Baker, private. Company H, First Colo
rado, dysentery.
Walter R. Hanna, corporal. Company I, First
California, dysentery.
John B. Hupp, private. Company E, Eigh
teenth Infantry, dysentery.
Tully C. Crowl rd, private. Company H,
Eighteenth Infantry, paralysis.
Thomas Cumerford, private, Company A,
First C ilorado, tuberculosis.
George H. Chapmen, private. Company H,
First Nebraska, bronchitis.
Walter Body, private. Hospital Corps, ma
larial fever.
Charles V. Mills, private. Company I, First
Colorado, d.vsfintery.
James J. Doyle, private, Company L, First
Colorado, dysentery.
Hiram W. Bigtfs, private. Company L, First
Colorado, dysentery.
Ti Yank I. < oiidlngton, private. Hospital
Corp6, pesufhigus.
Louis Paasmore, private. Company I, First
Nebraska, tuberculosis.
Thomas Fltzpatrlck, private. Company G,
First Idaho, tuberculosis.
Gurtave Asmussen. private. Company A, First
California, dysentery.
John J. Kahen. private. Company H, First
Nebraska, tuberculosis.
Bernard Dllton, private. Company F, First
Idaho, tuberculosis.
George Lenz. private. Company E, Thirteenth
Minnesota, dysentery.
Henry Wendt, private. Company H, First
Idaho, insanity.
Corbett l>ean, private. Company H, First
California, injury to foot.
James R. Kickett, private. Company F,
Twenty-third Infar.tr>'. rheumatism.
I)::; B. Milchener, private, Company L, Third
Artillery, synovltis of knee.
John K. CSor.er. sergeant. Company A, First
N't-hra?ka, pneumonia.
H>nry G. Rohr, private. Company C, Eigh
teenth Infantry, typhoid fever.
Harry L. Hart, corporal. Company E, Thir
teenth Minnesota, typhoid fever.
Robert l'erring, private. Company A, First
Montana, hemorrhage.
Robert F. Cox, private. Company X, Third
Artillery, typhoid fever.
David Small, corporal. Company F, Thir
teenth Minnesota, typhoid fever.
Frank W. Lueker, private, Company C,
Twenty-third Infantry, typhuid fpver.
Oordai r Br ks, private. Company X, Sec
ond Oregun. typhoid fever.
Lee M. Travis, private. Company C, Second
Oregon, typhoid fever.
Walter J. drk, private. Company L, Thlr
teer.th Minnesota, typhoid fever.
Allx M. Klnhhelm«r, private. Company G,
Second Oregon, pesufhigus.
William A. Crable. private. Company C,
Tenth Pennsylvania, pesufhigug.
Sllvey AVood. private, Company C, Second
Oregon, typhoid fever.
Jeremiah A. Thuma, private. Company G,
Twenty-third Infantry, typhoid fever.
Frederick Menefee, private. Company D.
Tenth Pennsylvania, kcretitls.
Ezekiel Poole, private. Company F, Eighteenth
Infantry, malaria! fever.
O. E. Johnson, private. Company F, Thir
teenth Minnesota, typhoid fever.
George Anderson, private. Company I, First
Nebraska, cystitis.
James Murphy, private. Company L, Third
Artillery, stricture.
Rdgtt CuUer. private. Company F, First Cali
fornia, dysentery.
Harry L>. Srhrey. private. Company F, First
California, arreonla.
Henry B. Stube. private. Company F, First
California, epilepsy.
Edgar i.i '. Rice, private, Company F, First
California, dysentery.
Chris Wagner, private. Utah Artillery, rheu
matism.
Henry Stockfelit, private. Company H. Third
Artillery, lnterr.nl hernia.
Charles Hern, private. Company C, Eighteenth
Infantry, internal hernia.
Rernhardt Uritter, Hospital Corps, catarrhal
bronchitis.
Henry 11. .Tehe. private. Company M. First
Montana, ln;?rnal heniia.
Charles K. Van Pret, private, Airtor Battery,
gunshot wound.
Sydney May, private, Astor Battery, gunshot
wound.
William 1,. Murkland, private. Thirteenth
Minnesota, tuberculor.
Godfrey J. Benth, private, Utah Battery,
appendicitis.
F. W. Mommig, private. First California,
dysentery.
A. D. Murray, private. Twenty-third Infan
try, dysentery.
F. L. Kelly, private, Flirt California, dysen
tery.
C. L. Meßayant. priTate, Eighteenth infantry,
dysentery.
W. I. Ralvend, private, Utah Battery, dysen-
tery.
J. W. Ferguson, private. First Idaho, dysen-
tery.
B. R. Brttton, private. Hospital Corps, .bron
chitis.
Q. W. Hallett, private, Engineer Corps, ma
laria.
Aaron Zadlk, private. Twenty-third Infantry,
dysentery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W®®®®©®®®®©®®®©®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
® s-\ c** ®
% m^\MW To Men Who Suffer From the Effects I
® -Jm^Mbd of Past Mistakes— Whose Vital- !
I .^^iP^^M ity Is Gradually Wasting— To ®
0 Wmmm^ Those Particularly Who Have %
I v^m&^^m Drugged in Vain— This Is a Fair |
% . Offer. %
® —~ ■ ®
© I have nothing: to give free — nobody gives value for nothing — but I ©
0 want to prove to every honest man that my Electric Belt, known and ®
n praised in every hamlet in the land, does cure and has cured in thou- ,g
* sands of cases this weakening drain upon young men. There have been IT
® published in my book, in the daily papers and by other means over 6000 ®
® voluntary statements from men who told of their cures of this wasting ©
£-. -weakness by my belt. OVER 5000. <•)
® I WILL PAY $1000 IN GOLD ®
(•) To the man or woman who will disprove one of these 5000 and odd testl- ®
monlals. I have the original letters or the signed statements of each ®
man on file, and will be glad to show ♦hem to any honest seeker for ®
® truth. @
I IT IS NATURE'S OWN REMEDY. ®
fSi ®
w This wonderrul Belt or. mine mis the nerves ana organs with elec- ®
® tricity every night while you sleep. When you awake in the morning A
© you are refreshed, wideawake and full of the Joy of living, for your w
ffi nerves are charged with the vim, the snap and "go" of life. Weakness ©
rr vanishes, the drains and nervous spells cease, and you soon recover all ®
® the vigor of a strong man. ~f
I ' READ THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." %
® It Is free, sealed, by mall. It is full of these grateful letters ®
q Send or call for It. Free test of the Belt at the office. Call or direct ' ©
I DR. A. T. SANDEN, .*'■ NOT ■■. STnB » "- £
® 702 Ktrket Street, Csrner K*»ray, San rraa»ls«a. MOT IN DRUG STORES. |
© Office hours, 8 a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 Vr. . Sanden's Electric Belt /c>
X to L Branches at Lob Angeles. Cal.. 204H Is never sold In drug stores w
® South Broadway; Portland. Or.. 253 Washing- nor by traveling agents; only ®
(?) ton street; Denver. Colo., $81 Sixteenth street; .'. at our of nee. /s\
Z. Dalit* Tex.. 286 Main street. • • ♦■ : ; 4 w
® ■ : ■ ■-. . ■ ■ v: - ■ / ■ ."-. - / ■ &
®® ®® © © ©©©©©©©©©©©©®©© ® © © © ® © ® ® ® ® © ® ® ©
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1898.
S. W. Platt, private, Third Artillery, dysen
tery.
Charles Paden, private. Tenth Pennsylvania,
remittent fever.
E. Q. Honham, private. Fourteenth Infantry,
tropical anoemla.
W. J. Jefferson, private, First Colorado,
typhoid.
George Small, private, First Colorado, dy«en-
tery.
Lang Carlstron, private. First Idaho, dlar
rhoeu.
Walter K. Neal. sergeant. Signal Corps, dys
pntery.
Charles A. Llndholm, corporal. Signal Corps,
dyof utery.
Albert E. Cole, private, Company D, Montana,
malurial toxlnla. •
Rnymond Tennant, private. Company F,
South Dakota, acute bronchitis.
The following men have been recom
mended for discharge by this office and
it is suggested that they be returned
on the transport:
Frank Taylor, private, Company G, Second
Oregon.
George W. Stormay, private, Company B,
Second Oregon.
Frank E. Roflno, private. Company G, Second
Oregon.
Rufus P. Vasser, private. Company H,
Twenty-third Infantry.
Albert A. Arthur, private. Company H, First
Wyoming.
William Frec-ks, private. Company L, First
Wyoming.
William Snyder, private. Company L, Thir
teenth Minnesota.
Sydney Bedberg, corporal, Company I, Thir
teenth Minnesota.
James Crelenhury, private. Company I, Thir
teenth Minnesota.
L. M. Darby, private. Company A, Thirteenth
Minnesota,
William A. Onermies, private. Company I,
Thirteenth Minnesota.
Conrad x. R a me, corporal, Company D, Thir
teenth Minnesota.
Wllbert H. Normond, private. Company G
First California.
Wade H. Spencer, private, Company G, First
California.
Robert W. Hartwell, private. Company K.
First California.
Cooper K. Downes, discharged par expiration
of service, Is sick in hospital in Cavlte.
The Californians have captured two
more offices. Lieutenant Hogan of
Company M has been made chief of
the Fire Department and Lieutenant
Jordan of Company E has been made
City Architect of Manila.
SOL N. SHERIDAN.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patents, Pensions and Civil Service
Examinations.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Patents Is
sued to-day:
California— Martin L. Cooper, Modesto, con
tlnuous hot air Hyringa and vaporizer; Frank
E. Cubblsun. Los Angles, popped corn disk
forming machine; Patrick F. Dundon, San
Francisco, mixing machine; Thomas J. Hen
derson. Elena, building knife; Robert W. Jes
sup, San Francisco, separator; Ellsworth D.
Ml'Mlekauff, San Francisco, lemon squeezer:
Henry Newton, L<>s Angeles, double return
ball; Lehman P. Schaffer, Redlands, adjust
able prop for fruit trees, and Thomas Walker,
Oakland, hot air furnace.
Orejron — Martin Matson. Sellwood. painters'
roof bracket; John H. Moon, Portland. frHffht
and passenger elevator, and William H. Sayer,
Adams, cultivator.
Lieutenant W. A. Gill. U. S. N., former
ly in charge of the branch hydrographic
office, but more recently attached to the
monitor Miantnnomah. hap received or
ders to proceed at once to San Francisco
and join the torpedo boat destroyer Far
rtiKut. recently built at San Francisco by
the Union Iron Works. He will be execu
tive officer.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission will hold an examination at San
Francisco on December 1 for the posi
tion of elevator conductor In the Custo
dian's office at $600 a year. Examinations
will also be held at Portland, Or., for
janitor at $700 per annum in the Custom
bouse, on December 1. Examination will
be held at Port Townsend, Wash., for the
position of watchman and fireman at $600
per annum in the Custodian's office.
The following have been recommended
for members of the Civil Service Exam
ining Board at Seattle, Wash., and if ap
pointed will organize as follows: Presi
dent. Frank C. Newton; secretary, Frank
A. Wing; third member, Thomas G. Hath
away.
Pensions for Californlans — Original : Jas
P. Mosht-r, Felix. $12; Marshal! L. Mixter,
Tulare. $0; John Finch. Los Berros $8.
The service of mail between Rockvllle,
Solano County, and Suisun City has been
discontinued.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue
rules that "persons who in the month of
July engaged in any business for which
special tax is required to be paid mu^t
pay tax for the entire year beginning
July 1, and thereafu-r If he takeß in a
partner the firm thus created must also
pay special tax reckoned from the first
day of the month in which it began busi
ness, to the first day of July following,
and take out a stamp in the firm name
without any rebate or allowance on ac
count of the tax paid by tho person in
question for the business carrir-d on by
him individually, prior to the creation of
the firm."
The Commissioner bases hie decision on
the ground that the stamp "Is merely a
receipt for a tax and not a llcnse," and
that tho tax must be paid for the entire
time from the first day of the month in
which the liability begins, until the first
of July following, even though the busi
ness continues for the briefest time.
The Original Little Louisiana Co. of San
Francisco— Drawing Oct. 8. 1898.
No. 36,873 wins $"r,OO, sold in San Francisco,
Cal: No. 81,858 wins (3000, sold in Pan Fran
olsco, Cal.; No. 14,856 wins Jinno, Bold In Vir
ginia City, Xf";. ; No. " 5 79 wins $Gno. sold in San
Francisco. Cal; Nos. 62.173 and 83.421 tarh win
$2."0, sold in San Franlcseo, Cal. • Nos. 7763
56.100, 37.915, fa,i)S9 and 93.556 each win $100,
soiil in San Jose and San Francisco, Cal.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Montgomery street,
San Francisco, <ai. •
Return of the Jeannie.
PORT ANGELES. Oct. 11.— The steam
schooner Jeannie, Captain Mason, arrived
here last night from Alaska with 140 can
nery employes. She left for Seattle this
afternoon.
LIST OF PHIZES.
Official drawing
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co.
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY,'
PATENT APPLIED FOR.
I Single Number Class "X," Drawn at
Puerto Cortes, Honduras. C. A., on Satur-
day, October 8, 1808.
The Honduras National Lottery has no dally
drawing, and Is not connected with any dally
drawing. j ; '
No. Prize. No. Prize. No. Prize.
8 16 68 16 93 16
254 16 275 40 291 24
304 16 447 120 483 16
776 16 787 16 829 16
1154 24 1291 40 1298 40
1566 24 1618 40 1639 16
1794 16 1818 24 1959 40
2152 16 2213 40 2223 16
2269 24 2325 24 2469 40
2497 24 1 2673 16 2878 16
2904 24 3013 16 3207 16
3246 40 3364 16 3391 80
3426........ 24 3456 24 3547 40
3552 40 3574 40 3C35 40
3745 40 3753 40 3946 120
4187 24 4228 80 4291 16
4301 24 4348 24 4444 16
4971 24 3456 24 3647 40
40 3574 401 3635 4"
40 1 3753 40| 3946 120
24| 4226 80 4291 16
24; 4348 24 4444 16
24 5073 24 5138 40
5275 16 5403 16 5607 24
5879 2000 6924 40 5936 24
5969 24 6187 24 6265 16
6481 16 6574 80 6686 16
0712 16 6782.. 24 7197 16
7365 40 7496 16 7515 40
7763 400 7849 40 7905 40
8143 16 8180 80 8250........ 80
5331 16 8336 24 8374 120
8354 24 8511 24 1 8703 SO
8754 16 S7SB 16 8840 16
9007 16 1 9227 80 8241 24
9265 16 9412 120 9432 16
9439 40 9467 16 9479 24
9556 16 9523 40 9889 24
9918 16 9950 24
10076 16 10339 80 10362 16
10383 16 10420 10491 34
10560 40 10783 24 10SOO 24
10958 40 10997 11001 40
11569 24 11570 40 11604 21
11707 40 11870 16 12070 80
12138 24 12199 40 12823 24
12353 40 12601 16 12653 16
12539 40 12840........ 16 12915 24
13010 16 130<M 24 13498 IS
13554 2413578 80 13579 40
13632 40 : 13634 34 13781 40
13790 80 13*15 24 13527 16
13947 i 16113968 16 14006 21
14221 80114445 40 14315 80
14607 80 14627 40:14673 80
14717 24 14730 80JM866 SO
14879 16,14886 4000,13249 40
15255 16 1.-277 16! 15331 16
15436 16 15438 80 15547 16
15631 16 15655 24 15784 16
1R907 16 15949 40 16063 40
16072 ' 24 16160 24 161S1 16
16351 16 16417 24 16437.. 40
16500 40 16707 40 16780 16
16836 24 16850 16 1G946 16
17244 4117388 16 17472 24
17486 40 17768 80 17735 16
17909 24 17938 16 17990 16
15044 16 18051 120 18157 24
ISI7I . 40 15203 80 18257 16
18470 40 15730 16 15930 24
19064 16[19091 50 ! 15176.. 16
14017888 16*17472 16
40117788 80 17735 16
14(17981 16 17996 16
1618061 180118167 24
40 15203 BO'IS2S7 16
40118780 16 'ISS3O 24
1819091 80 19176 16
40 1i<204 4619281 16
19233 16 19252 16119333 16
19362 80 19404 40 19410 16
19987 16
20052 24 20101....*... 16 20188 24
20246 •■ 40 20275 16 80391 16
20355 24:20564 8080686 80
20670 80120650 16 2<>6n3 40
20705 16 20881 16 203C8 16
21135 l<S2ll'>o 16 21328 40
21385 16 21516 24 21703 80
21-77 24,21922 16 21951 16
22055 18 22158 16 22541 16
22552 16122629 22720 40
22579 16 23062 24:23266 120
23373 40 23408 40,23454 24
23463 16 23560 40123625 24
23945 24 24071 16124154........ 18
24161 16!241C8 24:24183 24
24314 16.24539 24 245-11 40
24557 16 2-1625 80 24776 16
24936 1624948 24 25067 16
2KIC9 16 2".243 40 25467 24
25535 4035876 16 26016 16
26021 80 26046 ISO 26236 16
| 26327 16 26468 16 2G634 16
26669 SO 26C82 16 2669S 40
26777 16 25*71 16 26947 24
27240 1627419 24,27439 24
27476 40127188 24 27502 16
27540 40 27637 50127998 16
28159 SO 25195 16:28326 24
25356 21 28877 1638587 80
28591 28797 16 23524 16
25933 1629162 16 29252 24
29407 16129714 16129736 16
29763 18 29530 16 23559 16
30125 16 30211 16 ! 30243 24
30693 24 30096 16 30683 40
30709 40130710 " 16 30729 24
3103S 24 31110 ..24 31157 16
1 31168 If 31193 12031251 16
, 31255 16 31262 16131762 16
31788 , 16 31795... 24 31998 24
32162 40 32293... 2132310 16
32453 16 ! 32637... 16 32785 16
32514 16 32835 24 32912 16
33125 16 33112 16!33153 16
53204 24.33312 40 33318 24
33357 16 33360 40 33376 24
33443 40 33507 16 33715 16
88764 16 33780 16 83874 16 1
33943 2134104 16 34137 16 I
134200 16 34628 16 31733 SO
84757 16 31759 24 34898 40
31924 40 34334 16 ! 35023 24
300:.2 2*35100 24 J 35217 40 i
35221 16 35373 30000 35351 24 I
15491 16 35495 1635514 24
I 35565 34188572 16 35797 24
85873 16 36041 40 36057 80
I 36100 400 36237 16 36887 24
86329 24 36345 16 36419 16
[36548 16 36684 24. 30775 40
36875 16 36391 16 37190 80
87883 40 37431 ; 16 87506 16
37607 16 37673........ 24 37710 24
37833 40 37915 400 37924 40
3*077 40:38135 80 381*2 40
351»4 2138271 21 35351 40
38126 80J35536 84138554 16
35694 24:38845 84 38891 18
35944 40 38934 24 39038 120
39045 40 39074 16 39082 16
36057 24 39162 24 39163 16
33331 40,39411 40 39436 24
39406 24 3952') 21 33555 80
89648 16!35-810 24 39554 24
39924 40 40020 16 10095 16
40120 40J40193 16 40203 24
40485 24J4C614 24 40660 16
40*71 24 40886 120 40966 80
41136 120 41177 16 41323 24
41492 24 41513 16 41642 SO
41717 16:41887 16 42131 SO
42220 2142263 16 42464 40
42655 42776 24 42841 V
42560 16 13019 40 43048 16
43077 2443291 24:43293 .... 16
43314 24 43319 16 43428 24
43439 2143479 80 : 43535 16
43888 80 43945 40 44336 16
44414 24,44695 16,44723 40
44848 16 44876 16 45015 40
45038 24,45134 16 45176 24
45299 40 45360 80 45395 2i
45500 24 45527 24 45703 SO
45751 16 45853 24 15901 16
45943 16 45970 16 46101 24
46281 16:46327 16 16441 40
466 uS 24 46689 16 46726 16
4S7SI 24 46925 40 47037 40 i
47070 16 47349 40 17419 10
47501 24 47869 16 47883 24
48162 16 48167 16|45396 24
45533 16 48782 16 18841 24
49090 16 49287 40 49304 16
49354 16149356 24 49553 10
49626.. 16 49640 16 49646 40
49716 16 49776 40 49534 40
49*65 16 49575 40
60638 40 60110 80 60134 16
60190 24 50230 24 60272 16
50328 16:50418 24 50425 16
50454 18]r>04C4 16 50653 16
50562 16150690 24 50733 40
50741 80 50778 24 50832 40
50556 80 50867 50921.. 24
60968 8060879 1661008 24
61014 24 61106 16 51170 16
61171 24 51200 24 51216 16
51306 4O'SI3BS 16 41408 24
51445 40 51818... 24 51520 24
01994 84163063 16 52125 24
62413........ 24 52516 16 52551 80
62939 24 52961 16 63011 24
58888 16 53396 40 53673 16
63661 24.53ii«>6 16 53711........ 16
C 3901 24 54204 40 54226 80
54251 16 64281......... 16 34327... 16
54485.. 40 64652 16 54931 24
M 958 40 54970.. 24 54998. 21
65251 24 55277 40 55628 ...... 16
65(563 16 55700 16 55735 16
65793... 16 55820 13065851 16
65967 24 56090........ 16 56165. 16
66208 16 66229........ ■80 5C352 24
50407 2166409 16 56410 16
66456 16166601 24 56686 40
6P866 1C 56712 16 66713 24
V,717 ....... 16G6810... 16 56515. ........ 24
66932 16 57075... 24 67117 40
G7M6 16157316 16 57514 24
6751$ 16 57786. 40 57856 16
---.■> '80 58022........ 1858025 40
E8066 -40 58273 16158283 24
68325 1668348 16158376 10
68467 80 68536.. 16 58711.. ...... 16
68747 .16 588154 16158960 16
69045 24159090... ;....'■ 24 59100 80
59300........ ■ 16 59575 80 59711........ 40 '
59732.. 40169905... 40159986 16
60057 24:60071 16 60135 40 •
60327........ 80 80427..:..... .IB 60539 S3
60564........ 16 60646... 16 60818........ 40 ■
Cf)B9B '.. 16 60998........ 16 61139. -... 40 ,
61151... 16 61275.. 16 61298 16
61326... 16161364 .16 61376 40 '
(1883 80161423 120 61451........ . 24 '
61519.;. 24161599........ 24 l 61643........ 24 ■
6172$ 80161783 16 62046 18 ,
62173 1000162241... 16 62272........ 16
C 2289 34163356 -16152468........ 16 |
62502 1662566.. 16162602........ 4.) |
62653 24 62813 16 62828 40 ■
62500. ....... SO 63010........ ;18; 18 63039 400 '
63111........ 24|63203........ 34168886 40 1
63163 40163470........ 16 63596........ 16 '
63610.. ...... 24,63618 16 63663 24 ]
63685. ........ 16163720........ 40 63873. ...... . 24
63904... 16 64121 .' 80 r 64226........ 16
64267 R0164319........ 40:64369 80
64919.. 120164953 40 65088..... ... 24 '
65258........ • 24165403 ...16 65443 .... 18 I
65549.. 80 65698. ....... 15 65601........ 24
65642 24 65654.. ...... 24 63729.../.... 40 1
C 5764 ..•■ 24 65766........ 40 65851 80 <
65878........ 40165323........: 80 68168., 16 1
LIST OF PRIZES.
No. Prize. | No. Prize. No. Prize.
66345 16,66357 24166394 16
66576 16 66706........ 24 66729 16
67239 24 67348 24 67416 16
37495 40 67517 16 67648 10
67680 40 67729........ '16 68090 24
68159 16 65356 24 68415 16
68525 16 63533 40165922 120
88930 24 66959 16 68983 40
69017 16169045 40 69053 16
69062 80 69135 16 69283 16
K9284 24 69323 24 69416 .... 16
69440 24 69503 80 69513 24
69526 16 69546 24169550 16
69613 16 69733 24 C 9792 24
«9532 40 69842 40 69850.'. 16
•SSB7O SO 69920 16
70000 16170006 8070068 ..40
70120 1670128 16 70135 40
70227 24 70366 16 70506 16
70654 70761 16 71004 24
71056 71070 16 71329 24
71374 16 71446 24 71564 24
71619 16171648 24 71726 24
71864 80172000 24,72131 24
72152 72199 16 72243 16
72273 18 72433 24 72543 80
72678 80 72851 16,72835 24
72935 73032 1573086 16
73104 73116 24 73133 40
73151 24 73156 16 73507 16
73579 73650 2473673 24
73717 16 72887 40173995 16
74108 40174194 74218 80
74344 74422 2474434 16
74506 16 74525 16174564 18
74645 16 74671 8074674 16
74906 4074936 1674938 16
75073 75113 1675145 24
75322 1675338 16 75357 16
75354 16 75524 75541 16
75562 24 75685 24 75696 24
75799 4075845 75920 16
75937 24 76037 16 76249 40
76504 24 i 76*. 16 76521 24
76564 2476569 16 75547 24
76906 80 76917 16 76933 16
76979 16 77008........ 80 77113 16
77189 16 77202 16 77242 24
77263 1677315 40 77364... 40
77379 24 77492 16 77757 IC
77990 16 78057 40 78280 80
753C7 40 78824 16178874 120
78876 40 79271 1679270 24
79321 16 79394 16 79453 120
79495 40 79672 16 79728 24
79740 16 76769 24 79941 16
79975 24!
80077 24 80084 16180093 .. 24
80113 24 80313 16180471 24
80472 40 80573 80:80647 40
80684 24 80887 16180893 16
80902 40 31015 80181068 120
SIIR7 16 81339 16 81344 16
81541 24 81553 16181597 40
SI 662 16 81685 24 81677 16
81711 16 81720 id 81763 80
81845 16 51914 24182000 40
82012 40 82013 408266) " 24
82060 24 82165 24 82192 120
82205 24 82427 24 82571 16
8*654 24 82764 40 82777 80
82S0S SO 83027 24133111 40
83184 1688259 40183278 16
83352 16 83424 1000153502 40
53"»5 16153678 16181698 40
83905 16183964 2483996 40
84009 16 84115 16184143 16
84147 80,841*3 • 24184281.. 16
84310 16 84321 40134873 16
84458 1654474 16 8463? 40
84930 40 84971 16185088 24
85092 16 55093 2486181 24
85183 16 SSSSS 16185684 80
85691 2485741 40 55745 24
85798 40186828 1618559S 16
85991 16 86055 24186087 16 |
86179 16 86433 24186624 16
86721 16186866 16186923 120
87106 120 57122 40i57157 24
87244 16 87251 16 87294 24
87426 16187503 24187676....'.... 40
87942 24 85054 24188259 18
88295 16 88471 80188503 16
88692 16 8b6,->2 16155757 16
88781 80 88785 24183879 24
89194 16189275 16 Sf'334 16'
89688 24189642 24189868 16:
89868 40 89885 1689992 16'
90109 80190215 40(90245 120'
90280 1690281 40 90882 24
90433 24 90446 24190481 40 j
90524 2490577 4090591 ! 16
90631 4090748 24190834 16 '
91083 16 91137 12-V91319 120
91358 8000 91379 16 91518 24
91563 16 91631 24 91679 24
91755 16 91847 24 91857 80 1
91980 16 91999 16 ; 2032 16
92128 40 92197 16 92344 16
92872 80.92384 92500 16
92675 40 92764 120 02793 16
53213 16 93241 40-93369 24
93527 40 93545 16 93667 40
93*21 16 Mm:. 14 98866 40
P3933 1698969 16 98976 16
93356 40094176 40*94222 24
94257 80194392 16 54421 16
94556 16.94785 24 94799 40
94909 40195012 18195156 40 !
95195 16 96484 801954 M 24 i
95531 16! 95604 16 9C653 40
96861 16 96024 24 96059 16
96153 40 96206 24 96303 24
96315 40)96857 80*96375 24
96679 16 96894 50i96825 16 j
96861 16196939 4096991 . 16 '
97062 4097151 4097256 16
97332 16197472 1697471 16
.97565 40198127 16 98252 16 ;
955E6 2495752 40:98974 SO 1
99062 99092 16199124 40
99127 24 99160.. 1699233 24
99389 ...".... 40 99493.' 16199552 18 '
99689 80199C99 16 99766 16
99878 1699899 16,
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 35,823 to 35, 423, Inclusive
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing ,the capital prize of $30.000— 540.
100 numbers from 91.308 to 91,408. inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $SOOO — $24.
100 numbers from 14,836 to 14,936. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4000— 516.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 73. being the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $30,000— $S.
999 numbers ending with 58, being the two
last figures ef the number drawing the second
capital prlzt of $BCOO— $8.
The subscriber having supervised the single
number drawing. Class K. Honduras National
Letter* Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. Wit-
ness my hand at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C.
A., this Saturday. October 8. IS9B.
W. L. CABELL, Commissioner.
Prizes cashed at 35 New Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cat.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
C. Blethen. O. F. Bowman, H. H. Noble and
J. C. Chalmers (trustees of estate of Mary C.
Blethen) to Mary A. Sherwood (trustee of es
tate of Mary C. Blethen), lot on X line of Cali
fornia street, 71 E of Buchanan, E 40:6 by N
137:6 CtruMees" deed); »- — .
Emma M. Vandercook to Roberts Vandercook,
lot on \V line of Pteiner street, 68:8 N of Ful
ton. N 8:9 by W 157:6; $10.
Jonas and Phoebe J. Kaufmann to Elizabeth
M. Cox (wife of Thomas A. Cox), lot on S line
of Sutter street, 60 E of Scott, E 27:6 by S
62:6; $10. .
Eloulse Wepke to John R. Aitken, lot on SW
corner of Elliott Park and Stelner street, W 88
by S 41:3 (Hamilton Square); $7000.
John Sommers to James F. Putnam, lot on S
corner of Stevenson and Brady streets, SW 50:6
by SE 64; $10.
Alvln Plummer to Kate C. Plummer (wife),
lot on N line of Fifteenth street, 72 E of Castro,
E 48 by N 115; gift.
Cora A. Morton, executrix of estate of Erne
line Wallace (by Lansing Mizner. commle-
Bloner), to Q. Howard Thompson, lot on S line
of Sutter street, 42:6 E of Jonas, E 65 by S 137:6;
$7998.
W. J. Slnon to Margaret M. Sinon (single),
lot on W line of Hyde street, 104:6 S of Filbert,
S 33 by W 137:6; gift.
Same to same, lot on SW corner of Filbert
and Hyde streets. S 25, W 70, S 46:6, W 67:6.
N 71:5, E 137:6; also lot on S line of Union
street. 28:8 W of Hyde. W 42 by S 65: also lot
on W line of Hyd<3 street, 71:6 S of Filbert, 8
33 by W 137:8; also lot on W line of Hyde
street. 107:6 N of Union. N 15 by W 60; also
lot on N line of Union street. 220 W of Hyde,
W 40 by N 60; also lot on N line of Green
street. 45:6 E of Hyde. E 46 by N 62:6; also lot
2574, Laurel Hill Cemetery: 143 square feet in
linrmitory 3. Station A. Area 11, Mount Cal
vary Cemetery; also property In San Mateo
County; $10.
Margaret M. Pmon to WllHam J. Slnon, lot
on E line of Lark In street, 92 S of Green, S
45 6 by E 137:6; also lot on S line of Union
street. 22:6 E of Hyde, E 22:6 by S 67:6; also
lot on S line of Union street, 45 E of Hyde,
E 23:6 by 8 67:6; also lot on S line of Union
street, 91:6 E of Hyde, E 46, S 90:6, W 25,
N 23. V>' 21. N 67:6: also lot on N line of Green
street. 91:6 E of Hyde, E 46 by N 62:6; also
lot on S line of Union street, 137:6 E of
Hyde, E 23 by S 137:6: also lot on W line of
Hamilton street, 130 S of Silliman, S 30 by W
120; $10.
Annie S. Schoenfeld and Mary L. Burmeister
to Judson Manufacturing Company, lot on NW
line of Tehama street, SO SW of First. SW 2S
by NW 80; $10.
J B. Jr., Josephine and Katherine Lewis,
Elisabeth Kelly (wife of W. A. Kelly) and
Mary L. Edmondson (Lewis) to J. B. Lewis,
lot on SE line of Bryant street. 90 SW of Sec
ond. SW 26 by SE 80; £.
John and Mary Cardozo to Kate Buckner, lot
on S line of Harriet (Garden) street, 250 NW of
Bryant. NW 25 by SW 75; $1665.
Mary A. Bailey and hs trustee of estate of
Richard Bail»y. Mary A.. Anne 8., Agnee M.,
Grace H. and Clara A. Bailey, to Roberts. Van
dercook. lot on W line of Twenty-first avenue,
390 N Of Clement street, N 40 by W 240; $10.
E M. and Rebecca A. Root to same, lot on
W line of Twenty-first avenue. 390 N of Cle
ment street, N 40 by W 240; also lot on E line
of Thirty-first avenue. 187 S of Point Lobos.
8 37:8 by E 120: also lot on E line of Twenty
seventh avenue, 125 N of B street, N 45 by E
120- also lot on NE corner of B street and
Twenty-seventh/ avenue, E M by N 125 : also
lot on NW corner of Fulton and Stelner streets,
W 137:6, N 77:6, E 137:6. S 25, W 97:. 8 27:6,
E 97. S 26: $10.
Frank R. and Rose Murray to E. J. Wren,
lots 305 and 307. Gift Map 1; $10.
James Welch to Catherine Welch, lot on N
corner of Athens and Persia streets, NE 25 by
NW 100. block 64. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Edward McTlernan to Elizabeth A. Gtlbey.
lot on E corner of Thirtieth avenue and G or
Guadalupe street, SE 7S by XE 100, block 533,
Bay View Homestead; fW.
■-'-■■
ADVERTISEMENTS. ± __
! THIS WEEK! I
I A FEW WELL-SELECTED ITEMS FROM OUR I
I FALL AND WINTER STOCK! I
I LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS. I
I .A.t 4 Cents. I
¥ 500 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED SHEER LAWN HAND- %
X KERCHIEFS, half-inch hem; worth 75c a dozen; on special sale at 4
X 4c each. X
I J^-t 1C Cents. |
% 100 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED PURE LINEN HAND- %
<5> KERCHIEFS, wide and narrow hems; worth 15c; on special sale at & .
X 10c each. x
I -A_t 12a Cents. I
% 75 dozen LADIES' PURE LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS, extra quality, X
4 unlaundered; worth 20c; on special sale at 12^c each. X
I J±-t 15 Cents. I
f 100 LADIES' WHITE SHEER LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, scalloped <f>
% and hemstitched, embroidered borders; on special sale at 15c each. 4>
I RIBBON "SPECIAL." I
I -A-t "71 Cents. * I
X 200 pieces No. 12 BLACK TAFFETA ALL-SILK RIBBON, 2 inches ♦
Z wide; worth 15c yard; will be offered at 7%c yard. T
i -A.t 1C Cents. I
% 100 pieces No. 12 BLACK MOIRE ALL-SILK RIBBON, 2 inches wide; X
<$> worth 20c yard; will be offered at 10c yard. X
I .A.t 25 Cents. %
% 100 pieces No. 60 BLACK SATIN AND GROSGRAIN RIBBON, all Bilk, &
4% inches wide; w*>rth 45c yard; will be offered at 25c yard. <|
I J±-t 2O Cents. I
t 200 pieces No. 50 COLORED TAFFETA AND MOIRE RIBBON, 4 Inches <?
4 wide, all silk; worth 35c yard; will be offered at 20c yard. X
% 25 Cents. I
I 300 pieces 5-INCH COLORED FRENCH TAFFETA AND MOIRE RIB- X
T BON, all silk, in a fine assortment of colors; worth 50c yard; will be <*
X offered at 25c yard. • «►
I LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS AND 1
I TENNIS FLANNEL ■ 1
I ■ SKIRTS. !
I J^t 35 Cents. |
% LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS in fancy stripes and checks, f
X blouse front; regular price 75c; will be placed on sale at 35c. X
I .A.t 25 Cents. I
i LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL UNDERSKIRTS, full width, with fancy %
% colored borders; regular price 50c; will be placed on sals at 23c. <3>
I GLOVES .. J
I J^-t 85 Cents. I
\ 26 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP PRIME LAMB GLOVES, colors tan, mode, %
I"* green, navy, slate and white; worth $1 25; will be on special sale X
& at 85c a pair. (Every pair guaranteed and fitted.) -;; r ; : 'u> <|>
11/lf Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
I [FIF Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / I
I \£r \jr San ' Francisco. § i
Lady. I gave a handful of Ripans Tabules to an old gentleman of
Brooklyn, and he said their effect upon him has beta
most remarkable.
Fwend. What was the matter with him, anyway?
L. He is a weigher, and works about the wharves and ware-
houses. He said that always after eating he would bo
troubled with gases, and there would be a sensation at
of a load on the pit of his stomach which made him
very uncomfortable. /
F. Well, what good did the Ripans do him ?
JL I don't know how they did it, but he says they were effect*
ive from the start, and he was surprised to see ho#
quickly one would give him relief. I think it is quito
remarkable, for he is a confirmed dyspeptic and h«
positively sneered when I gave him the Ripans. H«
didn't seem "c think anything could reach his case
BrA CalehMteir's EngUah Diamond Brand.
Pennyrpyal hits
& y- <JS*TV Original and Only Genuine. A.
Trv\ •* rE - *lw»7» reliable, ladies uk /5\
/yUUi DrairgiJt for Chicht Her , Bn,;luh DiaMf^,
M**HSt*u)ttX\ mond Uran<i la l£ ft | nod Ovid meu'.lio
TEV ' — t>o * e * 1 » l e<* with blue ribbon. Take V^
l*t ♦% Wfne other. S^futedangtrout lulititu- ' \T
I / ~ tiona and imitation*. At Dragislits, or tend**,
I jr. Jv In "snip, for partlcaUrt. tMtiiaoolMs »c«
W* JEr Keller ror Ladies, in leftsr, br return
-V__^ Ma.L lO.OOOTrsttmanlalt. iT« 8
■•Id by all Lortl l>rn«sl«U. c ~'mT» f &p?
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KKAK.NY AMi AchLNGlu. 1 ! , axa.— '
modeled and renovated.- KINO, WARD A <
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to Si SO day,
$5 to iS week. $8 to $30 month. Fr*o baths; hot
and cold water every. room: fire grate* In every
room; elevator runs all eight. -
DR.MCNULTY.
H^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i. Speclallstcure* Private, Nervous, Blood Dis- ,- ■
eases of Men only. BooK on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Slen, free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
PutiPiHsenrefiat Home. Terms reasonable. HouroO
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul- .>:
tation free aud sacredly contideu tlal. Call, or address
Dr. P. KOSCOE 31 i.TV,
20J^ Kearny tit., Man Francisco, Cat.
"DIDTTCIJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
OtlU^ljXLlJ en - bootblacks, bath-
*' A"''-rA "'' -r '****■■"'"' houses, billiard table*.'
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. « .nners.
dyers., flourmi Us, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. * ;■.'
... BUCHANAN BROS., .
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento 36 L
56
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 12, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to V^JS^ LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1571.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) !s
«erved by carriers In ttjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 par year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Ruildlng
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R»__» House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bu HdrnfJ
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertlslpft Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay. j
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
»J0 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street. op«n until 9:30 o clock
1941 Mission 6treet. open until 10 o'clock 229' Market
street corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open ur>t!l 9 o'clock- '506 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
E»Wtrin— "The Danclnfir GirL"
Columbia— "Elizabeth, Queen of Enyl*od."
A3ea*ar— " The Wife "
UorcßCo'B— ■ The LJ^hta o London-"
Tlvoll— " The Circus Queen."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Hew Comedy Theater-" The Signal Of Liberty."
Aihambra, Eddy and Jones Vaudeville,
She Chute*— Pletro Marino, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
tlympia— Corner >sa*on and Eddy etreeta— SpeclaiUo*
Butro's Baths— Swlmmln*.
Central Park— Circus, Saturday, October 15.
Glen Park-The Mission Zoo. Opening Sunday, October la
Kosenthal— Coming in February. _____
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. fmbeen & Co.— Monday, October 17, Keal Estate
at 14 Montgomery Btreei, at 12 o dock.
THE SENATORSHIP-
ALL citizens are well aware that at this time the
Senate is the danger point in our government.
The administration is Republican, and in the
House of Representatives there is a strong majority
to support it in carrying out great policies designed
to promote the national welfare. In the Senate, how
ever, the parties are so equally divided the Republi
cans can be scarcely said to control the course of
legislation there. While such a state of affairs con
tinues all legislation is doubtful and uncertain. The
only way to make sure of a wise settlement ot national
problems is to elect a sufficient number of Repub
licans to the Senate this winter to put that body in
harmony and accord with the other branches of the
Government.
Upon the people of California devolves an impor
tant duty in that regard. A United States Senator is
to be elected by the Legislature this winter. The
incumbent is a Democrat. Here is an opportunity
to decrease the Democratic vote in the Senate by one,
and to increase the Republican vote by one, making
•'erence of two votes in the comparative strength
of the parties. In the present condition of affairs
that change in the Senate might be decisive of almost
every important issue in the legislation of the coming
Congress. Under such circumstances the Repub
licans of the State should need no urging to bend
every energy to the task of electing a Republican
Legislature.
California ha« been for too long a time mi
$ented in Congress by Democrats and Populists,
free-traders and fiat money men. Her interests have
undoubtedly suffered to some extent because of
r -'presentation. She has. therefore, a stake of her
own in the contest, and her welfare as well as that
of the nation will be largely affected by the results of
the Congressional and Senatorial elections. Every
consideration emphasizes the need of a solid Republi
can delegation from Calif r,rnia. The issues are mo
mentous. The occasion is critical.
From this time forth close attention should be
given by Republican workers to the canvass for the
legislative ticket. Fortunately the legislative nomi
nees throughout the State are men to whom the party
and independent voters can give a cordial and un
hesitating support. They are pledged to an economi
cal management of State affairs and to all reforms the
conditions of the time call for. They represent the
business interests, the taxpayers and the .vorkingmen
of the State. They stand for conservative govern
ment, for ''our country as it is." again-t the vagaries
of single taxers, socialists and political tinkers of all
kinds.
For the welfare of the nation, for the good of the
State, for the interests and the rights of the indus
trious and the thrifty land-owners among our peo
ple, the contest in the legislative districts should be
•waged by Republicans with that vim and vigor which
accomplish victories. Let it not be forgotten that the
United States in this emergency needs a Republican
Senate and counts on California to elect a Repub
lican to succeed Senator White.
WILLIAM &. DEANE.
BY the nomination of William A. Deane for the
office of County Clerk the Republican conven
tion has afforded an opportunity for the pro
motion of one of the most efficient deputies in the
service of the city and county. The nomination, in
fact, is in line with the principles of the best civil ser
vice system, since it provides for the advancement
of a faithful official in accordance with the merits of
his service.
Mr. Deane has served many years in the County
Clerk's office, fulfilling various duties, among others
that of chief deputy, and is therefore well fitted by
experience and practical knowledge to take charge of
its duties. No man is more familiar with the de
tails of the work required of the Cierk, and no one
can be more surely counted on to perform them with
efficiency and fidelity.
During the period of his employment as an official
of the county Mr. Deane has had business relations
with all classes of citizens. They have found him
uniformly courteous and obliging, indefatigable in
work, carefully accurate in all that he does and thor
oughly reliable. By reason of these excellent quali
ties he has gained the favor of the community at large
as well as the, esteem of his chiefs and his colleagues
in office.
With so worthy a record of past service Mr. Deane
enters upon the campaign with qualifications which
entitle him to the support of all citizens who desire
an efficient and reliable administration of the Cnunty
Clerk's office. The fidelity with which he has ful
filled all his obligations in the past is a sure guarantee
of equal fidelity in the future. Under Mr. Deane's
management the people can rely upon it that the
work of the County Clerk's office will be performed
with hustnes9-like promptness, economy and ac
curacy.
MfIGUIRE fIND ONARCHY.
X his speech against the feature of the immigration
bill to prohibit the immigration of anarchists and
nihilists to this country, Maguire said:
"Who are the nihilists? They are the Democrats of
Russia, who are struggling against almost hopeless
odds to establish the natural and inalienable rights of
man in that country.
"Who are the anarchists of Spain? They are the
Republicans of that country, seeking to establish the
principle of popular sovereignty as against the un
natural privilege of governing now enjoyed by a
single family.
"Who are the socialists of Germany? They are the
opponents of monarchical government and special
privilege — the advocates of the equal rights of man.
I believe their schemes of social regeneration to be
impracticable and mistaken, but their purpose is right
and their cause should be sacred to every lover of
liberty and justice."
It will be noted that he took pains to declare his
opposition to the schemes of the socialists, only, and
had no principles to state in opposition to the nihil
ists and anarchists. The socialists proceed by peace
ful means, and are even opposed to war for any cause,
being practical non-resistants.
Maguire's defender and supporter, Mr. Preble of
Oakland, whose letter we published last wee^c, said:
"Every syllable of that speech should be indorsed by
enlightened citizens who believe in the great demo
cratic principle of political equality and freedom. * *
Anarchism is no more a menace to civilization than
any other line of philosophical reasoning." In our
comments on this defense of Maguire's defense of
anarchy, we said that neither Maguire nor Preble
could be in the dark as to the purposes and methods
of anarchy. It is opposition to all government and its
institutions defensive of life and property. Twenty
three years ago Karl Marx and Bakounin, the
founder of anarchy, disputed as to the nature of their
creed. Out of this contention issued a plat
form or declaration of principles which remains
to this d\y unchanged as statement of the
purpose and method of anarchy. That plat
form declared war against capital, abolition of
the state and all government and authority whatso
ever, dynastic as in monarchies and temporary as in
republics. It closed by crystallizing the whole creed
into two phrases: "Do as you wish," and "every
thing is everybody's." Soon after this declaration
Nicolaus Bakounin, who was a Russian, educated
at the St. Petersburg School of Cadets, died, July i,
1876.
He was succeeded in the chieftainship of the an
archists by Elisee Reclus, who, with Paul Brousse
and other anarchists, met at Bakounin's grave and
promulgated his biography, which had an immense
circulation in Europe.
At a Congress of Trades, held in Berne not long
after. Carlo Cafiero and Enrico Malatesta, Italian
dele,c ''^d in the most extravagant praises of
Bakounin, notably on the same lines as Maguire's
speech in Congress and for the first time declared
the "propaganda by deed" in these terms: 'The
Italian federation believes that insurrection destined
to confirm by deeds the anarchistic principles is the
only means of effacacious propaganda." Then riot
and assassination began. Cafiero led a riot in Bene
vento, burned the official archives and looted the
treasury, dividing the public money among them
selves.
A month later the Anarchist Congress met at Ver
viers, where Krapotkine first appeared as an anar
chist under the name of Levachot. In 1878 Brousse
and Krapotkine issued the anarchist paper. "L'Avant
Garde." and Hoedel proclaimed anarchy in Germany
and Moncasi and Passamenti attempted to assassinate
the King of Spain and of Italy, respect!-
At the second Anarchist Congress at Freiburg Re
clus submitted this platform, which was adopted: ,
"First— -Collective appropriation of social wealth.
"Second — Abolition of government in all its iorms.
"Third— Propaganda by theory.
'"Fourth — Action by riot and revolution.
"Fifth — Abandonment of the idea that sovereignty
of the people may be expected by the ballot."
"L'Avant Garde" was suppressed and Herzig be
gan the publication of "Le Revoke," at Geneva, for
which Krapotkine wrote. He also lectured on the
principles of anarchy, and at Marseilles preached
"propaganda by deed." the anarchist euphemism for
assassination, and organized a convention which pro
claimed the confiscation, by expropriation, of all land
and capital, without indemnity or compensation to
the owners. Otero Gonzales went from this conven
tion to his attempt to assassinate the King of Spain.
In 1881 anarchist delegates went from all over
Europe to a convention of the Workingmen's party
at Paris, and bolted in anger when it refused to in
dorse anarchy.
Krapotkine was then driven out of Switzerland,
and, with Francis Guy, traveled over France, exciting
disorders. Since then their followers have murdered
the President of the French republic, thrown bombs
in the French Assembly, murdered the police in Hay
market square, Chicago, threw a bomb in the Cafe
Foyot, Paris, killed many people in trying to assas
sinate the Prefect of Barcelona, Spain, and murdered
many with bombs in the Cafe Terminus, in Paris, and
assassinated Castillo del Canovas and the Empress of
Austria.
Justus Schwab and Hcrr Most are the anarchist
leaders in the United States. They are saloon-keep
ers, and Most for a long time edited an anarchist
paper, the "Freiheit," in Brooklyn. N. V., in which
he urged editorially the use of the knife in assassina
tion, because only a crack shot could kill with a
pistol! For a long time the motto at the head of hi>
paper was "Long live the torch and the bomb."
The above is an incomplete list of anarchist assas
sinations, but it is a complete and authentic state
ment of anarchist principles from their official declar
ations:
"Do as you wish."
"Everything is everybody's."
"Down with government and authority in all its
form?."
These are the men Judge Maguire defended as
praiseworthy patriots and worthy immigrants to this
country, saying he hoped "the time will never come
when they will be denied asylum in the land of the
free heart's hope and home."
These are the principles which Mr. Preble says
were the same as "Paine and Jefferson, Lincoln and
Henry Georfce. stood for in the onward march of
human proprrrc<;."
Since the supporters of Judge Maguire have
adopted the followers of Bakounin as their comrades
and his principles as theirs, we submit the case to the
people of Calfornia to decide.
If they think that every man should do as he wishes,
that everything is everybody's, and all land and
property should be expropriated without indemnity,
they have a chance to say so by indorsing Maguire.
Let it be remembered that Mr. Preble defended
these views of Maguire, saying, "I regard Judge Ma
guire not alone as my friend, but the friend of all
just men-/' so the issue is made from Maguire's side
of politics, and by his friend and spokesman.
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1898.
FOR MR. VALENTINE'S PERUSAL.
PERHAPS President Valentine of the Wells-
Fargo Express has overlooked the opinion
coming from the Circuit Court of Wayne
County, Mich. It is a pleasing duty to spread it be
fore him and call his distinguished attention to it.
This decision, quoted in full in another column.
covers exactly the points raised by the Wells-I-argo
concern, and in distinct terms overthrows each one of
them. It would appear that the American Company
is of a piece with the local corporation in that both
endeavored to escape payment of the war revenue
tax, and to make their customers pay it for them.
The company's defense was technical, striving to
set aside consideration of the merits of the case, and
pleading non-jurisdiction. The technicality, however,
was swept aside by a few\ ords, and briefly and tersely
the court showed the folly of the opposing conten
tions. The Judge said that the company was bound
to furnish a receipt, that the receipt was not good un
less there was attached to it a revenue stamp, The
obligation of the company to supply the stamp thus
became clear, as the law would hardly demand of it
the formality of furnishing a worthless receipt.
Raising rates so as to cover the cost of the stamp
was denounced as an illegal subterfuge designed for
shifting the burden to the customers, whereas it be
longed to the company. The law quoted is the same
as has heretofore been printed in these columns for
the enlightenment of the Valentine intelligence. It
is so plain as to be subject only to the construction
given it. Finally, the opinion sets forth the difference
between a transaction in which private parties are
concerned and one in which a party is a common car
rier. There does not appear to be anywhere a crumb
of comfort for Valentine. The American Company
was ordered by a writ of mandamus to do as expected
of it, to receive packages and forward them at the
regular rate, putting on each receipt the necessary
stamp.
The present would seem to be a good time for Val
entine to repent. Writs of mandamus are possible
here. There is also a likelihood that damage suits
will be filed in large number, for the one thus far
tested has been decided adversely to Wells-Fnrgo.
For Mr. Valentine to obey the law would certainly be
the part of wisdom.
JUDGE MAGUIRE says that he will not be di
verted from the issues oi the campaign. It will
fill a long felt want if he will take the public
into his confidence in what he considers the issues to
be. In a general way he informs his audiences that
he stands against the aggressions of the corpora
tions and the rich. If aggressions exist they can be
specified. Let the Judge outline an existing aggrt-
sion, state it truthfully and give the remedy that can
be provided in his election. If he cannot describe
such existing aggression and prove that it exists and
that it can be stopped by electing him Governor, then
his general denunciation of property and those who
own it is dangerous demagogy, affecting to see
classes that have no existence and stirring one man
up against another.
Recently he has begun boasting that he was ap
prenticed to the blacksmith's trade, and so learned
to sympathize with labor. This is demagogic. In
this country a vast majority of men lay their keel in
labor in early life, and labor has had sympathizers
besides apprentices. One thing is sure, the Judge
did not like work well enough to stick to it, for there
is some evidence that he began drawing down an offi
cial salary at 19, and it is certai. that he did very soon
after he was 21, and has been at it ever since, with
very slight intermissions.
In regard to his apprenticeship to a trade, it is
worth noting that a great man has never been known
to advertise such a thing himself. In all the long
public career of John Bright he never told an au
dience that he was a cotton-spinner. Stephen A.
Douglas never found it necessary to tell that he was
a cabinet-maker, nor John M. Palmer that he was a
cooper, nor Andrew Johnson that he was a tailor, nor
Henry Wilson that he was a shoemaker, nor Lincoln
that he was a rail-splitter and flatboat man, nor
Henry Clay that he was a mill boy, nor Joe McDon
ald that he was a harness-maker, because in the use
of their genius and talents they impressed themselves
upon their age without reference to their early calling.
and when their brains had raised them to eminence
it was left for others to search out the experiences
of their early life and tell it to the world. When a
man saves the historian and biographer the trouble
by attempting to inflate his personality by weeping
over his experiences as a boy, it is rather good evi
dence that he has not the brains and talents to sus
tain himself without demagogy.
So far Maguire's campaign has been entirely de
nunciatory and destructive. He denounces that he
would destroy. He runs amuck against property and
its owners. But California does not want a destruc
tive policy. This State requires a constructive policy.
What will Ma:?uire do. if elected, to relieve the sor
rows of the poor, which he first heard of while blow
ing a bellows as a blacksmith's apprentice? Let him
be specific and tell what he is going to do.
So far lie has denounced the funding bill which his
friend Senator White helped to draw up and perfect,
and which every man of sense admits closes the fund
ing issue favorably to the Government. The people
of California want their public affairs controlled by
reason and not prejudice. Will Judge Maguire cease
exploiting the pleasures of memory and the pleasures
of hope, the memory that he was once an apprentice
p.nd the hope that he will be Governor, and talk a
little plain reason n.nd common sense?
An aged man who Had come from the East to
marry a "rich widow" who had advertised her yearn
ing for a hu>l>:m<l has died in the County Hospital.
When the woman !e;irns this she will probably be
cheered at the reali/ntiVm that one more witness is out
of the way. For it due*; not appear that she is a model
woman.
Colonel Hale of the Colorado regiment goes to the
trouble to expose a sample Examiner lie. The colonel
means well, of course, for he is a gentleman and a
soldier, but his effort was hardly necessary. The
Examiner lie exposes itself. It invariably sticks out
like Bill Nye's sore thumb.
If Spain has any intention of keeping Blanco's
army at Havana longer than the Government of the
United States stipulates, there are as yet no indica
tions of it. The fact that Correspondent Creelman ad
vances this theory is fairly good proof there is noth
ing in it.
how the turn of Corbett and Sharkey to sign ar
ticles and indulge in conversation is here. There is
no reasonable chance of a fight between them, and
they must smile to note that some people accept their
conversational tumult as in some measure genuine.
When Candidate Gage speaks of the single tax
Democratic papers term the process "harping." Yet
it was on that same old string that Maguire has been
playing for years, and he didn't play half so good a
tune as Gage docs, either.
WHAT ARE THE ISSUES?
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
11. H. Knapp, a banker of Napa, is at
the Palace.
Judge W. H. Hatton of Modesto is reg
istered at the Lick.
D. C. Demerit, a mining man of Angels
Camp, is at the Lick.
J. M. Wlihnans, a prominent merchant
of Newman, is at the Lick.
James B. Devine. the well-known Sacra
mento lawyer, is at the Lick.
Paul H. Blades, editor of the Los An
geles Record and San Diego Sun, is at the
Occidental.
Captain James G. Blame, U. S. V.. re
turned from Manila yesterday and is at
the Palace.
Major W. A. Simpson, I*. S. A., arrived
from Maniia yesterday on the Newport
and put up at the Occidental.
A. J. Brander, secretary of a large
English guano company, of which Mr.
Arundel is president, is at the Occidental.
Dr. Elmer E. Stone, a prominent phy
sician of Marysville. is in the city attend
ing a meeting of the Masonic Grand
Lodge.
Karon Yon SchT>der and his brother.
Baron A. V. Yon Schroder, the latter hav
ing recently arrived from Germany, are
at the Palace.
Mrs. Charles I. Kory (nee Cohn) of
Galveston, Tex., is visiting her sisters,
Mrs. E. J. Stblz and the Misses Cohn, at
1624 I'ost street.
Henry* T. Sloane of New York, son of
William Sloane, one of the founders of
j W. & J. Sloane & Co.. la in the city on a
I pleasure trip and stopping at the Palace.
J. N. Lane, a prominent insurance man
of Manchester, England, is stopping at
the Occidental. He Is accompanied by his
son. A. W. Lane, and W. Y»'eddel of
London.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 11.— Archdeacon
fimery of San Francisco is at the Arling
ton; A. Koeble of San Francisco is at tho
St. James; Wheeler J. Bailey and Frank
E. Hilton, of San Diego, are at the Ra
leigh; A. W. Simpson of Stockton is at
the Wlllards; F. W. Thompson and son
of Los Angeles are at the Metropolitan.
A NON-PARTISAN'S
INTERVIEW
Editor Call: In the issue of The Call
of last Thursday in relation to the Non-
Partisan convention there an
interview from me which does me an
■ injustice. The following is the extent
:of the interview had: I stated: "That
1 if by the personal efforts of Gavin Mo-
Nub, one of the 'leaders' of the Demo
cratic Committee of One Hundred, who
! was present upon the floor of the con
' ventlon, he had succeeded jn defeating
Mr. Holland, the Republican nominee
for Supervisor in the First Ward, aud
nominating Dr. Leland, the Democratic
1 nominee, that it would have been par
j tisan Democratic politics, because nine
j Democrats already had been in<l
and when we found an equally good
; Republican who had received the oom
miuet-'s recommendation, I believed
that he should have received the mi
i dorsement, and that I was glad that
, the convention did not permit that
: thing to be done; that I thought there
■ were some who would have left the
convention had he succeeded in his pur
, pose."
The above differs materially fmra the
construction placed upon my remarks
in the printed Interview, insomuch bo
that I ask you in fairness to make the
correction. Very truly yours,
WM. M. ABBOTT.
San Franrlser., Cal., Oct. 10.
DR. BURGESS ON "KINETOPA
THY."
What! A new "pathy"? True, but
while the fear is but natural that new
accessions may finally lead to a confu
sion of "pathies" as disastrous to the
building- of the Temple of Health as
was the confusion of tongues to the
building of the tower of Babel, this
new "pathy" will have precisely the op
posite effect, for, like Aaron's rod, it
will swallow up all the other "pathies"
and cause the serpent in the emblem
atic attribute of Esculapius, the god of
medicine, to look hereafter like a boa
constrictor after a full meal. The two
best relished dishes of this varied and
extensive bill of fare will be homeopa
thy, with her adopted child, allo
pathy, swallowed, like Jonah, without
shrift or condiment. The indigestibil
ity of a bony dish like osteopathy, or a
cold side relish like Christian science —
which, by the way, should be called
"apathy" Instead of a "pathy," for that
is certainly no "pathy" which denies
the existence of disease — will be tem
pered by something hot, like electro
pathy, which brings on the one hand
financial death in the shape of electric
belts and things, and on the other
rouses to life the dead, as Lazarus,
by sticking eiectric needles into their
hearts, while the whole menu washed
down by Father Kneippathy, the newest
brand of hydropathy, will constitute a
meal that would make even a boa con
strictor feel tired.
This much by way of Introduction to
kinetnpathy, and now to the cultivation
of an acquaintance with it, which is
quite another story and one that is
naturally preceded by the query,
What is it?
The foundation of kinetopathy is laid
upon the causative principle underly
ing therapeutic or curative action. In
this it differs from other pathies which
are — every one of them — founded upon
the method of that action. The causa
tive principle of curative action is po
tential energy aroused to specific
kinetic activity, and the practice of
kinetopathy consists in the employ
ment of any and every agency compe
tent to arouse, control and direct that
activity to the accomplishment of a
cure of disease. This gives kinetopathy
so much resemblance to regular medi
cine that it might be mistaken for it
were it not for its great rotundity so
necessary to the container of every
"pathy." Big pills, little pills, assorted
(eclectic) pills, dashes and floods of
wetness, currents of electricity, rest for
jaw, stomach, brain and limb, laying on
of hands — often more like the laying
on of an elephant's foot — spasms of
faith and spurts of exercise, all these
are more or less seductive strena seek
ing to lure on curative action, while
kinetopathy represents the action itself.
A few illustrations of what kinetic
energy may do when misdirected will
show only too plainly the necessity of
thorough education and training to the
kim-topfithist before he shall attempt
to enter into the practice of his profes
sion. The deadly effect of concentrated
prussic acid, which, when placed upon
the tongue, kills before it caji be swal
lowed; the curare tipped arrow, which
carries almost instant death' into the
veina through the merest scratch; the
lightning flash and the electroeutioner's
shock, which kill when they touch;
mental emotion that may come like an
avalanche to crush the heart walls to
gether, never to expand again— all
these are danger signals and effects
that cannot be explained except upon
the hypothesis of kinetic activity, while
at the same time they show the unlim
ited scope and power of that activity
wbicfa may some day be fully utilized
in the cure of disease.
Let it be added, in conclusion, that
when the first kinetopathic college of
medicine shall be established the writer
will expect to occupy the chair of pro
fessor of kineotopathy and -the office of
dean of the faculty, and his first duty
shall be to provide a suitable reward of
merit to him who shall first discover
kinetopathic agents that shall equal in
promptness and efficiency the kineto
lethal already known — that is to say,
agents that shall cure as quickly and
completely as well known agents kill.
O. O. BURGESS. M.D.
GREAT DAYS FOR MASONS.
Yesterday morning at 10 o'clock in King
Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, the
forty-ninth annual- convocation of tne
i Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Ma-
I sons of California was opened in due form
' by Grand Master Flint.
There were present at the opening-, in
i addition to the grand officers, a list or
I which was published last Sunday, about
! 400 representatives from all parts of the
I State.
The grand master in his address saici.
It is with great pleasure that I am en^ b }t^
to report to you the continued i^sperU. ° f the
craft within this jurisdiction olvritYia }*R?a
; in* the financial depression that has prevailed
throughout the greater part of the State .the
' increase In membership has been unusually
: large. The total gain for the year is .34.
j which has been exceeded but four times In the
entire history of this Grand Lodge. Peace : and
prosperity have prevailed within our borders
and our relations with sister Jurisdictions have
been pleasant and harmonious. »
The membership of the order at this
! time is 19.542. In his address the grand
i master paid tribute to the memories or
the late James Ogelsby. for many years
the grand tyler of the lodge, and the late
George Lord, who was the oldest Mason In
the jurisdiction, if not in the Linked Stages.
He also read a number of decisions ren
dered during the year and of official acts.
He expressed himself as pleased with the
excellence of the work of the order wher
ever he had made official visits, and
praises the inspectors for the carefulness
! with which they have discharged their
duties The subject of granting dispensa
tions to army lodges was referred. to the
°On' &C subject of Masonry in the
Hawaiian Islands he said:
The recent acquisition by the United States
I of the Hawaiian islands has added, in a certain
sense, to theresponsibilitesof this Grand _ }*f&f
■ The two lodees chartered by this grand body
1 have thus btfome nearer and dearer to us and
a territory has been opened that, to a certain
degree may be considered our own, in a aa
sonic se^ While the several lodges situated
in Hawaii have derived their chart*™ froni
different grand Jurisdictions It -nouW seem to
be for the best interests of Free Maronry that
they be. if possible, comprised within the same
i Jurisdiction, and from the fact that Grand
■ Lodge of California is n '» rer ,. th^ fact
other Grand Lodge, and from the farther. fact
j that our Masonic relations are. and must be In
' the future brought nearer and closer , it would
appear that the most natural affiliations of the
1 lodges situated In Hawaii should be with the
I Grand Lodge of California.
I There were presented the reports of Grand
I Secretary Johnson and those of other
i grand officers, which were referred. A
number of resolutions were also presented
At r ha?f- r past 4 o'clock the Grand Lodge
At half-past 4 o'clock the Grand Lodge
was adjourned until to-morrow morning
; for the continuation of business. To
; day will devoted to the ceremonies
of the dedication of the Widows
! and Orphans' Home in Decoto, in accord
< ance with the programme that has al
ready been fully detailed.
To-night the first degree will be con
ferred in King Solomon's Hall before the
representatives by Mission Lodge, to-mor
! row night the second degree will be given
! by Excelsior Lodge and Thursday night
i the third by Fidelity Lodge.
To-day the Masonic Veterans Associa
; tion will take part in the ceremonies at
> Decoto and on Thursday will hold its
. twentieth annual meeting. t > 4 V.
The following is an interesting item
from the report of the Masonic board of
; relief, of which A. K. Coney is the chair
■ man and E. C. Hare the secretary:
Total receipts for the year, $11,346 19; from
i which deduct the expenditures of the year,
J10.55S 35. and there remains a balance in the
treasury of J3S7 Si. Of the foregoing sum of
$952s 20, disbursed for the relief of the sick and
distressed, there was expended: For Masons of
1 the jurisdiction of California, *3051 65; for Ma
sons of other Jurisdictions in the United States.
$3504 10: for Masons -- '— »ign Jurisdictions,
J2'Sl 40; for sundry unclassed, $341 05; making
the total relief, as above. $5528 20.
The expeditures above enumerated do
not include any outlay for members of
lodges of the city of San Francisco, or fur
their wives, widows or children, as lodges
of this city provide for their own destitute
and distresi
The following is a summary of the re
ceipts and disbursements or the board
during the forty-two years of its exist
ence:
RECEIPTS.
1556. 1897. IMS. Totals.
From city 10dge5. 1134,859 21 $ 3 374 29 Jll-.233 50
Other sources £30.732 3fi 7.971 M Z3S
Orand totals.. . .»385.;i'l " $11,346 13 $376,937 76
The following- are the appointments
marl' 1 by Colonel William Kdwards, the
grand marshal, also the T'oriirattcrrr of The"
several divisions that are to take part in
the grand dedicatory ceremonies at the
home. Trains will leave for Decoto this
morning at 9:10 and 11 o'clock.
Chief of staff, George S. Andres, Golden Gate
Lodge; chief aid, A. W. McKenzie, Mission
Lodge; aids. It. E. Allen. Mission Lodge; H.
Baehr, California Chapter No. 5, Royal Arch
Masons; H. J. Owen, Excelsior Lodge; Z. U.
Dodge, Pacific Lodge; C. A. Wagner. Golden
Gate Lodge; H. A. Ranft, King Solomon's
Lodge. They will report to the chief of staff
mounted at i*:3o a, m.. northwest corner Post
and^ . -.veil streets. The lines will be formed
at 9:45 a. m. on Post street,,, facing west, the
right resting on Powell. The signal to advance
will he given promptly at 10 a. m.
First division— Platoon of police; grand mar
shal and staff, band. Golden Gate Commander)*
No. 16. Joseph C.Campbell,' generalissimo, and
Robert McMillan, captain general; San Fran
cisco Consistory. C. W. Conlisk, grand master;
Godfrey de St. Omar Council Xo. 1. Knights of
Kadosh; Yerba Buena Chapter No. 1, Rose
Croix; Yerba Buena Lodge of Perfection No. 1.
Second division — Band, San Francisco Chap
ter No. 1. J. F. Logan, high priest; California
Chapter No. 5, H. C. Decker, high priest; Cali
fornia Lodge No. 1, E. H. Hill, master: La
Parfaite Union Lodge Xo 17, A. K. Coney,
master; Occidental Lodge No. 22, E. F. Delger,
master; Golden Gate Lodge Xo. 30. C. O. John
stone, master; Mount Moriah Lodge Xo. V \V.
E. Bojrer, master; Fidelity Lodge No. 120, Max
Goldman, master; band; Herman Lodge Xo. 127,
K. Stuwitsky, master; Pacific Lodge No. 136, R.
M. Dible, master; Crockett Lodge No. 139, Ju
lius .Reimer, master; Oriental Lodge No. 144.
M. R. Jost, master; Excelsior Lodge No. 15«,
Carroll Cook, master: Mission Lodge No. 169,
W. H. Cobb, master; South San Francisco
Lodge No. 212, P. J. Ashford, master; Doric
Lodge No. 216-, T. E. Hill, master; Speranza
Itallana Lodge No. 219, G. Scalnianlnl. master;
King Solomon's Lodge Ho. 260, F. B. Wood,
master.
Third division— Grand Lodge of Califor
nia. Thomas Flint Jr., grand master.
The first division will form on the north side
of Post street, [ right resting on Powell, facing
west: platoon of police, northwest corner Post
and Powell streets; grand marshal and staff
northeast corner Post and Powell: Golden Gate
Commandery on the left of th.- grand marshal;
Scottish rite bodies on the left of the com
mander}-.
Second division will form on the south s-(<le
of Post (street, right resting on Powell, facing
west: band. Royal Arch chapters and Blue
lodges.
Third division will form on the nirth side of
Post street, right resting on Stockton, facing
W I'St.
The line of march will be up Post street to
Mason, down Mason to Market, down Market
to the ferry. At Decoto the line will reform
in the original order and march to the new
home, where the grand master will dedicate
the edifice with appropriate ceremony.
The Grand Lodge will conduct the dedicatory
ceremonies. Grand Master Thomas Flint Jr.
Senator Perkins and Rev. Dr. Voorsanper will
deliver addresses. • Charles L. Patton. the Re
publican candidate tor Mayor and president of
the board of trustees, will, on behalf of the
board nf trustees, present the home to the
Grand Lodge.
No refreshments can be provided at Decoto
and it If suggested by the committee and the
grand marshal that each family provide itself
with a small basket of luncheon
The parade will roach the ferry, foot of Mar
ket street, In time to take the 11 a. m. boat
The returning trains will leave Decoto at 2 51*
3:15, 4 and 4:30 p. m. % ~" *
The fare from this city -win be 73 cents for
adults and 40 cents for children. Tickets -ire
on sale by the various secretaries an.l the com
mittee, and will also be sold at railroad sta
lions. •
■ — — » '
PREPARING TO RECEIVE.
Decoto Getting Ready for the
Dedication Ceremonies.
DECOTO, Oct. 11.— All was activity
and bustle in Decoto to-day. The lit
tle town is preparing to receive about
15.000 Masons and their families and
friends to-morrow, when the handsome
new Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home will be dedicated with all the
pomp and ceremony of the Masonic
rites.
Two years ago this month the corner
stone for the big structure was laid
■with imposing ceremony and 10,000 visi
tors thronged the town and the hill
upon which the home is located. This
year the visitors will W more numer
ous and still more extensive ceremonies
will take place. Early to-morrow
morning the procession will form in
San Francisco, and to the music of
many bands march to the foot of Mar
ket street and cross by boat to Oak
land pier, where a half dozen special
trains will be in waiting to bring the
throng to Decoto.
Upon their arrival the procession will
be re-formed and march through a large
field to the hill, a half mile distant,
where the ceremonies will be con
ducted. The big building has been
completed and everything about the
premises has been made spick and span
for the occasion.
The dedication services will be con
ducted by the grand officers. Decoto
people are preparing extensively to feed
the multitude, and at least a dozen re
freshment stands have been put up in
town and on the roads. ~i PV a-
The home stands upon a h'<*n eiova
tion overlooking the beautiful and fer
tile Santa Clara Valley. On the north
San Francisco can be seen, while at
the other end is the valtey of San Jose.
Below a dozen smaller towns are \is-
The furnishings of the home are ele
gant. The main hall is a beautiful
piece of architectural work and all
through the building are evidences of a
large expenditure of money.
SINGLE TAX CHALLENGE.
Editor Call: So repeated have been
the attacks and misrepresentations of
the single tax theory in The Call and
other papers of late that, as a member
of the Alameda County Single Tax So
ciety, I feel bound to request the liber
ality of your paper to make a few per
tinent propositions.
As single taxers many of us regret
the action of the Republican party in
their State convention in inserting an
anti-single tax plank in the State plat
form. Such action will force many
single tax Republicans in this election
to vote against their own party.
It is not, however, of such vital in
terest to single taxers as to which po
litical party is for or against the sin
gle tax as it is that the theory of Henry-
George should be understood and in
telligently discussed. Up to the pres
ent editorials have been woefully at
sea in the presentation of the single
tax proposition, and naturally the de
ductions have been equally erroneous,
and platform speakers also seem
wretchedly ignorant of what the single
tax is and what the results of its adop
tion would be. General Barnes con
tents himself with calling it names;
Mr. Gage says it is a proposition to
tax realty and improvements only.
Now, in order to test the knowledge
and encourage the exercise of thought
on the part of random writers and rav
ers, and to put the subject squarely
before the people — in other words, in
order to give the single tax a fair,
square hearing— l make the following
claims for the single tax and challenge
denial or adverse argument. The sin
gle tax would:
First — Cheapen land.
Second— Would encourage industry.
Third— Discourage speculation.
Fourth— Raise the wages of labor.
Fifth— lncrease the earnings of capi
tal invested in industry-
Sixth — Reduce the California farm
ers' taxes to a quarter of the present
tax they pay.
Seventh — Prevent one man living off
another's labor, except by charity.
Eiehth — Destroy mono;
Ninth— Aboiish the "lobby."
Tenth — Raise the wages to the full
product of labor.
Eleventh— And could not be shifted.
It seems to me that the above is a
fair target for anti-single taxers. The
only difficulty the antis will have will
be to keep the thought out of their
answer?. When an anti-single taxer
begins to think he is in danger, and if
he keeps 01? thinking he is lost to the
antis and becomes as rabid as any of
us.
Trusting that you will give your anti
single tax editor, orators and readers
an opportunity to confute the above
statements, and also permit reply. I
am. sir. EDGAR POMEROY.
Oakland. October 10.
ANSWERS TO COBRESPOXDZNTS.
STAMPS — Lw V., Altaville, Calaveras
County. Cal. If you will send a self-ad
dressed and stamped envelope this depart
ment will mail you the address of the
party asked for.
STAMP LANGUAGE —E. S., ITilah.
CaL The explanation of the stamp lan
gjjage. so called, was published in the
Answers to Correspondents in the issue of
the 15th of September
PATENT OFFICE PROCEDURE— D.
A.. City. The most expeditious manner
to proceed to secure a patent is to place
tlu> matter in the hands of a reliable
patent agt-nt who will attend to all the
details. In addition to the fee to be paid
to the agent the Government fee is $13
for filing an application and $20 for the is
suing of the patent.
COURT STENOGRAPHER— G. E. H..
City. Competent court stenographers
are appointed by the Judges of
the respective courts in which they
are employed. Applications should
be filed with the respective Judges
and then the applicant would have to
show his competency, and use his influ
ence to secure the appointment.
NEWSPAPER WORK- G. E. H., City.
If a man is "in the prime of life, has a
strong taste for journalism, has spent
ten yean In an honest effort to qualify,
has a good education, is a keen observer,
has a ready expression, abundance of
tact and energy, is of good character and
wants to enter the field of Journalism."
he should offer his services to some news
paper and give evidence of his ability.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE — Subscriber,
City. In the- States of Colorado. Utah and
Wyoming women have full suffrage and
vote for all officers, including Presidential
electors. The woman suffrage law in
Wyoming was adopted In is7f>: in Colorado
it was adopted in 1593; woman suffrage is
a constitutional provision in Utah. Wo
man suffrage exists in a limited way in
Idaho, but women do not vote for Presi
dential electors.
SQUARE MTI>E— MILE SQUARE— A.
O. S.. City. There is no difference in tha
measurement of a mile square and a
."•■mare mile, but there is a difference be
tween two square miles and two miles
square. "Two square mile*" may apply
to two separate bodies of land each one
mile square, while "two miles square"
applies to a square tract of land having
a frontage of two miles on each of the
four sides. In two square miles there are
12>0 acres, but in two miles square there
are 2£>t*) acres.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business house i and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"I never could get the hang of these
things." said the horse reporter who had
been assigned to write up a wedding.
"What's the matter now?" asked the
authority on etiquette. '
"Should I say the bride was married to
Alonzo Jones or simply that she married
Alonzo Jones?"
"It depends entirely on her age," an
swered the authority on etiquette. "Un
der 21 a girl is always married to the
groom; over that a^e she simply marries
— Chicago Evening Post.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syruf."
Hns been used over fifty years by million* of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It sootJ- '« the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cure* Wind OrMio r^ g .
ulntes the Bowels and is the beit remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sals by Druggists In every
part of the worW. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL PEL. COROXADO-Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. ; Now only $60 by
steamship, v including; fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New r antgomery street. San Francisco.
ACKERS ENGLISH REMEDY IS BEYOND
?t Ue wVu n r, t ,~ Kreatest of all modern remedy.
"*"',,?»? V coue * or col( l immediately or
money back. At no Percentage Pharmacy.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 2. Amoo* th* Bar
rels, 863 Market at.ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Strengthens the
Kj| entire system—
JA Body, Brain and
#tfßftj| Nerves- Relieves
*£&* Stomach Trou-
jggSj I bles.
YIN
MARIAN!
MARIANI WINE.
No other preparation has ever
received so many voluntary testi-
monials from eminent people as the
world-famous Mariani Wine.
Gives Appetite.
Produces Refreshing Sleep,
A SAFEGUARD AGAINST
Mental Diseases.
For overworked men, delicate wo-
men, sickly children, this health-
ful, invigorating and stimulating
tonic has no equal.
POSE— A small wine glass full three times
a day.
All Drupe- j- Avoid Substitutions.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI
& CO.. 52 West ir>th street. New York City,
will be sent, free, book containing portraits
with endorsements of Emperors, Empress,
Princes. Cardinals. Archbishops and other In-
teresting matter.^
Paris— 4l Boulevard Haussmann: London— S3
Mortimer street: Montreal— 2S-30 Hospital street.
THE STEAMER
SAN RAFAEL'S
CLOSE CALL
She Went on the Rocks
at Alcatraz.
PASSENGERS WERE SCARED
BUILDING ON CLIFF NEARLY
WRECKED.
A Break in the Steamer's Steering
Gear Was the Cause of the Acci
dent — Towed Off by the
Tibteron.
The passengers on the first trip of the
ferry steamer San Raf;..-l from Sausalito
gr»t a groat fri^'- yesterday morning.
The steering gear pot out of order, and
In spite of (Torts of captain and
crew the steamer went ashore on Alca
traz. The ferry boat Tiburon passed
along soon aft.-r the San Rafael w<
the rocks and Captain AVhlte, hearing her
signals of distn->. headed in and towed
:'f. By th<- was out of dan
ger the damage to her steering gear had
been repaired and sho was able to pro
ceed to San Francisco without any as
sistance.
The train which connects with the San
Rafael on her first trip leaves San Rafael j
at 5:30 a. m. Passengers were picked up
at all the way stations, and when B
lito was reached th< re were quite a num
ber aboard. Leaving Sausalito the San ;
Rafael had probably most
ly men, in the cabins and on tne forward
deck. It was foggy v the
time Alcatraz was reached the decks were
deserted. Suddenly the beii rang t.) "stop
her" and everybody rushed to the win- ,
dows to look out. There was Aloatraz
right under the starboard bow ai;d the ;
tide Betting the vessel In toward the [
rocks. Everybody was on deck in a mo- )
ni'-nt and for a time all was confusion. !
Captain McKenzio and Chief Officer Trib- |
ble soon satisfied everybody that there
wat» no danger and the excitement sub-
Bided.
By backing and filling Captain McKen
ele did hia best to keep his vessel "ff the
beach, but the Bweep of the tide was too
much for him, and the San Rafaol finally '
took the ground a little north of the
wharf on th<- Island. In doing so she
Struck tho foundation of a house that i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists for Men.
DR. MEYERS & CO. have gained their
high standing and have built up the |
largest practice on the Pacific Coast I
by curing their patients and by honor-
able business dealings.
D^. MEYERS & CO. have the largest and
best-equipped medical Institute in the
West, and have made a special study
of all weakness and diseases of men
for more than seventeen years.
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure contagious blood I
poison and all other disease : of men, '
and restore to perfect health those j
who are weak, pv.ny and debilitated I
from the effects of nervous debility,
excesses, dissipations, indiscretions,
etc., etc. .
NO PAY TILL CURED— Dr. Meyers & Co.
have such faith in their ability to make
quick and lasting cures that they are
willing to have the price of a cure de- ]
posited in any bank in San Francisco, !
the amount NOT to be paid till the j
patient is cured.
MO CHARGE for «ri^^^^^'^__
tients sacredly con- '^S^kop^f/^¥^^%^
fidential. No print- \^jo^^^^^^i^i }
inp on envelopes or fi*%m^s§&^V*sifeg§' j
packages to show j^MV |f^s|§ia& 3r#
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
, 731 Market Street,
£ SAN FRANCISCO.
W Hours,* Bto C dally. <
ITAKEULKVATOK. BreolagS. 7 to 8. <
' Sundays, 9 to 11. : [ I
TEMPERANCE WORKERS MEET.
Thirty-Ninth Annual Convention of the California Grand Lodge,
Independent Order of Good Templars, Now
in Session.
THERE wore MB delegates in their
Beats when Grand Chief Templar
Thpoflore I>. Kanouse called to order
the thirty-ninth session of the Grand
I^odpe of the Independent Order of Good
Templars yesterday in Howard-street
church.
It was the first day of the session and
the time was spent In the preliminary
work of organisation and the reports of
tho various officers Vacancies among
the grand i used by absence were
filled by the chairman. The roll of stand
ing committees was then called and va
cancies were filled as follows:
Commit! eals — J. W. Webb, R.
Thompson and William Slmms.
Laws and usages— D. O. Lacy, F. A.
Anthony and Mrs. A. C. Bucklan.
rge D. Kellogg,
William Harvey and W. 1. Hull.
Juvenile work— Mrs. B. M. North, Ida
Tully and Mrs. Schadt.
Llteratui Professor William Crow-,
hurst, J. V. . Webb and Mrs. Culver.
A commi". ■ Ustribution consisting
Of J. M. Walling, C. W. Eby and William '
Harvey was appointed, ami to it was re
ferred the reports of grand officers, which
were then submitted and read. Reports
were also received from the Superintend
ent of Juvenile Work and from the llnan- j
clal agent of the Orphans' Home.
overhangs the cliff near the prisoners'
quarters and knocked one of the pillar;
away. For a moment it looked as though
the structure would come down on top
of the steamer, but it did not. It was
enough to drive all the passengers from
the forward deck aft, and some of them
were ready to make a landing, thinking
the house would knock a hole in the
steamer.
"Everything 1 worked as usual until we
were nearing Alcatraz," said Captain Mc-
Kenzie yesterday. "Then the tide began
ta^set the steatner l!» toward the island
and I tried to put the helm over so as to
head her out. Then I noticed that the
band on the wheel slipped every time we
used the steam steering gear, so the ves
sel was practically rudderless. I at once
stopped the engines and went astern,
but we could do nothing without the
rudder against the set of the current, so
we went ashore. Shortly afterward the
steamer Tiburon from Tlburon cam.:
along and Captain White came to my as
sistance, He put a line over the stern of
the San Rafael and soon had us in deep
water again. By that time the slack in
the belt had been taken In and our steer-
Ing- gear was once more in working or
der. The steamer is not damaged, as
she went ashore very gently, and a few
dollars' worth of paint will put her in as
good condition as ever. The passengers
were about half an hour late getting to
their work, and that was the extent of
their sufferings."
It was lucky that it was perfectly calm
yesterday morning or the San Rafael
would not r have fared so well. Had there
been any sea on she would have been
stove in and seriously damaged. As it
was everything, save the fog. was In her
favor. Had the ferry-boat been a double
ender she would never have gone ashore,
as it would have been an easy thing to
fasten up the disabled rudder and have
steered her from the other end. How
ever, all is well that ends well, and the
San Rafael is now running as though no
accident had ever happened.
The O. and O. Company's steamer Gae
lic did not get away for the Orient yes
terday until 3 p. m., or two hours late.
She is crowded with freight and passen
gers and will have to refuse to take any
on at Honolulu. The delay was caused
by the non-arrival of sailors from Mare
Island who are going to the fleet at Ma
nila. They came down on the Govern
ment tug 'Vigilant, but owing to some
misunderstanding they did not reach the
Mail dock until 3 p. m. The sailors are to
take the place of time-expired men who
have no desire to remain in the Philip
pines, now the war Is over.
Among the cabin passengers was J. W.
Welch. ex-Mayor of Stockton, who was
accompanied by hiss wife and threedaugn
t'-rs. They are going to make a tour of
the world' and will probably be away a
year.
Tho British ship Lord Ripon from Ta
coma for Cork, has arrived at Queens
town. She was caught in a gale and had
a terrible time of it during the passage.
She was thrown on her beam ends and
her cargo shifted. The after bolts of the
main dock bridge and the stanchions were
smashed, and the forctopgallant mast
carried away.
There w;:s a Slight accident <>n the belt
railroad yesterday morning. Some cars
wore being put on the si'Hner and the en
gine gave them too much of an impetus.
In consequence one of them went clean
over the bumper and crashed through a
telegraph pole, bringing the wires down
in n heap. It took over an hour to repair
Captain T>. Q. Haven of tho pleasure
vachi Sappho denies that his boat was
becalmed in the bay on Saturday night.
He =tates that his yacht was back at its
moorings on time. Captain Haven had
' board a number of ladies and gentle
men and the Washington Volunteers'
band. _ __
Opening of the Mission Zoo.
Glen Park, better known as "The Mis
sion Zoo," Is to be formally opened next
Sunday as a public place of amusement. It
onsists of about 14-", acres of land admir
ibly adapted for the purpose to which its
Owners a private corporation, have de
-idedto devote it. Situated on the line of
he San Francisco and Ban Mateo Elcc
ric Railroad, the park can be reached In
'our minutps from the transfer point at
L'hirtk-th street and San Jose avenue.
The principal attractions on the opening
lav will be Professor C. W. Vosraer'a at
',' n.Pt to cross a < ;i nyon 1000 feet in width
,n a tight wire 300 feet above the ground.
l concert by the Fourth United States
'avalrv Band and a balloon ascension and
Jarachute descent. In addition to these
eatures there will be swings, traveling
•ings maypole*, donkeys and other mc
l urns of amusement for children, and a
•"11-stocked menagerie and aviary. The
rice of admission Is to be 10 cents, with
ut extra charge for enjoying any of the
aried attractions.
Herman Oelrichs' Legacy.
The First National Bank, as assignee or
Jerman Oelrichs. has petitioned the Su
erior Court for the payment of the legacy
ue Herman Oelrichs from the estate of
ames G. Fair. The legacy is one of $50.
00 and tho petitioner alleges that there
9 now in tho hands of the executors of.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1898.
Tt was decided that during the session
the morning meetings should open at 9
o'clock and close at 12; tho afternoon
meetings should open at 2 o'clock and
close at 5.
Twenty-five new members were admit
ted into the Grand Lodge degree, and
then the session adjourned until the open
exercises to be held in the evening.
In the evening a reception and enter
tainment was tendered the delegates, it
consisted mainly of good temperance
les by prominent workers In the
cans.. Rev. J. A. IS. Wilson was eliair
man of the evening, and after a prayer
by Grand Chaplain Wright and an or
gan prelude by James Hamilton Huwo
he made a brief address. H>> called at
tention lirst to the large number of Good
Templars in the country and the work
have done, but the field is large, he
said, and more workers are required. Mr.
Wilson is a warm advocate of woman's
suffrage, and alluded to It many times in
the Fair estate .sufficient funds to pay the
full amount of the obligation, without in
jury to the estate.
■ ♦ .
A PALATIAL ESTABLISHMENT.
M. A. Gunst & Co.'s New Wholesale
and Retail Store Opens
To-Day.
This morning M. A. Gunst & Co. will
open their new wholesale and retail
store at 23 Kearny street. For some
time past they have conducted their
wholesale business at 203 Kearny street,
but their business has grown so rap
idly that the quarters there was wholly
inadequate for the transaction of their
business.
More room being necessary, the
premises. No. 23 Kearny street, were
secured. ■ Many weeks have been spent
in fitting the place up and no expense
has been spared. As a result the pub
lic will find an establishment that is
palatial in its appointments and per
fect In its arrangement. It can be
confidently asserted that there is not
another cigar and tobacco store in the
country that surpasses or even equals
this new establishment.
The ground floor is devoted exclu
sively to the retail department and
to the offices of the company.
The woodwork is all solid mahogany,
the front portion of the ceiling of the
same wood, handsomely paneled. The
rear of the celling, as well as the walls,
are handsomely frescoed. Elegant
plate glass show cases, brass finishings
and beautiful electric light fixtures, all
in harmony with the general finish of
the store, complete an interior that is
rich and artistic In the extreme, one
that would be difficult to excel.
The wholesale department is located
in the basement, and everything here
is arranged with a view of transacting
all business in the most expeditious
manner possible.
Taken all in all, the new establish
ment, besides being all that is rich and
beautiful, Is also a model one in every
particular, and the house is to be con
gratulated upon its enterprise, which
has added to this city's mercantile es
tablishments one that can be pointed to
with pride by every resident of the Pa
cific Coast metropolis.
. ♦ •
FLOOD MANSION ACCEPTED.
The Formal Transfer Made to the
Board of Regents.
The University Regents held a short
meeting in the Hopkins Institute building
yesterday afternoon.
A number of books offered the univer
sity by T. Ilenshaw Ward were accepted
with thanks.
J. A. Rowland and J. A. de Cane wero
elected instructors in L.atin.
The committee appointed to confer with
Miss Cora Jane Flood upon her mag
nificent gift to the university reported
that it had callexl upon her on the 3d of
this month and orally expressed the ap
preciative acknowledgments of the Re
gents for the endowment. The committee
delivered to her the following letter
scrolled on silver:
PRESIDENT'S OFFICE.
I'niverKity of California,
BERKELEY. Kept. 13, IS'JS.
Miss Cora Jane Flood— T>f>ar Madam: On be
half of the Regents we thank you most heartily
for ynur mnKnificent gift to the University of
California announced to-day. We appreciate
it for Ita great value, for its hiph purpone—
commercial education being in the line of the
must recent and most -beneficial university ex
pansion—for its freedom from hampering condi
tions and ns being the spontaneous exprsadon
of your own generous anil brotnl impulse to
benefit the State of California. And we rejoice
thai this noble gift will not only bring to your
self lasting honor, hut will also perpetuate the
name of your father, so long the esteemed
treasurer of the university. Yours very re-
Bpectfully. JAMES H. BUDD,
Governor of the State of California;
MARTIN KELLOGO,
President of the University of California;
ARTHUR RODC.ICRS.
Committee.
The formal conveyance of the property
was then presented and accepted and a
resolution that the Flood mansion be al
ways painted white in deference to the
wishes of Miss Flood was also adopted.
Regents Hallidie, Rodgers and John E.
i'.uriil were appointed a permanent com
mittee on the Flood endowment.
The, committee on tho resignation of
President Kellogg moved that it be ac
cepted to take effect on October 23, 1893,
and that Mr. Kellogg be made emeritus
professor of L,atin. The matter was laid
over until the next meeting.
. m "
The Governor's Watches.
Excitement waxed high over the con
test for the watches donated by Gover
nor Budd and staff at St. Patrick's Fair
on Mission street last night. The watches
are handsome specimens of workmanship
the course of his address.
The next speaker was Mayor Phelan,
who, after welcoming the delegates,
launched into a little temperance speech
of his own.
The Mayor used the old saw that j
"Peace has her victories," and said he j
believed the Good Templars had won vic
tories as great as those of Santiago or I
Manila, but they kept on fighting just
the sar- > The great register shows
sixty <? rent nationalities, and as peo- i
pie consider that they bave a ri^ht to
enjoy life us tiny please it is almost Im
possible to lcg-islate against the liquor
traffic. The moral suasion used by the i
Good Templars he considered the only :
' moans of lessening or eradicating the
great evil.
Mr. Phelan'a speech was responded to
by the Him. George Kanouse, Grand
Chief Templar, on Behalf of the organ
ization, who warmly acquiesced In all Mr.
Phelan had said, and expressed a hope
that a better San Francisco with fewer
I far away. Mrs. Dorcas
er. State secretary of the \v. C. T.
r., made an address on behalf of the
W. c T. 1.. which \\;.s responded to by
.1. M. Walling in a lining manner.
Mrs. E. M. North spoke for the youth of
the city; Mrs. Belinda Bailey in behalf
of the <;. A. X.. and George l». K<
made th-- response to Mrs. Bailey's ad- |
Musical numbers were rendered i
by Miss Meunata Vermont-Vajfi Pelt,
Miss i •' !i:: Van Pelt, Mrs. George
Knell, Mrs. W. S. Morse and Miss Flor
ence Smith. At the conclusion ;iil arose
and sang "America." The convention will
resume its sessj ins ut 9:80 this morning.
and are to be awarded one to the lady
and one to the gentleman who receives
the highest number of votes for popular
ity. The markers were kept on the jump
changing the figures on the large boards
which Indicate the status of the contest
ants, and the various contingents hustled
right and left in an effort to get their
favorite at the head of the list. Last
evening St. Anthony's booth entertained,
and this evening St. Patrick's booth will
follow suit. Among the prominent num
bers on the programme last evening was
a series of reel?, ji^s and fancy dances
given by the little pupils of O'Connor &
Keller's dancing school.
AN ERROR CORRECTED.
Expert Wright Informs the Grand
Jury of a Slight Change in His
Ferry Depot Report.
G. Alexander Wright, who acted as ex- I
pert for the Grand Jury in the investiga
tion of the ferry depot building frauds,
has sent the following communication to
the Grand Jury:
To John Dempster McKeo Esq., Chairman
of Committee on State Officers— Dear Sir: I
respectfully ask permission to withdraw from
my report of September 1.".. 1898, the matter
stated under variation No. 10 in the carpenter
work for the following reasons, viz:
It has recently come to my knowledge that
all the wood partitions referred to therein were
actually prepared by the contractor and were
in reality all ready to be put Into place at
the time the Honorable Board of Harbor Com
missioners decided to leave them out and to
substitute the wrought iron partitions as cxc- !
cuted.
That being so th« wood material prepared
by the carpenter contractor was of little or no
value and the only allowance that could
reasonably be expected was the labor in put
ting the partitions into place.
For this the contractor consented to a re
duction of $17». and which I consider to be a
fairly reasonable sum to allow for the omis
sion.
At the time of making- my report I hnd no
knowledge of these exceptional circumstances,
but I am now *lad to be able to mak>- this
explanation and In order to ho absolutely fair
to all I desire, with your permission, to cor
rect the statements which have appeared In
flip public preps In regard to this particular
Item. Respectfully yours,
O. ALEXANDER WRIGHT.
NOTHING FOB, HIS WIFE.
Edwin Poleman Bequeaths His Es-
tate to His First Child.
The will of Rdwin Poloman, who diod
on the 6th Inst., was filed for probate
yesterday. The deceased makes a rather
eccentric disposal of an estate valued at
$7000. To his wife he bequeaths nothing,
and to a prospective child but 11.
The reason for this Poleman sets forth
in his will, which reads: "I give, devise. |
and bequeath nil the property of which
I may die seized or possessed to my child
now living. Edwin PnU man, except
the sum of $1. which 1 bequeath to any
child that m;ty be born of my wife, Clara
Puleman. within the next seven months.
and mnke no other or further bequests !
to any such child that may be born !
within said seven months for the reason
that I recopnize no other child except
Edwin Poleman, above named, but <lis
tlnctly hereby bequeath said sum of $1 j
to any such child that may be born In \
order to distinctly provide for and men- i
tion such child in my will."
The will bears date of July 30, IRO4, and
the unborn child referred to in the will
is now 3 years of agre, and as It i? Riven
but $1 and its mother cut off without
one cent a content is expected.
CAPTAIN" NEVILLS' LETTERS.
They Were Too Obscene to Be Bead
Before the Reporters and He
Was Held for Trial.
The preliminary examination of Cap
tain W. A. Nevills, charged with sending
obscone letters to Mrs. Elsie Williams of
FroFiin, was held yesterday morning be
fore United States Commissioner Heacock,
sitting as a committing magistrate. By
request of Thomas P. Rlordan, counsel
for the deff-ndant. and by consent of
United States Attorney Foote, members
of the press were debarred from the room,
on the ground that the letters abounded
In phrases so obscene that even the hard
ened reporters would be shocked. This
■tar-chamber proceeding Is without prece
dent in a criminal case.
Mis. Williams I. stifled as to the receipt
of the letters and Identified the handwrit
inp as that of the millionaire captain.
The defendant was hold to answer, with
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
tit, vrapyjfc
bonds in the sum of $WOO. The required
bonds were furnished by H. "Wadsworth
and William Lewis and the aged prisoner
was discharged.
AN M. P.'S OPINION.
Hon. Lan Malcom Gratified at the
Entente Cordiale.
Lan Malcom, M. P., representing- one of
the large agricultural districts of Eastern
England, is at the Palace. He has just
come from the Omaha Exposition, with
which he was greatly pleased.
"After spending a few days at Monte
rey." he said last evening, "I phall make
a visit to the Governor General of Canada.
at Ottawa, going thence to X<-w York, as
the place in which to witness the close of
your present political campaign. 1 am
more especially Interested in watching the
outcome of Mr. Roosevelt's nomination.
From New York I go to Jamaica, where I
have some Interests. I shall return here in
December on my way to India, where I go
to visit Viceroy Curzon.
"I am delighted with this country, and
can hardly wonder at the ease with which
you conquered Spain.
"I am much gratified, too. to observe
the growing good feeling between this
country and England; and I feel sure that
nineteen-twentlctha of my countrymen
have the same sentiment. The existence
of this sentiment needs no documentary
ratification— it is better, in fact, without
it. Everywhere Igo in this country I am
treated with the greatest courtesy; and I
appreciate it greatly."
St. Dominic's Fair.
A large portion of the debt incurred by
the Durchase of the magnificent organ re
cently placed in St. Dominic's Church will
be liquidated by the proceeds of {he pres
ent fair now being held -or that purpose.
Among the articles to be raffled is a
handsome painting of St. Francis of As
sisi by one of the old masters; a road
cart, a hand-painted china set and a
number of expensive fancy articles. A
fox. captured by the Dominican students
at Little Geysers, was placed on exhibi
tion last night and was the object of
much interest.
The little newspaper published every
. vcning, which gives accounts of the in
cidents and happenings within the fair
inclosure, hns v large subscription. Its
staff is as follows: Miss Annie A. Kelly.
editor; Edward J. Dollard. manager;
Very Rev. Fr. Newell, O. P., treasurer;
Miss Louise Freeze, Dan Callahan, John j
Gilmore. Hugh McGinness, Robert Dol
lard, James Lewis and Chester A. Kelly,
reporters.
To Issue $1,000,000 Bonds.
The board of directors of the Stockton
and Tuolumne County Railroad Company
filed a certificate with the County Clerk
day, recording the fact that at a
special meetlnjj of the stockholders of the
company, held August 8, the issuance of
bonds to the extent of Sl.ooo.onn. payable
forty years after date and bearing interest
at the rate of 6 per c.-nt a year, was au
thorized. The vote for the issuance of the
bonds was carried by stockholders holding
7301 shares of the corporation, the holders
of but live shares dissenting.
Buy wallpaper X window sh&dea at Clark's,
C 53 Market. Country orders solicited. •
Death of James Nevins.
The death Is noted in Vallejo of James
Nevins, who was well known in this city.
At one time he was prominently connected
with the United States Mint and Custom
house, and was a close personal friend of
Senator A. A. Sargent and Hon. 'ioorge
C. Curham. The fuenral will take place
to-morrow In Vallejo.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Save |
Kf cts a /> ££
& r Uoffee
$£\ cts a T ¥ T r* i
\\JT 1 tA|
AND GET A
J|i6 Present Pree
With Every Pound
AT
Qreat American Importing [jo.'si
MONEY SAVING STORES
861 Market st., oppo- 335 Hayee st.
site- Powell st. 2510 Mission st.
MO Sixth st. 1419 Polk St.
706 Larkln st. 218 Third st.
14tf Ninth at. 3006 Sixteenth st.
DO6 Kearny st. 200S Flllmore st.
ISI9 Devlsadero st. 1190 Kentucky st.
S2S:> Mission st. 521 Montgomery aye.
52 Market st.
OAKLAND STORES.
10. r .3 Washington st. 616 East Twelfth st.
917 BroaJway. 1510 Seventh st.
131 San Pablo aye. 1355 Park st., Alameda.
0 Street, near Fourth, San Rafael.
Write for Catalogue.
i GOOD COOKS |
j HAVE USED IT I
j > FOR SO YEARS g
piston!
I ¥ y AND _ " «l I
MERRILL'S i
! X PERFECTLY PURE^p g
J ONCE TRIED ■
ALWAYS USED
LrgnrfTT ■(■ MDOI tacaiui irr-rr-i vsxmxmM
I Mighty Little Prices !
I Are These for Agateware I
'•■ And the Agntewnre is of the best, •?■
<* : AH Genuine. T
1 3 -quart Coffee P0t5 ........ 25c I
15-quart1 5-quart Tea Kettles. .... . . 60c I
14-quart1 4-quart Covered Saucepans 300 i
1 14-quart Dishpans 45c |
I WILL & FINGK CO., I
X 818-820 Market St., S. F. <§>
000 oooooooooooa
S w PALACE
ZGRAND hotels o
SAM FRANCISCO. X
™ Connected by a covered passageway. T*
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. **
O All Under One Management. - O
f) HOTK THE PRICES: Q
_. European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward A
P American Plan.sB.OO per day and upward %■
n . Correspondenc* ; Solicited. " A
q JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICS, Maaagti. a
qjd a oooOoe a o o q a ouolo
ladies' white muslin drawers— made
by San Francisco women==on sale
to-day==two styles==take your choice
==two bits !
Xgggs^v 70 doz. ladies' white
*k\. i muslin drawers,
vlk made by the Wo-
J It men's White Labor
/-*/^*\ Sewing company in
ro^?^' two different styles
fe^ J£ (as illustrated), one
yL^k w '*h two tucks and
|flV ! \\\ 2^-inch embroidery
|| |rt ruffle on bottom ;
L U the other with 4
h^^^J tucks, deep hem on
faWjt&k bottom, trimmed
nj^K~^ with finishing braid,
"s■-ss/ well and
W ■ strong I y /IP"
20& made ; your fJSCj
choice .... ■**'''
Sal 6 Hemmed, good quality
muslin, 2-inch hem at
r\f top; torn, not cut; all
ready for use; fit any bed
cVIPPtc you have in the house.
Slice U> Sing]e beds> ,i,-; c . three-
quarter beds, 40c each; ordinary
full size, 44c; extra large, 40c
each.
Sheets of heavy muslin, not cut, but
hand torn, 2-inch hem, all sizes; big
values.
54x90 63x90 72x90 81x90 90x90
35c 40c 45c 50c 55c
Sheets, hemmed, extra heavy, mus-
lin, equal to Wamsutta, many
housewives say; hand torn, not cut;
all sizes with 2-inch hem.
63x90 72x90 81x90 90x90
45c 50c 55c 60c
Crib Sheets, 45x63^, 27 l-2c Ea.
Crib Sheets, 54x63^, 27 l-2c Ea.
(All displayed in our windows.)
cala Hemmed. handkerchief
acllD border, 2-Inch hem, hand
of torn, not cut.
.„ 45x36 50x36 54x36
pillOW 7 1-2 c f>c lOc
_____ Another lot, hemmed,
Cclbfc/i> fi ne muslin, 3%-inch sa-
teen border; hand torn, not cut; dry
ironed, ready for use.
42x36 each lOc
Extra large. 54x36 each 12 l-2c
Hemstitched cases, fine quality
muslin, 2-inch hem; hand torn, not
cut; ready for use.
Size 45x36 15c each
Size 50x36 17c each
Size 54x36 19c each
937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 94T Market St.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN_THEATER.
A NIGHTLY OVATION!
Henry Arthur Jones 1 Great Drama, the
"THE
DANCING
GIRL."
As Presented by the
FRAWLEY CO.
3LANCHE BATES in her superb Interpreta-
tion of the Quakeress.
FRATVLET PRICES— 2Sc. 50c, 75c and 11.
ALL. THIS WEEK. Including Sunday.
*tl'~>n the SATURDAY.
AAVI^Y PWCBB- 18c, BOc, Tsc and It.
A, THIS WEEK. Inelu.linK Sunday.
MATINEE SATfRDAY.
NEXT WEEK— Augustln Daly's Comedy
-LOVE IX HARNESS." /
COLUMBIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK— NIGHTS OF
NANCE O'NEIL
And the McKEE RANKIN CO.
Production of Paolo Glacemettt's Romantic
Historical Drama,
"ELIZABETH,
QUEEN OF ENGLAND."
s'ext Monday— MATHEWS AND BULGER In
the Rag Time Opera,
♦BY THE SAD SEA WAVES."
THE ALHAMBRA.
CorneT Eddy and Jones sts.
rry Jackson Sole Manager
Telephone South 435.
THE ARTISTS: THE PRICES:
iobert Downing. A** r* 4-
Kiss Daisy Hamlin. \\J L>eillS.
reo. C. Boniface and !
. Nonna Ferner. .a rr ri rtl ,i p
The Queen of Light. ;10 \J C II L b »
Will S. Rising & Co.
liloreland, Thompson Off P/vnfe
and Roberts. AD \jVlltb.
tti33 Lillian Smith.
ThßOlifans. 50 Cents -
rord and Lewis. QU L b,
alcazar BEATS BY PHONE
AIiUAZAK Main 254.
'AS PLEASING AS EVER!"
k PLEASING AS EVER!"
First Time at Our Prices,
15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
3elasco and De Mllle's Fascinating Play In
Four Acts,
THE—
WIFE!—
ONLY MATINEE SATURPAT.
■Text Week, David Belasco's Romantic Drama,
MAY BLOSSOM.
fIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
ilr». Ernestine Kreltng. Proprietor and Manager.
EVERY EVENING. .
THE COMIC OPERA SEASON.
THE BIG SHOW.
The Merry Operatic - Fantasia,
"THE
CIRCUS QUEEN!"
GREAT CAST.
New Scenery- Superb Costume*. ■
Appropriate Accessories. Brilliant Light Effects
rUN Fast and Furious. , •'.
MUSlC— Melodious and Catchy.
DANCES— and Novel.
Grand Matinee Saturday at 2p. m. «
'opular Price* 26c and SOo
i N. B. — Reserved seats for the Matinee, 20c.
- Our Telephone, Bush : 3. -;-;. .:"V;
15 doz. ladies' fas- 4&&
cinators of fine isßsb
zephyr yam, shell t|_>E
pattern, with tassel y^^-^\
on end, colors white, -<_*\
pink, blue, red, /^T^n^\
black, take /*rm //\ I \
| your pick 25C \S>^iJ
ear| y vv * WilC
| 5 doz. infants' deli- I/ '! } \
cate eiderdown I | ]
i sacques of best I L-«f
quality, fleecy, fluffy
eiderdown, with turn- — W^^/f
down collar, crochet W&tjg •
edge all ["A f^
'roundoncol- |Ib{ !?*__
j lar and cuffs VVW (f^
now Ladies' navy blue and
m black, kersey box front,
lacketS tallor stitched. silk
J serge lined, three strap
! seams down back and <tft \i\
\ over cuffs; sizes 32x44 vPO.vJvr
n6W Of storm serge, with a
136-inch sweep, seven-
all-WOOI g or ed percaline lined,
an wuui velvet bound . colors,
Skirts navy blue and black;
ox-ii to good fitting in CX
i all sizes v£J
millinery JSf. "- v °£ trim-
attractions s fa cy all 1%
ponpons and ornaments... 4^3
Large silk velvet hats trimmed in
black, half plumes, French <$i(\
beads and velvet ribi»on... *+»"
Fine wool felts, elegantly trimmed
in fancy cocque, rib- C^^% c;/\
bon and jet stick pins ■4»_!r«Cj»\J
ribbon Our special leader in sta-
pie ribbons go on sale
Sal 6 to-day in light shades
(no black); a good heavy
all silk, satin and grosgrain ribbon.
Nos. 2, 5, 7, 9, 12, 16, 22, 40
2^o, sc, 6e, 70, 80, 10c, 12 ' 2 e, 200
, >'•% per r *.
UDDer French crepe paper,
FF V green, blue and yellow
bazar (120-inch rolls) 5c
ua-ai Bicycle playing
cards 1 2c
One pound tin vaseline 25c
Poudre de riz face p0wder.. .... 15c
Colgate's antiseptic dental pow-
der 15c
Note size writing tablet, sxB, 210
leaves Sc
Cedar wood lead pencil, rubber tips,
dozen Sc
Scented glycerine soap (3 cakes In
a box) 15c
AMUSEMENTS.
*» alter Mokosco, Sole Lessee aud Manager
Third Successful Week of the Popular Actor.
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Magnificent Production of the Great English
Melodrama.
"THE. LIGHTS O' LONDON!"
Strong and Exciting Plot. -
Augmented Cast and New Faces.
Great London Bridge Scene.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Callery, . . ioc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
MATINEE TO=DAT(Wed.), Oct. 12.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony, 10c: children.
10c. any part.
THE TALK OF THE CITY TO-DAY
MISS MARY NORMAN, Society Caricaturist.
HOWARD'S COMEDY PONIES, Funniest
Equine Act In the World.
JOHNSON AND DEANE. King and Queen of
Colored Aristocracy.
MR. AND MRS. R. J. DUSTAN AND COM-
PANY In Great New Hit "Bella's Baby."
CAWTHORNE AND FORRESTER, Big
Laughing Hit. "A Damage Suit."
LEW HAWKINS, MULVEY AND INMAN,
THE BIOGRAPH. CARPOS BROTHERS,
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
COMEDY THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY 'and
SATURDAYand SUNDAY at 2 P.M.
SOUVENIR PRESENTS FOR LADIES AND
CHILDREN.
23 cents to All Parts. Gallery. 15 cents.
All Reserved Without Extra Charge.
TO-NIGHT.
THE
JOSSEY-MARVIN COMPANY
-IN THE—
SIGNAL"L!BERTY!
Secure Seats Now While You Can.
l.'c, 25c, 35c and We.
Seats— Comedy Theater and 710 Market street.
MONDAY NIGHT,
CLEVER CLARA THROPP.
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY!
GLEN PARK— the Mission Zoo.
GRAND OPENING SUNDAY, OCT. 16.
CAN HE DO IT?
PROFESSOR J. WILLIAMS, the World-Re-
nowned High Wire Athlete,
Will attempt the hazardous andi unprecedented
feat of walking a wire cable 1000 feet in length
across Glen Park > Canyon 300 feet above the
ground for a wager of $300.
GRAND BALLOON ASCENSION AND PARA-
CHUTE DESCENT.
Concert commencing at 12 o'clock by th»
Fourth Cavalry Bund. 20 pieces, mounted.
MORRO CASTLE, Full of Interesting Animals.
Children's Playground. Free to All.
Plenty of Swings and Seesaws and other at-
tractions. Take Mission or Valencia st. cars
and transfer at Fourteenth to San Mateo line,
or take But ter-Bt. cars and transfer at Harri-
son st.
Admission 10c; no further charge..
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. During
the Winter Season. .
ADMISSION 10; - - - - CHILDREN 5o
— Bathing, with admission. 25c: children, too.
, DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
RLOOD.LIVER.LUMGS; :
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Stlrer declined.
Wheat continues to lmprov*.
liarley dull
Oats steady. Corn lower.
Hay rather easier.
Bran and Middlings firm.
Flour unchanged.
Beans and Seeds unaltered.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter and Eggs quiet.
Poultry in good supply.
Game arrives in bad condition.
Wine Grapes continue to advance.
Orchard fruits dull.
Melons still drag.
Dried Fruits quiet.
Provisions dull and weak.
Hops firm. Wool and Hides dull.
Hogs a fraction higher again.
Merchandise quotations unaltered.
Shipment of $25,619 to China.
BANK OF CALIFORNIA.
The thirty-fourth annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Bank of California was held
yesterday. Upward of 20,000 shares of the 30.000
shares of capital stock were represented. The
money movement for the year was ?576.276,828,
ehowlng an average of 173.023,069 for each
month. This is considerably larger than in
any previous year. The total for the previous
year was $511,747,042. or a monthly average of
i 67.64:-.557. The exchange transactions for the
past year amounted to $71,706,879 and the re
ceipts of bullion $641,540. These totals show an
Increase of $6,974,767 and $194,590 respectively.
The amount to the credit of depositors has
been unusually large, reaching its highest
point lost July, with a total of $12,400,000.
The earnings for the year were as follows:
Interest $602,283 82
Exchange 129.355 03
Rents of bank building: 1400 00
Gross earnings $734,038 35
The net earnings were $370,698 and $360,000 wo*
paid In dividends
The condition of the bank on the Ist of Oo
tober, 1898, as per the secretary's balance sheet,
was as follows:
Assets — I 4.252.261 21
Cash I 4.252.261 21
Bills receivable 8.it77.544 13
Bank building 250,000 00
Other real estate 325,755 63
Stocks and bonds 2.303,603 41
Due from banks 2,335, 661 46
Life insurance 54.546 06
Miscellaneous 244.551 3S
Total $15.676,923 27
Liabilities—
Capital paid I 3.(«X),f'00 00
Surplus 1,000,000 00
Profit and loss 2.163.651 41
Dividends unpaid 1.401 00
Deposits 9.699,553 54
Due banks 2,422,414 60
Acceptances 324.692 72
Exchange reserve 65,000 00
Total $18,678,923 27
The election resulted In the return of the
old board, as follows: William Alvord, James
M Allen. William Babcook. Charles R. Bishop,
Antoine Borel, Adam Grant. H. H. Hewitt. Ed
ward W. Hopkins, Meyer Lewis. Jacob Stern
and George Whittell.
William Alvord was re-elected president for
th* twentieth time. Charles R. Bishop was
elected vice-president. The other officers
were reappolnted, as follows: Thomas Brown,
cashier; S. Prentiss Smith, assistant cashier;
Irving F. Moulton Jr.. second assistant cashier;
Allen M. Clay, secretary.
The usual quarterly dividend of $3 p»r share
■was declared payable on, the lEth. This divi
dend amounts to $s«0.000.
TREABURE SHIPMENT.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of only
$25,61?, consisting of $23,174 in Mexican dollars
and $2445 In gold coin.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO, October 11. 1898, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 62. Fresno 82, Los Angeles 78, Red
Bluff 80. San Luis Oblspo 88. Ban Diego 63,
Sacramento SO. Independence S2, Tuma 94.
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature ;
66. minimum 54, mean 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure Is highest off the northwest !
coast of California and lowest In Southern Ari- :
zona. The pressure has risen over the Pacific
Slope and fallen over the Rocky Mountain re- i
gion.
The temperature changes have been slight in
all districts. The temperature is about 80 de- i
grees in the Interior valleys of California tKs ;
evening.
The weather Is cloudy In Washington. Ore
gon. Idaho and the northern portions of Ne
vada and Utah. It Is partly cloudy along the
Northern California coast. Elsewhere It Is
clear.
Light rain has fallen over Washington, Ore
p. r.. Idaho, Western Montana and along the
extreme northwest coast of California.
Conditions are favorable for continued fair
weather Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 12, 1S98:
Northern California— Partly cloudy along the
coast, fair In the Interior Wednesday; fresh
northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy: cooler Wednesday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Wednesday; fresh northwest wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals— Partly clou Jy,
\rlnd northwest. 25 miles; temperature 62. maxi
mum temperature 67. G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11— The bears had hard
work to make a living In to-day's stock mar
ket, notwithstanding great diligence and per
eerverance. The majority 'of the standard
stocks offered a very firm resistance to the ef
forts to effect a reaction, and the number of
stocks In which any notable price movement
could be obtained was very small. The Indus
trail specialties were the only stocks on the
list that showed any disposition to move wide
ly. It was a room traders market and the
motives which Impelled these generally to buy
and sell stock were probably beyond the un
initiated to fathom.
For Instance, it was ascertained by some oc
cult reasoning or Information that the recent
borrowing demand for Sugar certificates was
for account, of sellers of long stock, who wished
to conceal their operations, and not at all, as
would naturally be supposed, of the bears who
tad sold short and had to borrow stock for de
livery. A fall in the borrowing premium of
the certificate*, because the sellers had re
turned the borrowings, served to disclose this
wily proceeding to the short turn stock gam
blers, and th.ey hastened to put out short lines
of Sugar with a resulting fall in the price of
nearly 2 points. Later in the day these sapient
speculators bought back what they had sold.
The reason adduced for selling the Rubber
stocks was a report that a recently discovered
substitute for rubber was about to be exploited
by a new corporation. Tobacco ranged over
nearly 6 points with no news to account for It.
The coalers, which are a perpetual target for
bear hammering, were raided down from 1 to
2 per cent on the general depression in the
Anthracite industry and other specialties were
subjects of individual treatment. Then man
euvers of the professional bears had aston
ishingly little influence on railroad stocks. The
demand for these secuerities was small, but
there was no disposition to sell. There was a
subsidence of apprehension over Anglo-French
relations. Rentes rose sharply.
The bond market was dull and easier with
the exception of a few gilt-edged Issues. Total
sales. $1,670,000. !
Government bonds were unchanged In the
bid price. v v "-■< -/• ••'
There were sales of 3s coupons at 105%.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 293,300
shares, including: Atchleon preferred. 6305; Bur
lington, 8342; Lake Erie and Western preferred,
3477; Manhattan, £805; Northern Pacific, 26,
070; Rock Island, 5920; Union Pacific, 3829;
Union Pacific preferred, 4008; St. Paul, 11.383;
Tobacco, 34,150; Chicago and Great Western.
4225; People's Gap, 6075; Sugar, 92,480; Leather
preferred, 6770; Rubber, 4696.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12Vi|Bt P M & M 165
Do prefd 82% So Pacific 23
Baltimore & Ohio 44% So Railway 8%
Canada Pacific .. 83% Do prefd 33%
Canada Southern. 62% Texas & Pacific. 12%
Central Pacific .. 24% ! Union Pacific .... 31K
Ches & Ohio 21%; Do prefd 64%
Chi & Alton 182 VP D & G/. 2
Chi B & Q 113% Wabash 7%
Chi & E 111 53% : Do prefd 20
Do prefd 105 i Wheel & L E.... 3%
C C C & St L.... 3914! Do prefd 19
Do prefa 83 I Express Companies —
Del & Hudson... 103% i Adams Ex 110
Del L & W 148*41 American Ex .... 130
Den & H G 13 United States .... 40
Do prefd 53% Wells Fargo 120
Erie (new) 13 Miscellaneous-
Do Ist prefd.... 33% A Cot Oil »5
Fort Wayne 121 Doprefd 86
Gt Nor prefd..... 134% Amn Spirit* ..... 11%
Hocking Valley .. 3% Do prefd 33
Illinois Central .. 109 Am Tobacco 120%
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Do pre^ 118
Do prefd 63% People's Gas 103%
Lake Shore 192% Cons Gas ......... 168
Louis & Nash — 63% Com Cable C 0.... 179
Manhattan L .... £2% Col F & Iron 20%
Met St Ry 163% Do prefd 80
Mich Central 106 Gen Electric 79
Minn & St L 28% Illinois Steel 90
Do Ist prefd.... 88% Laclede Gas 47
Mo Pacific 32 Lead 31%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27 Doprefd ........ 108
Mo X & T 10% Nat Lin Oil 2%
Do prefd 30% Haw Com Co .... 83%
Chi Ind & L 8 Pacific Mall 32
Do prefd 29% Pullman Palace... 190
X J Central 68% Silver Certificates 61
N T Central ..... H4'/b Stand R &VT.....& V T..... 6
N T Chi &St L. 13 Sugar 109%
Do Ist prefd..,. 60 Do prefd ........ 106 j
S>» la prtrd..... 81 IT C & Iron h^
Nor West 13 tV S Leather ..... 6
No Amer Co 6 Do pretM *3%
No Pacific 38% U S Rubber 36%
Do prefd 74% Do prefd 100%
Ontario <& W 15 West Union 90%
Or R & Nay 63 C& N W 1294
Or Short Line 26 Do prefd 175
Pittsburg 169 St L& 8 W 4>&
Reading 17 Do prefd 10%
Do Ist prefd.... 39% R G W 27
Rock Island 100 Do prefd 66
St Loul«> "■ S F.. 74 Chi G W 13%
Do Ist prefd.... 63 Brooklyn R T.... 63%
Do M prefd.... 30 Pac C Ist prefd... 80
St Paul 1064 Do 2d prefd.... 60
Do prefd 155% Minn Iron 124
Do prefd 157 I Intl Paper C 0.... 53%
St P & Om 784 Do prefd 864
CLOSING BONDS.
LTL T S 3s 1054 N J C 5s 114%
U S new 4s reg.... 127 N Carolina 6a 122
Do coup 127 Do 4s 103
VS 4s 11l N Pac Ist* 116%
Do coup 11l Do 3s 66%
Do 2ds 99 Do 4s 1004
U 6 us reg 1124 N T C A St L 4s. 104
..Do 5s coup 1124 Nor & W 6s 123
District 3, 66s 1174 Nortthwrtm cons. 142%
Ala class A 108 Do deb 5s 118
Do B 108 O NaY lsts 113
Do C 105 O Nay 4s 99
Atchlson 4a 934 O S Line 6s tr.. 1274
Do adj 4s 70% O S Line 5s tr.... 107
Can So 2ds IOBVS Pacific 6s of 95... 102%
Chi Term 4s 89% Heading 4« 81%
C & Ohio 5s 116 II K"W lets 88
I C H & D 4%5.... 104% Bt L & I M C is. 97%
! R & R G lsts 110% fst L & S F O 69. 120
I D & R G4s 56% Bt P Con 155
I East Term lstß.. 106 Ft PC & P lsts.. 1184
Erie Gen 4s 70 Do 6s 117%
F W & D Ist tr.. 744 So Railway 65.... 97
Gen Elec 6s 108% Stan R & T 65.... 75
CH& 8 A 65.... 104 Term new set 35.. 93%
Do 2ds 105 Tex Pac L G lsts. 106%
H & T Css 110% Do Rg 2ds 44%
Don con 6s 105 T' PD & C lsts.. 77%
lowa C lsts 103% Wab Ist 6s 112%
La new cons 45... 105 Do 2ds 88
L & N Uni 4s 904 W Shore, 4s 109%
! Missouri 68 100 Va Centuries 784
,MX & T 2ds 62 Do deferred .... 6
Do 4s £8% Wls Cent lists 69%
NYC lsts 117%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollor 101 Ontario 8 50
Crown Point 12 Ophir 55
Con Cal & Va 66. Plymouth 11
Deadwood 35 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & Curry... 17 Do preferred ... i6O
I Hale & Norcross.. $5 Sierra Nevada ... 74
; Homestake 45 00 Standard 1 60
Iron Sllevr 55 1 union Con 20
Mexican 14 ' Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
1 Money |Ed Elec Tel 192
i Call loans 2 034 Gen El pfd new. 167
Time loans ....8%fi4»4 Atchlson pref ... 32%
Stocks— Bonds —
A T & S F 12% Atchlson 4s 93
Amer Sugar 103% Gen Elee 5s 107
Do preferred ... 105 Wis Sen lstH 584
j Bay State Gas.... IS Mining Shares—
, Bel Telephone ... 380 Allouez Mm Co.. 34
Boston & Albany. 200 Atlantic 25%
Boston & Maine.. 163 Boston & Mont... 225
! Boston L 69% Butte A Boston... 30
Chi Bur & Q 113% Calumet & Helca. 578
I Fitchburg 105 Centennial IS%
i Gen Elec new 79 Franklin 13
I Mexican Cen 4% Old Dominion 2-S4
j Old Colony 192 Osceola 59$
Or Short Line 06% Qulncy 119
Rubber 36% Tamarack 173
Union Pac 31\ Wolverine 264
West End 86% Parrott 93
j Do preferred ... 107 Humboldt 4%
j Westlngh El pref. 664
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Money on call steady,
2\ 52^ per cent, last loan. 2% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper ihi'Si per cent. Sterling ex
change steady with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 84174 84"* for demand and 14 Mvi
4 §l*i for sixty days. Posted rates $4 S2Vi and
$4 85. Commerical bills. $4 SOW. Silver certifi
cates, 61ii-62c. Bar silver. 6OVsC. Mexican dol
lars. *6*ie. Government bonds steady; State
bonds Arm; railroad bonds easier.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— The Evening Post's j
London financial cablegrum says: It was an !
Idle day In the stock markets hero, business be- |
Ing checked by the progress of the settlement
and the uncertainty aa to a change In the 1
Bank of England rate on Thursday. The set
tlement shows a Bmall account, but tha rates i
were higher because of dearer money. Con- !
tangoes on Americans were 4ji4V,( per cent, but
the rate on Central Pacific and on St. Paul ;
was exceptionally tight. The lone of Arr.erl- j
cans was dull from start to finish.
South American stocks were distinctly (rood
here to-day on the rise in Brazilian exchange
and In the fall of Argentine gold premium.
German buying of gold has Blackened, and '
New York and Russia are the chief buyers now. i
The Paris market Is much exercised over j
the question of gold shipments to the United .
States. There was a rise In sterling both at ;
Paris and at Berlin, the strength In Berlin
exchange being due to "covering" purposes by |
; Germany on a large mass of maturing bills
which London wll not renew. Spanish ex
change Is also strong, both on the rise In Lon
don discounts and on the advance of the Paris
gold premium.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 11.— Canadian Pacific. 86%;
Grand Trunk 7%. Bar silver weak, 27% d.
Honey 1U per cent.
MADRID, Oct. 11.— Spanish 4's closed at 64.75.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts, 12.
500 barrels; exports, 15,615. Firmer and more
active.
"WHEAT— 383,500 bushels; exports,
113,230. Spot, market firm,; No. 2. 74% cf. o. b.
afloat. Options opened firm on cables, and but
for a brief morning setback under realizing dis
played marked etrength all day, particularly In
the afternoon. Exporters were again heavy
buyers, and this, with prospective smaller re
ceipts, produced vigorous late covering. The
close was % r S%c net higher. Sales Included No.
2 red May, tiSViS^O 5-l«c, closed 70Vio.
HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
COPPER— Quiet: broker*. $12; exchange, $12 25
©12 37H
LEAD—Quiet; brokers, $3 75; exchange, $3 87H
123 80.
Firmer; strait*. $17017 15. Plates—Mar
ket quiet.
SPELTER— QuIftt: $4 90@6.
While showing more or less Irregularity to
day the market for metals seemed to show lit
tle animation in any department. Iron weak
ened under more liberal offerings and a with
drawal of several buyers, while tin ruled firmer
on Increased demand. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PIGIRON— a shade easier, with
$7 10 bid and $7 30 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged, with $12 25 bid
and $12 37% asked.
TlN— Higher but not active, with $17 bid and
$17 15 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $3 87% bid and $3 90
aeked. The firm fixing the settling price for
leading Western miner* and smelters quotes
lead at S3 75.-
SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4 80 bid and $5
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to
6 points lower. Sales, 9000 bags, Including No
vember $5 35: January, $5 60: March. $5 80;
April. $5 85; May. $5 SO; July. $6; August. $6 05;
September, $6 10. Spot coffee— Rio, inactive;
mild, quiet but steady. ■:■■■-; -■■- ;'■ ■_ i, .-__,
SUGAR— fair refining. 3 3-16@3%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4 3-16@4Vlc; molasses, 3 7-16
@3%c; refined, Irregular and unsettled.
BUTTER — Receipts, 7655 package*. Firm;
Western creamery, 15@21c; Elglns, 21c; factory,
imftl4Hc.
EGGS- Receipts. 10,600 packages. Firm; West
ern. 17VM1BO.
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— California dried fruit*
"EVAPORATED APPLES— 6<3Bc;
prime wire tray. B%c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9%c.
PRUNES— 4#BHc. , ,•> . .
APRICOTS— Royal. ll@13c: Moorpark, 12(3160.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7<«9c; peeled. 12@15c.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Oct 11.— Bradatreefa statement
Of the world's available supply Is delayed until
to-morrow in consequence of the non-receipt of
some telegraphic advices.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— The excitement regarding
the Nile country having apparently subsided
the wheat market at the start began to drop
back Into the rut from which the alleged war
news had rescued it. There was also a cur
rent belief among professional speculators that
the price was a little too high without the
sustaining influence of export business cr wmo
similar Important Item. As a consequence
considerable pressure was put on from the
start and there being no material volume of
buying to counteract it the tendency was stead
ily but slowly downward. Liverpool opened
unchanged, then ranged a trifle higher and
finally closed weak at a loss of %@%d. Though
the pressure from the professional element Mas
sufficient to depress the price to the level at
which puts had been sold the opposition which
these offered seemed sufficient to prevent any
further decline. There was a stiff cash market
at Minneapolis and prices were quoted %@lc
higher than yesterday. As the session advanced
the indications became numerous that the early
selling by the professionals had been some
what overdone and prices took an up- turn.
Local flour exporters said that all their of
ferings of flour to the United Kingdom yes
terday had been accepted and reported sales of
200,000 bushels cash spring wheat to Liverpool
direct to-day. New York meanwhile swelled
her exports to seventy-five boat loads and the
corn market was setting a < pace which made
the wheat bulls ashamed of themselves. As
the spirits of the bulls rose those of their op
ponents drooped, and It was not, therefore, a
difficult matter to start them scrambling after
wheat. During the excitement that followed
the high price of the session was reached. De
cember %@%c higher. .
• Corn was the strongest market on the floor.
Initial trades were at a slight advance, caused
by the Government report, which showed a fall
ing; off during September of two points in the
condition of the crop. The Liverpool closing
market showed an advance of \d for spot and
Of %'&%& tor future deliveries of corn. Sellers
fit calls were aiao interested parties after -the.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEK 12, 1898.
advance began and -were soon in competition
with other buyers in an effort to protect them-
f elves from losses Incurred by sales of these
irivileges. December closed at 30%0, an ad
vance of %c.
The bearish showing of the Government crop
report caused a slight reaction in oats at the
opening. The market rose %@%c and closed
at 28% c.
Continued alarming reports of the spread
of yellow fever in Mississippi and very large
receipts of hogs at the seven leading Western
points started provisions weak. There was a
good cosh demand, however, and that, along
with the strength of the grains, ultimately
turned the market strong and the early loss
was more than recovered. Pork improved 100,
lard 7%@10c and ribs r.c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. »— „,.,
October MJ4
December 63% 64% 634 64%
May 64% 65% 64% 65%
Corn, No. 2—2 — ....
October 29% 80% 29*4 30%
December SO 80<4 29*4. 30%
May 32 32% 31% 32%
Oats, No. 8— „,
December 214 21% 21% «'*
Mny 22% 28% 22%
Mops Pork, per bbl— ' --' ,-. _ _
December 7 60 7 75 7 60 7 75
January 880 896 880 896
T.nrd. per 100 lbs— , , „
December 4 67% 480 4 67% 480
January 4 77% 490 4 774 490
Short Rlba. per 100 lbs—
October 520 5 !7H 5 17% 525
January .4 57% 4 67Vi 4 57% 4 67%
Cosh quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 63<7?63%c: NO. 3
Spring Wheat. 62@62%c; No. 2 Red. 66c: No.
1 Com, 294<£?>25i%c: No. 2 Oats. 22c; No. 2
White, 24Vf025%C; No. 3 White. 23%<<?:!4%c; No.
2 Rye. 4S@4B%c; No. 2 Barley. 00450: No. 1
Flaxseed. 90% c; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 So;
Mess Pork, per bbl. $7 70@7 75: Lard. _. 10 ,°.
lbs, $4 70#4 86: Short Ribs sldee (loose), $5 10
m 35; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). $4 E<K»
4 62%: Short Clear Sides (boxed), $5 30@5 40:
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, p«r gallon,
$1 25.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bblß 14.000 W-JjOO
Wheat, bushels 291.300 24fi - fl ™
Corn, bushels „ 764,500 254.200
Oats. bUFhels 762.400 364.^
Rye. bushels 29.400 2.000
Barley, bushels 188,000 ".600
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: Creameries, 13ST20c: Dair
ies, 12<517c. Cheese, firm; Creamer 74<3>
B%c. Eggs, firm; Fresh, 14 V.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipt*, Shipments,
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 302.640 71,880
Dulnth 5K3.221 621.472
Milwaukee 4H2.000 12.328
Chicago 891.360 245,629
Toledo 67.299 22,600
St Lnula 148,000 126.000
Detroit 21.154 63.002
Kansas City 718.000 87,000
Totals 1,991,664 1.100,811
Tidewater —
Boston 53.400
New York 388. «*> 113.230
Philadelphia 41.176 1.899
Baltimore 66.334 64.000
New Orleans
Galveston 44,660 i08,0:>7
Totals 624.070 257.170
— - 'I '■'■ ■ ■■
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
•Wheat— Oct. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 7% 6 7
Closing 5 94 6 7% 5 6%
PARIS FUTURES .
Flour— Oct. Jan.-Apr.
Opening 47 60 46 10
Closing 47 55 46 05
Wheat —
Opening: 2160 2160
Closing 2155 21 65
OUR EXPORT DEMAND.
NEW TORK, Oct. 11. — The re<i?nt enormous
export demand for wheat continued on a heavy
scale to-day and begun to attract the atten
tion o' speculators generally and to-day there
was a sharp advance In the price, December
reaching 70 11-1 tic In the afternoon, which is
the highest tijfure attained on the present bull
movement. The bears, who have been per
sistently fighting advancing tendencies, were
compelled to get under cover and new pur
chases for investment account were among Iho
day's features. Probably not less than 125
loads of wheat were bought to-day for export,
making 245 loads thus far this week, or alxiut
00 bushels. For the past three w?cks
Europe has been buying wheat in this country
at the rate of about 3.500,000 buthels per week,
to say nothing of the large demand for our
corn, oats and rye. Last week the actual clear
ances of wheat and flour from the country wero
s.?i'i'.oOU bushels, or about half a million bushels
Ma of last year. Since July 1 the total
shipments are only 9,000,000 bushels behind lam
year and at the present rate are fast catching
up. Even France has been a buyer, taking all
offerings from St. Louis to-day at IVtC ad
vance and askln? for more. In addition to this
the Northwestern mills are unable to get
wheat enough to kep up their orders, as the
grain Is nearly all wanted for export. Besides
the demand for wheat to-day Europe took
about i'oo loads of corn, 225,000 bushels of oats
and IGu.OOO bushels of rye.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 11.— CATTLE—
15.000. Best steady, others slow; native steers,
$4'iiS 45; cows and heifers, $1 25^4 45; stockers
and feeders, $2 6004 95; bulls, $2 50®3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000. Market weak to 10c
lower; bulk of sales, $3 5511 3 60; heavies, $3 Zirs
3 65; packers, 53 50£j'3 60; mixed, $3 45@1 61;
lights, $3 45@3 60: pigs. $3 CO.
SHEEP— 4000. Market strong; lamb*.
$4 20&5 25; muttons, $3©4 25.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Oct. 11.— Receipts. 7500.
Market active and stronger; native beef steers,
$4 3C@5 30; Western steers, $3 70&4 40; cows and
heifers, J3@4 60; mockers and feeders, $3 COQ
4 60; bulls and stags, $2 40*g3 85.
— Receipts, 7800. Market s<gloc lower;
heavy. $3 52Vs«J3 60; mixed, $3 f.5@3 6714; lights,
$3 ",'tfi 65; bulk of sales. $3 1583 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 7500. Market steady; na
tive muttons, $3 80@4 40; Westerns, $3 70@4 25;
stackers, $3 104} 4 10; lambs, $4 25@5 40.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— CATTLE— steers.
$5 30<S5 75; medium. $4 70@4 95; beef steers, $V 3
4 65; stockers and feeders, *3@4 70; bulls, $2 4OU>
4 25; cows and heifers, $3 6"0@4 25; calves, $3*5
7 23; Western rangers, %i 75©4 60; Western fed
steers. M®s 40; Texans, $2 15<S4 90.
HOGS— .Prices receded G&'lOc; fair to choice.
13 77%®3 85; packing lots, $3 35@3 65; butchers,
$3 45r<j4 90; light, $3 45@3 85; pigs. $2 75@3 60.
SHEEP— Prices ruled 100 higher; common to
prime, $2 75'@4 75; muttons, $4@4 40; Western
feeders, $3 85@4 25; rams, $3@3 75; Inferior to
prime lambs, $3 So<3>6 35; rangers, $5®5 65; feed
ers, *'. 80(g>5 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs. 23,000; »heep, IS,
000.
DENVER.
DENVER, Oct. 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1350.
Market steady: beef steers, $3 25@4 10; cows.
$2 50@3 50; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 75®
4 20; stockers do, $3 50©* 25; bulls, stags, etc.,
$2 25® 3.
Receipts, 100. Market 10c lower; light
packers. »3 55@3 60; mixed, »3 60@3 65; heavy,
$3 4O't/3 60. --<'■■
SHEEP— Receipts. 7400. Market steady; irood
fat muttons, $3(6^4 25; lambs, $4@5 25.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, Oct. 11.— The wool market here
continues depressed so far as general business
is concerned. The market, however, cannot be
called weak from the fact that ruling prices
are down to the lowest notch and dealers pre
fer to hold their wool rather than sell at any
lower prices. Quotations:
Territory wools — Montana, fine medium and
fine. 14«17c: scoured, 47®48c; staple. 60®62c.
Utah, Wyoming, etc., fine medium and fine,
14A19c; scoured. 47@48c; staple. 60c.
Australian wools— Scoured basis, combing, su
perfine 70^72c; do good, 65@68c; do August,
62;&65c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day:
Pears— Bartletts. $1 75^53 40 box and $1 45
half fcox. Grapes— Tokays, $2 65 double crate
and $1 20@$l 75 single crate; Cornichons, |1 33
SJI 60;- Muscats, »1 25@$1 40. Peaches—Sal
wavp. 90^95c box.
JsEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day:
Grapes — Tokays, 60c@$l 60; Black Morocco,
$1 35- Emperor, $1 36; assorted. $I®l 30; Mus
cats, 95c(6*1. Peaches — Salways, 70c@|l 15
box. Plums— 9sc single crate.
NEW YORK. Oct. 11.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day:
Grapes — Tokays fior<s'sl 53; average, 9Bc;
double crates. $1 35ig2 80; average, $2 f>o ;
Cornichons, »1 2O<3 > 1 45: average, $1 23; Malagas,
Ssc<lfsl 10: average, 92c ; Emperor, 77c , Poaches—
Levl Cling. 96c: Salway, $1 18. Prunes-
Italian, $1 03ffl 30; average, $1 13; French, $1;
Silver, Csc. Eleven cars sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit to-day: Grapes—
Malapas, average, $1 54.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 11.— The following
prices were realized by the Earl Fruit Com
pany, for California fruit sold at auction to
day .*
Tokay, $1 20@l 75, average $1 34: Ferrera,
$1 SO: Cornlchon. $1 20; Salway. 55c@$l SO, av
erage $1 07; Levl Cling. 73c; Lemon Cling. 75c:
Beurre Hardy, $1 35. Two cars Bold.
BOSTON. Oct. 11.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day, realiz
ing the following prices:
Tokay, 75c@*1 70, average |1 07; double crates,
fl 80<fr3 20, average $2 42; Cornlchon, $1 H;
double crates, $3 10. Weather cloudy. Three
cars sold.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Oct. 11.— Consols, 109 7-16: silver,
27V1: French rentes, 102f 37% c.
"Wheat cargoes ; oft coast, : buyers and sellers
apart ; cargoes 'on ; passage. » ■ sellers at an ad
vance of - 3@6d ; cargoes ; Walla Walla, 29s 6d ;
English "-untry markets quiet. ■ ,•
LIVERPOOL. Oct. Wheat 'firm: No. 1
standard California, 6s 4%d@Bs E%d: wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour la Paris, quiet; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather tn England, cloudy
and damp.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 l-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter firm.
6s lid; No. 1 red Northern spring firm, 6s 4d.
Futures closed quiet; October, 5s 94d; Deoem
ber, 6s 7%d; March, 6s 6%d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new firm, Ss
64d; October steady, 3s 3%d; November steady,
3s 54d: December steady, 3s 5%d
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter firm, 8s 3d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 11.— Wheat waa steady
to-day at 69c for Walla Walla, with rumors
that a. cent better had been offered for round
lots. Valley quiet at 61c; blue stem, 62c. Re
ceipts heavy.
Cleared: British ship Rockhurst for Port
Natal, with 24,800 barrels flour; British ship
Otterspool for Cape Town, with 104,409 bushels
wheat.
"WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. IL— WHEAT— CIub.
69c; blue stem, 62c.
PORTLANDS BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. U. —Exchanges, $478.
803; balances, $14»,947.
♦
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
Sterling Cables — 4 854
New York Exchange, sight — 174
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Hllver, per ounce — 604
Mexican Dollars 474 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are quiet at rates last
quoted. The chartered wheat fleet in port has
a registered tonnage of 15, 370. against 51, 740
tons on the same date last year; dlsenge.<ert,
46.250 tons, against 36.A00; on the way to this
port, 157,600 tons, against 200,000.
WHEAT — Opened weak, but soon recovered
in sympathy with Chicago, which hardened on
account of an Increased demand for export.
Spot quotations advanced another fraction.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 174W1 18%; milling,
$1 224<ga 25.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— B:l6 o'clock— December—
8000 ctls $1 17%.
Second Session— 3o.ooo ctls, $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session — December" —
ctls, $1 194; 18,000, $1 19%: 8000, $1 19%.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$119%; 4000, $119%; 6000, $119%; 10,000, $119%.
BARLEY— The market Is lifeless, there being
no demand for any description. Quotations
are weak and nominal.
Feed. $1 18%©1 21%; Brewing, $1 25 for No. 2.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 214-
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The demand is fair, but not as good
as it has been. Prices are somewhat unsettled.
Red and Black are in good request for seed.
Fancy Feed, $1 25© 1 27 ] ,4 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 20©l 22'- 3 ; common, *1 15@1 17 V, Sur
prise, $1 3U£l 35; Gray, $1 15®1 20; milling,
$1 20@l 25 per ctl; Red. $1 40® 1 47V4; Black.
$1 »®1 70.
CORN— Heavier receipts from the East have
weakened the market.
Small round yellow. $1 20; Eastern large yel
low, $1 05-fil whit*. $110: mixed, $KSI 05
per ctl; California White, $1 12H@1 15.
RYE— and unchanged at $1 17^4^1 22Vi
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern Is Quoted at $1 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Flour is In slack demand at unchanged quo
tations. MlllstufTß continue nominal, as the
millers are still cutting.
FLOUR— extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras. $4 per nhl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in Backs are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7: Cornmeal, $2 50: extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 23; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 J6©S 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4U4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 75: Farina,
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), 53 85© 6 26; in sacks, $5 65&6 06; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 23; Green Peus, $4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The rains and warm weather have started
the green feed and the farmers are shipping in
more Hay in consequence. This makes the
market rather easier, though prices are main
tained.
Bran and Middlings rule firm at the quota
tions. ': • V '■ .
BRAN— SI 3 50015 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS(S2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $28 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the rnlll, $31^31 EO; Jobbing.
$32i;32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24'a25; Cottonseed
Meal. $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23 Wiiil 50;
Cracked Corn, $24(025.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. JITS' I9 50 for
good to choice and (15916 for lower grades; no
fancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $15<g 1 18: Oat.
514;; 50; Island Barley, $12 M)*i4: Alfalfa, $11
@12- Stock. $11012 o'j; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Alfalfa, $10®10 60 per ton.
STRAW— 4O@7Oc per bale.
DEANS AND SEEDS.
Lima r.cnns are firm, but all other kinds are
easy and dull. There Is no further change in
Seeds and Dried Peas.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 85@1 95; Small Whites. $2®
2 15; Large Whites, $1600170; Pinks. $2 3.",«
2 40; Reds. $3; Blackeye, $3 25@3 60; Butters,
nominal; Llmas, $.1 2. r /£3 35; Pea, $1 85@2; Red
Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. $4 50<@4 73 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $»-??4 25; Flax, none here; Ca
nary Seed, 2V4< ! ?2%c per It>: Alfalfa, CM" :
Rape. 2Vi<a3?ic; Hemp, 2%©3 c; Timothy, s@s»£c.
DRIED "PEAS— Nlles, $1 35@1 50; Green, $1 50
®1 "5 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Cucumbers are higher. Lima Beans are In
large supply. The other Vegetables are un
changed.
Potatoes and Onions are weak.
POTATOES — 40<S5w for Early Rose and 40®
60c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 85c
Cil 10: Oregon, 76O0J1: Sweet Potatoes. 75c for
nearby and $1 25 for Merc-d.
ONIONS— 3B@6Oo per ctl for yellow; Pickle
Onions. - etl.
VEGETAftLES— Green Peas. 3c: String
Beans, UJKttfrc; Lima Heans. ■ r >i I cf5 I sl 25 per sack;
Bay Squash, 20'g40c; Green Pcpi>ers. 50®Wc for
Chili and 60960 c for Bell; Cabbage, 60c; Car
rots, 3(«f(soc per pack: Uay Cucumbers. 80675 c;
River Tomatoes. 40@60c; Bay Tomatoes, 60965 c;
Green Corn. 75cfi$l per crate: Garlic. 3c per Ib;
Green Okra, 60065 c; Dried Okra, 10c l>er 11) ;
Egg Plant. 3. r ,<g6oc per box; Marrowfat Squash,
$8(ftlO per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per Ib in lots of 2C lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16(S18c: granulated. raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new. ISc: Cab
bage, 30r: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Three cars of Eastern came in and sold at
jr.^s 50 for Ducks, $066 50 for Hens, $6 25©7
for young Roosters, $5 for old Roosters and
Fryers and $4 for Broilers.
Game continued weak, mainly because of Its
poor condition, some of it being too bad to sell.
POULTRY— Turkeys, 15@170 for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese per pair,
$1 2D(sil 50; Goslings, $1 2501 60; Ducks, $4<fis for
old and $4@6 for young; Hens, $4®5 50; Roos
ters, young, $5@6: Roosters, old, $4 25@4 60:
Fryers. $4@4 50; Broilers, 13 50@4 for large; J3iy>
3 50 for small; Pigeons, Jl@l 25 per dozen for
old and $1 To'g'2 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail, $2; Mallard, $5®6 50; Sprig, $2<§>3 50;
Teal. $2Ti3; Widgeon, $1 50^2 SO; Small Duck,
V 25@1 75; English Snipe, %i; Jack Snipe, $1 50;
Gray Geese. $3; Hare. ■ $I@l 25; Rabbits, »1 25
@1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND KQG3.
The dealers who are receiving the cold-stor
age EKgs from Petaluma will horeafter sell
them aa such, which means lower prices than
they have been bringing. Buyers will reject
them otherwise.
The Egg market shows no change, being
quiet. Butter is also quiet, as buyers are run
ning on packed goods.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds, 28c. '%Btj)&
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 25@26J,4c; common
grades, 22V4 l ?j24c.
Pickled An, in Firkin, 18@20c; pickled roll,
20021 c; creamery tub. 21@22%c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16@16^c per
1b; Elgin, 22&22V4C. '
CHEESE— Choice mild new, lO^llc: old, BV4@
9V4c: Cream Cheddar, lO^llo; Young America,
ldtellHc: Eastern, 121^13c. -
EC3GS— Ranch Eggs, 32M>(?f35c per dozen; store
Eggs, 18@25c; Eastern, 15@lSc for ordinary and
22@23c for fancy. ________
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The best Wine Graces have moved up another
notch and are very 'firm. Table Grapes show
no improvement. '
. Melons continue to drag. Orchard fruits are
dull and unchanged. \''v:
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 "Uii'i per chest for large and
$Cl<S for small.
Figs, 40f&;75c per -box. double layers.
' Cantaloupes, 25010 c per crate; Nutmegs, 13®
30c per box; Watermelons, $15@17 per hundred
for large and IS ©l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries, 6@7c per Ib. '.?/*:
"Quinces, 60@7Ec. • . . '
Pomegranates, Eo@76c per small box.
Cranberries, fS@B 50 per barrel for Eastern
and $2 60®2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 25<350c ■ per < box; Seedless,
65®75c: crates sail about 10c higher than boxes;
Isabellas, Eo@BSo per crate; - Wine Grapes, 15©
18 per ton for Zlnfandel and *13@15 for common
kinds.
Blackberries, $3 F>o@6 per ctiest.
Plums, 35(ST"c per crate and box. -..nj-v,
Peaches. «o<g7sc per box for good to cnoioe
and 35£J>40c for common stock.
Raspberries, $54j7 per cheat. _ box
Apples 80<#60c for common, 7B<S*oo per vi..-*.
for No. 1 and ■|l@l 25 for choice.
■Winter Pears. 3E<&7Ec per box. f
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. $1 r.f><B>2 °"*£
Valencia*, $V 2.V<il 60 for Mediterranean WWi
and $1@125 for Seedlings; Lemons, $1 "°? 2 60
for common and $31f5 for good to choice.
loan Limes, KM: California Limes, -— • . '"*
nanas. $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, S3©*
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
There Is nothing new whatever, trade being
dull at unchanged prices.
DRIED FRUIT— 6H<<?7c for 40-50 8.
506*0 for 50-60' s. 4®4%e for 60-70"s, 3Vi@3Hc for
70-SO-s, 2%<53c for 80-90-s. 2%@2%c for 90 1 ,
and 1%i@20 for 100-110's; Silver IVunes, oSI-jc.
Peaches. 6<&-7c for good to choice, 7Mi®B^c for
fancy and lOdtUMc for -peeled; Apricots, TO
12c for Royals and 12®12Hc for MoprparK.
Kvaporated Apples, 7Vi@7Hc; un drlea W,&
4i,c; Black Figs, sacks, 2©2%0; Plums. 4V4W
6o for pitted and l@lHc for unpltted; nec
tarines, 6@7c for prime to fancy; Pears, wa'ic
for quarters and B@9c for halves. »».„.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, 4c ror tnree
crown, 4%c for four-crown, 4^^6c for BeedleßS
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedle«s Muscatels and »1 t»
for London Layers; dried Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, 60 for hardshell, 7c for soft
shell; Almonds, s«j"6c for hardshell, 13c tor
softßhell, I3iil4c for paper-shell; Peanuts, V 0
6V4c for Eastern and 4&c for California; Pe- ,
cans. C^@Bc: Filberts, 9H@loc; Braatll Nuts,
B®9c per n>; Cocoanuts, $4 60®5 per hundred.
HONEY— 10®llc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted. 6Wrv
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark. &@oVic
per Hi. : "di ;
BEESWAX— 24@^6c per It).
PROVISIONS.
The market Is weak and dull at the decline
In pork products already noted.
. CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7^o per Ib for
heavy, 8o for light medium, 10c for light, 10V4o
for extra light and 12@12%0 for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California
Hams, 9®«Vic; Mess Beef. $10® 10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11^11 50; Family Beef. *12i?3)
12 50; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18@
18 60; mess, $13 50© 16; " Smoked Beef, 11&12 C
per tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5Hc per It)
for compound and 6s;(fj>7c for pure; palls. 7Hc;
California tierces, 434©5 c per Ib for compound
and 6c for pure; half, barrels, 6^c; 10-It> tine,
7V«c; 6-rt> tins. 7%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, CT4@6V»c; packages
less than 300 lbs— palls, 60 in a case, SVfcc;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case. B%c; 5-tb pails. 12 In a
case, BV4c; 10-lb pails, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-11)
tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c: wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per.lb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Fair sales of Hops are reported and the mar
ket is firm. Th« other descriptions are un
changed.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy ealted
steers. 10c: medium. 9c: light. B^c; Cow
hides, B^(?9Hc; Stags, 6c: salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands.
12(!?13c; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry Calf, lie;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15«i25c each; short wool
30©40 c each; medium. 60<&S0c; long wool, 900*0
$1 10 each: Horsehides. salt. $2 for large and
$i .1 50 for small; Colts, 50c; Horsehides, dry,
$1 DO for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— 1 rendered, 3>.i@3%e per Ib;
No. 2. &%©2%c; refined, 4V?4*ic; Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 1&10 C;
free Northern. 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months . »®lle; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months'. 8910 c: Foothill and
Northern, free, I2^i4c; Foothill and Northern.
defective 10®12c; Middle County, 13«?16c: Hum
bold t and Mendoclno. 1»<516c; Nevada. 10©14e;
Eastern Oregon. 10913 c; Valley Oregon. 15<&17c.
HOPS— IB 93 crop. ll@l4e per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%OEc; Wool Bass. 26®2Sc; San
Quentin Bags. $4 85; Fruit Bags. sc, 5V4e and
E»ic for the three grades or white and 7®Bc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New "We'ling
ton. $3; Southfield Wellington. $7 60; Seattle.
$«; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wallaend, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $10 In bulk and $11 23
I In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
'"CORDAGE— Manila, 10%o; Sisal, 9*c; Duplex,
CANNED FRUITS — Cherries. $1 35@l 40;
Peaches, $1 -404,1 75; Pears, $1 40: Apricots. $1 40.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas. 85c(&$l 2o;
Asparagus, $1 504? 2 75; Tomatoes, 95c.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— ls@l7c for prime
washed. 14<&15c for good washed, 15@16V»c for
good to prime washed peaberry, 12'i@14c for
good peaberry, U@l3V4c for good to prime. 10@
lie for good current mixed with black beans,
BV.@lo%c for fair. :>V<fSc for common to ordl
nary. Salvador— ll&l3V4C for good to prime
washed. 9li@llc for fair washed, 12®13%c for
good to prime washed peaberry, B*i@9o for su
perior unwashed, BHc for good green unwashed,
lOVi^llc for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Nicaragua— B®9c for good to superior unwashed,
10^'Klie for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 14Vi@17c for prime to
fancy washed, 12@llc for good to strictly good
washed, S^-tJ'lUic for fair washed, 7@9c for me
dium, s@7c for inferior to ordinary, 12@14c for
good to prime washed peaberry. 10%i&'llc for
good unwashed peaberry, B@9c for good to su
perior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFlSH— Bundles, 4c: cases, se
lected. 4V6c; imitation Eastern, 5%e: boneless,
GHc- strips, s%@7V»c; blocks, sV*@7c; tablets,
7V>c; middles. 6%@6V4c per It); desiccated. 87^c
per dozen: pickled cod, barrels, each, $8; pickled
cod, half -barrels, each, $4 50.
LEATHER— SoIe Leather, heavy, 25©2Sc per
IT); Sole Leather, medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light, 23<&25c; rough Leather, heavy, 24@25c;
rough Leather. light. 23@24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 305}36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27@
30c; Harness Leather, light. 26!g28c: Collar
Leather, 14-5160 per foot: Kip, finished, 40® 45c
per Ib; Veal, finished, 50©35 c; Calf, finished. 750
091; Sides, finished, 16@17c per foot; Belt
Knife, splits. 14@lGc per Ib; rough splits, S@loc.
California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates):
Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled. 44c; raw. 42c;
cases, Or more: Lard Oil. extra winter strain
ed, barrels, 66c; No. "1, 46c; cases, 5c more;
China Nut, 45@53c per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot
Oil. barrels, 6. .c ; cases. 70c; No. 1, barrels, 55c:
cases, 60c; Sperm, crude, 60c; natural white,
40c: bleached white, 46c; Whale Oil, natural
white, 40c; bleached white, 45c: Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 25@
1 3." per gallon; wagon colors. $2@2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA— White Coal Oil, in bulk, 12c per
gallon; Pearl Oil, In cases, 17Hc; Astral Oil..
17Vto; Star OH. 17Mic; Extra Star OH. 21He:
Elaine Oil, 22V4c; Eocene Oil, 19Hc; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline, In bulk, 13c: In cases, 18Vic;
Benzine, In bulk, 12c; cases, 17c; 86-degree
Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; in cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 6s, 16 os.
~\<ic; 6s, 14 oz, 6Hc: 6s. 12 oz, $V4c; 6s, 10 oz,
4V4c: Granite (Mining) Candles— 16 oz, S%c;
6s, 14 oz, 7%c; 6s, 12 oz, 7>4c; 6s. 10 oz. 6Hc;
Paraffine Wax Candles— ls, 2s, 4s; 6s, 12s, white,
8c; colored, 9c.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6@70 per Tb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 51c; in Iron barrels,
46c; in wooden barrels, 48c; per gallon.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 390; raw, barrels,
37c: cases, 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— S4I per flask for local use
and $37 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7%c; Powdered. 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6&c: Dry Granulated. 6c; Confec
tioners' A, 6o; California A. 6^c; Magnolia A,
.'V-: Extra C. 5Hc; Golden C, 5%c; half-barrels,
%c more than barrels, and boxes Uc more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue to do better, - though It takes
a choice article to bring: the top quotation. The
other descriptions are unchanged.
Wholesale rates from elaughterers to dealers
are a*s follows:
BEEF- First quality, 6@«Ho; second quality,
5%c; third quality. 4<gfsc.
VEAL— Large. s@Cc; small. 6tt<?Sc P«r n>.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c; Ewes, 6@6\4c
per It). . ■ 
LA MR— Spring Lamb. 7%®80 per It).
PORK— Live Hogs, 3V£(£r3%c for large, 4'3'4Ho
for medium and 3%@3^c for small; stock Hogs,
2@30; dressed Hogs, 6V;@6Uc. ; .
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE. '/.
For Tuesday. October. XL .'.-'
Flour, qr sks ... 6,582 Lime, bbls ....... 402
Wheat, ctls ..... 855 Sugar, bbla ...'... 65
Oats, ctls 1.680 Do bags . 3.606
Tallow, ctl» ..... 212 Wine, pals ...... 78,850
Butter, ctls 281 Hops, bales ...... 18
Cheese, ctls 35 Wool, bales .;.... 277
Beans, sks 869 Pelts, bdls ....... 613
Potatoes, ska ... 4,286 Hides, no 966
Onions, sks .....-■ 8251 Broomcorn, bdls. 10
Bran, sks 15 Raisins. bxs 1.r.25
Middlings. Bks .. 115 Lumber, ft ...... 40.000
Hay, tons ........ 661 Eggs, doz ........ 7,630
Straw, tons 54 1 Leather, rolls ... 121
Powder, c» ....... 161
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7.790 Potatoes, sks ... 8,183
Wheat, ctls 130 Bran. Bks ....... 2.200
Barley, ctls ..... 8.230 Middlings, sks .. 45
Oats, ctls 3.410 Wool, bales 95
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Btocks were ssveral cents firmer yes
terday-
Justice Is assessed 10 cents.
Local securities showed no marked changes.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company
has declared a regular monthly dividend of 30
cents per share, payable October 30.
The directors of the Yellow Jacket Mining
Company have voted a pro rata of 6 per cent
to the Comstock pumping fund.
The Water Front and Tide Land Company of
San Francisco has levied an assessment of 15
cents per share, delinquent November 15.
The Oakland Gas Light and Heat Company
will pay a regular monthly dividend of 25
cent« per share on October 16. . de _
The California Street Cable Company 'has de
clared a monthly dividend of 60 cents per
share, payable October 12. _«««» at
The kontrsal Silver Mining: Company of
Utah ha* levied an ae«*snment of % cent per
share, delinquent November 1. tt ...,k Vkui
The Meteor Mining Company of U» an °™
levied an assessment of 1-3 cent per share, ae
llnijuent October 30. . r-^n.
The Portland Gold Mining Company of y»*
rado has declared a dividend of 2 cents per
share, amounting to $60,000 and payable Octo
ber 16. This company la reported to nay«
1670.000 cash In its treasury.
The Bonk of California to-day declared a
quarterly dividend of $3 per share, payable on
At the seventeenth annual meptlng of the
Strclc and Bond Exchange Monday John w.
l'erry Jr., who has served as president of th.
exchange for sixteen consecutive years, or
since Its organization In 18*2. declined a re
nomlnatlon and Edward PolUtz. late vice
president, was unanimously elected president.
R G Brown, formerly chairman, was elected
vice president. Charles Sutro Jr., formerly
vice chairman, was elected chairman. A. I*
Lan^erman was elected vice chairman. Harr >
Schwartz was re-elected secretary and Daniel
Meyer treasurer. The sales on this exchange
during its existence from 1883 amount to «30,
239,3W). The seats are quoted at $9000 bia.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Oct.. 11—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds- S F G & E.... 86% -
4s qunr coup.. lll 112 San Fran .... 3 ZhL
4s quar reg...Hott,llO% Stockton Gas.. IS —
4s quar new. ..127 127% Insurance
«s new 104%105 Flrem's Fund.2os —
Miscellaneous- Water Stocks— w .
Cal-st Cab 58.115% - Contra Costa. . 54% -
p.i y.i 6s 125 — Marln Co oO —
C C Wat it.:.™* - Spring Valley.loo% -
Tj,,n-8t ex c... - 98% Bank Stocks—
ir ? iP 6h 131% - AnglQrCal .... 63 - -
VA Cl Ry 6s 114% - Bank of ra!...249 261
GeaW^t R 58-100 Cal SD & T.. 97 99%
II C& S 4%" 100% - First Nat 207* -
I AL Co to. -100 LonPi 1*— 128% —
LDL D A o gntd 6... 9« 100 Vi Mer Exchange - 18
Market-st 6a ..12S — Nev Nat 8....161 —
r>V> Ist Mss 114%114H Savings Hanis-
Nat v"n 6s l*t - 97V4 Ger S & L..1800 16*1
N C MJKy Ta.104% - Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy CaJ 6s 13 114 Mutual Say. 35 45
NRy Cat 58. .103* - 8 Bay U.. 495 600
NP C R §£•«&£ SAL 50.... - 98
NPCRKte.IOO%IOI Securi ty SI B 300 -
V Pal R RSi — — Union T C 0.1025 —
Onk Pas 5a 108<a109Vj Street Railroads—
Om Ry 6s ::::i2€ 127 ■* California ....108*109%
I> ACI Ry 68.106 103 Geary 45 -
P * O 6s 112 - Market-st 64 -
Powell-st 65... — 123 Presidio 8% —
Reno W L&L.100 - Powder-
Sac El Rv 58.100 — California ....125 145
SF& N P 55.109i'-l<W!4j E Dynamite... 85 9a
SlerraßCal 18. - 106 Giant Con Co. 48% 43
S P of Ar 65.. 107*4108 Vl«orit 2% 2%
s v Pal <:<» 1101* — Miscellaneous —
PrC^cßto." - 104 A! Pac Assn. 102V4103%
S P Rr 6s 115 — Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
8 V Water 65.. 11"^ — Hana P C 0.... li% 17%
8 V Water 45.1'J3%103% H C " S C 0... 34 34%
Stockton Ga5.. 101% - Hutch 8 P Co. 68% 68%
Gas & Electro— Mer Ex Assn. 90 — -
Cent Oasllßht.los — Nat Vln C 0... — 5
Pent L, & P... 8 9H Oceanic 8 Co. 5T Bi»4
Mutual El Co. 9% 10»4 Pacific A F"A "1% 2V*
Oakland Gas.. 63% 54 Pac C Bor Co. — 105
Pac Gas Imp.. — 83 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L Co 47Mi —
65 Alaska Packers' Association 103 00
150 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 00
10 do do 34 12H
200 Market-street Railway 54 00
1 do do 63 00
75 Han a Plantation C 0... 17 25
200 Mutual Electric Light 10 00
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
10 Pacific Lighting 48 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 60
40 Spring Valley Water 100 37^
X2OOOS V & N P Ry Bonds 109 62 ft
Street—
65 Spring Valley Water 100 37%
Afternoon Session.
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 00
12f' liana Plantation Co 17 25
35 Hutohinson S P Co 58 75
IMS F lins & Electric Co 86 B0
$1000 6 P Branch Ry Bonds 115 25
11000 S P of A Konds 107 75
15 Spring Valley Water 100 50
Street—
25 California-street Railway 109 25
15 ICarket-street Railway 54 00
JGOOO Northern Ry of Cal Es Bonds 103 25
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 &0
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
25 Central Light & Power Co 8 B0
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 25
60 Market-street Railway Co 64 12V4
■Afternoon Session.
60 S P Gas <fe Electric Co 88 62^
40 Pacific Gas Imp Co 88 50
2. r > Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 34 25
20 Alaska Packers' Ase . elation 103 12ft
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Saa Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
I<Kl Caledonia 26| 400 Mexican 1?
ion SS'SOOOphhr .'.",
400 Chollar 14 400 Potosl 16
500 Con Cal & Va... 78 300 Sierra Nevada... 80
200 76 ! 200 81
400 Gould & Curry.. 201400 Union Con 24
Afternoon Session.
200 Beat & Belcher. 241100 Mexican 19
BOOChallenge 16 200 Ophlr 57
100 Chollar 14 300 Potosi 15
200 Con Cal & Va... 7* 10rt Savage 09
100 77 100 Sierra Nevada... 81
100 Hale & Norcross 93 300 8i
200 1 00 500 Yellow Jacket... 19
150 Justice 06
Following were the sales In Paclflo Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher 241 1100 Justice 07
500 25 800 06
200 Caledonia 25 3f)o Ophlr S6
400 Challenge C0n.... 16 400 Potosl 16
500 Chollar 14|3OOSB&M 02
SOO Con Cal & Va... 77 200 Sierra Nevada... 79!
550 76 200 6»
1400 781200 Union Con 24
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 06 300 57
100 Best & Belcher. 24 100 65
300 Con Cal & Va... 76 500 S B & M 02
MM) 77 400 Sierra Nevada... 80
300 78 200 82
200 Crown Point 14 500 Utah 07
800 Ophir 66
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Oct. 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.AsK.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — 02
Alta 06 (5: Justice 05 06
Andes 09 10 Kentuck 03 OS
Belcher 11 12 Lndy Wash ... — 03
Benton Con ... 06 — Mexican 18 20
Best & Belcher 23 25 Occidental 74 80
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 66 68
Caledonia 24 26 Overman 03 04
Chollar 13 14 Potosl 15 16
Challenge Con. 15 17 Savage CS 09
Confidence — 48 Scorpion — 05
Con Cal &s& s Va.. 77 79 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 80 S2
Crown Point... 13 14 Stiver Hill .... — 07
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con ... 80 —Standard 165 170
Exchequer — 03 Union Con 24 25
Gould & Curry. 19 20 i Utah 06 07
Hale & Norcrs. 99 —I Yellow Jacket. 18 19
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
?!
on I
ler
New York...
Imperial
cc
96
63
59
IB
41
a
..Nov. 1
..Nov. 1
..Nov. 7
..Nor. 8
..Nov. S
..Nov. 11
..Nov. 28
. . Nov . 28
!.. Nov. 30
'..Nov. 30
[..Dec. 6
I
The twelve Atlantic cables now In use
represent a total capital of about
i 55,000,000.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
October, 1888.
Th.
Tt.
3a.
1
8
Hooi'n Phase*.
v
is
"5"
,-o-Last Quarter,
>& October T.
■gs K*w Moox
\is October 15.
-m First Quarter,
Jr October M-
©Full i.o"«,
K&J October ».
«jg
«•
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographie
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic slgrval re
cetved each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on lime or giving the error, if any. is published
In lha morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., In charga.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober 11. 1898.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
t. c., at noon of the IJOth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p, m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. VTELCH,
. .Ensign (retired), U. 6. N., In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of Hitch and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes i«iter than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12.
Sun rises 6:18
Sun sets 3:37
Moon rises 3:12 a. m.
(Time
fe"w
2:
3:
3:
4:
H "i
0:<
0:1
1:
Feet.
1
1.
2.<
H W
9:20
9:43
10:08
10:34
L W
5:01
5:41
6:24; -
9::
9:
10 :<
10::
4.8 3:20
6.0 3:57
5.2 4:30
5.4 5:12
|H W
2.3| 11:.8
2.7| 11:45
2.9 12:25
L \V
I |Timei
Feet.! Feet.
HW
1-8| 0:30 4.3
1-3! !0 19 4.5
O.S 11 :0S» 4 5
0.3;..
L Wl
i.el - 5s -o 2
6.8[ 8:46 — 0 5
I 5.3' 7:38 -0.6
4.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning- tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column srives the second tide . •
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th
«Jast tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Kiven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus siKn (— precedes, the height,
and then the number Riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
L ztec [China and Japan Oct. 12
'Ity of Panama! Panama Oct. 12
.ustralla 'Honolulu Oct. 12
'rogreso Seattle Oct. 12
orona San Diego .'. Oct. 12
[orth Fork Humboldt Oct. 13
lacklnaw Tacoma .; Oct. 12
rlzaba Mexico Oct. 12
lam Nanalmo Oct. 13
hilkat Humboldt Oct. 12
■uracao Seattle Oct. 12
.rcata Coob Bay Oct. 12
»el Norte Crescent City lOct. 13
iKnal Astoria |Oct. 13
Implre -. Coos Bay Oct. 13
ieo. W. Elder.. Portland Oct. 14
lomer Newport Oct. 14
fmatllla Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 14
lltance Oregon Ports Oct. 14
'larlna Tacoma Oct. 14
'omona Humboldt Oct. 14
iristol Departure Bay Oct. 15
leveland St. Michael Oct. 15
•ortland St. Michael Oct. 15
anta Rosa San Diego • Oct. 16
x»elanaw 'Seattle Oct. 1G
Ilneola Tacoma Oct. 18
(race D011ar.... Yaqulna Bay Oct. 16
:olumbla Portland Oct. 17
itanla iNanaimo Oct. 17
Wellington Departure Bay Oct. 17
»orlc China and Japan......... Oct. 13
loos Bay Newport Oct. 18
an Juan Panama Oct. 19
larlpo«a Sydney < Oct. 19
tale California Portland Oct. 20
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I. W.
Steamer. Destination. I Balls. I Pier.
oob Bay... Newport lOot. 12. 9 ami Pier 11
tate of CaljPortland |Oct. 13, 10 amiPler 24
i'alla Wall, Vie & Pgt 3d. Oct. 13. 10 amiPler 9
■hllkat (Humboldt i Oct. 13, 2 pnrPier U
orona (San Diego Oct. 14. 11 am!Pler 11
L rcata iCoos Bay Oct. 14, 10 amlPler 13
I W. Elder] Portland \Ort. 16, 10 ami Pier 24
irizaba [Newport lOct. 16. 9 am Pier 11
'omcna iHumboldt .. . .'Oct. 16. 2 pmlPler 9
Llllance ...!Humboldt Oct. 17, 10 am Pier 10
STeeott Tlllamook jOct. 18, 5 pin^Pler 13
lpnal (Grays Harbor' Oct. IS 1
anta Rosa-jfian Diego JOct. 18, 11 am Pt*>r 11
•matllla ..'Vic & Pgt Sd. (Oct. 18. 10 ampler 9
•uracao ...!Mexico Oct. 18. 10 am Pier 9
'y Panama' Panama 'Oct. 18. 12 m PMSS
olumbla .JPortland [Oct. 19, M am P!fr 21
.ustralia ..Honolulu !Oct. 19, 2 pm 'Pier 7
Destination.
Sails.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 11.
Stmr Brunswick, Anderson, 48 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Olsen, 48 hours from Port
Harford.
Stmr Ellhu Thompson, Garllch, 109 hours
from Tacoma.
Stmr State of California. Thomas, 52U hours
from Portland, via Astoria 42H hours.
Stmr Navarro, Walvig, 12 hours from Print
Arena.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, 29 days 1 hour from
Manila, via Nagasaki 20 days.
Schr Melancthon. Bellesen. 8 days from Ccos
Bay.
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen, 12 hours from
Stewarts Point.
Bchr La Chllena, Mateen, 9 hours from Fort
Ro.<"B.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, October 11.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. Hrnekong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O S S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Cr>.
Bktn Quickstep, Hansen, Guayaquil; W R
I Grace & Co.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu; "Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Schr Mary E Russ. "Wikender, San Jose de
Guatemala; C A Hooper & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 11.
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, Usal, with achr Nettl*
Sundborg In tow.
Stmr Cleone. Miller, Point Arena.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka.
Stmr Scotia. Thompson, Rockport.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Yokohama and Hong
kong, via Honolulu.
Stmr Gipsy, Gielow, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr Hueneme. Johnson. 19 hours from U«wl.
Schr Nettle Sundborg, Johnson, In tow of tii«
stmr Ruth.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Amethyst, Johannsen, Is*otley» Land
ing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I,OBOS. Oct 11—10 p. m.— Waather.
thick; wind, SW; velocity. 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The S N Castle loads mdae for Honolulu.
The Atalanta loads salmon at Victoria for
Liverpool or London, 33s 9d — prior to arrival;
Euterpe, lumber at Port Blakeley for Ade
laide.
The Clackmananshlrfl Is rechartered for
wheat from Portland to Europe, 31s; Invers
nald. same voyage, 31s 3d.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON— Oct 11— Bktn C C Funk, prrvicTMly
reported wrecked at Tasmania had her cargo
sold at auction Aug 29 for £600.
QUEENSTOWN— Oct 10— Br ship Lord Ripon.
previously reported, was thrown on beam end»^
cargo ehtfted. after bolts of main deck bridg*
and stanchions smashed. Foretopgallant maat
carried away and other dameages.
SPOKEN.
Oct s— Lat 45 S. long 15 W, Br ship Pa»s of
Melford, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
Aug 31— Lat 3 S, long 30 W, bark Gerard a
Tobey, from New Tork. for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 11— Stmr Alcatraa.
for .
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 11— Schr Estehr
Buhne, from Port Blakeley. for Newport.
PORT ANGELES— In bay Dot 11— Ship C F
Sargent, from Honolulu, for Port Townsend
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 11— Schr Fanny Dutard.
for San Francisco; schr Corbna, fr> r San Pe
dro; brig Geneva, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 11— Stmr Chllkat for
San Francisco: 9Chr Lottie Parson, for >
YAQUINA BAY-Arrtved Oct 11— Stmr Grace
Dollar, hence O<?t S.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oct 10— Stmr
Alcazar, for .
TIMBER COVE— Sailed Oct 11— Schr J Ep
plnger, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Oct 11— Sehr Aaaiea, frm
Grays Harbor.
TATOOSH— Passed Oct 10— Br bark Acamas,
from Fraz*>r River, for London.
POUT TOWNSENP-Arrived Oct 11— 3r ship
Vincent, from Honolulu.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Oct 11— Bark Co
lusa, from Honolulu and cleared for /he
matnus.
Arlved Oct 11— Ship C F Sargent, from Hono-
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Oct 11— Schr Ex
celsior, for Newport.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct 10— Schr San
Buenaventura, hence Sept 27.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Charles Nel
son, hence Oct 7; stmr City of Topek'a from
Dyea.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 10— Stmr Cleveland
from St Mich&el. '
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Oct 11— Schr Ex
celsior, for Newport; schr John A Campbell for
Newport.
SOUTH BEXD— Arrived Oct n_Schr Jamea
A Garfleld. hence Sept 25; schr Helen N Kim
ball, hence Oct 1: schr Pioneer, for Kailua
NEWPORT— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Newburc
from Eureka.
KILLISNOO— Sailed Oct s— Schr Mildred, for
PORTLT-DLOW-Sailed Oct 11-Schr Estehr
Buhne. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— An-ived Oct 11— Stmr
Noyo, from Westport.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK-Arrived Oct 10-Shlp Wm J
Rotch, from Seattle.
Sailed Oot 10— Ship A J Puller, for Norfolk.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved Oct 10-Br ship
Decean. from Oregon. H
YOKOHAMA - Sailed Oct 7-Br stmr Vic
toria from Tacoma.
CHEMAINUB— SaiIed Oct 7— Bktn Chas P
?or OSO Sh a r Sy<3ney - Oct *lßrl Br bark JJanalmo
ni?nY L &r~— *** ° Ct 11— Sh!p Clarence S Be-
KOBE— Sailed Oct 11-Br ship Stronea. for,
Portland. . |
- YOKOHAMA— Sailed Oct 10-Br bark Heat.«
field, for Tacoma. >»ii« » iim . ft
. NAGASAKI— SaiIed Oot 10— etisir Bt I'aulf
for San Francisco. : • ■•■•->---■ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MRS. GOLDEN
ELOPED WITH
HER HUSBAND
Her Second Husband
Is Out for Divorce.
SHE CONFESSES BIGAMY
A LETTER IN EVIDENCE THAT
REVEALED TEE TRUTH.
Is Now Living With the Man Whom
She First Married and From
Whom She Is Not
Divorced.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 11.
Mrs. Lena H. E. Harding (.or Golden)
performed the peculiar trick of eloping
■with her own husband, although she had
to leave another husband to do so. Mrs.
Harding, or Golden, is the defendant in
a divorce suit which is now under ad
visement by Judge Greene, and in which
the evidence shows that she had com
mitted bigamy in a letter written to an
aunt, Mrs. Gunn, who resides In West
Oakland. In his testimony Dow C. Gold
en, the husband of the woman, declares
that after their marriage his wife de
serted him and went to Seattle with a
man named Elliott It. Harding, In Octo
ber, 1592, Golden married Lena Harding
in this city, and for a time they resided
on Seventeenth street. For neariy six
years everything went smoothly, but at
the end of that time Mrs. Golden sud
denly abandoned her husband and took
■with her her personal effects and her
young child that was the issue of her
former marriage.
When she eloped Mrs. Golden went
north with Mr. Harding, who had broken
up the peace of the Golden home by his
anxiety to see his child. His affection
for the child worked a reconciliation with
Its mother, and as they had never been
divorced Mrs. Hard Golden thought
It no crime to go north with her lirst
husband and live with him as though the
second marriage had never taken place.
Golden started an inquiry and found
sufficient evidence to convince him that
he had ground to have his marriage to
Mrs. Harding annulled. He also found
a letter which contained the following
strange confession and which is signed
by his supposed wife:
"I find by looking into records, etc.,
that 1 have been greatly fooled; that no
divorce decree was ever issued. My at
torney told me that I needed no papers,
but I find I could not be divorced wit
out paying the court some $o0 or so more
and getting a decree paper. Also, the law
requires six months to elapse before 1
could man and I wanted only one day,
but I was in ignorance of all this,
"I find that 1 am Elliott's wife as much
as ever. I am happy. The day before I
left, old lady Golden ordered me away |
and used the vilest language one can ]
think of, insulting me and my mother j
and all the friends that have stood by me.
Even to the baby did she talk mean.
"Poor Dow, I am sorry for him, because ;
he will know no happiness till the is dead 1
and gone, for he is too weak minded to j
listen to his own thoughts and desires. |
He is entirely under her thumb.
"LENA HAIIDIKG.""
Mrs. Golden-Hardii has made no de
fense to the divorce suit, and la now liv
ing somewhere in the north.
. . .
Passed a Bogus Check.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Charles O'Gara,
wh<> c t the corner of
Sever; $15 on
a check for S- 1 I "Robert Tem
ple." li rsythe. A
man by tJ nted the. check
to O'Gara In liquidation of a bill of Ji 50
and tl s m the cor
POSTTJM CEREAL.
A SUPPOSED FRIEND
Gave Him a Case of Rheumatism.
"I had been In the habit for many
years of drinking . ifr-e twice
a day without BUgar or milk, hoping by
that means to moderate the effects
upon my nervous sys
"I never su habit
had anything to do with my rheuma-
tism, which was so ba«l that I was un-
able to get about without crutches, at
times.
a
T. V. NICHOLS,
Lawrence, Mass.
"About a year and a half ago I
Stopped drinking coffee and took Pos-
tum Food Coffee, and after a few fail-
ures because of improper cooking, final-
ly had it ord ins to
directions (which is easy), and found it
of such charming flavor that I have
kept up its uk" ever ■■■:. ■■■.
. the rheu-
matism disapj • md T
have not had a single attack since.
Moreover, my family h<-
pome al fl< sh, s i that we
feel Postum . Icious
drink in the taste but M re liv-
ing evidences of its healthful proper-
tins.
"The preparation of any sort of food
or drink is an important, essential part.
I find that many people' who have tried
Postum go at the preparation in a
careless way; that is to say, they put
it on the stove and let it stand a few
minutes, and think it should be done.
"We put Po.stum on in cold water, It
takes about 15 minutes before it begins
to boll, then we allow it to actually boil
15 minutr-s, which, as you say, brings
out tho delicious flavor and good food
value."
Mr. and O f this city are
using Postum -. Mrs. Miller
has i from dys-
pepsia, had t , entirely
on that acount she enjoys good health
row, since using Postum Food Coffee.
Mr. and Mrs. Hervey of Auburn
were troubled in the came way, and
have b«en cured by Postum. Bay they
jiever .were to well.
rect change. The check is made on a
Ban i ' ban! and when > »'■ rara
pave it over in a business transaction it
Into the Central Bank, who
tt through the San Fran
bank. Word has been received from
the Latter that Temple baa no funds In
that institution, and since then O'Gara
en trying to locate Forsythe or the
man who first gave him the check. He
rlaims that lie has either been deceived
or there has been a forgery.
Yon Kapff's Indictments.
OAKLAND, Oct. U.— Constable Henry
W. v . Uai la, against whom
Jwry yesterday returned five
indictments for perjury, is still languish
ing in the County Jail, having failed to
secure more than one bondsman willing
to qualify on hia bond for $10,000.
The Grand Jury was again in session
v still inquiring into the condu
the Brooklyn Township Jußtlces and Con
The indictments againßt Yon
■ all based on alleged lrregulari
■; bills sworn to by rrect
before ex-Justice •->• A. Swasey. Justice
of the }•••■• li. T. Morris and Alameda
Cit> Recorder A. F. St. Sure.
It h led by many that since the
death of F. K. Shattuck, one of th< mem
if the present Grand Jury, all ac
tions of that body are void, because no
titute has been secured to Ml the va
cancy.
An Angry Father-in-Law.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.- Manuel Josephs of
East Oakland lied on District Attorney
Snook to-day, declaring that his son
Frank has committed n. felony In swear
ing falsely to his age on September 14
last, when the young man secured a mar
riage license. Frank gave his age as 21
and that of his bride as 19. These the
aged father-in-law says should be re
versed. Trouble has been brewing in the
Josephs household ever since the- bride
appeared there and on October 5 Manuel
was arrested for battering the young
bride, who was formerly Mrs. Maggie
Cria.
Burglar and Fire Alarm.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— Articles of incor
poration were filed with County Clerk
Jordan to-day by the Oakland Messenger,
Burglar and Fire Alarm Company, with
capital stock of $20,000, of which $6050 has
been actually subscribed. The directors
are Albert Aucker, Tebachapl; Henry 11.
Beck and Frederick Kahn. Oakland;
l'hilip Marx, Los Angeles, and Edward I.
Wolfe, San Francisco.
BODY FOUND WITH A
SHOT IN THE HEAD
AN UNKNOWN MAN WHO MAY
HAVE BEEN MURDERED.
More Probable That It Is a Case of
Suicide Committed at the
Water's Edge.'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Oct. 11.
This morning the body of a man was
found In the bay about half way down the
broad gauge mole. The deceased Is of
• age and very heavy build, and the
ry of his death is greatly added to
c fart that he had been killed by a
■ wound. N<> one has yet Identified
mains, whi< b are at the Morgue and
where an Inquest will be held to-morrow
evening.
The body is apparently that of a for
either • r French. The
a Bemi-military
dor, and the
aid, with i
..•• over th<
leap pepper and
salt suit.
Coroner Baldwin on examining tn
rmine wh
rom drowning or from the bul
let w 1. He is Bt
ye that death was i
bullet entered over
ght >ar and came out through the
of the head. When
the body w • ounds api
to be fresh, and the deceased had not
Lter.
In the pockets ww found a gold filled
watch with a cheap chain and a gold
charm, v. Imitation
- ctii'l rubles. In one of the trousers
■ d an i nyelope of Shreve,
Barber & Co. of Kan Francisco. When
this tlrin was communicated with they
could throw no light on the matter ex
cept to say that yesterday a man called
at the store and after purchasing a i -
■•aded.
The request was denied, it being against
the rulers of th.- '..
About a year ago Philip Lamoreau, a
member of the linn of Remillard <"om
went to the extreme end of Frank
lin street wharf and shot himself through
the head. It was believed at th^ time
that his Idea for choosing such a peculiar
: was that as soon as the shot took
effect he would fail into the w Lter and
mystify those who found his body.
iiis however, fell onto the
wharf, where it was found, and it Is prob
tnat in thi the man found
this morning this theory may apply, al
though there is nothing to show that the
aurdi red and thrown over
ithing in his p
or on his clothing that could possibly be
used to assist in Identifying him.
MEADORS' TRIAL BEGUN.
Attorney Deuprey's Tactics Fore-
shadow a Stubborn Fight to
Save Jonas Ury's Slayer.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11.— The trial of Pri
vate James M. Meador, charg-ed with
the murder of Joseph Try <>f Company C,
:i Rifriment of California Volun
at Camp Barrett on August 16, was
•. begun ln Superior Judge Ells
worth's court.
At the very outsot Attorney Eugene
ted many technical i
tlons to the method of procedure, and
thus much time was consumed. Before
th>- first twelve talesmen were put in th"
Jury box and sworn Deuprey ohallengred
r the various sections of
but it was found that summon
ing of the Jurors had been made; ln proper
form. Attorney Deuprey*s tactics fore
ow another long, Btubborn figrht,
Bimilar to that in the Durrant case.
rge number of witnesses have been
summoned to testify. Thoße on behalf of
the people are J. B. Dlckson, Major F.
\V. Dudley, F. Silas, J. M. Scott, Charles
E. Lunsholm, Q. \. Sewall, Captain W.
S. Barnes, Walter M. Murphy, Joseph
Thomas W. Jarvis, John Shinn,
Cl ries EUckett, Joe Uur
nett and Andy Dtrkum.
The witnesses fur the defense from
Comiiany C <>t the Eighth California Re?
■ of Volunteers are Sergeants Pitts,
. iale and Hawkins, Captain W. S.
Barnes, J^ir^t Lieutenant Casstdy, Second
1 1
Taggett, Mays, Robertson and Reed, Pri
vates Eli Brannan, John Johnson, Kin
•!. Ricker, Manuel Vi. rra, C. D.
Howard, H. Wilsey, Thomas Jarvis,
George 8. Pouts, James EMwards, Charles
A kerman, and Fl.F 1 . 11. Den man, cashier of
the Hank uf Sonoma, Jorn C. Thon
A. Anderson, W. Russ and Mrs. Meadors.
In nearly every Instance Judj?e I-^llk
worth overruled Attorney Deuprey' s ob
jection and exceptions were of course
taken. When court adjourned at E o'clock
but four Jurors had been selected— O. L.
Fritz Boehmer, J. L. McCarty and
E. H- •■
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, Oct. IL— The cases of J. F.
Piggott and Calvin Childs, charged with
picking the pocket of -Mrs. Weidermann,
were to-day set by Police Judge Allen for
October 18.
John A. Britton, president of the Oak
land Gas, Light and Heat Company, re
turned to-day from a flying- business trip
to the Bask On the homeward journey
he stopped at the Omaha Exposition.
The first Installment of State and
county taxes for the fiscal year 189S-PD is
now due and will become delinquent the
la.st Monday in November.
A new three-story building has been
added to the Fred Finch Orphanage, the
large Increase In the number of thr
children in the home making this step
necessary.
A. Ruef, administrator, -with will an
nexed, of the state of Gertrude Goldberg,
who died In Weber County, Utah, Novem
ber 17, 1897, to-day filed a petition for the
distribution of certain realty located In
Brooklyn Township valued at about
$1000 and which belongs to the estate.
The Umatilla Mining Company filed ar
ticles of incorporation to-day with County
Clerk Jordan. The purposes include gen
eral mining business, with principal place
of business In Oakland. The directors are
C J. Garland, East Oakland; Daniel W.
BaRS, Seattle, Wash.; D. B. Edwards,
Falrhaven, Wash.; Theresa F. Johnson,
San Francisco, and It. B. Arper, East
Oakland. The capital stock is $50,000, of
which $J54 ha« i>.eenjß.ctu.al)y subscribed*
THE SAX FRAXCISCO OALT,, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEK 12, 1898.
PATENTS THAT
ARE SAID TO
SAVE LIVES
Being Now Fitted to
Railroad Cars.
IMPORTANT EXPERIMENTS
WOULD HAVE PREVENTED THE
NARROW-GAUGE WRECK.
In a Few Weeks a Complete Train
Will Be Fitted With Devices
and Given a
Trial.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 11.
Articles of Incorporation were filed to
day by the Pacillc Car Equipment Com
pany, manufacturers of all kinds of de
vices designed to t>e used in railroad or
carrier business, with its principal place
of business in Oakland. The capital Btock
is $250,000, of which $223,000 has been sub
scribed. The directors are: J. EL Thomp
son, A. C. Rumble, \V. D. Huntington,
Richard Gorrill, M. L. Requa, G. 11.
Strong and F. W. Fry, all of this city.
The Incorporatora own some valuable
patents.
One of the patents owned by the com
pany would have prevented the accident
at the narrow-gauge mole a few months
ago, by which a fireman lost his life be
cause of a derailment of the train. By a
patent drop bar a train can be brought
to a standstill the Instant a whi
derailed. The drop-bars are attached to
each of the trucks and when a wheel
drops either inside or out the air brakes
are at once applied and the train is sud
denly stopped.
Another device is an arrangement by
which whet-Is suddenly locked by the
air brakes are prevented from sliding.
This patent la also allied with the air
brake, and like the drop-bar works au
tomatically. These devices have been
given all kinds of tests, and enough are
already male to equip one ordinary
tram. * They are being fitted to cars of
the Southern Pacific Company, and as
b..on a.s ready the train will be run on an
experimental trip.
Attorney Fry, who Is one of the di
rectors, .says that the devices are so sim
ple that railroad men invariably express
surprise that such contrivances were not
invented years ago. "There is nothing
Intricate or difficult to understand
these things," he said, exhibiting the
sample. "They all depend on the air
brakes and are connected with them. All
automatically, and our practical ex
periments have proved their simplicity
and effectiveness. Railroad men all
the country are ed in the work-
Ing of the train that is now b>i:.L,'
equipped and which will soon be ready."
DIVORCED AND WED
WITHIN SIX MONTHS
I
A PROSPECTIVE GROOM FILES A
UNIQUE APPLICATION.
The Death of His First Wife Enables
Him to Defeat a Recent
Statute.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 11.
Although not yet divorced a year Rich
ard Turner Gray of Uklah was given a li
cense this afternoon to wed Miss Nettie
A. Thompson and an hour later the wed
ding ceremony was quietly performed in
the parlors of the Arlington Hotel. Rev.
C. Pearcc- of Berkeley united the couple.
When ho applied for the license Gray
i filed a novel affidavit, the first one of Its
' kind on record in the County Clerk's
| office. He declared that he is 35 years old
i and that less than six months ago he was
a party to a divorce suit in Yolo County.
Two months ago the first Mrs. Gray died
I at Delande, Flu.., and Gray further states
that since that time he has not been a
1 party to any other action for divorce. He
also adds Miss Thompson has never llg
ured in a divorce suit.
Miss Thompson Is a popular school
teacher at Dixon, but her residence is
now at Berkeley. "When she made known
to her friends the cause of her visit to
Oakland there was much surprise, as the
I secret had been well guarded.
Insane Over Beligion.
OAKLAND, Oct. 11. -Carl ( >. Carlson, a
gardener employed by .Mrs. Driscoll, 1405
Webster street, was examined fur Insan
ity to-day and committed to Stockton by
Judg'i Greene. Carlson Is insane over re
ligion and when arrested about 4 o'clock
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RISIJE for WEAKIEM
cQ, —
VS^y Prof.JulesLaborde'sWondeir-
CQ^~-L ful French Preparation of
o^iimiisism\ Calthos that Restores
Lost
Wm^( R "ays' Trial Treatment
n }<f^X{lf \ ABSOLUTELY FREE
O%r?%J 1 1 Vj by Sealed Mail
I i \ 1 NO *' COD - t ' OR "DEPOSIT" SCHEiIB
r^v^%w&2 1 ■I^'v'^M M ln ° V( ' ' walk of llfo - anr ' tlie rs are many such
ps^S^Ss^ 1 B^ttiQi * who vlrtl!:ll: "' weak men by blackmailing and
T <&^Wo% / Svi^tfl^ *'i ; C. O. D. schemes. Remember in particular that
|QbE m I IfeMffiiPjffi P" this offer Is made by the Yon Mohl Co., a coin-
\{ / ,£=s, I j , pany which is repnonslble and reputable In
i J _»j r v' I every Bonse of the word.
J£—J JS^ V iS* // *' you su ' Ter from Lost Manhood (no matter
I^^^^^" \ xV" how caused). Spermatorrhoea, ■■...■•.-.. % Weak-
(gpr >^t\ ness of any nature in "' Sexual Organs or
x^^ft Nerves, or If the parts are Undeveloped or have
shrunken or wasted away, "Calthoa" will re-
Introduced in thl. wontry bj t!,r \.., M wmmm
nervous debility. Over five thousand cures have dayS- IT WILL BE SENT IN A PLAIN'
been reported from the use of "Calthos" In a SEALED PACKAGE BY PREPAID MAIL*,
few months The Yon Mohl Co. offers to put In the quiet of your home you run try It and
"Calthoß" in the han,, of every suffer^ free ■£ what, MSSmMft nothing tfj 1 *
of any charge, the company paying the cost of j secU rity required-no C. O. D. scheme-no
packing, mailing, etc. A five days' trial treat- blackmailing propositions. All correspondence
ment of "Calthoe" will be sent free In a sealed relating to the "Calthos" department of our
package to all sufferers who write asking for It. business Is strictly confidential :
All they retire 1, that you take the remedy J e^ u^ h e gr «gg* •gg-gWj
as directed. THE YON MOHL CO.. DOS B, CINCINNATI
When you read thin notice remember there is •OHIO, Largest Importers of Standard Prepara-
, no trickery. beb.l»l l\Jfbff* W% <f^h«iwt pep [ ttggft in^h^fffiUgd, Btatpv .^
this morning had $83 on his person. His
: 2 years.
Decree Determining Death.
OAKLAND. Oct. 11.— Judge Ellsworth
to-day gave a decree, on petition of H. H.
Todd, proprietor of Park Hotel, Alameda,
determining that Sarah E. B. Todd is
dead and that certain real estate located
on Everett street, Alameda, standing In
her name was community property. The
deceased was the wife of petitioner, and
died in Alameda about eight weeks ago.
. ♦ .
FRESHMEN CAME OUT AHEAD.
Interesting Football Match Upon the
Campus of the University of
California.
BERKELEY, Oct 11. -One of the most
closely contested football games of the
a so fur was played upon the uni
versity campus this afternoon between
the Olympic lightweights and the lurke
ley fresbmi a. The play put up by both
sides throughout seemed not unworthy of
devotees of the pigskin.
The two teams lined up as follows:
Berkeley. Position. Olympics.
Puden ..." Center Gendottt
Clay Left guard Pray
North Klght guard Chad wick
Albertson L ft tackle Huff
Fergusson Right tackle Hamilton
Wa nkle Left end Htarne
Hill Right end Masters
Llppman Left half McNevin
Smith Right half Wilson
M re Fullback Garrick
Klnzie (captain).. Quarter Keller (captain)
After the first kick-off the Olympics
gained ground till within a few yards of
Berkeley's goal, and it seemed as if they
would have the game their own way. but
through the good services of More's kick
ing the ball came into the center of the
lield again, and from then on kept, for the
greater part of the time, on the Olympics
side. It was essentially a bucking and
kicking game, in which the quick work
of the Berkeley men gained the day.
At the end of the first hall neither side
had scored. Soon after the game was re
sumed More of Berkeley made the sensa
tional play of the afternoon. The ball was
: within a few yards of the Olympic line
i when More took a charge over the two
teams and landed a touchdown. lor the
i remainder of the same the Olympics were
forced to resort to strong defensive play,
: In which Wilson showed up to good effect.
Change of Schedule.
ALAMEI'A, Oct. 11.— The Alamfrta,
Oakland and Piedmont Electric Railway
Company has inaugurated a new schea- >
ule on Us syndicate lines, which went
EEect this morning. The cars will
no longer stop at Park street and return, ;
but run from the power house, on the
marsh via Santa Clara avenue. Park
uid East Oakland to the terminus
teenth street without change re
turning the same way. Going toward
Oakland <:n^ leave the power house and
go via Webster and Thirteenth streets
to Washington street and return.
Handball Tournament.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 11.— The double hand
ball tournament of the Encinal Recrea
tion Club Is still attracting much atten-
The fourth series of games, four in
number, were played last night The
rs and Bcores wore as follows: ,
First game— Lamb and walker uuendi- !
cap 26 points), the score stood 51; against
Conkej and Elster (handicap 2G points),;
nd game— Marshall and Orr (han
dicap 26 points), score 61; against Hamil- |
ton and Larkin (handicap 26 points), score
Third game— Stubbs and Brewer (han
dicap 26 points), score 51; against Royle
and W Ryder (handicap 21 points), score ;
0 The game wi : won by default.
11. Ryder and Hamma ,
(scratch), score 51; against Innea and
Gubbe (.scratch), score 33.
ALL ABOUT FIGHTERS.
"Spider" Kelly and Fred Muller
Have Been Matched by the
Western Club.
Tho directors of the Merchants' Ath- j
letlc ( Ilub ng (l " a great c I
■ the welter-weight cham
en Al Neil and Young:
Fltzsimmons, who will box ci
at the club's monthly entertainment. The
tling mutch between Steve Vici
Maurice !-• --i should also prove very inter
esting, as the athletes are well versed in ,
' catch-as-catch-can.
Western Athletic Club will eive its I
next fistic show on November IS. "Spider
Kelly and Fred Muller were matched yes
i {,i box twenty rounds, and "Jock
md "Kid" McPadden have
matched to box twelve rounds,
mbered that Maynard de-
I McFadden at Woodward's Pavilion ;
,ng ago In a ten-round contest.
• Tin' referee awarded to him a fn\
se he scored the greater
The Excelsior Club Is In correspond
ence with Gus Ruhling, ami according to!
lent Kennedy the prospects of a
match between Ruhllng and Jot- Kennedy,
eavy-weight who defeated Stelzner
-:■, are very favorable. The club
ded to match Jack Bonner against
Kennedy, but as Bonner Is at best only
trong middle-weight, the din I i
thought a ci ntest b< tween Ruhllng and
Kennedy would be a much bettor drawing
' can!. Doubtless Professor Watson will
' take Kennedy in charge.
Tom O'Rourke has written to a friend >
In this city that he will start for the West
some tins- In the latter part of November. |
He expects to arrange a match between:
Pulto, the Australian, and Dixon lv this j
, city.
Miss liood Remembered.
At a meeting of the «.'hamber of <""nm
merce yesterday a vote of thanks, as ex
■ 1 In a resolution, was passed to
Miss Cora June Flood for her generous
Kifi of the San Mateo property to the
p, i pie of the State as represented by Its
. i;;,-! 1 Institution of learning. A resolu
tion in memoriam was passed upon the.
death of the late Mark Strouse, The
chamber decided to permit the State
Dairymen's Association t" hold its rrtru
lar convention in the rooms of the cham
ber on the 14th and 15tli i
CONDEMNED ANOTHER
FILTHY KITCHEN
DELICACIES COOKED TTNDEB A
LEAKY HOPPER.
The Delicatessen Shop of One Win
ters Is Closed for Repairs by-
Inspector Dockery.
Inspector Dockery has unearthed and
mned another filthy kitchen.
where tamales and other dainties of the
delicatessen counters are prepared for
general sale.
The condemned cookery Is In the rear
of a delicatessen shop owned by a man
named Winters at 147 Taylor street. It is
built in under the second floor porch of
a lodgingr-house, htm! la as dirty a hole
as can well be imagined.
In one corner is a two-story chicken
coop filled with poultry of all ages and
conditions; a filthy closet is built in an
other corner, and the range occupies an
other. There Is no ventilation and little
light. . . .
On the floor of the porch above, wnicn
also dots Bervice aa the rooi of the
kitchen, is a slop hopper, which is In an
almost constant state of overflow. The
overflow splashes through the cracks of
the porch floor and odorously blends
with the cooking dainties on the range
beneath, and in this combination finally
reaches the unsuspecting delicacy lov
!)lic - ... ..
Inspector Dockery said he couldn t
stand it, and ordered business in the
shop to cease until necessary repairs and
improvements had been made.
Manufacturing Perjured Testimony.
Tsang Hip, said to be a clerk in the
wholesale liquor firm of Yik Fong & Co.,
at C2t> Jackson street, was arrested yester
day by order of Deputy Surveyor St.
John while In the act of pmuggllng a let
ter to Chan Ling Hong, a Chinese lmml
APVEBTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakne- i resulting
! from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele. or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. /.,
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State j
' Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank j
Building. Fort Wayne. Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
Is desirous of reaching that great clas
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Jta. Steamers leave Broadway
r*rp>T^ wharf, San Francisco:
-'■• j?^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
' |ifflw«»* Oct. 3. 8, 13, 18. 23. H Nov. 2.
■LbEwKI transfer at Seattle.
■ £tT§£'SN J?kl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fl^^rttJaSfil C.l, Port Townsend. Seattle.
r^^^HKSffi Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash), 10
a m., Oct. 3. 13. 18, 23. 28. Nov.
2 and every fifth day thereafter, transfer at
Seattle t^tfilß company's steamer. for Alaska
and O. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P. Ry., at
VFV F n or OU^rek°a C (Humbo y Bay). I p. m.. Oct.
1 6 It 13 21. 26. 81. Nov. 6. and every fifth
d ' a /or bB slnfa e ''-c z. Monterey. San Simeon.
CaVucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
GavlSta!' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
Sa a n Pedro Eaßt San Pedro (Los Anglg) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Oct. 4. 8. 12. 16.20. -4. is, xnov.
1 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan r>l"R-o. FtorpinK only at Port Har-
ford fP.-n Lulh 6bt«Po), Santa Barbara. Port
*iZ SSJSSSSSSi Bay. San Jose de,
raVo MazatlaS Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
an,l Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of every
Information obtain folte.
The comrnny rfp-rves the right to chantre
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
all O > KKT f OFFICE — t New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
St GOODALL. PERKINS «- CO.. Gen. Arts..
GOOIA ' 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FART STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Clns3 Including Berths
lAnl- $8 Second Class and Meals,
Geo W. Elder Falls Oct. 7. 16. 25, Nov. 3.
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19. 28. Nov. 6
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31. Nov. 9.
Short ■ line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agrent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.,
Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique,
r ° (French Llrve)
DIRECT LINE TO HA""RE-PARIB -*«£»
(FRANCE). Saillr- every Saturday <J^R^fi
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North •**£«*. j
River, foot of Morton street.
LA CAMPAGNE : Oct. 15
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22
LA NORMANDIE Oct. M
LA TOURAINE i Nov. 5
LA GASCOGNH Nor. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE ■ Nov. 19
First class to Havre $90 and upward. 5 per
crrit reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre 145: 10 per cent reduction round trip.
OENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling: Green. New York.
J. F. FUOAZI ><• CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
15 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
■itnrai"J X AUSTRALIA
i^^^SniKrVfl! 8 " 1 " 9 fnr Honolulu only
KfjjTsS»yß*S»Sß(^Vf(lne»day, October 19,
PHMgoanaafl a The PSP S "k. MARIPOSA
I|K:Mbll| anils for H-ri lulu only
mV flWlUlVi , .ln-5 -...>-. U'lober 19,
■ /'T^N a Vln''? *af. MARIPOBA ~
SißZiTKninJ ° nlI ' ; vlrl Honolulu ami ;
GnCdnlJliiK Auckland for Sydney
Xy^&r ('^(nß3r-M"* '" ln f!ay ' November |
VJHiPQI4fIT2, at 2 p. m.
j no to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J D BPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents,
*■ ■ 114 Montgomery ot.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AiJD KIVEB STEAMSBS.
"RSI 17 NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Stenmer "Monticello."
Men.. Trie*.. Wed.. Thure. and 5at.. .........
9-45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thar».»
TPridayß 1 P- ni. and S:3O p. m.
Sundays • 10:30 a. m. and p. m.
Landing and offices— Mission Dock. Pier I
T»l«pnon> Red S4L
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERT DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO, at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 50c: round trip, Tic.
Delightful Bay Excursions. Alviso and return,
75c.
•"^"fe. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
MtrytaJ^ 625 KEABNY NT. Established
&J*f&*'\J«Ck In 1^.14 for tho treatment of I'iivato
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEARNY »T. Established
In IS5# for tho trfatnient of }'i lvato
TUspusPß. Lost Manhood. Debility or
fllseasnwparlno; on body and mind and
bkin Dlsritsps. I'be doctor cures when
7wE**&TOB "tilers fall. Try him. Charges low
('areicnar:iiil4*''d. CHllorwrlto.
iO'r. J.l', v Xi* JtVS. Sox 11)37. ciuu iVfißCiaeo,
grant, who arrived on the BMRic last
July. Hip gave Hun? a package coi
Ing ?!2 and a letter in Chinese. Customs
ctor Stevens seized the letter and
I r. Gardner, Interpreter of
the Chim ac Bureaa. The letter proved
to bo a memorandum of instructions con
cerning the testimony to be given by a
iger expected from China in a few
months.
JOSEPH BALCER MISSING.
He Entered a Saloon and Has Never
Been Seen Since.
Th? officers of the Kureka Society for
the Protection of Children are Investigat
ing a peculiar ease in which a married
man disappeared in a mysterious manner j
on the 15th ult. The mm'g name is Jo- ,
seph Balcer, whose family, consisting of
a wife and two little children, live at 5 |
Hanover place. On the date mentioned
he and his wife were walking- alons Mar- |
ket street, near Sixth, and he complained
of not feeling well. "Excuse me for a I
minut. ." said he, "I will return and over- |
take you a little further down the street." j
r passed into a saloon and that is i
the last the wife has seen of him. She
went back to the saloon and inquired for
her husband, but no one had noticed him
enter.
Balcer worked In a canning and pack
ing-company and was well thought of. It
is believed that he did not have much
money when last seen.
The wife cannot account for his strange
disappearance. She said that there was
nothing in the homo life nor in his busi
ness affairs that she knew of that would '
cause him to leave so suddenly. The be- |
lief is that something was the matter j
with his mind. Mrs. Balcer is nearly dis
tracted and not in a position to oarry the :
search any further, so she applied to the j
society for help.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OT CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
BACRAMKXTO, July 30th. 1898.
TvTTRTtEAE, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin- j
ning on the fourth day of January. A. D. 1897, :
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wlt:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONES.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen ot article eleven ot the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section is. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district Bhall in-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for it ■ * or !
such year without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the |
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such indebtedness as It falls |
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund fcr the payment of the principal thereor
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
came: provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
reve'nua of any succeeding year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of ar.y Fewer or sewers in said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of "this section: and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallelo in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of its watsr works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or nubility Incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
Ehail be
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Etate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants or
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section VV4. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years.- qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
eubmitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
cower of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied by th« President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seat of such county,
Betting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
».mon£ the archives of the county.
All courts shall take judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
amended, at intervals of not less than two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
Wlslative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
-mv alternative article or proposition may be
Presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot el shall be competent In all eotmty govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the, manner - In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which " the several township and county officers
other than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
be elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
and for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times In which, and tile terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
ekXi™r appointed and for the constitution,
r..Biilntlon compensation and government of
such boards. an! of their clerks and attaches;
also to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may in addition determine the
te«ts and conditions upon which electors, po-
litical parties and organizations, may partlci-
oate In any primary election. the manner
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
county government act. and the came shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a -vstem of county governments throughout
the State, and likewise providing for th* elec-
tion and appointment of officers and the regru-
laUon of their compensation, shall not apply
R«id county government act shall, as to any of
«£ inttters Wlnabore provided for and de-
clared by such county government act. not be
subirct to any law cr amendment enacted by
the leelslature. except by amendment first
submitted to the electors and ratified in the
manner berehiabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a n«w section,
in be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a court, to be known a? the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Section SH- The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims Fhnll have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the SUte'. under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature,' and
its Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall .be held as fol-
lows: ■ ■ ... ■ ...
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of Ban . Francisco,
commencing on the second: Monday in July.
and
i la the City of 6a«MU?Rtp, sccuataclns en
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«Z2i C±£Ei £Ei £2i d^ O
t ' KnTaBS
When the tears of the reife.
! the love of the mother, the
pleading- of the sister. ? the
command of the tatter, the
helping hand of the bjrdther,
I and the kind word of 'friends
! have all failed, in thefrturn—
send him to the Keeley Insti-
tute and let him be CURED—
never to drink again.
Write for Information.
THE KEELEY INSTITUTES,
1176 Market St, San Francisco,
Donohoe Building.
232 North Mala Street, Los Angeles
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
Jrh«^. nd MM v On ,1 aT of November of each yea*.
?er»lv« dd * M ho!dln * such t«™ of court shall
Ik i n< ? eTtra compensation therefor, but
shall receive their aCtual expenses, to be pall
Th« ° f **?• general fund of the State treasury.
£ „ ff . atur * Bhall enact a " laws necessary
rpri.^PfJ^ e 8 - ucn court to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions)
ot mis section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
, No. 37.)
<?£»« re 1 tl i t !? to Propose 'to the people of th«
stunt. « C ? ! 'f° rnla an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
se< i^ on " umber fly and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th«
eaia proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6%. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article eh «-» not. nor ehaJl any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city %nd county government
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
nave become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
Btate of California an amendment of sectloa
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of th«
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 16. A Lieutenant Oovernor shall d«
elected at the same time and place and In th»
Barne manner as the Oovernor. and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
enly have a casting vote therein.
Section 18. In case of the Impeachment o«
the Oovernor. or his removal from office, death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from tho
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the)
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be)
Impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act ac Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election whea
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senat«
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall b«
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the Stat»
of Callforn'a. relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from,
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to tha support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In sv
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall be taught which)
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
Is proposed to amend said section to read as)
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of Its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
In session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agre*
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall b*
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete Its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, an*
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of th«
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of th»
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of thai
State of California, to the qualified electors fop
their approval," approved March 7, A. D. 1883. :
the above-described proposed amendments ar*
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of th»
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 189 S.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following-
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One. being Senate
• Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Yes
of Vallejo for the construction of Its .
water works from the provisions of N«
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year in which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? !
Amendment Number Two, being Senate
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Yes
(providing for framing local county- . '
government acts by inhabitants of N« •
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? •
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Yes
against the State, and to consist of • .
three Superior Judges designated by N»
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? !
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 3* (exempting consolidated cities Yes
and counties, organized or to be or- ■ ■
ganized, or holding a charter un- N« -
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? l !
Amendment - Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38 (relating to office of Governor, Yes
providing for succession thereto In - .
certain cases and removing disability N»
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? '
Amendment Number Sir, being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Yes
(relating to and defining Grammar - <
Schools). N^
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Yes
Legislature for not tew than thirty . .
nor more than sixty days during each No ;
session).
For the Amendment?
•Witness my hand and the Great Seal of th«
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L.. U. BROWN, Secretary, of. SUls», .
IS6AL.J ,_ ■ - ■ ....
910
COMMON CARRIER
NOT EXEMPT FROM
PAYING WAR TAX
Circuit Court of Michigan Lays
Down the Law as to Ex
press Companies.
Are Violating the Provisions of the Revenue
Act When They Compel Patrons to
Buy the Stamp.
CHICAGO, Oct. 11.— An opinion of
great interest In relation to the duties
of express companies has come from
the Circuit Court of Michigan. It shows
that the common carrier la not exempt
from paying the share of the war rev
enue tax allotted by Conpress. All over
the country express companies have
been trying to evade these payment:
resorting to every subterfuge likely to
Bccure delay, this beinp regarded as al
most as good as an actual victory. The
course of the Wells- Fargo Company ha?
been remarked on hen- as similar to that
of the American. It was the American
which had sought to make its patrons
Bhoulder its war tax, but its contention
vr&a so identical in character with that
of the Wells-Fargo Company that the
one opinion covers the two cases
equally well. It is given in full below:
The petition in this case is liled for the
purpose of procuring- a mandamus to com
pel the American Express Company, re
epondent. to accept goods offered to it by
certain shipper? for transportation, and to
receive and transport the same to their
destination, and it is claimed that the
express company refused to so transport
the same unless the shipper pay for the
revenue stamp which the law requires to
be affixed to the receipt, which the ex
press company -is required to give to the
shipper. The shipper having declim
do this, this application Is for the purpose
of requiring tne American Express Com
pany to so transport Bald package!
to affix the required stamp to ttie n
The rirsi question raised bj the respond
ent is that the Circuit «\.urt has no juris
diction over the company. f° r the reason
that the respondent, the American I'.x
preas Company, is a joint stock associa
tion, and the only authority the Circuit
Court has to Issue a mandamus is under
rule 46 of the Supreme Court that "Cir
cuit Courts shall nave jurisdiction, within
their respective counties, in ail mandamus
proceedings involving the action of an offi- j
cer or board of any county, township, city
or school district, or or the Common ;
Council of any city or village. aJid the
action of any private corporation or offi
cer or board thereof."
It is contended that under this rule no
power Is granted to the Circuit O>urt to
issue writs of mandamus as against such
joint stick associations.
1 am of the opinion that it was the in
tention of the Supreme Court to include
all joint stock associations under the \
term private corporations. To hold oth
erwise would, in my opinion, be to put >
too narrow a construction upon the rule, j
for a joint stock ass to all in
tents and purposes a corporation, and I
see no good reason why. under the term
corporation, a joint .stock association
would not be included.
I think that the suit Is properly com
menced in the name of the Attorney Gen
eral, although the remedy is sought by
private parties.
The main question to be determined is,
whether the shipper or the express com
pany shall pay for the reven le stamp
required by the act of Congress. The re
spondent, the American Express Com
pany, being a common carrier, and the
question belng%one of pu st. in
which all i oda are inter
ested, and a common carrier being re
quired to receive and transport g
i»o manner by whom offered, it' proper
rules iind regulations are made by thy
carrier are complied with, i set isu im
propriety in the intervention of the At
torney General in this matter, in the
application for this writ.
J ii my opinion the jurisdiction of this
court in the premises cannot be success
fully d:sp . the remedy sought;
can' only be applied to the case in hand,
and that is to compel the respondent to
receive and transport the goods and fur
nish a proper receipt In the case now
actually before tne court. 1 cannot see
how any decision of ti.is court can be
made to alitct or control any cases that
may arise in tho future.
It" was claimed upon the argument that i
the petition did not state that the i
charges were paid or offered to be paid i
upon the packages that wen; offered for
shipment; but this question was aban
doned upon the argument, aud it was left
for the court to decide it the same as if '
these charges had been tendered; so the ■.
question ot the tender of these charges j
to the respondent, tJic express company,
is by the agreement of counsel eliminated
from the case.
The serious question presented for the
consideration of the court In this issue 1
is whether under the act of Congress
passed for the purpose of raising revenue
It Is rhe legal duty of the express com
pany to attach to the receipt or bill of
lading a revenue stamp as the law lv
aulres.
As I understand, the law applying to
this subject is round in schedule A of the
revenue law of iM*s, and is as follows:
"Express and freight— lt shall be the
duty of every railroad or steamboat com
pany, carrier, express company or corpor
ation, or person whose occupation is to !
act as such, to Issue to th<? shipper or con- I
Bignor, or his agent, or person from whom
any goods are accepted for transportation,
a bill of lading, manifest or other
evidence of receipt and forwarding,
for such shipment received for car
riage and transportation, whether in
bulk or in boxes, bales, packages |
or bundles, or not so inclosed or In
cluded; and there shall be duly attached I
and canceled, as in this act provided, to
each of such bills of lading, manifests, or
other memoranda, and to such duplicate ,
thereof, a stamp of the value of one I
This is the main portion of the law ap- j
plying to the question in hand.
It is manifest to me that It is the in
tentlon of Congress to require the ex- j
press companies to deliver to the person :
offering for shipment any goods or pack- ;
ages a receipt for the .same, and it re- I
quires said receipt to have attached to it :
a revenue stamp of one cent. This makes
it clear in my mind that it is the duty of j
the express company to deliver to such !
shipper a full and complete receipt; and a ;
receipt would not be full and complete or i
legal unless it had attached to it a can- |
celed revenue stamp of the value of one j
cent.
And the same act provides that "any
failure to issue the said bill of lading,
manifest or other memorandum aa herein
provided, shall subject such railroad or i
steamboat company, carrier, express com- \
pany, or corporation or person to a pen- I
alty of $50, lor each offense, and no such ,
bill of lading, manifest, or other memo
randum shall be used in evidence unless it '
shall be duly stamped as aforesaid."
From these provisions it is clear to me
that such a receipt would not be valid as
evidence in any court of law, or good for ;
any other purpose, were It issued with- !
out the said stamp being attached; and if i
the law requires— as It plainly does— the I
express company to issue this receipt, it '
requires the issuing of such receipt as j
shall be good in law, to wit: one with the
proper stamp attached.
In the brief furnished me by counsel for
respondents it la claimed that the re
spondents decided to raise and did raise !
tnelr rates on the shipment of various
packages one cent, for the purpose of j
meeting the changed conditions made by j
the act of Congress referred to, and they
claim that under this right to affix rea
sonable charges for the transportation of !
packages they have a right to increase the i
amounts one cent for each package for
the purpose of meeting the additional ex
pense required by this stamp duty.
It is true, as I h.ive looked at this ques
tion, that the express company, the re- •
ppondent, had a right to determine within
reasonable limits what its charges would
be for the transportation of goods
through its office or offices; but the right
to determine and make reasonable
charges for the transportation of goods
is, In my opinion, a different thing from
the Increase of rates which had hereto
fore teen deemed reasonable, for the pur-
V'sp of evading the payment of the tax
directed by Congress for the raising of
revenue for carrying on the war. In my
opinion, this increase of amount charged
for the transportation of packages is not
in any sense for the purpose of meeting
any additional expense that the express
company may be ;»ut to for the carrying
• - transportation of these packages, but
was added for the express purpose, as is
practically admitted In this case, of
transferring the burden of paying a por
tion of the revenue ne • ssary to carry on
the war from the shoulders of the ex
preps company to those of Its patrons.
The raising of the rate of one cent upon
> ach package is, in effect, to impede tho
op. ration of the law, and therefore ille
gal. 1 do not believe, under any view
that may be taken of the law. that any
court could properly encourage a corpo
ration or person In thus avoiding a duty
which Is clearly imposed on it by the act
of Congress. It would be against public
policy to the just burdens imposed by
the law-making power to thus avoid it,
and it is clearly apparent to the court
that tids is the intention of the respond
ent. It may be burdensome upon the re
spondent to have to pay this tax. All
taxes are burdensome. But as it is im
posed clearly by the law-making power,
It Is the duty of the courts, regardless of
consequi-nces, to enforce it.
It was naid upon the argument that the
stamps were required to be affixed, put
upon articles sold by Individuals, such as
proprietary medicines and the like, and
that the price of the articles was in
creased the amount of the revenue stamp,
bo as to require the purchaser to pay it.
I think the principle In the one case is
entirely different from that in the other. ;
In the case of the proprietary medicines,
a purchaser need not purchase the article
unless he sees fit; the seller is not re
to tell it; they arc private people!
dealing with eaoli other, and they can
determine between themselves and must
determine, between themselves who must !
pay the revenue. ' As a common carrier, I
whose duty It is by law to transport these
articles, Is In the nature, to say the least,
of a quasi public body, with a duty im
posed by law, and that duty cannot be :
avoided. They must transport the ar
tides: the law requires them to do it; ,
and they must comply with all the con- i
ditions of the law before the article is to
be transported by them. The principles
In these two cases are different. It is not
a parallel case to say that private per
dealing with each other are to be
judged upon the same legal principles as ;
those involved in this case now before the :
court.
The writ of mandamus will Issue.
IN SHELL AND SKIFF
ON RUSSIAN RIVER
SEVERAL EXCITING CONTESTS
PROMISED.
All the Rowing Clubs on the Bay
Have Entered Representatives
for the Querneville
Regatta.
The rowing men of this city and the
Guernevllle people are working hard to
insure the success of the regatta to be
held on Russian River on October 15 and
10. Fifteen men were employed all la.st
week In leveling sites for the grand
stand and restaurant, cutting away
shrubbery, setting up tables and making
other preparations for the reception of
visitors. The grand stand Is substantially
built and will accommodate several hun
dred spectators, affording to all a full and
uninterrupted view of the coura« from
start to finish.
Last Sunday S. J. Pembroke, J. R.
Bockman, W. C. Espy A. P. Kothkopf,
11. A. Wldemann, N. Calnon and J. \V.
Morton wont up by the early morning
train to Guernevllle to make arrange
ments for accommodating the visiting
oarsmen and their friends and for housing
boats; to mark out the course, lay out the
ground for tents, and settle other de
tails. H. A. Wldemann swam across the
river at the point where the water polo
contests will take place and found the
water to be amply deep enough. The float
ing goals will be right in front of the
grand stand. A restaurant will be in op
eration with tables and seats for 20.)
people, and meals will be served at mod
erate i ses.
The following members of the regatta
committee of the Paciuc Association met
last night: A. P. Rothkopf of the Dol
phins, J. R. Bockman of the Ariels, W. C.
Espy of the Pioneers, J. W. Morton of
the Olympics and A. H. Schimpf of the
Tritons. The following programme was
drawn up:
SATTTRDAT, OCTOBER 15.
1. Senior skiff race. Entries: Dr. C. C. Den
nis of the South Ends, C. Ochs of the Pioneers
and F. Wilson of the Ariels.
2. Shell race. Entries: G. W. Phelan of the
Ariel? and T. R. Keenan of the Dolphins.
3. Canoe race. Entries: C. Ochs of the Pio
neers and Victor C&grllerl of the Dolphins.
INTERVAL.
4. Barge race. Entries: Pioneers, Artels and
South Ends.
6. Water polo. Dolphins vs. Alamedas.
6. Junior «klff race. Entries: James Mc-
Kenna of the Artels, Atwell Webb of the
Alarnedas and H. Wllber of tho Pioneers.
T. Tug-of-war. South Ends and Arlels vs.
Pioneers and A lambdas.
BUNDAT, (XTOHER 16.
1. Barge race. Entrlea: Olympics, Dolphins
and Alamedas.
2. Junior skiff race. A. F. Schuppert of the
Tritons. J. I^yons of the South Ends and the
winner of Saturday's race.
S. i 'anof race between J. S. Earls of the Dol
phins and George fallopy of the Pioneers.
INTERVAL.
4. Senior nklff race between F. Ayera of the
Alnmedae and the Brat and second men In
Saturday's race.
5. Barge race. Final heat between the win
ners of the previous heats.
6. Tug-of-war In boats between teams rep
resenting all the rowing clubs.
The boats to be used in the regatta will
bo tfiken up to Guerneville by the train i
leaving t ho* city at n a. m. Rppresenta- !
tlves of the rowing clubs will take charge
of them, to see that they are properly '■
stowed on the cars, and, when tttey reach
Guerneville, men will be ready to receive
them and place them under shelter.
The following officers of the regatta
were appointed: President, W. P. Fergu
son; referee, L. J. Pembroke; starteT,
Emmett Harden ; timers, H. A. Pless, J.
Keenan and J. T. Sullivan; Judges, E.
Shea, A. Taylor, J. S. Earls, W. O. I
Patch, D. Everett and Dr. C. C. Dennis. |
The regatta committee consists of W. [
C. Espy of the Pioneers, J. R. Bockman
of the Arlels, A. H. Schlmpf of the Tri- !
tons, J. W. Morton of the Olympics, A. !
11. Rothkopf of the Dolphins, M. Breen
of the Sotith Ends, and B. J. Pembroke !
of the Alamedas.
Tickets for the special train leaving the
city at 6:30 p. m. on Saturday may be ob- j
tamed from members of the committee at I
one dollar for the round trip. The con- |
testants have been furnished with trans- ■■
portation, meal and berth tickets. On I
the arrival of the special train a grand
bail will be given, to which all contest
ants and their friends will be admitted
free. A few will go up by the Friday i
evening train, and many more by the j
Sunday morning train.
ARTICLES SIGNED BY
CORBETT AND SHARKEY
NEW YORK, Oct. 11.— Articles of
agreement for a flght between James
THE SAIST FEANCISCO CALIi, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1898.
J. Corbett and Thomas Sharkey, to take
place on November 22, under the aus
pices of the Lenox Athletic Club for a
$20,000 purse, were signed to-night by
George F. Consicline for Corbett, Tom
O'Rourke for Sharkey and Joseph Vac
ius for the Lenox Athletic Club. A for
feit of $2500 is to be deposited by both
principals and by the club to guarantee
the fulfillment of the articles.
FATAL AFFRAY
BETWEEN SOLDIERS
NASHVIIiT.B, Term., Oct. 11.— A special
to the Banner from Huntsville, Ala., says
that one soldier was killed, two fatally
wounded and two others seriously hurt
at Camp Wheeler to-day. Soon after the
arrival of the Tenth Cavalry one of the
members was arrested by the provost
guard for disorderly conduct, and an at
tempt was made by his comrades to re
lease him. One was shot, whereupon tho
negroes in the train seized their arms and
the shooting became general. Three
Tenth Cavalrymen were wounded, two of
them fatally. The provost guard lost Cor
poral McLaughlin, Company I, Sixteenth
Infantry, killed, and Privates Miles, Com
pany M, and Larkin, Company I>, were
seriously wounded.
Maria Teresa Will Go North.
Special cable to The Tall ar.d the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gor
don Bennett.
CAIMANKRA. Cuba, Oct. 11.— There Is
pmspect of the Infanta Maria Teresa sail
ing north ten days hence. A coaling sta
tion has been established on shore.
MUST PROVE
HIS WORTH
Continued from First Page.
: Mr. Williams' history was brought to
; light yesterday afternoon through the fll
' ing In the Sheriff's office of an attachment
i for $772 S5, sworn out against him by the
' Studebaker Bros." Manufacturing Com
: puny of South Bend, Ind., through their
i San Francisco branch house.
Accompanying the attachment there
! comes a sensational story from the Stude
! bakers of a prolonged chase after Wil
; liams, including vain endeavors to ascer
tain his whereabouts in San Francisco.
Spies were placed upon his track. The
final meeting between L. F. Weaver, gen
\ eral Western manager of the Studebaker
1 Company, and Williams was an excit
ing one, WilliamH growing exceedingly
j angry, swearing at Weaver and declar
ing that he never would pa.y the
; Studebaker claim. Weaver then wired
| some hot messages to the home office
In Indiana and Instructions came to
j collect the bill at any cost. He
■■ then turned thp account over to Attorney
George A. Rankin, with orders to push
the ense in the courts. At this juncture
Chester N\ Weaver, cashier of the Stude
baker house nt Tenth ririd Market streets.
In this city, s;f.v a small notice in one of
the Sunday papers stating that Williams
' was to be married. He at once notified
his brother, 1.. P. Weaver, who bad
started East on business, and also wir>-d
the South Bend office. An Immediate an
swer was received Monday last, advising
attachment proceedings. Cashier Weaver
accordingly visited Attorney Rankin and
the papers wore drawn up ready for filing
yesterday morning. The story of Wil
liams" past life was then printed In The
Call, much to tho nsTonlshpnt of the local
representative of the Studebaker house.
The expose contained news which the lo
cal house lost no time in wiring to South
Bend.
In the meantime a Deputy Sheriff, was
having serious trouble in an endeavor to
secure service on Williams. The latter ap
parently had no desire to meet the dep
uty on the rye of his wedding day, and
the latest report to the Btudebakers %vns
that the bridegronm-to-be had not been
found.
C"a<=hier Weaver, brother of tho general
manager of the Studebakor Company,
was seen at his home on Central avenue
and Fell street last night.
"I am perfectly willing to tell all of the ;
circumstances surrounding this matter,"
he remarked. "Williams owed the Stude
baker Brothers' Manufacturing Com
lay $772 iss for carriages and buggies
which he had purchased from the South
Bend factory and which had been shipped
to him at Johannesburg, South Africa. \
Ho was In the carriage and buggy busi
ness there, I believe. 110 was <iulte an
extensive customer at the outset, paying
his bills promptly. Later the payments
lagged and finally the last $772 85 could
not be collected. Williams left Smith
Africa and came to the I'nlterl States. !
The Studebakera made persistent efforts
to get their money, but to no avail. Finally
they learned that Williams had reached
San Francisco, and they forwarded their
account here to a lawyer for collection.
The lawyer could not find Williams. H'>
had a man out looking for him. but
finally gave up the job and wrote to the
South' Kend office that he could not han
dle the bill."
"This was several months ago. The
company was determined, however, t.>
get the money and sent the account to
our branch bouse here, turning It over to
my brother, the manager, lie begun a
search for Williams, putting an agent on
his track in an effort to secure an Inter
view, but of no avail. Williams was
known to bft In the city, but he was hard
to find. We thought that he kept out of
our way. It seemed strange that he could
not be located. Finally our agent ascer
tained that Williams was occasionally in
the habit of dropping In at the building
22i Parker street, and he waited there
for htm by the hour. Still there was no
finding the man we wanted. At last a tin
was received that Williams would visit
the place at a certain hour the next day,
and my brother decided to go and pre
sent the bill. He was there when Wil
liams arrived, surprised and angry. Wil
liams worked himself into a towerin-g
rage and used the most abusive language,
cursing and swearing, vowing that he did
not owe the money and would never pay
the account.
"My brother left and went to gee the
company's lawyer, Mr. Rankin. Steps to
collect the bill by drastic measures were
,-it once arranged and my brother went
PJast on business, leaving the matter in
my hands. I had the attachment papers
drawn up Monday morning, intending to
have them filed on Tuesday. What was
my surprise when 1 saw In Tuesday's
Call the whole story of Williams' career.
1 bad supposed that I knew something
about him before, but it was evident that
1 had labored under a sad mistake. What
effect the revelations will have on the
settlement of our claim I cannot predict,
lie owes us the money. There 1b no
doubt on that score. Whether he hae the
mi'iins to pay I cannot say. One of our
agents who was tracing him up some
time ago found that he wns staying at a
boarding house on Bush street frequented
by miners.
"I do not know anything definite about
his resources. T"p to latest accounts this
afternoon the deputy sheriff had not
succeeded In serving the papers on Wil-
ilams."
Deputy Sheriff Richard O'Connor had
an exciting experience yesterday after
noon in attempting to servo the attach
ment writ upon "Williams. At 3:30 o'clock.
In company with an attorney represent
ing the Studebaker people, he called at
1105 Bush street, where Williams resides,
and where hip personal effects are sup
posed to be located. An elderly gentle
man came to the door In response to the
summons and the following conversation
took place:
"Does Mr. Williams live here?" asked
O'Connor.
"Yes, but he Isn't at home," was the
reply.
"When will he be In?"
"I do not know. Maybe not at all to
day."
"Then I guess I'll come in and wait."
"No you won't! I'm going down town
nnd do' not propose to have an unknown
man in my house while I am away."
""Would you kindly show me Williams'
room?"
"What's your business? Who are you?
You've plenty of cheek. Get out!" The
door closed In the faces of the deputy and
the attorney. The door remained closed
and though they waited for some time,
no one entered or left the building. Dep
uty O'Connor will make another effort to
perform his duty in the premises to-day.
BUTCHERS RISE
IN RIGHTEOUS
INDIGNATION
Denounce Sellers of
Bad Meat.
SCORCHING RESOLUTIONS
SCANDAL OVER DISEASED FOOD
FOR SOLDIERS REVIVED.
All Who Were Connected With the
Case Come Under the Censure
of the Butchers' Board
of Trade.
The Butchers' Board of Trade held a
lively meeting last eveplng in Stanford
Hall, In the Alcazar building, on O'Farrell
street. The sole matter before the board
j was the case of M. Samson, the Oak
| land butcher who sold beef infected with
j the bacilli of tuberculosis to the soldiers
of the Eighth California Regiment.
The report of the committee appointed
to Investigate the matter was strongly
condemnatory of the Oakland butcher,
and at next Tuesday evening's meeting
resolutions will be passed condemning not
only him, but the Western Meat Company
! at Baden, the wholesalers, who sold the
: meat to Samson, and the United States
; Meat Inspection Bureau, whose tag de-
I daring the meat not diseased was found
I upon the lot sold to the soldiers.
Following is the report of the committee
i upon which the resolutions will be baaed:
To the Butchers Board of Trade: We, the '
committee appointed at a previous meeting to I
I Investigate the matter of diseased meats fur- i
j nished by M. Samson of Oakland to the sol- >
[ diers of the Eighth Regiment. U. S. V., of I
I California, have procured a certified tran- ■
! script of testimony given before Judge I-aw
; rcnce in trial or said M. Samson.
j And we find from his testimony that although
' M. Samson Is acquitted of criminal Intent In |
selling the meat the testimony proves con
clusively that the meat was simply rotten with i
bacilli of tuberculosis and poisonous as an
' article of food: also that the meat was slaugh- '
tered by and purchased from the Western Meat i
1 Company. That it was also inspected and ,
I stamped as free from disease by the United '
j States Inpector of Meats.
The committee recommends that the Butch- :
I ers' Board of Trade strongly condemns the ac- !
1 tion of M. Samson in furnishing said diseased i
j meat for the consumption of our soldier boys; j
! the Western Meat Company for slaughtering ,
It and disposing of It.
And we further recommend that a communi
i cation be sent to the Department of Agricul
ture at Washington, D. C, under whose super- :
' vision the meats are Inspected, calling their
j attention to the criminal Inefficiency of the i
Inspection Bureau at this place.
Signed: Sam C. Hammond, Captain J. H.
McMenomy, Fred Becker.
■ ♦ ■
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured- Dr. «i
■ Oordla, Sanitarium. 614 Pine, nr. Kearny. 3.F. Cal.
INDOOR BASEBALL.
Olympic Club Nines "Will Play in the
Gymnasium To-Morrow
Evening.
| A match game of Indogr baseball will be
played In the Olympic Club gymnasium on |
Thursday evening, commencing at 8 i
o'clock, between the following nines:
C. O'Kane Catcher A. W. Fullansbee
A. M. Bti n» Pitcher F. lUitz
(< ,i\ tain) (Captain) ■
J. Lincoln First base W, Qlmmell |
F. Burgess Second base H. Monahm
A.Taylor Third base C, lmrhara
1,. Hummersmith..f : h<irtst"j> < '. F. Krelllng
! J. Morton Right field J. P. Jackson ,
E. C. Clark Center field W Hanrahan i
! <i. Jame« I.eft field N. Hewson J
Candidates' Dinner.
T^ars^ crowds are constantly In attend
ance at the Sacred Heart Fair, now be
ing held at tho corner of Page and Gough
streets. To-morrow Miss Emily Longa
baugn v.ll! superintend a sumptuous
chicken dinner served between the hours
of 11 and 2. The choice delicacies of the
season are on the menu, and the epicure
will find all that life intended for him.
Tho dinner Is given for the candidates in
the present campaign, and a large repre
sentatlon of th>»m will be among the vis
itors. To-morrow evening the bund from
the Hebrew Orphan Asylum will attend
and will assist in a varied entertainment
which has been arranged by tho mana
f;ers. The ladies of tho Japanese booth,
leaded by Mrs. S. F. Hughes and Mrs.
Sullivan, "will give a delightful tea during
the afternoon. The booth is one of the
daintiest at the fair, and all sorts of nov
elties so adapted to Japanese fancy and
taste adorn the compartment from ceiling
to floor.
Mission Dolores Fair.
Every success is attending the efforts
of those In charge of the Mission Dolores
Fair and Bazaar, now being held in Mis
sion Opera House, on Mission street, be
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth. A
large crowd was in attendance last even-
Ing, and the entertainment, which has
become a nightly occurrence, wns highly
enjoyable. Last Saturday night an even
ing at home was given by the Sacred
Heart booth, of which Mrs. John Carroll
Is in charge. She was ably assisted by
Mrs. J. P. Moran, Mrs. Dr. F. A. Grazer,
Mrs. H. J. Gallagher. Mrs. P. H. Flynn,
Mrs. P. E. Fox, Mrs. William McKinnon.
Mrs. Julia O'Neill, Miss Joe O'Neill, Miss
Llllle Denman, Miss Eva Clancy, Miss
Clara Gleason, Miss Mary Gleason, Miss
Nellie Lynch and Miss Katie Lynch.
» ■♦■ «
Ivy Chapter's Entertainment.
Ivy Chapter of the Order of Eastern
Star gave another of its pleasant enter
tainments last night In Goldon Gate Hall.
There was a short programme, which
was followed by the event of the evening.
This was a cake walk by six couples, the
majority of whom recently appeared be
fore one of the parlors of the Native
Sons.
Federal Bankrupts. '
John F. and Philip C. Kelly of the firm
I of Kelly Bros, filed a petition In Insol
• vency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict* Court. Their liabilities are $91,430,
and their assets nothing.
O. W. "VVoodson, a farmer of Acampo,
j San Joaquin County, filed a petition stat
ing his liabilities at $681. He had no as
sets.
Peace Jubilee.
The San Francisco Hussars will hold a
rally at Armory Hall, Pythian Castle, 909
Market street, at 8 o'clock this evening to
select a drill corps and appoint commit
tees for the purpose of holding a peace
Jubilee on the Ist of November by a pa
rade, concert, competitive drill and ball.
Stricken by Heart Disease.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11.— Israel I.uce,
a pioneer Callfornlan, who was for near
ly twenty-five years engaged In the
marble-cutting business in this city,
dropped dead this morning from heart
disease. He was a native of Ithaca, N.
V , aged 73 years. Luce arrived in Cali
fornia in May. 1849.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVEP.
Tuesday, October 11.
Ptmr South Coast, Zaddart, 15 hours from
Rockport.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helma, days from
Guavmas, via San Pedro hours.
Schr Sacramento, Forest. 2^ days from Usal.
Schr Glen. Nielsen, 9 days from Coos Bay.
Bchr Daisy Rowe, Wilson. 9 days from Coos
Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oct n— Stmr Aloha,
hence Oct 9; stmr Coqullle River, hence Oct 10.
Sailed Oct 11— Schr J M Weatherwax, for
Guayaquil.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BOULOGNE— Arrived Oct 11— Stmr Rotter
dam, from New York.
(SOUTHAMPTON— RaiIed Oct 11— Stmr Bel
genland, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct 11— StmrLahn.
from New York
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J F Barnes, Ctilco U Richardson. Sta Barb
II Thorp. Sacto A S Millar & w, Alaak
A Fraley. Sacto ;VV H Chessal, Uklah
II T Harper & w, Sao C Hart. Cal
C C Brown, Sacto |W H Shaman. S Jos*
i H Burnham. Folnom F Mason, Sacto
D W Lubeck. Auburn Mrs H Battle, Marysvll
H Qulne. Auburn \i W Bassett, Marysvll
U P Hartley, Auburn H J Small. Sacto
\V J Archibald, Cal C Rodost. Sacto
\V W Seaman, Sacto IH D Porter, Ballarat
Pr Moore, Benlcla L> Hollster, Courtland
A O Melvln, Sacto C AT Morton, Sacto
J Rawlingß. Chicago C Healy, Los Ang
DrFR Woolsey. Berk DrOF Faulkner, Cal
II D Kercheval. Cal It' C Carlton, Manila
W H Nichols. CnurtlndiE Gutman. New lark
A B CalAer. Taccma 'J H Dlekenson, Cal
A Rathmuller, Los Ang J Edwards, N" V
L KatE, gutter Creek %V Manna, Napa
G T McCabe, Oakdale |W C Good, Sta Rosa
C F Taylor, Boston IMlss Good, Sta n-^ea
R Harris, Merced Miss Morey. Stu Rosa
Mies Paul, Portland X Haydork & w. S Jose
T Gro#er. Boston C T McGregor. Sn Jr*e
F Wolf, EUinKwoo-l J E Barber, Is>s An?
F .7 Allan, Wllkesbarre V F Strove & w. 11l
D O Castle. Stockton Or A Suggett &w, Cal
R W Skinner. Maryßvl X Koca A w Holltster
,T X Thompson; Sacto 111 Magulre. Pilule
T Bicknell, Chlco .1 M Hay. Seattle
J D Plllybury, Traver 10 N Farnsworth, Cal
W J Tinnln Fresno IW H West, Duranro
J F Drake, Redlanri.i E P Cubberly, Stanford
Mr & Mrs Piper, Term XV Akerman <£. w, Cal
A B Smith. Fresno JMra Wllloughby, Cal
T T Park. Delano I
PAT,ACE HOTEU
W B Pettlt, Chgo London
\V Harris. Chicago H LUUenthal, N T
J N Lane. Manchester F L Macondray, Va-
A I? Lnne, Manchester lencla
\V Wedel. London C T McOreEory, 8 Jo*B
3 P Churchill, Yreka E D Bannister. Cal
it Roberts, Mandalay C C Mclvor &w. 8 Js«.
L Russell. N V Miss Meirlam, S Joee
H P Sloano. N V Miss A Merrlam. S Jse
Mrs H F Sloane. N V B Woltman. N V
H H Knapp, Xapa I A W Warwick. Ariz
Mrs W Kohl & w, SanlW T Ram bo, Stanford
Mateo . '. I Baron yon Schroeder.
Miss Kohl. San Mateo [ San Rafael
Van Malcolm. M P.I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
I II J Burrows, Cal |8t L Beer, Ft Point
1 J II Tuttle, Cal C P Bcaslaw, Chicago
H G Whittock, Cal O A Outman. Pa
It Hickcox, Presidio D W Roberts. L Ang
R H Rix, Presidio P B McCabe, L Ang
W Ellis, Presidio W F Baylor, Manila
Q W Hirst. N J A R Barnes, Manila
C W Nutting & d, Cal 6 II Blssel. Nlles
G W Langford, Stktn W A Morey, Chicago
G Meyer, Antloch :,">;' '':
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G Richardson. Stocktn J B Semorlle, Marlpsa
G Prints, .No^ales J II Heard & s. Colfa-s
M M -Jrover, 8 Jos» |O Sehultr, San Diego
M Edln. Petaluma A Seaman, London
| 1' O'Brien. L Ang 13 KrleK. Portland
A J Santos. S Leandro \V Hart, Portland
II Daniels, San Pedro F Harrison, Portland
\V Murphy, Chgo M Peyser, Bodle
V L McCarthy, Boston Mrs H M Cooper. Cal
A Kelly. Chicago J J Drlßcoll & I. Colo
J W Wier. Newhall
The Queen le said to be -rouder of her
' Stuart blood than of anything else In thla
! world.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Fr*nct»co
Call, corner of Market and Third «tr«et«, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lorkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2J26 Mission street: open ur.tll 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second an-* Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MKETI.NO NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -t
No. IS. K. T.. 635 Sutter st— Officers *gk^
and members of this Commandery are §
hereby notified to assemble in full unl- Wjfl
form at the asylum at 9 o'clock TO- W
I 'AY for the purpose of attending at the
dedication of the Masonic Widows' and
■»' Hi. me.
CHAS. L. PATTON, Eminent Commander.
W. T. FONDA, Recorder.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. nnd A. M.— «
Officers and members will assemble at
the SE corner of Geary and Stockton f\^K
Fts. THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY), at
9:30 o'clock, sharp to participate In the parade
to Decoto. acting as escort to the Grand
Lodge. Members will rei>ort at that time to
the m.irsbnl. Brother E. W. Tucker, from
whom tickets can be purchased (cost 75 cent!
for round trip). Qloves and aprons will be
furnished at same Time. The stewards will
provide lunch for all members who attend.
By order of the W. M.
C. D. HUNKER, Secretary.
MIS-lON Lodge No. 165. F. and A. M.— m
Officers and members will assemble at _g^_
the southeast corner of Geary and J0
m kton BU., TO-DAY (WEL>NES-/^P>
DAY) at 9:80 sharp, to participate In the
[« to Decoto. actlnp as escort to the
Grand Lodge. Members will report at that
Ume to the marshal. Brother E.'W. TUCKER,
from Whom tickets can be purchased (cost 7$
cents for round trip). Gloves and aprons will
be furnished at same time. The stewards will
provide lunch for all members who attend.
By order of the W. M.
C. I>. BUNKER, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. •
—Officers and members are re- -Jj\-
quested to assemble at Masonic Temple TK3T
WEDNESDAY MORNING. 12th lnst.. /V >
at 8 o'clock sharp, to join with other lodges
as an escort to the Grand Lodge and to par-
ticipate In the dedicatory ceremonies of the
Masonic Widows' and Orphans' Home at De-
coto. By order of the Master.
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. •
212 F. and A. M.— The officers and _J\_
members of the above-named Irxifr 0 are TC3T
requested to assemble at the Masonic f
Temple WEDNESDAY. October 12, at 9
O'clock a. m., to assist the Grand Lodge In
dedicating the Widows' and Orphans' Home
at Decoto, Cal. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M — Ofilcers and members will assem- ._*%_
We at the Masonic Temple TinsirjF
(WEDNESDAY) MORNING, at S'V'
o'clock, to participate In the dedicatory cere-
monies by the Grand Lodge of the Widows'
and Orphans' Home, at Decoto.
A. S. lIT'BBARD, Secretary-
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. •
M —The officers and members of the _#\_
above named lodee are hereby notified jLJf
to assemble at Masonic Temple THIS 'V >
DAY (WEDNESDAY). October 12, at 9:15
a. m. sharp, to participate In the ceremonies
of dedicating the Masonic Widows' and
Orphans Home at Decoto, Cal. By order
of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAT, Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL T^dge No. 22, F. and A. A
M —Officers and members are requested
to a*-t-mble in the Chapter Hall, at the TCJr
Masonlo Temple. THIS (WEDNEB- '▼>
DAY) MORNING, at 9 o'clock sharp, to par-
ticipate In the dedication parade for the
lifasonic Widows' and Orphans' Home at De-
coto By order of the W. M.
GEO W. ROOT. Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
and A. M. -Officers and memhers nrl> -^\_
reauested to assemble at Franklin Hall,
1S3!) ' Fillmore St., WEDNESDAY /^T>
MORNING, 12th lnst.. at 8:30 o'clock, to Join
with other lodees as an escort to the Grand
L'Hlße and to participate In the dedicatory
ceremonies of the Masonic Widows' and
Orphans' Home at Decoto. By order of the
Master HARRY RAKHR. pecretarv.
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. m
and A. M. -The officers and members _#%_
arc requested to attend the funeral of TC3T
our deceased brother. ABRAHAM
FREDERICK BENJAMIN, from the hall of
our lodge. TO-MORROW (THURSDAY), Oc-
tober 13, at 9:30 o'clock a. m. By order of the
Master. HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
MOUNT MORI AH Lodge No. 44. F. and •
A M.— Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/V_
EVENING, nt 7:30 o'clock. First de- 73L3<
gree. Members of the Grand Lodge are/^lr *
cordially Invited. By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.— •
Officers and members will assemble at _^%_
the lodge room on WEDNESDAY TCjr
MORNING, October IS. at 9 o'clock, /^T^
to participate In the dedication , of the Wid-
ows' and Orphans' Home nt Pecoto. .
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M., m
26G5 Mission St., bet. Twenty-second _J%^
and Twenty-third — Called meeting jKJf
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING. at'X^
7:30 o'clock. Third degree.
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. •
M.— Officers nnil members are -^#V-
u^ipsted to assemble at Masonic Ter- It2t
pie on THIS DAY (WEDNESDAY) 'V^
at 9 a. m. for the purpose of escorting ' the
Grand Lodge to Decoto and there assist In
dedicating the Widows' and Orphans' Home.
By order of the W. M.,
FREDERICK BARRT, Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. k
M.— Special meeting THIS WEDNES- JL
DAY) EVENING. October Kith atlE'jf
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. rV>
THRO E. PMITH. Secretary.
TRIUMPH Lodge No. 180, A. O. U. W.- ,*«?(*>
Officers and members: You are notl-^jpe-Jfe?
fled to attend the funeral of our latetj>«ssr
brother. PATRICK HOB AN. WEDNES- v*S^ >
DAY, at 9 a. m., from Mission Dolores
Church. C. M. MOE, M. W.
J. H. CATTRAN, Recorder.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch, atten- m
tlon— lmportant meeting THIS ("WED- X a
NESDAY) EVENING, October 12. \S(A
PRESIDENT. ***&
1100,000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins • low
interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant a've.
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
THE twenty-sixth annual picnic of the County
Monaghan Club will be held at Shell Mound
Park. SUN v AY. October 23. Admission 25c,
children free. A good time assured all who
attend.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 320 Lake et., San Francisco,
has received the following orphan and half
orphan girls from July 1 to October 1. IS9S:
Margaret Edwards, 1 year 10 months; Grace
Jerrett, 4 years; Esther Jarrett, 2 years; Rosa-
lind Chrfstene<-n, 11 years; Hazel Wood. 5
years 2 months; Lillian Crummey, 1 year 5
months; Dora au Buohon, 7 yeare 8 months:
Ruth au Buchon. Z years 1 month; Margaret
Anderson. 4 years; Esther Petersen, 6 years;
Albertlne Petersen, 4 years; Ruth Vanier, 9
years; Ada Vanier. 1 year 7 months; Eva
Rhoade, 7 years 9 months; Jennie Scott, 7
years X month*; Mary Scott. 5 years S months:
Amelia Scott, 4 years 1 month; Venus Maur-
mon, 11 years; Katie Klrkham, 13 years 5
months; Georgle Klrkham. 11 years; Jennie
Klrkham, 10 years.
WILL build 4-room cottage and furnish lot for
$950 on Installments; street work done; side-
walk. QEO. M. BALSBURY. builder. 521 X
St.. Sunset district.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 Id st.
BAD tenants ejected for $<; collections made;
City OT country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41S Montgomery «t.. rr>om «: tel. 6580.
>R. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls tr no fee: free diagnosis. 100 Halght et.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 60 (500 per
•hare) of the HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION CO. will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st, on and after
THURSDAY. October 20. IS9S. Transfer books
will close on Friday. October 14. 1898, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. BHBLDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Sierra Railway Company of
California— The coupons due October 12. IS9S.
from first mortgage six (6) per cent bonds of
this company will be paid at this office on
and after that date.
S. D. FTtESHMAN, Treasurer.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
THIRST-CLASS Danish houseglrls want places
In American families In city, $20 each. Call
or address C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary
st. ; phone Grant 185.
FIRST-CLASS lady's maid, understands hair-
dressing and manicuring, best of reference,
desires a situation. J. P. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter at.
A~FIRST-CLASB cook desires situation, hotel
or bearding house, pastry and meat cooking;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 225 Sutter St.
A COMPETENT young woman, with 2 chil-
dren, S and 10 years, desires situation on a
ranch; gtx>d cook and laundress; best of ref-
erence. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A REFINED German second girl and seam-
stress desh-es nituation; best references; city
or country. MTSS CULLEN, 525 Butter «t.
LADIES desiring first-class help of ail na-
tionalities can secure same by calling on or
addren.-lng MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter St.
A 1 SECOND girt with 7 years' reference desires
a situation. J. V. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
light housework or cooking, or take care of
a sick person. 324 Hi Fifth siL
AUSTRIAN woman wishes work by the day
to do housework, washing or Ironing. 10
Kotoma st.
AMERICAN woman, very neat and reliable,
would do chamber work in a first class or
good hotel: experienced. Box 761. Call office.
G<mil> .k desires situation in private family;
good references. E6 Blake et. near Point
L«t>os aye.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes house-
work or chamberwork several hours a day;
$1 30; sleep home. Box 760, Call office.
PROTESTANT girl wants to assist in general
Housework in Mission. Address L. 8., box
MSB, Call office.
GERMAN-AMERICAN girl wants position to
do upstairs work and sewing. Address box
788, Call office.
t GIRLS, one as cook and the other for second
work ur laundress, desire situations. 160
Fourteenth ut.
YOUNG girl wishes position to do general
housework; wages $20. Call between 9 and
12. 2S Hickory aye., near Van Ness.
WANTED— A situation. housework by a
Swedish girl ; first-class cook. Address 515
Eighth st., phone 3256 B.
WANTED— Washing, Ironing or house clean-
ing by the day; best of references. MRS. M.
E. JENSEN. "20 Minna Et.
RESPECTABLE woman would like a position
to do general housework. 217 Shotwei; St.
WOMAN wishes a place at housework and
cooking; sleep at home. Apply 2141* Flllmore.
SITUATION by Protestant woman to do house-
work; city reference, 442 Minna st.
CHAMBER or housework or good laundress;
by day or week. USA Eleventh st.
A COI-rORED woman wants Slewing. 146 A
Fifth St., second floor.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do general
homework; $15. Apply 315 Clementina St.
RESPECTABLE person (German) wants posi-
tion an working housekeeper or cook; b a st of
references can be given. Address 222^ Elm ay.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper; beet of
references; city or country. Address box S3l,
Call office.
WANTED — Position by a woman as nurse to an
invalid or will" travel; best references and
physician's certificate as to capability. Ad-
dress box 743. Call office.
EXPERIENCED laundrei--s wants washing and
ironing or houeecleanlng by the day. Call or
address S4SVa Minna fit., room 4.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. Call or ad-
dress 20S iTumm st.
Jloo.ofO to loan, diamonds, silverware: low rates:
private entrance. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant aye.
TOUNQ woman wishes housework by the day.
Apply 1574 Turk et.
FIRST-CLASS cook. German, wants situation.
920 Montgomery st.
SWEDISH girl wishes housework and cooking;
wages $25. Call at the Swedish Baptist
Church, on Tenth, bet. Howard and Folsom.
BY refined, respectable woman with little girl 3
years old, position as working housekeeper.
Will call If dosircd, or apply at 22 Lily aye..
between Gough and Franklin sts.
GIRL to go at dressmaking. 125 Bernard st.
GERMAN woman with a child wishes position
as working housekeeper or to do general
housework; city or country. 1* Rondel place,
oft* Sixteenth st.
ENGLISH widow wishes to clean and repair
men's clothes; small charges; best references.
Address Q. C. 122 C Stockton st.
WANTED — By a lady from Canada, situation
as housekeeper for a widower with small
children, or caretaker for either an aged
couple or gentleman with Invalid wife. Ad-
dress MRS. TWEEDIE, 2414 Hyde st.
MIDDLE-AGED Germr.n lady wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper in a gentleman's house;
city or country. 2!>10 Sixteenth st.
AN experienced teacher wishes a situation as
assistant bookkeeper amanuensis or teacher:
no objection to the country. Address MISS
L. L., J2G Noe St., near Seventeenth.
SITUATIONS \VA\Ti:i>— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BKAI-LKT ft CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4KU, o'Farrell st.; tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted by experienced cabinet
and furniture maker from the best factories
of Europe, with best references. Address A.
KLAN, box 142?,. Call office.
BARBER, first class, wants situation: best
references; city or country; state wages. Ad-
dress A. HAEUSSLER. box 1425. Call office.
BAKER, foreman, wants position; is a good
stock yeast maker; ctf- or country. Ad-
dress 4*78 Minna st.. upstairs.
BY a first-class gardener; can take charge of
rentleman's place; best references. Box 836,
Call office.
BY mlddle-agod man to care for horses and
garden; good driver; can milk; handy with
tools. Box 749. Call office.
A SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class German
barkeeper with good references. Address ICO-t
Geary «t.. city.
YOtTNG German-American with best reference
wishes good position as bedmaker. Box 759,
Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a Danish coachman or
work on prlvnte place; beat references; small
wages. Box 755. Call office.
BOY pf IT wishes work around factory cr
More: ran give reference. 743 Vallejo Bt.
WANTED— A position tn a bakery or hotel
as bread or cake baker. Address f>o2 Howard.
MIDDLE-AGED man, sober and reliable, well
experienced with driving horses, carriages,
etc., for private family, wants situation; or
can take charge of gentleman's place of gar-
den, orchard, cows or fowls; pood references.
Address A. L. V.. 7fi3 Mission St.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings:
ftrictesr privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
ENGINEER, young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assis-
tant or In boiler room. Engineer, 22 Sacra-
ment ' '
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes situation of
trust to attend offi a few hours a ds»y for
pastlrr.e; small wag .; best references,. Box
1434. Call office.
YOUNG man. 27, desires position In ofV«-«:
thoroughly experienced In all office work aV*
corporation bookkeeping. H'X 1431. Call office.
MAN and wife. Germans, would like position*
as janitors, man lmn.ly with plumbing tools;
wife general housework; cooking; best rerer-
! ences. 257 Clara Bt., basement.
| POSITION as bartender; experience. Box 1430,
Call office. ,
FIRST-CLASS cutter of long experience and
best of reference would like situation. Ad-
dress Cutter, box 7f>2. Call office.
GARDENER, good propagator ami greenhouse
man. can milk ;ind tftk;> care horses, wants
situation; country place preferred: references.
Gardener, box 750, Call office. __
I BUTLER or valet, experienced, city references,
I Englishman, desires engagement. A. SPRINO,
6. r )', Pine *t.
i EN UNEER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or in boiler room; wages moderate. Box i 62.
Call offlc*.
WINCHESTER Houee. 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 26c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to fl
week: convenient and respectable: lice duj
and baggage to ;ind from ferry.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
5 WAITRESSES city and country places, $20;
2 chambermaids to wait, $20; laundress, in-
stitution $25; seamstress, institution. *-i>,
call early; young girl for pantry work. *1J
to $15. good chance to learn hotel work, c.
R. HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary st.
JEWISH cook, 3 in family, $25; cook, small
family, $23; cook, small Jewish family. **->:
and 20 girls for city and country places. Jla
to 80. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 104 Geary st.
JAPANESE house servant, no cooking, no
waiting; $5 week; must have references. <_.
R. HANSEN A CO.. 104 Geary st.
GOVERNESS, English branches. German and
muFlc; one who can travel to Europe ana
back, $2.".. C. R. HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary.
STEWARDESS, Orst-CIMM country hotel. $80.
C. R. HANSKN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GIRL to take .are of one child afternoons; $3
l>er month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter et.
NEAT young girl; 2 in family; $15. MISS CULr-
LEN. 325 Suiter 6t.
GERMAN cook; 2 meals; $20 per month. MIS 3
CULLEN, ?.2o Sutter st.
NURSE, $10: child 3 years. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl: sleep home; $12. MIS 3
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO waitresses, same hotel, country; $20 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NURSE gtrl, San Rafael. $25; cook. $80; cook,
$26; 15 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $10.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WORKING housekeeper; $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter St.
GIRL for housework, 3 in family, $25. see party
here at 10 to-day; laundress, private family,
US; nurse. Infant, $25; waitress and parlor
maid $25; (second girl. $25; 4 cooks in Amer-
ican and German families, $25 and $30; wait-
ress and chambermaid, winter resort, $20; 2
boarding house cooks,. $25; restaurant wait-
ress. $5 week, and girls for cooking and
housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 314
Sutter et.
LADIES to embroider pillow covers; work sent
to your home: good pay; send reply envelop*
for particulars and sample. Manhattan Era-
broidery Co., 128 Water st.. New York.
GIRL to assist in light housework and care of
two children: small wages: good home. CO
Hancock St.. bet. Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
CHAMBERMAID. $30; waitress, $20; 10 girls
for housework, small American family. 631
Larkin at.
TWI > young plrls for sewlncr: rjuick and used to
factory m rk; none other. ■? Eddy st., room oG.
GIRLS to learn a trade. Apply ETTINGEK.
733 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on vests. 708 Califor-
nia Ft.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 1112
Haisrnt st.
YOUNG colored girl to assist in housework and
' care for child Call 706 Green st. after 10 a. m.
WOMAN to help with cooking, and also lunch
waitress. 136 Second st.
i GOOD waist hand for dressmaking; $3 week.
Call S to 9 a. m., 1301 Larkin st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In general
housework; wages $10. 1716 Post st.
WANTED — Operator on ladles' tailoring who
understands hand sewing. Id Turk St.
WANTED — A young girl to assist in light
housework. Inquire 1013 Golden Gate aye.
TRIMMERS and makers for millinery; must
be salesladies; steady. 130 Sixth st.
LADIES to do plain needle work at home;
good wages. 3 CO Sixth st.. room 2.
GIRL assist housework: help with child. 563
Bryant st., near Fourth: middle flat.
FUR liners wanted. HOFLICH, 121 Post.
COMPETENT German girl for housework and
cooking. Call before 11 a. m., 523 Flllmore.
GIRL to do general housework; German pre-
ferred: small family. 2214 Devisadeno st.
GOOD cook; also first-class waitress, at 107^i
Market St., near Seventh; employment office.
WOMAN or younsr girl for lisrht ' housework.
1073W Market, near 7th; employment office.
FIRST-CLASS help wanted at Female Employ-
ment Office, 1073Vs Market St.. near Seventh.
WANTED— Good finishers on pants. 660
Fourth st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
I.XVI BTRAUBB A r<\, SSH -"remont s<.
$100. coo to loan; low lnt-rest: private en;;- gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 23c up. McDowell's, 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns 10c up. US McAllister st.
HELP WANTED— MALR.
2 AND i horse teamsters, coast road. # free fare.
20 laborers for the mountain railroad, in the
heart of the gold mining district, two-thirds
fare paid.
20 2 and i horse teamsters for new rail-
road work, $22 and $26 and board per month;
lung Job.
2"i quarrymen. $2 a day; steady work; 10
laborers city, $1 60 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SHIP for Alaska Thursday, rockmen and la-
borers wanted. Mr. Stanley will be hera ■
this morning to interview men. C. R. HAN-
BEN A CO., U>4 Geary st.
' BLACKSMITH, railroad camp. $2 25 a day:
ranch blacksmith, $35 and found: painter, $23
and found; wagon painter, $1 a day and
board; 2 wood choppers. Jl 25 a cord; 2 milk-
ers, $25 each
5 crops cutters, $26 and board, see boss here;
E Jack screwers, $30 and board; 3 farmers, $20;
choreman. hotel, $20; chicken ranch, $10. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., MM Geary st.
CAMP cook. $40. railroad camp. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
KITCHEN and dining room help. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. .
LAUNDRY washer. $40 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
JFtunnki,>i^n\~s2 to $2 50 a day .-.
Coal miners, flat vein, boss here. C. R.
lIANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— IO coal miners, Ssc ton; 4 drift
gravel miners. $40 and board; quartz miners.
$2 50 day; 75 laborers and teamsters. $1 60 and
$1 75 day- choreman. $20 to $25; choreboy, $3
and found: 4 more men to clear lan-i •-'■ n r
acre, and others. Apply to J. P. CROSETT
& CO., ti2S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Restaurant steward, $13 week; cook
and wife, private boarding-house. $43; dumb-
waiter boy. $20 and found; 2 hotel waiters for
country. $2.".; ranch cook, $20; 2 young bell-
boys, $6 month, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
FOUR laborers for brick y;iri. $10 and board;
* farm hands, $20; farm hand and milk, $i n :
camp blacksmith. $35; timber fellers, $30 and.
$40; choreman for hotel, $12; 2 bay to drive,
$10 and found; (Jerman boy. $15; 2 men to
dig potatoes, long Job: waiter, boarding-
house, $25. R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610
Clay Bt.
WANTED— Carpenter for city, $2 50 per day;
Brickyard help, iaborers and wheelers, $25 to
$30 per month and board
Drillers, farmers, milkers, ranch teamsters;
boy on rnnch, $10; elderly man, run pump on
ranch; and others; swamper, $30; elevator
boy, $4 a week. W. D. EWER & CO., 62«
Clay Bt.
WANTED— I fireman and 1 water buck for
traction engine on steamplow. W D FWFR
& CO., 626 Clay st.
YOUNO man to run elevator, $20 per
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WE will give free use of lathes to any sober
and competent turner who will make his
headquarters at our mill and do our work
at reasonable prices. Apply FULDA BROS .
30 to 40 Rpear st.
WORKINGMEX wanted to see our assortment
of pecond-hand shoes, some nearly new, fr^m
23c to $1; 2Dff pairs to pick from; call early.
6G2 Mission Bt., between First and Second sts.
WANTED— Horse shoer. Aprilv THEODORE
BECKER. Haywards, Cal. 'HELP WASTED- Continued.
mTrray^likady ..M'-KHAY A READY
..Leading Employment and l.ibor Agents....
..... WANT TO-DAY ?
Dairies Farms Orchards
7 milkers. $30. l:'s and $20 and foum'.. for dif-
ferent places: 25 ... hard an<* ' <-|neyard
hands, $2>; and $20; 3 horemen and boys, $15
and $10 and found
Married farmer and wire, Santa Clara
County; 5 (iorman or Scandinavian farm
hands. $2>l and found. MURRAY & READY
634 and tiC6 Clay St.
$3 a DAY Hay balers $3 a dny
Teamster to run a derrick fork
MURRAY & READY. CM and 686 Clay st.
BUTCHERS... Sausage makers... Pork packers
Young man as butcher and drive wagon $23
and found; pork packer for ■ ranch. $35 and
found; boy to tend butcher's store, deliver,
etc., city. $4 a week; sausage maker
MT -k'kaY A READY," and* St.**
. TO . Santa Cruz County
6 laborers. $26 and found, see boss here. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WOODCHOPPERS.Tpost makers., Tie makers
19* woodchoppers for different places and
counties, $2 60, $2, $1 to and $1 a cord; &5
tie makers, ge, 9c and lie each
56 post makers. $1 50 a cord
12 woodchopyers, C. C, Co., $1 25 a day. MUR-
_ RAY & READY, 634 and 6M Clay st.
SPECIAL ..50c fare New work....
£> two and four horse teamsters, $1 75 a day;
2o laborers, pick and shovel work, $1 75 a day.
. MURRAY Sc READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
•■•; IN 'he heart of the gold mines
60 laborers and teamsters. $1 75 a day
•••;•• FREE FARE :......
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
RAILROAD work Railroad work
65 teamsters, $2, $1 « and $1 75 a day; 53 la-
borers, $1 75. $1 60 and $1 50 a day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
SS teamsters. $1 7, and $1. 60 a day. two horses;
6 teamsters, not necessary to know streets;
33 laborers. $1 75, $1 CO, $1 50 a day and $26
and found: driver, milk wagon Packer, city
factory
Private family choreman Cement finisher
MURRAY & READY. 6C4 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH helper for a ranch, $25 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
WAITERS We want ............. To-day
« hotel waiters, city and country. $30. $25 and
$20 and found: 5 boarding-house waiters, $25
and found; 6 restaurant waiters. $30 and $25
and found; 3 waiters for bakeries. $25 and
found; 3 waiter boys, $15 and found. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS Dishwashers Wanted
4 r.hort order cooks, city and country, $8, $9
and $10 a week; 6 hotel and restaurant cooks,
$»0. $35 and $30; 7 dishwashers, $20 and $15
and found; boy for city bakery. $15 and found.
MURRAY Si READY, 63.4 and 63G Clay st.
Trustworthy persons to travel; sal-
ary $7SC and expenses; reference; inclose self-
addressed stamped envelope. The Dominion
Company. Chicago.
AN honest, faithful man wanted as partner
to open saloon and lunch house; must be
good cook; $100 capital ; is a good business
location. 1317 Seventh st., Oakland. .
SALESMEN— Mining. telephone and other
stocks; winning plan; millions Ui It. Address
G. 1. lowa City lowa.
Al OPERATORS. DAVIDSON & MILLER.
731 Market st.
EXPERIENCED plumber and helper wanted.
£23 Golden Gate aye.
TOUNO man to learn dentistry. Apply Dr. D.
M. CONEY, corner Hayes and Octavia sts.
CARRIAGE painter, govd striper; also strong
boy to learn blacksmithlng. 888 Harrison St.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 13<H Kentucky St..
Potrero; Reidy's Hotel. ...
WANTED — Retail grocery salesman; give ref-
erence and salary expected. Box 1424. Call.
WANTED— 2 housa painters. Call at 37-2
Twenty-fourth st. at 7:30 o'clock.
SHOWCASE maker wanted for woodwork. Call
at 414 Market St.
WANTED— Strong boy to learn cake baker's
trade. Call 4 p. m. at .32 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED feeder and make ready on
Colt's Armory cutting presses. 16 Fremont.
CARRIAGE painter: good striper; also strong
boy to learn blacksmlthlng. 82S Harrison st.
TWO eoatmnkers for the country, P. GREEN-
BE!. & CO.. room 23. Flood building.
WANTED — A young man to work in crock- ;
cry store; cellar work. Address box 767, Call.
ERRAND boy; tailor shop; $2 week. 10fi Gol-
den Gate aye.
WANTED— A paper hanger. Call after 10, Pti9
Mission st.
___
WANTED Oood coat maker. SS! Geary st.
RECRUITS wanted fcr the Vnittvi State* rr.a-
rlno corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
80 years, who are citizens of the United ;
Staffs, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
good character anii habits and able to speak, !
read and write English, and be between 3 j
feet 5 inches and 6 feet In height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis ft.. San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — A strong boy to take care of horse
and to help in store: one living at the Mis-
sion preferred; state wages expected. Address
box 532, Call office. _^
TWO clothing salesmen wanted in San Fran-
cisco and one In each county in every State,
to take orders for our $5 to $10 made-to-meas-
ure suits and overcoats. Live men without
experience can make $150 per month. If you
car. furnish satisfactory reference, we will
furnish a complete sample line and outfit,
and start you at work at once. For particu-
lar* address AMERICAN WOOLEN MILLS
CO.. Enterprise building, Chicago.
COOPERS wanted for Santa Cruz: loose work.
Apply to HENRY CO WELL. 211-213 Drumm.
WANTED— C men to solicit on something new.
Call at once, 156 Fifth st.
COAT makers; work inside. 223 Sutter st., up-
Ftalrs.
EOY 13 to 17 years old as typewriter for a city
office; state full particulars and wages re-
quired. Box 1464. Call office.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
tr.'t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
HALF-TONE photo engraver for a desirable
situation. Proprietor. 1304 Franklin, Oakland.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larga
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed $15. 1542 Market st.
MEN'S "na calf shoes to order, $2 SO; men's
soleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard St.
BARBERS* Ass'n Free Employment Office. 8.
FUCHB. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; teL Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 138V4 Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due. laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Putter st.
SAlLons and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, £04 Davis St.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large. Bunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 821 Ellis st.
■WANTED— Plasterers to stay away from San
Frar.clsco as there are plenty of men , and
are on ctrlkx.
TRY Acme House, 857 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room, 25c a night; $1 a west
EAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenter*, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
BINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 2,' c night; reading-room:
free 'bun and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS for only official "History of Our War
With Spain— Causes. Incidents and Result*."
Civil. Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Kussell. Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Thurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
■wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers.
"WORTHINGTON A CO.. Hartford, Conn.
PI'R.\ITI!KIS WANTED.
CASH for fixtures, ' grocer I*,1 ''*, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN. auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
ROOMS WANTED!
WANTED — 4 or 5 rooms for housekeeping. Ad-
dresn MRS. P., 1201 Valencia St.
WASTED- MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Ton buggy; must be In good repair
and cheap. Corner Twenty-fourth and Church
_ *<"-. at grocery-
WANTED — To rent, piano from private party;
_ ismall rent; good care. Box 1421, Call office.
PIHRT-CUA.S9 second-hand . revolving barber
chair; state price. Address box 766, Call.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books. periodicals
bought. g«t>_ for KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern »PPe7
second-hand. 109 Montgomery St.
IIKYILES.
W w R cuN b 4 C i v?o^ JF2?*l« new iBHa. J». c
CUNNINGHAM. 780 Van Neas aye.
BECOND-HAND bicycles from ta „.. n «w
1897 high grade 1100 bicycles for $"?■' new
tires. J?j new pedals. »l 25 a nair- reoalrln*
JOSEPH HOLLE. 20tn and Folsom «t«. *'
IHSIXESS CHANCES,
A LIST your st. .re, property or business place
with WiI.KE & UNFUG, 606 Market st, the
old established and reliable Business Agents.
We have a large list of buyers who would like
•iy In country towns.
corner grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
ol Market at.; living rooms; rent $23; a snap.
WILKK & PNFUO. 906 Market St.
A $1100 saloon; rent $30; established for years
ai 1 doinj a business Clearing «12." per
month; located near Palace Hotel; elegant
fixtures; disagreement of partners causes a
bargain. WIUCE .v UNyUQ. wo Market st.
A $7* CORNER grooery and bar; 4 living
rooms; rent $27 60; one block south of Market:
average dally receipts 16: 2 barrels whisky In
Bti k I'urliculars, WILKL' UNFL'G, 906
Market si.
A— s4o0 — CORNER saloon with club room; rent
$30. best Location; surrounded by planing
mills ar.d factories; a splendid offer. Par-
ticulars, VVILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
MEAT market, best Mission neighborhood;
Jupt opened; everything new; biggest bargain
ever offered in city. STEWART & CO.. C 32
Market st.
PARTNER wanted in well-located brokerage
business; ettablinhed 2n years; can't be
worked by one person; small capital. STEW-
ART & CO., 632 Market St.
SALOON* and cigar stand with five furnished
rooms, paying well: party has other business:
bargain if Quick sale; It will pay you to in-
vestigate. STEWART & CO.. G32 Market st.
BARBES shop, fi.ur chairs; fine location; pay-
ing $100 per month; thorough investigation: a
bargain. STEWART ft CO , 632 Market Bt
$<7. BRANCH bakery, stationery and variety
store; near school; clears J6O month: 4 rooms;
bargain. Nati >nal Agency, 7 Grant aye.
PARTNER wanted; light genteel cash
business; tasi 16 years cleared $76 a month to
each; big chance to increase; must have help.
National Business Agency. 7 t } nintjive :
$350— FINE a rner saloon, with clubroom; fine
fixtures; surrounded by factories; great bar-
gain on ace Hint of sickness: this week only.
National Business Agency. T Qraot aye.
$400— Restai; pta $<5 day; 11 boarders
pay $15 month; will exchange for small cftee
saloon National Agency. 7 Grant avenue.
•WN-TOWN salmon; easily worth $1000;
$10 dally. X fc CO., tSPA Geary st.
A— ssoo- corner cigar stand; rlne location; value
.. FCRgpo .* a >.. ttJ6 Geary.
A— s7oo partner; milk route and hoarding stable;
200 steady anstomere; clt-urb t2SO. Kredo .'. Co.
A— MOO; brunch bakery, delicacy and laundry
office- best in Mission; $16 daily; sold on ac-
count of sickness KREDO & < " . BVj Geary.
LORIST good Btoris and outyi.de trade.
Mclaughlin >v m, 777 Market rt.
H7B- GROCERY and bar; good location; living
room?; rent U'o. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777
Market st. " '
CORNER saloon; bargain If sold this day. Mc-
LAUQHLII rket'gt.
$150— CIGAR stand; worth more money. Mc-
LAUGJTLTN .V <.\V, 777 Market St.
A— sW> -BUTCHER business In Interior city;
old-establlfhed: centrally located; fixtures.
Including marble counter, aa.:e, Guerney re-
frigerator, horse and delivery wagon; also
two meat reddling wagons, four horses, har-
ness, etc; Bales $1000 to $10*) per month; rent
$30 per month.
WERTHEIM & KEP.TH. 850 Market St.,
corner Stockton,
$800— ELEGANTLT fitted-up restaurant and
coffee house; flne central location; opposite
the ferry: running expenses very light : •-
faction of profits will be given; owner has
other business: compelled to t<a^riflce. BTEN-
BERG & CO.. 28U Kearny st. "
WANTBD— To Et?ll a steam laundry: B°°
Ing business; for pale vn account of poor
health; a good chance for the right man;
Woodland Cal.
KER wanted who underptan.ls cooking,
in oyster and delicacy parlor; week's trial
given; good prospects. Apply Call office.
PAINTING, whiu-r.inj, and paperbanglng busi-
ness in center of city, stock, tools, etc Ap-
ply M C J. BAHROX. 1217 Mnrk*t ft.
FOR SALE— Flrst-cl.isr- saloon one block from
Baldwin Hotel. Apply NW. corner of Powell
ai:J O'Farrell Ft
BRANCH bakery, candy anil notions; 2 living
. rent Jl4; owner retiring. Bo 6* Filbert.
HALF !r.ter»st tr. a barber shop for Bale. 200
Townsend st.
\- whole or hair-lnt^n s-t : city front;
••• ferries. 2." Ka*t st.. near ' lay.
OFAKKKLI.. 71»— Store, suitable butcher shop;
good location; alter to suit tenant: rent cheap.
HAN or laiiy to pot up flxtun
coffee and chop house downtown; no experi-
ence required. 6"G Clay st.
BARBER shop running t chairs, clearing 120
a week, with 3 rooms, furniture; will give
trial. Box 756, Call office. " ' "'.."* ."
$3000— EQUITY in Chicago income property to
trade for San Francieco property or a good
business. Box I<3». Call.
FOR naie — Grocery and bar, with living rooms.
Inquire Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop near city. Apply
DECKELMAX BROS.. IPS Ellis st.
$100 000 to loan on sealskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy.. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED- The best business that $50 cash
will buy. Box 1438. Call. ■
FIRST-CLASS waist maker to take half In-
terest In opening dressmaking establishment.
214 Van Ness aye.
$200— DELICACY store; 34 San Pablo aye., Oak-
land; good reason for selling; doing good
business. ■ ' ■
WANTED— SaIoon in country- Address box
1425. Call Office. .
BARGAIN; good restaurant; no reasonable
offer refused. Inquire Santa Clara Dairy, 1012
Howard St., near Steuart. '
WANTED — Young man with $260 to start a
corner grocery and bar; good stand in view;
cheap rent. Apply 712 Vermont st.
LARGE hotel furnished; must be sold. Call
256 Third Ht. and make offar.
GOOD location for butcher shop; 2 rros. : rent
reas. 290 3d aye., cor. Clement; Sutro cars.
OYSTER house and restaurant; very best lo-
cation. Apply Call office.
FOR — Call route at San Jof*. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea.
spices, etc.; supplied as wanted; cheapest
prices. 107-109 Beale st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$650— CLEARS $150 34 rooms
$450: worth $1000; a snap 14 rooms
' $300 h0u5e...'.... 10 rooms
$3500; corner house; clears $300 82 rooms
$375; sunny corner; new $ rooms
On Market St.; clears $300 32 rooms
$700; central; fine yard 14 rooms
18-room house on Sixth at $500
25 rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100 • 800
21-room house; central; clears $150 800
S2-room house; best in city 1000
12-room house; worth $800 300
16- room' house; on Sutter st ..' 450
24-room house; clears $150 1400
20- room house; worth $1000.. 400
CO other house*, from 3 to 200 rooms. All
prices.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
A— St-room house; best transient house j
in city; 2 entrances: a bargain ....
48 rooms; north of Market St.; fine... $1200
76 rooms; select; transient; corner r. 3500
18 rooms; rent $30 400
22 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 — 1150
! 10 rooms: all ■ new furniture 600
IF YOU will call ON us
we'will suit YOU as TO location
PRICE AND size OF HOUSE
" F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
A— BIG bargain; must be sold at once: 18
rooms: new furniture; given away for $400
only. F. C. HYDE & CO., 1206 Market St.
A— KREDO ft CO • • ...22V4 Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
1 rooms; Turk St.; all rented $275
11 rooms; new and elegant: O'Farrell St.. 600
12 rooms- Ellis St.; clears $40 y . 800
IB rooms Third st.; rent only $30 275
22 rooms: dining-room; corner.... 1700
a— 1600." 23 rooms; monthly receipts $115; rent
$45;g00d furniture. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
1 MM- 27 rooms: centrally located; clears $150
month; snap. KREDO. & CO., 22% Geary at.
wik^TON &' CO., 646 Market st. ;
16 rooms; Market St.; rent $50; part caah. $850
26 rooms; rent $35; comer 650
30 rooroB; Post St.; fine place 1.900
Aft rooms- rent $90; corner --... 800
66 roS rent $110; near Call building.. 2,000
HOUSE oTio well furnished rooms; pays
well- cheap rent; great bargain. .National
Agency, 7 Grant aye. '■■','--'
»w_i« FURNISHED rooms: 1 block from Mar-
ket st- rooms all S rented; good, location.
JONES &SEARLL, 865 Market ft.... .
MKAZ-M-RfHiM bi'use; all rente.l; best location
city; r^nt $ru montl^ BABILE. 873^ Market.
sgi;rrw,i a rM.r rt > M °-
y^ ■y} A im*s. a i"' I r.~nt' ; .isr lnter ;
SEWIMi MACHIKBg. j .
DOMESTIC- 6 drawers, walnut, nickel plated,
$15. 2071 Ellis st. -■■■•■
atttomaTlC Domestic, Singer and White
cJeapTrepSring guaranteed. 1815 Mission »t.
«r vfriNTTWT^T rented; repaired, bought, sold;
mi?h?n 9 H^uppno 8 145 Sixth; pbon., Mint <S.
ALL kind, bought, •old. exc . h » ,2 e< ,KJ, K Jl te<l :
i repairing at lowest rate*. »6 Fourth «t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEB 12, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
EDDY, 1541— Nice 2-story house; 6 large rooms;
6 closets; modern; rent reasonable.
HARRIET, 137. between Folsom and Harrison,
Sixth and Seventh— Nice house, 7 rooms, bath,
gas; decorated and painted; dry basement.
LARGE 12-room house to let low to a good ten-
ant; sunny side IJroadway, near P. ilk. Apply
to <"• S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents,
630 Market st.
20 MARY, near Fifth and Mission— 7 rooms;
double parlors; $22 SO.
to loan; ladies' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris', 15 Grant aye.
WE can rent you a house with or wltbout a
flagpole. BALDWIN * HOWELL. 10 Moot-
pomery et.
$25 — HANDSOME 6 sunny rooms and garden;
warm belt Mission; High School. 514 Guerrero.
S LODGE rooms furnished, 927 Mission; 10-
room house. 2417 Sutter; 6-room cottags. 2405
Putter. Apply X.. ALTSCHUL. 32" Clay it.
fir.nlshed Hoisiis.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms,
hall, bath, gas, hot and cold water; coal and
gas stoves; large basement floored; front and
back yatd; rent only $25; Inspect 10 to 5. Call
or address F. C. HYDE & CO.. 120 C Marke
COTTAGES TO LET.
WANTED— Tenants at once for lovely 5-room
cottages; Si 2. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
Fl KM SHED FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath;
complete for housekeeping. 11l Fell st.
FLATS TO LET.
CLAY, 1417 A —One of the most beautiful flats
In town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON, 872^ south oT Kre-.ierlck— Bunny
modern flat of E rooms and bath; cheap.
ELEGANT sunny corner flat of 7 rooms and
bath. 1100 Golden Gate aye.
FELL, 511— Flat, 4 rooms, bath; basement; gas;
hot and cold water; yard; $15; key at 513 Fell.
FLAT to let, 7 rooms and hath; suitable for
rooming and private. S5l Folsom st.
FRANKLIN, 717,ne.ir Goiiien Gate aye.— Sunny
corner flat of 8 rooms and bath.
EN GATE aye., 1158, near Webster^-New
eunny upper flats, 8 and 7 rooms.
HYPE. 1720— $1S; is choice sunny rooms; all
modern improvements.
IVY aye., 62. near Mechanics' Pavilion — Fine
sunny flat 4 rooms.
LARKIN. 706— Flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rent $18 and $20^
LARK IN, 1810— To let; small flats of three
rooms.
LEAVENWoiiTH, lf.lSt— Upper flat, 5 rooms;
modern . improvements; rent $16.
LOVELY 7-room flat on Pine st. ; $30; flats
$10 up. SPECK & CO., CC2 Market et.
MARYE terrace. S, oft Turk, nr. Larkin— Flat
of 3 rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
MODERN eunny Jlat. 10 rooms; would cult
physician. 826 Golden Gat? aye.
NAT' i.MA, nS— t-room flat, lower part of house;
Bunny side; water free: $12.
NEW Bat, .", rooms nnd bath; all modern Im-
provements. 83» ("hUT?h st.
TEHAMA. SSl— Upper sunny modern flat; 7
rooms and bath; low rent; also lower Mat.
; to loan on diamonds, watches: low rates;
private offices. Uncle Harris. 15 Graut aye.
WE can rent you a flat wan or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELU 10 Moa'.-
gomsry st.
X NEW sunny modern flats, '■ ?25 Golden Gate
aye., 615^ Grove st. and 1421 Hayes st.
4 rooms, 125 Page St., bet.
L-h and Octavia.
ROOMS FOH UODSEICBEPUVG.
AT Polk, BM— Newly furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekpg; neat, clean, quiet house.
BUCHANAN, 602,- corner Fell— Bay-windows
with kitchen; all sunn] ; $12 to $14 per suite.
BUENA VISTA aye., 449. Ashbury Heights—
6 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
DEVISADERO, 2004—3 large sunny furnished
rooms; gas stove; bath; 3 lines of cars.
ERIE. 47, bet 13th and 14th— 3 neat cheap
rooms, furnished for housekeeping; garden.
FLATS of 3 sunny rooms for housekeeping, $13.
1210 Folsom st.
FOLPOM, 863— Large sunny furnished bedroom;
oozy connecting kitchen; furnished; yard.
GEARY. 918— Flat, 5 sunny cootns; water free;
rent $14. ' - .
$100,000 to loan on sealskin?, diamonds and Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, ,15 Grant live.
HOWARD, 719 V* — 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms.
HOWARD, 1068— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others. $8; single. $4 mo.
JACKSON, 920. near Mason— Furnished sunny
large front housekeeping room; $8 to $9.
JONES, 2056—2 gunny unfurnished front rooms;
bath; tubs; cheap.
McALLI: •■:•:;. Large sunny front room,
with running water; also kitchen.
MISSION, MS— or 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms complete: cheap.
MISSION, 112SH — light, furnished house-
keeping room, $10; also small room; $5 per
month.
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; other rooms; reasonable.
ATOM a. 168- unfurnished connecting rooms
for housekeeping; separate house; reasonable.
O-TAVIA. 155— Low rent; one or more; fur-
nished or unfurnished; use of parlor.
OCTAVIA, 14iA;, corner Geary— Large sunny
room and kitchen with stove; $12.
RUSS, 148 — large housekeeping room, all con-
veniences, $2 por week; also front and back
parlor, nicely furnished, with uee of kitchen.
SIXTH, 21GV&— Sunny front room for light
houeekpg; other sunny rooms; cheap; quiet.
THE Piedmont, USA Sixth et.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TURK, 20 — Nicely furnished rooms; also 2 com-
plete for housekeeping.
VALLEJO, 1301—3 sunny unfurnished front
rooms; bay-wlndown; bath; $9.
VAN NESS, 400 — Unfurnished sunny parlor
floor, 4 rooms; newly papered: modern.
VAN NESS aye., 712— Sunny suites, single
rooms' with or without board; housekeeping
room s. • •_ •■- •■ ■'■>'■
KOO3IS TO LET.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
houspkpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 15c to 50c.
A— STOCKTON, 242— First-class sunny front
Kome; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
RLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BALIIOA, The. 1409 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per wepk; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 8 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
CLIFFORD, 204 EUls. or. Mason— dunny
suites and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, $10 mo.
EDDY, 8, corner Powell— Sunny furnished
front room on Market st. ; $2 50 per week.
FELL, US — Lan?e finely finished room; running
wut*r. gas, etc.; private family.
FIFTH, 109, near Market— Sunny room for gent;
alßo suite for doctor; quiet house.
FIFTH. 322—11 a week; large sunny single fur-
nished room; closet; '-nth: private.
F_FTE_DNTH, 21K2— 2 larg-e sunny unfurnished
rooms; large yard; cheap rent; must be seen
to be apprecfated; see owner on premises after
10 a. m. ; no children^
FIRST, 28 — Furnished outside room, $3 per
month.
GEARY, 402— Just opened; carpets and furni-
ture new; ?un,ny, front, furnished and un-
furnished rooms; reasonable; offices; Ist floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; 6ultea or single. MRS. H. HTER.
OEART. 622 and 610— Newly furnlßhed sunny
bay-window room.; also other niuras.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night. 280 to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard care.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 413— Newly furnished,
double and single rms; new house; gas; bath.
GOLDEN Gate aye., 427— Hot house, sunny
place. ________
GOLDEN GATE aye., 216— Suite, well fumlehed.
adapted for doctor's office, music teacher or
housekeeping; also large sunny liacrn-nt.
GOLDEN GATE av>\, 1080, cor. r<__nn> -Middle
fiat: park view, handsomely furnished; extra
large sunny bay-window front room; quiet
home; price $12 '.0.
GOUGH, 680—2 sunny furnished rooms; hot
and cold water.
GRAND" SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mißslon— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 MlßSlnn— Select family
room Ing house; tl 60 to it per week.
$100,000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HARRISON, 784^— Finely furnished sunny
rooms, bath; also housekeeping; all conve-
niences; $1 week up.
HASKELL, The. 121 Powell st.— Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HVi>;;. SlB, near Itush— Elegant rooms in fine
order; new carpets; In private house; will
be let unfurnished; references.
MASON, 22S— Nicely furniahedL light rooms,
from $1 50 per week up; quiet house.
MINN^A, 230— Nicely furnished single sunny
rooms; reasonable.
MINNA KJ. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 763— A nice clean furnished room, $4
a month.
NINTH, 113 — Nice sunny tarnished rooms for 1
or 2 gents, $5 and $6 per month.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month.
PINE. 914— Nicely furnished double and single
r.'ims; bath; gus; private family.
POWELL. 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
Hiiltp or single; also transient: ront cheap.
POWELL. Sl7 ffonner Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
POWELIa 817— Elegantly furnished suite: aur.
all day; bath; gaa; telephone; 2 or 3 gents.
SEVENTH, 192. near Howard (Girard Houas)—
Eunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth «t.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TO let— Part of a houpe- sunny corner; S and
5 rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 542 Haifirht
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St.. opp. Gough—
House newly furnich-'d : single room* or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK. 132— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2; sunny single front room, $4.
VAN NESS aye.. M?— Ladles preferred; pri-
vate; with physician's family.
ROOMS AND HOAtIV
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk Bts.; ouiet, homelike:
terms moderate: board opt'nal; all cars direct.
AHLBORN Hou-P. 319-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms SOc up; b^ard and room. $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hot 3 !.
EDDY, 626 (Irvlngdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suits, beet board, $10 up; single, $20 up.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant avo.
HYI'E. 408— Sunny rooms, with or without
board; Spanish family; American cooking: ref.
MISSION. B*o— Nicely furnished suites and
plngle rooms: with board.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Pleasant mom for gentJe-
nian; parlor: piano; home cooking; $20 up.
SOUTH PARK. 15&— Nicely furnished rooms,
with board. $4 to $5 per week.
STOCKTOK, 317 Newly furnished sunny rooms
with or without board; very central; cheap.
THF, ORIEL — New elegantly furnished sunny
Market ?t. suites, with board for 1, $40 per
month; single rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 619— Sunny 'urnishM suites
and sinple rooms: first-class table board.
VAN NESS, Excellent table board: sunny
furnished rooms. ';-;-.*
CHILDREN HOARDED. "~~
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch -office of The~Cali~
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OFFICES TO L_.T.
EMMA KPRKCKELK building, 92T Market St.;
light, heat, janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
b-ORES TO LET.
CITY HALL Square, 7. corner Market— Suitable
for any business; rent $I.'.
NICE sunny stores, with living rooms, at 339
Noe St.- . . . ,
NORTH cor. Pacific and Saninma sts.—
Handsome corner store. $30 per month.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. a vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 yeara" practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; dlsgraca
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though elite fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; eelf-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIE6. IMS Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2. .-,'■' -\:
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated r«me-
_le« find treatment have never been known to
fail; travelers helped without delay; home in
confinement: skillful medical attention; ail
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free aiu\ confidential; strong pills.
fa: guaranteed curt. $5. MRS. DR. WYETH.
208 Turk Bt., near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules am guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 B0 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
Epeclal diseases free. WALLER BROS.. £3
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Tßefore pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process pent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace; pills and capsules. $1; cure.
15. By the well-known ladles' physician for
87 years. DR. POPPER, SIS Kearny et
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used, guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market at.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infant* adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'B French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O, D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Const Agents. Oukland. Cal.
$100,000 to loan on bronzes, silver-warn: private
entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. l. r X Secnd St.
LOST.
Tuesday, "i.t >ber 11, on Montgomery St., be
tween Mills building and Valaoe Hotel, gold
ring with ernernld set In diamonds. Return
to room 5, eighth Door Mlila building; liberal
reward.
LOST— In Ban Fnvhdeco October 11. black
cooker bitrh. Oakland tag numb«rod 51F>. Re-
turn to HUGH ALDRICH 906 Broadway,
Oakland.
$5 REWARD— LoFt on Tuesday; 30 Internal rev-
tnue tobacco stamps. Return to H. BOHLS
& CO.. 244 Fremont Bt.
LOST— Tuesday, gold fob, buckte and charm.
Return to 2516 Union St.. and receive liberal
reward.
LOST— Sunday, 9th lnst., pair gold sr*»ctaclea In
case. Return to 445 Eddy st. ; reward.
CERTIFICATE No. 284 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San .Toaquin Valley Railroad,'
Issued to A. G. RUSS. has been lr>Bt and a
reward of $10 Is hereby offered for delivering
the Fame to A. O. RUSH, 201 Montgomery st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco, In the
name of CHARLES ZISSTO. No. 222,114. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— and white greyhound dog, Return
to 1019 Market st. Liberal reward.
OLD gold, diamonds and wedding presents
bought at UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
""found.
$100,000 to loan ■ ladles on their diamonds and
sealskins. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Bteam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
88 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Bend to ST\AULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Workß, 853-57 -Tfbama st. tel. B. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; velald at Jo
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St. : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 8c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 833 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. . „ ■. :-.-,>..<. •■,,
ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Main 894.--GEO: WOLCOM. Proprietor.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
777 Market St., room 7. *
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counaelor-at-law,
40 Montgomery st., room 16. ■ ■ . _
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckelß bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.'
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. . - •
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; : few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples ana
prices. ALEXANDER & C 0. .110 Montgomery.
A Hammond, $25; Callßraph. »15; Yost. $23;
get sample work, SCOTT. 83? Montgomery at.
-._<• STORAGE. ~ --,""
?lE^C^mjß^LPH~^tora«e J^nT~MoTlni^ Co.,
' office Tenth and Market; telephone South 18.
PERSOXALS.
INFORMATION wanted as to whereabouts of
VINCENT RO6ELLI; last seen on Kearny
Et., near Pacranit- nto, Ban Francisco. CAT-
TKRINA ROBBLLt, North Teaescal.
LEDERER'S Qulnonla, an extract ot quinine,
is a perfect hair tonic; SSc a bottle; try it. G.
LKI>ERF.R. 11l Stockton St.
LKI>KRER is the up-to-date hairdresser: 2">c;
hair restored to its natural color, -$1 50 up;
good switches, Jl; finest, $3 50; extra, *5; open
Bunday 9 to 12. G. LEDERKR. 11l Btockton.
BEND 10c (carrency) for I months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters, New Orleans,
La. ; regular price. $1 per year.
MANUFACTURER'S stock, S5O beautiful col-
ored pictures, 10xi4 Inches, mounted on cflasa
with bru^s chain around for hanging; 89 sub-
jects for 15c each; sold everywhere for 35c.
JONES, 547 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d\
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third et.. near Market; 200 rooms,
he tn=U 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver; 25c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co.. HK l^ Washington, Oakland.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
tl week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installment*. I*
I.EMDS, 1117 Market St.. b«t. 7th end nh.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French "nilnrinT
College, fclS Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOi SSTEIN— EI ant stylish drepses. 55
up: dresßPs made over. '■'. WA&y st.. rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, reel ire ■ •■•■•- affec-
tions: unites the BeparatetL recovers tost,
etolen or buried property; locates treasures.
minerals; tells your entlro life while 1:
feel trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market ri... opp. Sixth.
Miss DWYfCK, the disttngutaaed clairvoyant
medium, graduated under th^ highest profV-s-
sors of occultlpm; all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately; poor
half fee; by mall, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 2f>o up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. EXODIUS, clairvoyant. 130 Sixth St.,
room 4; fee 50c.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to gravee future hua-
band'fl picture, 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
filer, has opened an nffW at 31 r ) O'Farn-U st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader.medical clairvoyant. diseases cured
with revealed remedies: cancer cured without
pain; sittings $1 : diagnosis free. 232 Stockton
M FRANCES, independent 6late-writtng me-
dium. 118 Haleht Bt.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st.; read-
ingp. »: fir. Tves . Fri.. 2 p m. : ?*nn S; ;-,c.
DBRTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can g»t
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as parer and so
light it floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns.
S3 60 up; gold fillings, $1 up; silver, iOc up;
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but expert sneed dentists to do your
work: no charg*. for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. MOI'ERN DENTAL PABLORS, S Ma-
son St., corner Market: phone South 781. .
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
cur specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
■. teeth. $5; fillings, gold $1 i:;>; silver '."ic
up; bridges; plates repaired; all v.-ork pain-
less and Warranted 10 jrears. Mew York
Dentists, 969 Mission St., corner Sixth.
DR. GEORGE W. LEF.K, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entve of improved bridge work or t»eth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Ele< tro Dental Parlors; full sot
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to Btnnd; open evenings.
997 Market Kt.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. Dear
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work r'-ajona,ble; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. C.
YOUNG, IA4I Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1"2" Market ft.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cofh and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
fame ac if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and soma good pianos for IS. $4 and
15 "per month. SHERMAN. CLAY 4 CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and gutter
ets., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, £S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; pri'".i I iwest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
AN elegant Knahe piano; slightly used; cab-
inet grand: mahogany case: 3 pedals: a bar-
gain: also l Vose & Sons, 1 Stirling, 1 Steck.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chlckering agents.
16 to 20 O'Farrell st. ■ . ■
FOR the next SO days pianos will be gold for
cash at almost cost j>r!cf> b- the ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st. ; they
are making room for fresh : tnck.
SOHMER *• CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newhy. Evans,
BHurs an-I other pianos; see fur rent plan;
no interest fir«t year.- 3OP. *io, 312 Post st.
|?O— TJFRJGHT piano; goi»l tune; for sale on
$5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
$'j(> Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmltz,
16 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank.
AN elegant Steinwny, upright for $250 cash;
miwit sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 .'an Ness aye.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUKQ. M 8 McAllister.
6PKCIAL sale Ol piano?; wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 824 Post st.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights, tio jp;
rents J2 up. HEINE, 138 Ellis st.
KNHBE pianos; new scale; nnw :"j les. KOH-
LER & CHABR. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Ml'lJiEß, mnkvr, repairer. 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia Bt., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived — 2 carloads work, draft and drlv-
lng horsos. Occidental Sale Yards. 72l Howard.
wagonsTandT^carriages.
LADIES' rustic cart, 2-horse trap and 6-pas-
senger wagonette. Golden Gate aye. and
Polk St.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— JIiSCELLANEOUS.
FOR SALE at a bargain a complete plant for
can making, suitable for any cannery. For
further particulars address COWARD, 217
Sacramento st.
BABY carriage; nearly new. 1015 Howard st.
FOR SALE —50 dozen soft-finish thread.
Address P. O. box 429, Oakland.
AN almost new Oliver for Bale cheap. Address
box 784, Call office.
FOR sale — No. 8 Eureka ranch stove. 119
Tenth Ft.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
100,000 FEET Rpcond-hand lumber; all kinds
old buildings bought and sold. FRENCH &
CO., Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
BARS, back liars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St., above
Sixth.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— Now and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20: records. $.t per dozen:
projectoscope, $100. Baeigalupl. 935-952 Market.
J R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mlp.-! n: tel. South 787.
BAFES — Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes: half original cant. 109-111 Markt-t, S. V.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNBLL, office and residence.
1206 Market; dleases of -vomen specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
COFFET. hughks & CO., ■■»
19 Montgomery at., under Lick House.
$1750— Rents for $20; corner on Bryant St.,
near Second; cheap at $2500. .
$35W— Rents for $41; half-block from Market
and Fifth sts. ' '
SICK) 000 to loan; low Interest: strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCUE HARRIS. I.'. Grant aye.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
0 to loan on watches, bronzes; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 1". Grant aye.
WRITS M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Tehama
Co.. Cnl. Iliustr.'ted land hook free.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
CHK.VPEFT and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States, postrald, for $1 50 a year.
$100,000 to Iron: low interest; private offices;
private entrance. Uncle Hiirrie. 15 Grant aye.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station, Oakland: key
nt 940 Union st. KOENIO. & KROLL. 1006
Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
•with carpets: rpnpr.nal.lt> J2ff> BroatlwaT.
HOTEL TO KENT t NFI UMSHED.
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
IS rooms'; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. ; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMH, 10. r ,O Broadway.
OAKLAND UKN'ITUttB FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
RAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. S»<» him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NEW modern 8-room house on easy terms;
must be sold. Box 1453. ''all office.
BElli-ELEY HEAL ESTATE.
$5503— NEW housa of 7 rooms and bath: all
modern improvemtnts; large lot: street work
nil done and near the university. JOS. J.
MAFOV Real Kstat" n-rV,-»i»Y Nation.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY tn loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.: do not
borrow of your frirnds or you will IOFe their
friendship; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., OaX-
lar.d or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal" no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Btc're, 918 Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion: lowest interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; {25 up;
private party. BONNKLLI. 130 Post st.
ANY amount nt 6H per cent on real estate, 2d
and 8d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLQAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
JIHO.OOO to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
>W money at cut rates on diamonds and
Jewelry. L. H. PCHARER. 22 Mason St.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister St.
XD mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st.
|86 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery St.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invert. SYfc-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 32« Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining. engineering: «ur-.
veylng, 'assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1532; catalogue.
AYRK.S' Business College. 723 Market St.: indi-
vidual instruction in shorthand, typing* book-
keeplng, telegraphy, penreanshlc, English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $iO; low rates
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry, Ph. B., Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr. Channinc: way. Berkeley ; writefor circular.
ENGINEERING S.hool-Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1*64. VAN PER NAII.LEN. i»33 Market.
MARHESra vocal studio, 811 Leavenworth et.,
near Putter: $1 an hour: also piano.
MMX. ANNIfi MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
instnictior.s; correct, natural method. l'3oßush.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th «t.
$10^.000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew-
elry. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
ENGLISH literature, mythology: Shakespeare
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS Invited— Sealed proposals will be
received for channel corrections on the San
Joaquin River and Stockton Channel. San
Uln County, California. The San Joaquin
Rivtr work unbraces channel corrections at
proposed cut-offs Noa. 3 and 4, as shown on
sheet 3 of surveys on file In this office,
and to be made In accordance with plans and
specifications now on file In this office.
Bids will be received at the office until 1
o'clock p. m.. WEDNESDAY. November J,
1698. at which time they will be publicly
opened.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certified
check on some bank of good standing, payable
to the order of H. J. Corcoran, chairman of
the Auditing Board to the Commissioner of
Public Works of California, in the sum of
two thousand ($2000) dollars, which check
shall be forfeited to the State If the bid which
such check accompanies is accepted and the
party making fhe bid shall refuse to enter
Into a contract and execute a satisfactory
bond for the faithful performance of the con-
trait awarded him. The right to reject any
and all bids Is reserved.
All bids must be directed to "Auditing
Board, room No. 61, Capitol building, Sacra-
mento, California," indorsed "Proposals for
Channel Corrections San Joaquin River and
Stockton Channel."
By order of the Auditing Board.
JOHN MARKLEY, Secretary.
Sacramento, October 5, IS9S.
PROPOSALS for Fresh Beef and Mutton-
Office Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.,
Oct. 11. lS',"v Scaled proposals for furnishing
and delivering Fresh beef and mutton will be
received here and at offices of Commissaries
at Alcatmz Island. Angel Island. Benlcia
Barracks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Fran-
OiSOO and San Plego Barracks, Cal., until 11
o'clock a. m., November 11, IS9B, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for Frvsh Beef and
Mutton," and he addressed to undersigned or
to Commissary at post to be supplied. S. F.
THORN, Major, Chief Commissary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and b»
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HARNETT— In Lorln. Berkeley. October 10.
1898, to the wife of B. A. Harnett, a son.
KATZ— In this city, October : 10, 1898, to the
wife of L«. R. Katz, a son.
MALOUGH— In South ■ San Francisco. October
8, 183S, to the wife of J. Malough. a son.
—-—- MARRIED. ■ r
SIMON— In this city.. October 9, 1898.
'by the Rev." Hyman Samuelson,. Abraham
Volpin of Yuma, Ariz., "and Annie Simon of
San Francisco. " . "; .. .•; :
. DIED. : ;. .■-. —~> —
Barron. Mary E. . ■ Johnson. Emma ■T. ■ -
Benjamin, Abraham : - Jouett. ■ Cavilier H.
■ Blundell. James . ■'■ Judd. Lizzie O.
Brenthaver, Rebecca Lynch. Michael '"■
Burtschell, "William . HcArdle, Thomas J. :
Doane, Wllliard:C. ' Maier, Jacobine
Doyle, Mary C. Kevins. June*
Dykes. Grace O'Brien, Kate
• Green. Anna . • .. Peterson. Oustaf E.
Gutman. Rachel : Sawyer, ,. Annie
Harloe, Mary J. Shields, Hu*h .
Ileeney, John . Summon,' Nellie
Hnban. Patrick Toohy, Ellen M.
Jentzsch. Rop'.na ■ ..-. Waters, John T.
Johnson. Emma
BARRON— In this city, October . 10, IS9B, at
her residence, 3609 Army street, Mary
E. , dearly beloved wife of ; William Barron,
mother of Rosabel and Zoe Barron, and sis-
ter of ; John J., William. James and Thomas
■ "Jordan and Mrs. Tesle, a native or New-
castle-on-Tyne. England, aged 33 years and
9 months.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter. :
BENJAMIN— In this city. October 11. 1898.
Abraham F., beloved husband of • Rebecca
D Benjamin, father of Florence, Ansley,
Arthur and Ray Benjamin, beloved eon of
Jacob Benjamin, and son-in-law of George
A. Davis, a native of New Orleans, aged 48
years 7 months and 14 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at !':4J o'clock, from Franklin
Hall. 1839 Fillmore street, under the auspices
of King Solomon's Lodge No. 280, F. and A.
M. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by
11:30 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
BLUNDELL— In the City and County Hospital,
October 10, IS3S, James Blundell, a native of
England, aged 63 years.
BRANTHAVER— In Oakland, October 11. 'ISM.
Rebecca Louisa, beloved wife of Daniel, and
mother of H. S. Branthaver. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 67 years.-
BURTSCHELL—In Seattle. September 23. 1898,
William Burtschell of San Francisco, aged
38 years.
DOANE— In this city, October 10, 1898, Wll-
lard C. beloved husband of Alice A. Doane.
father of Blanche May Doane, and brother
of I. Y. and P. A. Doane, a native of East-
ham, Mass., aged 59 years 1 month and 19
days. (Boston. Mass., papers please copy.)
C^Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day i Wednesday), at
2:15 o'clock, from his late residence. 29 Hill
street, between Valencia and Guerrero. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by special
coaches leaving S. P. R. R. station. Twenty-
fifth and Valencia streets, at 3:40 o'clock.
DOYLE— In this city. October 11, 1898, Mary C,
beloved wife of Charles A. Doyle, mother of
Charles M. Doyle, and daughter of M. S.
- O'Brien, a native of St. Louis. Mo., aged
40 ears.
DYKES— In this city, October 11. 1898, Grace,
dc-arly beloved daughter of Marie and John
Dykes Jr., a native of San Francisco, aged
14 days.
GREEN— In Dublin, Alameda County, Cal.,
October 11. 1888, Anna, relict of the late John
Green, and mother of T. H.. J. E.. E. F.,
Emily and Ella Green. Mrs. J. E. Owens ana
Mrs. W. H. Donahue, a native of Ireland.
aged 65 years. .
C^Frlentls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral, which will
take place to-morrow(Thursday). at 9 o'clock,
from her late residence, thence to St. Mich-
ael's Church, Llvermore, where a solemn rv-
qulem mass, commencing at 11 o'clock, will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
GUTMAN— In this city. October 10. IS9S. Rach-
el beloved wife of Samuel Gutman, daugh-
ter of Lahna and the late Woolf Isaacson,
and sister of George J., Max and Hattie
Isaacson, a native of San Francisco, aged
37 years and 8 months. -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the Mineral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 126 Locust avenue. Interment
Salem Cemetery.
HARLOE— In this city, October 10, 1898. Mary
J., beloved wife of the late Captain Archie
Harloe, mother of Thomas Sloane Harlo*.
and Bister of Mrs. J. I. Vail and Mrs. M. D.
Kirk, a native of Poughkeepsle. N. Y. (New
York City and Poughkeepsle, N. V.,, papers
please copy.) •
. tCTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral' this day (Wednesday), as
2 o'clock, from her late residence. 2527 How-
ard street, between Twenty-first and Twenty-
second. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
UK BY— ln this city. October 9, 1898. John
Heeney. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
A member of Butte. Mont.. Miners' Union. .
Friend" and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fujteral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan s
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HOBAN— In this city, October 10, 1858, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of the late Margaret
Hoban, brother of Mrs. Man' Ryan. Mrs.
Margaret Egan and the late John Hoban. anil
uncle of Patrick, Joseph and John Hoban, a
native of County Galway, Ireland, aired 51
years. A member of Triumph Lodge No. ISO,
A. O. U. W.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
\Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 8993 Eighteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JENTZSCH— In this city. October 11, IS9B,
Rosina. beloved wife of the late Gottlob
Jentzsch, and mother of Relnhold, Agnes.
Leopold. Otto and Waldemar Jentzsch and
Mrs. Edward Whltson, a native of Germany,
aged 73 years 2 months and 7 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 113 Morris avenue, off Bryant street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In Oakland, October 10, 1898. Em-
ma, beloved wife of Wesley Johnson, and
mother of William and Joseph Harland of El
Paso, Texas, and Corlnne A. Harland. a na-
tive of Houston. Texas., aged 50 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1714 V» Seventh street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
j JOHNSON— this city, October 11, 1898, Emma
Theresa, beloved mother of James H. and
William B. Whiteslde. and grandmother of
Mrs. Hattle A. Kornman and Edward P.
Whiteslde. a native of Virginia, aged 74
years. (Illinois papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Western Addition Funeral Directors,
2428 California street, between Fillmore and
Stelner. Interment Masonic Cemetery.. 1 , -,
JOUETT— In this city, October 9, 1898, Cavil-
ler Hamilton Jouett, a native of New York,
aged 39 years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Trinity
Church, corner Bush and Gough streets, to
which friends of . the family and !of Major
W. B. HooDer are kindly invited to attend.
Interment private.
JUDD— In Ban Diego, October 8. 1898, Lizzie
G., beloved wife of Norris A. Judd. a native
of Pawtucket, R. I.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
LYNCH— In this city. October 10, 1898, Michael.
beloved husband of Mary Lynch, father of
Mary Lynch, and brother of Patrick, Norah
and Mary Lynch and Mrs. J. Costello. a na-
tive of Ballylonfrford. County Kerry, Ire«
land, aged 34 years.
Es"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 29 Valparaiso street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a requiem mass will
be said for the repose of his soul, commencing"
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery;
McARDLE— In this city, October 11. 1898,
Thomas Jefferson, beloved son of Nora and
the late Thomas McArdle, and brother of
John Joseph and Mrs. Jane . Moore, a native
of San Francisco, aped 37 year*. v " ■ '
(C7- Remains at the undertaking parlors of
Valente, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton street.
MAIER— In this city, October 10. 1898, Jacob-
lne, dearly beloved wife of Thomas Maier,
mother of Mrs. William Schraft. Mrs. H.
Kestler and William, Eddie, Rudolph and!
Gustave Maler. and niece . of Mrs. Joseph
Buhllnger, a native of Kuppurr Karlsruhe,
Baden. Germany, aged 53 years 6 months and
29 days. (Gilroy papers please copy.) . . ; , .
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
■ residence, 1315 Mission ■ street, near Nine-
teenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
KEVINS— In Vallejo, October 11. IS9S. James,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Nevins, and ,
father of J. Gorham Nevins and Mrs. N. H.
Hlckman, a native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
ICTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro-wf
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resl-'
dence In Vallejo, thence to St. Vincent's
Illy Invited to a high the funeral to-morroi*
'hursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resl-
>nce in Vallejo, thence to St. Vincent's
lurch, where a high requiem macs will b*
celebrated for the repose of his soul.
O'BRIEN— In this city, October 9, 1898. Kate,-
• loved wife of Thomas O'Brien, and mother
of Arthur, James, John, Mary and Nellie.
O'Brien. Mrs. A. Paulsen, Mrs. T. Sullivan,
Mrs G. W. Peyton and Mrs. J. Behr, a na-
tive of County Tipperary, Ireland, aged 85
ye C7"The funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), from- her late residence. 4213
Nineteenth street, thence to Mission Dolores
Church where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city, October 8, 1898, Gus-
taf E. Peterson, brother of I". O. and J. A. .
Peterson. Mrs. C. Lundgren and Mrs. Captain
Youngren, a native of Sweden, aged 33 years.
-[£7- Friends are respectfully Invited -to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from the residence of her sister,
I Mrs. Captain Youngren. 3241 Twenty-first I
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SAWYER— In this city, October 10, 1898.. Annie
Sawyer, a native of Maine, aged 71 years. : .
SHIELDS— this city, October 11, 1898, Hugh,
beloved husband of. Mary Shields, and father
of Hugh Francis Shields, a native 'of Wil-
mington, Del.,, aged 47 years. -
SLIMMON— In this city, October 10, 1898, Nellla
Sllmmon. a native of Canada, aged 50 years.
TOOHY— this city, October 9, IS9S, Ellen M..
beloved wife of James Toohy, and mother of
Owen Ella, Mary. James, Kate, Alice and .
Joseph Toohy. a native of Scarriff. County
Clare, Ireland. (Plttsburg, Pa., papers please
E7"The - funeral will take - place this - day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1229 Union street, thence to St. Brlgld's
Church, where a requiem • high mass will ibe
celebrated for the repose of .her soul, com-
mencing at - 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
I Cross Cemetery by carriage.
WATERS— In this city, October 11. 1898, at th«
residence of his parents. 212 Clara street,
John Thomas, infant son* of John and Irene
.Waters (nee Berkeley), a native of San Fran-
cisco,' as**! " months and I 1I 1 - days. •
•" ICT-Notlce of funeral hereafter. • -
AIcAVOY & GALLAGHER, T^
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMISAL.AIER3J '
20 FIFTH ST., ojp. Lincoln SelusL I
Telephone. South 80. .I-., ,i M ,if M
I I^^^^^^li™B. VOX. Manager. A
fflcflVOY A. CO.. J
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAL,kICR» I
1235 Market st, between Bth and 9tn. j
.: Telephone, - South^4Tj^^^^^^^J
1112
CLEVER COUP Of
THE DEFENDERS
OF MRS. BOIKIN
They Rob Chief Lees
of Right of Appeal.
NEW WRIT OF HABEAS CORPUS
CASE GOES TO THE SUPERIOR
COURT FOR SETTLEMENT.
Judge Cook Dismisses the Old "Writ
and With Other Superior Judges
Will Consider th«
New.
After all, the Supreme Court Is not to
flecid< whether or not Mrs. Cordelia Bot
klnis a fugitive from the Justice of Dela
ware. By a clever coup effected ester
day by the defense the linal settlement
of 'the extradition problem was thrown
Into the Superior Court, and Judge Car
roll Cook, sitting in bank with other of
the Superior Court Judges whom he may
Select, will render the ultimate decision.
When Governor ■ -id,! announced re
cently that he would issue his warrant
of extradition he reserved his tight to re
voke that Instrument; and he exacted a
promise from the prosecution and defense
that no steps would be taken to remove
Mrs. Botkln outside the State before
gome tribunal had rendered a decision
;upon the questions involved.
It was practically agreed that either
the Supreme or Circuit Court would be
asked to do this upon a writ of habeas
corpus, returnable before the court in
Jjank.
Yesterday morning after Attorney Gen
eral Fitzgerald had handed Chief Lees
the warrant which Governor iJudd nan
eignrd on Monday, George Knight agreed
to meet the Chief, McVey and the officer
who was to servo the Governor's war
rant, at the Chief's office in half an hour.
Simultaneous with Knight's arrival at
the City Hall Detective McVey was. to
his astonishment; served with a new writ
of habeas corpus, returnable before
Judge Carroll Cook In the Superior Court
at 1 o'clock. McVey was inclined at first
to fight ihe service, as he claimed that
lie ha not charge of the prisoner, and
that there was already one writ pend
ing before the same tribunal.
The no' ice was left with him, however,
and he appeared in court at the appoint
ed hour. Chief Lees was served with a
similar paper when he arrived In the
the courtroom with Mrs. Botkin.
Attorney Knight asked that the original
•writ be erased from the record and the
fresh one recorded, as the latest petition
Included McVey's name as well as that
of Chief Lees.
Judge Cook assented and appointed
Monday as the day when he and his col
leagues would, sluing in bank, hear ar
gument upon the petition.
The reason for this sudden move on the
part of the defense was made known by
George Knight, who said:
"If we had applied to the Circuit Court
for a writ, as the Supreme Court sug
gested to me, the prosecution would, we
think, have had the right of appeal If our
petition had been granted.
".From the Superior Court they can take
no appeal in habeas corpus, and if our
writ is granted all that Chief' Lees will
have left to do will be to file an informa
tion or get an indictment against Mrs.
Botkii for murder done in thia State, or,
discharge her from custody.
"An appeal from the Circuit Court might
lit-.- r this woman Jn jail for a year and
■we don't propose to stand that if we can
help it."
IN A SAD PLIGHT.
Elsie Edwards, the Variety Actress,
the Victim of a Designing Man.
Eisi>- Edwarda and not Minnie Hall
Is the name of the variety ac
tress who tried to end her sorrows Mon
day afternoon by jumping into the bay off
the Howard street wharf.
Yesterday she procured a search war
rant in Judge Conlan's court for the re
covery of her trunk, which she claimed
•was being Illegally detained by Madame
Ferlot, a lodging house keeper at 724
California street. She valued Its contents
at $200.
She stated that she came from Seattle
about a Week ago on a pleasure trip and
on arriving here she met a man named
Benjamin Smith, whom she had become
acquainted with in Denver. She was in
duced by him to go to 724 California
Btreet, where he lived, and he beat and
abused her because she refused to lead
B. life of shame. Finally he took the key
of her trunk and drove her out of the
house. In her despair she attempted to
drown herself.
She has been provided with a home in a
private family and the police say they
will arrest Smith for vagrancy and petty
larceny in stealing the key of her trunk.
. ■ -o ■
MINISTERED TO SOLDIERS.
Society of Christian Work Receives
Many Warm Letters of Thanks.
The time and the labor of the Society
Of Christiart Work, abundantly donated
to the eoldiers of the Presidio, has not
|. ADVERTISEMENT.
OVER-WROUGHT NERVES OF WOMEN.
Extracts From Letters Received by Mrs. Pinkham.
- f 'l am bo nervous and wretched." "I feel as if I should fly." How familiar
these expressions are. Little things annoy you and make you irritable. You
s%*\ can't sleep, you are unable to lift ordinary burdens, and
(iL'Sg<*\-^ are subject to dizziness.
W. , W*^4l That bearing-down sensation helps to make you
j/L '7^ j-T^t 4**+^ feel miserable.
XJg « \1 a^lragS^ You have backache and pains low down
J^^eEl * n the side, pain in top of head, later on
y^-^J / \Jsgrif at base of the brain.
y/ j«K Such a condition points unerringly to
/ — MKti \ serious uterine trouble.
' jffiflt \ If you had written to Mrs. Pinkham
t£~ - y ;• mm > Tg^^^M \ when you first experienced impaired
WpW$$#WM&Mk&M V vitality, you would have been
t& ." BHVt %. spared these hours of
kS\^ /***&' IHBfly <s^s9^ awful suffering.
/§ijV| / v>> ~— " Happiness will be gone
*>* /V.'" / w^^^^^^^S. out of your life forever, my
>^*>' J^^^^^^^^m, Bister, unless you act promptly. Procure
joM^^^^^^^k Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound
J^^^^^^^^^^k at once and begin its use, then write to
// 111iil$a Mrs Pinkham, at Lynn, Mass.. if there is
MW^^S^^^^^Mi anything about your case you do not
/i^S^S'i^^^^^^^^ understand. not be af raid to tell her the
f~ You need not be afraid to tell her the
MMM^iM^^^M^^^^r^Vi things you could not explain to the doc-
*^ifc4 tor ' y° ur letter is seen only by women
jSwMMmfM^KM^^mk and is absolutely confidential. Mrs.
W^l|PlP^^M4^^:^#^lL Pinkham's vast experience with such
If miWffW^^^^^P&i troubles enables her to tell you just
& M^^^^^^^}^^m% what is best for you, and she will
/ lab Hp^^M BBjiy wl^' charge you nothing for her advice.
*OST t; *v r^ w Mrs. Jennie Bikrlt, Youngdale,
fc^ '& Pa., writes:
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — you kindly allow me the pleasure of expressing
my gratitude for the wonderful relief I have experienced by taking your Vege-
table Compound. 1 suffered for a long time with nervous prostration, back-
ache, headache, loss of appetite, a heavy bearing-down feeling, also burning
pains in the groins. 1 could not sleep, was tired all the time, had no ambition.
Life was a burden to me. The pains I suffered at times of menstruation were
something dreadful. I thought there was no cure for it. I saw your advertise-
ment in the paper, and my husband advised me to try your medicine. j A \ took
five bottles, and now I am well and happy. Your medicine saved my life."
A Million Women Have Been Benefited by Mrs. Piaktiam's Advice and Medicine
. ■ ■ - ■ , ■ - ■ . ■• - ■•-:_■
FELL THIRTY FEET DOWN A SHAFT
Terrible Accident to Miss Minerva Lyon Wfiife
Ascending in the Hotef Savou
Elevator.
MISS MINERVA LTON plung
ed down the elevator shaft
at the Hotel Savoy about 11
o'clock yesterday forenoon
and sustained Injuries Which the
been for naught. Its pood efforts have
been recently testified to by letters re
ceived by the- president from the ofl
of the various companies of Boldiers who
were the recipients of kindness and favor I
■when they were most in need of it. |
Among the prominent letters are two
received from officers of the First Ten
nessee Regiment, and one from Governor
\V. A. Pochards of Wyoming.
Captain W. J- Whitthorn of Company
B, First Tennessee Ir.fa.ntry, mentions
that the ladies have not only been kind
to the Boldiers, but have given happiness
to homes and comfort to the heart of
many a mother in dpar old Tenni
and that nothing on earth can occur
which -will cause the members of h!a
company to cease loving the splendid i
women of California. In conclusion he j
says: "We are ordered to Manila., and
trust the opportunity may occur to prove
ourselves In some degree worthy of the
hospitality shown us here. The Califor
nia soldiers have been our friends, and
we hope to make those in Manila— your
sons and brothers— our friends and j
brothers also."
Governor Richards warmly compliments
the kind attentions bestowed upon the
members of the Battalion of \V>omliiz
Infantry, which he, while visiting Cali
fornia last June, had the opportunity of
observing.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of Joseph M. Wood was filed yes
terday. The estate is valued at 5273.505.
The bulk of the estate is composed of real
estate holdings, all situated in this State,
the rest and residue being personal prop
erty, including stocks and bonds and
money in bank.
Will Wear a Star.
Charles S. Taylor was yesterday sworn
In as a policeman. He Is a native of
Boston, Mass., 28 years of age, a carpen
ter by occupation and has resided in this
city for twenty-one years.
THE SAN FKAISTCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1893.
police surgeons fear will result fa
tally.
Miss Lyon, who has been residing
with her aunt at 502 Stockton street,
started to visit her Bister, Mrs. L.
J. Gates, who occupies apartments
on the third floor of the hotel. Miss
Lyon and another lady entered the
elevator on the ground floor, and
when the second floor was reached
the second lady asked the elevator
boy to let her out. The caere was
stopped and, according to the boy
OFFICIALS
ACCUSED OF
MISDEMEANOR
Burns, O'Brien, Swift,
Graham, Charged.
THE SCHOOL LUMBER DEAL
•s. c. invrNQ or the grand
JURY AS COMPLAINANT.
He Charges That the Defendants
Have Appropriated Five Thou
sand Dollars and a Lot
of Property.
It is exported that Thomas A. Burns,
J«*hn J. O'Brien. Edward D. Swift and
George B. Graham will be arraigned be
fore Police Judge Low this morning for
, Iracy to defraud the city through
false tmd fraudulent bills for lumber pre
sented to the School Hoard.
The form for the warrants was drawn
up lntft evening by Assistant County At
torney Dunn, the complainant being
Chairman Irving, of the committee on the
Board of Education of the Grand Jury.
School Director Burns and Contractor
Swift were both at the city building yes
terday, prepared to surrender themselves.
School Inspector O'Brien and Assistant In-
Bpector Graham are said to be awaiting
the summons to appear in court and will
be on hand to-morrow.
The warrants, as drawn up, state that
Burns, O'Brien, Swift and Graham have
conspire! to defraud the city out of cer
tain sums of money and several hun
dred thousand feet of lumber. It charges
that between June, 1897. and January, 1888,
1.104,940 feet of lumber was ordered for
the School Department and only 649,714
feet was delivered, the defendants repre
senting that the. entire amount had been
reci ived. and submitting false claims for
455,226 feet at a value or $5000. The war
rant further charges that the defendants
• u-d tills money and appropriated it
to their own use, and did thereby willfully
and unlawfully, fraudulently, knowingly
and design* dly cheat and defraud the said
city and county.
The warrants are sworn to by S. C.
Irving and the specific charge made is
misdemeanor.
FORESTS MUST BE PROTECTED.
A Determined Movement Started by
the State Board of Trade.
For some time 7>ast the manager of the
State Board of Trade has been receiving
communications from people in the coun
try relative to the destruction of the
forests of the coast by fire, and yester
day at the meeting of the board action
was taken.
The seriousness of the subject was fully
appreciated by the members of the board,
who passed a resolution declaring that
the destruction of forests demands the
immediate attention of every peace offi
cer and citizen of the State. The
board will request the Board of Yosemite
Commissioners, the Sierra Club, the For
eetry Commission, all of the prospective
legislators and county officers to co-ope
rate in preventing this destruction. Re
quests will be made, to the State officials
and county officers to use their best ef
forts to cause the arrest of any one even
suspected of forest arson. Every legis
lative candidate will be asked to do all
in his power, if elected, to provide for the
proper policing of all of the forest lands
of the State and for the punlstiment of
any one found setting fires or causing
fires by carelessness, while camping or
prospecting.
The members of the board will make it
a personal matter to have laws passed
for the preservation of California's tim
ber. Communications will be sent by the
board to all of the counties -where there
In charge, that lady stepped out.
He closed the door, at the same
time starting up the cage, intend
ing to convey Miss Lyon to the floor
above. The boy does not know Just
how the accident occurred, but he
believes Miss Lyon opened the door
after the elevator started, and in
attempting to allpht th c in porno
manner thrown under the -cage,
which had cleared the floor by near
ly three feet, and do-n the shaft,
a distance of twenty-five or thirty
feet.
The boy gave the alarm immedi
ately ... v acVerui eiaployea iueitcU
to the unfortunate lady's assist
ance. She was unconscious and
her head was covered with blood.
The ambulance was summoned and
Miss Lyon was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where her sister
soon Joined her, Drs. Weil and
lirunell examined the victim's in
juries and found she had sustained
a compound fracture of the frontal
bone, the skull being badly shat
tered from above the eye to the top
of the forehead. In addition one
of the bones of the lower right arm
was fractured and there were indi
cations of serious internal injuries.
It was apparent that Miss Lyon
had fallen head first and struck the
concrete which covers the bottom of
the shaft on her head and right
arm.
After her Injuries were dressed
she was placed in a cot in the fe
male ward. She did not regain
consciousness all the afternoon, and
the doctors are of the opinion that
her chances of recovery are exceed
ingly slender.
Mrs. Gates, the sister of the In
jured lady. and several employes of
the hotel have another theory of
the manner In which the accident
occurred. They think she left tho
elevator at the second floor and af
ter she had alighted, seeing her mis
take, attempted to re-enter it.
They think the door was not
latched, although the cage had gone
up, and that Miss Lyon unwittingly
walked into the shaft. The lady
Who rode up in the elevator wim
Miss Lyon says she left the cage
first and cannot say whether Uit
young lady followed her. Her at
tention was first attracted to the
accident by hearing Miss Lynn
scream as she plunged down th<
shaft. The elevator was then same
distance above the floor.
Is any timber asking that the people and
the pn-ss co-operate In this movement.
The members hope that by the time the
Legislature meets the subject will be so
weil understood that protective measurr-s
■will be passed and provision made for
their enforcement.
■ o ■
THE TROOPS SELECTED.
First Washington Will Be the First
of the Regiments to Go.
While no definite orders assigning the
troops to the various transports have as
yet been iscued by Major General Mer
riam, it is generally understood at de
partment headquarters that the force* to
sail upon the Senator, Valencia and Ohio
have been determined upon, and that In
ten days these vessels will have left for
Manila. The Senator is to carry the
Third Battalion of the Twenty-third In
fantry, the recruits of the Second Ore
gon Regiment and enough men of the Cal
ifornia Hea y Artillery to make up the
Senator"* qu. ta of mm) men, which is the
nunil.er allotted to the ship. The Valen
cia and th" Ohio are to take between
tlmm the First Washington Regiment
and the remainder of the California
Heavy Artillery. The departure of these
three transports will leave only the
Twentieth Kansas. Fifty-tirst low'a and
Tennessee regiments. These commands,
with General Miller and hia headquar
ters, v.ill sail just ns rapidly as the trans
ports arrive and are fitted out to make
the return trip to Manila. The Senator
will doubtless sail the first of the week
and the Valencia and possibly the Ohio
may also get away next week. General
Miller wants to sa.il on the Newport, and
this transport should be the first to Ball
after the Ohio leaves, bo that General
Miller may be able to overtake the troops
first leaving before they reach Manila.
There will be no effort made to get the
transports away as a fleet, but upon the
contrary they will be dispatched just as
rapidly as they are ready.
Most of the soldiers of the Sixth Regi
ment left 'yesterday upon their furlough
of thirty days. Only a detail for the pur
pose of guarding the regimental property
remained behind. The Seventh Regiment
will break camp at 6 o'clock to-morrow
morning and leave the Presidio for good.
The line of march will be down Van Ness
to Golden Gate avenue and thence to
Market and down Market to the ferry.
A dispatch received at department ht-ad
nuarters yesterday afternoon announced
that the companies would proceed to the
town nearest the homes of the men.
This is done for the convenience of the
soldiers, and It will also save them the
expense of transportation from Los An
geles to their homes, which in some in
stances is a considerable item.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub bathß. Salt waterdirect from ocean.
THEY WANTED TOO MUCH.
Legal Obstruction Met by the Ap
praisers of the Sutro Estate.
The accounts of Mrs. Emma Merritt, as
guardian of the late Adolph Sutro, were
settled yesterday by order of Judge Cof
fey. One Item necessary to effect a set
tlement of the account was found too
high, that of the three appraisers,
Thomas Magee, David Rich anJ Colonel
Thomas Little, who asked $250 each in
compensation for their services. Judge Cof
fey refused to allow this charge onashow
lng that only three days had been occu
pied in the appraisement. But $5 a day
is allowed by tho luw and as the court
failed to find a reason why a greater
amount should be allowed Colonel Little
and Magee waived their fees and the mat
ter of the compensation of Rich was left
open.
The appraisers, it is thought, will look
to the heirs for compensation independent
of the order of the court.
■ ■» ■
You will find the latest things in wall
paper at Clark's. 668 Market street. •
. ♦ . ;
In the Divorce Courts.
W. R. Spe nee has been granted a divorce
from Ella L. Spence on the gTound of ex
treme cruelty.
Decrees of divorce on the ground of de
sertion have been grafted Mareania Ca
bial from Joseph P. Cablal and Alice
Green from Samuel Green.
Julia Gervais Chabot has applied for a
divorce from C. Chabot, alleging cruelty
as a cause of complaint.
Suits for divorce on the ground of de
sertion have been filed by Albert Matzen
agalnßt Nellie C. Matzen, Frederick Al
brecht against Fredericka Albrecht, Mag
dalena Foley against James J. Foley and
Minnie M. Styche against Arthur J.
Styche.
"Anakeaiß" cures pllea. For free sample
ad. "Anakcßts," Tribune building. N. Y. •
MAJOR SIMPSON
BRINGS GENERAL
OTIS' REPORT
Troops May Be Kept
in the Islands.
RETURN OF THE NEWPORT
GENERAL MERRITT WAS GLAD
TO LEAVE MANILA.
Several Sick Soldiers Home Again,
but the j*tain Body Will Come
on Board the Rio
Janeiro.
The Newport, which left San Fran
cisco on June 28 with General Merritt
and staff aboard, arrived from Manila
yesterday afternoon. She left there on
September 13, via Nagasaki, but did
not call at Honolulu. The Newport car-
ried only ten passengers, among them
being Major W. A. Simpson, formerly
adjutant on the staff of General Otis,
and who is on his way to Washington;
Captain James G. Blame Jr., Lieuten
ant Conklin. Douglass White, C. C. Carl-
ton, Washington correspondent of The
Call; Pierre Boerlnger, The Call's ar
tist, who accompanied the first expedi
tion to the islands, and five or six pri
vate soldiers, viz., J. Vetenburg, Wil
liam Roe, W. S. Saylor and O. R.
Barnes, of the Twelfth Minnesota,
who has either been honorably dis
charged or granted leave by reason of
physical disability. The main body of
sick and disabled soldiers will, however,
come on the Rio Janeiro. There will be
nearly 150 of them in all, in charge of
Dr. Paywalt, and among them are a
number of Californlans, whose names
are published elsewhere. There is still
a large number of sick soldiers left in
the hospital at Manila, for it was
thought best only to remove those who
were well able to stand the long voy
age. When the Newport sailed it was
understood that the Rio Janeiro would
leave on Thursday, September 15, two
days later than the Newport, although
it was not absolutely settled that she
would sail on that date. The Rio was
to cross to Hongkong and then steam
to Nagasaki. If she sailed on the ex
.ii date she will be due in San
Francisco in about four or live dayb,
us she had orders to sail only ten knots
an hour, the same slow rate of speed
made by the Newport.
The latter vessel brought little news.
Everything In the Philippines was in
statu quo, the Americans, Spaniards
and Filipinos alike awaiting news from
the Paris commission, as well as from
the "Filipino Congress," which was
called by Aguinaldo to meet at Malo
los, just north of Manila, in October.
Rumors of a conspiracy among the
Spanish clericals were rife, and were
given some credence at the army head
quarters. It was thought that the
Spanish clerical party was endeavor
ing to create discord among the Fili
pino soldiers, already disappointed and
discontented, at not being able to enter
Manila under arms, and that General
Juan Blanco might bo incited to com
mit some overt act against the Ameri
can troops, so that active warfare
would seem to be yet in progress when
the commission met in Paris to con
sider, among other things, the disposi
tion of the Philippines. Indeed, an out
break was looked for at any tinio. On
September 12 there were repoits of
trouble in the Malate district. Troops
were hurried across the bay from Ca
vite and from other points, but upon
their arrival at Malate found every
thing qui'^t.
Major Simpson has been assigned to
duty in Washington, and carries with
him to the capital official reports from
General Otis. Thf» major politely de
clined to discuss the nature of General
Otis' report, but it is generally under
stood to contain nothing of importance,
it being merely a report of the condi
tion of the various troops; but from the
fact that most, if not all, of the trans
ports have either returned or will in
the near future, it would seem to be the
plan to kef-p the troops in the Islands
for an indefinite period. Nothing posi
tive will be known concerning the dis
position of the island troops, however,
unttl after the conclusion of the Paris
conference.
-Captain Blalne did not have long to
remain in the islands. He went over on
the St. Paul, one of the last vessels to
arrive at Manila, and had hardly a
chance to look around before he was
ordered to return. He is on his way to
Washington.
Mr. Carlton, Washington correspond
ent of The Call, realizing that the dis
position of the Philippines would be one
<>f the most important matters dis
cussed in Washington at this winter's
session, especially when the Senate is
called upon to ratify the treaty of peace,
made a trip to Manila, going via the
Suez canal.
"In Hongkong I had the pleasure of
meeting General Merritt, who was en
route to Paris," said he to a Call rep
resentative last night. "I think he
was very glad to leave Manila. He did
not find it a desirable place even for
temporary residence. I was one of a
small party congregated in the Hong
kong Hotel, where General Merritt was
stopping. Some one put this very
frank, although abrupt, question to
him:
" 'General, what shall we do with "the
Philippines?'
" 'How are we going to get rid of
them?" he asked in return.
"This was considered by all of those
present as quite significant of General
Merritt's attitude with respect to the
islands before the commission at Paris,
and it was thought, too — and very rea
sonably — that General Merritt's advice
might be a very considerable factor in
shaping the policy of the administra
tion. As for my own personal views
as to our retention or rejection of the
islands, I will not intrude them upon
the public, for I do not believe any one
would be interested in knowing.
"As for the situation m the islands
when we left Manila, The Call's read
ers may find it fully reported in a let
ter from Mr. Sheridan, correspondent
at Manila.
"At Nagasaki we saw the Zealandia,
which, as you have doubtless been told
by the China's passengers, was caught
in a typhoon off the island of Formosa.
Her repairs were nearly completed and
her captain thought that possibly she
might be ready to sail on Sunday, fol
lowing the Newport's departure. This
would be five days later.
"Doubtless you have heard of the
suicide of Chaplain Freeman of the
Baltimore. He was on the Zealandia,
bound for Yokohama, where he was to
meet his wife, after a long absence
from her. According to the Zealan
dia's officers and passengers, the chap
lain was a man of delicate physique
and nervous temperament. He was
moody and subject to fits of melan
choly. When he spoke, which was at
rare intervals, it was of his wife and
of his home at Loganeport, Indiana,
His companions on the boat attributed
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DEPARTMENT !
Our FALL IMPORTATION of NEW
CLOTHS is now complete, and we call
particular attention to the following lines,
which are exceedingly good value.
52-INCH FRENCH AMAZON <gO JTA
CLOTH %p£fO\J Yard.
52-INCH FRENCH BROAD- CM 7K
CLOTH tplmlD Yard.
54-INCH ENGLISH MELTON <g >J OC v
CLOTH <pL*£D Yard.
54-INCH ENGLISH LEATHER <g>j AfJ
CLOTH ipI.UU Yard.
54-INCH AMERICAN LADIES' 7^
CLOTH ■ Yard.
AH of tfje above cloths we are showing In the very latest
SHADES AND MIXTURES.
We also have a splendid assortmeot of ENGLISH COV-
ERT CLOTHS AND VENETIANS; GOLF, KERSEY fIND
BOURETTE CLOAKINGS, and a complete assortment of
27-INCH ENGLISH CORDUROYS.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT.
We have received this week a full line of NEW
GOODS for this department, Including PLAIN AND
PRINTED ART DENIMS, PLAIN AND PRINTED ART
TICKINGS, HUNGARIAN CLOTHS, DRAPERY SATEENS,
DRAPERY SILKS, TAPESTRIES AND PLAIN AND
PRINTED SILKOLINES.
THU-iEJiFPIOirE] CKR,A.:NrT IS4.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
his melancholy condition to a plain
case of home sickness, while the ship's
surgeon pronounced it, in more techni
cal language, 'nostalgia.' The chap
lain's actions were so eccentric finally
that a board was appointed to inquire
into his physical and mental condition.
As a consequence, he was placed un
der strict surveillance, while not toeing
actually restrained. The Zealandia
had been in the port of Nagasaki for
several days, when one morning a sea
man discovered Chaplain Freeman
standing at the taffrail with a number
of sounding leads tied to his waist.
" 'Send this letter to my wife!' he
shouted, at the same time leaping over
the rail before the sailor could reach
him. His body sank immediately and
was seen no more until it was recov
ered by grapling hooks several hours
later. The body was shipped to his
wife, who was waiting for him at Yo
kohama."
The Newport's voyage back was
without incident with the exception of
some heavy weather and rough 3eas
encountered after leaving the coast of
Japan. ________ — —
A NINETY-EIGHT DINNER.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson and the
King's Daughters Now Making
Ready.
The Rev. John A. H. Wilson of tho
Howard-street Methodist Church, with
the King's Daughters of his congrega
tion, has mapped out a plan for giving
to the poor of the city, irrespective of
sect, a Thanksgiving dinner this year
on a new idea.
Instead of drawing together those who
are in need of a good dinner on this
day, it is the Intention of the people of
the 'Howard-street church, provided the
funds Justify it, to provide a family din
ner for such of those in need, the meals
to be carried in baskets to their
homes. The Daughters have made a
hasty canvass of such families as are
now in the city, and have found as many
as 500. Of course there will be more be
tween now and Thanksgiving day. But
this makes no difference, all will he
looked after without partiality if the
funds collected be sufficient.
Added to this tne pastor and his cneer
ers have another innovation for a
Thanksgiving dinner to young men who
are scattered about the city in lodging,
houses far away from their homes. To
these it is proposed to sell tickets at 25
cents which will admit the holder to the
dinner table, and no questions asked or
obligations exchanged. At this table a
first-class Thanksgiving dinner will be
served — as good, if not better, than at
any first-class restaurant in the city. In
thfs way merchants and others can aid
a worthy person, man or woman, by pre
senting him or her with a dinner ticket.
at the same time relieving the holder ol
the embarrassment of being looked upon
as eating at the table of charity.
DONNED MALE ATTIRE.
Mrs. Esther B. Carter of Oregon Ar-
rested in Chinatown.
Mrs. Esther li. Carter appeared in
Judge Joaehimsen's court yesterday to
answer to a charge of masquerading in
male attire. She pleaded guilty and the
Judge allowed her to go on her own recog
nizance for thirty days.
Mrs Carter, her husband and two
children reside on a ranch in Oregon
They came to the city a few days ago
and are stopping at the New Western
Hotel. Monday night her husband sug
gested they should take in the sights in
Chinatown, but advised her to don male
attire as it would In his opinion be safer.
They were walking on \V ash ngton
street when Policemen Meredith and Th>
lor'H attention was attracted to them, and
thov interrogated Mrs. C oxter. She ad
mitted her sex and was placed under ar
rest. Her husband put up SCO bail and
she "was relens. d.
Miss Heyman's Recital.
The initial recital of Miss Katherlne
Ruth Heyman at Sherman & Clay Hall,
after her seven years' absence studying
in Europe, was a marked BueceßU, her ex
ecution and technique showing her to be
an artiste of high m^rlt. Her touch has
much of the masculine, showing perfect
control with strength beyond that ex
pected in a lady. In. Brahms' Sonata
pp. C, her rendition was' perfect, espe
cially noticeable in the intermezzo, whore
the softer tones gave full play to ex
pression and feeling. The programme
of the evening was selected from
numbers that gave wide range of expres
sion, and closed with Liszt's Rhapsodle
XIV, the rendition of which gave full
scope to her powers of execution.
Held for Arson.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Margaret Shields and Henry Beacom on
the charge of arson in connection with
the fire in Mrs. Shields' house on Virginia
avenue was concluded before Judge Mo
gan yesterday afternoon. The Judge held
the defendants to answer before the Su
perior Court, Beaeom in $4000 bonds and
Mrs. Shields in $2000 bonds.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
D. APPLETON AND COMPANY'S
NEW BOOKS.
A Herald of the West.
A Romance of 1812. By J. A. Altsheler,
author of "A Soldier of Manhattan"
and "The Sun of Saratoga." 12mo.
Cloth, $150.
The author's brilliant success In this country
and in England as a writer of American his-
torical romances will direct especial attention
to his new book, which embodies his most am-
bitious work. He opens with some Interesting
pictures of social life and political conditions
In Washington Just before the war of ISI2, and
later the reader gains an insight into the con-
temporary life of Philadelphia, New York and
Boston. The passages dealing with the war it-
! self Include singularly vivid and dramatic ac-
! counts of the capture of Washington by the
British, and the battle of New Orleans, both
noteworthy contributions to American litera-
ture.
The American Revolution,
1763-1783.
Being the Chapters and Passages relat-
ing to America from the author's
"History of England in the Eight-
eenth Century." By William Ed-
ward Hartpole Lecky, M. P., author
of "The History of European Mor-
als," "Democracy and Liberty,"
"Rationalism in Europe," etc. Ar-
ranged and edited, with Historical
and Biogrophical Notes, by James
Albert Woodburn, Professor of
American History and Politics in
Indiana University. 12mo. Cloth,
$125.
The Widower.
By W. E. Norris. author of "Mariet-
ta's Marriage," "The Dancer in Yel-
low," "A Victim of Good Luck,"
etc. 12mo. Paper, 50 cents; cloth,
$1. No. 250, Appletons' Town and
Country Library.
Philip's Experiments; or,
Physical Science at Home.
By John Trowbridge, author of "What
Is Electricty?" Illustrated. 12mo.
Cloth, $1.
The writer's object In this book is to show
that a little of the time that a youth has out-
side of the schoolroom may, if devoted to sim-
ple investigations under proper guidance pro-
duce important and far-reaching results of per-
manent educational value. Interest In Nature
and science may be aroused in walks with an
Interesting companion. "Philip's Experi-
ments" will show how much a parent can ac-
complish in the formation of a eon's tastes
with a little wisely directed effort.
These books are for sale by all booksellers; or
they will be sent by mall on receipt of prices
by the publishers,
D. APPLETON AND COMPANY,
72 Fifth, Avenue, JNe\r Yorfc* %'-.