VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 4«.
SANTIAGO NOT YET IN
UNCLE SAM'S POSSESSION
HITCH IN THE . . I
NEGOTIATIONS
pOR^ SURRENDER
Spaniards Now Demand to Be Per
mitted to Retain fill Their
Weapons.
But the Dons (3re Informed That They Must Yield
at Once or the flrmy arjd Navy Will f^e
new the Bombardment.
NEW YORK, July 16. — The correspondent of the Herald at Washington telegraphs
as follows early this (Saturday) morning: An assault upon Santiago may yet be necessary
to secure the fall of that city. The terms of surrender have not yet been fully agreed upon.
At i o'clock this morning, as Secretary Alger was leaving the White House in company
with Secretary Bliss and Postmaster General Smith, he said he was authorized by the Pres
ident to thus state the situation:
"The Spanish general does not want to lay down his arms. He desires to carry them
back to Spain with the troops. This proposition has been positively and emphatically re
fused. General Toral must surrender on our own terms. Otherwise the city will be attacked
from land and sea and occupied by American troops."
Thus it appears that the question of allowing the Spanish troops to take their arms
back to Spain is the one point standing between the peaceable or forcible taking of San
tiago.
One of the members of the Cabinet with .whom I have just talked expressed the
opinion that when General Toral received our ultimatum he would yield.
Another expressed doubt, and suggested that General Toral's negotiations for peace
were solely for the purpose of delay to enable him to strengthen his position by reinforce
ments from other points in the Santiago district.
"As diplomatists," this Cabinet officer remarked, "the Spaniards can beat us, and it
looks a little as if General Toral, realizing his inability to cope with General Shafter on the
field of battle, had resorted to trickery in the hope of rinding some escape from the diffi
cult position in which he is placed."
SPANIARDS MUST
SURRENDER OR FIGHT
WASHINGTON, July 16.— Dispatches
received at the War Department from
General Shafter late last night con
tained the disappointing news that the
arrangements of the Spanish and
American commissioners for the sur
render of Santiago had come to a stand
still through the insistence of the Span
lards that they be allowed to retain
their arms.
Orders were telegraphed to General
Shafter not to grant any concessions
beyond those agreed to In the first In-
stance — transportation of conquered
army to a Spanish port. The instruc
tions sent to General Shafter were em
phatic and Imperative.
After an extended conference with
the President last night at which three
other members of the Cabinet were
present Secretary Alger was asked if it
was not the expectation that when it
was known that no otner terms would
be granted the surrender would take
place and replied that such was the
case. In any event no other concession
■would be afforded by this Government.
It was nearly 1 o'clock when the con
ference at the White House adjourned.
Besides Secretary Alger there were
present Secretaries Bliss and Wilson
and Postmaster General Emery Smith.
Adjutant General Corbln was present
during the last hour of the conference.
General Shafter will be immediately
instructed to carry out the determina
tion of the President, with whom the
matter has been thoroughly discussed.
Secretary Alger did not say how much
time would be allowed the enemy to
reach a conclusion, but it is known
thnt the administration will make it
very short and submit to no further
parley with General Toral.
The next move Is surrender upon the
terms which the United States Gov
ernment proprrses or immediate attack
upon the Spanish forces by the army
and navy.
ANXIOUS WAITING
AT WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, July 15.— There was
a long and anxious wait to-day to hear
further news from the Commissioners
who had been charged to make ar
rangements for the surrender of the
Spanish army at Santiago. For eight
een hours no word came from either
General Shafter or General Miles, al
though there was the keenest desire on
the part of th<> President and the Cab
inet officers to learn what was to be
done and whether the actual surrend
ering Of Santlagq and the Spanish
troop* had been carried out.
When the Cabinet met at 11 o'clock
there was nothing from the front
which would serve as a guide for the
deliberations. It was thought that thy
The San Francisco Call
cable had been Interrupted, but In- I
quiry of General Greely, chief signal j
officer, eavo assurance that the cable i
was Jntact. Thereupon Secretary Al
ger pent a dispatch asking for the sit
uation up to the latest moment and
particularly inquiring as to how far
the surrender had proceeded. No an
swer came while the Cabinet was in
session.
In the meantime, General Greely
had cabled, and he was the first to
hear from the front. A dispatch from I
Lieutenant Jones, military censor at j
Playa del Este, reported that the mes
sage from the Secretary of War to
General Shafter was only six minutes
in passing from Washington to Playa
del Este. The message received by
General Greely came at 2:23 p. m. and
indicated that negotiations were still
in progress, but as the dispatch was
submitted to the President no details
were given o.ut.
Toward the middle of the afternoon
uispatches from General Shafter and
General Miles began to arrive. In re
sponse to Secretary Alger's dispatch.
They were not given out in full, but
such portions as were made public
showed that the negotiations were still
in progress and that the Spaniards had
raised some rather unexpected ques
tions. Most important of these was an.
insistence that the Spanish troops
should retain their arms when they re
turned to Spain. There was an entire
willingness on the part of General
Toral to turn over the arms to General
Shafter at the time of the surrender,
but with this was to bo the understand
ing that tho arms were to be restored
to the Spanish troops when Spanish
soil was reached. This was a condition
which had not be^ri anticipated. The
authoritios here did not regard it as
serious or as likely to overcome a final
settlement, as It was attributed to the
Spanish sensitiveness against the hu
miliation Involved in the laying down
of their arms. One of these dispatches,
after specifying that this difference had
arisen, added that a settlement would
be reached before the day closed. Gen
eral Shafter himself summed up the
situation by saying: "It cannot be pos
sible that there will be a failure in com
pleting arrangements."
Here are the official telegrams from
the front:
"PLAYA. Balquiri. July 15.—Secre
tary of War. Washington: Commis
sion on behalf of the United States was
appointed, consisting of Generals
Wheeler and Lawton and Lieutenant
Miley, to act with Spanish commission
to arrange the details for carrying into
effect the capitulation. I will reach
Slboney to-morrow. MILES."
The second dispatch Is signed by
Jones, a signal officer in charge of the
terminus of the military line at Playa,
and is as follows:
"PLAYA, July 16.— The commission
appointed to arrange the details of the
surrender held a meeting yesterday
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
lasting until a late hour. They met
agaii. this morning at 9:30 o'clock, and
It is supposed the terms will be settled
to-day."
"HEADQUARTERS. SANTIAGO
(via Playa), July 15.— Adjutant Gen
eral, Washington: Sent you several
telegrams yesterday as did General
Miles, in regard to the surrender. Gen
eral Toral agreed yesterday positively
to surrender all the forces under his
command in Eastern Cuba upon a dis
tinct understanding that they were
to be sent to Spain by the United
States; this surrender was authorized
by General Blanco, and it was agreed
that its submission to-morrow was
merely formal. The commissioners to
arrange details were appointed —
Wheeler. Lawton and Miley on the part
of the United States. Points were im
mediately raised by tho Spanish com
missioners. The discussion lasted un
til 10 o'dmjk last nicht. My commis
sioners think the matter will be set
tled to-day and met at 10:30 o'clock this
morning. There are about 12,000 troops
in the city and about as many more In,
the surrounding districts. Twenty-five
thousand in all will be transported.
General Miles was present, and said
the surrender was as absolute and
complete as possible. It cannot be pos
sible that there will be failure In com
pleting arrangements.
"Water famine in the city is immi
nent. Have the supply cut. This was
told Lieutenant Miley by the English
commissioner. Will wire frequently
when conditions are progressing.
"SHAFTER,
"Major General Commanding."
SUBORDINATE OFFICERS
PREVENT CAPITULATION
NEW YORK. July 15.— The Tribune's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
General Toral is ready and able to sur
render the city of Santiago and the
forces immediately under his command
at that point, but in his corps there are
between 8000 and 10,000 men, under regi
mental officers, constituting the garri
sons of Guantanarr.o, Baracoa and
other places, which seem to be in open
rebellion against the Spanish general.
They have appealed to Madrid, declar
ing they will not passively lay down
their arms, but will fight to the last.
From the failure of Admiral Sampson
to send any of his ships into the har
bor, the authorities here fear that the
garrisons of some of the harbor forti
fications are among the recalcitrants.
General Blanco is known to be encour
aging rebellious colonels to resist, since
tie learned that yellow fever had broken
out among the American troops.
TRANSPORTATION IS
A DEEP PROBLEM
NEW YORK, July 15.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: How
the Spanish army Is to be sent back
HEADED FOR HAWAII fIND THE PHILIPPINES.
Out Through the Golden Gate Yesterday Sailed tr;e Fourth Expedition, Composed of the Peru
and City of Puebla, Laden With Land Forces to Co-operate Witb Rear Admiral Dewey
at Manila. The Peru Carries Major General Otis, Who Will Probably Give the Troops
a Stay at HoOol ulu During the Flag-Raising Ceremonies.
to Spain has proved to be a serious
problem to the administration. It has
to-day been the chief matter under
consideration. It has brought together
at intervals for conferences the offi
cials of the various departments,
among them Mr. Meiklejohn, Assist
ant Secretary of War; Secretary Alger,
Surgeon General Sternberg, Commis
sary General Eagan, Adjutant General
Corbin and Colonel H. J. Heckner,
Chief of the Bureau of Transportation.
President McKinley has been kept
Informed of these conferences.
"Such a thing," said an army officer,
In the War Department to me to-day,
"has hitherto been unheard of in mili
tary annals, and while the new situa
tion is curiously interesting, it is never
theless perplexing^ Health, food and
means of transportation have been the
chief points of consideration, and the
safety of American seamen and Amer
lean ships has not been neglected. For
example, Colonel Heckner has advised,
I am told on excellent authority, that
American bottoms be not considered.
This suggestion nearly prevailed, and
in the proposals for bids only neutral
bottoms will probably be considered.
For it is frankly admitted at the de
partment that American transports
would require convoys. It is suggest
ed that neutral bottoms would have a
right to put these prisoners off at any
port In Spain. Another point consid
ered was as to who should feed the
men. It was at first suggested that
this contract should be turned over to
steamship companies, but it was de
cided that no risks should be taken of
having the prisoners half- fed; that it
would not be worthy of this nation,
and that this Government must under
take the problem of rations."
The printed formula of a "Cuban ra
tion" is upon the desks of those in
charge of this matter, and the calcu
lation now is to furnish to the commis
sary of each transport rations for 800
daily for fifteen days. This is the basis
of the food solution.
NO ENGLISH GUNNERS
IN DEWEY'S SQUADRON
Captain Crowninshield Ridicules
Cunningham Graham's
Allegation.
NEW YORK. July 13.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Indignant de
nial is made by naval authorities of Cun
ningham Graham's allegation that Eng
lish gunners on men-of-war of the Asi
atic squadron were responsible for the
victory of Manila. Captain A. S. Crown
inshield, chief of the Bureau of Naviga
tion, told me' to-day that, in the first
place, no commander-in-chief nor any
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
other officer of the navy had at his dis
position funds which would enable him
to pay men to desert from foreign men
of-war and enter into the American serv
"The report is ridiculous," continued
Captain Crowninshield. "Rear Admiral
Dewey's men were enlisted by him In the
United States, and the muster rolls fail
to show that he has made any enlist*
ments on the Asiatic station. The rneO
attached to his squadron were practl*
cally aw American citizens. They werft
trained gunners, because they had de
voted much of their time to target prac
tice, and they fought so well because they
had plenty of American grit."
Velasouez Takes the Eclipse.
LONDON 'uly 15.— Lord Rosebery's 4
ycar-old bay colt Velasquez won the
Eclipse stakes of 1000 sovereigns at the
Sandown Park summer meeting to-rlay.
The Duke of Westminster's Batt was sec
ond and Leopold do Rothschild's Goletta
third. Among the starters was James R.
Keene's St. Cloud 11. The Cobham plate
of 200 sovereigns was won by Sir Ernest
Paget's Kenwyn. The Lorlllard-Berea
ford's Belisma was third.2
CAPTAIN-GENERAL
BLANCO OPPOSES
GIVING UP CUBA
Prefers Waging Incessant War
fare to the Surrender of the
Invaded Territory.
Bpe'-!:\1 roble to Tht> Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, July 15.— Ramon Blanco,
Captain-GeneraJ of Cuba, to-day de
clared that if he could prevent it there
would be n<> peace between the United
States and Spain on a basis of Cuba
passing from Spanish control, and that
he favored waging incessant warfare
against the United States.
Owing to General Blanco's great In
fluence with the present powers in
Spain, his firm determination not to
encourage peace proposals contemplat
ing Cuban independence is of much im
portance. When I solicited an inter
view with him Governor-General
Blanco said he would talk to the Her
ald with pleasure. He received me in
ofllee in the palacr and was
emphatic in all his statements.
"It has been reported in the United
States, general," 1 said, "that you are
opposed to peace. Is that true?"
Genera] Blanco paused a moment be
fore answering my question. Cool, de
termined and energetic, he presently
said: "Yes, it is true that I am not in
favor of any effort looking toward
rfeare. That Is a matter not within my
domain, however, and it is only for the
Government of her Majesty and the
Cortes of the kingdom to settle."
"Hut you have your own personal
views?" I persisted.
"For my own part," Cantain-General
Blanco continued with evident Interest,
MERRITT GIVES
HURRY ORDERS
No Time Is Wasted at
Honolulu.
LUNCH OF TROOPS CUT SHORT
NEWPORT GOES AHEAD OF HER
CONSORTS.
Other Vessels of the Fleet Compelled
to Return Until a Leaky Boiler
of the Indiana Is
Repaired.
HONOLULU, July B.— Both the Va
lencia and the Newport reached here
• aiiy yesterday morning from Sari
Francisco. The Valencia arrived first.
. ed closely by the Newport. There
.; slight accident to the machinery
of the latter on the way down, as a
result of which she was hove to for
seven hours. As soon as she arrived it
was given out that she would coal as
fast as possible and hurry on to Manila,
without regard to the other vessels of
the expedition in port.
The men on both vessels were allowed
shore leave and were marched to the
executive building, where they were
furnished a lunch by the people of
Honolulu. While they were eating or
ders were issued by General Merritt
for all the men to be on board re
spective ships at 3 o'clock and each
Fhip was ordered to get under way as
Boon as possible for Manila. The City
of Para and the Ohio were ordered to
anchor outside as soon as possible and
to sail as' soon as it was known that all
the men were on board. Coaling on the
Morgan City, Valencia and Indiana was
rushed as much as possible.
At 5:30 this morning the Indiana drew
anchor and moved outside the harbor.
She was followed closely by the Ohio
and the Morgan City. At 9:30 the City
of Para moved outside and joined the
fleet. Just before noon the Valencia
and Newport, the latter with General
Merritt and staff on board, left the
harbor, the signal to sail was given and
the vessels moved off.
All the troops were cheered on leav
ing port. The regimental bands on
board were playing and cheers were
given for Honolulu. The whistles of
the monitor Monadnock and island
steamers saluted as they passed by.
Before dark a telephone message
from the lookout station conveyed the
information that five of the transports
were returning to port. When the ves
sels arrived off port several officers of
the Indiana, the flagship, came ashore
and reported that a boiler had sprung
a leak. The chief engineer said that
repairs could be effected in twelve
hours, so the fleet, with the expection
of the Newport, which went on ahead,
will make another start early to-mor
row morning.
General Merritt made arrangements
to-day to have a military hospital in
this city. Ha secured the premises
known as Independence Park. The
property will be altered and fitted up
at once. An army surgeon and a staff
of stewards and hospital corps will ar
rive by the earliest steamer possible to
MILES WILL HURRY THE
TROOPS TO PORTO RICO
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
WITH THE ARMY BEFORE SANTIAGO, July
14, by The Call-Herald dispatch-boat Somers N. Smith to
Port Antonio, Jamaica, July 15. — Before the surrender
General Miles had been acting as adviser, but General Shaf
ter conducted the negotiations. General Miles is inclined
to hurry the occupation of the city under any honorable
conditions. He wishes the harbor for the purpose of re
embarking the troops at once to Porto Rico.
I regret to add that Major General Chaffee, whose in
telligence and personal courage have distinguished him re
peatedly in the campaign, has been conveyed to the hospi
tal suffering from dysentery. General Wheeler, on the con
trary, has fully recovered his health and is actively in com
mand. RICHARD HARDING DAVIS.
"I shall always oppose all negotiations
for peace which have not as their foun
dation the acknowledgment of Spanish
sovereignty in Cuba. This sovereignty
has been universally recognized, and it
has been disputed by no one since the
discovery of the island."
"What, in your opinion, are the
prospects of peace between the United
States and Snain on some amicable
basis?"
"I have heard no one speak in favor
of peace," General Blanco replied with
great energy, "with the country which,
in return for all it owes to the United
States, goes to the extreme point of
believing us to be intentional authors
of the explosion of the Maine and that
declares we are not capable of guaran
teeing the safety of foreign vessels in
our harbors, and which, against reason
and without any other right than that
of mere strength, attempts to take
away from us territory that has be
longed to Spain absolutely for 400
years and which forms an integral
part of the Spanish monarchy.
"I am only sorry." the general con
tinued, "that I am not young enough to
give my entire life and all my facul
ties to fighting incessantly and with
out rest against that nation whose only
idea has been to damage and calum
niate my country, which I love de
votedly."
General Blanco rose from his seat
as he pronounced these words of un
dying hatred for the United States. His
voice was stern and his energy was like
that of a young man he wished himself
to be.
take charge. This Is said to be the first
military Hospital established by the
United States outside of the bounds of
the country-
THE TRIP TO HONOLULU
ON BOARD THE INDIANA
ON BOARD FLAGSHIP INDIANA.
THIRD MANILA BXPEDITION, AT
HONOLULU, July 6.— The third Manila
expedition, with the exception of the Va
lencia and the Newport, which are ex
pected to-day, has reached the first sta
tion on their long trans-Pacific voyage.
As we passed out through the Golden
Gate, far up on the heights of the Pre
sidio a h. liograph flashed "Good-by and
God bless you." That was the last link
that connected us with home and friends; i
all partings were at an end. The fleet
went courtesying out to sea, and the ;
third Manila expedition was on the broad
waters of the Pacific, on its race of 8000
miles. At 8 o'clock the Farallon Islands
were on the beam, and nearly all of us
were over the rail, bidding a reluctant
farewell to the good things the Red
Cross Society had furnished us the day
previous. Night shut in with the trade
winds blowing heavy seas over the lar
board side, drenching the decks and roll
ing the ship about much after the fashion
of a signal flag in action.
The second day out it was discovered
that the coal on the Indiana was poor and
the fireman inexperienced, which meant
a slow voyage. By the aid of the signal
corps, the Ohio, City of J'ara and Mor
gan City were signaled to proceed to
Honolulu by their own route with all the
speed possible, and then began a race with
the Ohio in the lead, the City of Para
second, Indiana third and Morg;tn City ;
"also ran," and thus they finished.
The cooking apparatus of the ship was
constructed to cook for about 4uo people, ,
and with 1200 people aboard it took some '■
very fine engineering to cook for them !
all; and let me say. right here, that th<-lr i
attempt was a failure. Our bill of fare j
averaged up about as follows:
Breakfast— Black coffee (an unadulterated
abomination); bosom of female swine (very
fat) ; boiled potatoes.
Dinner— mark coffee; roast or boiled meat (a
la touKh) ; potatoes boiled.
Supper— Black coffee; hardtack.
The ship's crew was made up mostly of
Englishmen with a decidedly cockney ac
cent, who were about as stingy with their
courtesy as they are with their h's and
| final g's. However, they made a pretty
good "rake-off" from the soldiers by sell
ins sandwiches, pies, coffee and fruit.
| From one of them I learned that they had
i had a fight over the division of, the pro- i
I ceeds and that the cook had narrowly '
! escaped having his throat cut. The com
missary department also opened up a
store and sold the boys canned fruit and
other luxuries at wholesale prices. Fully I
I $2000 was spent by the recruits for neces-
I sities. I think it, will be advisable for
j those who follow us to bring a small sup
j ply of potted ham and canned stuff that
! will keep and avoid paying the stewards
of the boats outrageous, prices.
The Fourth of July was a beautiful day
| and we celebrated it in a grand manner,
considering the fact that we were in mid
ocean. The officers and "non-coms" were
gathered on the hurricane deck at 11
o'clock a. m. with the enlisted men in the
forecastle, and the following programme
was rendered:
"Columbia," Twenty-third Infantry Band.
Heading of Declaration of Independence,
Major Kellehar.
"Star-spanplpd Tanner," Twenty-third Infan
try Band and chorus. . . >j .,,. j A a
. Oration, Majoi i- rd.
Battle Hymn of the Republic, Twenty-third
Infantry Band and chorus.
Never was a Fourth of July celebrated
with deeper enthusiasm than by our men,
: standing out on the decks with their
| heads bared to the tropical sun, while the
ship plowed through the blue waters of
the Pacific on a mission which, perhaps
means the freedom of thirty millions of
people.
"We arrived at Honolulu at 2 o'clock this
morning and will be here about three !
days. The city Is a veritable paradise
! decorated with red, white and blue and
! flags, suggestive of having on© star too
I many on them.
The islands have received the Invaders
■ much as the prodigal son was received.
i The fatted calf is none too good for them;
in truth, most everything in town is free
to the boys in blue.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
AMERICAN TROOPS
WANTED TO AVENGE
FALLEN COMRADES
Before Negotiations Commenced
the Number in Killed, Wounded
and Missing Was 2060.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
WITH THE AMERICAN ARMY
BEFORE SANTIAGO, July 14, by The
Call-Herald Dispatch Boat Somers N.
Smith to Port Antonio, Jamaica, July
15. — As a result of a conference which
lasted from half-past 2 to 5 o'clock this
afternoon, Santiago and much of the
provinces have become American pos
sessions. This news, although it had
been confidently expected by Ameri
cans, caused tremendous enthusiasm.
Cheer after cheer went up along the
lines, and the American troops were
completely happy over this early end
ing of the Santiago campaign.
As The Call-Herald dispatch boat
Somers N. Smith was returning to the
fleet off Aguadores just at dusk the
men on the fleet were making a great
demonstration. The Smith spoke the
flagship, asking what had happened,
"Enemy has surrendered; that is
all," came back the reply from the flag
ship.
Santiago's fall and the passage of the
eastern part of the province into the
hands of the United States was con
summated at a conference this after
noon. Representing the United States
in the gathering, with full power to act,
were General Wheeler and General
Lawton. Lieutenant Miley was made
recorder and Lieutenant Mistre inter
preter. The Americans met General
Toral under a big tree standing be
tween San Juan Hill and Santiago,
about midway between the American
and Spanish trenches. Much time was
spent in discussing the details of the
surrender, and Generals Wheeler and
Lawton came to an understanding
with General Toral at 5 o'clock, and the
surrender of the beleaguered city and
adjacent territory became an accom
plished fact.
liere are the terms of surrender
agreed upon at the conference:
Spain abandons the city of Santiago
and all of the province of Santiago
east of Aserradero on the south and
Sagua on the north. All Spanish
troops are to be taken to Spain by the
United States Government. These
troops number 20,000 men, half of whom
are in~the city of Santiago.
The United States takes all the ene
my's forts and guns, the Spanish offi
cers being allowed to keep their side
arms. The American troops will not
enter the city until after the Spaniards
have embarked. Guards from the
American forces will be stationed
around the city. Members of the Red
Cp->9s will enter the city at once and
refugees will return to their homes to
morrow morning.
While the Spanish troops are prepar
ing t<» embark American and Cuban
sentinels are to keep out stragglers and
marauders and the Spanish are to po
lice the city.
The news that an agreement had been
reached traveled fast from the big tree
in the valley. There were cheers on
both sides when it was known definitely
that the matter had been settled. The
fact that General Toral agreed to sur
render was signaied to Admiral Samp
DIRE FEAR AT
SPANISH PORTS
Expecting a Visit From
Watson.
PANIC SEIZES THE PEOPLE
BANKS REMOVING SPECIE TO
THE COUNTRY.
Merchants Are Sending Their Goods
to Places of Safety and Many
Foreign Residents Axe
Leaving.
Special Dispatch to The Coll.
LONDON, July 15.— 1t is announced
In a special dispatch from Barcelona
to-day that the inhabitants of that city
are panic-stricken. They believe the
Americans will select defenseless Bar
celona as the first point to bombard.
The local banks are removing their
specie to t'.in- country, the merchants
are sending their goods to places of
safety and many French are leaving.
The Governor of Barcelona has inform
ed the people that they cannot expect
help from the Government.
The Gibraltar correspondent of the
Daily News says: A naval battle off
the Spanish coast is considered immi
nent. The suspension of the constitu
tional guarantees is a symptom of the
distracted condition <>f Spain. The na
tion wants peace; the army wants a
victory. Spain cannot continue to strug
gle, yet peace will be the signal for
revolution, and the European interven
tion formerly desired is now dreaded.
The Government, through El Epoca,
advircates direct negotiations with the
United States. The military press in
dignantly characterizes peace as trea
son. Wealthy families are deserting
Cadiz, Seville and Malaga. Supplies
are shipped from here to the American
Consul at Tangier.
CADIZ, July 15.— There is great ex
citement here, owing to the expected
coming of Commodore Watson's squad
ron. Many are leaving. The mail
steamer plying between this port and
Tangier will cease to run next week.
NEW YORK, July 15.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Ten
colliers will be assembled by tu--mor
row afternoon at Hampton Roads, from
which will be selected the vessels that
•will aid Commodore Watson's fleet in
its operations against Spain. I learned
to-day that arrangements have been
perfected by the Government with
Commodore Watson whereby in case
the colliers should not arrive at the
appointed rendezvous at the same time
as the battle-ships and cruisers Com
modore Watson is to divide his squad
ron, leaving an adequate force behind
to thoroughly protect the colliers from
the enemy's fleet in case they should
fall in with it. The adoption of this
plan will naturally cause an increase
of the squadron, and the authorities
are therefore carefully considering this
matter.
Reports received from the fleet show
son, whose flagship was lying off Agua
dores. <
Many of the American troops ex
pressed disappointment that they had
not had an opportunity to take the city
by assault. The latest reports showed
there were 2060 Americans killed,
wounded or missing in the fighting
about Santiago. This loss was much
greater than had been expected, and
the authorities in Washington, hoping
to avert the loss of life as much as pos
sible, instructed General Miles to take
any honorable steps to terminate tht
siege without further fighting, provided
the city would be surrendered by the
Spanish. General Toral attempted to
get better terms for the Spaniards, but
the American generals reminded him
that his position was hopeless and that
he must agree to give up the city at
once or prepare to resist an immediate
assault by an overwhelming force and
bombardment by the entire American
licet. He was reminded that all of Ad
miral Sampson's vessels were in a po
sition to bombard and that gunners
were ready to fire the moment the sig
nal was given.
The Archbishop of Santiago, I am
told, had much to do with bringing
about the surrender of the city. He
had persistently objected to deferring
the surrender until sickness might dec
imate our army.
General Miles, General Shatter, Ad
miral Sampson and all of the high offi
cers in both the American army and
navy feel great relief now that the
campaign practically has ended. Ow
ing to the marked increase of sickness
and the impossibility of transporting
an adequate supply of food over the
roads now made worse by the heavy
rains of the last few days, American
officers welcome the new opportunities
which Santiago's surrender presents.
General Miles, I learn to-night, will
leave for Guantanamo in the morning
on the Yale. He is likely to go to Porto
Rico at once, study the coast and find
a suitable landing place for troops.
This done General Miles will be free
to complete his plans for invasion
while the troops are being transported.
It is the plan to have the American
troops now in this vicinity leave as
soon as possible. Twenty-seven regi
ments, it has been decided, shall go to
Porto Rico at once. Only a force suf
ficiently large to hold Santiago will be
left here.
A hospital capable of accommodat
ing 2000 persons will be established in
the hills near Santiago immediately.
Despite the great mortality and suffer
ing in the city, it is believed that the
American troops for Porto Rico can be
placed on board the transports in San
tiago harbor. The work of removing
the mines from the harbor will he
gin at once. It is feared the Spaniards
will resort to lawlessness and will at
tempt to pillage the city before leaving.
In that event General Shafter will send
a sufficient force into the city to restore
order.
General Miles and the members of his
staff have refused to talk with per
sons from Siboney who have not been
fumigated, so bad are the sanitary con
ditions there.
At the front matters are becoming
more threatening all the time, the
heavy rains having exposed the bodies
burled in the shallow graves and pol
luted the streams.
that the lowa is very foul, and this
grave objection may prevent her de
parture for Spain, notwithstanding the
desire of the department to add her to
the eastern squadron. The bottom of
the battle-ship Indiana is in practically
the same condition, so that the author
ities may have to take either the Texas
or the Brooklyn. In case the Brook
lyn is selected Commodore Schley
will transfer hiß flag to one of the
protected cruisers, perhaps the Cincin
nati, which has flag quarters.
The delay of the American troops in
occupying the city of Santiago neces
sitate? the retention erf Commodore
Watson's fleet there. Rear Admiral
Sampson has instructions to start him
on his mission whenever he thinks the
condition at Santiago such that no fur
ther use can be made of the battle-ships
attached to the eastern squadron.
GIBRALTAR, July 15.— Three Span
ish infantry regiments at Seville have
received peremptory orders to proceed
to Algeelras. One arrived there this
evening. The troops are actively em
ployed in digging trenches in the vi
cinity of San Carbonera, near San
Rogue.
PRIZES BROUGHT IN BY
THE DIXIE AND UNCAS
They Were Flying the British Flag
and Laden With. Provisions
for the Enemy.
KEY WEST, July 15.— Three prizes were
brought In to-day. The captures were
effected with only ordinary Incident. The
English - built steamer Grenow Castle,
which for several years plied on the
Cuban coast under the Spanish flag, but
on June 8 laßt returned to her British
register, was taken by the Dixie off Cape
Cruz last Thursday. She was bound from
Kingston, Jamaica, for Manzanlllo with
a large cargo of food supplies. The crew
of the Grenow Castle consists of Captain
Rust, six Spaniards and four Jamaican
negroes.
The day before the capture the Dixie
took also two schooners — the Three Bells
and the Pilgrim— both flying British flags
Rnd bound from Montego Bay to Man
zanillo with cargoes of food supplies. The
Throe Bells was originally a Nova Sco
tian boat. She is of about 125 tons and
the Pilgrim of about twenty-five tons.
Lieutenant S. M. Blunt, with two sailors
and two marines, was put in charge to
bring the Three Bolls to Key West, but
she has not yet arrived.
The British schooner E. P. Niekerson
was also among to-day's arrivals. She
was becalmed off Cape Cruz on June 30,
when the Hornet came alongside and in
formed her commander that the vessel
was a prisoner. There was no attempt
at resistance. Thf Niekerson has a negro
captain, three seamen and a cook. Two
so-called pasesengers. who turned out to
be agents for the cargo, were on board.
They are Avon Gouthard and Frank Ber
ger, and they vehemently protested
against the capture, declaring that as
British subjects they could and would
claim indemnity from the United States.
The vessel's cargo was food, including a
deckload of pigs, goats, chickens, flour,
pork, potatoes and the like. She was
bound from Jamaica for Manzanlllo.
The American auxiliary gunboat ITncas
towed in to-day a little Spanish sloop, the
Bella Yanez, taken off Cardenas. Th«
sloop had no cargo and when caught was
close in shore. Four of her crew of six
jumped overboard and got to land.
The gunboat Castine brought in to-day
three Sp.-tiiiurds who had deserted from a
Spanish gunboat in Havana harbor and
put off to the blockading fleet in a small
boat.
Will Be Used as a Transport.
TACOMA, July 15.— The big Northern
Pacific liner Arizona, recently purchased
by the Government, will sail early to
morrow morning for San Francisco, where
she will be armed and equipped for a voy
age to Manila as a transport ship. The
Alaska, now at Glasgow, will take the
dace of the Arizona.
SHAFTER HASTENS
TORAL'S DECISION
TO CAPITULATE
American GeQeral p rm but Coq
siderate in Dealing With
tl)e Spaniards.
WITH THE UNITED STATES |
TROOPS BEFORE SANTIAGO DE |
CUBA, July 14 (via Kingston, Jamaica, j
July 15). — The great blow to the Span- i
ish army in Eastern Cuba has fallen, i
Santiago is lost and with it all the east- '
crn end of the island. General Toral, the
Spanish commander, agreed to the gen- j
eral terms of the surrender at a per- j
sonal Interview with General Shafter I
this afternoon, at which General Miles j
was present. The armies have had a i
campaign of three weeks of unprece- j
dented hardships both for officers and j
privates.
The victory of the Americans is
greater than was expected at first. The
Spanish troops in the Fourth Corps, the
military division of Santiago province, j
from a line drawn north from Aserra- j
deros, eighteen miles west of Santiago, j
through Los Palmas, Palmas Sorian, j
Alcantaza to Sagua de Tanamo on the |
north coast, and eastward to Cape
Maysi, are surrendered and the terri
tory is abandoned. Between 18,000 and I
20,000 Spanish prisoners are taken, j
about 10,000 of whom are in Santiago, j
The remainder are at Guantanamo, and '
others are garrisoned in the towns of |
Eastern Cuba. All these troops are to j
be embarked and sent back to Spain j
under parole.
General Shafter bears his honors
modestly. To a correspondent of the
Associated Press he said:
"The enemy has surrendered all the
territory and troops east of Santiago, j
The terms were dictated from Wash
lngton. It has been a hard cam
paign, one of the hardest I ever saw.
The difficulties to contend with were !
very great. Never during our Civil War j
were more difficult problems solved. !
The character of the country and the !
roads made it seem almost impossible '
to advance in the face of the enemy.
The transportation problem was hard, ;
too, but all the difficulties have been
successfully surmounted. Our troops j
have behaved gallantly. They fought '
like heroes and I am proud to have
commanded them. During all the hard- I
ships they have suffered they have j
shown resolution and spirit. They de- j
serve to conquer.
"The resistance of the enemy has |
been exceedingly stubborn. General ■
Toral has proved himself a foeman '
worthy of any man's steel. The nego- }
tlations which culminated in the sur- i
render of General Toral have been i
dragging on for ten days with the in- j
i termission of Sunday and Monday, .
when our batteries and fleets bom- I
barded the enemy's position. Through- i
out these periods of truce General Toral I
has shrewdly fallen back, when hard |
pressed, upon the statement that he j
was simply a subordinate and power- |
less to agree to the proposals without ,
the sanction of his superiors except un
der penalty of being court-martialed.
At the same time he seemed to inti
mate that, personally, he thought it
useless to hold out any longer. But he ,
and his garrison were soldiers, he said, j
and could die, if necessary, obeying !
orders."
It was at the personal interview be
tween General Shafter and General To
ral that the American general made the
Spaniard understand that temporizing
must cease and that before noon to- j
day a categorical acceptance of his of- I
fer must be received or the bombard- !
ment of the city would begin in earnest, j
! In the meantime all our plans had been j
i perfected. The delay had been utilized !
to good advantage. Our lines had been j
extended until Santiago was nearly
surrounded and our light batteries had ,
been so posted as to be able to do more j
effective work. In addition, arrange- j
ments had been made to land troops
at Cabanas, west of the entrance of I
the harbor of Santiago. The Spanish
batteries opposite Morro Castle were to
be bombarded anJ stormed, their guns
were then to be turned upon the city
and General Lawton's division at the
same time was to fall on the enemy's
left flank under the cover of our artil
lery fire. We could then have enfiladed
their lines and have driven them into
the city
General Toral must have realized that
he was trapped and that to hold out i
longer must mean a useless sacrifice
of his men, but he made one last effort
to gain more time this morning. While
nominally yielding to the terms General ■
Shafter proposed, before 8 o'clock he ,
sent a communication to General Shnf
ter inclosing: a copy of a telegram from
Captain General Blanco explaining that
the surrender of such an important po
sition as Santiago and the abandon
ment of Eastern Cuba would require
the direct sanction of the Madrid Gov
ernment and requesting more time to
hear from Madrid. At the same
time Captain General Blanco author
ized General Toral, if it was agreeable
to the American general, to appoint
commissioners of each side to arrange
! the terms of capitulation of the forces
i under his command on the condition of
their parole and transportation to
Spain, pending the sanction of Madrid.
He also communicated the names of the
commissioners he had selected, namely 1
Robert Mason, the British Vice Consul; !
General Toral's chief of staff. Colonel
Fontaine, and General Escarajao.
This communication was so ambigu- i
ous that it might all be upset by the !
refusal of Madrid to sanction the terms
agreed to by the commissioners and |
General Shafter resolved to have all |
the ambiguity removed before proceed- !
ing further. At 11 o'clock he mounted |
his horse and together with General :
: Miles and his staff he rode to the front. ;
iAt General Wheeler's headquarters j
General Shafter, General Miles, General i
Maus and an interpreter left their re- |
tinue and passed on over our trenches j
with a flag of truce to the mansro tree
under which the interview was held !
yesterday. They were soon joined by
General Toral. his chief of staff and
the two other commissioners appointed
by him.
General Miles took no part In the ne
gotiations. He has been careful since
his arrival here not to assume the di
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Distress
After eating, sour stomach and belch-
ing are symptoms which should be
checked lest they develop into chronic
dyspepsia. There is nothing on earth
so good as Hood's Sarsaparilla as a
stomach tonic, appetizer and regulator.
This is the verdict of thousands who
have tried it and are cured, and who
urge all who suffer with dyspeptic
symptoms to ttark r
Hood's Sa p Tr,ia
America's Greatest Medicine. $1; six for $5.
HOOD'S PILLS are the favorite cathartic. 25c .
rectlon of affairs or to detract in the
least from the glory of General Shaf
ter's achievement.
General Shafter insisted at the out
set that the commissioners to be ap
pointed should have paramount au
thority to make and conclude the terms
of surrender, in accordance with our
demands. After parleying, General
Toral acceded to this, explaining that
since his last communication he had
received direct authority from General
Blanco to do so. This being the main
point, the interview was soon con
cluded.
Before parting General Shafter com
plimented General Toral highly upon
the skill and gallantry of his resist
ance.
j Upon return to General Wheeler's
i headquarters the news of our complete
victory was communicated to General
I Lawton and to General Kent, and to
• the brigade commanders. A scene of
j general rejoicing followed. General
I Shafter held a regular levee before he
dismounted and was congratulated and
complimented by all. He immediately
| appointed General Wheeler, General
■ Lawton and Captain Miley to become
commissioners on his behalf to treat
I with those appointed by General Toral.
He then issued orders to permit our
j troops to retire from the trenches, but
, absolutely forbidding any one soldier or
! civilian going into the Spanish lines.
The refugees are to be permitted to
return to their homes, but neither our
troops nor the Cuban auxiliaries are to
j be permuted to enter the city at pres
i ent.
The order as to the Cubans is very
specific. They have shown a disposi
tion to loot anything and any place.
They are not to have the privilege of
glutting their appetites for plunder in
Santiago.
A guard is to be maintained about
the city and the camps of our soldiers
are to be removed just to the front or
j to the rear of our present lines, as in
1 individual cases is most practicable.
The change of the camp sites will un
doubtedly improve the health of the
troops. The whole purpose of the
American commander now is to protect
' the health of the army, especially from
j the dreaded contagion. It is claimed
j there is no fever in Santiago, but the
I city is full of filth and stench, and if
our men are allowed to go in it will
undoubtedly become a pesthole.
The boys in the trench holes were
ignorant of the outcome of the nego
tiations until a heavy luncheon of cof
i fee, hard tack and corned beef had
been served to them.
Then General Shafter appointed
Colonel Astor and Captain McKittrick
to convey the welcome intelligence
along the line. Some of the officers fa
vored celebrating the victory with
bands and noisy demonstration, but
| General Shafter vetoed the proposition.
jHe said there was no occasion to
! humiliate the enemy, who had fought
bravely. Not even cheering was to be
permitted.,
■ (Before Colonel 'Astor and Captain
McKittrick could warn the soldiers the
i latter broke out into wild hurrahs.
! Some danced about, threw .their hats
| into the air. hugged each other
, and congratulated themselves upon the
'■■ prospect of getting out of Cuba in a
few days.
General Shafter Instructed the Com
; missioners that the inside harbor en
! trance be immediately opened to al
j low Clara Barton of the Red Cross Co
i ciety and the supply ships to enter, and
that the railroad from Siboney be
opened for a similar purpose.
"We are to supply the Spanish prison
ers with food pending their concentra
| tion and embarkation. General Toral
: requested this, saying there was very
little food. It is probable thsi the
Spanish steamers in the harbor will be
used in part for the transportation of
the surrendered men to Spain. The
. Spaniel troops abandoned the en
| trenchments early this afternoon and
! went into the city.
Our Commissioners, attended by
!an interpreter, entered the Spanish
. lines shortly after 2 o'clock and had not
returned when the correspondent left
with this dispatch.
General Miles and his staff arrived
at Siboney from the front and went
aboard the Concha. On the wharf Gen
eral Miles said:
"PnntiaßO has surrendered on our
terms after vainly trying 1 for a lone
time to Ket hotter ones. The result is
highly gratifying. The Spanish prison
ers will be transported to Spain by us.
The surrender carries with it not only
the city of Santiago, but the entire San
tiago military district, being the east
ern portion of Cuba, west to a line
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Some merchants say there Is no profit selling goods at prices we name.
We admit that It is not a fortune- building proposition at short notice, but
the world has been good to us for twenty years and more and. now that
money is not shoveled up even by the rich and hard to get by some folks
we know, we want to reciprocate by favoring our friends as much as we can.
i We are surprised and so would you be at the small prices that even rich
men will accept for their wares when spot cash is the basis of the contract.
Big buys at little prices makes it possible as well as necessary for us to
move many goods quickly. There is one way to do it. •/ : .
WHITE SWAN FLOUR .... .... . 95c I BLACK STOCKINGS ...... . .*. . . 5c
This is a fancy, brand; white, fluffy, . These are to size 9 or 914. for big boys
sweet; greatest bread and biscuit maker - or girls; all sizes from baby up; gray
among our acquaintance; 6ee sample In or black; to-day and Monday only; good
- the window. value at 15c; limit, 24 pair to one buyer.
CALORIC VITA OIL . ... . .-. . 25c FIRE KINDLERS, Asbestos . . . . . . lc
This la for a few days only; It Is the Ton do not have to buy them; . 10c' la
best remedy extant; 400 testimonials by price elsewhere; only 700 left at bargain
those who've tried it; a regular 50c bot- rate; directions with them.
tie ' ■ T~ .■**•■" -' - '
rutted it — m TABLE DAMASK. . . . . . . .12^c
BUI ltK, per Toll 3UC This is a red damask,. 52 Inches wide;
For two days we shall sell roll butter, we do not multl l'l>' words unwisely
the sood kind, at this broke price to wh < rl we say value 25c or more,
attract attention and get money to „,...... SH()ES — - ■; g .
■*■?• GREEN SHOES $1.58
CTADfH ;..';-. :; j> v ;■'■- lite These are ladles' $3 50 shoes: the color
JlnHvll . . \ .-.4tTC dark green or myrtle, is against them"
Rockf ord Laundry Starch, put up In 6-tt> ». 6c^ bot l I ? of , Roy * 1 "'i ah makes them .
boxes, at Ue a box; should make a va- \ >«* nhen >°« «re of present color;
cant spot in the store quickly. U goes wit " tnem free -
HAND BRUSHES ~~ 3c LUCKY 8^, WA15T5: ....... 15c
iiAiiu DKII3IILS. v .... .. aw These are not our own make, but -very
• Some call them nailbrushea; small 10c . good; sizes Bto 13; of. dark or light Der-
kind; warranted. . . cale; regular .value 25c to 60c.
3d FLOOR BARGAINS. CJMl^|lC>'
Heavy Gray All-wool Klondike Blankets Si >O;^\ '■■$£$& & a fj^jsi
Men's Leather Working Gloves, sizes 8. 9 — ~. J 3 "»H h* 3 *:3 Ivs- - \^ffl
Gloves, Buck, Boys' or Ladles' Outdoor -'■"•■ \^aJt 11^ £1 KB loU %^ *W
Tapestry Rugs, $1 quality, remnants 50c J*"^ ™ ! ..-P. MB py ISS Hi ■^Or
Ingrain Carpets, 36-inch, pretty styles 25c or* /^ g> Rfl #T\ Era 'gn^ p^. t*m,
Wall Paper, per piece, beet styles ■" : V/T\7|i T||lJ fr
Gilt Paper, to-day, all one-third " off price. ' . ■ r^T-' m »^»*
Military Overalla. for little boys.... .....23c- qb»_q« M on |. 04 . c* » c. D
Klondike ; Shoes or. Moccasins, , *3 value.. ..|l 50 A\J'A% iTlUrKei OU, O» r»
drawn from Aserradero on the south
coast, to Sagua on the north coast.
Manzanillo and Hol~uln are not in
cluded.
"The American troops will be left
where they are for a time until they
are needed for service elsewhere. I <5o
not wish to sa-<- what point will be at
tacked next. I may come ashore again
here, but har-ily think so."
KLATAWAHS GRAND -
PACING AT PEORIA
PEORIA, July 1 j.— Tho races at the mile
track closed to-day witb the breaking of
the three-y*ar-old pacing record three
times in one race by Klatawah, bay stal
lion, owned by Keating of Pleasanton.
Cal. The record stood at 2:O9Vi, and
X l.i taw ah won the three heats In 2:07%,
2:09 and 2:OC' 4 -
8:26 trot, purse $600— Belle J won in three
straight heats. I>est time, 2:16H- Bob Collins.
Casetta, Charley B, Honny Allerton, Bella
-i.l Oypt M.iffet also started.
■' M pace, purse $1000 — Klatowab won In three
(Straight heats. Best time. 2:' i«v 4 . Anna Lee.
Red 1r.1.t. JrvinKtun Belle, Little Lnuise, A -
„... Lottie Smart, Flash. Sport. Fannie Mc-
Ouire Bully l'">" Prince- Stevens, Kdwln Clay.
Fran.'is 11.I 1 . Maude. Prince Albert Jr. and Jerry
Talaton also started.
2-3'» pace, purse 1600— Ml«a Logan won In three
straight heats. Best time, 2:104. Fanny Put
nam Shade On, El Reno, Lord -Rosebery. Le
ruv J F B and J'hn Khea also started.
PETRCiIT. Mich., July I?.— Results at High
land Park: 2:34 trot— Tacoma won in straight
2:12 pace— Charlte B won in straight heats.
Best time, 8:11
JOCKEY SLOAN
AGAIN RIDING
Has Recovered From His
Illness.
WINS ON GEORGE KEENE
THE TABCOON BUNS A GBEAT
BACE AT CHICAGO.
Circles the Track In 1:40, While
Hugh Penny Gets Second Place
From Game Old
Satsuma.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Sloan mad© his
first appearance at Brighton Beach to-day
since his recent illness, and landed George
Keene a winner in the fourth race.
First race, five furlongs, selling— Don - Bias
won, Salalre second, Adaxus third. Time,
1:02%. . , . ..;:■..-■
Second race, five furlongs, selling— Rare Per
fume won. Lady Exile second. Subject third.
Time, 1:02.
Third race, one mile, selling — Rotterdam won,
Glenoine second, Doggett third. Time, -1:43.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles—
George Keene won. Caldron second, Isidor
third. Time, I:4SVi.
. Fifth race, five furlongs, — Mlzpah,
won. Buffoon second Swamp Angel third. .Time,
1:01%. . ■ •
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Philip won,
Concord second, Hanlon third. Time, 1:45.
ST. LOUIS, July 15.— Weather pleasant; track
fast. ■ ■ , -
First race, four and a half furlongs— Manila
won, Lilly Paxton second. La Josephine third.
Time. :56%.
Second race, six furlongs— Lady Hamilton
won, Gladys second. Correspond third. Time.
1:16. ' . '
Third race, five furlongs— Pearl Barnes won.
Our Nellie second, Genua third. Time, 1:02%.
• Fourth race, j six furlongs — Martin won,
Travis second, Big- Fellow third. Time, 1:17.
Fifth race, six and a-.hjjtlf rurJon<rs-/Unnt
gomery'- won, Klsme second, Sorrow ( »&lrd.
Time, 1:22... ■ -■'•■•
Sixth race, one mile— Lena won, Silva second.
Mystery third. Time. 1:44."
CHICAGO. July 15.— Washington Park re
sults: First race, mile— Roslnanjte won, Tuba
Dam second, Forte third. Time, l:40>-i. • -
Second race, mile — Tarcoon won, Hugh
Penny second, Satsuma third. Time, 1:40.
Third race, six furlongs — Mary Black won,
Tartarian second. Miss Casey third. Time,
1:14.
Fourth race, five Spirituelle won.
Sevens second, Souchon third. Time. 1:00%.
Fifth race, mile and fifty yards — GoorKe Krata
won, High Hoe second. Nathanson third. Time,
1:43*4. ■
BUTTE, July 15.— Weather warm; track fast.
First race, five and a half furlongs— Lolo won,
Mike Rice second, Tammany II third. Time,
1:10. • - . . -■■•: . • - 
Second race, four furlongs — Kootenal won,
San Augustine second, Chilkoot Pass 'third.
Time, :."'>>-..
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Distinc
tion won. Loch Ness second. Torpedo third.
Time, l:0S%.
Fourth race, mile— Hlero won. All Smoke sec
ond. William OR. third. Time, 1:43.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Robair won, Alicia
second. Briar Hill third. Time, 1:16%.
Sixth race, three furlongs— Tucker won,
Dinah Watt second. Jock third. Time. :34%.
Guernsey Marksmen Win.
LONDON, July 15.— At the meeting of
the National Rifle Association at Bisle the
Rriiah Pola Challenge Cup, seven shots at
200," 500 and 600 yards, was won by the
Guernsey team (eight men), with a total
of 744. The Victoria team, winners of this
trophy in 1R97. scored 741; the British team,
741; trie Canadians. 735: the Jersey eight,
71S, and the Indian Riflemen, 700 points.
Mrs. Linton, the Novelist, Dead.
LONDON, July 15.— Mrs. Elizabeth Lynn
Linton, the novelist and essayist, widow
of the late William James Linton, the cel
ebrated wood engraver, is dead.AGNEWS MANAGEMENT
WINKS AT IMMORALITY
TAKES NO ACTION
TOWARD PURIFYING
THE INSTITUTION
There May Not Be Ever) an In
quiry Unless Governor Budd
Demands It. .
SAN JOSE, July 15. — No resignations
have been tendered, no requests for an
investigation have been made by the
accused, and no definite steps have
been taken by the management of the
Agnews Asylum to clear the moral at
mosphere of the institution under their
charge.
Each day since the startling charges
of murder and immorality were first
given publicity the people have been
expecting one or all of these things to
occur. As the matter now stands the
•indications are that at least a month
will go by before the work of moral
fumigation will begin unless the Gov
ernor has the courage to perform his
duty by demanding that something be
done immediately by the board of man
agers of the establishment to show the
public that It is desirous of having the
State hospital freed from the terrible
incubus of suspicion that now weighs
it down.
Chairman Curnow, who has the
power to call a special meeting of the
board, evidently is disinclined to take
the responsibility of doing so. while
Trustee Hale is of the opinion that a
suggestion for a special meeting would
nut come with good taste from him.
Said Chairman Curnow to-day, after
remarking that The Call's history of
the method by which the appointments
wer* 3 made at Agnews was correct:
"I shall communicate with the other
members regarding the calling of a
special meeting to Investigate the
charges against some of the attaches
of the asylum and see what they are
inclined to do.
"I don't think those charges against
Mr. Tourtillott and Mrs. Madigan are
well founded. I have been investigat
ing and the evidence is very weak.
"So far as Dr. Sponogle is concerned,
I know nothing of his prior history ex
cept- by hearsay."
Dr. Curnow did not care to discuss
the character of the hearsay history he
had heard.
When Mr. Hale was asked what he !
was disposed to do in the matter of I
having a special meeting called he said:
"If a special meeting is thought" de- J
sirable by the chairman of the board :
u/id the chairman of the management I
committee t'Gould), I am ready and
willing to attend it at any time and ,
place for any purpose whatever."
Asked as to what he thought of the
advisability of calling a special meet
ing he answered:
"I think the chairman of the board
and the chairman of the management
committee ought to determine that |
matter."
In endeavoring to explain the serious j
charges of murder and criminal assault
made against him by Detective Erwin
Frost Dr. Sponogle induced the yellow
journal of San Francisco to publish a !
statement attacking in a most unmanly !
and unwarranted manner the former j
matron of the asylum, Miss Ella Royce,
who took no part whatever in the pro- I
ceedings at the board's meeting on
Wednesday last. Part of the medical |
superintendent's explanation was as i
follows:
These charges are purely the result of j
malice and have no foundation in fact.
The persona at the bottom ot,them are '
parties who have been practically dls
missed from the asylum. Why they j
should assault mo is a mystery, aa I was ;
in no manner responsible for their dis- i
charges. While Miss Ella Royce, the late ■
matron of the asylum, was here our re
lations were not very friendly. Sho was a
young and impetuous woman, in no way !
qualified for the position to which Fhe !
was appointed, and it became necessary !
for me sometimes to correct her mis- j
takes. This was always done in a gen- !
tlemanly manner. She, however, took a j
pledge before the board of managers to I
use every means to injure me, and it :
seems she is trying her best.
Miss Royce has absolutely declined,
since the sensational exposures of this |
week, to be interviewed regarding what I
she knows of the affairs of the asylum, \
but in view of Dr. Sponoffle's action In j
bringing her name into the matter she j
made- the following statement to-day:
"So far I have had nothing to say
about this affair, but as Dr. Sponogle j
has attacked me I feel that in Justice '
to myself I must make an explanation. '
1 did not take any pledge before the I
board or anywhere else of the charac- j
ter the doctor ascribes to me. I don't j
understand why Dr. Sponogle should
Bay this.
"At the time I was before the board
on May 26, the day that I resigned, in
answer to a flimsy charge mude by
Miss Bambauer, they questioned me
a! out the nurses under my charge, and i
1 told them, as was the case, that their
work was very satisfactory. There was
no occasion for such an inquiry what
ever, and I intimated as much and sug
fested that their attention might be
turned v lth more profit to Dr. Spon
ogle, who was present at the time. I
told the board that he wes unfit for
the position he held; that he was an im- i
moral man; that" he lacked manhood ;
and integrity, and that no lady could ,
asosciate with him without losing her ,
self-respect. All the members of the
board were present except Mr. Upham.
"And as for Dr. Sponogle having oc
casion to correct m*> I think it would
be well for the State to employ a guar- j
dlan for him, as he Is irresponsible for j
any thing he does."
Objections have been urged by some
members of the board who have been
identified with the Gould combination
to going into an investigation without
formal written charges being filed.
They evidently have furgoten that Miss
Royce, less than two months ago, was
placed on the carpet to answer to some
Petty charges brought against her by
Miss Bambauer, Gould's Merced impor
tation. But the situation was differ- i
ent then. Gould cracked the whin and !
his creatures in the board sat ready !
to "crack through" his programme, re
gardless of legal or other formalities.
They also overlook the fact that these
charges were directly called to their at- j
tent ion in an oj.e n • meeting of the !
board, and that there is at their dis
posal an affidavit which states facts
sufficient to warrant an* in fact, mor
ally compel the board u> take imme
diate cognizance of them. The docu
ment referred to is that of Mrs WII- I
liamp, which was published in The Call
of Thursday.
But, to paraphrase, the trail of the
serpent Is over it all. Gould accepted
the responsible position of trustee of I
\
1 the Agnews State Hospital, not for the
' good he could do for the State or for
i the institution, but for the means !t
; afforded of making political cap
! ital for Gould for Governer.
This fact he made perfectly
plain when the grab for patron
| age was at its height. He openly re
■ marked to one of nis colleagues of the
board that he simply wanted the posi
j tion as a means whereby he could con
trol influence to inflate his self-inaug
urated boom.
Another insurmountable reason why
Dr. Sponogle should not occupy the po
i sition of medical superintendent at
, Agnews has been discovered. He is
not legally qualified. At the last ses
! sion of the Legislature an act was
; passed which made it necessary that
the gentleman appointed to the position
mentioned must have had five years'
previous experience in an institution of
this kind. Dr. Sponogle has not had
: this experience. An explanation is due
: from the board as to why they appoint-
I ed him under these circumstances find
| why he continues to be retained.
The public is now asking, "What do >s
: the board of managers propose to do in
this matter, and when?"
"AGNEWS ASYLUM IS
ROTTEN TO THE CORE."
< Mrs. Chaplin, Once an Attache of
the Hospital, Makes Sensa
tional Disclosures.
"Agnews Asylum is rotten to the
: core! I know all about that lnstitu
; tion and what has been going on
there."
So said Mrs. M. D. Chaplin last even
i ing. She was employed at Agnews for
! the year ending February IS last, when
she was suspended for two weeks, un
til the board met, by Dr. Sponogle, who
could give no reason for this ac
| tlon other than that he was carrying
; out the Instructions of Mr. Gould. Mrs.
; Chaplin was head attendant of one of
• the wards, and was suspended with
several other women.
"I at once went to Mr. Gould and de
manded the reason for my suspension,"
; said Mrs. Chaplin, "and he told me it
was cruelty. I thought this was very
i strange, indeed, as I had been doing
! very well for six months, and particu
, larly so in the violent wards. I then
went to Mr. Hale, who said he had
signed a paper because Gould had sent
it to him for that purpose. Mr. Up
ham and Mr. White are never consult
ed, and they are entirely out In the
cold. They cut no figure whatever, al
though they are honorable men.
"When the board met, Gould came
! into the board room and asked me why
I was trying to slander him and his,
meaning his half-brother, Tourtillott.
; I replied that I was not slandering any
■ body, but was simply doing my duty,
i The scandal had been told to Dr. Spon
! ogle and the matron, but had - never
i been acted upon.
"To go back a little, let me tell you
j that Gould's appointees could /do any
: thing they pleased. During Dr. Hatch's
j time, Gould sent to Agnews a woman
1 named Miss Bambauer, who at once
! began makir~ so much trouble that the
i doctor was obliged to send her home.
; Six or seven months ago, after Dr.
\ Sponogle was In charee, this woman re
' turned. The matron was out that even
. ing, and I was attending to her du
ties. I assigned Miss Bambauer to a
room which didn't suit her. She be
came indignant and said that Mr.
i Gould had told her she could have a
; certain room and she wanted It. No
■ other room was good enough for her.
"She immediately began domineering
! over everybody, and would take privi
! leges allowed to no one else, such as
I taking a bath in the middle of the day
! and going to sleep. She soon got the
matron Into trouble. The matron is
; gone, arid now Miss Bambauer is the
1 acting matron. Whenever Miss Bam
j bauer wanted a day off she simply said
j she was going to the city, and away
j she went. At all times she ran things
with a high hand. When Gould was
married the announcement acted like
jan electric shock upon Miss Bam
bauer. You can draw your own in
ference.
"There are others in the institution
i who ought to come out and tell what
they know about Tourtillott and Mrs.
Madigan. Kerns, the night watchman,
; could tell enough about that happy
pair to fin a volume of a decidedly racy
character. He has often found them
holding a session In the laundry as
I late as 12 o'clock at night, as well as
I in every out-of-the-way place about
\ the institution. Mrs. Madigan's light
has been seen burning as late as 4
o'clock In the morning, she not having
, returned to her room. Miss Fogarty
has frequently gone into her room and
turned out the light, and always
noticed that the bed had not been oc
cupied.
"One night a supernumerary attendant
came to see mo about being relieved
I from duty, and together we went to ask
Miss Royce. the matron, about It. We
knocked at Tourtillott's door for some
considerable time, and finally out
walked Mrs. Madigan. It was 12
j o'clock. Now, what do you think of
j that? It was her business to be on the
j ward at 10 o'clock. If any of the rest
of us had done anything like that we
wouldn't have remained there twenty
four hours.
"When the board met I exposed all
! these things. Gould said I was slan
i dering everybody, and some of the
trustees asserted that I was simply
talking for spite. Dr. Sponogle was
asked if ho had any charges or any
complaint to make against me, and he
said he had not, as I had clone my duty
jin every respect. As to cruelty, he said
i not one of the charges could be proved.
I accordingly took it for granted that I
would be reinstated. Gould, however,
stormed around and said that I had
! caused all the mischief, that I could not
! get along with the other girls, and that
1 I had to go, and I went.
"The Madigan woman Is about 30
years of age, of medium height, with
dark hair and dark eyes, and rather
1 attractive both In manners and appear-
I ance. Miss Bambauer is as lank as a
telegraph pole and a good ways from
being youthful. She 1b the terror of
Agnews. I took a five days' vacation,
and while I was gone she bribed the
| patleuts with candy to tell a lot ofc
THE SATS' FRANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
DR. J. R. CyRNOW, President of the Board of
Trustees of Agnews Asylum.
lies about me. All these things would
not have come out If they had not dis
cnaiged the girls."
SPONOGLE ACCUSED BY
HIS WIFE'S SISTER
.cull Investigation of Mrs. Spono-
gle's Death Was Demanded,
But Never Made.
A woman prominent in Oakland social
circle-s, who prt-fers not to have her
name mentioned in connection with the
Agnews Asylum scandal, in an inter
view yesterday stated that while acting
as secretary of the Mutual Companions'
Endowment Society of Healdsburg
some ten years ago, she received a let
ter from a sister of Dr. F. M. Sponogle'a
former wife, now deceased, in which he
was charged with having compelled
her to join the society so that in the
event of death he could reap the in
surance of $3000, and that since Joining
she had been in fear of her life. She
demanded an investigation of Mrs.
Sponogle's sudden demise, but her wish
was not granted owing to the pleadings
of Charles Weitman, a brother of the
dead woman.
The lady further stated that the let
ter was suppressed at the earnest and
tearful request of the brother and
would still be in her possession but for
a trick played on her by Dr. Kauffman,
a resident of Healdsburg at that time,
but now in the East.
"Dr. Kauffman," she said, "was a
bosom friend of Dr. Sponogle until they
fell out over a question of compensa
tion. Dr. Kauffmann came to my home
soon after Mrs. Sponogle's death and
asked to see the letter, basing his right
as a member of our organization. I
brought it to him and after he had ex
amined it he smiled in a satisfying
manner and said he would return it to
me after he had 1 shown it to his brother
Masons. That is the last I have seen
of the letter.
"After Dr. Sponogle recovered from
his injuries received In being thrown
from his buggy he and his wife went
on a visit to Sacramento. While there
she was taken suddenly ill and died. It
was afterward learned that a pimple
made its appearance on her face and
the doctor attended her. Whether he
used his own Instruments in trying to
remove the excrescence or another phy
sician did was not definitely learned.
At ail events she died and the cause
was assigned to blood-poisoning. The
news of her sudden taking off caused
every resident of Healdsburg to suspect
foul play and open charges were made
against Dr. Sponogle. Mrs. Sponogle's
body was placed in a receiving vault at
the Oakland cemetery pending develop
ments. When an inspection was made
of the body as it lay In the vault it was
so distorted that it was unrecognizable.
"The $3000 insurance was paid over to
the doctor by the society without a pro
test, the check being signed by Mrs. S.
B. Wood, a bosom friend of the dead
woman."
SPONOGLE SPEAKS,
BUT TO NO PURPOSE
Accuses His ex-Brother-in-Law and
Is Promptly Branded as
a Liar.
Dr. F. M. Rponogle has at last been
Induced to break the silence with which
he had shrouded himself after the ter
rible charge of murder was informally
made, against him at a meeting of the
board of managers of the Agnew Asy
lum for the Insane by Detective Erwin
Frost. On that occasion Frost de
manded an investigation Into charges
against Sponogle in connection with his
office as medical superintendent and in
his remarks to the board said that
Sponogle had murdered his first wife
for the insurance money on her life.
In response to Frost's request for an
investigation Sponogle hung his head
and maintained a science that created a
very unfavorable impression against
him. It was expected that in the face
of a charge so terrible, so damning,
tho accused nerson wouLd indig
nantly deny the charge and denounce
its author as a scoundrel and a liar.
It would not have appeared unnatural
even if the doctor had sprung upon the
detective then and there and killed
him— that is if the doctor were Innocent
of the charge. That is what most other
men would have done under similar
circumstances. But the doctor con
trolled himself. There being no woman
in the case but a dead one the task of
self control was easy.
As before stated the doctor has con
sented to speak. His reply Is given
to a morning paper in this city. It con
sists first of a general denial of all the
charges. "I didn't do it," !s the key
note of his sad song. While denying
the accusations he abuses the witnesses
against him and would have the public
infer that those witnesses had con
spired together to ruin him without any
possible gain to themselves. His state
ment is most part as follows:
Frnst is, I consider, purely acting as the
agent of those who have employed him.
His charges, I suppose, were given to him
by a brother-in-law of mine, Henry S.
Weltman, who Is my bitter enemy, be
cause I stopped supplying him with money
with which to carouse and gamlile. This
man. who is known to be worthless, was
in San Jose a short time ago, and I sup
pose told Frost a list of false stories re
garding me. i
Frost accused me of poisoning my first
wife in order to secure Insurance money,
when, as a matter of fact, my first wife
died in Sacramento of acute meningitis
in ISB3. She was attended by Drs. Cluness
and Nelson of that city at the time of
her illness, and no such thing as a sus
picious circumstance In connection with
her death was ever dreamed of until this
brother-in-law came from the East and
tried to make me support him under the
throat of accusing me of poisoning his
sister. T will never consent to be black
mailed by anybody.
The story of a difficulty In Fresno with
a young girl whom Frost intimates that I
mistreated and paid $4<VN) as hush money
has for its meager foundation the fact
that in 1593 a widow German woman in
that city, who owed me a large bill for
medical services, tried to blackmail me
by crying out from my operating room
that I had Insulted her. I demanded an
investigation, which was held before
Judge Austin, and produced evidence to
show that the woman had not been In the
operating room for a minute and that the
allegations she made were impossible and
utterly false. I was completely exoner
ated from the chargo and the affair was
recognized as a blackmailing scheme by
all familiar with the circumstances
The charges of Charles Williams before
the board of .managers were a great sur
prise to me. Before Mrs. Williams,
known to us as Miss Barnheisel, was
dropped, she took occasion to come to
me and express her thanks for the cour
tesy I had shown her while here. I never
subjected the young woman to any medi
cal examination whatever and only pre
scribed for her on one occasion here. I
am open to Investigation at any time.
S. H. TVeitman, whom Sponogle des
ignates as a "worthless" man, was re
cently In the drug business on Broad
way, Oakland, and Is at present a stu
dent in the California Medical College.
He brands Sponogle's statements re
ferring to himself as unqualifiedly
false. He says that he never saw
Sponogle to know him since 1882, when
he met him in Battle Mountain, Ne
vada. Since that time he has seen the
doctor only once, and that was in Oc
tober or November, 1889, when Weit
man was employed in the California
Pottery and Terra Cotta Company at
the intersection of Market and Larkln
streets in this city.
On that occasion T. S. Chambers, an
uncle of Sponogle's second wife, was
with the doctor.
"I told Sponogle at that time," said
Weltman, "that he had murdered my
sister for the $6000 insurance upon her
life. He then asked to see the man
ager and I told him that the manager
was out; that he would be in shortly,
and that I would be there, too, when
Sponogle talked to him. I then or
dered him out of the place and I said:
'You , I'll kill you.' I went and
got a gun, and he left. That Is the
only time I ever saw him to know him
since 1882. I told him then and there
that he murdered my sister and I will
tell him the same to-day. My sister
died in Sacramento in 1883. The mat
ter was hushed up and there was no
public investigation. I was in the East
at the time."
The tears stood In Weltman's eyes
when he Bpoke of his dead sister.
"With reference to his statement that
he had refused to supply me with
money with which to carouse and gam
ble, I wish to say that I never asked
him for a cent and never got a cent
from him, and I defy him to prove it,"
added Weltman.
CORBETT AND M'COY
MATCHED TO FIGHT
Articles Signed for a Contest in Buf-
falo for $20,000, Winner to
Take All.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Articles of agree
ment for a fight between James G. Cor
bett and "Kid" McCoy, the match to take
place at the Hawthorne Athletic Club of
Buffalo on September 10. were signed in
this city to-day. M. C. Gray signed for the
Hawthorne Club, George F. Considyne for
Corbett and W. B. Gray for McCoy. The
purse is to be $20,000, the winner to take
all.
Archibishop Galpoint Dead.
TUCSON, Ariz., July 15.— The Most Rev.
Archbishop Salpolnt of the diocese of
Santa Fe died here to-day, after an Ill
ness of several weeks, from paralysis. He
had been In charge of this diocese for
more than thirty years.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
BETRAYED BY
LEGISLATURE
OF HAWAII
Bill Rushed Through to
Permit Unlimited Coolie
Immigration.
Promises to Uncle Sam Also Broken
on the Obnoxious Contract
Labor Law.
Correspondence of The Call.
HONOLULU, July B.— The Legisla
ture of Hawaii was prorogued at 6 !
o'clock last evening to the great relief I
of the members and the greater satis- I
faction of the people. In viciousness of
conduct in matters of vital interest to j
the welfare of the people it has trans- I
cended the efforts of the worst legisla- I
tive assemblies which preceded it in the ;
days of the monarchy, when personal ■
influences occasionally influenced legis- |
lation but had the honesty to allow the \
people to have a fair proportion of the
profits emanating from the deals.
The fifteen Senators and fifteen Rep
resentatives elected by only 1917 votes
out of a population of over 100,000, of j
whom 26,000 are Hawaiians or part Ha
waiians and 13,000 Americans and Eu- ;
ropeans, represented themselves and .
the interests they were elected to rep- i
resent. In their absolute certainty of j
obtaining annexation they have made j
themselves ridiculous and obnoxious by i
perversely working against the will of j
the people in every way and in pander- |
ing to the pockets of the rich. It is j
too difficult to select any good or bene- j
flcial acts that the-** have passed or any j
good work that they have done, but the ■
following may be registered among the j
unpardonable faults they have com
mitted.
They have increased salaries from the
Ministers downward to an undue and |
unnecessary degree, which the condi
tions and circumstances of the country
do not justify, and created new offices j
for experimental purposes on the eve j
of their retirement from office. The in
crease of salaries dates from January
1, so that the officials will have a sub- !
stantia.l sum with which to pay their j
PRINCESS OF CHIMAY DEAD
Passing of the American Heiress Who Wedded
Prince and Eloped With a Gypsy.
NEW YORK. July 15.— The Princess of Chlmay (nee Clara Ward) is dead at
Buda Pest. The cause of her death is said to have been milk fever.
Clara Ward was the only daughter of Captain Eber Ward, the millionaire
Michigan ship builder. She was born In Detroit during the panic of 1873, which,
though It diminished Captatn Ward's great wealth, leit him still a multi-mil
lionaire. After his death Mrs. Ward went on extensive travels, marrying Alex
ander Cameron, a banker-lawyer of Windsor, Canada, on her return.
Later the Camerons moved to Toronto, where Clara lived until 14 years old.
She went to school In London for three years. Clara received from her father's
estate $40,000 a year. She spent all that and more. Her mother oegan to think
the time had come for a suitable alliance. They sought the Italian sky and
sunlight, the home where so many romances have been written for centuries.
At Nice Mies Ward met a Belgian nobleman of high degree, who was to make
her Princess of'the great house of Chimay and Cnraman. It only required little
coaxing on the part of the mother. She pressed the Prince's suit and the daugh
ter was won.
The betrothal was Interesting to conti nental society, particularly to the circle
In which the Prince moved. His life had been gay and Interwoven with experi
ences.
The mansion of the family Is In the little city of Chimay, south of Belgium. Tho
nuptials were held on May 30, IS9O, in Paris, Monsignor Rotelle, the papal nuncio,
giving the benediction. The wedding presents were gorgeous. Lord Lytton and
Mr. Whitelaw Reid, the American Minister to Franco, wore witnesses for the
bride, and Baron Deyens, the Belgian minister, and the Due de Frezensac, were
witnesses for the groom.
It was very romantic for a while, but the Princess' nature was opposed to so
cial life and the spirit of adverture began to assert itself, much to the displeas
ure of the Prince. He began to hear rumors of his wife's infidelity and at one
time threatened to bring suit for divorce, but fear of a scandal prevented It. Not
even the birth of two children could bridge the chasm that separated the
couple.
On February 21 1894, the anniversary of her twenty-first birthday, the
Princess gave a grand dinner and ball in Paris. Meanwhile her subtle nature
was seeking for relief from the fashionable world. She wandered among the
cafes of Paris Incognito, trying to please her whims. It was a hunt for happi
ness. Her nature had not found it in wealth and titles.
She fastened her fancy on a Hungarian gypsy, who had nothing she had ex
cept the keen spirit of adventure and love of song. She heard him play one night
In one of the Parisian cafes. He was tall and well proportioned. The thrilling
"Rokoczy March" charmed the Princess and after a few nightß' visits she had
fallen a victim to the music and song of the strolling minstrel Janos Rlgo.
So It did not surprise those who knew the Princess Chimay and Caraman to
hear afterward that she deserted her husband and two children and became
the companion of the Hungarian Tzlgano,
The Princess separtated from Rlgo in 1807 and commenced suit for divorce.
The following month she was granted a divorce with alimony. It was reported
in April, 1897, that tho Prineeas was to como to New York and appear on the
vaudeville stage. She afterward was engaged to appear on a muslo hall stage
at Berlin, but was prevented by the police.
board bills should they b« ousted from
office by annexation.
They have foully murdered the
bill introduced by Mr. Gear to re
peal the obnoxious penal clause of
the labor contract law; that bill
which they so faithfully promised
the people of the United States
should be triumphantly passed if
they would only vote for annexation.
When they found that the necessary
votes had been obtained they turned
around and tricked the people on the
last day of the extra session by lay
ing the bill on the table at the be
hest of their bosses, the planters.
But perhaps one of the most re
markable incidents that has ever oc
curred in a so-called respectable
Legislature took place in the throes
of its suicidal agony yesterday.
That was the railroading through in
a very few minutes of the bill of
Minister Cooper to amend the laws
relating to Chinese Immigration. As
I have already pointed out in this
correspondence this bill practically
permits unlimited and unrestricted
Chinese labor immigration and un
less some action is promptly taken
by the United States Chinese labor
ers will within the next few months
be flocking in by the thousands.
Another bill which was railroaded
through on the same afternoon In a
most extraordinary manner was the
rapid transit act, granting: a franchise
for an opposition street railroad com
pany. This bill had already passed
with an amendment, which had been
1 carelessly engrossed. It might have
been purely a typewriter's error, but It
contained the wholesome sized "nig
ger," giving to the company the right
of eminent domain over public as well
as private property.
Another bill slaughtered was the
opium licencing bill, or, rather, a bill
to regulate the use of opium and abol
ish smuggling.
A joint resolution, suggesting to the
executive the retention of the Hawaiian
flag as a State or Territorial nag in
the event of annexation, was passed
by the House, but killed by the coolie
loving Senate.
Another measure which was much
desired, but which was eventually
slaughtered by one vote by the Senate,
vtas the income tax bill — a plan by
which the rich would contribute their
fair share to the burthen of taxation
as well as the poor.
A number of excellent bills were
also killed, and the voluminous reports
on the inefficiency of the condition of
the public service were practically pig
eonholed by reference to the Ministers
of the several departments.
A resolution of suggestion to the ex
ecutive for the pardoning and restora
tion to civil rights of the political pris
oners of 159," was defeated, and. In fact,
all that could be done to prevent the
consummation of harmony between the
Hawaiians and the aliens was done by
this Legislature.
Owing to the anticipation of the ar
rival of annexation with the United
States transports there was no Ameri
can or Hawaiian celebration of the
Fourth of July, except by a horse race
and a baseball game. The American
Minister, however, held an official re
ception, to which were Invited the
members of the Government, the dip
lomatic and consular corps, the officers
of the United States warships then in
port, the Mohican, Monadnock and
Nero, and the editors of the local press.
Mr. Sewall was in excellent spirits and
freely expressed his opinion that an
nexation was closer than anticipated
by its opponents. He held that he
had been selected for this post of honor
to promote and obtain annexation, and
that it would be obtained during his
incumbency. He admitted that in this
respect hr> was a very bitter partisan.
but none the less preserved his respect
and friendship for those who conscien
tiously differed from him. President
Dole was happy and hoped that the
Hawaiian flag would be permitted to
wave over us when we should become
a Territory. There was not an ab
sentee from the ranks of the diplomatic
or consular corps.
HORACE WRIGHT.
COLONEL GEORGE STON^
IS CHOSEN PRESIDENT
National Republican League Selects
a San Franciscan for It 3
Leader.
OMAHA, July 15.— C01. George Stone,
of San Francisco, the president of the
California State League, was elected
president of the National Republican
League at this morning's concluding ses
sion. It was a close vote between him
and J. Cookman Boyd of Baltimore on
the first ballot, which stood: Stone 521,
Boyd 58S, E. X. Dingley of Michigan 187.
and Isadore Sobel of Pennsylvania 214.
An effort by some one in the convention,
a Maryland delegate or pretending to be
one, to cast the fifty votes of Virginia, a
State not represented in the convention
at all. for Boyd, along with Stone's still
hunt* work ever since he came, he being
the first candidate on the ground, and
Pennsylvania throwing its 130 votes to
Stone and Illinois its 98, gave the election
to Stone on the very next ballot.
D. H. Stine of Newport, Ky.. who had
been made the secretary to fill out tho
unexpired term of M. J. Downing of
Rennville, Minn., was elected secretary
by acclamation and M. D. Young of Penn
sylvania treasurer.
Invitations from Judge E. P. Scott of
Texas and Major John Espy of Minneso
ta for the next convention two years
hence to be held at Galveston and
St. ' Paul were formally offered
and referred to the executive committee.
As- biennial sessions have been decided
upon the officers will hold for two years.
Falls Dead on a Street.
RED BLUFF, July 15.— John W. Scott,
an old man who has been in and around
Red Bluff for many years, dropped dead
on the street this afternoon from heart
failure.
l^^ißi Your | ife worth?'
%^^^' M Anything? If so,
If^, 40^ w^y con tinue to
Eli pt k e Wea^ anc l h^
§^P^^^p| a man? "Hud-;
t&r 0k lH y an " rnakai
M ||i p life a pleasure to
3§^J^^^ws y ou< 't w '" fi'f
II jjfg||i§ you with vim and
H elm'- ' w v 'tality. Ask for,
M-- H information about
I E^H^^gßß^ ; it. No single cent
% °^ cos t to you,
p no matter* how
i_ iL^Jip y ou nave played
havoc with your
J^^^^P health and dona
jj£|dSS»^. I what was wrong;
lA W^& no matter howyou
I f 32 *^^ have abused riat-
w_ t^^-^--M; ura ' gifts. Send
S^^g for help. "Hud.
[ ; v a yan" is the one
WMm $&% thing which will
i /reproduce what
& '"^^^p Ask about "Hud-.
yan."' No cost to;
. w7tiMic same time get
II paasaa ij| f 1 " 66 medical ad-.
vice. Be a mail
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON. MARKET AND ELLIS ST3, «V ,
Can Franstsco, Cal, *f ■
. If troubled with Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Sci-
atica, Gout or any nervous disease, call at the
JOHN .H. WOODBL'RV Institute, . 127 /West "
Forty-second St., New York, for treatment by
Static Electricity. - Consultation tree. . Charges
moderate.
34
RETURN LADEN
WITH GOLD FROM
THE KLONDIKE
Twenty Dawsorjites F^each Seat
tle With Over a Half-Million
SEATTLE, July 15.— The steamship
Cottage City arrived on the sound to
night with twenty men from Dawson
City. They came up the rivers and
lakt s in boats and over the pass to
Dyea, carrying gold bullion and drafts
to the value of over halfi a million dol
lars. A similar number of Klondikers,
with about the same amount of wealth,
are aboard the steamship City of Se
attle, which is due in this port to-mor
row morning. The latest of the parti
left Dawson on June 28.
Among the Cottage City's passengers
are Phil Dobson of Los Angeies, Henry
Cheney of Rochester, N. ST.. and Miller
and Vines, Eastern men, all of whom
have considerable money In drafts.
There axe also four brothers named
Butl.r of Ellsworth, Minn. As the re
sult of three years' work one of them
has about $200,000, the proceeds of the
spring wash-up and the sale of two
claims and a part of a third on Bo
nanza Creek.
Another passenger is H. M. Coleman,
representing companies from London,
England. He bought a, number of claims
in the Klondike country and he says
Dawson is now fairly humming with
excitement. The wash-up, which is
nearly concluded, has been perfectly
satisfactory and up to all conservative
calculations, '-he required payment of
royalties has resulted in an under es
timate of the reported amount taken
out. He estimates the output on which
duty is being paid to be over ten mil
lions. Mr. Coleman says that claims
24A, 688 and part of 21A on Bonanza
have proved quite rich. They were
bought by a Klondike pioneer from
Butler Brothers. Hunki r. Bear and
Eureka are exceeding highest expecta
tions and wonderfully rich strikes have
been made on bench diggings of El
dorado, Bonanza and French creeks and
Skoottum Gulch.
The passengers on the Cottage City
Bay thai most of the gold dust will go
<i"\\n the river and come out via St.
Michael. The banking facilities at
Dawson are now in good shape an>l
drafts are being issued for dust
brought in. Mounted police are guard
ing the gold belonging to the banks and
commercial companies that awaits
Bhipment to St. Michael. The Bank of
British North America received $250,
000 during the day prior to the depart
ure of one of thf- passengers.
Other men were corning into Dawson
laden with dust, which was in tins and
oth<r receptacles bound to horses,
which were heavily weighted.
The returning Klondik- -i -s report that
four river steamers — the Hamilton,
"Weare, Bella and May West — had ar
rived in Dawson. They had all win
tered at different points up the river.
No boat had arrived up to the latter
part of June from St. Michael.
BACK FROM COOKS INLET
WITH HARD LUCK TALES
Return of Thirty Prospectors Who
Embarked in a River Dredg
ing Enterprise.
TACOMA, July 15.— Thirty disgusted
prospectors who have arrived from
Cooks Inlet on the schooner Gold> n
Gate tell of great suffering and hard
ships experienced in trying to find gold
there. Ten passengers are from Troy,
N. V., where early this year H. Y.
Fuches organized them into a company
to dredge the streams running into
Cooks Inlet for gold. They paid Fuches
from $400 to $600 ea-oh, with which the
dredger was purchased. They found
the river beds full of rocks, through
which their clam-shell scoop could not
get to the golden sands below. The cur
rents were too swift to permit taking
the dredger far up the streams. The
dredger was sold for passage money
back to Puget So-und. Each member
except one had some money left, A
collection for the one man's benefit was
taken up aboard the schooner. It is
claimed that when Manager Fuches
declined to contribute some of his per
sonal effects were seized and sold for
$8. which was taken as his contribu
tion.
Every passenger on the Golden Gate
has a tale of woe to tell. Some tell of
mortgaged farms in the East, others
how they spent the savings of years on
this trip — how they staked everything
and lost. They declare that, while col
ors are numerou everywhere around
<V"k.s Inlet, all gold claims have been
taken and new-comers could not make
wages. Blistered hands and torn
clothes are shown In evidence of their
efforts at mining. Some of these men
intend earning money to take them to
Klondike. Others have wired East for
passage money home.
Another party of ten from New Ha
ven, Conn., prospected Little Sushitna
River, found colors and staked claims,'
but could not make them pay. Many
of these returned men admit that ex
perienced miners might succeed where
they failed.
One passenger claims that twenty
nine men have been drowned in Cooks
Inlet during the last four months. He
was unable to give the names oTthe.se
unfortunates, but says steamers com
ing later -will bring them. They were
"tenderfeet" and got caught in great
tide waves 20 and 30 feet high, which
rush up the inlet, sweeping everything
before them.
"SOAPY" SMITH'S CAREER
OF CRIME ENDED
Notorious Confidence Man Shot and
Killed by the City Engineer
of Skaguay.
SEATTLE, July in. — The Cottage
City brings news of the killing of the
celebrated gambler "Soapy" Smith. He
was shot a week ago by City Engineer
Smith of Skaguay.
"Soapy's" gang had robbed a man
named Stewart of $2700. Stewart came
from Dawson via the Dalton trail. He
reported his loss to a citizen's meeting
especially called, and held on the
wharf. "Soapy" and his gang pro
ceeded to break up the meeting.
"Soapy" was armed with a Winchester
rifle. City Engineer Smith, whose duty
it was to guard the wharf, refused to
allow "Soapy" on the wharf, whereup
on ho attempted to force his way, beat
ing the engineer on the head with the
butt end of his rifle.
In the scuflle "Soapy," it is believed,
intentionally shot his opponent in the
groin. The city engineer thereupon
drew his revolver and shot "Soapy"
twice, once in the leg and then in the
heart. He died instantly. An inquest
was subsequently held and his body
•was lying in the morgue when the Cot
tage City left.
About twenty of "Soapy's" gang
•were arrested, <md men armed with
rifles are patrolling the streets of
Skaguay, their determination being to
prevent any outbreak. The man who
killed "Soapy" was held for his own
safety, but no proceeding was taken
Dollars.
against him, as it was clearly evident
that his act was in self-defense.
"Soapy's" real name was Jeff Smith.
He was born in Southern Tennessee
and came from a good family. At the
time of his death he was 45 years old.
Ho was credited with the killing of
right men. As a sure thing gambler he
was known to nearly every man in
Alaska.
SECOND SHIP ARRIVES
WITH MEN AND GOLD
City of Seattle Brings Eighteen
Dawsonites and $600,000 in
Gold and Drafts.
VICTORIA, July 16.— The City of
Seattle arrived at 1 o'clock this morn
ing. It has on board eighteen Dawson
men with $460,000 in drafts and $143,000
in dust.
The City of Seattle brings the news
that Captain Teatman, with his troops
of soldiers, has reached Skaguay and
placed the town under martial law.
His men are now patrolling the town.
The Dawson men say the river is
very low and no more steamers will be
able to reach Dawson from down the
river. The steamers Hamilton and
May West left for St. Michael the day
before they left with $7,000,000 on board.
The steamer Tartar will be here to-day
with about a half million in gold on
board.
CONSIDERING THE
FORM OF GOVERNMENT
WASHINGTON, July 15.— The politi
cal status of Santiago, its method of
government and administration is now
receiving earnest attention from the
authorities here. For the present It Is
expected the military authorities will
have charge of affairs.
If the precedent of Manila is followed.
in which case General Merritt was sent
as military governor, then a military
official will be designated to administer
affairs at Santiago city and there
abouts. But it is appreciated that the
conditions are quite different at Santi
ago from those in Manila, as the Gov
ernment has disclaimed a purpose to
make territorial acquisition in Cuba
and has directed its efforts thus far to
making Cuba free and placing the Cu
bans in control. This condition may
lead to a consideration of the expedi
ency of allowing the Cubans themselves
to establish an administration of San
tiago, thus giving them an opportunity
to try their ability at directing civil
affairs and also giving them a foothold
on the island. In that event General
Garcia, being on the ground, would
doubtless figure prominently in the ad
ministration, although President Masso
and his Cabinet are said to be in the
adjoining province of Puerto Principe
and readily accessible at Santiago. No
determination has been reached, so far
as can be learned, as to the form of
administration, for until the surrender
itself is completed the authorities here
are not disposed to settle the details
of questions which naturally follow the
surrender.
It is felt, however, that an important
question of general policy hinges on the
action at Santiago, as it is the first Cu
ban territory to be acquired by our
army, and to some extent determina
tion as to its method of civil adminis
tration will serve as a precedent for the
civil administration of other parts of
Cuba when It is overrun by our army.
BROKERS AND BANKERS
PLAY POKER FOR BLOOD
Vast Sums Change Hands in a Little
Game of Draw at a New
York Hotel.
NEW YORK, July 15.— Wall street was
talking to-day of a game of draw poker
which was played on Wednesday in a fa
mous old hotel near the Stock Exchange,
in which the magnitude of losses sustain
ed by several of the players eclipsed any
thing heretofore heard of this side of the
Mississippi River. According to the story,
which was told from one end of "The
Street" to the other, four leading bro
kers and members of the Stock Exchange,
a railroad magnate from the West, who
controls one of the largest systems of
railroads in the country, and two bank
presidents, in whose vaults is deposited
wealth enough to take up several bond
issues, sat in a "little game."
A suggestion was made by one of the
players over an afternoon cocktail that he
would like to "win out" his expenses for
a European trip. Chips were valued at
$20 for whites^ $100 for reda and $100 for
blues, and when the banker dealt them
out in stacks of $5000 it was plain that th»
game was to be for "blood," as tho West
erner expressed it. Luck varied as the
game ran on. The Westerner "ran up
against" three aces with two small pairs
and then hold four threes against a pair
Of kings, drawine down only about $100
on tho hand. Then one of the Wall street
men drew to. a neart flush .and filled, but
when he called— as he did when $f>ooo or
$>;mxi was in the center of the table— he
found that he was beaten out by three
fours and a pair of kinßs. So the game
ran on with varying fortunes.
A rest was taken for dinner at 8 o'clock,
and then the game continued until dawn
was just breaking. A final jackpot of
the consolation variety wound up the
evening's entertainment, wnich had cost
one or the players between $26,000 and
$30,000 and another $21,000. Tup gentleman
who siiKgested a little game as a moans
of winning the expenses of his European
trip signed checks for a larger amount
and decided to draw still another check
for the expenses of his anticipated trip.
Dangerously Wounded Home.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., July 15.— The
United States transport Olivette arrived
at Old Point this afternoon, having on
board a number of men who were danger
ously wounded at the battle of Santiago.
None of them were landed, and the yes-
Bel s;illod at 5 o'clock for New York, where
the injured men will be treated. Among
the seriously wounded aboard are Major
Broflip, Major Ball, Maior McClintock,
Captain Knnx and Lieutenants Dever
eaux, Nicol, Fiscus and Rodgers.
Ordered to Proceed to Porto Rico.
CHARLESTON, S. C, July 15.— Orders
have been received for the troops under
General Wilson's command to proceed to
Porto Rico, but there are no Indications
that they are to move at once.
Bank of Spain Raising the Sinews.
MADRID, July 15, 7 p. m.— The Bank of
Spain has opened subscriptions for treas
ury bonds. Already 23,000,000 pesetas have
been taken.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
DEWEY CAPABLE
OF HANDLING THE
KAISER'S SHIPS
The Washington Authorities Trust
Him to Control Affairs at
Manila.
NEW YORK, July 15.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Although admitting that the
attitude of Germany in the Philippines
is extremely irritating it is the confi
dent belief of the authorities that Em
peror William will not push this Gov
ernment to extremes. This belief is
based on information which has
reached the authorities through official
channels of the causes wl ich actuated
the German warship Irene in prevent
ing the insurgents attacking the Span
iards at Subig Bay. I was told to-day
that the German Government holds the
position that Aguinaldo and the men
operating with him have never been
recognized l s belligerents by the United
States or by any other power and that
this Government does not publicly
recognize them even as allies. The Irene
prevented the insurgents from attack
ing the Spaniards for humanitarian
purposes and because her commander
did not think they had a recognized
place in warfare to conduct military
operations. As soon as the American
warships put in an appearance the
Irene, although almost equal in tonnage
to the two American ships, withdrew
and paid the representatives of the
naval power of the United States due
deference.
There is no disposition at present to
formally dispute this position, but the
explanation is looked upon with sus
picion. The treatment of Hear AdmiraJ
Dewey by the German commander-in
chief which has been reported to the
department is a matter for severe con
demnation, especially the non-observ
ance by the Germans of regulations
prohibiting vessels from moving about
the harbor at night. The authorities
are willing, however, to leave control
of matters at Manila in the hands of
Rear Admiral Dewey, as he is showing
excellent judgment and plenty of tact
in his treatment of disagreeable mci
WRECKED ON
TRIAL ISLAND
Steamship Tepic Goes
Ashore.
HAD A LARGE BARGE IN TOW
ENCOUNTERED A GALE IN THE
GULF OF GEORGIA.
Fate of the Captain and Crew in
Doubt, but It Is Believed That
They Escaped to the
Beach.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 15.— The
Union Steamship Company's steamer
Cuteh, which arrived from Wrangel
this morning, brought the news that
the steamer Tepic, owned by Captain
Cates, a well-known stevedore of this
city,, and her tow, a large barge, had
been wrecked on or near Trial Island
in the Gulf of Georgia. A gale was
blowing at the time and the captain of
the Cutch did not delay his vessel to
make inquiries, thinking he could be of
more assistance by hastening to this
port with the news.
A dispatch from Victoria late this
afternoon confirmed the report, and
help was immediately sent to the
distressed vessel. The Victoria report
stated that the Tepic had broken her
shaft in a gale and became unmanage
able. Her tow bothered her and she
drifted hekplessly on to Trial Island.
No particulars were received as to the
safety of the crew, but it is believed
all were landed safely.
The Tepic left here last night with
an immense barge, on which were
twelve patent dump coal cars for the
Esquimalt and Nanaimo Railway. The
barge was to be towed to Nanaimo.
The cars were costly affairs, and,
strange to say, not a cent of .nsurance
was put on them. When the Tepic
left the weather was calm, but an hour
later a gale sprang up.
The Tepic was a stanch little steamer
and for some time past has been en
gaged in towing in the harbor. It is
reported that she did not carry insur
ance. About twelve men all told
went with her and the tow.
Pending further particulars, friends
of Captain Cates and his crew are very
anxious. Trial Island is within a few
hours 1 sail of this port.
HE NEVER SAW TROOPS
DO BETTER FIGHTING
Bravery of the Americans at Santi
ago Declared Marvelous by a
German Officer.
NEW YORK, July 15.— A Portsmouth
(N. H.) special to the Herald says:
Count yon Goetzln, military attache of
the German Embassy at Washington,
who arrived here on the United States
steamer Harvard this morning, ex
pressed his opinion of the fighting of
our troops at Santiago. Count yon
Goetzln had made a careful study of
the movements of Shafter's army from
the time of its mobilization at Tampa
until after the battle of July 1 and 2.
He had made a large number of maps,
sketches of which he had with him this
morning, and from these and his report
to the German War Office the Emperor
and military men of Germany will form
their opinions of the value of the work
done by the contending armies from a
military point of view.
"The fighting of the Americans was
wonderfully done," said the count; "in
deed, it was a highly creditable battle
on both sides. I was on the hill at El
Paso, near Graham's battery, so that
I did not see the infantry charge on the
hill of San Juan. I only learned how
formidable the place was after It had
been taken. It appeared to me that
with a stronger enemy it would have
held out longer. The Spaniards at San
Juan fought well, but the Americana
fought better. The shooting of the
Spaniards was fairly good, but that of
dents which arise.
The Monterey, according to the de
partment's advices, left Honolulu on
July 1. It is believed in naval circles
that she will reach Manila by July 27.
The Monadnock will probably reach her
destination a few days later. With these
two monitors in Manila Bay Rear Ad
miral Dewey will have a force much
superior to that of Germany and will
be able to follow up any threat he
makes in case of formal Interference on
the part of Emperor William's ships.
Within five days the authorities ex
pect that the second army expedition
will reach Manila. I understand that
troops forming the second expedition
will land at Cavite and put themselves
in readiness to attack Manila just as
soon as Major General Merrltt arrives
at his destination. It is expected he
will reach Manila Bay with the third
expedition about August 1.
HARDLY COMMENTED
UPON AT BERLIN
The Irene Incident Regarded as "a
Rumor Intended to Create
Bad Feeling."
LONDON, July 16.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Times says: "The Irene in
cident is hardly commented upon here,
but the fact that no official denial is
forthcoming is worthy of note. The North
German Gazette declared that, so far as
it knew, no confirmation of the incident
has been received in official circles. The
National Gazette dismisses it as a 'rumor
intended to create bad feeling between
Germany and the United States.'
"The Vossische Zeitung recognizes the
importance of the fall of Santiago, but
emphasizes the fact that Cuba is in no
way lost to Spain, as Santiago is of 'no
strategic importance, now that Admiral
Cervera's squadron is destroyed."
"The military expert of the North Ger
man Gazette's staff suggests that it was
only the Spanish knowledge of the im
mense superiority of the American artil
lery which led to Santiago's capitulation."
the Americans was surprising. The
men sprang to their work with tremen
dous vigor. It was an important les
son, by which other nations may profit.
The dash and spirit displayed by the
Sixth and Sixteenth Infantry, which
came under my observation, was mar
velous. I never saw troops fight bet
ter."
ITALIAN SQUADRON IN
COLOMBIAN WATERS
Cerruti Claim Will Probably Be Set
tled Without Seizure of the
Custom-House.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— The State De
partment has been Informed that the Ital
ian squadron, under Admiral CandianJ,
has reached Colombian waters prepara
tory to making a demand on the republic
of Colombia for the Immediate payment of
$250,000 awarded by President Cleveland to
Ernesto Cerruti, an Italian citizen. It Is
not known that the squadron hay as yet
made the demand or that any force to
execute It has been exerted. On the con
trary, the department has been officially
advised that the admiral's instructions
are confined to making a demand for tho
"complete and speedy settlement" of the
award made by the President of the
United States. His Instructions do not go
to the extent of directing him to seize the
custom house at Cartagena as was at
first reported. Although the admiral Is
now prepared to exert force, the impres
sion prevails that the settlement will be
reached without the actual display or
arms.
ROME, July 15.— Admiral Candiani. It Is
asserted, has been instructed to await tho
assembling of the Colombian Congress at
Bogota, on July 20. and the election of a
new President of Colombia before taking
any definite action with reference to en
forcing the Cerrutl claim.
THE CRUISER HARVARD
MAY BE QUARANTINED
Much Sickness Among Spanish Pris-
oners Brought From Santi
ago to Portsmouth.
PORTSMOUTH, N. EL, July 15.-The
auxiliary cruiser Harvard, having on
board 100S Spanish prisoners, arrived In
Portsmouth harbor this morning. The
port physician boarded the vessel, and In
company with the Spanish doctor made
an investigation. It disclosed the fact
that nearly half on board are ill. Six
Spaniards died on the passage from San
tiago to Portsmouth, another death oc
curred this afternoon and three patients
were not expected to live until night.
There were forty serious cases In the
sick bay and forty equally as bad in other
portions of the ship. All these patients
are said to be victims of malarial fever,
with which disease those who died were
affected. The physicians will make a
further inspection of the vessel and de
termine whether or not she shall be sent
to quarantine. Owing to these conditions
nothing has been done in the line of prep
aration for landing the prisoners.
BIG DEMAND FOR THE
GOVERNMENT BONDS
One and a Quarter Billion Dollars
the Total Sum Offered by
Subscribers.
WASHINGTON, July 15. — Assistant
ADVERTISEMENTS.
colored tea. Try
a
TO OPEN PEACE
NEGOTIATIONS
WITHOUT DELAY
Spain Proposes as a Basis Re
nunciation of All Rights Over
Cuba.
LONDON, July 16.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph
says: The Government has definitely
decided to open peace negotiations
without delay; proposing as a basis the
renunciation of all rights over Cuba
and the immediate discussion of any
other reasonable proposals the United
States may make. Informal negotia
tions for peace are continued.
The Madrid correspondent of the
Standard says: The Curlist agitation
is assuming proportions in many of the
northern provinces, which may serve
as a fresh argument for intervention
on the part of Germany. The civil and
military authorities, according to in
structions from Ministers of the Inte
rior and War, are closely watching the
movements of Cariist emissaries.
MADRID, July 15.— A decree of the
Captain General of Madrid, which has
been affixed to the walls of this city,
says decrees suspending the constitu
tional guarantees throughout the king
dom have been published, and, a state
of war existing, it is ordered that no
meetings take place without the previ
ous authorization of the military au
thorities. It is also forbidden to pub
lish, without previous authorization,
any writings, engravings or designs
whatever.
The decree concludes with specifying
the punishment which will be meted out
to those who disregard theorders is
sued.
The peace tendency is Increasing. The
general public takes a favorable view
of the suggestion that the powers
should attempt the re-establishment of
peace, but, it is said, contrary to the
reports current, that France has not
Secretary Vanderlip said to-night cor
rected figures show that the total sub
scriptions to the war bond issue amount
In round numbers, including syndicate
bids, to $1,365,000,000.
Mr. Vanderlip states that those sub
scriptions for amounts below $5000 will be
allotted, those for exactly that amount
will be awarded part of it, and the sub
scriptions for amounts above $500 will to
tal J770.000.000.
In speaking of the bond issue to-day
Secretary Gage said the rirst issue of the
bonds would be made on the 26th of the
present month and from that time for
ward shipments would be made up to the
full capacity of the Bureau of Engraving
and Printing.
In due course the successful subscrib
ers will be officially advised of the accept
ance of their subscriptions and all those
fortunate ones ought to receive such ad
vices by August 1 or at the latest, for the
most remote points, by August 5.
The official notice will cover full partic
ulars a.« to how to make payment, and
thus misunderstanding and derangement
will be avoided.
EXCITING GAME ON
BALTIMORE'S DIAMOND
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. ! Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Cincinnati ..51 26 .662 New York...3S 35 .521
Boston 47 28 .627 Philadelphia 32 39 .4al
Cleveland 45 2!> .609 [Brooklyn ....30 41 .423
Baltimore ...43 29 .597 j Washington 2'J 45 .3?2
Chicago ...45 33 .f.77 1 Louisville ...27 52 .342
Plttsburg ...40 34 .Ml Ist. Louis 23 56 .291
BALTIMORE, July 15.— The Orioles
made a garrison finish to-day, and won
out In the nin^n Inning-. With the score
5 to 3 against them, Chicago went to bat
In the ninth and scored six runs on two
triples a double, a single and a base on
balls and two errors. In their half the
Baltimores solved Woods' delivery for five
singles and a double and won the game
with one man out. Everett and McCor
miok indulged in a fist fight on the
visitors' bencn, the result of badinage as
to which was accountable for an error.
Grand stand patrons separated the bel
ligerents, but MrCormick was too badly
used up to continue play. Attendance
1200. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Baltimore 1" li 1
Chicago ..••".••'••••••••"•••••••••••••••■ ■ * ' * 8 " *
Batteries— Nops and Clarke: Woods and
Donohue. Umpires— and Rnyder.
NEW YORK. July 15.— The Brooklyns
won a twelve-Inning game from the
Browns this afternoon. Miller started in
to pitch for the home team, but was
taken ill in the second inning and quit,
Dunn taking his place. Attendance 700.
Score: ''■'vs- _ ■ _, _
• Clubs- R. H. E.
Brooklyn 3 12 1
St.-Louls 2TTB,.2 TT B ,. 2
Batteries— Miller, Dunn and Ryan: Hughey
and Sudden. Umpires— Gaffney and Brown.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— Wrigley's er
ror in the seventh gave Cleveland the
game. Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs- R- H. E.
Washington 4 12 4
Cleveland •■•■■• 6 9 1
Battprles— Weyhlni? and MrGulre: Wilson
and O'Connor. Umpires— Swartwond and Wood.
PHILADELPHIA, July 15.— The Phillies
easily defeated Cincinnati to-day. Dwyer
was "hit hard, and was relieved by Hill,
while the Reds could do very little with
Fifield's pitching. Attendance 3400. Score:
Clubs— R - H. E.
Cincinnati 3 4 3
Philadelphia ..... •••••• 7 14 4
Batteries— Dwyer, Hill and Vaughn; FifiVld
and McFarland. Umpires— Emslle and Hunt.
BOSTON, July 15.— The Champions
played wretchedly In the field to-day, were
weak at the bat and were shut out by
Pittsburg. Attendance 1800. Score:
Clubs- H. H. E.
Pittsburgh 6 9 1
Boston 0 7 4
Batteries— Tannehlll and Bowerman; Lewis
, taken the initiative.
The Minister for "War, General Cor-
I rea, is quoted as saying in an interview
: that he thought peace might be ar
ranged on the following terms:
The United States and Spain to
agree to let the Cubans decide by a
plebiscite whether they desire inde
pendence or autonomy under the suzer
ainty of Spain. The Governments to
agree to abide by. the result of the
plebiscite. In the event of the Cubans
voting for independence the United
| States to allow Spain nine months in
j which to withdraw her army, gradual
| ly and dignifiedly, from Cuba as sol
! diers should, after having fought like
heroes.
Continuing, the Minister for War
said: "We ought to retain Porto Rico
' at all costs, in order to be always near
J Cuba, of which the Americans will be
I able to despoil us in course of time,
! and in order to more easily communi-
I cate with the South American repub
lics, which daily display the greatest
enthusiasm for Spain.
"As to the Philippine Islands, it is
certain we will retain them, even
though the Americans succeed in oc
cupying Manila, of which place their
occupation will be most brief. An offi
cial dispatch announces that the rebel
chiefs and Americans will not always
agree, which is to Spain's advantage.
"The Government has formed a
scheme which will not only assure
Spain the possession of the Philippine
Islands, but which will restore their
tranquillity."
Premier Sagasta declares that neither
government in Cuba has interfered in
j the negotiations for the surrender of
j Santiago de Cuba. He adds that the
! surrender came within the province of
! General Toral and under his responsi
i bility, and the general simply an
i nounced the garrison had capitulated.
and Bergen. Umpires— C/Day and McDonald.
NEW YORK, July 15.— The Colonels
broke the Giants' winning streak, scoring
a victory through the erratic pitching or
Meokin and errors by Doyle and Van
Haltren at critical stages of the game.
Attendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 4 10 3
Louisville 5 8 1
Batteries— Meekln and Warner; Cunningham
and Kittredge. Umpires— Lynch and Andrews.
TROUBLE WITH GERMANY
NOT ALL DUE TO WAR
Exclusion Decrees Against American
Products the Cause of Much
Friction.
NEW YORK, July 15.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: In addition
to the trouble relating to tne Philippines,
there is considerable friction between this
Government and Germany in relation to
the exclusion decrees of the German Gov
ernment directed against United States
products. It appears that, acting upon
very scant evidence, as it was regarded
by our officials, German customs officers
have denied admission Into Germany of a
very large and valuable consignment of
boned ham from a Chicago packing
establishment of highest reputation. The
matter has been placed in the hands of
Embassador White, he being thoroughly
familiar with all the aspects of the meat
exclusion decree. Vigorous correspond
ence has since been in progress.
FOUND DEAD IN BED.
Sudden Passing of a Newspaper Man
at Portland.
PORTLAND, July 15.-Frank M. Green,
a newspaper man aged 28, who came to
Portland from San Francisco, was found
dead in his room in the Imperial Hotel
this morning. Death had resulted from
paralysis of the heart and congestion of
the lungs.
Dr. Hamilton Meade knew Green in
Minneapolis seven years ago. Green, the
doctor said, had come to Portland from
San Francisco about a week ago and was
employed by an Eastern newspaper syn
dicate. He was sent to San Francisco to
write up the departure of the troops for
the Philippines and had been there since
Camp Merritt was established.
CHINESE STORES BURNED.
Conflagration Rages in the St. Helena
Chinatown.
9T HELENA, July 15.-Half of the local
Chinatown was destroyed by fire to-night,
causing a loss of about $8000. The fire
began in the joss house from an over
turned candle, and quickly spread to the
stores on the floor below. The Chinese
were dazed and made no effort to subdue
the flames, nor even to give, an alarm.
Finally, after six stores had been burned,
a volunteer fire brigade managed to check
the flames, which were confined to the
Mongolian district. The owners of the
buildings destroyed are Dr. T. E. Davis,
J. R. Logan and Frank Sciaroni.
HAS FILED ARTICLES
OF INCORPORATION
Bishop Nichols to Have Sole Charge
of Episcopal Church
Property.
REDWOOD CITY, July 15.— William
Ford Nichols, Bishop of the Protestant
Episcopal church of California, has just
tiled articles of incorporation by which
he becomes a sole corporation under the
title of the Protestant Episcopal BishoD
of California.
The articles are drawn to comply with
section 602 of the Civil Code of California,
and set forth fulh- the manner of the
•appointment of the Bishop and the pro
ceedings necessary to fill a vacancy. .
As proof of the appointment or election
of himself as the Protestant Episcopal
Bishop of California there is annexed to
the articles of Incorporation a copy of the
certificate and letters of consecration,
signed by J. Williams, Bishop of Con
necticut 'and presiding Bishop; Charles
Todd Quintard, Bishop of Tennessee ■;
Henry A. Neely, Bishop of Maine; O. W.
Whitaker, Bishop of Pennsylvania; A. N.
Llttlejohn, Bishop of Long Island; Wil
liam Woodruff *Niles. Bishop of New
Hampshire; John Scarborough, Bishop of
New Jersey; Courtland Whitehead, Bishop
of Pittsburg; H. C. Potter, Bishop of New
The letters of consecration are certified
to by J. Livingston Roese. registrar of the
general convention of that branch of the
Holy Catholic church known as tha
Prntestn^t Episcopal Church in tha
United States of America. *»_*__
Bishop Nichols residf-s at San Mateo.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
T>nHfic Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— Pacific Coast
pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original-Michael Barry,
San Francisco, $10; George W. Kelt™,
Los Gatos, $S. Increaso-Samuel Bailey,
Santa Rosa, $S to $12. Mexican War Sur
vivors-Increase, Tillman Blair Jones,
San Francisco. $S to $12; Mexican W
widcrws-Mafy Bierling Feix, San Fran-
I'oregX: Original - William Norton,
H llsboro, $fi. Increase-J'imes Hickinan,
Wallola. $6 to $S. Original widow, etc.-
Lisetto Lorenz, Mnckesburg. JB.
Washington: Originrd-Special JWy 7,
James E. Houghtnn. Spokane $10. Oriel...
al widow etc.— Hermina McGann, *ort
Walla Walla, $12.
Murat Halstead 111 at Honolulu.
HONOLULU, July B.— Murat Halsteal,
the famous politician, editor and histo
rian, is in this city. He arrived by the
transport Newport yesterday morning.
Since leaving San Francisco Mr. Halstead
has been suffering with a slow fever, ana
soon after reaching Honolulu was trans
ferred from the ship to the local hospital,
where he now is and likely to remain for
some days to come. He may decide to
return to San Francisco, unless there Is a
marked improvement in his condition.
Succumbed to 111 Health in Hawaii.
HONOLULU, July B.— John Mason
jackson of Chicago, aged 39 years, died
here on the 6th inst. The deceased had
been in Honolulu for several months. Ha
had been superintendent of the W estern
Electric Company of Chicago but was
forced to resign on account of ill health.
His body will up. embalmed here and
shipped to his late home for final inter
ment.
Backed Off the Grade.
LARKSPUR, July 15.— During the Fall
of the Bastile celebration at Escalles,
half a mile from here, last night, a horse
driven by Mrs. L. E. White of San Fran
cisco became frightened at the fireworks
and backed off the grade. Mrs VV hite
and a lady companion were both badly
bruised and fainted from fright. The
horse was injured and had to be shot.
Need Pay No Tax.
WALNUT CREEK. July 15.— The post
master here, who has sent his money or
der funds through checks drawn by A.
Lebrecht & Co. of this place on the First
National Bank of San Francisco, received
a ruling from the Postoffice Department
stating that though these checks are is
sued by a private firm they are Govern
ment checks and no revenue stamps need
to be affixed to them.
Chinese Worthy of Citizenship.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— The State De
partment posts a bulletin stating that Ad
miral Dewey pays a high tribute to the
Chinese on board the American ships at
the battle of Manila and suggests that
they should receive recognition by being
made citizens of the United States.
O'Melveny Heard From.
LOS ANGELES, July 15.— 1t is stated
to-night by friends that word has been
received from Edward H. Q'Melwny. pres
ident of the California Truck Company,
of this efty, who disappeared several days
ago under peculiar circumstance*. . J£e .'ij
supposed to be in San Francisco*-
Health of the Pope.
ROME, July 15.— 1n consequence of the
persistent and sinister rumors in circula
tion, Dr. Lapponi, the physician of tho
Pope, has issued an emphatic denial 'of
the report that the Pontiff is suffering
from a paralytic attack.
Macias' Family Bound for Spain.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. L, July 15.— The
family of Captain General Macias of Porto
Rico passed here to-day on an Italian
steamer bound for Spain.
San Diego Postoffice Sub-Station.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— 0n August 4
a sub-station of the postoffice at San
Diego will be established.
DIAMONDS AND LIQUOR
WERE THEIR BOOTY
BURGLARS MAKE A RICH HAUL
IN A SALOON.
The Annex, a Beach Resort, Entered
and Robbed of Whisky
and Three Rings.
The "Annex," a resort run In connec
tion with the Ocean Beach Pavilion at tha
corner of Ocean boulevard and B street,
was burglarized In a clever manner yes
terday morning. The burglars secured a
large quantity of liquor and three dia
mond rings which had been left in the
cash register.
Henry Doscher, the proprietor of tha
saloon, closed up about 12 o'clock Wednes
day night, and when the place was opened
at 6 the next morning it was discovered
that an entrance had been made through
one of the front windows. The burglars
had been very systematic in their work,
creating but little disturbance about tha
place. The putty on the window gla^s
had been carefully removed, the pane
taken out and laid on the ground without
breaking. After gaining an entrance tha
robbers took about twenty bottles of
whisky from the shelves and three dia
mond rings, which Fred Aldrich, the step
son of the proprietor, had left in the cash
register.
The police have been notified of tha
burglary, and as they suspect who fs re
sponsible for it the chances are the guilty
ones will soon be apprehended.MAJOR GENERAL OTIS AND
REGULAR TROOPS SAIL
THE event in the Eighth Army
Corps yesterday was the sailing
of the fourth expedition of troops
to the Philippines. An Incident,
attaining almost the dignity of
an event, was the moving of the New
York regiment from Camp Merritt to
the Presidio. From this tin— forward
the Presidio will gain in Importance as
a military' station. Several regiments
are under ord rs to leave Camp Mer
ritt for the scene of operations in the
Orient and their departure will ma
terially diminish the size of that camp.
Meanwhile a pressure Is being exerted
to obtain authority to move the lowa
and Kansas regiments to the reserva
tion.
REGULARS SAIL
FOR THE ORIENT
Depnrture of the Peru and City
of Puebla With Troops of
Fourth Expedition.
The fleet of small craft out to pee the
transports away was not a large one. The
river steamer Alvlra was out with the
Red Cross and their friend?, the Grace
Rarton took a large crowd of excursion
ists, and the Millie also hud a crowd
aboard.
The State tug Governor Markham con
veyed the friends of the Harbor Commis
sioners, while the Governor Perkins had
the friends of the Hoard of Health. Sev
eral gasoline launches were out and all
were gay with bunting. The best dressed
boat In the bay was the red stack tug
Joseph 11. Redmond. It had on board a
party of friends of the directors of the
Shipowners' and Merchants' Towboat
Company.
About 1 p. m. Major General E. S. Otis,
Brigadier General 11. O. <>tis. Major Gen
eral Merriam and staff and a number of
Infantry officers boarded the quartermas
ter's boat. General McDowell, and wei t
out to the transports. At the Puebla
Major General Otis went aboard, after
saying good-by to bis friends on the
steamer. The McDowell then went over
to the Peru and back to the Puebla again.
A visit was paid the major general
aboard, and about 3 p. m. the transports
TOM GRANT OF THE NEW YORKERS
I 'tan to heave up anchor preparatory
to B start.
Into the teeth of a wind that was blow-
Ing a veritable pale from the west, the
transports Peru and the City of Puebla
passed through the Golden Gate shortly
after 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Th«
scenes attendant upon the departure of
the two vessels were similar to those that
have been witnessed when former expedi
tions have sailed away, and there was no
lack In the enthusiasm or cordiality with
which the departing were accorded a
royal good -by. It was a few minutes
after 3 o'clock when the shrieking 01
every whistle in the harbor and along the
water front announced the fact that the
ships had weighed anchor and were off
for their long voyage to the distant East.
The Peru led the way with the City of
I'uc-bla bringing up the rear a half a mile
tern, and with a number of small ves
sels escorting both. The latter turned
back when oft Black Point owing to the
roughness of the water. The bay was
covered with a mass of white caps, whila
off Fort Point and In the Golden Gate
the waves were running rough and high
Out beyond the Heads the sea was ex
ceedingly heavy, and when the vessels
left the choppy water of the bay and were
fairly out upon the Pacific, they began to
roll and plunge In a manner that indi
cated an alarming degree of "mm de
irer for the poor unfortunates aboard
There was an exceedingly large crowd
out to bid the soldiers and General ! OUs
oO iy and Rodspeed. From the Pacific
Mail dock to Black Point the water front
was lined with people, who cheered and
waved flags until the two vessels passed
and were lost to sight through the Golden
oate. The men aboard both vessels lined
the decks, climbed the masts and hung
out of the portholes to have a last
view of their native land. Between the
noise of the whistles and the cheers of the
people upon the shore the boys In blue
Bent back a wave of counter cheers that
could be heard even upon the top of Tele
graph Hill, despite the howling of th«
wind. Those that had provided them
selves with flags waved them to their
friends upon land, while those that had
not the national ensign made their hats
Ferve the same purpose.
Many people went out upon tugs, and
for a while after the vessels left they
kept pace with them, but after rounding
the point at Telegraph Hill the smaller
craft began to fall behind until when Fort
Mason was reached the transports had
left the smaller vessels astern, and they
then turned back, blowing a last good-by
with their whistles.
From Aleatraz and Fort Mason salutes
were fired in honor of Major General Oils
and the men who have sailed under him.
The guns from the Island were the first
to begin, and as the Peru was passing, the
Iron dogs of war barked twelve times In
quick succession. The men acknowledged
the honor by cheering so loud that their
voices could be heard above the noise of
the guns. Ah the Peru breasted Black
Point the guns of Fort Mason took up the
salute begun at AJcatraz, and for fifteen
minutes the n6J*e of the whistles along
the shore was drowned by the deeper and
stronger reverberations of war. While the
City of Puebla passed the forts without a
palute being fired, the men upon this
vessel were cheered to the echo, and they
answered with a will that bespoke the
Intense determination in the heart of each
to ,°, , or die if that extremity need be to
uphold the honor of Old Glory.
Not only was the entire 'water front
lined with people, but the prominent
points of vantage In the city which com
mand a good view of the bay were nlso
crowded with persons. It was generally
remarked that an unusually large number
of ladles were out to see the vessels sail.
Many of th , ; gazed at the transports as
they glided through the water and said
not anything, for since the departure of
the First California" Regiment no expedi
tion has carried away bo many brave sol
diers who were native to the 'State The
majority of them are In the companies of
the Fourteenth Infantry and the Fourth
Cavalry. - ..- -
> After passing Fort Mason both vessels
bore across the bay toward Lime Point
In order to. take as much advantage as
possible of the smooth water caused by
that promontory. Then they headed
straight for the ocean and passed over the
bar and out of sight. The crowd lingered
until the ships had disappeared from view
and nothing more remained to he Keen,
and more than one turned with reluctance
anA with heavy hearts sought their homes
to hegln their long wait until news shall
come from the dear ones who have gone.
It was a noticeable fact that after the
vessels had started the City of Puebla
seemed to be making the greater head
way. She did not breast the point of Tel
egraph Hill until the Peru was a half
mile farther out, but then ft was Been
that she was slipping through the water
with greater ease and more speed, so that
when the transports reached tHe Golden
Gate the Puebla had closed up nearly half
the sap that separated her from the Peru.
So close were the vessels together at this
point that there is no doubt but that the
soldiers on one vessel could easily distin
guish friends on the other steamer.
The majority of those who witnessed
the departure of the vessels sought the
water front, and next to the Pacific Mail
dock the greatest crowd was upon Meiggs
wharf. Many hundreds of people congre
gated thero and tn the vicinity, and when
the ships hove In sight they did all in
their nower tn let those aboard know
that thoy were sorry to have them go.
Many of those on Meigps wharf shouted
messages to the boys in blue, all forgetful
that their voices were lost in the noise of
the whistles and th.> booming guns. In
numerable good wishes for success and
a safe return followed in the wake of
those two vessels as they sailed so brave
ly out of a friendly harbor, and one old
woman who stood among the crowd upon
the shore breathed a prayer so loud for
the return of her only son that those
about her heard it. and as if in respect
ror hrr sacrifice and sorrow drew apart
that sho might be alone with her thoughts
that were too sacred for intrusion All
that she asked, and she did no more than
hundreds of others, was that God would
be with her boy nnd bless him. and that
if !t was his will she prayed that ho
might be scared to return in safety and
health to gladden her declining years
Thus the fourth expedition sailed away
Into history and the distant Orient.
EIGHTH CALIFORNIA.
Colonel Henshaw Solves the
Problem of Draining the
Camp.
CAMP RARRETT. Bather Station. Ca!..
July 15.— Colonel Park Henshaw believes
he has solved the problem of camp sani
tation as far iis waste water from the
kitchens is concerned. When the regiment
went Into ramp a large catch ba^in was
dug in the center of the space south of
the line of company streets. A small
trench from each company's kitchen car
ried the waste water from the faucets.
but ft was discovered that the adobe
would not absorb it. and In a short time
the basin would be overflowing. Wells
w. re sunk to the gravel bed. and the
water will be turned Into them. It is be
lieved that the water will be carried off
In the gravel. If this falls, then connec
tion will be made with the Fruitvale
sewer. The sanitary condition of the camp
is all that could be desired.
A detail of men placed a flapnole in
front of Colonel Henshaw's quarters this
afternoon, and Old Glory was run up for
the first time. The detail saluted the flag
with three cheers after their work wan
completed. A*ter dress parade to-night
one of the companies marched to the col
ors and gave three cheers. The band
paraded at 7:30 o'clock and played
■■America" while the flag was lowered.
It will be raised at reveille— 5:20 o'clock—
each morning hereafter, the band turning
out in force for the ceremony. Colonel
Henshaw will make application for a gun
to tire at sunrise ami sunset while the
regiment remains in camp, so as to have
the regular army ceremony.
Captain M. W. Simpson. Company G,
nf Aiameda. who was officer of the day
to-day. 1p one of the b*>st ttu liclans !n
the regiment. While on duty this after
noon he approached the guard tent, but
no attention was paid to his movements.
Finally he called to the sr-ntry and asked:
"What is the matter with post No. 1?"
No answer was received until the third
summons, when the sentry replied:
"Nothing."
"Why don't you call out the guard?"
was the next question.
The guard was caught and stood look
ing on in wonderment. One of the ser
geants saw the trouble find, running to
the sentry, tolil him to call out the guard.
The sentry was unable to comprehend
the situation and stood motionless. Some
one else broke out with:
"Officer of the day. turn out the guard."
In a moment the men were in line, but
it took the young captain a half hour or
more to drill the guard In this duty. He
read them a strong lecture and advised
all to study up on guard duty before they
were again detailed for sentry service.
A Christian Endeavor Society has been
organized in the regiment with D. C.
Preston. Company F, afi president; G. L.
Mrison, Company X, secretary; F. Horn,
Company M, treasurer, and F. B. Short
ridge, Company L, chairman lookout
committee. Among those enrolled at
present are Privates Goff, F. E. New
ton, C. B. Howard. A. B. Daly, M. Dan
na and J. Johnson, Company X; Jesse
Rorke and C. F. Menzler. Company I; \V.
F. Lenard and E. P. Wells, Company F;
Harry Nicholes and W. F. Brown. Com
pany" E; A. E. Holt. Company M: J.
Phelps. Company A; Private Corle, Com
pany H.
Surg* >n W. F. Dudley. M.D.. has been
promoted to be a major and assigned
cuarge of the Eighth Regiment, vice Ma
jor and Surgeon George F. Shiels. pro
moted. Assistant Surgeon J. D. Yost takes
the vacancy, and C. D. Me.Gettlgan of
Sacramento has been appointed as sec
ond assistant surgeon.
The detail for guard duty to-night con
sisted of Captain J. J. Cahlll. Company
A. of Chlco. officer of the day: First Lieu
tenant C. K. Megget. Com pan v D of San
Rafael, officer of the guard; First Lieu
tenant M. \V. Stockdale, Company C of
Potaluma. super-officer of guard; five
sergeants, two corporals and sixty-four
privates.
Several men were taken to the hospital
to-day suffering from minor ailments.
Sprained ankles, severe colds and bowel
troubles are the prevailing complaints re
quiring attention.
The flag presentation Is now set for
Monday afternoon on the parade ground
.lust before or at dress parade. The flag
is the gift of patriotic citizens of Oak
land.
The Catholics In camp will attend mass
Sunday at St ''i| 7 ,abeth's Church, Rev.
Gerard Becher pastor.
The Christ Inn Endeavorers have been
Invited to attend the State convention
"Echo" meeting at the Tenth avenue
Baptist Church at 7:2 ft o'clock Sunday.
Many members of <\>mpnny D and
Company B will attend services Sunday
evening at the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church.
MORE BAD BACON.
Colonel B^-rry, Seventh Cali
fornia, Will Ask for a
Board of Survey.
There wns mutiny yesterday In the
ranks of the Seventh California, and for
good reason. The men of Company G got
up to a breakfast of bread and gravy,
and none too much of that. It was an
unstable diet for a crowd of husky men
of whom six hours' hard drilling was ex
pected, so the men flativ refused to go
out to drill until a fit meal should be
furnished them. After promises of full
rations and argument on the part of their
officers the men finally fell In and did
their duty as soldiers without further
complaint.
The reason for the troulle Is the vil
lainous bacon that has been issued by the
commiHsary department.
Colonel Berry last evening made re
quest upon Brigadier General Otis for a
board of survey, which will be detailed
to-day.
BRIGADIER OTIS.
The General and Staff Decide
to Sail on the Steamer
Pennsylvania.
It wns announced at Brigadier General
Otis' headquarters last evening that the
general and his staff would embark upon
the steamer Pennsylvania instead of upon
the St. Paul, ns was the original inten
tion. General Otis says that he may
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUEDAT, JULY 16, 1898.
again change his mind as to his boat, but
that as It stands now he will go aboard
the Pennsylvania.
General Otis further states that It Is not
his intention to stop with the fleet at
Honolulu. The celebration there will be
! In the hands of the major general, and the
| brigadi'T says that he has no time for it,
i and will, consequently, hurry through to
the front.
HEALTH OF THE TROOPS.
Regulations at Camp Merritt
to Prevent the Spread of
Infectious Diseases.
Every safeguard Is to be thrown about the
health of the men at Camp Merritt. and
everything that can be done will be done to
THIRTY-ONE YEARS IN THE GUARD.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL HORATIO POTTER STACPOLE, First
New York Volunteers.
Tall and as straight as an arrow, of a goodly six feet, nnd with a most soldier
ly and commanding appearance, Lieutenant Colonel Horatio Potter Staepole looks
every inch of him th.j soldier that he Is. Governor Black in appointing him to J.he
lieutenant colonelcy of the First New York regime*, paid but a fitting compli
ment to his thirty-one years of faithful service In the National Guard of his na
tive State. Colonel Btacpoie is 49 years of ape and was burn in Albany, N. V.,
where he has resided ever since. On the 6th of May, ISG7. he enlisted as a private
In Company B of the Tenth Battalion of Albany. Ten years later he was elected
captain of the same company and served In this capacity for fourteen years, when
he was chosen major of the famous battalion. He held this office when the war
broke out. but resigned it to accept the lieutenant colonelcy of the First New
York, inasmuch as the entire Tenth Battalion, composed of Companies A, B. C
and D, all of Albany, were selected by Governor Black to form the First Battalion
of the regiment now here. Colonel Staepole's connection with the National Guard
of New York has been a brilliant one. and to his own personal endeavors is largely
due the high state of efficiency of that guard. The Tenth Battalion Is considered
to be the finest military organization in the State. Company B was organized in
1554, Company A in 1880 and companies C and D shortly afterward. During the
war the Tenth Battalion was known as the One Hundred and Seventy-seventh
Volunteers, of the Tenth Regiment, but resumed Its old name after being mus
tered out of the service, ami Colonel Btacpoie declares that if the four companies
are spared to return to their native State they will again ba known as the
famous and reliable Tenth Battalion of Albany.
prevent a spread of the two or three Infec
tious diseases that are constantly being
found in one corner or another of the
camp. Typhoid fever claimed another
victim yesterday in Private Zeb Stafford
of Company C, First Tennessee, who died
at the Marine Hospital.
To preclude a possibility of any spread
of diseases among soldiers or civilians.
General Miller yesterday issued the fol
lowing rigid order. It excepts no one:
General Order No. 2.
Pursuant to recommendation of chief sur
geon. Independent Division, Kiphth Army
Corps, nil persons, whether officers, enlisted
men or citizens, not connected with the Hos
pital Corps of this command are prohibited
from entering any of the hospitals within this
command without first procuring a written
consent of the commanding officer of the regi
ment or detachment, or of the surgeon In
charge of the hospital. Consent to visit hos
pitals will be granted only for urgent reasons.
By command of
BRIGADIER GENERAL MILLER.
In a day or so another order will issue,
requiring regimental surgeons who wish
to send men to outside hospitals to send
them first to the division hospital. This
order is necessary so that the records
may bo kept complete. A number of cases
have arisen where, all trace of men from
different regiments has been lost for a
week at a time, through their having been
rushed off to one or the other of the nu
merous hospitals.
Major Owens of the division hospital has
received word that his requisition for a
1200-bed hospital and medical supplies
had been approved at Washington. He
■will immediately begin putting: matters in
shape for the Philippine*. His equipment
and supply are based on vi sick rate of 10
per cent., the. pro rata required by British
army regulations in the Indian service.
Private Bartlett of the Twentieth Kan
sas, who died on Wednesday from spinal
meningitis, was interred yesterday in the
Presidio plat.
Private Albert Stowell of the Seventh
California died at the French Hospital
yesterday after several days of suffering
from pneumonia.
Woodland Recruiting Office.
A recruiting office for the regular army
will be established rff Woodland to-day.
The office will be opened by First Lleu
tenant Delamere Skerrett, Third United
States Artillery, and all applicants who
are able to pass the mental and physical
examination will be readily accepted. The
Third Artillery is one of the best regi
ments of the army, and will soon be re
cruited up to the maximum strength
under the law. The grade of the service
is high and the standing of this particu
lar regiment is not excelled.
EIGHTH ARMY CORPS.
Plans of Sailing Changed— The
Steamers Not Required to
Sail in Squadron.
Orders left by Major General Otis yes
terday materially change the original
plans for dispatching the fifth Philippine
expedition.
Instead of sailing as a flotilla on or
about the 25th, the boats will sail Inde
pendently and just as soon as they can be
loaded.
The Pennsylvania, carrying the First
Montana and recruits of the First Cali
fornia, will get away on Monday. Colonel
Kessler will have his heavy equipment
loaded aboard to-day, and exiects to
break camp on Sunday, possibly not until
Monday morning.
Pursuant to orders from General Miller,
he yesterday detailed Quartermaster Sea
dorf and Lieutenant Knowlton to take
charge of the quartermaster's and com
missary's departments, and detailed Ser
geant Klpley and six privates to guard the
steamer.
Colonel Frost, with two battalions of
the First South Dakota Volunteers, ex
pects to get away on Tuesday on the Rio
de Janiero. Lieutenant Murray and Lieu
tenant Horting. quartermaster and com
missary, will begin loading heavy stuff to
day. Sergeant Dool'.ttle and six privates
have been detached to guard the vessel.
ATTORNEYS ACCUSED
OF SHARP PRACTICE
J. J. GUILFOYLE AND B. HAS
KELL IN BAD ODOR.
They Entered a Dismissal to a Suit
in Violation of an Order Made
by Judge Hunt.
Although the amount Involved in the
litigation over a one-quarter Interest In
the schooner "Christina Steffens," in
which Dietrich Poll appears of record as
plaintiff, and R. A. Gilbridge as defend
ant, is not large enough to startle a capi
talist, the attorneys in the case appear to
have, taken too great an interest.
Two of them, in consequence, Haskell
and J. J. Gullfoyle Jr., are in bad odor
in Judge Hunt's department of the Supe
rior Court and, in the mind of the court,
are guilty of "sharp practice."
Attorney Andrew Thome originally rep
resented the plaintiff. Last Friday Has
kell, who represents the defendant, ap
peared in court and stated that he had
an affidavit which he wished to tile charg
ing Thorne with dereliction of duty.
Thorne immediately demanded that the
affidavit be filed, much to the surprise of
Haskell, and in consequence the latter be
gan to wilt. No demand made by Thorne
was obeyed and he called upon the court
to compel Haskell to make good his
charges. Haskell still refused, and the
court exonerated Thorne and sarcastical
ly touched Haskell up for his backdown.
Yesterday Haskell appeared in court
with the plaintiff, Poll, and Attorney Guil
foyle, and on the motion of Poll, Guil
foyle was substituted as his attorney in
place of Thorne. In making the order
substituting the attorneys, however,
Judpo Hunt remarked that it looked like
an effort to deprive Thorne of his fee. In
order to defeat such a purpose the court
made an entry on the order stating that
no dismissal of tho action should be en
tered or filed and that all proceedings
should be stayed. Notwithstanding the
order of the court, Guilfoyle and Haskell
went to the County Clerk's office and en
tered a dismissal of the action. The fact
was discovered by Ambrose Watson,
clerk of Judge Hunt's court, and he in
formed tho court. Judge Hunt immediate
ly ordered the entry of dismissal canceled
and the papers returned to the attorneys.
This was done, but the end is not yet.
In all probability the lawyers will be call
ed to time for the flagrant disregard to
the order of court made in their presence.
HORSESHOERS WILL MEET.
Officers of Mechanics' Athletic
Union Preparing for the Forth
coming Tournament.
Preparations are being actively pressed
for the opening meeting of the Mechan
ics' Athletic Union at Central Park on
July 31.
From present indications the new or
ganization will be ushered into existence
in an auspicious fashion. The initial con
test will be in the form of a mammoth
horse-shoeing tournament, the first event
of its kind to be held in America, or, for
that matter, nny place in the world.
Turning contests have been held before
where prizes were given for the best
horseshoe turned out in the shortest
space of time, but races wherein not only
are the shoes turned out of the solid bar
but fitted to a horse as well, will be first
produced at the coming tournament at
Central Park.
The event Is already attracting great
interest among the army of local horse
shoers us well as among the many
knights of the anvil in several of the in
terior cities. Yesterday President Miller
received the first batch of entries, the en
try blanks having but just been issued.
Among these were three of the most not
ed horscshoers in the city— Frank and
Thomas O'Rmirke and Albert Draeger.
Frank O'Rourke is looked upon as the
most likely candidate for championship
honors, as in th« opinion of the knowing
ones there Is no better or quicker per
former in the business than he.
Thomas O'Rourke, the youngest man in
the tournament, is one of the speediest
shoe.rs in the city.
Albert Draeger has already won many
honors in competition, especially In turn
ing out horseshoes. He won the eham
uionship of Germany and later at the
World's Fair in Chicago was awarded the
etttd medal. This was followed by a slm
11 Vr medal at the Midwinter Fair in this
city. He has won two medals at the Me
chanics' Fair.
WOMEN TIBED OF LIFE.
Mrs. Catherine Hoff and Dora
Heaney Attempt Suicide by
Different Boutes.
Two women, one married and the other
single, were taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal yesterday for treatment, after having
attempted to end their existence, owing to
despondency. Both will recover.
Mrs. Catherine Hoff went to 920 Central
avenue Thursday to do some work. Yes
terday morning she was discovered un
conscious in bed with the gas turned on.
At the hospital the usual remedies were
applied and she was soon pronounced out
of danger. She said her husband, Robert
Hoff, a carpenter, had left her in April
last and was now in Tulare County. She
had been forced to work for a living, ana
becoming despondent, thought it better to
die She has a child in Mount St. Joseph
Orphan Asylum, and, in the care of
friends, a daughter, 9 years of age, by a
former husband.
Dora Heant-y is only 17 years old, but
yesterday afternoon she sought to end her
life by swallowing a dose of strychnine.
She had been living with a friend, Mrs.
Hanson, at 2 Brennan Place. The only
reason she would give for her foolish act
was that some one called her a bad name,
which made her despondent. She was em
ployed at the Pacific Metal Works, but
lost her job. Her father and mother are
Lieutenant Colonel Lee Stover will fol
low some days later with the remaining
Dakota battalion, sailing on the St. Paul.
The men of the two regiments are in
splendid physical condition and in fine
fettle for a right or anything else in the
way of trouble. At Camp Merritt they
are the envied of the whole camp. The
Seventh California particularly Is blue.
Though they are resolved to be good sol
diers and do no kicking, it is impossible
for the officers and men of the Seventh
to conceal their disappointment. Splen
didly equipped, well drilled and finely set
up. they have been compelled to sit on
their own little sand heap and watch four
expeditions sail through the Gate. They
were the second command to come into
camp, and they declare now that they
have given up every hope of getting
away. "That's why there is no glad
smile in the camp of the Seventh," as
Adjutant Alphonso puts it.
The Twentieth Kansas Volunteers yes
terday moved their camp to the lot va
cated by the New Yorkers. Surgeon
Rafter of the Twentieth Kansas con
demned his camp the other day. and Col
onel Funston requested permission to
move his camp to the Presidio. New
York got the plum, and Kansas must con
tent itself with a change in sand heaps.
MOVED TO THE PRESIDIO.
New York Regiment Is Now
Located on the Plain West
of Camp Miller.
The First Regiment of New York Volun
teers marched in a body yesterday morn
ing from Camp Merritt over to the Presi
dio, where they are now encamped. Tho
afternoon was spent in erecting the tents,
and by evening the camp, which is located
west of Camp Miller, was in fair shape.
The camp work will be completed to-day.
The New Yorkers are very much pleased
dead, but she has a married sister in th«
city.
COST OF REPRODUCTION.
Expert Curtis Still Testifying in the
Big Railroad Case.
The cross-examination of Kxpert Cur
tis In the case of the Southern Pacific
Company against the Board of Railroad
Commissioners, before Commissioner in
Chancery Heacock, was resumed yester
day in the apartments of Mr. Hayne in
the Parrott building. Most of the Inquiry
was with reference to the rails on the
main and side tracks of all the roads of
the system in this State. Expert Curtis
testified that there are still seventy miles
of the original iron rails In use on the
main line and the remainder are steel,
fifty-four pounds to the yard. The rails
on the sidings had been used on the main
lines, and where steel is used it is lighter
than that of the main tracks. He said
that the steel rails in this city cost $32
per ton and the cost of reproduction on
the main tracks and seconds runs up to
85.51 tons per mile, and that the sidings
amount to 28.58 tons per mile. The for
mer cost $3222 58 and the latter $771 18 per
mile.
He also testified that the engineering,
incidental and contingent expenses
amounted to $3200 85 per mile, or $10,000,000
for the whole road. Mr. Curtis was
questioned in regard to the general and
legal expenses of the reproduction. The
purpose of this line of inquiry is to as
certain the expense of reproduction of
the tracks of the company in this State.
NEGLECTED HIS FAMILY.
Mrs. Olive V. Barnard, wife of Frank
Barnard, a well-known coal dealer, whose
place of business is at 609 Battery street,
filed suit for divorce yesterday. Mrs.
Barnard alleges as a cause of complaint
that her husband has failed to provide
her with the common necessities of life.
The married lot of the couple seems to
have been a most unhappy one. Mrs.
Barnard alleges that shortly after the
marriage, which occurred on April 17,
1595. her husband began to neglect her
and, not a great time later, failed to pro
vide for her. The plaintiff is at a loss to
assign a cause for her husband's action.
Every request of hers £or aid was denied,
although her husband is in receipt of $250
a month or more. Mrs. Barnard states
that thi>re is no community property and
asks the court to grant her suitable ali
mony.
Town Talk
This week is full of special interest to
politicians and military men, the edi
torial and leading Saunterer paragraphs
bearing strongly upon those subjects.
The genial features of Lieutenant Colonel
F. E. Beck beam from the title page and
within are portraits of various prominent
individuals. M. E. Dorn in the surf at
Santa Cruz, John Lathrop's arrival, a
Texas widow's fun at the seaside, are
some of the Saunterer's snap shots.
Town Talk's next will be a Red Cross
number.
Policy of the New America, by-
Henry Norman, Special Commis
sioner of the London Chronicle, in
next Sunday's Call.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§An Honest Offer
, To Weak Men.
Sia, To Men Who Suffer From the Effects
BB^, of Past Mistakes— Whose Vitality is
j|F Gradually Wasting— To Those Par-
ticularly Who Have Drugged in Vain
I have nothing to give free — nobody gives value for nothing— but I
want to prove to every honest man that my Electric Belt, known and praised
in every hamlet in the land, does cure and has cured in thousands of cases
this weakening drain upon young men. There have been published in my
book, in the daily papers and by other means over 5000 voluntary state-
ments from men who told of their cures of this wasting weakness by my
Belt OVER 5000.
I Will Pay $1000 in Gold
To the man or woman who will disprove one of these 5000 and odd testi- ,
monials. I have the original letters or the signed statements of each man
on file, and will be glad to show them to any honest seeker for truth.
It Is an Electric Life-Giver;
This wonderful Belt of mine pours energy into the weakened parts
during the night, while the patient sleeps, developing the nerves and
muscles and restoring the old vigor, the snap and power of man. /. .
READ THE BOOK, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." .
It is free, sealed, by mail. It is full of these grateful letters. Send or
call for it. Free test of the Belt at the office. Call or direct ..
DR. A. T. SANDEN, * not in drug stores. ?
702 Market Btreot, Corner Kearcy, San Francisco. , . ■" '. ■ : .
Orflce hour,. 8 A. M. to 8 P. M. : Sundays. lB D in s^d'^n E d elCBtoe 1C 8tor 3 e I » •
10 to 1^ Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 204% nor by traveling aeSiU- only "
South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washtn«- «? n,,r n fflp a e entB > only -
ion street; Denver, Col.. 931 Sixteenth street; 'at our ornce - . ■ . .■•,-.
Dallas. Tex.. 285 Main street. . , * ~ . ■_ ... .- - *■:
with their new location, which is In every
way far superior to Camp Merritt. The
regimental headquarters is located at
the end of the cable-car track, on the
north side.
The New Tork troops, which the John
son-Locke Company has contracted to
land In Honolulu between now and Aug
ust 17, will probably go to the' Islands on
the steamers Centennial, Humboldt and
Tillamook. Mr. Johnson made an attempt
to engage the Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company to take some of th»
soldiers down on the Gaelic, which Is
scheduled to sail on the 26th, and another
detachment by the Oceanic company's
steamer Mariposa. on August 10. but ha
did not meet with much encouragement:
The Humboldt and Tillamook are hand
led by the Johnson-Locke Company, but
are under charter to run to St. Michael
and some arrangement will have to be
made with their owners before they can
carry troops to Honolulu. Together they
have accommodations for about 600 sol
diers. The Centennial can carry 800 troops.
These three ships therefore can transport
the New York regiment.
Promotions of Surgeons.
The resignation of Dr. Shiels. chief sur
geon of the Eighth California— he having
been made a brigade surgeon with tha
Philippine expeditionary forces— promotes
Dr. Frank W, Dudley to be chief surgeon,
and Dr. Charles D. McGettigan becomes
assistant surgeon. Dr. John D. Yost be
comes the senior assistant surgeon. Dr.
Dudley has. for some time, been the resi
dent physician of the city hospital. Dr.
McOettlgan for two years has had charge
of the Sister's Hospital in Sacramento.
War Incidents.
The First Troop of Utah Volunteer Cav
alry has been ordered to move from Camp
Merritt and take station at the Presidio.
MRS. IDA L FLOOD
GRANTED A DIVORCE
SPEEDY TERMINATION OF A
SUIT FILED THURSDAY.
Plaintiff's Charges of Cruelty Well
Founded — Division of Property
Rights Arranged.
The marital troubles that have long ex
isted between Dr. Philip H. Flood and his
wife, Ida L. Flood, terminated yesterday.
Thursday afternoon Mrs. Flood filed suit
against her husband for divorce, setting
forth many specific acts of cruelty, upon
which the action was based. The case
came up before Judge Troutt yesterday
morning, and in less than twenty-four
hours from the filing of the suit a de
cree had been granted.
Dr. Flood did not make answer to hla
■wife's charges. A written appearance,
handed to the court by George D. Shad
burne, was de< mcd sufficient. Flood did
not intend to contest the case, and Mr.
Shadburne, who represented the defend
ant, stated that he had no evidence to in
troduce, but simply wished to be apprised
of the nature of the evidence to be in
troduced by the plaintiff in substantia
tion of her allegations. Mr. Shadburne
was not disappointed. Mrs. Flood was
put upon the stand, and told again of
her unhappy life as the wife of Dr.
Flood; how he had abused her and driven
her from his home in fear. '
Mrs. Mary Ennes and Mrs. J. Frat
tinger were also placed upon the stand
on behalf of the plaintiff. The witnesses
corroborated the statements of. Mrs.
Flood, and when their testimoy had been
Introduced the case was submitted. Judge
Troutt immediately entered a decree
granting Mrs. Flood a divorce from her
husband on the ground of extreme
cruelty.
The division of the property of the liti
gants was arranged amicably. A short
time ago Dr. Flood conveyed certain val
uable real estate to Mrs. Flood, and this
the court verified. Property of greater
value, however, will be conveyed, but just
where It is situated will not be known un
til a stipulation has been placed on file.
THE YEARS IMMIGRANTS.
Annual Report of the Commissioners
Shows Japan Heading the List.
The report of the Immisratifm Commis
sioners for the year ending June 30 has
just been completed, and shows a re
markable increase in the number of Japa
nese arrived. There were 826 landed dur
ing the year— almost double that of the
year previous.
The total number of immigrants during
the year is 2274, of whom 1554 were male
and 420 female. Thirty were deported un
der the contract labor and pauper laws,
and two wore sent back because of foul
and pestiferous disease. The immigrants
brought in a total of $214,520.
Japan heads the list, with S2b immi
grants, bringing in J42.M7; England. 348,
JT.4 792- Portugal, IS 1 ?. S82»; Australia. 10.%
$14 900; British Columbia. 103. $023.>: There
we're but four Spaniards, and these ar
rived from South American ports, bound
for the Klondike.
56
SATURDAY JULY 16, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sta.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) la
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Butldiaf,
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising. Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri£*« Hove*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Banding
C. GEORGE KROGNESB, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'ctook- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2514
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AWUbHMHNTa,
Columbia— "Lost-M Hours "
Alcazar— "Faust
Morosco's— "Romany Rye '
Tivoll— "Fatinltza."
Orpheum Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo. Vaudeville and Cannon, the 815-ponnd Man.
Olympia— Corner Mason aud Eddy streets, Specialties.
fcutro's Baths— Swimming.
El Campo — Music, dancing, boating, fishing, every Sanaa/.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
Recreation Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Coursing:— At Union Coursing- Park.
(.oursingr— Coursing Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Butterfield- Monday. July 18. Library, at corner
Market and Seventh streets, at 8 o clock p. m.
By Killing, Co.— Tuesday, July 19, Horses, at corner Market
street and Van Ness avenue, at 11 o'clock.
EVADING TriE WAR TAX.
THAT corporations should be evading the war
tax is to be regretted on more than one ground.
That the Wells- Fargo Express Company should
be among the flagrant offenders is a matter for sur
prise. As a corporation, it has always been liberal.
It has seemed to appreciate the fact that it enjoys
the protection of the Government. Yet, when there
is pressing need of revenue, this corporation sneaks
with the rest, and tries to make somcoody else pay
the tax Congress has laid upon it. The clause of
the war revenue bill governing the matter is so clear
that it is here given:
"It shall be the duty of every railroad or steamboat
company, carrier, express company, or corporation
or person whose occupation is to act as such, to issue
to the shipper or consignor, or his agent, or person
from whom any goods are accepted for transporta
tion, a bill of lading, manifest, or other evidence of
receipt and forwarding for each shipment received
for carriage and transportation, whetner in bulk or
in boxes, bales, packages, bundles, or not so enclosed
or included; and there shall be duly attached and
canceled, as in this act provided, to each of such bills
of lading, manifests or other memorandum, and to
each duplicate thereof, a stamp to the value of I
cent/
The war tax was so devised as to reach people in
every walk of life. It was intended, and with entire
justice, that each citizen, according to his means or
his occupation, should contribute to the common
cause. To submit without grumbling was the sim
luty, a course suggested by j»atriotism and a
sense of fairness. It had not been expected that
tho>e most able to pay would shift the responsibility.
Vei this is exactly what the Wells-Fargo Company
is attempting to do. It forces its patrons to pay
that which it should itself pay, as the law provides,
and equity demands.
The corporation under consideration has in this city
its principal place of business. Most of its stock is
held at the East. The profits conic out of Cali
fornia, and, in great measure, go to people living far
away. J. J. Valentine is the president. He doubt
less knows that an imposition is being practiced, and
he does not prevent it. Instead of doing so he
would put the blame for the ungenerous and repre
hensible course of the corporation upon the vice
president, a resident of New York. In words apt
and familiar, this is too thin. The wicked partner
business has been worked to death. Mr. Valentine
cannot permit a subordinate to override him and then
assert that the fault is something the burden of which
does not rest with himself.
Plainly enough the provisions set forth that the
express company shall supply the stamps, and there
is no hint that it can make the patrons of the concern
pay for the stamps. Yet Wells-Fargo, after ex
acting the regular tariff, charge the price of the stamp
for which the Government has said it must pay.
This borders on theft, and is wholly indefensible.
The patron has already paid the extra tax. He has
paid it on wine, tobacco, chewing gum, the daily
checks he has written; on necessities and luxuries of
all sorts. The law was not framed to strike him and
permit the fat and prosperous corporation not only
to escape the payment, but actually to exact from him
the money it should advance without question or
demur. He will not submit. He is willing to be
good for his share. He objects to robbery for the
benefit of a protected and powerful corporation.
For the sake of its fair fame, Wells-Fargo should
desist. It is injuring itself, irritating the people, and
lending to the denunciation of agitators the shadow
of justification. It is such exhibitions of arrogant
superiority that cause corporations to be hated, an
archists to rant, and Coxey armies to spring into ex
istence. The Wells-Fargo Company is recreant to
the country from which it gains support, under whose
statutes it finds opportunity to do an immense busi
ness. It refuses to pay a just and reasonable tax
made necessary by war with a foreign foe. Yet this
war has brought to it thousands of dollars of reve
nue. The company has carried tons of powder and
munitions at the high rates charged for such ma
terial. To pay the tax would be but the relinquish
ment of a fraction of added profit. The Wells-Fargo
Company extorts money from private citizens, not
under the pretense of having a right to do so, but
because it can. It deserves the severest rebuke,
prompt awakening to the limitation of its thrifty ar
rogance, and official information that it must pay its
share or be haled into court like the small offender.
But, regardless of fines, very shame should force it
in this instance to the honest and fair methods by
which it has heretofore been guided.
Pugilism might as well acknowledge Itself dead.
The only fighter this country cares about now is the
one who carries a rifle and commits comparatively
little havoc with his jaw.
Sampson and Schley can afford to divide the glory
in the middle and would have glory to spare then.
THE HAWAIIAN COMMISSION.
IT is proposed that the Chamber of Commerce en
tertain the members of the Hawaiian Commission
at they pass through this city en route to Hono
lulu.
This is welL CaJifornia hospitality Is of world-wide
repute, and its established reputation should be sus
tained.
The members of the commission all favored the
policy which, when accomplished, has given them the
position they hold. They do not come to us needy.
A large sum is appropriated out of the public treasury
for their benefit. The tendering of public hospitality
to them should have among its objects an impression
of the interest of California in the work they have on
hand.
The three American Commissioners, Cullom, Hitt
and Morgan, are in an environment which prevents
experimental knowledge of the industrial problem
which is presented in Asiatic coolie competition with
white labor.
Frceport, the principal town in Mr. Hitt's district,
probably never saw an Asiatic coolie even in transit,
for it lies off the trunk line for Pacific Coast travel.
In Senator Cullom's town, Springfield, there is one
Chinese washhouse, but its principal patrons are ne
groes and its competition is not felt. As for Senator
Morgan, environment and experience count for noth
ing, and none of them will get any knowledge of our
labor situation at a banquet which will be devoted to
gush and boasting. Will some one tell them that
California asks something for all that she gives?
She is even denied the right to have one of her regi
ments sent to Hawaii on garrison duty. That is
given to New York, and soldiers are transported 3500
miles across the continent to go to Honolulu, while
California troops rest in camp or are shipped to hard
duty and death in the poison fens of the Philippines.
As the matter now stands, California is called to make
all the sacrifices required for the benefit of Hawaii
and gets nothing in return. These Commissioners
should be told that we want something.
We demand the prohibition of all
| Asiatic coolie immigration to flflavrnii.
We demand the deportation of all
coolie labor vow in the island*.
We demand the extension thereto of the
labor law* of this country, with the
eight-hour day.
We demand that the sugar planter of
Hawaii be put on an equality with the
sugar planter of California.
The interests involved are not felt in Illinois, which
State has two members of this commission, nor in
Alabama, which has one member. They are inter
ests as to which Hawaii, with two members of the
commission, destructively antagonizes California,
with no member at all.
We have been delivered over, bound hand and foot,
to our competitors who live on coolie labor. But
while we are bound we are not gagged, and therefore
should not leave our demands unvoiced. Much has
been said about coolie competition in manufactures.
Unless the coolies in Hawaii are deported we will see
that competition set up in Honolulu under the Ameri
can flag and the American tariff. The opportunity to
do this is one reason why Mr. Thurston thinks
Hawaii an excellent place for men with money. Cali
fornia demands that men with money be put on an
equality as to the wages they pay to labor, here and
in Hawaii.
SINGLE TAX AN ISSUE.
THE attitude Judge Maguire is bound to assume
in this campaign will, we think, finally stamp
him as an office-seeking politician without prin
ciples or convictions. On his behalf his organ an
nounces that his acceptance of the gubernatorial nom
ination of the Populists does not make him a Popu
list. "It is seldom," says the $30,000 railroad con
tract sheet, "that a party goes out of its own ranks
to find a candidate for its most important nomina
tion." And then it adds, in order to clinch the idea:
"Mr. Maguire is a Democrat, and not a Populist, and
if he accepts the nomination it will doubtless be as a
Democrat."
The political morality disclosed by the policy out
lined — the acceptance of a party nomination with a
repudiation of the party — is not likely to strengthen
Judge Maguire in the estimation of intelligent people,
nor make him votes among such Populists as are not
entirely devoted to conferring a fat and influential office
upon a Democrat. But if Maguire is a Democrat he
will conduct a Democratic and not a Populist govern
ment. Therefore, in nominating him, the Populists
have placed a political enemy at the head of their
ticket who will do what he can, should they elect
him. to destroy their party.
But all this concerns the machine and not the peo
ple. The real test of Judge Mag.uire's sincerity, and
the one by which he will be estimated among non
machine voters, is the platform he will be compelled
to indorse when he accepts the Populist nomination
for Governor. In this platform, unless we are mis
taken, will be found the evidences of his office
seeking propensities already referred to. Prior to
his nomination Maguire telegraphed the delegates
that the Oregon fusion platform would suit him. The
platform adopted at Sacramento is not the Oregon
'fusion platform, though in some respects there
is a resemblance between the two. The Oregon plat
form does not indorse the single tax theory; neither
does it declare in favor of any other theory. The
Sacramento platform squints at single tax and at the
same time indorses a new theory which is entirely at
variance with anything Judge Maeruire has ever pro
posed or advocated. What could be more definite
and indefinite than this:
We demand a reform In our system of taxation,
to the end that taxes shall so be laid as to secure
as far as possible equality of sacrifice. We favor
the repeal of all poll taxes and demand exemption
from taxation of small homesteads and personal
property, the amount to be fixed by the Legislature.
We also favor a graduated State, Income and Inher
itance tax. We also favor the submission to the
people of a constitutional amendment which will
give to counties and municipal corporations the
right to adopt such a system of taxation for local
purposes as the people of such locality may desire.
Judge Maguire has already told the Oregon Popu
lists that the single tax theory is the great issue of
the day; that until it is put into practice the masses
will never escape the thralldom of the classes. He has
also written the Democrats of California that single
taxation is not an issue of this campaign — that the
time is not ripe for an agitation looking to placing
all taxes upon land, and that he will not attempt any-"
thing of the kind should he be elected Governor. In
view of these declarations, what does the plank above
quoted mean?
It is well known that local option taxation is a
single tax method of achieving results. The exemp
tion of personal property — bonds, notes, money,
horses, carriages, works of art, silks and satins — is
another method the single taxers adopt for reaching
the ultimate taxation of lands alone. Henry George
did not favor income taxes, but Maguire has done
so; whether, however, as an amendment to th«
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
theory or as a temporary expedient nobody knows.
If Maguire accept the nomination of the Populists he
will have to indorse this plank. The platform con
cludes by saying: "And to the support of this plat
form we pledge each and every candidate nominated
by this convention." Furthermore, if Maguire ac
cept the Populist nomination and the Democrats in
dorse him they will indorse this part of the Populist
platform. Thus the Democracy will, in addition to
becoming a Maguire party, become a single tax party.
So after all single taxation is an issue. How do the
owners of land in California like that?
THE FREE-MARKET EXPERIMENT.
BY the adoption of a resolution setting aside the
Jackson, Washington and Clay street wharves
for the use of a free market for perishable
products coming into San Francisco the Harbor
Commissioners have afforded a foundation for the
most important experiment that has been undertaken
in this city for a long time. The results of the move
ment will be watched with close interest, for they will
not only affect large and powerful interests, but will
in a marked degree concern the people at large.
As was set forth in the report of the free market
committee of the Producers' Association, the object of
the free market movement is not alone to provide
some special facilities for farmers to sell their own
products, but to concentrate the entire trade from first
hands in perishable products upon the water front,
separate it from all other trade, subject it to regula
tion by State authority, give to farmers desiring to
sell their own produce equal advantages with those
preferring to sell through commission men, and per
mit any one to buy there who so desires.
A committee, composed of Major Harney of the
Harbor Commission and E. F. Adams as a represen
tative of the producers, was appointed to formulate
regulations to govern the proposed market. It is
needless to say that the work to be done by this
committee will largely determine the success or fail
ure of the proposed enterprise. If rules can be
adopted which will assure the transaction of the per
ishable product trade at the market under conditions
that will yield to the producer better returns from his
product than he receives under the existing system,
the great plan will succeed beyond doubt. If, how
ever, the producer does not obtain that benefit it will
r it be possible to make the free market a perma
nent institution of the city.
The undertaking is so full of promise to all con
cerned there will be a well nigh universal hope for
its success. The present method of handling fruit and
vegetables entails a vast waste of such products, im
poses a heavy cost upon consumers of them, and
yields a small and insufficient return to the growers.
There have been times when hundreds of pounds of
good fruits and foods were thrown into the bay for
a lack of a market for them, while at the same time
hundreds of families in the city would have been glad
to purchase them at fair prices. The producer and
the consumer have, in fact, both suffered to a large
extent from the lack of closer relations to one an
other, and this loss may be eliminated to a consider
able extent by the free market.
Bright as are the expectations raised by an enter
prise that promises so much of good to both con
sumers and producers, while at the same time carry
ing a benefit to honest middlemen also by ridding
them from the unscrupulous competition of more or
less dishonest dealers, it is not to be overlooked that
many obstacles are in the way of the successful ac-
complishment of the plan. An oversanguine expec
t?tion now may lead to a disappointment that might
cause a hasty conclusion that the scheme is imprac
ticable. The free market, having been launched,
should be given a thorough and a prolonged trial be
fore it is condemned, even if at first its machinery
should not work well. It has been undertaken for
the general welfare and should in its operations have
the support of all.
MONKEYING W!Th| FATHER TIME.
T"HE excellent lady who in rhythmic pathos pe
titioned Time to turn backward in his. flight
probably did so under the impulse of poesy and
without an idea that Time would do anything of the
sort. The Examiner is different. When it wants
Time to jump backward, forward or sidewise it does
not ask his consent, but makes him jump.
Santiago fell at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, General
Shatter thinks. The Examiner boasts that it bul
letined the information at 11 o'clock in the morning.
How it could have done this without going into the
realm of prophecy, where it has often been before to
its damage, is a little hard to figure out. There is the
easy slid natural solution that it has lied some more,
but as a matter of fact the bulletin was in evidence
with the promptness claimed for it. It was on dis
play announcing an event which had not yet occurred,
and the transgressor has the pleasing nerve to brag
about the deception.
Ths difference in time between Santiago and San
Francisco is 3 hours 6 minutes and 6.58 seconds. To
.simplify matters let this difference be regarded for the
present as exactly three hours. Then at Santiago's
3 o'clock San Francisco was hearing the stroke of
high noon. But, taking into account the parts of the
hour, at Santiago's 3 o'clock it was in San Francisco
precisely 53 minutes 53.02 seconds past 11. This is
near enough 54 minutes to be considered as really so.
When time is being monkeyed with we can afford
for convenience to throw aside the small fraction of
a minute. In other words, the Examiner bulletined
the fall of Santiago 54 minutes before Santiago had
fallen. There must be on the staff the seventh son of
a seventh son of a gun, both born with a caul, seeing
visions and dreaming dreams.
As to the message from Santiago, there were neces
sarily delays. These calculations have been made
without considering this possibility. It is hardly
reasonable to suppose that the news was on the wire
as soon as it reached the understanding of those who
beheld the white 'flag, or that in the vicissitudes of
transmission it did not experience an occasional de
lay. Yet we give to the Examiner the benefit of the
dcubt. If the news was an hour in reaching this
country, instead of coming as in the twinkling of an
eye, the Examiner lie gains in magnitude. We do not
press the point. Toward the erring and representa
tives of the genus Mephitis humane instincts counsel
kindly correction rather than rude buffets. There is
no hope of reforming the Examiner, but it might be
taught to work out its fabrications on a mathematical
basis and thus once in a while escape exposure.
If we have misjudged the yellow sheet in this In
stance there will be no hesitancy in saying so later.
We think it lied, and thus frankly affirm; but per
haps Hearst sneaked up on the beleaguered city and,
together with Headsman Lairyc, took it himself, thus
scoring a scoop on the American army and laying the
foundation for acquitting his bulletin board of having
been too soon.
Sagasta must be a queer old man. He laments
thus: "Had we our fleet the situation would be very
different." Well they had a fleet once, and all they
managed to do with it was to get it in front of some
big guns. However, there is no doubt, as Sagasta
observes in effect, that if things were not the same a
variation might be noted.
ITOND(T3UNDAYi(ALL,
— -^— joLYir;iß9a- — ~~~ -V i
Wiuu CONTAIN .^ffll.
SOn Santiago^ BATTiEf ielu tj^mk
I; ** 6y j3pecidl CALL Corre^pondenfe
3 (Fn)FT(FD\/irFCHIFFWH-KIE f Ai@
'£ Describes. |luNTiNG^NisH3Pies- / P
I Anglq-AmekicanAlliance IDHT;
'f By Me^ryTtoirnan^ fern rnis^ioner [ondon (hronicle "' |j I^^^^ /
\ SU(([SSASA^EU^^AL£SIiAN, [fflHß^fl '
i 5y HcnpyW Chapman, iiJlW^ '
4 THE NEW NICARAGUA &NAL "|||ft '
1 {AllApt^i^ (A/H
A * BvTHAhFion JimmyMkhael Wk W/ liiw
MAT SPLDBEDONC WITH INCURABLES' |JH {■
yj Di^cus!)ED by Prominent Thinkers. \(^BS» '^n
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
Dr. B. B. Cory of Fresno Is at the
Grand.
A. B. Leslie of Melville Is at the Occi
dental.
Thomas H. Williams arrived yesterday
from Japan.
H. R. McNoble of Stockton Is stopping
at th© Grand.
Major F. C. Lord, a mining man of Ne
vada, is at the Rubs.
W. H. Topley, a druggist of Vallejo, Is
staying at the Grand.
Mrs. J. A. Sargent of Sargents Is stop
ping at the Occidental.
John McMullin and wife of Fresno ar«
guests at the Occidental.
Alice Neilson returned yesterday after
a two months' vacation in Japan.
F. M. Nickell, a railroad man of Los
Angeles, is registered at the Grand.
C. F. Montgomery, editor of a Martinez
paper, is stopping at the Occidental.
T. F. Fitzgerald, Pacific Coast passenger
agent of the Texas Pacific, is stopping at
the Occidental.
The number of
men John F. Fu
gazi has helped
across the ocean,
if brought to
gether, might
ftftftftftftftftftft
ft »
£ COMMISSIONS $
»■ HE ft
£ DID NOT GET. ft
He furnishes tickets for the transporta
tion of Mediterranean people to the old
country, accepting as a compensation for
his labors commissions which are always
diminutive, but pretty nearly always just.
His friends know that this occupation is
remunerative and they do all they can to
steer the Europe-bound passenger in the
way of Fugazi. A few nights ago Fugazi,
his breath leaving his lungs in panting ex
pirations, rushed up to the desk of the
night clerk of the Palace and, in a most
expressive manner wanted to know in
much less time than a minute where T.
K. Stateler was. Statoler, it seems, had
promised Fugazi a bundle of prospective
passengers and the latter was itching
at the palms to pack that bundle off. Fu
gazi's impatience developed into a frenzy.
Where was that trifler Stateler and wh>
was he not there. In the midst of these
mental churnlngs, the telephone bell rang
and Fugazi was called to the phone.
Stateler had called him up. This is the
way the negotiations went:
Stateler: "Hello, Fugazi. I have the
whole bunch, but before you get them you
must divvy up on the commission propo
sition. You can bet your sweet Italian life
that I am not going to work my feet off
for pure affection."
Fugazi: "Oh, that's all right, I will give
you a good percentage. You know I
wouldn't cheat you for the world. I will
give you a fifth of what I get for the
deal."
Stateler: "What do you take me for?
You must think I am a good thing. I
want a half or you don't get them."
Fugazi: "Oh, you break my heart, but
I guess It will have to be. All right, I
will give you a half. Now tell me, Statty,
old man, who are they and how many In
the gang."
Stateler: "There are 30,000 in the party,
and they want to go to Spain right
away."
There are things that would better be
left unsaid.
Rev. H. H. Wvman and Rev. W. E.
Hooper left for the East yesterday by
way of the Canadian Pacific.
Adolpho Zelaya, a cousin of the Presi
dent of Nicaragua, arrived yesterday on
the Gaelic and Is staying at the Occiden
tal.
The Gaenc brought In a number of tour
ists, missionaries and prominent business
men yesterday. At the Occidental are:
G. F. Northcote, Assistant English Post
master of China; A. B. Huelbert; James
Scott of Honolulu; Mr. and Mrs. F. Gatte
of England; C. G. yon Freutler, wife and
child. At the Palace are: K. S. Wal
bank. connected with a large Canadian
tea house; W. C. Tyler, 'who has been
selling locomotives in the Orient; J. N.
Boyd, a buyer *or a New York matting
house; Dr. J. Jaison, a celebrated Korean
who has made a special study of bacteri
ology; Hugo Greisenbeck and wife; Mr.
and Mrs. H. C. Hulbert; Mrs. William P.
Hulbert and Miss C. B. Hulbert; Alfred
Wenz, connected with an Australian wool
establishment and now on his way to
Paris; James A. Selby, a civil engineer
who went to Manila to build a drydock
but was prevented by the outbreak of
the war.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 15.-Charles C. Moore
of San Francisco is at the Imperial. P. >
W. Bradley of San Francisco is at the
Hoffman. Lawrence Van Wyck, Henry
Payot and wife, S. Bugbee and wife, of I
San Francisco, have gone to Paris. Mor
itz Meyerfeld, president of the "Walter
Orpheum Company, is in the city making
arrangements for the fall season.
THE OLD ARMY HARDTACK
How dear to my heart are the war-time me
mentos,
I've cherished In mem'ry of sorrows and Joys
In the days when I tramped through the du9t
of Virginia,
Or splashed through its mud with the rest of
the boys;
There' 8 a rusty old saber I never will part
with,
A faded old cap and a Jacket of blue,
A battered canteen and a haversack holding
Some squares of tha hardtack we all had to
chew !
The iron-bound hardtack!
The moss-covered hardtack!
The old army hardtack we all had to chew!
There was hardtack from wars of a part gen
eration,
Which remained unconsumed till about '63:
It was rumored that some, which defied masti
cation.
Was marked "Vem Cruz" or was lettered
"B. C."
What a triumph Was this for the skill of the
baker!
Indestructible product, defying time's tooth!
But it could not resist the assaults of our
grinder?.
The grinders we had in the days of our youth.
Tin- Blinker Hill hardtack!
The ISI2 hardtack!
The old army hardtack we ate in our youth!
Oh! youth can make feasts of the coarsest of
viands,
And never apaln shall wp veterans feel
Such a zest In our lives as 'way back in the
"60s>,
When hardtack sufficed to create a "square"
meal.
Though now we may dine at more sumptuous
tables.
We'd gladly exchange all the dainties they
yield
For the hearty enjoyment, the youthful diges
tion.
That seasoned the hardtack we ate in the
field.
The bullet-proof hardtack!
The Iron-clad hardtack.
The nld army lianltaek we nte In the field.
— Charles E. Sprague In Mail and Express.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LIGHTHOUSE EXAMINATION — M. ,
Boulder Creek, Cal. The time for receiv
ing application for examination under the
civil service rules in the United States
Lighthouse Department closed on July
1. The next examination will be in the
fall, and due notice will be given through
♦he daily papers. Watch the papers.
MODERN MORTARS— J. P. C, City.
A modern 12-inch rifled mortar in which
eighty pounds of powder is used gives
an initial pressure of 28,000 pounds to the
square inch and gives a muzzle velocity
of 1200 feet per second to a shell of 630
pounds. This insures a range of about
Bix miles at an elevation of 45 degrees
NAVAL. APPRENTICES— H. S. R., I
Dixon, Cal. At this time no apprentices \
are being taken on the Independence at \
Mare Island, and none will be taken un- I
til it is time to put the training ship In
operation. At that time there will be I
published all the rules and regulations
governing the admission of boys on board
of the vessel.
OUR VOLUNTEERS.
The biographical history of the men of
the First Volunteer Cavalry who^ost
their lives In the first advance on Santi
ago shows what kind of stuff our ret? -
ments are made of. X
It is no exaggeration to say that there
is no army in Europe in which men with
the same advantages of fortune ami nt
social distinction could be found fighting
in the ranks as privates ngnjng
In the little republics of ancient Gre.-ca
or later on in the earlier days of the little
republics of Italy, when every cltl"«n
was a soldier, some such roster of the
i dead may have been possible, but not
i at any other time or in any other couTi
' The Roosevelt regiment was exceptional
in the number of recruits It found among
I the men who might reasonably have ox-
I pected commissions, but the difference is
only in degree, not in kind v " - renc<J »
There is not a single regiment organized
in answer to the call for volunteersVh
! does not contain a goodly proportion of
■ rr n l°^ a la 1, nOt to be found in the
I?!?* 18 of th v, e European • armies-of men
who might ; have stayed at home in ease
and comfort, but whose only thought was
that expressed by young Hamilton Fish,
: when he said: The Government wants
| big, strong chaps like me."
Such ♦ men give to an army a special
character. It is the higher percentage of
brains of ; education, of capacity, which
i differentiates our army from the armies
°' v Europe.. iris an army of "thinking
™£?? n ts ; £ U< L - as Europe considers a
peril, but which is to us an assurance of
strength and safety.— New York World.
WHY P JNISH THE NAVY?
The Introduction of a bill restoring the
grade of lieutenant general invites again
an inquiry into the discrimination which
Congress seems so persistently to make
against the navy. If a lieutenant general,
why not a vice-admiral, and if, as report
ed, this great official honor is to be held
open for the officer most distinguished la
land operations, why should an equal in
centive not be given the sea officers in
trusted with the fortunes of the fleet?
No reward can be too great for our suc
cessful officers, but, above all, let there
be fair play. At this moment the navy
is asking Congress to make its pay equal,
grade for grade, to that given the army.
Many sinister rumors are afloat that this
bill will pass the House, but be killed" in
the Senate. This will be a grievous wrong,
and will send our seamen into battle no
less loyal or courageous, but with the
galling certainty that after all republics
can be ungrateful. — New York Herald.
■ m ■
Peanut taffy, best in world. Townsenda.*
Soft Baby Cream 15c Ib. ' Towiisend'B.*
« ♦ ■
Going out of business. Finest eyegl.,
specs, 15c to 40c 65 4th, Look og| for No.*
Treat your Eastern friends to ' California
Glace Fruits, 50c It), in re-etched boxes,
627 Market street. Palace Hotel bldg. •
— ■ » .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 810 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
"The Spaniards guard their honor Jeal
ously."
"Well, you see, there la bo little left
that they have to."— Philadelphia North;
American.
Rates Are Cut
To Bed rock. Call at t v - new ticket offlco
of the Santa Fe route at 628 Market «t. Very
low rates to all Eastern cities. It will pay
you to investigate.
It is a fact that the English soldier* use Dr,
Slegert's Angostura Bitters aa a preventativ«
of all troubles of the digestive organs.
No houie is complete without Fahkkx'i Q»«is,
Tonic, needed for every weakness.
Parker's Hair Balsam Is life to the hair.
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY 18 BETOND
question the greatest of all modern remedies.
It will cure a cough or cold immediately or
money back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
"I believe he thinks more of her monejr
than he does of her."
"Yes; he always had such good taste. "—
Detroit Free Press.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Great Care
Required.
HOUSEKEEPERS must
1 * exercise great care
in buying baking powder,
for every kind of scheme
is employed to sell the
alum compounds, which
your physician will inform
you are poisonous to the
human system.
Royal Baking Powder is
well known as an abso-
lutely pure and healthful
cream of tartar powder.
The U. S. Government
tests show this, and also
that it is greater than
any other in leavening
strength. Consumers who
are prudent will make
sure that no other enters
into their food.
Do not, because the alum
powders may be a little
lower in price (though
some of them are not),
risk your health by using
them.BLACK FLAGS
IN REVOLT
Stirring Up Trouble in
the Chinese Empire.
MISSIONARIES IN DANGER
TWENTY DEATHS DAILY FROII
THE PLAGUE IN AMOY.
Chinese Cruiser Filching Wrecked
in Port Arthur and All of Her
Officers and Crew Are
Drowned.
The steamer Gaelic arrived from the
Orient yesterday with news that the
plague "was raging in Hongkong and
Amoy, that the Black Flags were stirring
up revolts all over China and in conse
quent 200 American missionaries
wen ;ind ulso particulars of the
loss of the Chinese cruiser Fuelling with
all on board.
The Gaelic brought over 7S cabin pas
sengers, 13 Europeans In the second cabin
S Japanese and 263 Chinese in the
ge. After leaving Hongkong she
d at Amoy and Shanghai In China,
at Nagasaki, Kobe and Yokohama in Jap
an, and at Honolulu. The plague was
at Hpngkong and the authori
ties were working hard to keep it under
control. It waa attacking the Europeans
whin the Gaelic left, which is something
unusual. At Amoy there were twenty
deaths a day while the steamer was there
and the ei>i.!< mic seemed to be setting
worsi ol better.
There was the usual clash between the
deputy left temporarily In charge of the
revenue cutter Golden Gate and the cus
toms boarding officer. 'wing- to the fact
that the plague was epidemic in Hong
kong and An. the Quarantine officers
maue a very arching examination of the
passengers and crew. This took over an
hour and in spite of all that Boarding Of
flcer Hart could do or say he coulu not
get the Golden Gate near the steamer.
The helmsman had his orders from Lieu
tenant Butts and he carried them out to
the letter. In consequence, not a custom
house officer set foot on the Gaelic until
the quarantine officers had left the ship
and the seventy-eight cabin passengers
had to remain that much longer aboard
>!..•• their declarations were being taken
up.
The passengers by the Gaelic say that
the whole of South China Is in a turmoil
and that the Triad Society and the no
torious Kaolao Hui are at work. Emis
saries of the Black Flag are spread all
over the country and are stirring up re
volts in every direction. At Holplng, in
the Kwangtung province, an American
mission house was burned down and the
missionaries threatened. In this province
there are American stations in all the
principal towns and over 200 missionaries
scattered through the district. Arms and
ammunition are being smuggled into the
disaffected districts from Tonkin, either
with the sanction of the French or else
then? is a very loose watch kept. The
Black Flags were in Canton when the
Gaelic left Shanghai and were behaving
1:. a most insolent manner. All In all the
outlook was not encouraging and the
Chinese papers were urging tut- American
and British governments to take some ac
tion In the matter.
The Chinese cruiser Fuchlng went
ashore in Port Arthur while the Gaelic
was at Hongkong. A terrific gale was
blowing and in six hours the man-of-war
went to pieces and of her crew of 130
men not one was saved. The Fuchlng
was lying at anchor in the harbor and
ucflfhrt- were two other Chinese war
ships and two Russian cruiser*. The Fu
ching had only one anchor down and the
storm came up so suddenly there was no '
time to let go the other. She went broad-
Bide on the same spot where a similar dls
aster happened three years ago. The war
ships did nothing toward rescuing the I
drowning sailors and one after another
they were washed from the wreck and
drown r-d. Some of the merchantmen In
the hay sent their crews ashore and these
went around the beach and tried to send
a line over the wreck. They were Joined
by the cadets of the Chinese Naval
School, who managed to get a line to the
vessel, but they could not make their
countrymen do anything to help them-
Furhing wpnt ashore at 6 a. m. and
>he xvas a total wreck. Three
■ r> -w could be seen cling
ing to the wreck, but each succeeding
wave carried one away until none were
left.
The Coptic, which lr-ft here on the 7th
Inst. with tho iu.n> xation news, when
■ lays out Bpoke the Gaelic and the
passengers of the tatter vessel were soon
informed that Hawaii was now part of
the T'nited Stat. •«. Everybody appeared
more particularly 'those who
were "ii th-ir way from Honolulu to the
Owing to the number of
steamers that have been turned into
transports the service between Honolulu
this port is very poor, and in conse
• Gaelic could not take all the
passengers who wanted Hrst-claaa ac
commodations to San Francisco.
A NARROW ESCAPE.
B. Steinauer Fell From the
Fourth Story of His Hotel
and Still Lives.
B. Steinauer, proprietor of the Eastern
Hotel at 435 Pine street, had a narrow
p« from instant death yesterday
morning. He purchased the hotel about
Fix months ago and a few weeks ago he
started to have the entire building fixed
up. He stepped out on the staging op
posite the fourth floor to see how the
painters were getting along, and mak
ing a misstep fell to the sidewalk. ii<.
was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hos
pital, where Drs. Hill and Zabala found
that his right leg and arm were- broken,
his Fcalp lacerated and probable internal
injuri' s. He WEI removed to the Ger
man Hospital yesterday afternoon.
The tug Rescue came in from AFtoria,
Or., yesterday with the ferry steamer for
the Vallejo-Mare Island trade and the
disabled tug Wizard in tow. The run
down was made In three days eighteen
hours, a very smart performance in the
circumstances.
The Alaska Exploration Company's
steamer Leolanaw is not expected here
until the 25th lnst. Her owners have re
ceived information from the north that
the vessel will not leave St. Michael un
til the river boats get down from Daw
son.
THE METAL ASSOCIATION.
It Elects Its Board of Officers for the
Ensuing Year.
The Pacific Coast Metal and Hardware
latlon Is now holding Its fourth an
nual convention in the rooms of the City
Hoard of Trade. The reports of the presi
dent and secretary show that the organ
ization is in a satisfactory condition. At
the meeting yesterday the following of
ficers were elected:
Braoe Hayden, president; W. Honevman, first
vlef -president; C. C. Re-molds, second vice
president; William Bchaw. third vice-president;
John F Merrill, treasure- Frank L. Brown,
serretary; \V. C. MoOloskey, assistant secre
tary-
Kxecutlve Committee— W. R. Wheeler, A. A.
Watklns, Wakt-neld Raker. E. F Selfrtdffe A
I>. Bo tt, C. F. Tay and A. A. Wlpmore.
In the evening the delegates from tn»
country were entertained at a banquet at
the Palace Hotel. This will be the last
day of the convention.
Reduced Rates to Santa Rosa
Via San Francisco and North Paciflo
Railway, $1 for the round trip Sundays,
July 17 and 24.
From Saturday, July 16, to Sunday,
July 24, tickets will be sold at $2 for
the round trip, with return limit Mon
day, July 25. Get tickets at Tiburon
ferry, or 650 Market street, Chronicle
building.
Tho "Koh-I-Noor" copying: pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
AND HER SISTER SMASHED HER.
Tried to Steal Her Husband, So Mrs. John Frace
Administers Punishment,
Two souls with but a single thought and two hearts that beat for the
same one (masculine gender), were the romantic causes of a most unromafitlc
encounter on Ellis street just below Hyde, on Wednesday afternoon.
At precisely 4 o'clock Mrs. Fraca, the wife of the handsome custom house
officer, John Frace, faced her sister, Miss Tillle Degener, and without engag
ing in any preliminary sparring, led out with one lily-white hand, gaining a
hammer-lock hold on her victim's fluffy golden tresses. Then with the dis
engaged right she landed a stiff uppercut on the "point," disabling her an
tagonist and sending her to earth.
In a spirit of unsatisfied fiendish vengeance and with a most flagrant dis
regard of the rules approved by the Marquis of Queensberry and accepted by
all votaries of the manly art, Mrs. Frace continued to administer punish
ment to her fallen sister, who was flushing the Ellis-street drains with a
rich gore that flowed from a dainty Grecian nose.
A broken hatpin also played a conspicuous role in the scrimmage, which
would have been prolonged beyond the usual number of rounds had not a
young gallant who viewed the fracas from the platform of a passing car
come to the rescue of the hapless damsel.
Mrs. Frace went into the fight with a wrong to avenga. She claims that
her sister was trying, and not unsuccessfully, to win from her the affections
of her husband.
Miss Degener affirms that these charges are the veriest nonsense evolved
from a mind diseased.
Tillie Degener is an unusually pretty girl and resides with her parents at
207 Gough street. She is about IS years old and looks out on this wicked
world with a pair of deep blue orbs that by a strange freak at times show
black and again a catty gray. A wealth of fluffy golden hair frames a spir-
Ituelle face, in which the lily and rosb play at hide and seek. A good square
chin shows that Miss Tillie is not wanting in determination.
"My sister's mind is unbalaced," Miss Degener said, when called upon to +
explain her sister's conduct. "John Frace ie an old man, past 40, and I +■
wouldn't have him. I had nnt seen my sister for many months when I called +
upon her Wednesday afternoon. She met me at the door. Her conduct was +
most strange. 'You know who I am,' she said to me, "you know who you +
are,' and then she extended her left hand and pointing to her wedding ring +
said in a most awful tone: 'See!' Thereupon she gave me a dreadful look +
and before I could move out of her way she had me by the throat and threw +
me down the stairs and flat upon the Bidewalk. She also poked me with a +
broken hatpin, but I was really too excited and frightened Just to know what +
she really did." +
Miss Degener has not told her parents of the meeting between +
and her sister. She declares that Mrs. Frace, about a year ago, was a patient +
in a private sanitarium at San Mateo, and hopes that her brother-in-law -+■
will s-'e fit to place her again in restraint. +
+ Thia victim of a sister's wrath is not without a Just appreciation of her +
+ charms. "I wouldn't have Mr. Frace," she scornfully said, and then her +
+ blue eyes took on their gray tint, as she smiled and continued, "although I +
-♦- could get him If I wanted to." +
♦ ' ♦
+ + + + + ++++++++++++++++++++++
WANTED TO
WIPE OUT
THE INSULT
Threatened War in
Chinatown Averted.
HIGHBINDERS ARE AT OUTS
HOSTILITIES PBEVENTED BY
THE CHINESE CONSUL.
The Kidnaping of a Pretty Woman
the Cause of the Trouble — Sha
Was Spirited Away to
San Jose.
What thrf-ntr-nnd to be a serious out
l>reak In Chinatown was averted yester
day by Sergeant McManus and posse and
the Chinese Consul.
A short time ago two highbinders vis
ited a den on Sullivan alley, and by the
indiscriminate use of their revolvers com
pelled one of the Inmates, a rather pretty
girl of 17 years, to accompany them.
After leaving tho house the highbinders
took the pirl to a lodging house on Sac
ramento street, where she was held a cap
tive for several days.
Evidently thinking they were safe from
arrest, the highbinders subsequently
forced her to assume a disguise, and sum
moning a hack they had her driven to
the Southern Pacific depot, where they
purchased tickets for San Jose. The
owner of the girl, who is president of one
of the highbinder societies, In some way
learned that sho had been taken to the
Garden City, and he determined to wreak
vengeance on her captors.
Summoning the hatchet men of the so
ciety, he informed them of what had hap
pened, and ordered thr-m to put the brace
of highbinders out of the way. While the
murderous gang was preparing to carry
out the instructions of their "chief" the
girl suddenly returned, having escaped
from her captors. The following day the
highbinders also reappeared, apparently
bent on rrg.unlng possession of her. Go
ing to the house of their intended victim
they attempted to force an entrance, but
were driven off after a hard struggle,
during which one of the highbinders was
struck over the head with an iron bar.
Smarting under the humiliation of being
beaten by the slave owner, the two men
reported the occurrence to their society,
and war was at. once declared.
The tong of which the slave-owner is
the presiding officer learned of the bellige
rent action of the rival organization, and
after a heated debate, it was decided to
give fhe enemy battle.
Just as the rival tongs were preparing
to wipe each other off the face of the
«rrth, the Chinese Consul, hearing of the
threatened outbreak, appealed to the pol
ice to prevent hostilities. Accompanied by
a number of men from the California
Street Station, Sergeant McManus and his
squad visited the headquarters of thw
warring factions and threatened to arresi
the ring-leaders if they persisted in en
gaging in a battle. A.s a precautionary
measure, MoManus had the officers patron
the 'alleys of Chinatown with instructions
to search every highbinder for weapons.
Evidently alarmed over the presence of
the extra detail of police, the rival tongs
notified the Chinese Consul that a tempo
rary truce had been established and askea
him to notify the police. As the- Consul
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
was satisfied that the Intended battle
would not take place. Sergeant McManus
withdrew his men. after giving the ring
leaders to understand that he would not
brook any foolishness.
CRACK DO^S WILL
MEET AT INGLESIDE
REPRESENTATIVE ENTRY IN
THE CHAMPION. STAKE.
Largest List of Greyhounds Nnmed
for the Coursing Since the
Opening of the Park.
The coursing at Ingleslde this afternoon
and to-morrow has attracted the largest
entry since the park was opened. Sev
enty-two dogs have been named In the
non-winner stake and sixteen in the cham
pion stake. Many were left out owing to
the limit placed on the number of entries
in the latter.
The total value of the prizes is JS6O.
In the champion stake the first prize is
$100, for runner-up $t>o, two of $30 each and
four of $15. For the non-winners' stake
the first prize is $80, second $50, third $40,
two of $30 each, four of $20, nine of $15
fend eighteen of $7 50.
Owing to the large entry, the sport will
commence at 10 o'clock to-morrow — an
hour earlier than has been the custom.
This afternoon the non-winners' stake will
be run down. The second round will open
the proceedings to-morrow. The draw re
sulted as follows:
Champion stakes — I/iwe & Thompson's Sir
Wilful vs. Kay & a rant's Leonora; D. Shan
non's Swinnerton vs. ID. Hooper's Knolawn;
Dillon & Rellly's Flying Buck vs. Kay &
Trant's CrosspatOh; F. I). Black's Occidental
vs. Kay & Trant's Diana; T. Sheehan's Lass
o' Gowrie vs. James Dean's Gladiator; O'Con
nell Bros.' Log- Boy vs. James Dean's Mlalmo;
I. n. Senr's Hot Stuff vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal; Larkpy & Rock's Myrtle vs. A.
Hulßh's lladdiwi.xt.
Non-Winner stake — D. Dowst's Sarcastic vb.
T. Hall's Miss Skyball; Napoleon kennel's
Pacific Queen vs. Napoleon kennel's Fireball;
J. O'Donnell's Las Palmas vs. Blake &
Dineen'B Muriel B; F. Murphy's Gilt Ed*?e vs.
Pembrooke kennel's The Turk; Dillon &
Rellly's Queen 13 vs. J. Baddeley's Hobson
(formerly Bogus) ; J. Ryan's Gloaming vs.
Hanrly & Smith's Ida; Derby kennel's Master
McGregor vs. J. McPormick's Rapid; D.
Flynn's Town Bell vs. Kay & Trant's Master
Piece: T. Kelley's Little Cripple vb. T. Her
rin'p Marthn Washington: K. J. Healv's Hark
away Second vb. Lynch & Maher's Dakota; T.
Quane's Thad Stevens vs. Lowe & Thompson's
Victor; C. Brown's Rosalie vs. S. Morncan's
Daily; Derby kennel's Mona vs. P. O'Don
nell's Counterfeit; C. Strell's Star Pointer vs.
T. A. Gaffeney's Sir John Arnott; H. Weber's
Montana vs. D. Kaher's Belle of Moscow;
Pe«'kK-man * Pnnarlo's Glonchloe vs. Dillon
& Rellly's Granuale; Lynch & Maher's Fair
View vs. Larkey & Rock's Minerva; T. Wat
son's Miss Skyrocket vs. E. M. Elkus' Tele
phone Belle; JT. Watson's Sky Queen vs. A,
Townley's Able; Kay & Trant's Innlsf alien vs.
8 Morgan's Flag; Kay A Trant's Sylvia vs.
f Jones' Do Me; J. O'Dowd'B Clifton Lass vs.
C. Strell's Skylark; G. Reddy's Bernlce vs.
Gibson A Moore's Monitor; London & Mc-
I'ull'iUßh's Magnet vs. E. M. Elkus' Telephone
Girl; Pembroke kennel's Wild Flower vs.
Handy & Smith's Persimmons; Napoleon ken
nel's Decorator vs. T. J. Oronln's Thomhill;
S Hooper's Mary X vs. Kay & Trent's Chit
Chat; J. Murnane's Valley Maid vs. G. Smart's
Sllkwood; M. Mlchalik's Tarara vs. Orient
kennel's Uncle Sam; Kay & Trant's Trll'-y vs.
A. Hash's Hattel; P. W. Sullivan's Trlnk vs.
D Hooper's L. S. Conley. J. J. Rowan's
Gladys Pacha vs. James McCormlck's White
Wings: J. G. Fentlman'a Belllcoso vb. J. Far
ley's Tullamore; J, Burns' Clipper vb. Wise
Bros." Damsel: G. H. Thomas' Lady Belle vs
I. L. Sear's Beauty: J. Burns' Mohawk vs.
Larkey & Rock's Liberty Belle.
Captain Barnes,
Commissioner Colnon, Colonel Raabe,
Major Ben Truman, H. H. Taylor,
Denis Kearney, Horace Platt, George
Root, Dick Miner, Sands Forman,
Hawaiian Consul "Wilder and a dozen
other well-known people are reviewed
in to-day's Aews Letter. Literary re
views, society, mining, caustic editor
ials, dramatic criticisms and select
stories, original pen and ink illustra
tions, fill twenty-four pages with most
timely and interesting matter. Of all
news dealers, for 10 cents.
WHITE WOMEN
NEED THE JOB
Ready to Make Uncle
Sam's Uniforms.
HUNDREDS ASK EMPLOYMENT
AMERICAN SEAMSTRESSES ARE
WILLING TO WORK.
They Form a Cohporation to Dis
pense With Chinese Coolie
Labor on Soldiers'
Clothing.
The agitation against Chinese making
uniforms for the soldiers of Uncle Sam's
army, while hundreds of worthy white
women were In need of this work, hoa
been productive of good results. As soon
as the labor unions called attention to the
injustice their committees, assisted by
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald and hia
deputies, began a systematic Investigation
to learn why this work was being given
to contractors who employ coolie labor
and how many white women could be
found who are able and willing to make
soldiers' garments. The reason for the
first is given in one word, "indifference."'
In order to get information on the latter
subject the Commissioner opened a regis
ter in his office for all who desire this
work to so announce. To his and others'
surprise the number ran up into the hun
dreds and many are yet to be heard from.
Many women anxious to secure the priv
ilege of making soldiers' clothing called
upon "W. W. Allen, the attorney, knowing
that he is a member of the Grand Army
of the Republic and that his patriotism
would induce him to assist them to get
the work. They reasoned well. Veteran
Allen has at last perfected a plan by
which the desired end can be accom
plished. He has taken upon his shoulders
the responsibility of forming a corpora
tion to be composed of women entire! v
the purpose of which is set out in the foll
owing statement of the objects which
appears in the articles of incorporation:
WOMAN'S HOME SEWING COMPANY.
Incorporated.
The object of the corporation Is to protect
working women and enable them to secure full
value for their labor.
To contract sewing of all kinds and distribute
the same to deserving women at prices eoual
to the value of the work to be performed
To iurnlbh work to deserving women at both
factory and home, so that the families shall
receive the benefits instead or enriching con
tractors.
To establish, maintain and conduct a fac
tory and depot for Fupplylng women with sew
ing of all kinds at all times at prices in pro
portion to their ability to perform and grade
the same np to the full value of the character
wo-k performed, upon each class of
Mr. Allen said: "When these ladles ex
plained the situation to me I found a
great many of them to be wives and
wnlows of soldiers of the late war and
not a fow are relatives of the soldiers of
the present war. All are deserving of the
employment they ask for, and I set about
to see what could be done for them In
order to remedy an evil you must' find
something better. This something better
is a corporation, and this will be
rully organized as Boon as the
proper ladies can b« found to serve
as directors— ladiea who will faith
fully perform the duties as outlined
In the stated objects. I have parties now
engaged In selecting ladies who are will
ing and competent to fill the positions.
This cannot be a failure. I have the as
surance of several of the agents of sew
ing machine companies that they will fur
nish all the machines necessary at a nom
inal figure. A large room can be rented
cheaply and power put in at small cost
At present the contractors make 75 per
cent out of their contracts, and the people
who do the work get only 25 per cent. We
will reverse the proposition, giving the
women who do the work the 7"> per cent
reserving only 25 per cent for the payment
of rent, cost of power and rental of the
machines. In addition to these will be the
salary of a woman to keep the books and
of another who will have charge of giv
ing out the work and handling the stock.
Ihe corporation will make contracts direct
with the Government officers and give se
curity for the faithful performance of the
work. Those women who cannot go to
the factory may take their work home
giving some recommendation of their wor
thiness and ability."
The new scheme will be launched form
ally in the early part of next week and
work contracted for as soon as possible.
CAROLINE SCHERK
SENT TO AN ASYLUM
UNFORTUNATE YOUNG WOMAN
DECLARED INSANE.
Action in the Case of Her Sister Was
Deferred Until Monday — Her
Actions to Be Observed.
Caroline Scherr was committed to the
asylum for the insane at Ukiah by Judße
Hebbard yesterday. Action in the case
of her sister Helen was deferred until
Monday, in order that the physicians on
the Board of Insanity Commissioners
might have an opportunity of observing
her actions before giving their opinion
regarding her mental condition.
Policemen Coleman and Butterworth
gave evidence as to the insanity of the
unfortunates. They again told their story
of their visit to the Scherr household at
the Instance of the Board of Health, and
described at length the condition in which
they found the family. They advanced
the opinion that both the women were in
sane, but Judge Hebbard examined them
personally. Both of the girls were fright
ened, and tried to hide their faces when
approached, but Judge Hebbard managed
to get Caroline to speak. She said tnat
she did not properly care for herself and
attend to her personal wants because her
hands were "full of splinters." The un
fortunate woman cried for drink, how
ever, and gave the opinion that her in
firmities are in a great degree due to in
temperance. Her general demeanor, how
ever, bo clearly indicated insanity that no
delay was allowed in her ease, and she
was ordered to be sent to Ukiah at once.
As her sister acted more rationally, it
was decided to postpone the investigation
of her case until next Monday. Sub'penas
were issued for the brothers of the young
women. For some unexplained reason, tho
brothers did not appear at the examina
tion of Caroline. They have not visited
their sisters since their arrest, and it is
thought that they fear arrest and are. in 1
consequence, keeping away.
The Late Mrs. A. S. Blake.
Mrs. A. S. Blake of this city, whose fu
neral will occur to-day, was a woman of
charming personality and a writer and
artist of no mean ability. Bhe was a
member of the Women's Press Club of
San Francisco and a contributor to the
Detroit Post, the Detroit Free Press and
other Eastern publications, and was for
years a serial writer for prominent New
York papers. She was a native of Massa
chusetts and resident of Boston, and her
country home near the latter city was
noted for the warm hospitality she ex
tended to her numerous guests. For three
years past she has lived a secluded life at
Santa Cruz and in this city, owing to
partial paralysis. Nevertheless, she won
the love of all with whom she came in con
tact by unvarying sweetness and patience
during her continuous suffering. She was
a member of the Washburne family of 1
Massachusetts, and left a large circle of
friends here and in the Eastern States.
A Conspiracy Alleged.
Thomas Marks filed sulf yesterday
against Thomas R. Evans, Ann Dunn,
John Rodda and the California Fuse As
sociation to recover $25,000. The plaintiff
alleges that the defendants entered into
a conspiracy to defraud him, and he now
asks for a Judgment to reimburse him for
his loss.
BID PARTNER
IN NEW YORK
He Will Not Stamp Ex
press Packages.
WELLS-FARGO'S OLD TRICK
PATRONS OBLIGED TO PTJNGLE
WAR DUTIES.
Blame Shifted From the San Fran
cisco Tail to the New Yonc
Head and the Band
Plays On.
The war revenue law, among other
provisions, for the raising of money
to pay Uncle Sam's army and navy
their wages for teaching Spain a les
son on humanity, has Included ex
press companies In the catalogue of
public Institutions that should contribute
their pro rata to the fund. On this and the
language of tne act thore seems to be a
conflict of opinion as between the express
companies and the consignors.
Wells-Fargo's Company in this city has
thrown down the gauntlet and has re
fused to place the one cent stamp on the
bill of lading or receipt, as the case may
be. This view as held by the company's
manager in this city has been the cause
of considerable friction between the com
pany and its patrons. One in particular,
of the firm of Jones Brothers & Co., mar
ble dealers at Second and Brannan
streets, has led to almost a business rup
ture. The firm In the course of its busi
ness had a box to send to Marysvllle,
which was taken to the express com
pany's office to be shipped. When it ar
rived there the coi pany refused to place
the one cent stamp on the bill of lading.
A similar refusal was made by the ship
per, and neither would yield. Ultimately,
however, Jones Brothers shipped the
goods by the railroad and took It for
granted that the express company lacked
patriotism in not willingly contributing to
Uncle Sam in his trial with a foreign foe.
A.ll of which Is indignantly uenied by the
local managers of the express company.
In explaining the company's position on
the tax, L. F. Rowell, the manager in this
city, said to a Call representatives who
waited on him:
"Far be it from the Intention of this
company to oppese in any way the collect
ing of the revenue tax for the suportof the
Government; on the contrary, we will aid
In every way we can the President and his
iidministration in carrying the war to a
final and successful end. To prove this, I
i'tend to show our good Intentions. When
the new laws came out a few weeks ago,
Mr. Valentine and myself had a consulta
tion over the section of taxing bills of
lading by express companies, and we
unanimously agreed to comply and did
comply and placed stamps on all such
bills. In the mean time Colonel Evans,
3econd vice president and New York man
;i.ir'-r. had joined in with the heads of the
New York express companie-s, and he
with the others, agreed to make up a test
case and have it submtted to the Federal
court at that place the result of which
we will most cheerfully abide by.
"It will thus be seen that it is not the
company in this city that is setting itself
up as against the law and the people. Our
representative in New York having taken
the stand he did. as a matter of course
tied our hands here, though we were ever
so willing to bear our share of the public
burden, which we are at all times in the
paying of our taxes and licenses. But un
til the case is settled, and we hope it will
be soon, we must decline to place the
1-cent stamp upon the bills of lading."
Registration Picking Up.
There is a marked increase in the num
ber of citizens registering at the central
office during the past week, yet there is
considerable of a shortage as compared
with the corresponding number of days
in which the office was opened two years
ago. On this, the thirty-seventh day, the
number registered two years ago was 16,
012, whereas this year the number is only
10,525. But during the last five days there
has been a marked increase in the num
ber as compared with what had been the
case in the earlier days after the office
opened. Now the registration runs up
close to 1000 daily, whereas during the
earlier periods it did not exceed 200.
Citizens would do well to remember that
the last day in which they can place
their names on the voting register at the
central office is the 9th of August.
• ♦ •
Estate of James W. Cudworth.
The Inventory and appraisement in the
estate of James W. Cudworth was filed
yesterday. The estate consists of real
property, stocks and bonds and many
promissory notes, and is valued in total
at $138,325 25. Charles H. Kelley, J. F.
Leicester and Harry J. Lask appraised
the estate.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOi
O °'
q It Fays to Trade in the Mission. q
% Metal Bed. |
0 The Oliver Snail Head Metal Bed ;q|
P beautiful in design and finish, yet q[
& simple and sensible ; large brass bar q
jO at the head. I?,
© These beds were chosen to furnish *£
0 the large seminary at Menlo Park 0
Q against the competition of fifty other O
q designs. . . O)
O °
©■' tjjmW) O
jo %rTT*C3J~I ML o'
0 j 4ii In I o
_ R ' HO
%} . ... "
$ Sieee — Single, three- <tQ fin 5'
O -quarters, d0ub1e..... Qv»vU O
10 "We've motAl beds from $2 75 to $75. ©
> A Send for our Special Catalogs. n
, ** Bedding Department— Comforters, w
0 Blankets, Pillows, Mattt««Beß, O
q all at Mission prices. q
I PATTOSIEN'S I
2 Comer Sixteenth and Mission Streets. °
o o
io p 000000000 p pp p Qo\
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
ft tit : Tfir Full Set of Teeth
1 <&! V* ry&- extracting free $5005 00 up
c v^SJLA^26T Gold Crowns 32k J3 50 up
sK~^J*rjElur V Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
.^--'klsweScV^S Open Evenings &Sundays
B^dKffllSS^rE VAN VROOM
>*JWft \vOslT • Electro Dental Parlors
- r*»'lPr *»'IP : X r 'Sixth and Market
■'■/Tv w .'■'■■ Dr. Q.W. Kleiser, Prop.
ADVERTISEMENTS, i
Grand afternoon concert 2 to 5. We close at 6.
Program. jj
Boston Elite Orchestra. . LEO BRUCK, Director. 1
(Sohmer Grand Upright Piano used.) *
PART I. PART II. — (Continued.) J
I.— March, "Heroes of the War"..Komialc B— Selection, "The Geisha"..... Jones
Gavotte, "The First Heart-throbs" (Introducing popular airs from this favor-
Eilenberg ite opera.)
3 Overture, "Seralramide" Rossini 9 — "Dance dcs Sultans" Pollock
(One of the best, by the composer of "Will- 10— "Waltz, "The Beautiful Blue Dan-
lam Tell.") übe" Strauss
4— Waltz, "Barcarole" ...Waldteufel 11— Medley, "Coontown" Clarke.
s—Selection,5 — Selection, "Amorita" Czibulka ■ (Introducing: Coontown Guards —
6— "National Patrol" Keller Oh, — Can't bring him back— '*
(Introducing national airs.) A Shanghai laying for a Coon — ii
Jetney Queen— Honey " you'ee ma !
Lady Love— l want dem Presents *
PART n. Back — Mamy — Melinda Jenkins'
Wedding Day— Man from
7— Trombone solo, "The Lost Chord".. ■' Troy. 5
, Sullivan 12— March, "Smart and Prlra~....Sal)«.tmll
Soloist Mr. Louis Klotz. . "The Star-spangled Banner." ■?
Mrif'hf*!*' Q HjlV ' n more senses than one — there's many tempting Kerns
JTIULIICI » U<xy which. are for mother's use, but the following show
economy for the children. We say positively, and in the most straightforward way,
we shall sell children's reefers, suits and school dresses for less than they could be
made up for (let alone the cost of the material). Let your eyes and your common
sense be the judge. Come in — see them. p
Child's Reefer Jackets . . ♦ 65c j fluid's Empire Jackets . • « . • • 95c
Notch collar and revere, button high, In tan and green, combined with red,
top collar trimmed with braid In navy. sizes 4, 8 and 10 ( reduced from $2, g|
blue and tan, all sizes from 6 to 14 a|
years ; reduced from 95c to 65c. CMId'S RUSSlail BIOUS6 JaCketS. $1.60 I
Child's Reefer Jackets 98c '? ,d,, d , a " d bl " «' b « ld trimmed, in I
sizes 4 to 12 ; reduced from $2.50, i
In blue and red, trimmed with braid, -j
gilt buttons, sizes 4 to 12 years; re- n,fl/Vo rnnflQ flfU I
duced from $1.25. tIIUQ 8 tapeS ♦..•.000 I
n\iiAi* p«t,»»i i\,, nn .. no« in blue and S*™ 9 *' trimmed front and ■
Child S SChOOI DreSSeS 98C collar, with white braid, sizes 6to 8 i
In plaids, Checks and plain colors, an ears » reduced from 98c to 650. '|
odd lot (no two alike we mean), sizes There are over 200 children's garments If
from 6 to 10 years; reduced from to be closed out at these "way down" I
$2.25, $2.00 and $1.50 to 98c. prices. \
New arrival 2-clasp overseam Kid Gloves, embroidered f\f\ 1
Celebrated backs and quirk fingers, the swell $1 glove Cj)l« v/vf L|
uym r>j»yei °f tne season; colors, tan, mode, slate, j
H. O. gIOVeS green, blue, red, white, pearl and black-.. Pair. i
Sale of silk shirt waists, $2.95. J
Only nine dozen new Waists in India silk, navy and black, knife-pleated front, \'i
yoke back, perfect in fit and with new sleeves, all sizes. ;
937 = 939 = 94« = 943 = 945 = 947 Market Street. !
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
iSoSCO'SGRANDSCi
Walter Morosoo, Sole Lessee and Manager.
"OUR CALIFORNIA BOY."
JAMES M. BROPHY
In a Grand Spectacular Production of
]E§lilffi
Directed by MR. FREDERICK PAULDINO.
Beautiful Gipsy Camp CZc/^JXp.TSTTT!
i Great Shipwreck i^>\-^ JCUJ^i J— I .
Evening Prices .' 25c and 800
Family Circle and Gallery 100
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
i MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), JULY 16.
j Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
. dren. 10c, Any Part.
! JOSEPH HART AND CARRIE DE MAR,
i "The Quiet Mr. Gay"; BERT COOT AND
i JULIE KINGSLEY. "Supper For Two"; :
1 FLEURETTE. Charming Danseuse; MRS.
ALICE SHAW AND DAUGHTERS, Whistling
: Prlma Donnas; CHAS. WAYNE, Eccentric
Comedian: ANNA jCALDWELL, Comedienne;
JONES, GRANT AND JONES, Colored Trio;
FALKE AND LEMON, new act
COLUMBIA THEATER.
Last Three Times— Matinee To-day I
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
Presenting the Hilariously Funny
"LOST — 24 HOURS."
Next Monday— "LIBERTY HALL."
The Great Empire Theater Success.
XT n*7]in SEATS BY PHONE
AJLUAZ^AK- Main 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15.
1."5 c, 25c, 35c.
Every Night, Including Sunday,
LEWIS MORRISON
SPECTACULAR,
"FAUST
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY, July 16 and 17.
GREAT EIGHT DOG VETERAN STAKE,
FORTY-EIGHT DOG ALL-AGED STAKE
AND TWENTY-FOUR DOG CON-
SOLATION STAKE.
GRAND TOTAL JPRIZES - - $745
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leave Third and Townsend streets— Saturday,
1 p. m.; Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m., 1 and 2 p. m.
; Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five minutes
i later. Returning, leaves park immediately after
last course. Extra train from park Sunday,
4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars every ten
minutes.
ADMISSION, 25c; LADIES. FREE.
DASHES-QUICK ACTION-NO DELAYS
RACES! ||p£|& RACES!
TROTTINO BREEDERS' ASSOCIA-
TION. OAKLAND.
June 25th to July 23d Inclusive.
EVERY WEEK DAY.
BOOKS AND AUCTION POOLS.
ADMISSION FREE.
(Ladies free to grand stand. 500 admits *ren-
I tlemen to grand stand, betting ring and pad-
1 dock.) ='- ■ -■"-' .-• fli
Races Commence at 2 O' Clock.
Trains connecting with the 12, 1:30 and 2
o'clock boats 3top at the track.
SUTROJBATHS.
SUNDAY, JULY 17, AT 2:30 P. M.
CHAMPIONSHIP LONG DIVING CONTEST
PROFESSOR FRED McDERMID. the Aus-
tralian Champion. Will Attempt to Lower
the World's Record in This Event.
ALSO SWIMMING RACES.
50 yard. 75 yard, 100 yard and 120 yard races
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, Be.
A MERRY MASS OF ADIPOSITY!
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
AT THE CHUTES
Every. Afternoon and Evening.
COLBY AND WAY, GEORGE H. DIAMOND
. and a Great Vaudeville BUI in the
Free Theater. ; j
• I Attractions All Over the Grounds.
10c, Including Zoo j and ( Theater; Children, sc.
Af VMPI A Corner of Mason and Eddy Streets.
UL< I ill! I A More New Eastern Stars. Ordway j
& Rand, Thrilling Bicyclists; Quazlna, the
Male La Loie Fuller: Tom Ryan, "The Mad
Musician" ; Murray ■& ■ Reynolds; Reynolds;
Royce Sisters; Rockwell. Admission Free.
Matinee Sunday.
■ BASEBALL— RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison Ftreets.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE
- CHAMPIONSHIP PACIFIC COAST.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M. .:
SACRAMENTO ; (Gilt- Edges) vs. - ATHLETICS.
Admission 25c. Ladies Free.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Proprietor and Mantfir.
LAST NIGHTS.
Yon Suppe's Martial Opera,
FATINITZA I
Superbly Cast I Correctly Costumed; Elegantly
Mounted!
NEXT WEEK,
Planquette's Masterpiece,
"THH BELLS OF CORNEVILLB."
Popular Prices 25c and 800
No Telephone.
THE
WEEK.LV
C7ILL
o{ It Publishes the Cream of th«
News of the Week and
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
eJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON THE
7) PACIFIC COAST
3 The Best V / Mining
°j Telegraphic \^/ News That
°\ Service on /\ ' 9 Accurate
o< The Coast / \& up to data
*( / \
cU Not a Line of it Sensational
cJ or Faky. and Not a Line of
Z) it Dry or Uninteresting.
Cx Bright, Clean, A Champion of
) Thoughtful. Truth.
Of A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
Z) A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
J ALL THE TIME.
«
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BT
°) HOME MAIL, $1.5§
O( INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
MADE ME A MAN
/@> AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB
hj 4 7 /uk-kiwi" — Mem*
%3 -» ft I ory, Im potency. S leeplsssneE*. etc., caused
If ,\\ by Abase or other Excesses and India*
A idf&L cretions. They quickly and tureljt
Y^Zi restore Lost Vitality In old or young, «iil
yS^yC^k fit a man for study, business or marriage,
]B*i>aE» Prevent Insanity and Consumption it
taken in time. Their uso shows immediate lmpro79»
aientnnd effects a CDRE where all ether fail In-
sist upon hiving tho genuine AJax Tablets. They
have crrod thousands and will care yon. YVogiva apoa-
itive written cnaranteo to effect a cure CA ftf la
each case or refund ho money. Price V I per
Jingo or six pkces (fall treatment) for £USO. By
mail, in plain wrapper, upon receipt of price. Circular
fuse. A I A V REMEDY CO., 39 D«»rb«rn 8«»
For Bale in San Francisco by Lelpnltz * Co,
Si* Butter. No-Percent*** Pharmacy, HI ]Qob
|F?J ChlehMter'B Ebsllsb Diamrad Brand. ' -^
POhtcheiter's Ebsll-.li niamcnd Brand. '
ENNYROYAL PILLS
V -><E""X. firljjlnel and Only Genuine. /A.
. ■ Srjf^fcifS* b»fe, *lw»ys reliable, ladies uk /s\
P*,J\ jF*-MA D r' il; ! ' for Chichrtter » EngliiX Dia-MWW
if#*<fcjß^&|S'»wncf£r3«<i la Ked aad Gold meulUovUßr
: Tftt. — O|i»ibo!ie«, served with blue ribbon. Take VSf ;
7*l <£^k «Vtjno other. Refute dangerous tubititw V
I / ~ fw tions and imitationi. At D:air-i«ts, ot uad
I <•» Zff in ctampi for particulars, tfitlmoniiOj nil
\V* X? " Relief for Ladle*," in letter, by rrtnra
«-V ff Mall. 10.000 T--tlmoniilf. JTane Papir.
_ > *- — 7 Cht»'ie»t»rCacmicalOo.,Mii4{»o«iBflaara»
bid by all Local oruggl«ta. PIIILAOAn ?E
i _ . . - __ -
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and epeclfio tonic,
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
•exes, and a great remedy for diseases of ta#
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
128 Market Street B. F.— (Send for Circular.!
DR.MCNULTI
TniS WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE oh»
- J. &pe^ialistc^fl■«Prlvate,NervoU3,B!ood^ll(JSlcln
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20years' experience. Send for Book.free. Patients
enrednt Home. Terms reasonable. Hodtb, 9 to*
dally ; 6:3o to B.3o ev'frs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consults*
tloufree and sacredly con ndentla. 1 - . CaII or address.
l». ROSCOK Mc3iUI.TTV M. »., -
2G'a EEARNY STREET, SAN AN CISCO, OAi
78
BALL TEAMS
THAT
PASS IN REVIEW.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Clubs— Won. lost. Pet.
Rnornmento 10 - .833
Ban Jose 10 4 .714
Athletics 7 0 .553
Santa Cru2 6 7 .462
Fresno 7 9 .438
Ban Francisco 6 9 .400
Oakland 5 8 .885
Stockton 3 8 .273
One tie game to be played off by these teams.
The mighty Gilt Edges, who will be
with us to-day, still lead In the cham
pionship race. Close upon their heels,
however, and crowding them hard are the
Florists of San Jose.
This aggregation has been putting up
excellent bull nearly all season, yet bar
ring the pitching department is not
stronger than the majority of the other
clubs.
It la In the pitcher's box that they are
particularly strong and to this reason
more than any other do they owe their
present standing.
In the In and out fields the leaders are ;
Undoubtedly their superiors, but I am in- j
clined to believe that in tho pitching de- j
partment matters are about even, liar- j
ney is admittedly a great pitcher and Is j
ably supported by Mr. Doyle, a man of ;
ability.
I berg, on the other hand, has been
pitching great ball all season, backed up
by a' team which, as 1 said before, is !
Inferior when compared to the leaders.
Dunlin, the new man recently launched
before the baseball fraternity, did good .
•work. If the game he pitched on his first
appearance ut Recreation Park is any
criterion he is the filial of Doyle. How- ;
ever, as 1 have seen liarney. Doyle and j
Dunlin perform but once it is rather dif
ficult for me to compare their abilities
and do them justice.
The San Joses with their present team
are going to -give an -argument' and if
they do not catch the mighty Gilt Edges
It certainly will not be the fault of their
pftcherto. They must not, however, at- i
tempt to take things easy, for following
them at not a very great distance are
teams Just as good as they are, save in i
the ..pitcher's box, and .playing superb ;
ball. too. , ,
The Athletics have apparently struck
their gait, as have the Fresnos . and
Beachcombers, and the battle from now
on. considering the improved style or
play should be Interesting. If they are
able to offset the advantage the San Josea
have" over them by playing superior ball
the race will be extremely exciting and
well worth seeing. |
The coming games will make great ,
changes in the percentage table, and if |
those last three teams do not hurry up
all chances of participating in the dis
tribution of the prize money at the ex
piration of the season will be lost.
It Is really sorrowful to note the stand-
Ing of the Oaklands. This team, as I have
said on former occasions, contains many
good players. Why they should allow
themselves to be in seventh place grows
more puzzling every minute. \\ hat iaej
must do immediately is to wake up t..e r
pitchers. Both of them display mo'.e wild
ness In a single game than most pitchers
In the league do In a month. It all comes
G^t LL ff f C ter°thlm . C Ewmg. or the Stocktons
will forge ahead; and also acquaint your
players wiih the fact that the," are .a
seventh place. ,
The San Franciscos are gradually wend
ing their way toward the bottom or th»;
list, and I fear ihat it Is only a matter or
lime before they will wrest the honors
from Its present occupants.
They woke up last Sunday long enough
to participate in one of the grandest
games of the season. If they will only
continue to play as they did on that oc
casion a glorious surprise awaits the root
ers of this city. , , .
There is Indescribable consolation to be
derived from the fact that they still lead
the boys from across the bay. A player
remarked to me only yesterday. "Wbtt a
beautiful struggle the Oaklands and
FrISCOS are having for last place: It
certainly does take on such an appear
ance yet In view of that thirteen inning
game I considered the Joke ill-timed. Had
It been delivered a week ago, however, I
must confess that it would have been ap
preciated to an astonishing degree.
All this talk about Mr. Raver going- to
take charge of the team has dwindled
down to a proposition of "almost impos
sible." However, a few of th is« in a po
sition to give information insist that such
Is the case and that it will only be £ mat
ter of time. Others claim that the re
doubtable Colonel T. P. Robinson has
been offered the management, but I am
Inclined to believe that T. P. in perfectly
satisfied with his position in thi league
He would no doubt, with his experi^n^e,
considerably Improve the team. It does
not make much difference who takes
charge, so long as the team wins and
plays good ball. If it is not beyond the
possibilities for this team to line up to its
superb work of last Sunday, who knows
but what Murphy or Hammond will Ye
candidates for the position. The. team at
any rate has played one good game this
season ; we can but wait and see what
they will do next.
To-day the crack Gilt Edges will be vis
ible at Recreation Park for the first time
this season. It is needless to say that
the game will be a good one— it could
hardly be otherwise. Oposed to them will
be the Athletics, with Fitzpatrlck in the
box. The line up:
Gilt Edges. Positions. Athletics.
Stanley Catchpr .' Eager
Harvey Pitcher Fitzpatrlck
Hennfißßey First base Py ne
Hughes Second base Rellly
People* Third base Johnson
I>->okhen<l Shortstop Stultz
Borland Left field. ....McLauKhlln
Khanahan Center field Ford
Doyle Right field Ililderbrand
PROPOSED REVISION
OF DOG SHOW RULES
Changes Suggested by Fanciers,
Members of the Various
Kennel Clubs.
The San Francisco Kennel Club has not
received many replies as yet to the Invi
tation to a. conference, sent out to the
different kennel and specialty clubs of
the roa«t. The St. Bernard Club of Cali
fornia has refused the Invitation, stating
that Its members are quite satisfied with
the rules on classification as last amended
by the American Kennel Club.
The meeting of the Pacific Mastiff Club
is scheduled for next Thursday night,
and the report of the committee on rules,
if adopted, will Instruct the delegate of
that club to propose to the convention the
following alternative set of rules:
First, puppy class, as at present; sec
ond, novice class, optional with club hold-
Ing show; third, open class, open to. all
dogs; fourth, junior class, open to dogs
not having won four first prizes, wins in
puppy and novice classes excepted; fifth,
senior class, open to dogs having won four
or more first prizes In open or Junior
classes; three wins in senior class to en
title to championship; sixth, champion
class..-.'.
These rules have been indorsed by dele
gates of other clubs, to whom they have
been submitted. It is claimed that they
have the merit of providing competition
by means of the class open to all dogs, and
yet, that they prevent the cheapening of
championships, so much deprecated by
fanciers.
The report of the Pacific Mastiff Club's
committee on rules embodies a recommen
dation that no win In the senior < lass
should count toward a championship, un
lees there has been competition in the
class.
'George Bell, the Judge of the recent San
Francisco Bench Show, will be summoned
as a witness by the board of directors of
the Kennel Club to give evidence in the
matter of Mr. Samuel's complaint In the
case of the bull-terrtor, Scaldy Mike. It
[a claimed by competent Judges that Mr.
Bell's disqualification of the euphoniously
named bone of contention was not sound
ly based. An examination of the standard
of the bull-terrier club discloses no clause
authorizing the disqualification of a dog
on acount of a black spot.
A. Bennett, who Is taking Emmet Sulli
van's setters across the continent to com
pete in the Eastern field trials, reports
t that his proteges are doing well. Ho
claims that the "string" from the Golden
State will make our Eastern compatriots
open. their eyes, He seems certain of be
ing in the money. There can be no ques
tion .that dog» with the reputation of
Hope's Hill. Dash Antonio and Lock will
prove to be a combination equal to the
best that they will meet, even though
those be the best "that come out of the
East."
FUTURE CYCLING
MEETS
BUT NO TOURING.
Since the annual State meet at Sacra
mento on July 4 affairs have been dull
in wheeling circles ami there Is little
likelihood of a revival until the end of
August. A race meet at Stockton on Au
gust 28 and the succeeding events on Sep
tember 9 and IS and October 9 will at
tract attention. As a general thing there j
is little doing in cycling at this season j
of the year, as the roads are too dusty j
and the weather too warm for comfort- j
able touring in the country and clubs and
Individuals wait for the fall months.
The Terminal City Wheelmen of Stock
ton will hold a race meet on the Good
water Grove track on Sunday, August 28,
and work has already commenced to
place the track in first-class shape. The j
events will Include a ten-mile county i
championship, two-mile handicap, one- !
half mile scratch and one-quarter mile
dash, the latter three events open to all j
amateurs. Liberal prizes will be awarded
and many entrants from this city. Oak- :
land and San Jose are expected.
The San Francisco Road Club will have '
a run to Petaluma to-morrow, taking the |
8 a. m. Tiburon ferry-boat and train to i
Saji Rafael. Robinson, O'Malley, E. Lew
is, Feillng and several members of the i
road club are preparing for a camping ;
trip through Lake and Mendocino coun- |
ties shortly.
EC Rhys, trainer an# manager of the
new Bay City "phenom," Ivan Tread well,
FLEET HOUNDS OF THE LEASHMEN VICTORS ON MANY FIELDS
1b going to take his charge to the Santa
Cruz Mountains for a few weeks, and on
their return will prepare for the meets
at Stockton on August 28 and San Jose
on September 9.
Dr. Thomas L. HIM "of the " Ray City
Wheelmen is away on a ■wheeling trip
through Yellowstone National Park, ac
companied by Mrs. Hill.
Lucien Prince, who won the amateur
championship of the Southern States last
year, is now here with tin- Tennesai c
Volunteers encamped at Camp Merritt,
being orderly to Colonel Smith. He is
eaid to be one of the fastest amateurs
in the United States. ranking with Pea
body, Powell and Kenna. The local men
would like to see him in a match with
Wing, Peck and "Bunt" Smith.
Henry F. Wynne, the organizer and
backbone of the California Cycling Club,
has gone, back to his first love, the Bay
City Wheelmen, having recently rejoined
the latter club.
The recent accident to two Oakland
riders, Mortimer MrCowan and Gainford
Hughes, in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
when they were both badly bruised and
their wheels demolished by attempting to
ride a dangerous hill, brings vividly to
attention the good work the California
Associated Cycling Clubs are doing in
this direction. In all parts of the Stf.te
where the association officials are aware
there are dangerous inclines sign boards
are put up. notifying cyclers of the dan
ger. This work cannot all be done in a
day, and it takes money to carry it on,
and tne hill upon which the Oakland
riders met with an accident has not yet
been marked with a sign board. The
moral is that every touring wheelman
should be possessed of a road book telling
of dangerous grades and curves, and
should also help the work being done by
joining the association and contributing
his mite to the fund. One dollar a year
is surely cheap Insurance for a rider who
travels much, and the two On.klanders
would gladly have given ten times that
amount apiece to have been In a posi
tion to avert the accident which befall
them, spoiling their outing. Send to the
cycling editor of The Call for application
blanks and full data regarding the asso
ciation.
H. W. SPALDINQ.
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
FIELD OF SPORT
YACHTSMEN MAKE
MERRY
AT SAUSALITO.
This evening there will be & dance at
the San Francisco Yacht Club house.
Sausalito, under the management of the
house committee, consisting of Port Cap
tain Dr. A. W. McKenzle, Secretary
Charles B. Hill and Financial Secretary
\Y. G. Morrow. For the convenience of
visitors a tug will leave Mission-street
wharf 1 at T:3O p. m., returning from Sau
salito at 11 o'clock.
Commodore T. 1.. Hill and Mrs. Hill
started last Saturday for a cycling trip
through Yellowstone Park, leaving the
flagship Cygnus in the charge of E. C.
Bartlett. formerly financial secretary of
the San Francisco Yacht Club. Last Sun
day B. C. Bartlett with a party of friends
sailed to El Campo, ac did also Arthur
D. Naylor in his sloop Twilight and
Messrs. Eaton and Lowell in the yawl
Frolic.
At th'> last meeting of the directors of
San Francisco Yacht Club the commo
dore appointed as delegates to the Pacific
Interclub Yacht Association: Arthur D.
Naylor of the sloop Twilight. L. Q. Haven
Of the sloop Sappho, and George S. An
<lr«>s. who is not a yacht-owner, the con
stitution of the association requiring that
one of the delegates from each club shall
be a non-owner.
The Pacifies have a cruise to Vallejo
and return and the Corinthians a cruise
to Marlu Islands and return scheduled
for to-day and to-morrow. The Kncinals
have their annual class flag regatta
scheduled for this afternoon, but so few
of the boats are In racing trim that the
event has been postponed. The yawl Em
erald and the sloops Vixen and Fawn
are cruising up the Sacramento River.
Among the Corinthian yachts cruising
In the upper bay last Sunday were Com
modore Carl Westerfeld's sloop Aeolus,
Secretary K. B. Lathrop's sloop Pride, F.
F. Am'-:-' sloop Elia, Andrew Thome's
yawl Seven Bell.s. E. Donohoe's sloop
Speedwell. J. M. Patrick's Thetis. A. J.
Lyons' Freda and A. J. Young and T. W.
Hansom's sloop (Mara.
T. Hansom, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Hopps
and friends started last Monday for a
Week's cruise in the Clara.
Tho following new members were elect
ed at the last meeting of the Corinthi
ans: J. B. Eichbaum, F. H. Meyer, C. L.
Griffith, J. G. Keeling, H. W. Westerfeld
and <;. R. Lauinger.
There is an open date on the programme
of the California Yacht Club and the
event arranged for to-morrow is the re
gatta for the Wallace trophy. The re
gatta "will be postponed until the end of
August, as by that time George Miller's
sloop Occident, which goes into commis
sion and makes her first cruise to-mor
row, will be in racing trim. The later
date will afford a good opportunity for
trying out the club yachts for the Pacific
Interclub Association's regatta on Sep
tember 4.
Secretary Gaither's sloop U & I Is still
on the mud at Vallejo. The owner and
his crew will go up to Vallejo to-day to
bring her down.
The crew of the sloop Hazel, which
went on the rocks off Selby's Smelting
Works last week, will also go after their
boat.
Hard -work Is being done on J. J. Sher
ry's yawl Gypsie, which is expected to be
In commission shortly. Her rigging is at
the clubhouse.
Sydney Marshall of the Callforniaa has
joined the Alameda contingent and is
now at Camp Barrett.
E. N. Walter's sloop Embla had on
board last Sunday Commodore and Mrs.
C. J. Lancaster and Frank Langstroth.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
RIFLEMEN AWAIT
THE NEXT
BUND FESTIVAL.
Since the officers of the National
Schuetzen Bund have decided to hold the
next shooting festival in Son Francisco
in 1901, this event being held every three
years, the riflemen of this city have talked
of nothing else. Those who are the most
Interested have plenty of work to attend
to before the festival Is an assured fact.
According to the latest Information the
holding of the contests here Is conditional
upon the raising of $100,000 as a guarantee
fund. Large as It appears to be, the local
enthusiasts are confident that they can
eaßlly place this amount at the disposal
of the Bund.
The question may be asked why so large
a sum as this is 'necessary for such .vn
event. The answer is that the holding of
the festival here, as well as at any place,
is a big undertaking. In the first place
the prizes must be of such a value as to
induce men to cross the continent and to
come from Europe. Although it Is neces
sary for this amount to be guaranteed. It
does not follow that all or even any part
of it will be expended. With a good at
tendance and liberal entries the festival
will pay of itself, even though the cash
prizes and medals amount to thousands
of dollars. The marksmen have to pay
for every score they shoot, and the rev
enue from this source is always a large
sum. This is shown by the receipts of
entrance money at the festival in ISKi. In
all 10.127 point tickets were sold, amount
ing to $10,127. Ring tickets, 1892. netting
$3784. Man target tickets, 1145, $2290. mak
in(g a grand total entrance money of
52G.459.
All of the local rifle clubs have agreed
to unite and make the coming event a
success in every particular. A 1 the pres
ent time there are only two clubs mem
bers of the bund, but it Is expected that
before the time of meeting arrives all the
Pacific Coast organizations will be united.
This can only lie done by burying the
hatchet In the matter of old differences,
for it is useless to pretend that the best
of leeling has always existed among the
clv.bs. To accomplish the desired resuiui
the responsibilities, work and honors of
preparing for the festival must bo fairly
divldt-d among the several clubs. An at
tempt for one club, one clique or one man
to "run the whole shooting mutch" 1 will
end in discord that would throw the affair
into a disgraceful muddle.
Now Is the time for the riflemen to Join
hands and adopt the motto "Unity iinrt
Success," A move in the right direction
has already been taken. The San Fran
cisco Schuotzen Vermin Is the largest and
wealthiest organization of the kind in th.»
West and It is a member of tha bund. It
was thin body that took the first steps in
the matter, and its efforts w°re seconded
by the Columbia Pistol and Kin» Club,
the only other member of the b.md on thl*
coast The i\: st brought together the rep
resentatives of all the other clubs, whU h
promised to give their support. Within
the last few days the Turner Schuetzen,
Cal'fornla Schuetzon, Krleger '/ereta, Han
Jcse Turner Schuetzen and three cluba of
Sacramento have promised to loin the
bund.
The members of the California Srhuei
zen Club are preparing for their annur.l
shocting festival, which will take place in
September. At the next meeting commit
tees will be appointed for the event.
M. J. WHITE.
Driving Association Races.
At a meeting: of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Association last Tuesday It was
determined to promote two days' racing
September P and 10. The programme will
Include double team races and other nov
elties. J. O. Klrkpatrick presided, and F.
W. Thompson ax-ted as secretary of the
meeting.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed as a Salesman, In
next Sunday's Call.
SPEEDY HOUNDS
OUT FOR
VALUABLE STAKES
There is much good coursing scheduled
j for to-day at botn parks. At Ingleside
j two stakes will be run— an event for dogs
j that have not won third or better during
the past six months and a special cham
pion contest. At Union Park there will
I also be two stakes, a contest between
; eight veterans and an all-age, open event
I embracing fifty-six candidates.
The latter and the non-winner stake at
! Ingleside embrace many keen performers
i and are of about the same quality, while
the champion stake at Ingleside has In
deed brought out champions. The run
: ning at both parks will begin at the usual
i hour and continue through to-morrow.
According to the talent False Flatterer
I has a pipe cinch on the open stake at
! Union Park. Still, the books are giving
1 4 to 1 against him.
Jim Edmonds has a new one In at Union
! to-day In Master Mate. As he Is up
1 against Minneapolis he must needs be a
good one to save entrance money.
Magoulto bids fair to run strongly at
! Ingleside to-day. Last week he was tried
' out with Duncan's Royal Chief and won.
Duncan alleged that his dog did no: git
1 a sufficiently long slip. They were put
: In again, and this time the slipper held
■ the dogs until, in response to his ques-
I tlon, Mr. Duncan declared himself satls
| fled. It was a remarkably long slip, but
j again Magneto won. Magneto is
, only a pup. but he is a Magnet pup, and
1 Magnet's many victories at Ingleside long
■ since made him famous.
Besides the two chief stakes at Union
Park, a consolation event will also be
run. to which no entry fee will be
charged.
Handy & Smith's Ida, now in kennel
at Ingleside, Is fast getting into shape.
Ida's record beyond the mountains is one
of many victories. She stood the trip out
very badly, and it will take another week
or two to bring her back to top-notch
shape.
The so-called "boxing" method recently
adopted at I'nion Park In slipping the
hares receives much commendation. It
certainly saves much delay.
It is reported that Cashier, a young and
promising Eastern dog. has been pur
chased by a local leashman, and will
shortly arrive on the coast.
Commencing: about August 1, the Inter
state Coursing Club officials contemplate
many Improvements at Ingleside. One vt
the first, and best, will be the changing
of the drawings to Thursday nights.
Koolawn is back at Ingleside again this
week, after a brief rest. She has only
had one week's training, but at that she
should do some torrid work. Koolawn Is
a dog that comes back in a very short
time.
The aggregate money disbursed at both
parks this week In prizes Is over $1500.
Five years ago the stakes were deemed
liberal at $50. Over 10,000 people will view
the sport at the two parks to-morrow. A
like period ago 200 constituted a crowd.
In the rjaridball Courts.
The customary game of handball will be
played In P. Ryan's San Francisco court
at 858 Howard street ■ to-morrow. The
principal matches follow:
J. Collins and K. Curley vs. R. Murphy and
J. White.
J. Leonard and P. . Hutchlnson vs. P. -Ryan
and M. McClure.
R. Uousman and E. Barry vs. M. Basch and
J. Hogan.
A. Pennoyer and W. Kelly ts. P. Kelly, and
O. Hutchlnson. , \
A. Antron and T. Clements vs. B. Clements
and W. Hassell.  . . . - ■* ■■•. .
J. Rlordon and E. Maloney vs. M. J. Kiltcal
lon and M. Dillon. .
s J. C. Nealon'and R. Llnehan vs. T. V. Bon
net and A. Hampton. , ■ , .
■ 1 ■
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach.
PULL A LUSTY
OAR IN
TRAINING SPINS.
The special sculling race between Alex
ander Pape of the Dolphin Swimming and
Boating Club and William McCausland of
the Ariel Rowing Club, which fell through
because the latter could not secure the
use of W. O. Patch's sculls, Is still the
subject of discussion among oarsmen.
Dr. C. C. Dennis of the South End Row-
Ing Club feels that he ought to defend
the championship against Pnpe. He has
announced his Intention of meeting him
If the club can procure a new skiff from
Al Rodgers in time for the annual cham
pionship meeting. It Ik also possible that
Frank Dupllssea may enter the cham
pionship skiff race.
The South Knd Rowing Club has re
ceived a new s«t of burge oars from, the
Bast. The club will enter a senior and
junior crew for the four-oar events at El
Campo on July 24. It the officials of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic I'nlon decide that Robert McArthur
has not forfeited his amateur standing
the "midget" crew may compete again.
The senior crew will be made up as fol
lows: James Pallas, bow; Matt Breen
forwardwaist: (Jus Carson, afterwaist'
and Ed Scully stroke. The Junior barge
crew will be selected from the following-
E. Blumlein. C. Jenkins, \V. Barry, J. Bo
gan, C. Skelley and Len Hausler. If the
last-named rows he will be the stroke oar.
The South Ends have lately lost by
death a very popular member "and expert
oarsman— Dan Connolly, who rowed In the
crew which won the junior barge cham
pionship a,, the Sacramento regatta in 18%
Ho was a Native Son, a line singer, and a
good fellow.
' The South Ends' semi-annual election of
officers held last Tuesday, resulted as fol
lows:' President, John D. Mahoney; vice
president. T. I. Fitzpatrick. recording sec
retary, Herbert Hawkins; financial sec
retary. James Feehan; treasurer, Joseph
O Dea; captain, William Thomas; vice
captain. Joseph Lyons; sergeant-at-arm«,
James Pallas; board of trustees, William
Barry, Charles Creighton, Alexander Me
Geo . r^> Matthew Breen and George Fox.
J\t°- i? tCh °? the Do 'PhJn» over-exert
ed himself on July 3, by rowing in the
skiff race immediately after a hafclbarg®
race. He has wisely decided to take a
two months' respite from rowing and
sculling. The Dolphins will emeV a junto?
crew, which will be made up thus" F
T'Tfin'nW* : V- M - barren, afterwaisti
T. J. Hopkins, forwardwaist; and E. J
Bartman, stroke.
Three Ariel barge crews are going out
for regular practice: . The Wilson the
Lynch and the Turner's crews. The Wil
son crew is made up: J. Wilson, stroke,
E. McKenna.afterwalst; J . O'Connell.
forwardwaist; . H. Wilson, bow. The
Lynch crew consists of E. Lynch, stroke.
F. Loth . afterwalst; A. Haughton for
wardwaist; and E. McDonough, bow. The
members of the Turner's or German crew.
C. Haas. "V\ . Haustein. W. Oechsle, and
E. Steffern. have been at San Jose, win
sk?lf or an PrlZeS for &>' mnastl «
i, A i ! he . B rS ml * annual election of officer*
held last Tuesday at the Alameda Boat
Club house the following were elected;
President, C. A. Smith; vice-president. W.
G. Hansen; secretary, W. B. Hinchman;
treasurer. George H. Miller; captain, E.
M. Hunter; lieutenant. D. Greenleaf; ex
ecutive board. H. Crone, F. Ayers and At
well Webb. The question of forming an
oarsmen s association of the Pacific Coast,
and Joining the National Rowing Associa
tion of the United States, was discussed.
It is proposed to ask the rowing clu*bs to
send five delegates -each to a general
meeting to be held shortly.
if The . Alamedas have a senior . and a
Junior crew ; in training ■• for the barge
races at El Campo, the senior crew con
sisting of E. Hadcock, E. W. Hansen. At
well Webb and. F. Ayers: and the Junior
crew of Chester Ayers, D. Greenleaf, E.
M. Hunter and a fourth man not yet
chosen.
TROUT RISE TO
THE FLY
ON THE TRUCKEE
The fishermen who have visited the
Sierra Nevada Mountains this season
have enjoyed grand sport. M. J. Geary,
sporting editor of The Call, and a recog
nized authority on angling, has been at
Boca for a fortnight. He writes enter
tainingly of the trout fishing, saying:
Trout llshing on the Truckee River Is better
now than it has been for some years past.
Angl-rs who Intend visiting this vicinity, how
ever, must not think that with the mere cast-
Ing 01 a hook in the stream It wiil return
with scales. Trout, ulthough very plentiful In
this stream., are not to be fooled by every Tom
Dick and Harry who may wet a line w"lth the
sole Intention of creeling in the so-called
"speckled beauties." Truut— l refer to fish of
from ten inches up to eltfht pounda in weight
have, in the language of the turfite, "horse
sense," and will not be fooled as easily as
many anglers imagine. Still an expert— a man
who has had practical experience and wh<»
understands how to present a fly properly to
the king of the mountain streams— can always
rely on good sport In the Truckee Illver. There
are times when trout fishing Is comparatively
good and bad, and that n;t-uns either joy or
OlagUft to the emulators of Walton. I am
pleased to have the opportunity of stating that
the fishing Ik now really good and anglers who
are anticipating a trip to this section of the
country should not postpone their proposed out
ing. The river is extremely low this year be
cause of the scarcity of snow on the moun
tains, consequently fly fishing at certain times
of the day Is first-class. AVhen the sky is over
cast the sport Is good from morning until
night, but >.n bright days the best angling
hours are from 2 to ."> o'clock and from 7 until
8:30 p. m. The largest fish are caught from
sundown until after dark. The flies that aro
.li'lntc the best Work are the Iloyal Governor.
Coachman, Grizzly King, March Brown una
Professor. My catch of four days consisted of
fifty-two pounds, or an average of thirteen
pounds per day. of trout ranging from twelve
Inches up to three pounds in weight. Henry
Skinner, George Walker, La Forge and Mr. '
Reed have done very well. La Forge fishps
solely with a spinner of his own manufacture,
and Invariably returns with large fish. He de
sires The Call to state that If Frank Dolllver,
Charles Precht or Louis Rondeau of San Fran
ctaco will Journey to Boca they can be accom
modated In a race at the favorite game of
spoon casting. A party of anglers will visit
Little Truckee River on Friday, where big
catches of cutthroat trout are expected. I
ahull now reel up.
The following ladies and gentlemen are
enjoying the magnificent climate and
angling at Boca:
.1. F. Halton. Alameda: C. V. Sullivan.
Menlo Park; George Walker. Pan Francisco:
K. E. Fazafkerly, San Francisco; F. M. Var
dun. Auburn; \V. D. Mansfipld, San FranclßCo;
A. S. Carman, Oakland: Mr. Balrd and wife,
Reno; H. E. Skinner, W. Kelleher, William
Rldell. Mr. Campbell, Mrs. Campbell and son.
San Francisco; Robert Johns. Wadsworth; W.
A. Bates. John Paul Gallagher, J. J. Hamil
ton, Mrs. W. A. Bain, Mrs. A. M. Robertson.
Miss Ruth Robertson and Mrs. Mary Robert
son, San Francisco; F. N. Reed. Mrs. F. N.
Reed, Miss Heed. San Leandro;; Judge J.
Carroll and R. (5. Schroder, San Francisco:
Hurt Laford. Reno; Miss Watklns. Miss E.
Rlxon and Miss A. Rlxon. San Francisco; J.
R. Howell, San FranWsco; W. A. Guild. Sac
ramento; J. M. Estudillo, San Leandro.
Al dimming, one of the best known and
most thorough sportsmen on the coast,
has just returned from his annual vaca
tion, and is loud In his praise of the grand
fishlnj? to bo had at Webber Lake and the
Streams within ten miles of that resort.
Our party, which consisted of P. J. Tormey,
Captain George Cummlne, Eli Marks. David
Pachs and myself, left here on June 2, said
Mr. Cummins; yesterday. We made our head
quarters at Webber Lake and had the best
possible sport. I averaged thirty-five trout
a day for three weeks and the general aver
age of all our party was twenty. Our favorite
tiles were the "Blue Wing," "Bumble Bee."
"Black Ant." "March Brown," "Professor"
and "Blue Bottle." With them we used N'n.
2 and 3 hooks. From Webber I went to White
Rnck Lake with "Jack" Samml and A. B.
Finch. I killed thirty-three. averaging from
three-quartern to one and one-quarter pounds.
AVlth Mr. Finch and George Gage I went to
Jackson Creek on the old Hennls Pass road,
ten miles (mm Webber. My companions fished
up-stream, while I went down the stream. Be
tween them they secured forty trout of the
cm-throat variety, while I was more fortu
nate and caught thirty that weighed eighteen
pounds.
Our next trip was to Fore Pyce, eight miles
from Webber by the wagon road. The first
day we landed eigfcXy-sf:ven, averaging a half
pound each, while the next day our total catch
whs io~. I tried the Little Truckee River at
the outlet of Webber Lake and secured twenty
four fair fish. The best fishing on, the Little
Truckee is over the mountain from Sage Urn,
a small stage station.
In Webber I^ake are Loch Levin, Bon d» Bar,
Eastern red-speckled brook trout, land-loikea
salmon anil cut throat trout. Two hundred and
fifty of the Loch Levin trout were placed In
the lake two years since and 2500 last year.
They have thrived wonderfully and will pro
vide the greatest possible sport three years
hence. When caught now they are Invariably
turned back by the sportsmen, although re
ports to the contrary have been circulated In
this city. They are the most beautifully col
ored fish In the world and the gamest. Some
pound-and-a-half nsh have been landed only
after the most desperate struggles, and what
they will do when they attain the weight of
four pounds Is hard to conjecture. They will
play havoc with five-and-a-half-ounce rods.
From the size of the fish that have been taken
it is evident that they are breeding and will
multiply rapidly. We made our headquarters
at S. T. Burton's at "Webber Lake. This is
off the line of the railroad, an equal distance
from Boca and from Truckee. From here all
points can be reached readily.
All through the Sierra Nevada Mountains Is
simply a sportsman's paradise this year.
Owing to the light snowfall deer are plentiful
and bears are also to be found. Grouse and
mountain quail are doing exceedingly well and
will provide magnificent sport in September,
when the season opens. There have been but
few sheep in the valleys this year, no that they
have not injured the nests as in the past. In
Sierra Valley snipe shooting is at its best.
Swlrrjmers to Race at Sutro Batrjs.
A number of swimming and diving con
tests will take place at Sutro Baths to
morrow. The entries in the principal
events follow:
Juvenile race, maiden— J. Clothe, A. Mlllpr,
W. Andrews, B. White. A. Kent. G. Moore.
Underwater swimming or long diving — O.
Bundy, G. Winkler, G. Nailer, G. le Rue, A.
Conroy, B. Leross.
100 yard SDeoia.l inter-reglmental, for the
rlitimplonship of volunteers — G. Bundy, A.
Seaman. Montana: A. Bodle, Montana: G.
Wlnkler, Washington; J. Miller, Kansas; A.
Stnmbaugh, lowa.
Trick and fancy diving, spring board — A.
Coble, O. A. C; O. dough. C. A. S. C. ; G.
Rothburg. I. S. C. : F. Burnett. C. A. S. C. :
D. Carroll. 9. F. A. C. ; A. Winters. P. S. C;
G. Diamond. I. S. C.
120 yard handlcarv- A. Hall. C. A. S. C. : A.
Coble. L. S. C. ; H. Hirshfleld. P. S. C. : D.
Carroll, C. A. S. C. : O. Ringrose. B. F. A. C.
Trapeze and high dlvlng-F. Green. P. S. C. :
R. Cornell, C. A. S. C. : O. Schulte, C. A, 8.
C. : A. O. Baker. " A. C.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
KB I** I'KK cured by his new method,
without knife, truss or detention from
■work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. V.*RK'<M'I!LK, hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated wit.* unfailing success. <onta.
Klou»K lou» ltlond pni* >i. in any of Its
stages thoroughly eradicated from the
system, l-s-ikiex win receive special
attention for 'I their many ailments
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health."
free of charge. Address F L.
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street. San
Francisco, Cal.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
HOTTEST KIND OF SPORT I
A CHAMPION STAKE!
A STAKE FOR NON- WINNERS!
ENORMOUS ENTRY-HIGH CLASS.
TO-DAY. 1 P. M.-TO-MORROW. U A. M.BUT CHIEF LEES SLEPT,
Pandemonium and Cries of "Murder"
Merelu Lull the Drowsu Ear of
the City's Senile Warden,
Chief Leefl was sleeping— sleeping the sound, exhausted sleep of the aged.
T'p the street came the noise of men's voices, raised in angry altercation,
followed by the sound of swift Mows, fiercely dealt. Agonized screams en
sued, cries* of "Don't hit me again! You're killing me! Murder! Murder!"
Nearer and nearer they came, the voices of two men mingling In a
drunken brawl, by the house, under the very window of the supposed protec
tor of the public peace, but no sound stole o'er the drowsy senses of the
sleeping Chief.
Out Into the stillness o{ the night rang the frenzied shriek of a police
man's whistle, blown by a frightened woman, whose slumber had been dis
turbed Tn the windows of the hotels that decorate the block where Chief
Lees' habitation rears Its haughty head figures appeared one after another,
in their Blumber robes, which were distinctly visible In the light of the lamps
that dimly winked upon the corners.
Crazy drunk and Bhrieking as though pursued by angry devils, the man,
who had now been deserted by his companion, chnse as the base of his oper
ations a hotise not five doors from the Chiefs. He ascended the stairs, and
belligerently and vociferously demanaed admittance. This being refused, he
force it by breaking through ihe glass panel of the door. Then,
Btumbling <i wn the steps, he peeled »iff coat and vest and hat, dropped them
in a heap upon the sidewalk, and started down the street again, still shout-
Ing and yelling, the blood from his wounded hand making a distinct track
behind his wavering footsteps.
All this in the "woo, sma' hours" of the morning. To the policeman's
whistle, to the Bummons ttleplioned to police headquarters, nor policeman,
nor night-watchman (.and there are two paid to watch the block) put in an
appearance. Nor did the old Chief once awaken to the fact that his dear
publ- ' tion. In all the adjacent houses, lights appeared,
but that of the Chief never once shook off the dark mantle that night had
v -it :t.
\\ hai it the neighborhood was frightened— what If. drunken soldiers did
Invade the block? All that was as nothing in comparison with the fact that
Ia es needed his slumber, for every one knows that he has long since
arrived at the period when exhausted brain and body need all the sleep that
they car. get.
And so, the senile Chief slept on.
AUTHORITY ON
HUMAN HEARTS
Arrival of Professor All
butt of Cambridge.
RECOMMENDS THE BICYCLE
IT MUST, HOWEVER. BE USED IN
MODERATION.
Distinguished Medical Savant Will
Lecture to the Students
of the Cooper
College.
On® of the most famous physicians of
rorld, l>r. T. C. Allbut. Regius pro
■ of the in' -•■ ;a Cambridge
ereity, arrived last night from Eng
. and Is stopping at th> Palace. Pro
r Allbutt comes to this city at tlv in
vltation, of the Cooper Medical Faculty,
and while h<-re will deliver a series of ten
lectures at Cooper College on "Diseases
Pt."
The lectures will not be tor the general
I>ub?lc. Professor Allbnt Is one ot the
greutest authorities on the diseases of the
vital organ, and his lectures will be tech
nical In character and specially adapted
for medical students and physicians, Ha
la of the new school of physicians, and
to-day stands as the foremost authority
among the modern physicians who have
de-voted much of th. time to the con
sideration of the effect of exercise % upon
the heart. , •
Professor Allbutt was appointed regius
professor by the crown six years ago.
He has written several works on medi
cine, the most Important of which Is "All
butt's System of Medicine." Five volumes
of this work have been published, the
sixth is in print but not yet issued, and
the seventh is in preparation.
•'The criticisms on.; hears against the
use of the bicycle," he said, "on account
of Its ill effects are gross exaggerations.
The bicycle, if used in moderation, will
not tied the heart in the least. The
g.eat trouble is that bicycle riding may
become Insidious. It is so easy and so
delightful that we do not know when to
rest; and wo just go on riding. The next
day we feel it. and then we wish we
made about ten miles less, but the Idea
of the "bicycle heart' is absurd. The bi
cycle Is a most pleasurable means of ex
e'reise. and need only be used with lea
son and no evil effects need be antici
pated. Women at times use the wheel in
judiciously. They ride distances that tax
Th«-ir strength too severely, though at the
time they do not notice the exhaustion
wrought upon their system."
Tho ten lectures that will be delivered
before the faculty and the students of
the Cooper Medical College will begin on
Monday. There wil be two lectures
dally— one In the afternoon and one In the
evening, from Monday to Friday.
I*rofos=sor Allbutt will leave San Fran
cisco for Japan on the 26th of this month.
I is trip to the Orient will be one of pleas
ure solely. _^^^^^^_____
COMES TO RENEW
OLD ACQUAINTANCES
JOSEPH D. REDDING, BOHE
MIAN,' HERE ON A VISIT.
Seeks Respite From His Labors in
New York — Accompanied by
Ignacio Martinetti.
Joseph D. Reding, the well-known at
torn, ohemlan, arrived here yes
: w York on his annual pil
grimage to this coast. He is a member
* the must prominent law linns
df New York and invariably comes West
at this season to renew his old friendships
and. Incidentally-, to escape the fierce
hi at of Manhattan Island.
first thoughts were of his dearly
■ in to the home of which
he hastened immediately upon his ar-
The owls all Minked a welcome to
S, who In his leisure moments
is ar. art and musical critic and com
poser ■• ability. Mr. Redding will be the
guest at many gatherings in the red room
irn in this city, which he
<l borne for bo many years.
tie ia accompanied by Ignacio Marti
n>'tii, the celebrated dancer and panto
mlrallst, wl i will be one of the features
at the Bohemian high links at Meeker' b
Grove a week from to-night. Mr. Marti
net fi will make but a Hying visit, this be
ing but a short interval between two en
gagements.
In the Divorce Court.
Mary Hayflen wan granted a divorce from
James HTayden yesterday on the ground
' desertion. Drsurta <!. Herrmann was
granted her application for a divorce from
Henry Herrmann. The decree was issued
..• ground of extreme cruelty. The
ly of a daughter, Helen, was grant-
Mrs. H.-rrmann. Hella Hayda was
r ranted a divorce from her husband, John
tayda, on the ground of willful neglect.
Dorothy Bolte h:iH :ippij<-r! for a divorce
from Harry Bolte. alleging failure to pro
vide as a cause of action.
Henry W. Chapman writes on
How to Succeed rb a Salesman, in
next Sunday's Call.
Found in the Bay.
The body of an unknown man was
found floating ia the bay off Greenwich
street wharf yesterday morning. He was
poorly dressed, wearing a pair of black
ribbed pants, blue coat and vest and a
soft shirt, with a dark blue tie. ]Ie is
6 feet 9 inches in height, weighs about
150 pounds, and is about 45 years of age.
Ihe features are so badly distorted as
to be almost unrecognizable, and the body
had evidently been in the- water at least
two weeks.
CHEAP GAS FROM GARBAGE.
; Gigantic Project Under Consideration
by Charles L. Fair and Other
Capitalists.
I A gigantic project is under considera
tion by Charles L. Fair and other capi
ta Ists with the view of making and fur
nishing cheap gas to residents of towns
, and cities throughout the State, by what
!is known as the Harris process. By this
process, it is said, illuminating gas can
I" manufactured at an average cost of
! about 3 cents per 1000 feet, from garbage
; of almost any character.
During his recent visit to the East Mr.
Fair became interested in the new pro
cess and studied it carefully. When he
returned he established an experimental
station at the junction of Ray and Fill
more streets, and fur several* weeks ex
perts have been making tests with satis
: ry results. They have shown that
Illuminating gas can be produced by this
proi ess at 35-candle power as against 16
furnished by local companies.
It is expected that there will be no dif
ficulty in arranging with the crematory
cfimpany for a supply of the necessary
kimls of garbage here, and Mr. Fair has
been already in consultation with ex-
Mayor Ellert on the subject.
Mr. Harris, the inventor of the new pro
cess, is expected here on Monday, wh^n
plans for erecting suitable building's on
the Fair property at North Beach will be
discussed and action taken to perfect the
enterprise. .
— . L — - 1
CRAIG fS SENT UP .-*
FOR SEVEN YEARS
MUST SERVE THAT TERM IN
FOLSOM PRISON.
Oscar Stegenberg Given Twenty-
Years — Five Incorrigibles Sent
to the Whittier Reform
School.
John Craig, who, while in the service
of tho World's Fair Commission in 1592,
forged the name of Irving M. Scott to a
check for $300 upon the Crocker-Wool
worth Bank, must spend the next seven
years of his life behind prison bars. I,ast
Friday when the case of Craig was called
Eugene Deuprey, who represented the
prisoner, created a sensation by stating
that his client had not had a fair trial;
that the court had refused to issue an
attachment for State Controller Colgan
when requested to do so, and that Col
gan's evidence was of great importance.
Judge Wallace at the time was angry,
and he put the case over a week to look
up the record, but contrary to expecta
tions no allusion to the incident was
made yesterday. Deuprey quietly submit
ted ;i motion lor an arrest of judgment
and for a new trial. Both were overruled
and the court sentenced Craig to seven
y ;»rs in Folsom.
Oscar Stegrenberg, who on the 21st of
last February robbed John Johnson of $25,
was sent to Folsom for a term of twenty
years. J. E. Tibbett.s, who pleaded guilty
of embezzling' a watch and ring fromGeor
gie K. Hubbard, was sentenced to six
months in the County Jail. Dennis Gal
lagher, John McKeever,' James O'Malley,
Albert Wagner and hid ward Warner, In
corrigible youths, were sent to Whlttlef
Reform School, Wagner and O'Malley
had pleaded guilty to charges of burglary,
sentence was suspended during thefr
confinement in the school.
This Week's Wasp.
The arrival arid .ret eption In Honolulu of
the troops comprising the second Philip
pine expedition is the striking Illustra
ted feature of the Wasp this week. There j
;u\! magnificent half-tone engravings i
showing the volunteers being reviewed hy I
President Dole and the soldiers being en
;'-named at lunch under the palms on the i
Government Building ground*. The newly]
mustered in regiment of California Volun- ,
teers— the Eighth— now In camp across
ay, at Camp Barrett, has been photo- j
graphed by companies especially for the j
Wasp, and excellent halt-tones are pub
lished In this weeks issue. H is possible
iognize 1 y them every individual i
member of the regiment Company M of
Woodland, whose numbers refused to 1
take the oath of allegiance under any |
oth.r captain but their own, is also pic- I
tured. Where Shatter landed his troop*
in Cuba is shown by special photograph*
taken at Balquiri Hay. There are a nuni- j
ber of other striking illustrations. The i
cartoon features, always an interestlno
part of each week's Issue of the Wasp, are
this week especially good. One represents
Uncle Sam administering to Spain a de
served spanking, much to the enjoyment
of Johnnie Bull, but to the surprise and
chagrin of the other international specta
tors. The Introduction of Miss Hawaii to
the sisterhood of States Is another well
drawn and humorous cartoon. The Hall
of Justice scandal affords the "Wasp ar
tist a chance to display considerable In
genuity. Of the literary features Senator
Mulrooney's political letter will be found
of great interest; so will the Old Maid's
Diary. * n< * tne various other departments
show" painstaking thought in the prepara
tion or their contents.
All About Bicycle Riding and
Training, by Champion "Jimmy"
Michael, in next Sunday's Call.
Suit Against Welburn.
A suit lias been filed in the Circuit Court
against Oscar M. Welburn for $15,463 98,
collected by him while Internal Revenue
Collector, which has never been account
ed for. A suit is also pending against his
bondsmen for the name sum.
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1895.
DEMOCRATS
DISGUSTED
Unwilling to Be Tin Can
to the Populist Tail.
HISTORY REPEATING ITSELF
BEPRESENTATTVES SNUBBED
AT SACRAMENTO.
"Better Go Down With the Old Flag
Flying Than Be Second Fiddle
to Any Political
Party."
The nomination of Judge Maguire by
the Populist convention at Sacramento
was unexpected and It may be truth
fully said undeslred by the mass of
Democratic voters In this city. While
Maguire Is the choice of many who ex
pressed their opinion, they seemed to
be unanimous upon one proposition,
that It would appear to the people at
large as If the Democrats, in case
Judge Maguire should be nominated by
their convention, were following the
lead of the Populists and allowing
themselves to be placed In the position
of being compelled to select the man
chosen for them by a supposed hostile
political party.
A number of gentlemen who com
posed the committee sent to Sacra
mento to represent the Democratic
party have returned, and while ex
hibiting the caution and secrecy which
are supposed to belong to drained dip
lomats, once In a while drop hints of
their real feelings to the effect thatthey
were incontinently sat upon by the
Populist convention and treated with
scant respect.
Almost every leading Democrat who
has spoken has expressed his regret
that the Populists acted as they did.
John W. Mitchell, a true and tried
Democrat, although by reason of per
1 sonal feeling upon the part of a lead
; ing Populist his anti-monopoly record
i was questioned, unhesitatingly says,
in effect, that he was for Maguire. but
I the action of the Populists will cause
j the Simon pure Democrats to believe
that they are coerced into nominating
him, and thus cause bad feeling.
i ' James H. O'Brien, one of the old
timers of San Francisco Democracy,
'• says- the same thing — and that In the
, language of Governor Budd it would
I be better to go down with the straight
i Democratic flag flying than to be the
■; tail of any other political kite.
Eugene Deuprey, a supporter of
Judge Maguire, does not like to have
it appear as though the Democrats had
boen coerced by the Populists.
These gentlemen have expressed the
almost universal sentiment of Demo
crats outside of once in a while an
office-seeker who believes that his in
terests can be better boosted by boost
ing Maguire.
These men are not wanting in ex
amples. They point to the fact that
in 1879 those who had supported the
new constitution formed themselves
into a party with the avowed purpose
to place in power only those who had
advocated the adoption of the new
organic law. They called themselves
the "New Constitution" party. A con
vention was called and delegates were
sent to a convention at Sacramento.
The members were in earnest and al
most zealots in the cause for which
they were organized. But when the
convention met, although it had been
supposed that some one who had been
prominent in the fight for the adoption
of the new constitution would be nomi
nated for Governor, when the ballots
were counted it was found that Hugh
J. Glenn of Colusa had beaten by a few
votes J. V. Webster of Alameda.
Glenn was the largest farmer in the
State. Until then he had taken no part
in State politics.
J. V. Webster is the same Webster
! who was the last Populist nominee for
I Governor and recently defeated for
chairman of the convention at Sacra
mento. He had been a member of the
constitutional convention and was a
; stanch supporter of the adoption of the
constitution submitted to the people.
Before the meeting of the nominating
, convention it seemed as though he
i would be nominated by acclamation,
! but the Democratic politicians got in
then as they did Wednesday at Sacra
mento; they said Glenn had, supported
' the constitution; that he was^thorough
ly in accord with them in all material
matters; he would indorse the platform
and would do anything else required of
hirh. Their specious arguments availed.
I Glenn was nominated by a majority
about as small as that received by Ma
guire. There was a Democratic con
vention held later and after he had
been nominated by a very small major
ity a resolution was passed that no
other person should be put upon the
| ticket who had indorsed any other plat
! form. There was presented the specta-
I cle of a candidate for Governor on two
\ tickets not daring to support any other
[ man on either ticket with him. The
' result was what might have been fore
j seen — what it was two years ago in
I the case of Bryan and Sewall and
Bryan and Watson. Glenn was beaten
more than twenty thousand by Perkins.
The men who forced Maguire's nom
ination in the Populist convention have
taken the contract to have him nom
inated by the Democrats. But what of
the rest of the ticket? Will history re
peat itself? The Democrats who have
spoken seem to think it wilL
POPULISTS IN A SNARL
Shanahan May Not Have Been
Legally Made a Candidate
for Governor.
Lawyers of this city are much averse
to expressing opinions as to the law in
regard to the case of the bolting Popu
lists who nominated Shanahan at Sacra
mento, but the general belief is that his
nomination will be declared invalid If
the case is taken to the courts.
Garret McEnerney said he deHired to
give no deJinite opinion as to the law, but
stated that the chances were largely In
favor of a court declaring Shanahan's
nomination illegal. He said that the sec
tion of the Political Code on which the
fusionists ba.se their claim that the bolt
ers have violated the law has never been
repealed and Is consequently still in
force. The section is as follows:
No certificate of nomination shall contain
the name of more than one candidate for each
office to be filled. No person shall Join in
nominating, under the provisions of this code,
more than one nominee for each office to be
filled, and no person who has voted In a con
vention for or against a candidate for any
office thall join in nominating in any manner
any other nominee for that office, and no per
son shall accept a nomination to more than
one office.
This was passed in IS9I and is a portion
of the law in regard to the Australian
ballot system. The Penal Code provides
a penalty of fine and imprisonment for
the violation of any election law, but the
legal lights think that there could prob
ably be no .conviction for violation of the
above section, as it is hardly more than
a definition of what shall constitute a
valid certificate of nomination. Laymen
can hardly see the distinction and by
some it Is believed that the bolters have
overstepped the bounds of the law.
Attorney General Fitzgerald was called
upon at his home, 2226 California street,
but declined to give expression to any
opinion whatsoever on the subject. He
contended that his official position would
not permit it and said that it was a
matter more particularly for the courts
or District Attorney to consider. He
would give no opinion except called upon
in his official capacity.
NEW BUILDING FOR
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY
REV, FATHER CROWLEY'S LA
BOR WILL BE REWARDED.
Final Arrangements Made for Lay
ing the Corner-Stone of a Beau
tiful and Much Needed
Structure.
The committee having charge of the ar
rangements for the laying of the corner
stone for the Youths" Directory to-mor
row has finished Its labors, and nothing
now remains but to proceed with the work
of completing the new building, which
will be the crowning of Rev. Father C. O.
Crowley's labors on behalf of unfortunate
boys.
The committee met last night at the
Home at 2030 Howard street and handed
in its final report Chairman James R.
Kelly was on hand to receive from the
various sub-committees the results of
their labors during the past month.
There will be four bands, consisting of
the German societies, the A. O. H., the
Hebrew Orphan Society, and one to be
provided by the general committee.
All societies wishing to participate will
be required to be in the places assigned to
them by the grand marshal before 2
o'clock in the afternoon. The place of
rendezvous will be on Van Ness avenue
as fax north as Ellis street, from which
place the line of march will bo on Van
Ness avenue, down Eleventh to Howard,
to Nineteenth and out that street to the
site which is on Nineteenth street be
tween Valencia and Guerrero. The exei
cises will commence about 4 o'clock, at
which time the Reverend, the Archbishop,
assisted by his clergy, will lay the cornei
stone.
The platform containing 1500 seats will
be reserved for those specially invited.
The following societies have been sched
uled to participate: K. R. B. Rifles, St.
Ignatius Sodality, Austrian Benevolent So
ciety, Council of Y. M. 1.. St. Paul's Tem
perance Society, Gentlemen's Sodality ot
St. Paul's Parish, St. Peter's Unterst
Vereln Society, St. Paulus Unterst Verein,
St. Antonius Juenglings und Knaben So
ciety, St. Joseph's Unterst Verein, Mem
bers of the Confraternity of St. Jos
eph's (Italian church), Y. M. Catholic
Union, the Gentlemen's Sodality of Holy
Cross Parish. St. Vincent de Paul's Con
ference of St. Joseph's Parish. V. M. So
dality of St. Joseph's, Holy Name Sodal
ity of St. Dominic's; Division t, 2, 3, 4,
a "and 6 of A. O. H. of Alameda County,
Divisions, 2, 3, 5, 6, 8. 9, 10, 11, 12, 14, 16, 18.
17. 1* and 20 of San Francisco, General
Sodality of St. Charles Parish and the
Gaelic Literary Association.
The New Nicaragua Canal, by
Charles It. Flint, the big South
American merchant, in next Sun
day's Call.
MEAD'S HEAD FALLS
INTO, THE BASKET
HE IS OUSTED FROM THE MINT
BY TELEGRAPH.
Dismissed by the Secretary of the
Treasury Without Investiga
tion — The Victim May
Retaliate.
The head of Assistant Coiner M. H. Mead
of the Mint is now in that metaphorical
basket made for politicians and those
that love them.
Superintendent F. A. Leach yesterday
received a telegraphic announcement
from the Secretary of the Treasury that
Mr. Mead was dismissed from the service.
This action at Washington followed on
the arrival there of the documents in the
case forwarded from here.
As related a few days ago In The Call,
Coiner Spotts recently suspended Mead,
and in a report to Superintendent Leach
wrote: "I have reason to report a want
of fidelity and reason to suspect the in
tegrity of Michael H. Mead," and also
charged "dereliction of duty, delinquency
and misconduct in office," and recom
mended dismissal from the service.
No further particulars of ex-Senator
Mead's delinquencies were given out at
the Mint. Superintendent Leach forward
ed Coiner Spotts' order and recommenda
tion, with his own indorsement and with
testimony in the case which has not come
to light. It appears from the prompti
tude of the action at Washington that no
investigation was wanted.
"The incident is closed," was all that
Superintendent Leach was willing to say
about the case y-^terday. and as to the
succession the news obtainable was em
braced In the information that "some
names :ire being considered."
Mr. Mead was yesterday reported out
of town for a week, and his attorney,
Frank McGowan, was off on a trip to
Humboklt.
Mr. Mead's Intimate friends assert,
however, that he has by no means given
up the fight to hold his place and reputa
tion, and will carry the war even into
Washington.
CELEBRATED TWO
FOURTHS OF JULY
PASSENGERS ON THE GAELIC
JUGGLE WITH THE DAYS.
Miss Alice Neilsen Entertains With
Song Wjhile on the Ocean
Deep.
But few Americans have an opportunity
to celebrate two Fourths of July in the
same month of the same year. This Is
no paradox, as the passengers of the Gae
lic, which arrived yesterday from the
Orient, will attest. They had their first
Fourth of July when we were celebrating
the stirring victory of Schley at Santiago
and their second Fourth was sandwiched
in on the ISOth parallel.
All on board participated in the cele
bration on the ocean wave and so suc
cessful was the first day's jubilee that
the second Fourth was also given over
to fireworks and a popping of fizz bottles
by the more patriotic. The captain prom
ised to supply champagne for all on the
Fourth of July, and as there was much
debate as to which was the only genu
ine and exclusive Fourth his promise was
adjudged by a court of last resort to ex
tend to all Fourths that might occur in
the year 189 S.
The feature of the exercises was the
singing of "The Star-spangled Banner"
by Alice Nellson. She was costumed as
the Goddess vt Liberty and rendered
many of the patriotic songs of this coun
try, winning high praise from all. The
celebration was the most noteworthy
ever hold on board the Gaelic. All ap
proved of the twn days' celebration wit'i
the exception of an Englishman, who did
not think it was quite the proper thing
He agreed with the rest that the Fourth
of July was a great day, but he could
see neither rhyme nor reason in running j
it throuKh forty-eight hours. J
SANTA ROSA'S
CITY OF TENTS
Canvas Spread at Camp
Montgomery.
READY FOR ITS OCCUPANTS
OUTING OF THE LEAGUE OF THE
CROSS CADETS.
Pretty Spot Selected for the rendez
vous of the Young Men und
Their Expected
Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, July 15.— Camp Mont
gomery, as the beautiful spot chosen
for the summer outing of the League
of the Cross Cadets will be known, is
fast taking the appearance of a mili
tary rendezvous. The advance guard,
consisting of thirty men under the
command of Lieutenants Mahoney and
Carroll, arrived last night in full
marching order, with knapsacks and
rolled blankets on their backs, and
marched to Camp Montgomery, where
they passed the night.
Bright and early this morning the
first of the 120 tents which arrived on
Thursday were erected In their proper
positions. The march was continued
all day and to-night the city of tents
gives a fair idea of the view which the
first sight of "Camp Montgomery" will
present to the main body of the cadets
when they arrive to-morrow night.
The spot chosen for the carrip is In
the rear of the beautiful park known
as the City Gardens, situated only a
few blocks from the center of the city.
The boys will be camped right on the
banks of Santa Rosa Creek, and as the
park is supplied running water,
electric lights and a splendid dancing
platform, the accommodations are all
that could be desired.
Colonel Adolph Huber, who has
charge of the commissary department,
was among the first arrivals upon the
scene. Having had charge of the same
branch of the work during the lust sea
son's encampment he appreciates the
enormity of the contract he has on his
hands in feeding the 400 young men
who will spend the coming week in this
city, and he proposes to take no
chances of not being properly prepared
for their arrival. He already has the
long tables arranged in the way they
are to be placed, and the camp kitchen
was this morning tested for the first
time. It was found to work admira
bly, and his corps of assistants ex
pressed themselves as pleased with the
arrangements.
The main body of the cadets, about
400 strong, will arrive on the 6 o'clock
train Saturday evening. They will
bring their own splendid band. During
the week many out-of-town visitors
will be their guests. Excursions from
San Francisco have been arranged and
plans for accommodating the visitors
at the regular mess tables have been
perfected.
CONFLAGRATIONS STARTED
BY AN INSANE LAD
Catholic Church, Schoolhouse and
Two Dwellings Destroyed at
Dutch Flat.
DUTCH FLAT, July 15.— The Catholic
church at this place was burned last
Tuesday nlfht at 9 o'clock, and at 2
o'clock this morning the public school
I house was discovered on fire. The alarm
\ was given and the fire company responded
: and worked faithfully but the building
I could not be saved. The dwellings of
j Mary J. Uren and i homas Flaridon ad-
I Joining were destroyed, with all their con
1 tents, the occupants escaping in their
[ night clothes.
Both fires were started by Charles
; Wedgewood, a young man whose parents
1 reside here. He was committed to the
Insane asylum at Napa about a year ago,
but was let out on a furlough a week ago.
He confessed the crime and told how he
started both fires. The people of the town
: censure the officials at Napa who allowed
i him to leave the institution.
The school house was built at a cost of
' $0000. and there was an insurance policy
! for $3600 unon It. The other building's de
i stroyed were not insured.
EDITOR RUSH IN JAIL.
SAN RAFAEL, July 15.-Shrleking,
cursing, howling and foaming at the
; mouth in impotent rage, T. H. Rush, ed
! itor of the San Rafael Sun, was bodily
carried through a mob that filled the
principal thoroughfare of the town from
! B street to the County Jail, and thrown
| Into a cell last evening by four stalwart
| men. The excitement was intense, many
i "*— mm mmmmm^ — —^ —
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
REGAINED HEALTH.
Gratifying Letters to Mrs. Pink-
ham From Happy Women.
"I Owe Ton My iafe."
Mrs. E. Woolhiser,
Mills, Neb., writes:
"Dear Mrs. Phtkham: — I owe my
life to your Vegetable Compound. The
doctors said I had consumption and
nothing could be done for me. My
menstruation had stopped and they
said my blood was turning to water. I
had several doctors. They all said I
could not live. I began the use of Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
and it helped me ri^ht away; mensea
returned and I have gained in weight.
I have better health than I have had for
years. It is wonderful what your Com-
pound has done for me." *
"I Feel Like a New Person. 1 *
Mrs. Geo. Leach, >
1609 Belle St., Alton. 111., writes: X
" Before I began to take your Vege-
table Compound I was a great sufferer
from womb trouble. Menses would ap-
pear two and three times in a month,
causing me to be so weak I could not
stand. I could neither sleep nor eat, and
looked so badly my friends hardly
knew me.
" I took doctor's medicine but did not
derive much benefit from it. My drug-
gist gave me one of your little books,
and after reading it I decided to try
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. I feel like a new person. I
would not give your Compound for all
the doctors' medicine in the world. X
can not praise it enough." . . v
onlookers shouting for an application of !
tar and feathers.
Rusn was arrested for being drunk and :
disorderly and disturbing the peace. Last ]
evening he met Constable Gannon in the i
street and persisted in following him j
about, using vulgar and abusive language
and finally shaking his fist menacingly 1
at the law officer. Gannon arrested him, :
but Rush broke loose and ran into his
office, presumably for a weapon. He was
dragged out by a number of men, called !
upon for assistance. He was aided by one j
Stevens, who narrowly escaped arrest
himself.
YON ARNOLD LANDS
IN A BRITISH PRISON
Crooked Career of the Bogus Baron
Will Be Suspended for a
Ycr.
LONDON, July 15.— Joseph yon Arnold, j
a private detective of San Francisco, who j
married Jeannie Young in that city dur- !
ing the month of Aprii. 1897. and deserted j
her in this city, was sentenced to-day at
the Newington Sessions to a year's'im
prisonment, having been convicted of ob
taining £146 from a hair dresser under the I
pretense 'hat he, Yon Arnold, was a |
Baron and the h^ir to a large estate in j
Germany. Yon Arnold posed as a Couni !
when he married Jeannie Young. It haj»
developed that the prisoner has four
wives.
RAISIN-GROWERS MAKE
EXORBITANT DEMANDS
Obstacles That Threaten to Disrupt
Their Protective Organi
zation.
FRESNO. July 15.— The Raisin Growers'
Association held an Important all-day
session to-day. For a time the life of the
protective organization was hanging in
the balance. Nearly 75 per cent of the
raisin crop of this section of the State
has been pledged to the association.
Provision had been made for selling
raisins in two ways— one for cash In the
sweat box at the rate of 2^ cents a pounu
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of Brent Good.
PRINTED ON RED PAPER.
Very small and as easy
to take as sugar.
SFF I* a n-rrn'olHß HEADACHE. SFF
5tL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. 5tE
GENUINE WIVER TOR torpid liver. GENUINE
(jfci>Lli\L iIVER FOR TORPID LIVER. llfclUllVc
I p|lL*S FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPFR ■ . Js_jaa FOR SALLOW skim. WRAPPF^
TTftArrLII liMl [for the complexion " ftArrLll
_ . i CE^TVTCVX: MUSTHAVCSySNATUKC.
25 Cwits I Pnroly Vegetable.,^^**^^^^
TTTI 000000000000000000
\\ hlf c w PALACE *•«• g
V 1 11 V . • • ICRAND n°mkM%
J c< SAN FRANCISCO. Q
Connected by a covered passageway.
 f\ TTT I M ° 1400 Rooms-900 With Bath Attached. **
[( I A -4- a^ W\ f\-6\ T © All Under One Management. O
I 1 I 111 Will 11 O NO IK THE PRICES: O
I ./I I I ■ I 111 111 n European Plan.l?l.OO per day and upward ,_
1 / I I I 1 M 111 1 111 ° American Plan.^:t.UO per day and upward O
Vy W, K. \J X. fr.\J YJ A • ,Q Correspondence Solicited. a
■ •-—,• 1•■ \ q JOEN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. " Q
A -Review of His Public Weeps. ■ •-
flnr MPTt fnvprnnr : llUilUit«!UliilLL
a at > r L J ,f_L Jl J S wj} J .pJLLI V-
I 1 11 I \F A I II T I IV I I 1 1 1 I I t HAVE You Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-S
V 111 llvAl \JU I Vllll/1 i V Colored Spots. Ache* Old Sores, Ulcers f
■ j | in Mouth, Halr-FalUns.' Write COOK HEM- 1
. • I KUYCO., 33H MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 1
YitriA^ hrr frtn Dnnniicf- rnnvon+inn 1 CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital .*
JN(U11C(1 DV llie lOpUllSt lOnYeflllOll. atsoo,uOO. Worst cases cared la li to 35 aaya. &
. '>; . . I ldu-paire boon free • R
War Opinions SWWsmi
ni • i «♦ • tv c i iLjJMS^' INJECTION. <
Plainly Given .in a Forceful A pERMaNENT CURE |
WHY 111 10"U3.T S J> of the most obtitin.-ito cases of Gonorrhoea
? and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 5
C days ; no other treatment required. 5
/->a F~r\ i ~Y~\ )% !' Sold by all drnggists.' 5
// V I /I. If VVA/VVWtf^WVVVVVVWVWWVVW
VI I ft II NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
VJ i J_A.XILI I/E.\KXY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
■V modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day
Filitnr TAATPQ TT R\RRV * 6 10 * wet?k - $8 to * 30 month - Free baths; hot
i<UllUl JAJIJUO 11. D:ll\.ul« and cold water every room; (ire grates in every
room;. elevator runs all night..
5 Cents. Ask Your Newsdealer for It. '. ~ ~~~~
IA/. X. HESS,
SLEDS, BOATS, ETC. NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOHNEY-AT LAW, •
1 75-horse power Roberts boiler, 1 35-horss Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua Sprediel* U.ds.
power Scotch marine boiler, metallic lifeboats. Telephone 3rown 9*l.
£0 wooden boats of all descriptions can b» seen Residence. 821 California street. below
at 718 Third street. GEO. W. KNEASS. j Powell. San Francisco.
*
Next time you make a voyage take a
Ripans Tabule after dinner for three or
four days before sailing, and continue the
practice on board ship till you get your sea
legs on. The chances are you'll not be
seasick at all, and if you are, the attack will,
#ot last over the third • day%
and the other by pooling arrangement.
Either was made optional with the grow
ers. Yesterday the directors found thai
50 per cent of the growers demanded casn
In the sweat box. That would require a
capital of $1,400,000. The directors frankly
told the growers that they were unable
to buy such a large percentage of raisin 3
in the sweat box and stated that unless
the growers were willing to place their
raisins In a pool to be sold from time to
time they would have to abandon the
scheme. "The growers who wanted cash
in the sweat box were told that they
could be paid cash only for a quarter of
their crop. The growers were given two
weeks to consider the matter.
By-laws similar to those of the Califor
nia Wine Growers' Association were
adopted.
ARMY APPOINTMENTS
BY THE PRESIDENT
Four New Brigadier Generals of Vol
unteers and a Batch of Cap
tains and Lieutenants.
WASHINGTON, July 15.— The President
to-day made the folowing army appoint
' ments:
To be brigadier generals of volunteers:
j William S. Worth. Edward P. Pearson,
Emerson H. Liscum, Ederni P. Ewers.
To be assistant adjutant general, with
rank of major: John I). Miley.
To be captains of infantry: Benjamin
Alvord, William H. Sage, George H. Pat
ten. Edward O. C. Ord, John A. Dapray,
John F. Morrison.
To be captains of the Fifth Volunteer
Infantry: Robert S. Teague. Thomas H.
Underwood, Walton Shields, James C
' Nixon. Edward S. Whitaker, Thomas H.
Sharp, Kibble J. Harrison.
i To be first lieutenants, Fifth Volunteer
' Infantry: Byron Dozier, Dahney H. Hood,
Marion Letcher. William J. Jennings,
: William Qranshaw, Thomas B. Frank,
George G. White-bead, Arthur W. Orton,
1 Philip H. Stern, Norman C. Jones, Claude
i Allen.
| To be second lieutenants. Fifth Volun
teer Infantry: Robert L. Bullard. George
Culver, Thomas S. Balrd, Virgil P. Ran
dolph, Charles J. Fromberg, Thomas I.
i Anglin, John Burke. Thomas W. Trainer.
William A. Crossland Jr., Jennings J.
i Pierce, Walter O. Harkins.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Grain hags lower and weak.
Wheat about the sarue.
Barley still higher.
Other cereals unchanged.
Hay very firm. Rolled Barley higher.
I'.-ans dull.
Silver a fraction firmer.
IvtiUxes and Onions unchanged.
Butter weak and Eggs firm.
Young Poultry detained.
Bartlett Pears badly wanted.
Poaches and Apricots firm.
Dried fruits dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides declining.
Wool and Hops unchanged.
Hogs lower under larger receipts.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 14, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from Weather Bureau stations in
California:
Eureka. 60: Fresno. 104: Los Angeles, S6;
Red Muff. 102; Independence, 100; San Diego.
66: Sacramento, J>6; San Luis Obispo. »6; Tuina.
101
Pan Francisco temperature: Maximum. 64:
minimum, 60; mun, r>7.
WEATHEK CONDITIONS ANT) GENERAL
F< 'RECASTS.
The pressure has fallen during the past
twenty-four hours over the northern half of
the Pacific Slope. It Is beginning to rl»e •low
ly over Southern California and Arizona. An
area of low pressure overlies Utah. Nevada
and Eastern Oregon.
The temperature has risen rapidly In tht
Ban Joaquln Valley and over Oregon and
Northern Idaho. In the great valleys of Cali
fornia the temperntures are from 6 to 9 de
gTees nhove the normal.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
F ■ recasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. July 16. 1W:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; brisk
northwesterly winds*
Southern California— Fair Saturday; south
erly, changing to fresh westerly winds.
Nevada- Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
Ban Francisco ntv! \lclntty — Fair Saturday:
fre*h West< rly wind.
BpeclaJ rep ri from Mount Tamalpais, taken
nt S p. m : i'!^.ir; w'nd wept 36 miles per hour;
temperature, 74; maximum. 52.
ALEXANDER McAPIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, July 15.— The bears who coy- '
ered their short contracts in haste yesterday I
afternoon on the fall of Santiago sold stocks j
again to-day and raided prices down with none
to Fay them nay. The bull element refrained
entirely from offering any support, and prices :
of the whole list dropped away easily and
without any Important Interruption. There
Was an entire absence of any outside interest, !
and dealings were very small and confined to
a narrow list. The sharp break In Metropolitan
Street Railway in the afternoon accentuated
the general weakness and the bears were ap- j
parently content to leave their contracts open !
over night, for there was no covering move- j
ment manifest. The closing was near the low
est, with net losses. in many cases a point or
mnre. A break in Metropolitan Street Railway
was accompanied by rumors that the addi
tional issue would be $15,000,000, Instead of |
$in,ooo,oo'>, as heretofore reported. The state
ment of earnings for the June quarter was also
considered disappointing. The stock went, down
easily and closed only one point above the
lowest. .V. very large amount of stock was j
dislodged by this sharp decline, business being I
confined almost entirely to I'M share lots on the |
break. The recent weakness of the coalers also i
persisted, the offerings of [leading first pre
ferred Indicating some continued liquidation of
long stock. People's Gas was also prominent
for weakness. There is a growing feeling in |
the stock market that the successful termina- i
tion of the war and peace with Spain have I
been discounted. The reception both of the I
destruction of Admiral ("ervera's fleet and of
the fall of Santiago point to this conclusion.
Vail street entirely Ignored the disposition of
London to buy American stocks on Toral's I
surrender and th* advancing tendency of
Spanish 4s on the talk of peace. The definite
assurance that none but individual bids for
probably not more than (5000 would secure any ;
portion of the Government loan had no appre
ciable effect in the money market to-day. The
New York banks have lost nearly $4,000,000 to !
the sub-treasury during the week on account i
of the loan, but there is no pressure for money i
from interior points.
There was a further falling oft In the bond
transactions and prices yielded In the late j
dealings. Total Bales, $2,625
United States old 4s declined '4 per cent In
the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 219,7-">0
shares, Including: Atcfilson, 2000: Baltimore
and Ohio. 9029; Burlington, 10,090; Louisville
and Nashville. 540; Manhattan, 10,000; Metro
politan, 7700; Reading preferred, 7480; Missouri !
Pacific. €237; New Jersey Central. 3135: North- j
crn Pacific, 1335; Northern Pacific preferred, |
ES2S; St. Paul. 10,151; Union Pacific, 8000; I
Spirits, 3340; Tobacco, 7700; Chicago Great
■Western. 3553: People's Gas, 11,550; Linseed,
7000; Sugar, 17,740; Rubber, 11.700.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 13%l5tP&rOm 81%
Do prefd 34% Do prefd 154'
Baltimore & Ohio 13% 5t PM & M 153 I
Canada Pacific . 83 So Pacific 19",
Canada Southern. 62% So Railway ...... S%
Central Pacific ..14 Do prefd 30>.4
Ches & Ohio 22% Texas & Pacific. 12%
Chi & Alton 169 Union Pac prefd. 60%
Ctal 1! & Q 106 U P Ii & G 6% i
Chi & E 111 D 4% Wabaeh 7%
:CC4 St L 40% Do prefd 18%
Do prefd >■: Wheel & L E 1
Del & Hudson... 105 Do prefd 8
Del L& \V i"i., Express Companies— j
Den & R G 12% Adams Ex 99
Do prefd ...: 4- ! ! i American Ex 130
Erie (new) 13% United States 40
DO Ist prefd 34 Wells Fargo 117
Fort Wayne 170 Miscellaneous—
at Nor prefd 126 \ Cot Oil 20%
Hocking Valley... 5% Do prefd 73 !
Illinois Central .. 108 Amn Spirits 12%
Lake Erie & W... 14% Do prefd 33*4
Do prefd 63 Am Tobacco IIS};
Lake Shore 188 Do prefd 123
Louis & Nash i 52% People's Gas 97%
Manhattan L — 106% Jons Gas 195'
Met St Ry 152» 4 v, m Cable C 0.... 175 t
Mich Central .... 105 Col F & Iron 20%
Minn A St L 2S Do rrefd 90 !
Do Ist prefd.... *>■> Gen Electric 33%
Mo Pacific 35% Illinois Steel £,8 |
Mobile & Ohio 25 Laclede Gas .. 60
Mo K& T 11 Lead 53%
Do prefd 33% Do prefd .. . 17%
Chi Ind & L...... 9% Mat Lin Oil 13
DO prefd 29% Pacific Mail 25%
N J Central 88% Pullman Palace... 209
N V Centra] 117% Silver Certificates 59 I
N" V Chi ft St L.. 11 Stand R & T 6
Do Ist prefd — 70 Sugar 132*4
Do 2d prefd.... 32 -Do prefd .: 113%
Nor West 14% r C & Iron 24".
(Jo Arr.er Co 6% U S Leather' 7%' ■
No Pacific 25% Do prefd 66%
Do prefd 69% rj S Rubber 28 ]
Ontario ,' C \v 14', Do prefd 89
Dr R & Nay 48 West Union 91% !
Or Ph. rt 'Line 28 2& N W 127% '■
I'lttsburg 170 I Do prefd 170%
Reading 16»i 5t LA S\V 5' '
Do Ist prefd...: 40% Do prefd ' 11>4
Rock Island '.< r ,», ROW .. . 2<J%
?t Louis & 8 F... 7*'»| Do prefd . 65
Do Ist prefd.... i;]-, :'hi a W 13%
Do 2<i prtfd.... 2S%|Hajv Com C 0',.... 21%
5t Paul 98% Brooklyn R T..... 64 v
Do prefd 61% I Union Pacific .... 23%
CLOSING BONDS. ' '
L* S new 4s reg.. 124 N' J C ss. 112 ■
Do coup 120 .V Carolina 6» 125
V 8 4s 110V4 Do 4s 102
Do coup 11l [Jo Pac lets 112%.
Do -Is 95 i) 3s 63%
IJ 8 6s reg 112 Do 4s '.... 98%
Do f.s coup 11314 s y C & St L-4s. 105 1
District 3.6r,s 116 Nor &\V 6b 121%
Ala class A 107% Northwstrri conn. 142% !
Do B :.. 100 1 Do deb :.s 116%'
Do C 90 '.'> Nay ists Ill'
Do Currency . ... 00 f> Nay 4s 95%
Atchison 4s M% ') s Line Bs tr.... 127
Do adj 4? 70% 1 s Line 5s tr.... 104%
Can So 2da 109% Pacific is of 95.. 101%
Chi Term 4s 86% Reading 4s 82
2 & Ohio is 114%»R (i W Ists Bf<%8 f <%
C Hi A D 4%5.... 104% st L & I M C f,s. 98 '
D & It .G Jsts..... 108 st. L&S F. G Cs. 117%
D & It ii 4s 94 '3t P Con..'. 143.
Bast Term l«ts.°. 105% =t P C& p lsts... 1174
Brie Gen 4s 73% Do 5a ;. 115%
FW A D bits tr. 75 ?o Railway 5b 04%
Gen Elec.is 103% i, ,,i R g. T 65.. 70
f} H * S A 65.... IC4 renn new »et'3s.. 51
Do 2ds 103 r Pac L G lsts.. 106
H & T C 6s 10.-, Do Rg Ms «%
Do con os 11l Union Pac 4a 90%
[awo <• lsts 102 UP D & (} Ists. CS%
La new cons 45.. 103 Wab Ist 5s 110
L & N Unl 45.... SS>4! Do 2ds ST
Missouri 6s :.. 100 ','.' Shore 4b 108%
M X & T 2ds 66 'Va Centuries 71%
Do 4s 90% 1 Do d erred ... 4
N V eCntral Ists. 115% !
. , MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ". 10 Ontario 2 DO
Crown Point ..... 05 »phlr 03
Con Cal & Va ' 20 PlymouOi 12
Deadwood SO Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 01 Do prefd 200
Hale & Norcross.. 3.1 sierra Nevada ... 35
Homestake 45 00 'Standard 155
iron Sliver 73 Union Con Oil
Mexican OS yellow Jacket ... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 64
Tall loans 2 <HV.i Boston El :...66V4
Time loans 2Vi:«'4 E E 111.. 177
Stocks— "Jen Elec prefd.. 94
\T&SF 1314 -Uchlson prefd.... 34%
Amer Sugar 132 1 i I Bonds-
Do prefd nj^l*tchlsr>n 4s S3
nay State aGs.'. .. IV4 Wls Central l«ts. 45 .
Bell Telephone £72 1 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 224% Allouez Mm C 0... «%
Boston & Maine., 161 1 Atlantic 27
Til B & Q 105% Boston & Mont... INU
ntchburgr 99% Butt© & Boston.. . 23%
Gen Electric 3SV4 Calumet & Hecla. 570
Illinois Steel 57 Centennial 14 Vi
Mexican central.. 4*i franklin 12
N V & N Ens.... 95 >sceloa 45
Did Colony 112 3ulncy 117
Rubber 28 Tamarack 155
Union Pacific 23% Wolverine 8854
West End 85 Parrott 23
Do prefd 106 Did Dominion .... 23%
Westinghouse El. 24*
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 15.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets were firm during the day, but closed
dull. Spanish 4s touched 3S»i. but closed at 37.
the bonds being offered for sale on disquieting
reports from Madrid about the proclaiming of ,
a military dictatorship.
Americans fell back to-day In the absence,
of New York support, not the least inclination
being shown here to buy. Many, however,
still showed gains on the day. Stagnation
ruled in other markets.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 87%; Grand Trunk, 7%; Bar
Silver, steady, 27 5-16 d per ounce; Money, *4 per
1 cent.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. July Hradatreefs Finan
cial Review will say: More than customary
irregularity prevailed In the market this week.
At its conclusion there was marked weakness
developed on the basis of the surrender of i
Santiago and the apparent willingness of the
j Madrid Government to negotiate. Before this
! point had been reached, however, the market |
I passed through several changes of speculative i
I sentiment. In the beginning of the- week it ]
1 was strong on the belief that Santiago would ;
soon be taken, but by Wednesday it experi- ]
enced a depression on the reports of a yellow ;
fever outbreak among the American troops i
there. At the same time there has been a .
' strong undertone, though the public has been
; Inactive, and London was, up to Friday, a ;
I considerable seller here. Activity in the stock
! list has also suffered from the stamp tax and
the professional element In the board room and ;
"street" have adopted» bonds as a speculative |
vehicle, owing to the fact that transactions I
in the latter are not subjected to the stamp
tax.' This resulted in very active buying in a
number of classes of railroad bonds, the trans
i fer of speculative Intention to that part of the !
market having a tendency to improve values |
of bonds all around. There was the best atten- :
, tion paid to matters apart from war news than I
; for some weeks back. The great success of I
I the Government bond subscription must, how- j
ever, be counted among the bullish factors,
I and has given financial interests generally de
| cided satisfaction. The absence of disturb- j
ance in the money market from this cause
would prevent it having, however, any Imme
diate effects upon speculation, though the be- I
lief Is that the success of the loan and Its
having been entirely absorbed by individual
subscribers, will bring large amounts of cor- !
poration funds, which have been held to pay,
; for new bonds, back into the general Invest- j
ment market. The crop news and rumors have \
ceased to be much of a factor in the market, ;
; but. on the other hand, a good deal of atten- ;
tion has been paid to the reports of rate cut- ;
ting, which, with the decreases In gross earn- |
ings which many roads are displaying for the
present, has created some bearish sentiment
ion railroad stocks. This has not taken the I
: form of selling of the granger and trunk lino
shares. On the contrary. Its effect has been to j
turn the speculation more completely toward :
industrials and bonds, while the weak feature
was supplied by coal stocks.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 15.— FT/VTR— Receipt?.
14. 5*.'.; exports, 4SS3 barrels. Quiet but steady
with wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 10.175 bushels: exports.
297.132. Spot firmer; No. 2 red. J>oi 2 c f. o. b.
afloat, import grade; S7c elevator. Options
opened easy on unfavorable cable news, but
rallied, and were steady to firm all day on
; strength In cash wheat receipts and the rise
i In corn, closed l%c higher on July and He up
on the late months. No. 2 red July O?i@Sl%c,
1 closed M' 2 c; September closed SSliyi,
ll' IPS- Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METALS— The market for meu*, showed
some Irregularity to-day with business slack. !
I At the close the Metal Exchange called:
i PIG IRON— Warrants quiet at $6 60 bid and
I $6 65 asked.
j LAKE COPPER— for spot at m 87%,
and weak for futures at $11 62%.
TlN— Quiet with 515 c:. bid and $15 75 asked.
SPELTER— and nominal with $4 50 bid
I and J4 75 asked.
! LEAD— Quiet with $3 96 bid and $4 asked. :
I The firm naming the Fettllm- rice for leading
I Western miners and smelters quotes lead at
! $3 80.
i COFFEE— Options closed steady at unchang-
I ed prices to 5 points lower; sales 14.500 Lap---.
j Including September $5 65. Spot Rio dull and
i featureless: No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing.
I C%c. Mild, small; Jobbers market; Cordova,
SU-ffloc.
SUGAR— Raw, firm, held higher. Fair refin
• ing. 3%c; centrifugal 96 test, 4%c. Refined
I firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 4200; Western Creamery
13H«17c; Elgins. 17c.
: EGGS— ReoeiotS 6677, steady; Western, 14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, July 15.— Wheat started with ;
' prices a shade easier on lower Liverpool cables
j and exceptionally fine weather for threshing
i and marketing the new grain. The weakness
1 did not last long, however, as the Corn mar
j ket quickly developed strength on a report
i that the Corn was not affected by drought In
many sections, and this soon had Its reflec
tion in Wheat. It was found while the arrivals
I of new Wheat were on the increase they could
j by no means be called liberal, and were being
taken freely. This, together with the fact
that July still holds at a big premium, caused
a growing reluctance to sell September at the ,
j discount, and shorts were disposed to cover.
Thin business of covering was largely by the \
scalping element. The big traders held off, ;
recently having little confidence In the present
strength and yet feeling that the short side !
: was hardly safe so long as the new crop was
moving so slowly and the premium was 90 well
maintained. There was not much Wheat for
sale, and hence the comparative firmness. Sep- 1
tember closed %g%c higher.
Continued dry weather, with favorable pros
pect of more of It. was sufficient to affect the
Corn market for an advance. The opening
trades were at about yesterday* closing figures
but quickly began to Improve, and while some
realizing sales caused »ie reaction after a lc
advance, the strongest phase was In the mar
ket during the last half hour. A big business
was done In cash Corn and shippers found diffi
■ culty in picking up cargo lots. Hipteinber
! closed with an advance of l^(&:i»ic.
The firmness In Oats was due to the strength
displayed In Corn. September roße %c on the
day.
The consideration In Provisions won a good
1 cash demand, both domestic and foreign, to
gether with the high prices for hogs at the
yards. Pork left off 10®12%c up and lard and
ribs 2%c each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. !
Wheat No. 2—
■ July 73 73% 72% 73%
September «7\4 67% 67 67%
December 67% 68 67Vi 67%
• Corn No. —
July 82 33 32 33
i September 82% 83% 32 33%
: December 32% *!»■* 32% 33% !
i May 34% 30 34% 86 !
Oats No. 2—
July 22% 25% 22% 23%
September 19% 19% 19% ml 1
May ...*<. 21% 22% 21% 22%
Mess Pork, per bW—
July 9 90
September 9 95 ,10 15 9 92% 10 Of.
Lard, per 100 tba—
September "> 67% 5 72% COS 5 67%
October/* » 72% C 77% 670 5 72% 1
' Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
September 0 67% 575 6 67% 6 72%
October ..' 0 77% 580 5 70. 676 j
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 74%(?T7r>%c; No. 3
• spring wheat. 70Q75c; No. 2 red. 7.'. < ) %c; No.
2 corn. 22«i@83c; No. 2 oats. 23Wc; No. 2 white '
27c; No. 3 white 15%0t5%c; No. 2 rye. 4Sc;
No. 2 barlnv, 31«"35c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 04%;
prims timothy seed. ?2 r>s; moss pork, per bbl. !
I $9 BOSS 95; lard, per 100 I1)B. »5 Co©3 83%; short
ribs Flic« (loose), $5 4605 RO; dry salted nhoul- ,
1 o>rs (boxed), $4 lu'Ciir, short clear sides (boxed), ;
1 J6ig6 20.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 6,900 6,900 i
Wheat, bush 248.200 468, ,
Corn, bush lfi,.SOil 5,100
Oats, bush 179.500 216,000 '
Rye. bush 2,100 ... |
Barley, .bush 3,100 ;. 700 j
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 12Q16C; dairies,
11@13%c. Eggs, firm; fresh, ll%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS. 1
Receipts. Shipments. 1
Bushels. Bushels. |
Minneapolis 48,000 28,080 !
Duluth ■ 2.311 22.417 I
I Milwaukee a 2."-0 ... .
I Chicago 19.533 5.179 1
Toledo 65,594 2,500 !
St. Louis 67,000 20,000 i
Detroit 2,741 959 |
1 Kansas City 41,500 12,600
Totals .i. 240.229 91,665
Tidewater—
1 ! Boston 12.984 133,235
i New York 10.176 296 122
- ! Philadelphia 3 113 2 179
1 Baltimore 50,776 4o!(K)O
1 I New' Orleans
Galveston .' 8,250 ".".".'.'!
, .Totals 85,298 471,530
: PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening Holiday
Closing Holiday
Flour- ; .'•■
Opening ....
Closing ....
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
'* July. Sept. Dec.
Opening .....511% 58
: ploslng 6 7 6 10% 67%
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, July IS.— The following table,
compiled by Uradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at eighty-nine cities for the week ended
July 14, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— • Inc. Dec.
New York $ 714.5R7.076 22.4
Boston 100.195.536 .... .31
Chicago 99,853,830 26.3
Philadelphia 65.444,067 12.8
Bt Louis 27.580.745 22.0
Pittsburgh 18,667.071 8.4
Baltimore 17.355.549 6.6
San Francisco 15.555, 335 6.9 ....
Cincinnati 12,909,900 ....
Kansas City 10,320,92') 21.7
New < 'rleans 5.401, 636 .... ....
Minneapolis 6,757,818 ....
Detroit 6,r,13,583 18.0
Clevelund 8,011.712 22.7
Louisville 6.758.427 4.3
Providence 5,156,600 7.0
Milwaukee 6,236.233 88.1
St. Paul 3.591,797 .... 9.6
Buffalo 3,810.109 .... 6.6
Omaha k 6,506,329 40.9 ....
Indianapolis 5.440,139 19.9
Columbus, 0 4.157,400 1.5
Savannah 1,492,730 1.3
Denver 2,564,960 7.3
Hartford 3,243.397 13.0
Richmond 3.000.550 12.2
Memphis L 651.850 33.3
Washington 2.154,115 8.3
Peorla 1.404.357
Rochester 1.701.915 9.6
New Haven 1.762,897 3.6
Worcester 1,481.129
Atlanta 1.136,074 .... 12.0
Salt Lake City .... 1.872,705 7.9
Springfield, Mass... 1.535,454 1.7
Fort Worth 1,471.661 31.9
Portland. Me 1.255.293 .... 1.9
Portland. Ore 1.721.242 60.9
St. Joseph 2 503.587 119.1
Los Angeles 1,548.017 11.7
Norfolk 883,302 11.6
Syracuse 1.234,635 25.4
Dps Molnes 928,421 .... 8.0
Nashville 1.047,948 .... 12.4
Wilmington, Del .. 767.107 1.5
Fall River 713,736 15.6
Pcranton 734.0J1 .... ....
Grand Rapids 837,711 13.5
Augusta, Qa 507,187 6.9
Lowell 697.267 5.3
Dayton, 0 838.316 26.7 ....
Seattle 1.125.991 9.0
Tacoma 6S7,fiS9 51.6
Spokane 790.MS 21.6
Sioux City 783,193 44.7
New P.edford 471.094
KnoxvlUe, Term .... 352.498 .... 7.4
Topeka 34*..T7S 3.8
Tlinghamton 412.500 17.3
Wichita 352.132 .... 4.6
Hinghampton 412.800 17.3
Lincoln 305.201 .... 19.7
Lexington. Ky 455.274 36.6
Jacksonville, Fla... 221.904 12.7
Kalamazuo 310,301 16.9 ....
Akron 256.100 12.2
Ray City 257.033 31.7 ....
Chattanooga 345.7')S 31. S
Rockford, 111 212.428 12.1
Canton, o i70,6u0
Snrlncfleld, 0 199.537 16.3
Fargo N. D 207,169 142.5
SiOUX Falls. ?. D... 97.324 90.1
Fremont, Neb 56.7r,7 19.1
Davenport 726,419 16 7
•],!■■■! 1.670,130 7.6
•♦Galveaton 4,983,900 51.8
••II lUßton 4,2:>2.651 16.2
Yi.unpstown 803,291 14.3
•Macon 333.000
•EvansvWe 140.301
•Helena 690.814 ....
Totals, f. S J1.204,414,373 16.8
Totals outside
New York 459. 527, 293 8.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 14.575.459 25.3
Toronto 8.680.164 15.1
Winnipeg 1.455.531 18.7
Halifax 1,473,551 14.3
Hamilton 800,450 27.7 ....
St. John, N. B 839,140 10.2
Totals $ 27.R41.627 21.4
•Not Included in totals because containing
other Items than clearings.
••Not included in total because of no com
parison for last year.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. July 16.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade will say in to-mor
row's issue: The destruction of a Spanish fleet
and Europe's quick appreciation of the feat,
the wearying flags of truce at Santiago and
at last the surrender, have all Influenced some
markets day by day. Hut Americans have
grown and traders see that not many outside
matters greatly Influence the husiness which
enables them to market $1,210,274,015 worth of
domestic products abroad in a yar, against
6616,012,844 worth Imported. The new loan has
proved a stupendous success, over $1,300,000,000
having been subscribe*], and It is now the
question of chief Interest whether any banks
will get enough, after personal subscriptions
have been accepted, to support further circula
tion. Industries and business are at the natu
rally lowest point for the year, and therefore
the records are the more impressive.
The decrease )n the output of piglron from
21.". "s tr.ns weekly June 1. to 216.311 July 1.
mostly due to usual stoppages fur repairs a
little before July 1. carries with It a decrease I
of 4L'1 I 5 tons weekly In unsold stocks. If the
first and last of the month so presented the
average production, the quantity consumed In
manufacture would be 3.S per cent less than i
th>' highest ever attained In May. a small de- I
crease for midsummer, but. In fact, the aver- ■
Bge production was larßer and the increase in ;
consumption was smaller. Just when stagna
tion Is customary very many mills are crowded
with orders for months, the Illinois rail mills
until December or later, with Bales this week
of 15,<XiO tons, and structural works with a few
contracts for lO.CkiO tons or more, while a larger
demand appears for cars and sheets and better
demand for bars at the Went. A heavy sale of ,
billets fn>m Pittsburg to Eastern Pennsylvania
at a concession of 50 cents is the only real de
cline !n quotations, though Eastern steel bar?
ar>- a shade lower. It Is still between seasons
: for wool, but a few larye purchases Indicate
( some disposition for business, and the demand
' for woolen Roods is better, though prices for
i some have been reduced and the competition '
■ as to series seems likely to be excessive. Sales
I of wnol were but 7,441.000 pounds, 5.521.200 being
domestic, for two weeks of July, against 24,
fi"2.&00 pounds lost year, of which 11.y60.600 were
domestic. One sale of 1.500.000 pounds of Ter
'. rltory at price? lower than are being paid by
Boston parties In Montana looks like business ;
In the future. Wheat has been dropping In '
1 price under estimates of 880.000,000 to 700,000,- j
000 bushels this year, which seem to be at least .
well warranted, as over conservative estimates :
rum" from the same parties last year. West
ern receipts are moderate as yet, but the At- !
lantlc exports for the week were 1,719,759 bush
els, flour Included, against 1,611.490 last year,
and Pacific Coast exports 521,514 bushels. '
against 130, 763 bushels last year, and for two ,
woeks the ex ports from both coasts have been
1.K84.412 bushels, against 3.587.909 last year. The
foreign outlook has much Improved and the
decline In price during the week was about
E «•• nts for spot and SVic for nearest option.
Failures for the week ending July 7 were
t1.8M.854 In amount. 1946.411 manufacturing and
$W!),7iJ3 trading. Failures for the week have
l.orn 21." In the United States, against 263 last
' yi-fir, and In Canada 23, against 27 last year.
BRADSTRKET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, July I.".— Brndstreet'B to-mor
row will sny: Pending the Initiation of new
I fall buHiness, preparations for which are ac
i tivcly under wuy in many markets, there ex- ]
Ists quite a mldnummer condition. Accom- j
panlitd. however, In most cases by price steadi- i
j ness nnd confidence in a promising outlook for I
fall trudo. Retrospection and review continue
to furnish many transactory illustrations of
I tho favorable conditions during the first half
i of the present year, some of which seem bound
to be duplicated during the second half. While
there was ltttl»< reason to expect anything like
the excited buying °f cereals this year which
occurred last season, the world's wheat crops
; all pointing to exceptionally large If not record I
. breaking yields, still the situation of carried
over supplies, visible and Invisible, Is such as
to lend to confidence In a good demand for
most of this country's surplus, thongh the out
look favors a considerable shading of prices
! obtained from such products,
j There Is a little more hopeful feeling In the
Iron and steel trade, the result partly* of re
! d,uced output nnd stocks on pig, and partly ow
ing to the large business reported offering, '
, particularly at th<- AVest. where pome mills
will fon'go their usual summer shutdowns, and
others will curtail the vacation period materi
ally.
More Is doing In steal, and some Western mills
1 are reported booked for orders until next wln
i ter. Some large export orders are reported
I from Chicago. Except for some shading in
: cereals, caused by the usual tendency to dls
! count Government crop reports and look for
i larger than indicated crop yields, the price \
j situation Is one of considerable steadiness.
Contradictory reports come as to the volume
of export trade In wheat and corn at the de
cline, but a good business for this time of the
year Is undoubtedly doing. The movement of
I now wheat at the Southwest Is also freer,
though farmers are rather independent at pres
ent prices.
Trnde continues of a midsummer dullness at
! the East, hut more Inquiry for raw wool Is a
j feature, and prices are well maintained on a
! fairly large business for this time of the year.
: Features of the trade movement at the West
: are the proposed demand for Iron and steel nt
i Chicago. Louisville and St. Ixiuls report the
; fall trnde outlook as good.
| Our exports still continue In excess of cor
' responding periods of previous yenrs. wheat
| and flour shipments aggregating 2.910,287 bush
els, as against 2.725,4fi2 last week, and compar
ing with 1.522.092 bushels •-> this week a year
! ago; 2.953.949 bushels in 1896: 1.652,892 bushels in
i JOS, and U87J.850 bushels In 1R94.
Business failures in the T'nlted States number
23R as against 241 last week: 247 In this week
a year ago, 255 In 1596, 214 in 1895. Business
failures In Canada number 2SI against 16 last
•week, 38 a year ago, S3 In 1896, and 25 In 1595.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. July 15— CATTLE— There was a
fairly active demand for cattle to-day at
steady prices. Choice steers, $4 SSijfß 25:, med
ium. U r.r.'iM 80; beef Hteers. $4 40@4 80: stack
ers and feeders, tiiai 75; bulls, %I'iH 25; cows
and heifers. $3 1504: calves. $3 26@7; 'Western
steers. $4 20^5 26: steers. $4 7?" 4 85.
HOGS— Were about 5c higher. Fair to choice.
$3 924@4 10; packers. $3 8503 92; butchers. $3 85
«M 05; mixed, $3 85®4: light. $3 76@4; pigs, $2 85
@3 85.
SHEEP— active at recent prices. West
ern sheep. $3 25@3 75; natives, $4 25@6; rims,
$2 25@2 50. •
Receipts— Cattle, 4000; hogs, 23,000; shsep,
5000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, July 15. -CATTLE— Receipts.
4000. Market about steady; native steers, $4 30
©5 25: native cows and' heifers, ■$1 75(34 50:
stoekers and feeders, $3®4 70; bulls, *2 75®
4 90.
Receipts, 12.000. Market strong :o 6c
higher. Bulk of sales, $3 75@3 90; heavies.
$3 8O(f?4 05; packers, $3 65<&3 95: mixed. $3 60©
3 92: lights, $3 60@3 75; yorkers, $3 70<8'3 75; pigs,
$S(f?3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3000. Market steady; lambs
$3 76®6; muttons, $3fi4 65.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, July 15.— CATTLE— 1700. |
Market steady; native beef steers, $4 20<5>5 10; j
Western steers, $3 85@4 70: cows and heifers,
$3 5004 50; stockers and feeders, $3 75® 4 85.
HOGS— Receipts. 7400. Shade stronger; heavy,
$3 75®3 85; mixed, $3 75®3 80; bulk of sales,
$3 75«?3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1100. Steady: fair to
choice natives, $3 SOW 50; do Westerns, 3 70
@4 30; common, $3 25@4 20; lambs, $4@«.
• • DENVER. !
DENVER. July 15.— CATTLE— Receipts. 2200.
Market firm; beef steers. $4<g4 70; cows, $3@4;
feeders, freight paid to river. $4^4 80; stockers
do, $4<<?s; bulls and stags. $2 50<$3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market steady; light
packers. $3 70-33 75; mixed. $3 70*33 80; heavy,
$3 6t"33 80.
SHEEP— none. Market unchanged.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
Th« Earl Fruit Company Bold California
fruits to-day as follows: '
NEW YORK, July Plums— Burbank, $1 35
®1 65. average $1 56; California red. $1 60@l 80,
average $1 64; Purple Duane, $1 80; Peach
plums, $1 37. Prunes— $1 15@1 30. j
average $1 18; Satsuma, $1 00; Tragedy, $1 15® |
1 40. average $1 27. Pears— Bartletts. $1 30®
2 %6, average. $2 17: half -boxes. 95. Cherries-
Royal Anne, 45@l 25. average 82c; Republican.
KOI 60, average $1 20. Weather hot. Eleven
cars sold.
BOSTON. July 15.— Bartlett pears— sl 25@
2 20, average $1 68. Weather dry. Four cars
sold.
CHICAGO. July 15.— Bartlett pears— sl 900
2 30, average $2 02. Tragedy prunes— sl 10®l 40,
average $1 30. Plums— Burbank. $1 27; Wash
ington, $1 22; Purple Duane, $1 11. Weather
warm, Twelve cars sold.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July 15.— At the wool auction sales
to-day 13.076 bales were offered. A fair quan
tity of medium good scoured and fine greasy
merino sold quickly at high prices. Buperflne j
greasy was in better demand and sold at Im- |
proved prices.
The general tone of the sale was firm. Fol
lowing are the pales In detail:
New South Wales. 100 bales; scoured. Bd®
Is 3V4d; greasy, 5%®10d. »
Queensland, 900 bales; scoured, 10d®ls sd;
greasy, 7<- 2 <l.
Victoria. 2900 bales; scoured, 7%d®ls %d;
greasy. 6i4<ff"Hd.
South Australia. 1000 bales; scoured, Is®
Is 4.1: greasy. 4%.^7\d.
West Australia. 100 bales: greasy. 6^4d.
Tasmania, 800 bales; greasy, 6d@ls Id.
New Zealand, 5400 bales; scoured, 6d@la Id;
greasy, 6%@6d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 15.— The local Wheat
market has not yet shown much evidence of
life, and no sales of new crop Wheat have
been reported. Walla Walla, 60®61c; valley
and blue stem, 63(564c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. July 15.— Wheat, quiet; for
eign markets have caused a drop of lo In this
market. Club, 60c; blue em, 63c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, July . 15.— Consols, 111%; silver,
27 5-16 d; French rentes. 103f 10c.
LIVERPOOL, July 15.— Wheat steady; car
goes off coast, little doing; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet; English country markets, quiet;
Liverpool wheat, No. 1 California, 7*978 Id.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 15-32.
CLOSE. '
WHEAT— Futures closed quiet; July 6s 7d ;
September, 7s 7V«d; December, 7s 7\id.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 winter steady, 6s IH<l.
CORN — Spot American mixed quiet, 3s Id;
July, 7s. %d; October, quiet. 3s 3d.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK., July 15.— Cotton quiet; mid
dllnar. 6 3-16 c. .
NEW ORLEANS. July 15.— Cotton quiet and
steady; middling 5 l-16c, ' ; .
: PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. July Exchanges, $201,
589; balances, $28.277.
LOCAL MARKETS,
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, Bight — $4 87
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 8514
i Sterling Cables — 488 |
i New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17'/»
New York Exchange, sight — 15
Fine -Silver, per ounce — 5914
Mexican Dollars 46 46H
. WHEAT AN OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Trade continued at a standstill,
! but the feeling was firm and futures were
somewhat better.
Spo* Wheat— Shipping, $1 25@1 27H; milling,
$1 35@1 45 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 254; 14,000,
$1 2SVi.
Regular morning session — December — 6000
ctls. $1 2SH.
Afternoon session — December — 6000 ctls,
I Si 2&%.
BARLEY— The market continues to advance.
Feed, SI 20igl 25; Brewing. SI 30<31 35.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
i Second — No pales.
Regular morning session December 12,000
i Ctlß. SI 21: 2000. $1 21%.
Afternoon session — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 2iv 4000, SI 21%; 2000. $1 21 2000, $1 SOH;
: , 4000. $1 20V«: 10.000, SI 20%.
OATS— Fancy Feed. SI 32V4@1 35 per ctl; good
1 to choice, SI JB(i?l StHi common, $117%@122V4: j
Surprise. SI 32»4@1 35: gray, $1 22Vi@l 25: mill- |
; Ing. $1 30« 135 per ctl.
i CORN— round yellow, $1 25*91 30; East- ;
1 crn large yellow, $1 05@l 07H; white. SI 05® !
1 07H: mixed. Si 024(?n 05 per ctl.
RYE— SI 20<Ql 25 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75©1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 65@4 75; bakers'
extras. $4 40(fi4 50 per bbl.
MILL.STUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75 per 100;
! Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeai. it 50; extra cream
' Cornmeal, {3 25; Oatmeal. $< 25: Oat Groats,
! J4 50; Hominy. $3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4
!@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75- Farina, $4 50;
I Whole Wheat Flour, S3 50; Rolled Oats (bar-
I rels). $5 So®* 25: in sacks. $5 65<jTG 05; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 60
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay Is extremely firm and there is no choice
coming In, the major part of receipts being
Alfalfa and similar inferior kinds. The farm
ers are holding on to their good Hay. All sales
l are at full figures..
Feedstuff are as before, except an advance
I In Rolled Barley.
BRAN— SI 4 uO@ls 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O®<22 per ton.
I FEEDSTI'FFS— Barley. $26 per ton.
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; jobbing,
: $32<ji32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21<g25; Cottonseed
1 Meal, $28@30 per . ton: Cornmeal, $23@23 50;
I Cracked Corn, $24@24 50. • »
NEW HAY— Wheat. $18 50<g19 50 for choice
and $17@18 for lower grades; Wheat and Oat,
$17@lfl 00; Oat. $17@18; Wild Oat, $16@17; Bar
ley, $1«: Island Barley. $14(?16; Alfalfa, $12 50
013; Clover, $13@14 50 pec ton. ; ■*..-*.,
STRAW— 6O<S9Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no change In any description.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@2 95; Small Whites,
! $1 80m 90; Large Whites. $1 7:.@1 SO: Pinks. $2 60
! @2 75; Reds, $2 7. r .*?r2 85; Blackeye. Kl®3 26: But-
I ters, $ISO<S2; Llmas. $2 So*li2 90; Pea. $1 90@2;
I Red Kidneys, 2 50<g2 70 per ctl.
! SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $4 50®5 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard. $4 60©5: Flax. $202 05; Canary
Seed, 2H'®2>4c per lb; Alfalfa, 3<p6c; Rape, 2*@
2%c: Hemp. 2»i@3c: Timothy. 6@s>4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2; Green, $2@2 10
per ctl. . . ;
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Prices for all kinds remained about the
: same.
POTATOES— Potatoes. 60*ff70c In sacks
and 60#90c in boxee for Early Rose and 50®
70c in sacks and 6Oc«j!sl in boxes for Burbanks;
I Salinas Burbairks. 80@90c.
ONIONS— SOc per ctl for red and 75^.90c per
ctl for yellow. . • .
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, "c@s2 per
; box; Green Peas, lH@2'.-4c per lb; String Beans,
i 2*#sc per lb; Lima Beans, 6c; Bay Squash. SItJJ
1 25; Green Peppers, 60@75c for Chile and $1®
1 GO for Hell: Dried Peppers,' s@6c; Cabbage,
i 50c per ctl; Carrots. 30@50c per sack; Bay Cv-
I cumbers. $I@l 25: Vacavtlle Tomatoes, 60<g75e:
Los Angeles, 76c@$l 25 per box; Kiver Toma
! toes,- $2<f?2 25; Green C^-" • 76c<??$l 25 per sock
1 for Vacavllle. $I®l 50 per crate for Alameda
and 70®90c for Berkeley; Garlic, 2*^3c per lb;
Green Okra, 65@$1; Egg Plant, 75c@ $1 50 per
box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw. I2e per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced
I desiccated, 16@18c: granulated, raw, 13c:
; Onions. . 60c; Carrots, old,. 13c; new, 18c; Cab
ba«e. BCc; Sweet Potatoes, 80c: . Turnips, 23c;
1 String Beans, 80c; Tomatoes, 600. ,
POULTRY AND GAME.
"With the exception of -Turkey« the market
Is weak and dull. Broilers are lower.
POULTRY-Live Turkeys. 13@15c for Gob
blers and 13®14c for Hens; young Turkeys, 17®
18c: Geese, per pair, 75c@$l; Goslings $I@l 2o;
Ducks, $2 50@3 for old and S3®s for young;
Hens, $3 60@5; Roosters, young. $6@7; Roosters,
old, $4 60@5; Fryers. $5®5 50; Broilers, $3 oo@4
for large, $2 60@3 for small; Pigeons. $1 50®
1 75 per dozen for young and $I@l 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTED. CHEESE AND EGGS.
An advance In ranch Eggs Is the only change.
Butter Is In free supply and not active, and
close buyers get concessions. Cheese stands
the same.
- BUTTER— -, - ...
Creamery— Fancy creameries. 21c. with sales
of special brands at 22c; seconds, 19«T20c.
Dairy— to fancy, 17<?18c; common ;
grades, 15<&lfic.
! Eastern Butter— packed, 14®15c per lb;
! Elgin, nominal. . . -;
CHEESE— Choice and mil new, 8c: old, 7@
"He; Cream Cheddar. 10®llc; Toting America,
B(§9c; Eastern, 12© 13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 16<3<19c per dozen; store
Eggs. 12@14c; Eastern, 12V4@16c; Duck Eggs,
16c. _
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS ■ FRUITS.
It looks as If there would be a boom In Bart
| lett Pears. The crop Is light everywhere, and
I along the river, where the greater part come
from every year, there Is no crop at all worth
speaking of. The canners have raised their
bids In the Santa Clara Valley to $30 per ton,
but with indifferent success, as the growers
are not selling. The trade look for still higher
prices.
Peaches and Apricots are firm, but Plums are
weak. Berries are doing better, arrivals being
light.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $3@4 per chest for large and
|5g6 for small.
Royal Anne Cherries, 30®40c per box.
Figs. 30®50c per box for single and 50<975c for
double layers.
| Cantaloupes, $3 50@4 00 per crate: Nutmegs,
$1 25@1 50 per box; Watermelons, $l'cT2 per
dozen.
Huckleberries, B@l2^c per lb.
Red Nectarines, $1; White Nectarines, 76c
per box. :.
Fontalnebleau Grapes from Vavavllle, 50^75c
per crate; Seedless White Grapes from Yuma,
per crate; Black -Grapes, . ■ '■■",■■
Blackberries, $3 50@5 per chest.
Currants. $1 50@3 per chest.
Plums, 50@60c per crate and 30@60c per box.
Apricots, 40(g"5c per box and $40(g65 per ton
In bulk.
Peaches. 50c<f?Jl per box, 75c@$l per basket.
Raspberries, $4®7 per chest.
Apples, 40®50c tor common, and 75c@$l 25 per
box for No. 1.
Crabapples, 40@60c per box.
Bartlett Pears, $I@l 25 per box and $25@30
P *CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 60@3;
j Seedlings. 75c@$l: Lemons, $1 25@2 for com
! mon and $2 «fip'?f 3 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $6<f/7; Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3*i4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
There Is nothing new. .; Business Is flat, but
dealers look for a lively fall trade In the new
crop, and at good prices.
DRIED FRUlTS—Prunes, carload lots. \%rs
5c for 40-50' s, 4%04%c for 60-60' s, 3%@4c for
60-70's. 3Vi©3V4c for 70-80's, 2%<g3c for 80-90' 2>4
<g-2V4c for 90-100' s; Peaches, 3©sc; fancy, DV4@
6c; peeled, 10<§12>/4c; new Apricots, S@9c for
Royals; old Apricots, 54j6V4c for Royals and
7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7%@oc; sun-dried, 4H@sc; Black
Figs, in sacks, 2@2'^c;. Plums, 4V4®4%c for
pitted and l^itl^c for unpitted; bleached
Plums, 6(§sVic: Nectarines, 4(gsc for prime to
: fancy; Pears, 2V4®4}Jc for quarters and .3!g5%c
' for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— 2@2>£c for two-crown, 29i@'3c for
■ three-crown, 33493% c for four-crown, 4<4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2%c for heedless Muscatels
and $l(& i l 15 for London layers; dried Grapes,
2&c.
Walnuts. 3©4 c for hardshell, 4@6c for
1 softshell; Almonds, 3@lc.for hardshell, 6@7c for
softshell, SH@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4®
s>>ic for Eastern and 4Vje for California: Pe
cans, 6M;<?iSc; Filberts. »4(&10c; Brazil Nuts,
S@9c per fb; Cocoanuts, $4 SOWS per 100.
HONEY— Comb, St'irlOc for bright and 6<#7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 6V4@
6c: light amber extracted, 4%@!5V4c per It).
; BEESWAX— 24© 26c per !t>.
; PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per It) for
. heavy, 9>4c for light medium, 10c for light,
' lie for extra light and 12#12V4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10>£(gllc; Call
■ fornla Hams, 9V4@loc; Mess Beef, $1050 per bbl:
' extra Mess Beef. $11; Family Beef, $12;
Pork. $9; extra prime Pork, $10: extra clear,
$17@17 50; mews, $15; Smoked Beef, l2@l2V£s
per rb. . -'• - • ♦ , ..
- LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6c per r>
' for compound and 8c for pure; palls, *\>r,
California tierces. 5Hc per lb for compound
1 and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-It) tins,
8c: B-lt> tins, BV4c
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%®6Hc: • packages
less than 300 lbs— l-lb pails. 60 in a case. 9',ic;
3-Ib palls, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-Ib pulls, 12 m a
case, SV»c; 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%c; 50-lb
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, "Tic: woolen buckets. 20
lbs net. SMic; fancy tubs, 80 lbs n-^t, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7?ic per Tb.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides rule weak at a decline. • Wool and
Hops are unchanged. • ,
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
' about lc under the quotations. Heavy saltr-J
I steers, lOVjc; medium, 9V4c; light, 9c; • Cow
! hides, 9<s9Vse: Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10»; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and
brand*. 12<iT12Vic; dry Kip and Veal. 15c; dry
Calf. ISc: Goatskins. 27%@30c; medium, bOo;
winter. 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®25c each;
short wool. 30<&40c each: medium, 60®S0c; long
wool. JtfVtfiJl 10 each; Horsehldes, salt, $1 50<g-2
for lnrge and $I^l 50 for small; Colts. 50c; '
HorJehlde*. dry, *1 50*52 for large and $1 for
small: Colts, 50c.
I TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 2Ki(fi3\c per Tb;
No. 2. 2Vi-(i?'3c; refined, 4^(Ti4 9 4c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clips, Southern Mountain, 7@loc;
free Northern, Sfrl2c. Spring clip— Southern
i Mountain. 12 months'. 9@llc: San Joaquln and
i I Southern, 7 months', i@loc: Foothill and
! Northern, free, 12@14c; do, defective, 10@12c;
Middle county, 13iS16c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno, 15@17c: Nevada, 10@14c: Eastern Oregon,
10®12c; Valley Oregon, 15@17c.
HOPS £ -1597 crop, 9@12%c per ID.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— weak. Calcutta Grain Bags, 4%®
4%c: Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln. $4 85.
Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel-
l ington, $8: Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
! tie, $6: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
I $7 50; Cumberland, $10 25 In bulk and $1150 In
i sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
! nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
Is 7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in
RlCE— China Mixed, $4 35<5?4 40; China No. 1.
$4 90^5 15; extra do. $5 30(55 60; Hawaiian. $6«f)
6 124; Japan. $5 RO<7?6 40: Louisiana, $5 50<3;6 50.
SUGAR —^The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube. Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c: Powdered, 6%c: Candy
Granulated, 6c; Dry Granulated, ,5%c: Confec
tioners' A, 6 tic: Magnolia A, 5%c; Extra C,
5He: Golden C, 5Hc; California A. 5%c per lb;
half-barrels, 'Ac more than barrels, and boxes
I ; 1.4 c more.
' SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
' Hogs are lower, as the sharp advance has
'. called in larger receipts. The other kinds re-
I t main as before.
' Wholesale rates for . dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6>^c; second quality,
6H<B't>c: third quality, 4V4®SV4C per lb.
, VEAL— Large, 4(gsc; small, 6®7c per n>.
MUTTON— 7H@Bc; Ewes, 7@7&c
per Tb. "■-;•
LAMB— Spring. 8^846 per Tb.
1 PORK— Live Hogs, 4V>,(& % 4»ic for large, 5c for
medium and 4 1 <i<i74Hc for small; stock Hogs,
' j 2®3'/ic; dressed Hogs, 7@Sc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday,' July 15.
I Flour, qr sks ... 8.8251 Wine, gals 49,300
' Barley, ctls 1,100 Leather, rolls ... ;10
1 I Butter, ctls 239 Hides, no 40
, ! Cheese, ctls 72 Pelts, bdls 23
flay, tons 302 Lime, bbls 360
'. i Bran, sks 50 Paper, reams.... 1.250
I Middlings, sks .. 200 Quicksilver, flsk. 110
Eggs, doz 13.2C0 1 Leather, rolls ..."'-';•; 6
OREGON.
Dnts, ctls 310!
UTAH.
Hay, tons lO^---
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Ekks are dearer. Butter Is unchanged.
Mrats and Poultry sell at about last week'B
prices.
Cantaloupes and Watermelons are added to
the list of fruits. The fruit market Is not
heavily supplied this year, and some kinds,
notably Peaches and Pears, are scarce and
likely to continue bo. Grapes are green and
sour as yet.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ @12 00 Castle Gate. s9 60®
Wellington . @10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- i Wellington & 9 50
ton OOiCoos Bay @ 7 00
Seattle * 00® —I
Dairy Produce, etc—
Butter, fancy, per | Common Eggs — ®15
square 40@45j Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 35®— dos .......— @2o
Do, good 30@— Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10#— ;lb 12®15
Cheese, Eastern.. — Do, extracted... B@lo
Cheese, 5wi55..... 20@25
■ Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12@17|Porlc, .fresh 12(315
Beef, choice 12@15|Porlc, . s&lt V.,..10@12
Do, good B@lo|Pork, chops.. 12®1.">
Corned Beef ..... S#lo Round Steak 10@—
Ham, Ca1........12V4H'15 Sirloin Steak.... 12Hi»—
Do, Eastern — ®13 Porterhouse, d0... 17^20
Lard ..:.:." ..12<j?16 Smoked 8eef......— 15
Mutton ...........— Pork Sausages — @20
Spring Lamb 12©— Veal '..'....• 12&15
Poultry and Game— ,__ „.
Hens, each.... 30@ 65 [Turkeys, pr Ib 17® 20
Young Roost- • Ducks, each... 40® •60
*rs, each.... 75® 85 Geese, each... 75@1 00
Old Roosters. Pigeons, pair.. 25® 50
each 1 40® &0 Rabbits, pair.. @ *°
Fryers, each.. BOW 65 Hare, each....-; — @ zo
Broilers, each 40® \
• Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots, per 1b... 5® 8 Umes, doz.'. 12@15
Almonds, lb .12015 Nectarines, pr lb. B<§>lo
Apples, lb 4@) 6 Granges, do* 12@30
Blackberries, per Peaches, per 1b... 5@ 8
drawer ••••30^f35iPlums, Ib *<3> 6
Bananas. doz Itaspberries, per
Currants, per box . 40 ; drawer 35@40
Cantaloupes, each. 20@30| Raisins, lb s@lo
Cherries, per 1b... 4@ 6 i Strawberries, per
Figs, per lb 6@lo| drawer .25@40
3rapes, per 1b... .18020 Walnuts, lb 15@—
Lemons, d0«..-. 20<g30 1 Watermelons, ech.2o@3o
Vegetables—
Asparagus, lb 4W lettuce, doz 15@25
Artichokes, d0z...20@25 L'.reen Okra, 1b... .15*20
Beets, doz 12015 1 Onions lb *«P 5
Beans, white, lb.. 4"i 5 Peppers, green.... 6«jlO
Colored, lb 4® 5 Potatoes, lb 24$ 3
Lima, lb 5@ 6 PaSnlps, doz 15020
Cabbage, .each 5«10 Radishes, dz bchs.lO<j*l2
Cauliflowers, each fi4j>lo Sage, lb 25C<J35
?eler>-. bunch..... SO— String Beans, lb.. 4@ 8
;re»s. doz bnchs..2o(fj-25 Summer Squash.
Cucumbers, d0z...10(515 per lb 4@ 5
Egg Plant, per Ib SWIO rhyme, lb 20@30
3reen Corn. d0z...15@30 Turnips, doz 15(5.20
3reen Peas, 1b.... 3® 5 Tomatoes, lb 6® 8
Lentils, lb 6@ 8
Fish, per lb—
.Barracuda, B@lo Shrimps B@lo
?arp B<SlO shad B@lo
Codfish 8«iO lea Bass —fain
Flounders 6@ 8 Smelts 10012
Herring ...— @— Soles iff in
Halibut 10®12 Skates, each .. . s@lo
Klngflsh "I 10 Tomcod 10«!—
Mackerel 12@— :iams. gal — ®50
Do. horse — «— Do, hardshell, 100.40(S50
Perch in©— >abs, each 10@15
Pompano r,o^'7sDo softshell, doz.2srb.Vi
Rockflsh 12@15 Mussels, qt 10®12
3almon. smoked.. 2o@— u>>-sters, Cal. 100..40®—
Salmon, fresh 15@20 Do, Eastern, d0z..25@40
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was quite a boom In mining stocks
considering the bedrock prices now prevailing
and some of the Comstocks scored marked ad
vances, as will be seen by the list of sales
The brokers and operators are slowly getting
at the real Intent of the new stamp law and
In a few days will doubtless be familiar with
Its details.
The Potosl assessment falls delinquent In
board to-day.
Local securities were fairly active at about
the same prices. ,
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the week ending July 9 the usual explora
tions continued in the New, Moyle, Bullion,
East, Main Standard, Black, No. v 10 and For
tuna ledges on the 150, 245,' 31S, ' 3SQ and 582
levels, and a considerable amount of /air to
good ore, Improving In places. Is being de
veloped. The stopes in the various productive
sections of the mine are yielding the regular
quantity of fair to good milling ore. Some very
high grade ore Is being taken from raise 5
above the north drift on the 380-foot level.
Standard mill statement— Ore crushed for the
week. 188}; tons; average assay vanner tail-
Ings, $3 29; concentrates produced, 2 tons: assay
value. ■ $162 37; amalgam produced, 740% troy
ounces: value per ounce, $2 St. The mill was
shut down on July 4. Tailings plant No. 1
treated 358 tons tailings during the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. July 15—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 51% —
Is quar coup.. llo 111 Pac Gas Imp.. 85 —
ils quar reg...109%110^ Pac L Co — 50
Is quar new. ..124 125 5 F G & E... 85 85
Miscellaneous — San Fran .... 3 3*4
Cal-st Cab 55. 112 — Stock Gas 13 —
I Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance —
C C Wat 05... 95 100 Flrem's Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .128% — Anglo-Cal .... 55 85
F&CI Ry 65. 113 114 Bank of Ca1. .142 —
3eary-st R ss. — 100 "al SD & T.. 97 99
aC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat 200 —
IL, A L Co 6s. — 100 l.on P & A.... —
| Do gntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
j Market-st (i 5. .124 — N'ev Nat 8....155 165
Do Ist MSB.. — Savings Banks—
! Vat Vln 6» lets — 974 Ser S & L... — 1650
NCNG Ry 7s. 103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
I N Ry Cal 55.. 100 102% Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55. .102 102% 3 F Say L\. 480 —
<TC R R is. 100 — 5 & L 50.... — 100
Oak Gas ss. 100 — Security SB. 275 —
Do 2d Is ss..l<W\lo9Vi Union T Co. looo —
Dm Ry 6s 126 — Street Railroad—
P & O 65. ....110 — California .... — 108
P & Cl Ry 65. 103 103% Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Market-st ....52% —
Reno WL&L...100 — Presidio — 8
Sac Elecß.vss.loo — Powder—
5 F & N P 55.106%106% California ....120 150
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... 85 —
sPof Ar 63.. 103 104 Giant Con Co. 46% 47%
5 P Cal 6s — 113 Vigorit 2% 3 j
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Miscellaneous —
6 P Br 6s — 116 A.l Pac Assn.. 93% — I
3 V.Wat 65... 11714117% Ger Ld Wks..llO — j
3 V Wat 45. ..102 102% Hana P C 0.... 15^ 15%
Stock Gas 6H..100 — |H C & S Co.. 22% 23
Water Stocks— iHtuch 8 P Co. 50% 51
Contra Costa.. 50 6*.. Mer Ex Aesn. 90 —
Marin Co 50 — iNat Vln C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 98V4 98% Oceanic S Co. 534 55
Gas & Electric— Pac A F L..... 1% 2»4 I
Cent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0....100. ...100 104
Mutual El Co. 10 11 Par Paint Co. 7 —
■ Morning Session. -
10 Giant Powder Con .' 46 374 I
60 Hana Plantation Co 15 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 50
'i Market-street Railway 52 87%
20 do do • 62 73
50 Vigorit Powder 3 00
Street— ■••/.-■■<>..■... /.'.••
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 83 50
50 Spring Valley Water 98 50
$5000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 50
Afternoon Session.
105 Alaska Packers' Association 93 75
10 Giant Powder Con 46 50
100 Hawaiian Commercial- & Sugar 22 75
$2000 Market-street Ry Con Bonds 5s 114 00
$1000 Park & Cliff House 6s Bonds 103 00
MS F Gas & Electric Co 85 2.»
15 Spring Valley Water 98 50
$2000 S F & N P Ry Bonds 106 00
INVESTMENT ■ BOARD.
Morning Session.
75 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 25
35 do do 22 37% I
15 do do 22 50
40 Oakland Gas 51 00
15 do do """":::::::::::::": 61 I' 4
25 do do 6125
30 Alaska Packers' Asoclatlon 93 50
Afternoon Session.
40 Hawaiian C&S Co 22 50 i
20 do do 22 62% I
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran- !
Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning: Session.
WO Union Con 13 :
Afternoon Session.
(00 Challenge 13, 100 Savage ... 14 |
100 Choi lar 18 >00 Sierra Nevada" ,3 i
700 Con Cal & Va.. IS [200 " 54
100 Mexican 10 [100 Union Con 19
100 Ophlr 20.100.. . ' ->o
100 Totosi 051100 Yellow Jacket!!! 13 I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, July 15—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. . Bid A«»V
Alpha -■ 03 Julia -02
Alt* 02 04 Justice 03 t6
Andes 04 05 Kentuck .. 02 04
Belcher •..;..... 13 14 Lady Wash ... - 02
Best & Belcher 17 IS Mexican ... " 10 11
Bullion 03 05 Accidental .....' Co —
Caledonia 18 19 )phir 20 - 212 1
foliar .... 19 20 Overman ....... 03 05
Challenge Con. 12 IS Potosl .... 04 05
Confidence — 20 Savage .. . 13 14
Con Cal & Va. IS 19 ? es Belcher ".'.'. 03 05 '
Con Imperial .. — 02 Scorpion . . 01 —
Crown Point ... 05 06 Sierra Nevada" 55 56
Con New York. - 03 silver Hill .. 03 05
Eureka Con ... - 20 Syndicate .. . — 03
Exchequer — 03 Standard .. .. —1 60
_.ould & Curry. 06 07 Cnion Con .... 19 M
Hale & Norcrs. 52 — Utah M ' 1
Yellow Jacket. 14 15 1 0Z **■
A valuable Panting In Munich was re
cently tested by means of X rays a" it I
was doubtful who the artist was.' The I
photograph showed the correct lights and
shadows and revealed the initial! of the '
artist, as , also his monogram, with the
™Uht 1! 1 1 i l °.' U?h . that thls method
might be used to detect fraudulent imi
tations of valuable paintings.
Durlnpr the Civil War 5221 commissioned
?n ffl a c r ,!on nd 9 °^ en l lsted men were killed
in action or died of wounds received in
iw^S' u\oa commissioned officers and
; 182.329 enlisted men died from disease or
accident, making a total loss of 289 739 '
I men. Deaths occurring after the men left !
I the army are not Included in these figures. j
THE CALL CALENDER.
'. 183$.
Moon's Phase*
©Fall Moon.
\*) July 8
4
Hi
je-LrMt uu.irtor.
Q. July 10.
KewMooa,
Qp July IS
ii
15
V
NOTICE TO MARINERS."
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
unce. located In the Merchants 1 Exchange. Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
tree of expense.
Navigators are cordially tnvtted to visit the
ornee. where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
ior comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign fretlrvi). U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN) MOON* AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high ami low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. JULY 16.
Sun rises 5:00
Sun sets 7:31
Moon rises 2:48 a. m.
;L W
■\ 4:49
I 5:19
i 6:49
I 6:19
H W
0:13
! 0:53
-0.4
—0.5
—0.5
—0.5
11:40
12:12
12:39
1:<»4
1:28 !
4.
4.
3:29
4:14
4:54
5:38
6:19
H W
1:50
2:15
3.4 9:36
3.4 10:16
3.2 10:56
3.1! 11:35
2.S
1L W
4.8; 7:05
5.01 7:54'
5.:
5J
6
7:
B I
0.
2.S
2.3
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dny in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide nf
the day the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rpference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydragraphlc Office. TJ. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, July
15, 189 S.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c., at noon nf the ljnth meridian, or at 8
p. ni. Greenwich mean time.
CHAP P. WKLCH,
Ensign (retired). U. P. X., in charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
imer.
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound July 16
Columbia Portland July 18
Pomona Pan Di'KO July J*
Signal Gray's Harbor July. 16
Orizaba (Humboldt July 17
Bristol Comox July 17
Mackinaw Tacoma July 17
Ninßchow Departure Bay July 17
Homer Newport July IS
Scotia Humboldt July 13
Starbuck I Panama ' July'l9
State California Portland July 20
Santa Rosa San Diego July 20
Arcata, Coos Bay July 20
Chilkat Humboldt July 20
Czarina [Seattle July 20
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound July 21
Creacent City.. Crescent City July 21
North Fork Humboldt July 2:
Coos Bay 'Newport |July.22
Leelanaw St. Michael I July 25
ly 16
ly 1«
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. | Pier.
Arcata 'Coos Bay July 16, 10 am Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport July j^ 9am Pier 11
North Fork Humbnldt .../July 1% 9am Pier 2
Chllkat Humboldt jJuly 1\ 9am Pier 13
Pan Jose IPanama July 18, 12 m PMSS
Columbia .'Portland [July 18, 10 am Pier 13
Pomona f San Diego.. ..(July 18, 11 ampler ll
Orizaba .. ..Humboldt ....I July 19. 10 am Pier 9
Curacao ....Mexico !July 19. 1« am Pier 11
Homer (Newport I July 20, 9 amjPler H
rmatilla ..Vic & Pst Sd.iJuly 2<\ 10 amiPler i
Newburg ..Humboldt July 30, 9 amiPler 4
Santa Rosa; Pan Dle«ro....!July 22, llamiPler 11
State of Cal Portland jJuly 22, 10 am Pier 12
Steamer, i Destination.
Sails.
fc HIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, July 15.
Stmr "Westport. Peterson, 64 hours from New-
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 78 hours from
Seattle. ■ •
°tmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 17 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Tug Rescue, Thompson, 18. hours from Asto
ria with tug Wizard In tow.
O & O RR Ferry No 2. Schrieder, 3 deys 18
hours from Astoria, In tow of tug: Rescue.
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch, 29 days II hoars 5$
mm from Hongkong-, via Yokohama 17 days
14 hours 7 mm, via Honolulu 6 days 6 hours
11 mln.
Ship Two Brothers, "Wilson, days from De
parture Bay. - : '.. .. ." •
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 18 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, 48 hours from
Coqullle River.
CLEARED.
Friday, July 15.
Nor Btmr Titanla, Engenes,- Nanalmo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka: Charles Nel
son.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, Ban Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Roanoke, Thompson, New York; John
Rosenf eld's Sons. .
Brig Lurllne, MacLeod, Kahuiul; Hawaiian
Commercial and Sugar Co.
SAILED.
Friday, July 15.
Stmr "Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr U S Grant Slamm, Puget Sound.
Stmr Hueneme, Johnson.
Stmr Peru, Frlele, Honolulu and Manila.
Stmr City of Puebla, Goodall. Honolulu and
Manila.
Stmr Gipsy. Gielow, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Laguna, Briesson.
Brig Lurllne, McLeod, Kahului.
Schr Seven Sisters, Rasmussen.
Schr Ocean Spray, Ostlin.
Schr Estehr Buhne, Anderson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 15 — p. Weather,
haz; wind, W; velocity, 20- miles.
CHARTERS.
The bark Ceylon loads mdse at Seattle for
Honolulu. ''..:-
MISCELLANEOUS..
HONOLULU— AII the transports ex
cepting the stmr Newport have returned to
port, owing to an accident to the stmr Indi
ana's boiler. Do not know how long they will
be detained, but they expect to get away by
noon to-morrow.
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT ANGELES— port July IB— Schr Eric,
from Chemainus. for Taku. : : '.'
BRISTOL. Arrived June Schr North
Bend, hence May 2.
SAN PEDRO- Arrived July 11— Schr Eva.
from Tacoma. June 12— Schr Ethel Zane. from
Port Gamble. „' .__'.. ■,_ „
UNGA— June 17— Schr Joseph Russ.
fF pORT LOS' ANGELES— SaiIed July H-Stmr
Alcazar, for . July IS— Ship Dashing ■« aye.
f< U&aJL^Bafled July 15-Sch Neptune, for San
FGF G a REENWOOD-SalledJuly 15-Stmr Whites-
CASPAR-Saned july 315-Stmr3 15-Stmr Jewel, for S»
P EUREKA-Arrlved July 16-Ptmr Scotia, hno
J "rXGA- Arrived June 21-Bark Palmyra, frm
Nl"N l"- C TCH ' HARBOR-Arrived June 17-Schr J
rviimAn from St Michael.
SEATTLE-Arflved July l'-Jap itmr Tuna
iriichi Maru from Yokohama,
gu , FOREIGN PORTS, i
v\l MOUTH— Arrived, July 14— ship Cam-,
brTan King, from Oregon: Br ship Hornby Can- *
tie from Oregon: Br snip Contshead. hence Feb
19*' Vir bark Imperator. from Tacoma: Br ship
Jordanhil" from Seattle; Br ship Olenogll. hnc
V *Ll\h July 14-Br ship Royal Forth, for Hull:
N^ bb a E k VS^O^N- f Arr^d WC jj r Siy tt-Br BhlP
M { 1 I t zTßD^Pa O^ed°j ce 5l5 lv nn _ Br ship G , flnart>
hence FeblT-Br ship Poltalloch. from Oregon.
f %EWCASTUS. NSW-Salled- Br bark Calth
_ '^b «hire for San Francisco. . ......
HONOLt'LI'-Sailed June 29-U S stmr Mon
, ' ..' for Manila: U S stmr Brutus, for Ma
'„„'' Tune 30— Bark S C Allen, • for San Fran-
Ms;-.- -hip Seorga Curtis, for New- York; schr
Alice Cook, for San Francisco. July — Bktn
viVrPka for Tacoma: Br bark Veritas.for Che
nmlnu*' lulv 5-Bktn S N Castle, for San
Francisco; July 6— Bktn Kllkltat. for Port
Tnwn«eiul Br stmr Warrlmoo. for Victoria.
{' ]v Stmr Ohio, for Manila; stmr City of
Para, for Manila: stmr Indiana, for Manila;
stmr Morgan City, for Manila; stmr Newport.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived June 13— Rub stmr Ko
tlk from Bering Sea.
HONOLULU— Arrived June 30— Ship John C
Potter, from Newcastle. NSW. July Schr
Aloha hence June 17: Haw bark R P Rithet,
hence June 16. July S— V 9 stmr Nero, hence
June 23; V S stmr Monadnock, hence June 23;
bark Amy Turner, from New York. - July 4—4 —
Bark C D Bryant, hence June 22; bktn Mary
"VVlnkleman, from Tacoma. July s— Stmr Ohio,
hence June 27; stmr City of Para, hence June
27 July C— Br stmr Warrimoo, from Sydney;
stmr Indiana, hence June 27; stm Morgan City,
hence June 27. July 7— Stmr Newport, hence
June 29: stmr Valencia, hence June 28: ship H
Villard. from Comox; brig John D Spreckels.
hence June 26. July B— Br stmr Mlowera. frm
Victoria: Br stmr Gaelic, from Yokohama;
bktn Archer, hence June 24; bark Seminole,
from Nanalmo.
KAHULUl— Arrived June 27— Schr Muriel,
from Nanalmo. June 28 — Schr Jennie -Wand,
hence June 10. July 3— Schr Qttlllle Fjord, frm
Eureka.
Sailed July 3— Schr. Jennie Wand,' for San
Francisco.
MAHl'KONA— Sailed July I— Brig Consuelo.
for San. Francisco. ..: .. : «. . .
Arrived July 3 — Bark Albert, hence
June 21.
^HONOLULU—BaIIed July Schr Emma
Clandlxia, for Kahului.LOCAL ROADS
ARE ASSESSED
County Equalizers Take
a New Departure.
MITCHELL AS A LAWYER
OVERRIDES THE OPINION OF
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
Railroad Applications Are Disposed
Of With More Alacrity
Than for Years
Past.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
008 Broadway, July 15.
E. Black Ryan, ; >x agent of the South
ern Padflc, made his* customary annual
visit to the Board of Equalization this
afternoon. He did not bring so much ma
terial as usual, nor tiid lie tile his ordinary
number of applli ations for reductions of
assessments. He practically conceded that
the assessment of railroad property as
adjusted last year by the County Board
:s about Just, ajid asked that it bo main
tained for this year, although the Asses
sor has added largely to those ligures.
The company asked for a reduction on
the broaii-sraupre ferry depot from $125,000
to $86,000. It \\iia reduced to $115,000. On
the improvements at the end of Long 1
wharf the assessment was $16,000. A re
s7ooo was asked, and the board
'. The narrow-gauge
was assessed ai $45,000. Mr. Ryan
. that it v d last year, on
motion of Mr. Roeth, to $25,000, and they
asked for the same figures this year. The
applli granted.
The water front property next came up,
and a dispute followed as to the legality
of the descriptions of the property and as
to whether the Assessor's descriptions
would legally carry a tax, District At
torney Snook decided that the descriptions
were defective and that no tax could be
levied on them. Mr. Roeth wanted the
Supervisors to go and view the property,
to that they could form personal opinions.
None .i the other members seemed to
consider this necessary, and Mr. Roeth
could eel no second to his motion. Chair
man Mitchell said that ac no member
would make a motion either to reduce or
sustain the assessment it would go before
the committee of the whole. Roetb said
that he would not go into committee,
as he did not think it necessary, and the
matter was passed.
In previous years the railroad assess
ments have occupied the time of the board
for several weeks, and ambitious poli
ticians have taken advantage of the inci
dent to make cheap political records. This
year there is an evident desire on the
part of the board to prevent such small
methods, and applications are being dealt
with very expeditiously.
When the railroad's tax agent asked
for reductions on the ferry boats assess
ments they were denied.
Applications for reductions on the Oak
land Railroad Company's franchise, the
Berkeley local, the sidetracks at Niles,
Irvingto'n and Newark and the Seventh-
Btreet local franchise were denied by the
vote of Mitchell. Roeth and Wells. Church
and Talcott voted to reduce.
The nth-street local and the Berke
ley local are assessed for $735,000 and
,000. They have never been oh the coun
ty assesment roll before, and Supervisor
Mitchell changed his vote this year, stat
ing that he aid so to give the railroad
company a chance to take the matter into
the courts.
Mr. Mitchell in explaining his change of
vote said: ■ , , ....
••The question before us is . simply this:
Are the pieces of steam railroad known
es the Seventh-street local and the Berke
ley ranch to be assessed by the State
Board of Equalization as is other road
way of the railroads in this county, or are j
they to be assessed by the County Assess
or?" If they are parts of a railroad oper
ated in more than one county in the State,
the constitution says they shall be as
tepsed by the State Board of Equalization
and not by the County Assessor. The Dis- j
trii~t Attorney las year advised and still
adises that the facts show these pieces of
railroad are parts of a railroad operated
In more than one county in the State, and
h^nce have no place on the county assess
ment rolls, and that it is our duty to re
move them.
"Now, 1 followed this advice last year
because I believed that under the consti
tution the State Board alone had the right
to assess this property. I still think bo.
There are a great ma people, however,
in this community who erroneously think
that the Seventh-street local and the
Berkeley branch escaped assessment last
year because we voted to remove them
from the county assessment rolls. This is
a mistake. The State Board of Equaliza
tion assessed them and the county re
ceived Its share of the tax. It is a fact,
however, that if these pieces of railroad |
could be assessed by the County Assessor
we would get a larger revenue. The con
stitutional provision has never been passed
upon by the courts and some people think I
it might be decided that the County As- j
sessor is the one to make the assessment j
and that this property ought to be left on ■
the roll so that a test might be made. I '
am not a lawyer and I am willing that
the courts should pass upon this question ■
and settle it once for all. For that reason
only I vote to sustain the assessment. I
still believe the County Assessor has no
right under the constitution to assess this
property, and I predict the courts will s.i
decide. I wish to say further that in case
this matter is taken Into the courts and
is not decided by next year, and this prop
erty again appear^ upon the assessment i
roll I shall vote to remove it." i
BIG ESTATE OF A
SUCCESSFUL FARMER
GEO. PATTERSON'S PROPERTY
WORTH NEARLY A MILLION.
Proved His Theory That Farming
Will Produce a Fortune if
Properly Attended To.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. July 15.
The appraisement of the estate of the
late George W. Patterson was filed this i
afternoon. It is one of the largest es
tates ever offered for probate in Alameda
County. The appraisers value it at $642,- i
889, but Mrs. Clara H. Patterson, the ad- :
rnlnßtratrlx, reported to the court to-day I
that she. already has. in her possession '.
1708,527 worth of property for which she
holds herself responsible. This amount is
represented by $509,372 worth of realty. |
1*8,876 personal property and $81,279 cash.
The property is distributed all over !
Washington Township, and consists of
Jteveral thousand acres of the best ranch
property in the county
George V> '\ Patterson died a year' ago.
ne wae a pioneer farmer of Washington I
™ fhls» a i. ld his vast for- i
?hv r °V g , h rl , r)Se a "ontlon to business
m^thrft. following the most approved
™, °P ,"7" al /armlmr was one of the
S l We JJ J f occupations if properly
fdea" H wn" d hls r , ocord bears out his
We men in ?hi- one of the most hosolta-
THE BRIDGE MATTER.
Another Special Meeting of the
Board of Trustees to Be Held
This Evening.
ALAMEDA, July 15-Anni^' i,
meeting of the CitY KStSKS ffSS
this evening to '™* Om « action with re
gard to the use of the Alice street brides
for team and pedestrian traffic while the
Webster street structure Is being rebuilt
The burden of the cost of converting the
bridge from a railroad to a wason struc
ture must fall upon Alameda, unless sor^e
Wean be found to persuade OakllnH?
the Supervisors to stand part of the coat
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
On the Oakland side all that is necessary
is a little grading, which can be done at
nnminal cost. On the Alameda side, how
ever, a tnstle must be built across part
of the marsh from the present Webster
street grade to the railroad bed at Alice
street bridge. As the maintenance of
communication Is largely for the benefit
of Oakland in much greater proportion
than for Alameda, the people or this city
think that at least an equal division of
the cost should be made. It is thought,
too, that the Supervisors have no right
to shut up one bridge without providing
another.
However, as both Councils are to meet
this evening and are to report to the Su
pervisors on Monday, It is expected that
some way out of the trouble will be
found which will be mutually satisfac
tory.
DEEDED BY MISi'AKE.
The Realty Syndicate Returns J. S.
Emery His Rightful Land
Interest.
OAKLAND. July 15.— The Realty Syndi
cate to-day released the old Emery es
tate, valued at $600,000, to J. S. and Amelia
M. Emery. The realty includes the Watts
tract, a large tract on San Pablo avenue
near Park avenue, block No. 9 on Park
avenue, a large tract at Park avenue and
Taven street, block No. 14 bounded by
Yerba Buena avenue and Hollis street,
another block directly opposite on Hollls
street, a portion of block No. 23 in th«
same section, and a tract bordering along
the right of way of the Northern Railway
Company. Besides these, there are fifteen
other tracts of similar size situated la
the same section of country.
The Realty Syndicate purchased th«
property from Mr. Emery In March or
last year subject to a heavy indebtedness
secured by a trust deed to Henry C.
Campbell and Thaddeus B. Kent. On
April U of this year the company satisfied
the claim and the parties named recon
veyed the property to the Realty Syndi
cate, instead of Mr. Emery. This w"as a
mistake as the syndicate should only have
had their interest and Mr. Emery his
The quitclaim deed filed to-day gives Mr.
i Emery his rights.
COACHMAN ENDS HIS
LIFE IN A STABLE
O. ROBERTSON IS FOUND DEAD
ON THE MEEK RANCH.
Was Hanging From a Baiter— No
Reason Can Be Given for His
Desire to Suicide.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. July 15.
O. Robertson, . coachman for Harry
Meek at San Lorenzo, committed suicide
last night by hang-ins himself In the har
ness room on the Meek ranch.
Last evening the Chinese cook passed
the stable and saw a buggy standing on
the wash rack. This morning he noticed
i that the buggy was still in the same posi
tion and had not been washed, and he
looked around for the coachman. He
! opened the door and saw Robertson
I hanging from a large hook in the wall.
! The coachman was dead, and after bring
| ing a few other employes to the stable
the Chinaman cut the body down and it
w:is taken to the branch morgue.
Robertson Is a perfect stranger to every
1 one on the ranch. He was engaged about
six v.tcks ago through the agency of an
employment office, lie said he recently
came ; om the East and told some of the
! men that he was quite satisfied with his
j position. He did not drink and sceme-1 to
;be in good spirits last night. No cause
! can be given for his suicide, except th.a
i at times he had acted in an absent-mhid
ed r.anrer.
Deceased was a native of Sweden and
! wa3 about 42 years -of age. So tar as can
be i earn eel he was unmarried.
Woodward With a Deciding Vote.
OAKLAND, July 15.— result of the
proposed ordinance reducing the liquor
license from -$100 to $50 per quarter- is not
assured 'by v the~'eonlmittee's'- favorable
recommendation. The men counted on to
favor the measure are Councilmen Henne
berry, Karl, "Watkinson. Brosnahan and
Heitman. Councilmen Upton, Rowe, Cu
velller, Glrard and Pringle are counted on
to oppose the measure. This leaves
Councilman Woodward with the deciding
vote. When asked to-day he replied that
he was open to argument, but thought
it best to let good enough alone. He felt
that his attempt to reduce the license
would act as a boomerang upon the sa
loon men.
Cigarettes More Fatal Than Whisky.
OAKLAND, July 15.— "1 believe that
cigarettes are killing more men to-day
than whisky," was the astonishing re
mark made by Councilman Henneberry
last, evening when his ordinance- to pro
hibit the sale or giving away of cigar
ettes to minors or the smoking of the
same by minors in the streets or other
public places was being considered by the
Ordinance and Judiciary Committee.
"They are responsible for the reject
of so many of our boys," he continued,
"who apply for admission to the army.
I believe that it is an evil that should
be suppressed." The rest of the commit
tee agreed with him and the ordinance
was recommended for passage. ■
Alameda Will Pay Her Share.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Board of Su
pervisors were notified to-night that the
city of Alameda would pay the necessary
expenses of approaches to the Alice
street bridge provided the board would
make it passable during the construction
of the new Webster-street bridge. A con- I
ference was held this morning at which
there were present Trustees Shulte and
Brick and City Clerk Lamborn of Alame
da; President Heitman and Councilman
Cuvelller of Oakland; James P. Taylor,
Frank K. Mott and Edson F. Adams of
the Board of Trade, and George W. Arper
of the Merchants' Exchange.
J. C. Martin's Estate Appraised.
OAKLAND. July 15.— estate of the
late J. C. Martin has been appraised at :
$10*5.516 77. The larger portion of this con
sists of Improved ana unimproved real
estate. There is a $5000 life Insurance
policy and $18,066 77 in the bank. The \
home property on Prospect avenue was
valued at $16,000. The business block at
Thirteenth and Washington streets was
listed for $50,000.
May Go to Mills College.
OAKLAND, July 15.— J. J. Hurt does !
not believe that his children should be
left at the Chabot Home and to-day took
steps to secure their removal. After a i
conference with Interested parties all j
agreed to recommend to the Superior
Court that they be taken to Mills College
and left in the custody of Mrs. C. T. '
Mills, with permission for their mother to
visit them. .«* ■
Would Limit the Number of Saloons.
OAKLAND, July 15.— Councilman Hen- i
neberry'B ordinance, reducing the liquor !
license to $50 per quarter from $100, -was j
recommended for passage to the City I
Council by its Ordinance and Judiciary i
Committee last evening.
Councilman Earl secured the adoption j
of an amendment prohibiting the licensing :
of more than 215 saloons in this city at i
any one time.
Kinard Pleads Not Guilty.
. OAKLAND, July 15.— E. Kinard, j
charged with embezzlement, waived the '
reading of the complaint in the Police !
Court to-day and pleaded not guilty. Re ,•
asktfd to be tried by the court at an early j
day and was accommodated by having i
July 20 set for his trial.
« m m
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, July 15.— The funeral of the i
late T. J. Birch, for years connected with i
the H. 8. Crocker Company of San Fran-
Cisco, took place this morning from his
lato residence on Broadway in this city
The remains were Interred at Laurel Hill
San Francisco.
Dr. C. W. Bronson of this city was ar
rested by Oakland officers for not report
ing a case of diphtheria at the Salva
tion Army camp at Trestle Glen. He ex
plained that he did not know that the '
Glen was within the Oakland city limits
and was accordingly dismissed.
Miss Lulu Clement of this city sailed
for Honolulu to-day on the brig Lurline
The vessel will be met at sea before it
arrives at its destination by Edward
Poole. who will be accompanied by a
rlergyman, and will be married to tha
young lady at once. Tt is expected to be I
quite a romantic affair
Dan O'Connell clears up a Sausa
lito mystery, in next Sunday's Call.
TIIE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 1(5, 1898.
METCALF AND
HILBORN BUSY
The Congressman Makes
a Distant Fight.
HIS OPPONENT ON A TOUR
CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEE IS
CALLED TOGETHER.
Keen Contest Developing for the
Seat in the County Committee
Vacated by Tom.
Robinson.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, July 15.
The Third District Congressional Com
mittee will meet In this city a week from
next Monday, which Is two days after the
mettlng of the State Central Committee.
As Oakland has two candidates for Con
gressman from this district the details of
the primaries are naturally of great lo
cal interest, and neither Mr. Metcalf nor
Mr. Hilborn feels that he can do any
more than very general work until the
method and date of the primaries are
fixed. They can then go ahead, arrange
their ticket for the seven counties in the
district and prepare for the linal struggle
at the polls.
It is very probable that the committee
will decide to hold the primary at the
same time that delegates are elected to
the Republican State Convention. In
such event they would have separate offi
cers and separate ballot boxes, but the
polling booths would bo the same, and
by following such a method it Is believed
a large vote will be polled and a fair ex
pression of the district obtained. Mr. Hil
born, who is in Washington, is not ex
pected here for Borne time, but his
friends, headed by W. H. Friend, who
will succeed to the Oakland postmaster
ship in two weeks, are busy distributing
copies of his record in Congress, claim
ing that this is the best foundation on
which to base a claim for renewal of
support.
v ictqr H. Metcalf, Mr. Hilborn's oppo
nent, is now making a tour of the dis
trict in the interest of his candidacy for
the nomination. He is putting much per
sonal effort into the campaign, and, like
Mr. Hilborn's friends, is very confident.
The County Committee will not meet
until the State Committee has decided on
the details of time, place and apportion
ment of delegates of the State conven
tion. At the present time the choice of
the County Committee Is supposed to be
about equally divided between W. R. Da
vis and Dr. Pardee. T. M. Robinson, from
the Fifth Ward, has announced himself
as a candidate for Tax Collector, and in
accordance with a resolution adopted at
the county convention four years ago, h^
must resign from the committee. He says
he intends to do this as soon as it meets.
This will lt-ave twelve members in the
County Committee, and naturally, as they
are evenly divided, the new man will have
the deciding vote.
As there Is much to be done in arrang
ing for the primaries, a majority of tho
County Committee can materially assist
or hinder the chances of either guberna
torial candidate, and hence the struggle
for the seventh vote, will be very bitter.
The candidates at present are ex-Super
visor Johnston, who is a Davis man. and
Clarence Crowell. who is a Pardee man.
It is probable that neither of these wi.ll
be appointed by the balance of the com
mittee.
OXFORDS TRIBUTE.
The English University Compliments
the State University at Berkeley.
BERKELEY. July 15.— Oxford Univer
sity has already shown publicly its appre
ciation of the significance of the far
reaching architectural plans which are
being made for the enlargement of the
University of California. This feeling
1 was manifested at the commemorative
exercises of the great English university
held on the 22d of last month. The public
i orator. Dr. W. M. Merry, rector of Lin
coln College, in his Latin address, made
a very complimentary reference to the l\i
ture which lay before the institution at
Berkeley. He foresaw tho great results
of the full development of these plans,
which, he said, would require a long time,
: but were sure of success If designed upon
a consistent system. He especially ad
mired the direction to the architects "to
spare no expense" In adopting the plans
to the unique marine site.
President Martin J. Kellogg says he
feels the Incident is especially notewor
thy as an additional token of the kindly
i feeling of English scholars. He thinks
it all the more gratifying as Dr. Merry's
words- were heartily applauded by the
learned commemoration audience.
A Frenchman's Valuable Gift.
BERKELEY, July IS.— The library of
' the University of California has Just re
', reived a remarkable present from the
• Due de Loubat, a distinguished French
: antiquarian. It is a book most uniquely
bound, bearing the inscription, "11
Manoscritte Messicano Borgiano," bring
a facsimile of the celebrated Borgian
: manuscript in the library of the Vatican.
; The original, together with other remains
; of Aztec civilization, was taken to Italy
In 1805 by Camillo Borgiano, a church
dignitary. The reproduction was under
taken at the Due de Loubat's expense,
the work being executed by a publishing
house in Rome. The Due do Loubat be
came interested in the University of Cali
fornia during a recent visit here, and this
is not the first of the favors he has ac
corded it. He is the author of "A Medal
lie History of the United States," and re
cently donated $1,100,000 to the library of
the Columbia University in New York
City.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, July 15.— Miss Lottie E.
Wright and Robert E. Haas were mar
ried yesterday afternoon by the Rev. Ly
man Hood at me residence of Mrs. Mar
chebout, 2224 Chapel street. The bride
was a resident of Washington, D. C, and
has been spending the year In California.
Mr. and Mrs. Haas will soon take, up their
residence In Fruitvale.
David Beatty of North Berkeley and C.
J. Pederlck have purchased the building
on the corner of Fourth street and Uni
versity avenue, formerly owned by the
Van Laak Manufacturing Company. They
intend to start a factory for the manu
facture of chemicals, to be known by the
name of the Western Chemical Works.
Will Murphy, commonly known as I
"Spud." a familiar character upon the i
university football field during the prac
tice season, was arrested yesterday after
noon by Phil Sheridan and taken to the
County Jail. He will appear before Judge
Clift next Wednesday upon a charge of
throwing stones and using abusive lan- i
guage.
Miss Wilmatte Porter, a student In the !
summer school of the University of Cali
fornia, has been elected to a position in
the new Normal School at Las Vegas,
N. Mex. She will be instructor in pWysi
ology, botany and zoology.
The Knights of Honor held an election
of officers last Wednesday evening In Odd <
Fellows' Hall. The Installation will take I
place next Wednesday.
. ■» . ,
They Are Unpledged.
ALAMEDA, July 15.— The statement I
that the Young Men's Republican Club of I
this city is pledged to support Pardee for '
Governor has been emphatically denied
by several members of the club. "We
have not pledge., ourselves to support
any one for any office just yet,' said one
of the club's officers to-day, "and it is
not right to circulate such reports when
the parties doing so do not know what
they are talking 1 about. We are un
pledged and will work only for the best
interests, of the Republican party."
. ■» . _
Andy Clunie's Libel Suit.
The hearing of the libel suit preferred
by Andy cinnia. insurance Cammisslouer.
against J. G. Edwards and Edwin M. Ba
con of the Coast Review, a monthly pub
lication, took place yesterday afternoon
beforo Judge Conlan. The article com
pained of appeared in the June issue of
the paper, and characterized Clunie as a
"smooth article." After hearing the evi
dence for the prosecution, and no defense
being offered, the Judge reserved his de
cision till to-day.
YOUNG OSBORN NOT ROBBED.
Attorney Pistolesi Vents His Opinion
of Secretary Frank J. Kane.
Frank J. Kane, secretary of the Pacific
Society for the Suppression of Vice, is
handled without gloves by Attorney L. C.
Pistolesi. who charges him with making
an untrue statement when he said that
Frank Osborn was being defrauded out
of three estates by George and John Engel
and Mary A. Druschel.
The attorney, in behalf of the Engels,
who are well and favorably known in the
community, makes the following state
ment:
Frank Osborne la 21 years of age, and since
his birth has been clothed and provided for by
the Kngels without compensation. Osborn' s
grandfather, Henry J. T. Engel, died in 1892,
and left a small estate which he devised by
will to his wife and children. Osborn was not
mentioned In the will. In 1893 his uncle, J. T.
Engel, died, leaving a will in which he left
Osborn a quarter Interest, appraised at $75, in
a email cottage on Haven street. This estate
was duly distributed and Osborn was given his
share. Early this year his grandmother died
intestate, leaving surviving her three children,
one of whom was appointed administrator of
her estate. As a question of law is Involved,
however, the estate comes before the court
on the 20th of July, not having as yet been dis
tributed, Mr. Kane's sworn statement to the
contrary, notwithstanding. When Mr. Kane
desired the court to save him the expenditure
of lliing a petition, he swore that Osborn was
a pauper and had no estate or means. Kane
was ty the court forced to withdraw his peti
tion. Again, when the matter came up* in
Judge Hunt's court on a new petition filed by
Kane a sworn statement was filed that a cita
tion had been duly served on Frank Osborn.
This statement was proved to be false, and
after investigation by the court the citation
was dismissed.
The&e are but a few instances of the good
faith of Mr. Kane, who. while posing as a de
fcnoer of one whom none seek to injure, does
not hesitate to traduce an honorable family.
FAMOUS STARS
FOR THE TIVOLI
A LIST OF CELEBRATED GRAND
OPERA SINGERS.
The Season Which Will Open Next
Month Will Be a Note
worthy One.
"Doc" Ij«ahy, manager of the Tivoll
Opera Company, returned from the East
last night after an absence of several
weeks. The trip has been anything but
one of leisure, judging from the amount
of business transacted, for the doctor has
secured a number of stars for the grand
opera Efason, which will be-fin on August
1; and the labors attendant upon collect
ing them in a constellation have reduced
the Tivoli's manager ten pounds or more.
The present aggregation of operatic
singers is by far the most noted that the
Tivoli has ever brought together. Marie |
Brandis, formerly with the Damrosch !
Opera Company, will be the leading prima !
■ donna. Anne Lichter, at one time prima |
; donna of the Tavary Company, is another
jof the stars. Mary Linck, a contralto oi
! rare ability, forms the third of a trio as
strong as are seen in the biggest opera
companies of this country. An attempt has
■ been made to secure the services of Ber
| nice Holmes and it is very probable that
she will again grace the Tivoli boards.
The male singers are of equal reputa- !
tion, some of thi-m occupying a lofty rung
i on the ladder of operatic fame. Signor
Edgardo Zerni will head the list of tenors.
He Is an Italian, lately arrived from Italj
' but sings with facility in English, French I
| and German. Ernest Brazil Is another i
! tenor whom the TlviOi Management has ;
engaged for the coming season. Critics
place this young man in the class of the ;
De Rezskes. Maurice De Vries, the bari- !
tone, is well known to the San Francisco ]
public and does not need an introduction.
The other baritones will be William ;
Pruett, the much-sought-after singer, who
; has a reputation which places him among *
j the foremost operatic stars of the day ,
j The bassos will be Signor Wan roll and
| William Schusslcr, both of whom have !
won their laurels in the very best com-!
panics before the public.
The season will begin with a presenta- '
tion of "Aida," followed by "Queen of j
j Sheba," "La Boheme," "Carmen," I
"Faust," "RigolettO," "Huguenots" "rial
Juive," "La wavarraise," "William Tell " I
"Manon Lescaut," "Lohengrin." "Gio
conda," "Mignon," "Romeo and Juliet "
; and Boito's "Meflstofele."
DRUGGED BEER LOST
PRIVATE PILE'S PILE
DID NOT REMEMBER HIS WATER
FRONT EXPERIENCE.
In View of His Previous Good Repu
tation Judge Mogan Gives
Him His Liberty.
Oscar C. Pile of Company A, Sixth Cal
ifornia Regiment, was up before Judgo
Mogan yesterday on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. He was repre
sented by Attorney Barrett.
Pile ran amuck on the water front
Tuesday night and fired a shot at Police
men P.ailey and Dower in the yard of the
saloon 231 Kant street. He had a revol
ver in each hand and after he> entered
the saloon by the rear door and while
the policemeivand the bartender, Charles
J. Anderson, were attempting to take
the weapons from him one was accident
ally dischnrged and the bullet went
through Anderson's hand.
In his defense Pile said he came to the
city Tuesday to buy a revolver. He I
bought one at Shreve's gun store, and |
later another from a friend on Folsom
street. He had a valise with him and in
the evening he was in a saloon on Sac
ramento street, when he met a man who
showed him a Grand Army badge. They
had a glass of beer together and then ho :
asked the Grand Army man to drink with
him again. After that he remembered
nothing more till he found himself in the
City Prison. He felt sure the second glass ;
of beer was drugged, as his purse \
was emptied of its contents and his valise
was Stolen.
Major Grant of the Sixth Regiment tes- ;
tl!!< <1 that he had known Pile since he
was a boy. Pile and his brother owned a ■
big ranch on Roberts Island near Stock- ,
ton, and the major gave Pile a splendid
character for peace and quiet, which was |
supplemented by Captain Dksher of
Company A. Sheriff Cunningham of I
Stockton also sent a U-logram to the i
Judge speaking highly of Pile's character. I
As it was proved by Anderson, the bar
keeper, that Pile was accompanied by
another man whtn he. entered the saloon
from the rear and it was arguod that the i
other man might have llred the shot at
the policemen the Jinlge, In view of that
fact and Pile's previous good character, j
gave him the benefit of the doubt and i
dismissed the case.
All About Bicycle Riding and '
Training, by Champion "Jimmy" j
Michael, in next Sunday's Call.
Young Griffo in Jail.
Younp QrlffO, the pupilist, was sent to
the County Jail by Judge Conlan yester
day for thirty flays on a charge of
vagrancy. For some months he has made
himself a nuisance in the neighborhood of
Mason and Turk streets.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Thafio- /?
limilt /"Iff //<&* „ —ft 08
CHILD KILLS
A BIG RATTLER
Adventure in a Camp at
Niles Canyon.
GRACE JORDAN IS PLUCKY
FOUGHT THE REPTILE TO A FIN-
ISH WITH A CLUB.
Brought the Battles Back to Camp
as Proof of Her Narrow
Escape From the
Fangs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, July 15.
Grace Jordan, the 15-year-old daughter
of County Clerk Jordan, had a fierce
struggle this afternoon with a large rattle
i Bnake in Niles Canyon and succeeded in
| killing the reptile. The Jordans are camp
i ing at Stonybrook, near Nlles, and this
afternoon Grace, who has inclinations
similar to those of Diana and Nimrod,
went off on a hunting expedition.
The young lady has a record for using
the rifle and also is quite an authority on
fly fishing. When about half a mile from
their camp she heard a noise in the brush
and at once went to investigate.
To her surprise she found a large rattle
snake, which reared its vicious tiet»d $y-.d
hissed at her. The encouragement to
fight the animal overcame any fears she
might have had and Miss Jordan grasped
a stick and started to beat the viper. For
a few mfnut'.s the battle was lively, for
she was able to hit the rattler In almost
eveiy part of its body but a vital part.
Several times tho poisonous fangs were
Within a few inches •£ her flesh, but she
succeeded in beating Jk off and finally
! gave it a blow on the head which stun»ed
I it. after which it was speedily killed.
The young lady brought the tail of the
■ animal, containing ten large rattles, into
I camp as proof of her adventure. This is
i the largest rattler seen in the canyon foi
several years, and in the locality W'het-e
the Jordans are camping it was thought
that the reptiles had become extinct-
ARE PREPARING FOR
THE NEXT CAMPAIGN
REPUBLICAN COUNTY COMMIT
TEE ORGANIZING ITS MEN.
Representatives Appointed to Facili
tate the Naturalization and
Registration of Voters.
The members of the Republican County
Committee are preparing against the day
when they -will be in the heat of the
forthcoming campaign, in which both lo
cal and State officers "will be elected. The
regular meeting of the committee was
held on Thursday and but few delegates
were noted absent by Secretary P. H.
Prondergast.
The small registration up to the pres
ent time is causing the leaders of the
party much anxiety and strong efforts
will be put forth to stir up the citizens
to a sense of their duty in the premises.
The total registration at present does not
exceed ten thousand names. At a corre
sponding period in the last campaign it
totaled some, thirty thousand voters. As
the registration closes on the 15th of Au
gust the time is short in which to make
up this wide discrepancy.
In order to facilitate the naturnlization
and registration of persons in sympathy
with the Republican party T. D. Riordan,
who presided in the absence of Chairman
Chariea W. Manwarlng, appointed the
following committee: J. F. Ahearn, chair
mnn: Felix Dugan, P. J. Walsh, P. H.
Prendergast and P. E. McCarthy.
Upon motion of Harry X. Gray it was
determined to open campaign headquar
ters at once in some central location.
The matter was placed in the hands of
the officers, who will select an abiding
place for the committee immediately.
It was announced that names of men
wlix> will act in the booths on election day
must be submitted not later than next
Wednesday, to the end that they may be
submitted to the Board of Election Com
missioners. The list sent in by the coun
ty committee will be accepted without
question by the commissioners. A motion
by L. E. Savage that the county commit
tee be especially represented before the
election commissioners drew forth the
only discussion of the evening. It was
strongly opposed by Jesse Marks and
others on the ground that the Republican
party was well represented. On his
showing the motion was withdrawn. The
reorganized Republican County Committee
for the forthcoming campaign follows:
J. F. Ahearn, Grove P. Ayers, G. Bacigalupl,
W. O. Hanks, ('. A. Berliner, C. F. Brelden-
Btein, J. N. Browning, T. F. Bryant, B. M.
Buckley. J. M. Chretien, C. H. Clear, C. O.
Clinch, William B. Cluflt, James H. Daly, John
J. DaUghn6y, Alnnzo Davidson, Felix Dugan.
Fred Eggers, James Fallon, M. J. Flynn, Mar
tin F. Fragley, James Gntely, John J. Olynn,
Harry N. Gray, P. J. Hasan, Samuel Hamil
ton, John A. Hoey, Al Houston, William T.
Howe, Henry Jacob, George Keefo. P. H. Ker
rigan, 3. Ij. Koster. P. 11. Kraiis'grlll, Charles
11. I.aumelster, J. 11. Lennon, Jacob Levl Jr.
Henry Lewis, A. A. Louderback, James Mc-
Cabe, I. E. McCarthy. William MclliiKh.
James McNair, Charles W. Manwarlng, Jesse
K. Marks. Charles 11. Mayer, John Muller, P.
H. Prendergast, A. Reuf, T. D. Rlordan,
William C. Raiseh, Lincoln E. Ravage, R.
Pchlueter, Thomas Sheehan, David Short,
James Simpson, M. A. Smith, M. H. Smith,
Robert Stafford, 3. C. Stephenson, J. F. Sulli
van. I. H. Thompson, George H. Walker, F.
E. Wallace. P. J. Walsh, James Alva Watt.
William Wilkinson.
The Climate of Cuba.
■ Because of frequent rains in Cuba malarial
fevers are a common nllment there, just as
they are in many sections of the United
States. Ailments »»f this kind, no matter in
what part of the globe they occur, are quickly
cure*! with Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. lie
sides being; a specific for malarial troubles,
these Bitters , also make pure blood, strong
nerves and muscles, and firm, healthy flesh.
They have no equal for dyspepsia and con
stipation. ■,:•■.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Compagnle Generate Transatlantic
, French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North -r-nrm
I River, ; foot of Morton St.. Travelers «vTJKjL>
by this line avoid both transit by >3 ***'»
i English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a email boat. New York to
i Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $160;
I second elGss, ?116.
I LA BRETAGNE ..' July 23, 10 a. m
LA GASCOGNE..... July 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE .Aug. 6, 10 a. m
LA NORMANDIE Aug. 13, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Aug. 20, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE ' TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New Tork.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. • ■
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAIMBURO.
F. Bismarck July 28 F. Bismarck.. August 25
A. Victoria. ..August 11 A. Victoria Sept 8
' TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Pretoria. ..July 9|Phoenicla July 30
1 Patrla ...July 16 Pennsylvania... Aug. 6
. Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway N T
: HERZOO & CO., General Agents I'aciflo Coast."
401 California st., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
fWS!IBES!!§#' he S. S. MARIPOSA
Jlllls vln Honolulu and
I" Sh B Auckland for Sydney
a _^ —^^ Wednesday, August 10.
r»«?JiniSllID ( -' Llne to COOLGAR-
•^il^hii DIE - Australia, and
(Oulß3lZth CAPE TOWN. South
V^Hlf-MIW| Africa. ::• • : .
J. P. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
. i..- ; f5- ;-:■ 114 Montgomery st.
| Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
■ ■ ■...-.
•At ir* tiott &fi!£ft
WITHOUT RESERVE!
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD,
AUCTIONEER. 602 MARKET ST.,
WILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION
By order of the Trustees of the Library Asso-
ciation of the Independent Order of Odd Fel-
lows, at the association rooms, I. -O. O. F.
building, corner Market and Seventh streets,
San Francisco, on
MONDAY July 18, 189S,
At S o'clock p. m.
And following evenings at same hour until the
entire library Is disposed of.
The remainder of the library, consisting of
about 10,000 volumes of standard literature,
comprising histories, biographies, travels, nat-
ural history, botanical, religious and educa-
tional works, naval and military treatises, the
entire series of San Francisco directories, ISSO-
1597, novels, etc.
Also the fittings and furniture of the library,
etc.
Terms and conditions at sale.
The books can be viewed and catalogues ob-
tained at the library, at the office of the auc-
tioneer and from JOHN W. ATKINSON,
238 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
AND TUMORS. Sure Cure!
No Knife or Pain! No Pay Until Curedl
75-page book sent free. S. R. Chajcliy. M. D,
17 THIRD ST.. Near Market St.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CAftCEIt
Dispensary,
025 KEARJTT ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>2o KEABNT ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
DIsPiiSPS, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on mind and
Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswheu
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Careacnaranlrrd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. 1\ *»Jtl£lJO>, Box 1957, San Francisco.
OCEA2T XBAVJBL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ln^ Steamers leave Broadway
y^>»f^ wharf, San Francisco.
: VSSjffiSfev. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 ! ra^tSv"^ July 6, 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, August
'■ Esk. BfiSVs?! 4. transfer at Seattle.
{M&*^3£3 jKV] For Alaskan ports (from
l*S£2>W«!g*sil Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
r"^|^M July 17, August 4, 25, transfer
at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.) 10 a.
m., July 6. 10, 15. 20. 25, 30. August 4. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ky., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at ancouver
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
July 1, 7. 13. 19. 25. 31, August 6, and every
For day thereafter. San Simeon,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Caj-ueos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., July 4, 8, 12. 16 20, 24, 28,
August 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a m July 2. 6, 10, 14, IS, 22. 26, 30, August 3,
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Hay, San Jo«« del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. July 19,
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
"TICKET OFFICE —4. New Montgomery
TICKET OFFIOE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel)-
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
BBSPATCH VAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Poloom-etreet Wharf at 10 a. m. ;
CADC $12 First Class Including BertH
I A Hi. £8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: "-
j Columbia July 2. 10. IS, 28
! State of California July 6, 14, 22, 30
i St. Paul *16 00 St. Louis *32 00
Kansas City '. 26 00 Chicago 27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
B. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
FOR 0. S. WAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." -
Mon., Tues, Wed.. Thurs. and Sat ,
9:45 4. m., 2:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Than.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:34 p. m.
Sunday* 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. en.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pitr X.
Ttlephon* Red 2241.
RAILEOAD TBAVEL.
KNICKERBOCKER
jf\ SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN—
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
New York.,
Boston,
Montreal,
Buffalo,
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati,
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
greatest system' of transportation In ■ tha
world— Vanderbilt Lines.
, STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, Wash-
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Spring!.
This train allows half day's stop in St. Louis
and goes Into the only depot In New York
City.
C. W. GREEN.
. Traveling Pass'r Agent.. Kansas City, Mo,
A. J. WHITEHEAD,
Traveling PassenpT Apent. Dallas. Tex.
■ WM, P. DEPPE.
' Aas't Gsn'l Passenger Agt., St. Louis, Mo.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST HAIL WAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Da> Pullman Palace Sleeping Car*
nd Pullman Tourist Sleeping Caps
Run on me Following Time t
JLeave Ban Francisco. 4:Bo p. m., S.M.T.W.T.F.B.
[Arrive . Denver 5:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Bsrvo Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFQPTAnLB
If Ycu Travel on the Santa Pc,
M FRANCISCO TICKET" OFFICE— Xl MARKET ST.
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1620.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 201 J Street.
San Jose O£oe "West Santa Claza 3L \
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
« Via Sausalite Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. 1891.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »8:00 !
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; »1:45, 3:20, 4:00,-. 6:15, »6.-00.
6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Monday*,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:10
p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:(» i
•10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. *1:45. •2:30, S:O0l
1:10, 6:45 p. m. -
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week — Cazadero and way sta'n*. '
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales and
way itatlons. s
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. !
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way ita'na. !
AUCTION SALE!
TUESDAY JULY 19,1898,
£& At 11 a. m.
By Order of THOS. BROWN. Esq.,
At Salesyard, Cor. Market St. & Van Ness Ay., S.F.
30— HEAD— 30
Of well-bred ROAD and CARRIAGE HORSES
SIRED BY
DEXTER PRINCE, JAMES MADISON,
CUPID, NEPHWOOD
And other STANDARD SIRES, and out of
STANDARD and other well-bred mares.
Catalogue now ready. Horses at yard
July 15.
lE?" Sale Positive and Without Reserve.
KILLIP & CO., Live Stock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery St., S. F., Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC BTBTKM.)
Train* leave nntl arc «lit« (• arrive at
NAN I'IUNCINCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leavb — FIIOM July 10, 1898. — ABRIVB
•6:OOa Nlles, San Jose and Way Stations... •Si 43*.
7:OOa Benicia, Sulsnn and Sacramento.... 10:43 a.
7:OOa Maryarllle, OroTllleand Redding tU
Woodland 3j45p
7:00 a Elmira, Vacarille and Rumsey 8:43r
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Callutoga and BanU Kosa 6il3p
»:OO» Atlantic Kmifv.«, ()g<len and Kant.. S«*»p
NiitUA Man Jos*. .Stockton, Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, MarynTille,
Chlco, Tehama and Red 111ii1t.... 4:l»p
AiSOa Pet«rg, Oak dale and Jamestown.... 7iHp
•HjBoa Milton nilJp
tt:»»A New Orlenim K»preM. Merced, Kre»-
nc, linker.i. :.-,.!. .Santa lUrtiara,
IjM Anxoles, DeroiiiK. El i'aso,
New Orleans and Kaat 6i45p
1 0:00 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7x45p
•l:OOp Sacramento Jiiver StOMiiii-r» *»:«Op
San Jose, Nil us and Way Stations... J'J: I
SJ:OOp Livermore, -Mii.doUi, Hanford and
Visalia 4:1
....... Litermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
' Stations {10:13 a
4i«or Martinez, Han Kamon, Vallejo
Napa, Caliatoga, Xl Veratio and
Biinta Rosa B:13&
4:00p Benicia, VacaTllle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MaryaTiUe, Oro-
vllle and Sacnunento 10:45 a
4iBop Nlles. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7: 1 3
4iBOp Stockton and Lodl l«:15p
4t3Op Lathrcp, Modesto, Merced, Fresno,
Mojare, Santa Barbara and Los
Alli,'i-len 7148 A
4:30p Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
Yoßemiteland Fresno 12:15p
4:»Op Santa I'o Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and Kast 6:43p
Bioop Burope»n Mail, Ogdeti and Kast.... 9:45 \
•«:OOp Valiejo 12:1 3p
«:«Oi- Iliiywnnlii, Nile* and San Jose 7:43 a
}7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions }9t43p
SiOOp Oregon lCx|>ress,Bacrameuto, Marys-
»lile, IteililinK, Tortlaml, Pugek
i Hound .ami Kant Bil3a.
SAN LEA.MMiO AMI lIAIWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
'i MeTroM-, Srminarv Park, ( 7:13*.
8:00 a Kitchl.urg. Klmliuritt, 1»9:43*.
in«2t 8»n L«ndro. South sin S?!il A
<ll",ooi Le.ndro, F.tndillo, \ X^%
tl»:OOM " Lorenzo, ( herrj • (i:4.tp
ii:«Mif and t2:4.%p
StOOp II lTiUili. <5:43p
7:00p < Runs through to Niles. 7:43p
, ) t From Nlles I,
COAST DIVISION iXnrrow «ange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:43 a Santa Cruz Kxctirnion, Santa Cruz '
and Principal Way Stations JBi»3p
Bil3ANewar!c,Ccnterv!lle,S»n Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations BiSOp
•3:1 3p Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almsden, F"lton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and I*rincipal Way
Stations *10:30 a
4:13p San Joße, Olenwood Sl Way Stations 9:20\
q4:l3p Boulder Creek and .Santa Cruz j»:3i>a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rroaiSAH FRISCISCO— Fcot or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 tB:0O •6:00f.m.
rromOmißD— Foot »rßrosdw«T.— *6:oo 8:00 1000 a.m.
US:00 '1:03 t2:00 -3:00 tt:OO 'B:OBroi.
COAST DIVISION (Broad «auge).
(Third and Towngend Stg.)
•7:OOa San Jose anil Way Stations (New '
Alinaden Wednesdays only) l:3Op
27:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations |StS3p
9:00 a Sail Jose, Ties linos, Simta Cruz,
Pacific Grove. l'aso Rubles, Sail .
Luis Obispo. GuadAlune, Surf and
Principal Way . Stations . 4slor
lOi4Oa Ran .lose and Way .Stations "8:00 a
I1:3Oa Ban Ji.ee and Way Stations *Bi3r/A
•2i4Sr San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Kan .lose,
Gllrojr, Holllster, Santa Cruz,
Snlinas, Monterey and. l'aeiiio
Grove "10:30 a
•ili^Op Ran use and Way Stations "»:O«a
•4ilSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:115 a
3:3oi> San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations 3:»0p
«::tOi- San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
tll:4.">p San Joaeaml Way Stations. 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. } Sundays only, t Saturdays only
f Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUwrao F«nry. B—t «X AUrtet M.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DATS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35.
8:30. 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:H
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:38,
6:00, 6:20 p. m. I
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:48,
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
I ■ Between Ear. Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
1 June 29. •
Week I Sun- 189 S. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ) Destination, days. | Days.
7:30 ami . 1:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pin I 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pml 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pm 6:22 pro
J I Fulton. j
7:30 am j Windsor, 10:25 am
f Healdsburg,
Lytton,
I Geyserville.
8:30 pm 8:00 am; Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:23 pm
7:3ij ami " " Hop I and and 110:25 am
■ 3:30 pm;' 8:00 ami Ukiah. ) 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 ami j , . 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm ■.:•••
8:30 pm. ■' ' 6:22 pm
7:3u ami 8:00 ami Sonoma 10:40 am &:40 am
and
■ 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am j~ Sevastopol. 110:40 am 110:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| ] 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
aervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at liopl^nd for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Llerley's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullville, Booneville, Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chmnlcl- bid*.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, ils9S, trains win run as follows:
:. South-bound. North-bound.
Passcn- Mixed, Mixed, Passen-
ger, Sunday Sta- Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'pted tlona. Exc'pted Daily.
7:20 a m 9:00 a m Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 p m
9:10 a m 12:50 pmi Merced 12:50 p m 3:53 p m
10:40 a m 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
11:35 a m 6:45 p m Hanford I 7:45 a m 1:25 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rsfld I 2:30 a mll0:15 a m
12:05 pm| 7:50 pm Visalia ] 6:40 am 1 12:55 p m
■ Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 3
p. m. daily; at Merced with stages to and
From Snellings, Coultervllle, Yosemite, etc.;
also with stage from Hornitos. Marlpoda, etc ;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Mad era.
lIOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausaiitu Ferry. )
Leave Sen Francisco, commencing May L,
1898: - *■■■",;■
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— S:(V», 9:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:45 and
2:20 p. m. ".- > .
July '.th. I£9B. trains will run on Sunday tim%
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & ' SON. Agents, an Market
street, San Francisco.
1112
THREE EVENTS
TO FAVORITES
Beachwood, Star Per
former, Scores 2:15 1-4.
RACING ON OAKLAND TRACK
PALO ALTO'S THREE-YEAR-OL^
GRANDSON BEAT 2:20.
. .
To-Day"s Free-for-All Trot Expected
to Furnish a Series of Spec
tacular Finishes.
Notes.
|
The races at Oakland yesterday were
rather (am' 1 , but after a great event like j
the flrft Installment of the free-for-all
trot— Toppl.s' pr-:;it victory last Shurs- '■
day — thi- time swm«M slow— hoata In 2:l. rr ' 1 . 4 . •
Beachwood was the star performer of
the day In 2:ICV.- and L':l.V 4 in the 2:15 pace, j
with Rtx Alte easily winner of place I
money. Peanuts went a corking good
race and was not much outclassed after |
all. He made bad breaks, but showed i
heaps of ppee.l. The winner was at 1 to j
3, then after her first heat at 1 to 10.
The 2:3i> pace was apparently all over !
but the shouting, a.-< the talent picked |
Gaff Topsail at 3 to 5 to win It. Again :
the Held was ;!:•■ ln-st play and Polo '
(about us big as a St. Bernard dog) won
It In 2:2.*i^4, driven by Charlie Farrar. who
Is the best who has yet piloted the daugh- !
ter of Nutford— fast but unsteady. Mark
H finished with a rush and beat out Cap- •
tnin Hackett
I >r. Frasse again won his rare, this time j
beating 2:20. He is a rattling 3-year-old
an«l is entered in some good stakes at the
fall meetings. The Doctor made no mis
takes and finished like a racehorse. His
grandslre was that famous campaigner,
Palo Alto, 2:05%. so no wonder. Lady «;
went, a very good race and must have
beaten 2:25 each heat. Dr. Frasse was at
1 to ;; In the betting and sold at 10 to 3 I
in the auctions over the bunch. He
should reach 2:15 this season and is the
best of his age yet shown hereabouts.
President Knight's three-year-old Lyn
hood won the last rare In l':.^ very neat
ly over a g i field. Maud Murray had
speed and will win some day. Lynhood
was 1 to 3 In the bunks and 10 to 4 in The
auctions. Dan Mizner drove Lottie
(Park's) and sh< went a prarnl mile. She
Is by Cupid.
Illustrious and OampaigrnT had a "you
help-me-and-I'll-help-you" match, and Il
lustrious won it.
Rodriguez should have been called to '
task for undue use of the whip and it
detracts from the good opinion many
: of him as a train* r. A .
man : ■ I'd or bad
did Illustrious the opening heat. I,
it was Campaigner's "watch' the I
.f.ra:i.-! stand finish was wholly Lacking.
- is down on the cards as a j
: Happy Medium, sire of N
Hanks, so must be a pretty old horse, l
very honest and worthy of a more :
3ystem than the Rodriguez. Cam
ler is a three-year-old, by George
ington, and a fairly fa«t colt, too
hy to ever rear!, extren c speed es-
I ■• however. ,
To-day's free-for-all trot will doubtless
spectacular finishes fought
tooth . from word to wire. It Is
two In three Instead of dash, and all will
try ' i beal Toggles, Thursday's winner, •
ls it Is the windup of the meeting an
will be made to beat 2:10 over tho
track. Billy Fieldwick has spent much
tlmo cushioning it. and it is almost a cer
talnty the winner will touch the Si
rac< record of 2:09%.
Bunch has Ethel Downs (2:l< better
balanced uian in Thursday's race, and ,
looks to see heats in 2:09 to beat the
. iter of H"O. lie.
Ivan says quietly wncn asked: "I '. ■
eat the mile Toggles went if Mamie
Griffin goes away level and I am up at
... ■ ■ ; , .f?."
i 'lark, who drives Toggles, says as to
the great gelding's chances: "Well, The <
Call had him sighted about where he can i
f - - but then he mi^ht break and it
I result in a slower heat than I will
carry them, whether winning or losing."
Donathan says: "Zombro Is pood, and
In a heat race I stand more chance to
win. I will have two chances— three if
PRIDE OF NORTH POINT.
The Nellie C, a Slood Yacht Constructed hu Three
Lads at Spare Moments,
i The Nellie C, a sloop yacht, will be launched from the foot of Stockton
: Street, at North Reach, on Sunday, July 31. The Juvenile element, and for
■ that matter, adults as well, in the entire, neighborhood will rolebrate the
• launching In true style, because the constructors are mere hoys.
> Paul B. <1<- Martini, James Powell and James Cooper, the two former
1 ape<l 18 jreara and the latter 19, have been toiling away nt the Nellie C
since October 2fi of last year, on which day the keel was laid. The craft Is
about completed, and looks like a well-modeled boat, out of which the
■ three owners expect k"o<"'<i .speed.
The Nellie C is 33 feet over all. 11 feet 4 Inches beam. She Is 3 feet 6
inches In depth of hull, and will draw 2 feet 6 inches in water. Tho iron
shoe weigMta 1000 pounds. She is a center-board boat. 9-foot forward deck
with a 14-foot cabin; cockpit 7 feet 6 inches, and her after-deck is 3 feet 6
inches; 5 feet 6 inches overhansjing stern and 2 feet forward. She will
carry a sail of 21 feet 6 inches hoist, 32-foot boom, 12-foot paff.
The three Juvenile constructors are half-orphans, having mothers to sup
port, and they worked on the boat on Sundays, holidays and after business
hours— sometimes aa late as 10 o'clock of nights. They built a KkifT— the
Ocean Wave— a few years ago. and subsequently sold her for $30 which
went toward the purchase of lumber for the Nellie C, which will stand
them over SfiOO.
Miss Nellie Clark, residing on Howard street, near Third and the
■Weetheart of young Powell, will "break the bottle" at the christening
"We forewent every pleasure almost," said Do Martini, spokesman and
foreman of the trio, "In raising enough money to purchase the lumber for
our boat, and not a man even so much as drove a nail on her."
The craft would be a credit to older builders, and is to see her first
race, shortly after launching, with John Cassidy's yacht Irene, which has
thus far beaten everything in her class about North Beach.
The three boys are now putting the finishing touches to their craft on
a lot next to the D. H. Bibb Lumber Company's yard on Stockton street near
North Point.
split up— and if he is the real Zombro to
morrow—why, look at the board sharp
when the time goes up."
Maben Isn't confident as to Aster, and
thinks the fast l><xter Prlnc horse is
doing well to drive tho winner out In
2:10 "t- better, as he hasn't .sat behind him
since his arm was Injured. "Oh. he'll go
a couple of Teat heats, mark that, but
I've an Idea they are going to hurry right
back when Mr. Cohen lets them away."
Williams thinks Monterey not at hlm-
Belf and may not .start him. "If he isn't
good I'll merely delay the scoring and
spoil the afternoon's sport for many, and
if I can't trot a steady lot of miles I'll
not injure some one else's chances of vic
tory, for I can enjoy it from the grand
stand, I think." The summaries y
FIRST RACK.
Match race for $100, mile heats, two In three.
Illustrious, b. h. by Happy Medium
(Rodriguez) l 2 1
Campaigner, oh. p. by George Washing
ton iJ. L. Smith) 2 1 2
Time— 2:29*4—2:26^— 2 2;u
SECOND RACE.
2:15 class, pacing, mile heats, two in three.
Beachwood, b. m. by Kilkwood (John
Baker) 1 1
Hex Alto, b. g. by Alto Rex (James Sul
livan) 2 2
Peanuts, eh. ft. by Sidney (P. J. Wil
liams) 3 3
Delphi (C. AVhltehead) -I 4
Time, first heat— :38%. 1.07*;, 1:42%. 2:16%.
Second heat— :33%, 1:07}4. 1:41%, 2 15V
Betting: Book«. first beat— Beachwood 3 to
10, Rex Alto 2, Peanuts B, Delphi 7. Second
heat — Beachwood 1 to 10, Rex Alto 5, Peanuts
10. Delphi 15.
Auctions — Beachwood $10, field $5; after first
heat, Beachwood $10, field $2 50.
THIRD RACE.
2:30 class, non-winners, pacing;, mile dash.
Polo, b. m. by Nutford (C, Farrar) 1
Gaff Topsail, oh. h. by Diablo <J. L. Smith).. 2
Mark H. b. h. by Bernard (J. Gabriel) 3
Captain Hackett also started.
Time— :35'. a . 1:12%. 1:49, 2:25%.
Betting: Auctions— Field $5, Oalt Topsail $4.
Books— Polo 3 to 2, Gaff Topsail 3 to 5. Mark
II 3 to 2. Captain Hackett 3 to 2.
FOT'RTH RATE.
2:27 class, trotting, mile heats, two In three.
Dr. Frasse, blk. c. by Iran Alto (C. F.
Bunch) 1 1
Nellie Bly, b. m. by Starboul (C. A.
Owen) 2 2
Lady (i, by Silver Bow (J. Doran) 3 3
Winella (H. Hellman) 4 d
Time, first heat— :36, 1:10, 1:45V4. 2:20%.
Second beat— :3S, 1:09%, 1:43%. 2:18%.
Betting:: Books, first heat— Dr. Frasse 1 to 3.
Nellie lily 3 to 2, Lady G 3, Winella 6 to 2.
JUDGE SHELDON PRAISES CALIFORNIA
"The Red Cros? movement received its greatest single impetus from
California. Its generous spirited men. led only by that matchless ora
tor and splendid specimen of American manhood, Thomas Starr King,
made the movement contagious and memorable forever. In no country
has the humane instinct been more pronounced or intelligent than in the
American National Red Cross under the presidency of Miss Clara Barton.
Its work in times of peace has been in a high degree excellent and
satisfactory to the people of the United States, and nowhere in the
world has the organization shown more to be proud of than in the State
of California.
"The work of California in the present war has been such as gives
promise for the State, the country and for the soldiers, whether in the
hospitals or in the field or on the marc!;. It will be as it was in the
Civil War, an inspiration to the whole country."
Second heat— Pr. Fnipse 1 to 3, Nellie Bly 1.
■ i and Wl*ella 6.
Auctions— Dr. Frasse $5, field $4; after first
heat. I>r. Frasse $10, Held !3.
FIFTH RACE.
Thrpo-year-olds, trotting, one mile dash.
1, ): g by Lynmont (W H>c;obo.->m)... 1
Lottie b n by Cupid (D. Mizner) 2
Maud Murray, eh. : by Silver Bow (W. I'ur
fe.-i 3
• ralifornla also started.
i 52, 2:25%.
Betting: Auctions Linhood $10, field V. Books
- l.ir.h m ! 1 to 3, Lottie 2. Maud Murray 4,
California 4.
TO-PAT' S ENTRIES.
First race, match— Campaigner vs. Illustrious.
Second race, ?] ecial, trotting, one mile dash
•Iran Alto. Lynall. Myrtle Thome, Mabel Me-
Klnney, Mamie Rlley.
Third ra> c. 2:17 class, pacing, on" mile dash
—William Baker. Fttz Aymon, Bessie Kankin,
Hutrhor Hoy. Dtctatress, Peanuts, Kctchum.
Fourth race, free-for-all, trotting, mile heats,
twi ::> three— Toggles, Monterey, Ethel Downs,
Mamie Griffin, Zombro, Clay 6, Aster.
Fifth race, special, trotting, nnc mile dash—
firito. nur Lucky, Silver Ring, May B, Thomp-
Bon, M ijave.
Sixth race, special, <",n«> ml!r> d<"=h — WimMla.
•"anspui^ner, Melvar, Pilot .MeLellan.
Free Trade to Be Sold.
The schooner Free Trade will he sold
on the 24th to satisfy claims aggregating
about $500 against her. chiefly for wages.
All About Bicycle Riding and
Training, by Champion "Jimmy"
Michael, in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN" FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
PRAISE FROM
JUDGE SHELDON
Red Cross Society an
Honor to the State.
PROUD OF ITS GRAND WORK
EULOGIZES CALIFORNIA FOR ITS
SPLENDID CO-OPERATION.
News of the Red Cross Workers
Throughout the State — Work
ing Hard for a Hos
pital Ship.
Jurlgre Joseph Sheldon, national reprr
sentatlve of the Red Cross, recovered from
the fatixue of his long and wearisome
Journey across the continent and was busy
yesterday receiving friends and leading
members of the local and State society at
the residence of his relative, Mark Shel
don, at 1001 Golden Gate avenue.
He ls a kindly and distinguished looking
old gentleman, and his charm of manner
has already won him friends. On his ar
rival on Thursday he caught a glimpse j
of the splendid work neingr done by the
ladies at the ferry, and expressed himself
as pleased with their endeavors. When j
the plan of receiving the troops wrus ex
plained to him he said none could be ;
better.
Mrs. W. B. Harrington received a letter from :
a Portland (Or.) lady now In Wnphlntrton, D.
C, In which she states that General Sternberg
Is very much interested In the purposed char
tering i ■ a !, apttal ship, and will lend all the
assistance in his power with a \ :-*w to attain
ing that end. She bega Mrs. Harrington not
to abandon the project, a? there is a crying
■:■ such a hospital. Thf energetic presi
dent nf ihe Stan- board does not intend to
abandon the Idea, bC? Is working hard to at
tain the desired necessity. She- i.« receiving
letters and coin from all sources to be de
voted ti that end.
1 he ladles of the society received a beautiful
letter of thanks fr.«m the wire of the sick LTtah
volunteer who was sent to his home. The
writer blessed the good workers for their kind
ness to h^r husband.
Mrs. Wendell Easton, chairman of the
committee, hay lssu'-d a circular which
explains thoroughly the Red i'n>ss lecture
for nurses. No one will be admitted to
those lectures unless possesslnK a card signed
by Mrs. Harrington, Mrs. Merrill and Mrs
Wendell Easton.
The Society of Christian Work of the First
Unitarian Church sent boxes of cherries", apri
cots, plums, nectarines and bananas for the
men on the transports. Ah It was not certain
when the transports would sail the ladles of the
Red Cross used some of this fruit in enter
taining the New York regiment.
Myles Balrd, who will come into a fortune
of $600 a month when he becomes of age, en
listed In the Fourteenth Regiment. He Is one
of three brothers. The first has already gone
to the front, the second is gnlnK and a third
wants to go. The first money Myles Balrd baa
earned In hi? life was the pay advanced him as
a soldier. He gave It to his mother for the
Red Cross Society.
The following contributions were received at
the State Red Cross Thursday: Pasadena Red
Cross. $25; Santa Cruz, $32: Walnut Creek, $50;
Pescadero, initiation. $10; San I>!ei;o, $12 50.
Donations were received at the ferry from
Mrs. Judge Louderback of Alameda, Mrs. K.
B. Church and Mrs. .1. Cunningham.
Blankets or comfortables for the Incoming
recruits are badly needed. Many of the sol
diers have caught cold the first ni<?ht of their
arrival on account of the covering. The bo
ciety warts to provide them with these neces
saries until they are supplied by the Govern
ment.
Donations were received by the Pan Fran
elsco Red Cross from Mrs. Reinsteln, Mrs.
Coffin, Rmplre Milling Company (a large dona
tion), Dempster & Co., Mrs. Tryon, Mrs. Ot>o<l
hue, I'.ris Hirshfeld, Miss Crant. Ethel
Bhaen, Pearl Sham, Ifattle Rosener Mrs
Kixler.
Jeanette Klink. a little jrlrl, visited the local
headquarters an.] saw $2. whd-h she had earned
selling pincushions. Bessie Gardiner also con
trihnted Jl. earned by making cakes and *«ell
in:? th'»m.
F..IK -ivinß were the subscriptions received
Thursday: Oliver Mo,, re. Eldridge.Cal., $5; Mrs
! Pease, Angel Island. |5; T T. Park, I>elono.
, Cal., throußh Examiner, V, SS: friend, J27: F,.1
i;nr Van Bergan, $1; memberships, $16; Mrs.
Fanny L'>nt. J.'.ri; collected by Harry A. Ellis.
| Pacific MaU Steamship Company, $14 2.V
Donations were received for the State Red
Cn.«s yesterday from Los Angeles, Oakland,
Bau Ball to, Snn ]>andro. Willows, Petaluma.
Gridley, Callstoga, s.-in Diego, Stockton. San
Joaquln County, Mill Valley, Menlo Park. Wal
nut i 'nek. San Rafael, Dlxon, Corrallls. Santa
Maria, l'.'taluma. All the donations were large
find useful ones. Special thanks are due the
Dewey Chapter of rklnh f.,r their donation of
: nine boxes and Mrs. Tuttle of Wllllta for two
j br>xes.
; The children of the Western Addition Rave
1 an entertainment and ball In aid of the Red
: Cross Society a few nluhts a»ro. The volun
i teers were: Miss V. Weber, Miss F Knzln
: cky. Miss U. Knzlnsky. Miss A. Woodin. Mas
: ter w:nio Kazinsky, Miss s. Davis, Miss is
Murks Miss 1.. Mnrks, Mlhs c Pa
, vis. Master T. Kazinsky. Mr. and Mrs.
Ferand volunteered thfir hall at ifinr, Polk
i street, which was beautifully decorated with
| ferns and bunt Inc. Miss Goddie volunteered
her services for danrlnK.
Private Rogers, who underwent an opera
tion for appendicitis at St. Luke's Hospital, Is
prosresslnK favorably.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Hannah Murphy to Edward Murphy, lot on
Is* line of Post street, 110 E of Lyon, E 77-6 by
N 137 Rift. : , y
Hibernia SavlnßH and Loan Society to Thomas
E. Flynn. lot on W line of Valencia street. 57 6
S of Thirteenth, S 25:8 by W 90; $5000.
Same to Garret W. McEnerney,. lot on W line
; of Valencia street, 312:6 N of Sixteenth, N 32-6
by W 90; $5000.
Phebe A. Hearst to Henry Brook, lot on W
line of Harrison street. 207:6 N of Eighteenth.
N 2R:4V \V 184:6. \V 21:4, S 70, E 151, N 35:6,
E 75 (quitclaim deed); «1.
GuaJaJa Mill Company to same, lot on X line
' of Division (New Channel street) at center of
i street formerly known as Maritonn. being 205
! N of Eighteenth. E 30:4Vi. S 33. W 41:7 H. N
25 (quitclaim de»d); $1.
William Levlston an.l Henry Brock to City
Street Improvement Company, lot on \V line of
Harrison street, 207:6 N of Eighteenth. N 26:4%,
; \V 182:9, W 21:4, S 70, E 151, N 35:6. X 75; $10.
I Anna IT. C. Hanjes (wife of August F. Han-
Jes) to Charles H. Hencken, lot on SW corner
, of Nineteenth and Mission streets, S 25 by W
| SO; $3500.
; Stephen Maybell to Jennie Maybell, all Inter
•■ est In lot on SE line of Clary street, 160 NE of
1 •Sixth. SE 33:9 by SE 76; $5.
Felix and Delfina Mareuse to Paul A. and
Julia E. Dubois, lot on TV line of Sixth aye
'■ nue, 833:8 N of California street, N 25 by W
; 120: $3950.
Edward and I^ea Bl.isse (by Hermann Toel
ken, attorney) to Charles Babbtdge. lot on E
, line of Gould street. 250 S of Paul, S 25 by E
100, lot 35, block 2. Garden Tract Homestead;
; $10.
Charles G. Budd to Helen J. Budd. lot on
- SW line of Paraguay (Fourteenth) street, 250
SE of Yuzoo (M), SE 25 by SW 100. block 289;
also lot on S corner of Twelfth avenue and Li
j street, SE 75 by SW 100, block 247, South San
i Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
| tion; $100.
William and Jane Craven to Michael Schy
meinsky. lot on ? line of Sadowa street, 73:6 E
of Orizaba. E 98 by S 125, lots 4 to 7, block C,
Railroad Homestead Association; $10.
Elizabeth B. Sanborn to George F. Brodl^an,
lot on N line of Silver avenue, 373 W of Rail
road street, N 75 by W 75, lots 16 to M, block
11. People's Homestead Association Tract A;
also lots II and 35, block 503. Haley purchase
W of and adpolnlng Hudson Tract: $10.
Alameda County.
Elizabeth B. Sanborn to George F. Brodifjan,
all interest In 3 acres beginning at a point In
the center line of Central avenue, 247.25 SW
from Intersection of Central avenue with center
line of Walnut street, thence SE 658. SW 217.75,
N\V 60S, NE 217.75 to beginning, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Georxt- J. and Annie Earl to Johanna M.
SticKler, lot on N line of county road. Oakland
to San Leandro, 66 E of Bay View avenue, E
50 by N 100. block o, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $1700.
E. D. Judd and Mattie J. Shaw to Hilda
Lindburg, lot on N line of Merchant avenue,
250 X of Vlcksburg street. E 50 by N 123, being
lot 6, block B, Judd Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $150.
Rebecca Wurts to M. L. Wurts. the S 30 feet
of lot 2S, block 12, amended map of Central
Pork, Alcatraz and Newbury stations, Berke
ley; also the \V "^ of lot 22. block 2095. Alden
Tract at Temescal, Oakland Annex; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
J. McMullen (owner) with Moore & Cameron
architect Joseph W. Rowell. La
bor required in tearing down and carting to
new site the present Postofflce building at foot
of Market street; also rebuilding out of old
material a toolhouse, including brick and car
penter work, grading, plumbing, tinning, paint
ing and whitewashing and fdazing on lot 45:5
on W =id« of Main street, near Harrison, by
depth of 137:6; $1250.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 15.
Stmr Columbia, Green, B0»4 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 313 1 - hours.
CM >MESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMRLE— SaiIed July 15— Sehr Salva
tor, for San Pedro.
PEATTLK-Sailed July I&— Ship Spartan, for
Pan FranclßCO.
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 15— 6tmr Czarina, for
San Franclnco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed July 16— Stmr Mongo
lian, for Glasgow.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 16— Stmr Brtt
tanic. from New York.
Sailed July 15— Stmr Cevlc for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed July 15— Stmr Can
ada, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 15— Stm Feurst
Bismarck, for New York.
Hi il'LofiNE— Arrived July 15— Stmr Eden,
from New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BTTSINFPS OFFICE of the San Francisoo
Call, corner of Market rp<l Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every nigrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICER— S27 Montgomery street,
cor»er Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
C2l McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; <*— >n until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh Ftre*t; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets: oppn until 9 o'clock.
C IIIKCH XOTICES.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts .
Key. John Stephens, pastor; residence. 3u3
H.-ilght st.; preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m. ; the pastor will preach at both services.
Topic at 11 a. m., "Brought Into Captivity,"
and at 7:45 p. m., "Typical Americans."
Sunday-school at 12:3 d p. m.. C. B. Perkins
superintendent; Epworth League meeting at
6:30 p. m. ; Prayer meeting. Wednesday even-
Ings at 7:4.'. p. m. The public; cordially In-
vited to all the servlcns of this church; seats
free; ushers In attendance.
MEETING NOTICES.
MISSION lodge No. 169. F. and A. M.. •
called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) #1
EVENING at 7:80 o'clock. First de-T£j?
gree. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary. /V>
THE officers and members of South •
Sim Francisco Lodge No. 212, F. and _J^_
A. M.. are hereby notified to attend TK2\
the funeral of our late brother, /V>
GEORGE GRAHAM, on SUNDAY, July 17, |
at 1 o'clock p. m., from Masonic building.
Fourteenth and Railroad avenues. South San
Francisco. By order of the master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
YERISA BUENA lodge No. 15, I.
O. O. F. Officers and members i&iZS+lxx
are requested to assemble In the -JSS^sHk!?
lodge-room on SUNDAY, July *W«F-
17, at 1 o'clock p. m., to attend' the funeral
of our late brother, JAMES G. FRASER
H. F. NEUNABER, Noble Grand.
CHARLES WILSON, Rec. Sec.
! A. O. ll.', Division No. 2— The mcmberßfed*S)
of this division are ordered to as- \T Jf
aemble at Hlbernla Hall, 120 Ninth st., 5* JB
on SUNDAY, July 17, at 2 p. m., toCCVA?
take part in the parade attending ff^CS
the laying of the corner stone of the new
Youths' Directory. Every member must be
present. Fines for non-attendance will be
strictly enforced.
BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY, Recording Secretary.
ISLAM Temple, A. A. O. N. H. S.. will hold a
[ special session on SATURDAY EVENING,
July 16, at 8 o'clock. Visiting nobles are
most cordially invited to be present.
C. L. FIELD, Potentate.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Society's twelfth an-
nual excursion and picnic will take place at
Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, SUNDAY, Au-
gust 7. 189 S. AdultH' tickets .r,o<\. r ,0<\ children un- '
der 12 yrars free. Boats leave every half
I hour for park. Music by a first-class band.
j ANNUAL meeting of the Rlsdon iron and
Locomotive Works — The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Rlsdon Iron and
Locomotive Works, for the election of trus-
tees for the ensuing year and the transac-
tion of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting, will be held at
the office of the company, southeast corner
of Reale and Howard streets, San Francisco,
on MONDAY, the Ist day of August, 1898
at 11 o'clock a. m. L. It. MEAD. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of The San Francisco
and San Joaquln Valley Railway Company
will be held at the office of the company, No.
321 Market St., San Francisco, Cal., on TUES-
DAY, the 19th day of July, IS9S, at the hour
of 2 p. m., for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKTK. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE orphans and half orphans admitted Into
St. Francis" Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum
Bine* January 1, IS9S. to July 1, IS9S, are a.i
follows: Orphans— Hawkins 7, Mary
Kelly 7; half orphans— Anna Madden S, Mary
Pratra 7, Anna Pratra 2. Enestl Pratra 4
(male), Mervyn Rooney 3, Leo Rooney 8, John
Rooney 0, Anvpdeo Vetera 6 (male), Vlcto-
reen Holland 3. Kllsa Holland 2, Louisa Hol-
land 4. William O'Connor 3, Mary Strong 7,
admitted December 31, 1897.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, calico, muslins, linings,
shoes, towels, flannels, etc., very oneap at the
Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6&80.
MME. DE LA FONT; returned; 122 Post at.;
room 9, second floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
CLARA NORDLINGER. alcohol baths and
manage. 101 Eddy st.. room 12.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIA'IDKND NOTICK-Dividend "No! G7~Tfift>
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. on ana
after Wednesday, July 20. 1898. Transfer
books will close on Thursday. July 14. 1898,
at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
PACIFIC Employment First-class se-
lect help. 835 Market st. : phone Clay ISO.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.*"
GERMAN nurseglrl wishes situation; good
seamstress; $15 to »20. MRS. NORTON 313
Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl; good cook and laundress:
city or country: $20. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
ENGLISH woman; good cook and houseworker;
$10 to $12- city or country; good reference.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
NEAT Swedish nurse desires situation, $12 to
$15; references. MISS CCLLEN, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT Irish girl desires situation in
a Jewish family; good cook and laundress;
best of references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
GERMAN laundress. 3 -»ars reference, desires
situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
POSITION wanted by first-class cook In pri-
vate family or boarding-house, or would take
charge of club; experienced and best of ref-
erences. M. H., 419 Stockton st.
RELIABLE woman wants situation to do gen-
eral housework or mind children; city ref-
erence. Call or address 1036 Potrero aye.,
near Twenty-third st.
GERMAN first-class cook; 5 years last place;
understands all branches. MRS. NORTON,
Swedish and German Employment Bureau,
313 Sutter st. ; telephone Green 721.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day to
do washing, Ironing or housecleanlng; Is good
laundress; will work reasonable. Please call
or address 1036 Potrero aye., near 23d st.
GERMAN woman wishes employment of any
kind by the day. Call at bakery, corner of
Seventeenth and Dolores sts. ; reference given.
YOUNG married woman wants to take care of
a baby; sleep home; references. 216*4 Sixth. .
WOMAN wishes a place to do. light housework;
Is a good seamstress. Address 1105 Clay st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes a situation as
housekeeper and cood seamstress, or take
care of an invalid; no objection to children.
Apply in rear 307'y Seventh St., near Folsom.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wishes a posi-
tion as infant's nurse, city or country; wages
_$20 or $25M)est city references. 613 Vi Halght.
ROOM rent free to dressmaker who wishes to
establish business. Apply MRS. HAMILTON,
5512 Mission st.. Ocean View.
WOMAN wants men's washing; will do mend-
ing also. 372 Linden aye.
SITUATION wstntert by a youns lady to do
housework. 1037 McAJliater st.
REFINED lady to assist In housework or care
of children. Call 141 Larkin st.
RELIABLE girl wishes a situation to do gen-
<-nxl housework in small family; city or sub-
urbs. Call or address 731 Geary St.
COMPETENT cir! wishes a situation; cook
and housework; city or country; city refer-
ence. Apply at 1146 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework, wait on
table or plain sewing. 34S Second aye., Rich-
■ mond District.
YOUNG lady for general housework and cook-
In--; best of references. Call *» address 522
Ivy aye.
GIRL from the East desires a position in a
restaurant or to assist waiting; Oakland or
city. Call H74 Folsom st.
YOUNG German girl, good rook, wishes situa-
tion; cooking or general housework; $25; beet
references; German family preferred. Call or
address 63G Minna Bt., grocery.
DRESSMAKER of experience In ladles' chTT
dren's and tailor-made suits will accept en-
gagements in families or rooms; terms mod-
erate. 1321 Devlsadero 6t.
GERMAN woman to do general housework or
keep house; good plain cook, $10 to $12 a
month; city or country. 207 Eddy st.. near
Taylor.
YOUNG German woman would like to do
housework. Call at 2959 Twenty-fourth st.
YOUNG lady desires position to do general
housework. Address box 556, Call office.
STRONG Swedish girl wants plain washlng~or
housecleanlng by the day. 1331 Fulton st.
SITUATION as cook; would do general house-
work; city or across the bay. 2124 Howard st.
YOUNG woman wants work as cook or house-
work. Call 51 Capp St.; no postals.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework and cooking. Address 1309 Stock-
ton st.
LADY of ability and education would take i
charge and do morning work In lodging |
house for the rent of 3 housekeeping rooms.
Box 254, Call office.
SITUATION wanted round a place by elderly
man to do chores and make himself useful;
understands care of horses, garden and can
milk: reference. J. C., box 76. Call.
WANTED —Situation as gardener, care of
horses, etc.. by middle-aged active man; first-
class recommendations; wages moderate.
Gardener, box 156, this office.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper In small
family by lady with a child; good home more
Object than wages; no objection to country.
Address M. A.. Call Branch. 106 Eleventh st.
YOUNG lady desires position to assist book-
keeper; small wpges; object practical knowl-
edge. Address M. A., 106 Eleventh St., Call
Branch.
NEAT young girl desires situation at house-
work In small family. L. X., 419 Stockton ?t.
COMPETENT, trustworthy person wishes .4-
tion as housekeeper or any position of trust;
good cook and seamstress. Address L. M.,
box 5, Call office, Oakland.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
| tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
i CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414.i O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
SITUATION wanted, city or country, by horse-
shoer and till-around blacksmith; can give
reference. Address room 93. New Western
li tel, Kearny and Washington sts., San
Francisco, Cal.
WHo knows of a position open for a man of
4", small means but large capacity to rustle,
to go to Hawaii for Home res[- .risible firm?
Address Hawaii, Call office, box 122.
WANTED Situation by first-class Chinese
cook; thoroughly experienced in French and
American cooking; best of references. Apply
All LEE. 336 O'Farrell at.
SITUATION wanted around a place by mlddle-
ag-ed man: good horseman and driver, milker
and pardener; best city references. J. F., box
76. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife on gen-
tlemnn's place: first-class reference. Address
box 533, ''all office.
AMERICAN man and wife wish positions on a
ranch. Address ROBERT FROST, Oakland
Postofflce.
YOUNG man wishes a situation as barkeeper
or any kind of saloon work; best of recom-
mendation Address box 121. <'all office.
'position as collector or porter In wholesale
; house; rush security. W., box ISS, Call office.
YOUNG German, 23, who does not drink nor
use tobacco in any form, desires steady po-
sition as Janitor, choreman or as general
worker in store; 3 years in chares of a
school building In the Bast; best of recom-
mendations. Address CARL MOSS, 661 How-
ard st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third stT! near
Market: 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to
$G week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HELr WANTED— FEMALE.
GERMAN girl as cook; American family of 4;
no washing; choice place. MRS. NORTON,
313 Putter st.
RANCH cook. $25; Irish houseglrl. $20; nurse-
girl, $10; housegirl. sleep home, $12. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, country, $20. see party here;
chambermaid, $15; cook. $25. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houseglrl, $20. American family";
German housegirl. $15. MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
FRENCH and German nursery governess, $25.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Suttter.
FRENCH maid, $25; French nursery governess,
$25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
YOUNG K'rl. Hunt work, $12; 15 housework
girls, city and country, $2u to $25; S young
girls assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter.
Woman with a child, as cook, small hotel,
Vallejo, $20. MISS CULUEBN, 325 Sutter.
RANCH cook. $20. MISS CULLEN: 325 Sutter.
WORKING housekeeper, hotel, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
GIRL housework; sleep home; $10. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WAITRESS. Vallejo, $20; see lady here. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK, San Luis Obispo, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 3r. Sutter.
HOUSEWORK Rirl. 2 in family. $10. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
SECOND girl, country. $20. MISS CULLEN.
;'.;."■ Sutter.
FRENCH seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN.
326 Sutter.
AT C. It. HANSEN & CO.'S., 104 Geary— Want-
ed to-day: Three first-class waitresses. South-
ern California. $20 and free fare; waitress,
Fresno, $25, free fare; waitress, Fresno, $20,
free fare; waitress. Cisco, free fare; waitress,
La Honda, $20; waitress, San Mateo, $20; re-
sort cook, $35 and fare one way: call early,
waitress. Institution. $20; head waitress, com-
mercial country hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary.
A— AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. 104 Geary-
Wanted to-day: A girl for general house-
work, small American family, $20; office fee
paid by lady; see her here at U o'clock: 20
house girls for city and country place*, $25, i
$20. $15; cook for Jewish family, $25; woman,
plain laundry work, small resort, $20.
COOK for summer resort. $35 and fare paid
to go to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary.
WANTED— Pantry girl for country hotel, $?5.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Nurse for Institution to care for
sick, $20 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
5 WAITRESSES and chambermaids, hotels,
etc., $20 and $22 50; cook, boarding house, $25;
French seamstress, $25: cook, German style,
$25; and girls for housework. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
YOI'NG woman, general housework, ranch, $20;
waltreFs, summer resort, $20; waitresses,
country hotels, $20; chambermaid and wait,
country hotel, $20. MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Young woman, general housework
and plain cooking, family 2. $15; city refer- ]
ence. Apply 732 Pine St., bet. 11 a. m. and
3 p. m.
WANTED— 3 young ladies (amateurs) to travel; .
singers preferred; salary and expenses. Ap-
ply Washington Hall. 35 Eddy st.. 2 p. m.
WANTED competent German girl for cooking ,
and general housework; good wages. 3601 '
Clay st.
MIDDLE- AGED respectable German woman; ]
light housework; good home. 412 Locust st.
WANTED— Saleswoman, experienced in retail '
crockery business. Box 26, Call office.
JENNIE FITZSIMMONS, piease~cair664 Mis- !
sion st. MRS. FURNISS.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GIRL about 15 to assist in light housework.
812 Scott st. _^____
GIRL to assist In light housework; wages $8.
.104 Jessie st., near Sixth. ____
GIRL or middle-aged woman for housework.
716 Green st.
GIRL that understands operating on Singer
machine. Apply Trunk Factory, Seventeenth
and Folsom sts.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' under-
skirts; steady work. 547 Market st.
WANTED— First-class laundress on ladies'
work. Address box 321, Vallejo.
LEARN dressms ng and millinery: positions
free: patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Po»t.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School. 1079 Marlcol
■t.: perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
WANTED— and ladles to learn "Rood'a
magic scale dress cutting system" complete In
10 days; open evenings; good pay. 207 Taylor.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
300 MEN for the Alaska RailroiuTPsteamer
sails next Wednesday. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
...AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st...
WANTED TO-DAY
100 teamsters and laborers for the Valley
Road and the Visalla extension; ship every
day; free fare \
FOR A LARGE MINE
15 laborers to work around a mine; no ex-
perience needed; wages $1 60 to $2 50 a day;
steady work; Scandinavian miner, $2 a day
and board; see boss here
Sawyer, north, $3 a day and 'board;* "gang
edger, $45 and board; assistant mill pond
man who can row a boat $30 and board-
spool tender, $35 and board; 4 barkers and
buckers, $35 and board; 10 farmers, $20 and
found; 3 fruit pickers; blacksmith, country i
shop. $35 and found; stableman $30 and
found, boss here j
Second cook, country hotel, $60-' fry cook, $40;
third cook, $40; baker and assist on the range,
small country hotel. $35; 2 waiters for a mine
boarding house, $25; night waiter, $30; 4 coun-
try hotel waiters, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED cook who is an expert at
grilling fish, for a seaside hotel, $60 and
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
GERMAN butcher and slaughterer, country
shop, $40 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
GERMAN barkeeper $30 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
6 COLORED waiters, first-class hotel, Port-
land. Or.. $25 and fare paid. C. R. HAN-
I SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A MURRAY & READY
Free fare Wants to-day Free fare
300 railroad teamsters and laborers... 75 day i
Free fare Free fare j
26 laborers for a sawmill company !
$20 and found
25 farm hinds, etc $26 and $20 and found I
3 milkers $20 and found
- To the mines
S3 laborers to work around mines etc
Wages from $2 50 day
4 choremen and boys $15 and $10 and found
Butter maker, country Job
$3 day Hay balers $3 day
112, woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
114 Tie makers Be, 9c and 15c each
: 336 men for Arizona >
10 men to cut brush $30 and found
Spool tender Gang edger man j
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2 MEN to bone beef Sausage maker !
$1 75 day $2 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A LAUNDRY HELP.................
3 Ironers 2 markers and distributors
2 starchen! and washers
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— s WAITERS Bakery boy I
6 cooks Boy to drive wagon ■
Pantryman Shoemaker
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WANTED— S quartz miners, $2 50 day and $40
and board; brick molder; 3 carpenters for 1
mine, $2 50 day and $40 and board; milkers,
$20 and $25; r ;^-mer and wife for fruit ranch, j
! $40; farmers and others. Apply to J. F. I
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED- Butler, $40; hotel and restaurant |
waiters, $:2 50, $25 and $41; cook for mines.
$30; boarding house and restaurant cooks and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st,
WANTED— Blacksmith for first-class ranch, !
$40 and found, steady job; doorman for livery
stable, $4?.. city; 2 furnace men for quick- I
silver mine. $60; 5 men to work about fur-
I nace for mining company, no experience re-
quired. $2 per day. half fare paid; 4 scraper
teamsters for city. $1 60 per day; 2 ranch j
teamsters, near city, good place, $20 per :
month; 2 milkers near city. $25; and others.
W. D. EWER' & CO.. 626 Clay st.
WANTED— WaIter, first-class hotel, $25; waiter,
French restaurant, $30; farmer. $25 to $30,
fare advanced: man and wife. Alameda
County. $35; man and wife, «Yolo County. $40; I
man and wife. Santa Clara County, $40; Iron- j
ers for several country places, $30: dish-
washers. $15 to $25; vegetable man, $25; but-
lers, $35 and $40. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
! 6 MEN for the woods to work on skid road. $20
and board; boss planer for country, 2 quarry- I
men. $2 a day; granite cutter. $3 a day;
waiter, $25: cook. $30. R. T. WARD & CO.,
60S and 610 Clay st.
PORTER for country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday and Sun- |
day; steady. 406 Third st.
: BARBER for Saturday night; permanent. Ap-
ply 507 Castro st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages.
1759 Union st.
BARBER for Saturday; wages $3. 1738 Mar-
ket st. ■ '
BARBER for Saturday. 103 Eddy st
WANTED— Barber; Saturday; 415 Powell.
GOOD waiter wanted at 613 Clay st.
GOOD honest clerk to help in liquor store. 600
McAllister st.
WANTED— Boy to learn upholstering at 1222
Polk st.
WANTED— German for lunch counter,
between 6 and 7. 1053 Market St.. old number.
WANTED— waiters for Saturday and
Sunday. Call 12 to 2 p. m., 15 Stockton st.
WANTED— kitchen band; must be a strictly
sober man. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— A presser and tailor on custom
coats. 1044 Howard, upstairs.
WANTED— Man to wash dishes; wages $3 per
week, board and room. 417 Mason st.
JOINER for light, neat woodwork. Address
box 120 Call office.
WANTED— Second cook at the Washington
Hotel, 622 Fourth st. ; wages $15.
MAN with $50 to go to Portland and Join ad-
vertiser In light, profitable business there-
Apply ERASER, SO9B Mission St.
WANTED — persons In every section to
distribute circulars, samples and tack signs-
no canvassing; cash paid. WILL A. MOLTOV
CO.. Cleveland, Ohio.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor still '
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade 154'
Market st. '
MEN to learn barber trade In 8 weeks. San
Francisco Barber College, 13SH Eighth st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office &
IT CHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Barnard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE S. 604 Davis st., near Jackson.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764^ Mission,
me St tO M tfU^ rooms; *°. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
soling. 35c: only one price. 959 Howard st.
SINGLE furnished fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market "st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 76c and $1
week. Llndel House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Ivnox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third st.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading room; I
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
FRANCES E. WILLARD, foundeT~oT~the
world's W. C. T. IT.; Childhood. Religious
Development, Travels Abroad, Answering Ar-
menia's Cry, Character Studies and Memorial j
Addresses; secure territory; outfit 50c. Cali-
fornla Educational Bureau. Stockton. Cal. ,
WANTED— Lady agents; pleasant work; rapid
seller; good inducements. Apply between 2
and 5 p. m. at room 1408. Claus Spreckels '
(Call) building. (
POSITION wanted as traveling agent; well
known over Nevada, Montana and Utah; ,
speaks English and German- bond If required.
Box MS. Call office.
AGENTS— Lady canvassers wanted: good talk-
ers; big commission. Call bet. 11 and 2 o'clock .
at 1223 Geary st. -
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
LADY wishes room and board In exchange for <
work. Box 126, Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
H. BAUM buys furniture and general mer- (
chandise. 1057 Market st.; tel. Jessie 82.
ROOMS WANTED.
1 OR 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping, near
Market st. S. H. Ad. 1506 W. 7th, Oakland.
3 OR 4 unfurnished rooms, bet. Ellis and Sut-
ter, Leavenworth and Market. Address bos
510, Call office.
EXPERIENCED teacher of voice culture will
exchange lessons for a large sunny room for
' studio; Western Addition. Box 235. Call.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SAl£
H. C. DECKER.
11120 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
14 rooms; elegant furniture; cost $2200 $1300
40-room house: only 't",O cash 450
14 rooms on Powell st. ; new 750
14 rooms; transient; clears $150 1400
26 rooms on Mission; new 1500
60- room house; corner 1600
22 rooms; near City Hall 500
18 rooms on Post St.: clears $100 1000
36 rooms; clears fiOQ 1500
60 rooms; clears $100; only 750
42 rooms; elegant corner: clears $400 3500
22 rooms; new and rood ; $300 cash 800
10 rooms; all rented; business street 300
25 rooms; on Market; clears $200 600
23 rooms; new furniture; clears $150 100<!
100 rooms; corner; best on earth 650»
H. C. DECKER,
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— lo ROOMS; rent $30; Golden Gate ave. s 300
22 rooms; fine sunny corner 1400
32 rooms; clears $200 monthly 2500
31 rooms; fine for transients; part cash... 1050
25 rooms; near Baldwin; cheap 600
26 rooms; transient; best in city 1500
18 rooms; sunny corner; a snap — 650
11 rooms; Van Ness avt 275
62 rooms; rent $S0; come quick 1500
14 rooms; good transient house; O'Farrell 1200
22 rooms; new; near Tlvoli 950
22 rooms; rert $70 650
46 rooms: Market St.; clears $200; cheap.. 1250
ROGERS A HYDE, 1206 Market St. (L. W.
Rogers, formerly clerk for H. C Decker.)
' FURNISHINGS of l^room house; all full; In
j 400 block; rent low; everything good condi-
tion; a special bargain, $650. THE REY-
NOLDS CO., 403-404 Examiner building.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR Sale— Good furniture; cheap. 1 Latham
place, off Mason, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the.
same as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and.
Broadway, Oakland. •
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house,
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
! est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
BEAUTIFUL piano, $135; Sterling. $173; Vose,
$200; 47 more: all must go during July and
August; investigate before buying. BENJ.
j CURTAZ & SON, Chickerlng agents, 16-18-20
O' Farrell st.
'' WE Invite critical examination; new store, new
goods. CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St.,
1 cor. Grant aye.. Conover agents.
! SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S. 310. 312 Post st.
I FINE upright for $150; come early If you want
to secure a bargain. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO., 769 Market st.
A— s3s; FINE-TONED piano, first-class condi-
tion; must sell. 1361 Folsom St., cor. Tenth.
; AN upright piano, nearly new: brilliant, pow-
erful tone; cheap. 216 McAllister st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale prices to
I all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post st.
! "AD" smallest: price lowest: uprights, $75 up:
i rents. $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
i A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 McAllister
1 St., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
! MONTGOMERY. 527, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
; o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
i tlons and want ads taken.
HORSES.
1 FOR sale — 20 head horses; must be sold. Apply
Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57-61 Minna St.,
between First and Second.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses; must sell. Emporium Salei
Yards, 220 Valencia st.
I 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts. harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth: auction sales every Wednea-
;lav. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lte-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
' A FINE thing for a present; full line of
graphophones. $10 each and upward. PIERCE
& CO., 313 Emporium building.
NICE 10-foot striped awning for sale cheap.
329 Third St.
THOROUGHBRED, full-grown young fox-
hound; thoroughbred St. Bernards. F. BALT-
ZER, 1313 Larkln st.
THOROUGHBRED Japanese pug; also a pup
8 weeks old; cheap. 5358 Second st.
BOILER, 42x14. with steam drum, complete;
will test to 175 pounds. WHITE. 516 Mission.
150 SHARES Sutro Railroad stock, or exchange
1 for real estate. G. WOOD, Berkeley.
I 40,000 ROLLS of wall paper, latest designs, 3o
and 5c roll. 368 Ninth st., Oakland.
FOR sale— A thoroughbred Holsteln cow. Ap-
ply at 917 Elizabeth st.
FRESH Al Jersey cow: choice animal for fam-
ily use; price reasonable. 3150 Twenty-fourth.
SECOND-HAND machinery for sale— l 20- hone
power stationary tubular boiler, 2 vertical en-
gines and other machinery for sale cheap for
cash at the works of the KROGH MANU-
FACTURING CO.. 51 Beale st :
BARS, back bars,, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. abore Sixth.
EXCHANGE — Thoroughbred mare for type-
writer or tandem. Ohio Dental Parlors, 719
Market st.
FOR — Small Otto gas engine. Apply sa-
loon, 1802 Seventh St.. Oakland.
$137 50— FISHER upright piano: good condition:
$10 down and $5 a month. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos elect]
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co.. •■-■ Mission.
SCALE safe, coffee-mill, desk, letter press.
cheap, at 621 Mission st.
iPHnPHOVF 1 ' $10: records. $5 per dozen;
G pm^"osg^slo0 :^£'g^"P'- 933-946 Market.
t \i vooi house mover, dealer second-hand
J building ■ inn-r! :,:. Mission; tel. So. 757.
xx-iii itt!« pneines. Id-hand machinery. Me-
°NTOSH £ WOLPMAN, Fremont & Howard.
s a its New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
c a Trr-<5--Rareains In new and second hand: all
sizesTha!.' original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
STr^ showcases^ counters, shelving, eta,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission St.. nr. Seventh.
DENTISTS.
T^^LlTß^roT" teeth. $5; see new flexible
elates- light and thin: warranted ten years;
Feeth without plates, crown and bridge work
«nr specialty: fillings. JOe: crowns. $3 50; all
work Dainless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
TVR TUPLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made- old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting, 50c; gas given.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
NEW YORK methods at New York prices by
* New York dentists. 969 Mission, cor. Sixth.
i SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. I*4l Polk st.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS Mgr.,
3S and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 433
Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
A ?Y A S C , K Carpet-Cleaning Co 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
C BTKATTON. ? Llghth St.; yard: relaid at 3c.
bTRATTON, 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St., cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
C Gat^ a«."f teL^lVnSl tlnS W ° rkS>BUSINESS CHANCES.
11050-^-INTEREST in beer bottling association
of leading brewery: this share clears above j
$150 per month; a rare chance; owner is en- i
t;ai;ed In other enterprises and cannot attend. ;
Particulars ' [LKE, 84S Market st.
$600--COKNKi< grocery and bar in the very
choicest business location; connected with a
living rooms and doing a rushing cash busi-
ness, must be sold at once; sickness cause
for it: Investigate and make your oiler. Call
WILKE. S4-S Market st.
j-,.w --RESTAURANT and chophouse; doing a
flr>t-r!ass paying business; close to Market
and Kast sts. . low rent , Investigate; owner
mutt leave at once and no reasonable oiler
refused. Call on R. U. \\ ILKK, 545 Market.
A— $1000; SALOON In the very best location.
Western Addition, doing a first-class paying
business; owner engaged in other business;
must sacrifice; not ali cash needed. WILKJ2,
545 Market st.
A— s4oo; PARTNER in first-class paying busi-
; ness, on Kearny St.. near Market, clearing
easily $250 per month; no opposition; a rare
chance. For particulars. WILKE. M- r . Market, j
$2500^-OLD-ESTABLISHED » saIoon in choicest
down-town location, with buildlng;long lease;
doing a first-class paying business; otiu-r en-
gagements compel uwner to sacrifice. Parti-
culars WILKE, M 5 Market st.
$600- CORNER saloon in wholesale district; es-
tablished many years and doing a sooJ pay-
ing business; owner nv.ist leave for the coun-
try at once. Call WILKE. Mi Market st.
$1200— CIGAR store and stationery, on Market
tt., near ferries: flrsl-class paying; low rent;
.1 genuine bargain; Investigate at once; a
rare chance. ILKK S4. r , Market st.
$12."r- DOWN-TOWN saloon near Kearny st. : I
well fixp'l up: mere than value in sight; i
greatest bargain ever offered. M. LE£t\ 765 j
Market st.
|3.-.O_FINE restaurant, central: north of and
near Market; meals 25c and Me: location in-
sun i best class of trade. LESS, 760 Market.
$225— CORNER ■•in^v store in good business lo-
cation on Kearny st.; good chance for buyer;
must be .sold. M. LESS. 763 Market St.. op-
posite Phelan building.
$r;50 — MILLINERY j-t-re in good country town;
has new Hick and go>><! fixtures; living rooms
In rear. M. LESS, 765 Market St., rooms 3-4.
$4fV>— BRANCH bakery, cigar, notion store;
couth vi Market St. : 4 living rooms; no op-
position: present owner there six years; do-
ing well: must be sold at once; party going
Hast; great bargain. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$U'ft— PARTNER ■ wanted In saloon business:
steady man required. M LAUGH LIN, 23
Kearny st.
$400— PARTNER wanted in the manufacturing
of staple goods ;steady man required. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$3000— BAZAAR. ]>lun:i)lng and tinware busi-
ness; stock worth the price asked; selling
on account of departure. McLAUGHLIN _
CO., 23 Kearny st.
$7.",O— SALOON north of Market «.. adjoining 2
theaters; worth double this amount; must be
sold c.n account of the serious illiif-ss pro-
prietor. Mclaughlin & co., 23 irny st.
$Ii«.'— ANDY and cigar store; 3 living rooms;
furniture; cheap rent; sacrifice; sickness
cause of sale; with or without furniture. L2S
Third st.
1300— PARTNER wanted; light business; Indoor
work: no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a week
each can be made. i» Geary st.. ruara 2.
GOOD chance for light party; well established
gems' furnishing goods business (or sale at
a reasonable price. Apply to P. W. ANDER-
SON. r< San Pablo aye., Oakland.
NURSERY and florist; 4 green houses; lath
shod and living house; l^rge grounds: cars
pass place: must be soIJ on account of leav-
ing city. Box 513, Call office.
$I.">O— BRANCH bakery, candy, notions and i
hardware: nice trade; rare chance ar.d cheap.
4301 Eighteenth st., near Castro.
FIRST-CLASS butcher business for sale cheap
<n account of sickness. Apply at once box
13«, Call office.
ENTERPRISING man can secure an Increas-
ing income of $."i*> yearly fur a loan of {300.
Call room 20, 12 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
$200— SALOON; billiard table and 7 furnished
rooms: cheap rent. OLSON. 309 Third st.
PORK and delicatessen store for sale; good
location; cheap. Box 630. Call.
BARGAIN; an old-established shoe repairing
■ business. Inquire at 66S Howard st.
HORSE and express wagon for sale. Cor.
Sixth and Market sts.
WANTED— An energetic partner with $300 to
o;x-n up a renovating business; a new process
now in operation in the East; good money
In it: one familiar with carpets, rugs and
upholstered furniture preferred; references
pivr-n and required. Address box 62, Call.
PAYING restaurant in Oakland; promi-
nently located corner 2 principal streets; no
opposition; clearing $200 a month; sacrificed
Tor J'JiO; reason for seUlnK. owner compelled
to g,r to E-r.-iieJiTimMfnteiy; trial giv»n. H.
J.. box 10, Call ofllce. Oakland.
SOBER steady plumber and tinsmith can take
long-used shop in center of town St. Helena;
German preferred; rent JlO month. Address
P.OSSI & ANDERSON, St. Helena.
WANTED— Partner for well-established under-
taking business; first-class business opportu-
nity for Protestant gent; experience not nec-
etigary. Box 72, Call office.
BAN RAFAEL; paying ail year round; hotel
and saloon for rent to .1
choice location. GEO. D. SHEA HER, San
Rafael.
BARBER shop In a good, live, growing town
In Oregon; 2 chairs; good paying business;
will give trial; sell account sickness. Apply
WILSON, $03 Guerrero ft.
FOR Sale — A first-class grocery and bar; must
be snid on account of departure to Manila.
Inquire ICHMAN, LUTGEN & CO., its
I Clay, st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon down-town on Market
«t.: superior location fur wholesale and retail
liquor "business; bargain. Address 429 Baker.
WANTED— Tenant for good limbing shop at
L'.rin Stiui'-.n. Berkeley. Apply R. WAN-
NENMACHER, 1 IPS Fourth st., San Francisco.
DRUG store, invoices about $3500, an be
bought for Jl'W cash. Full particulars ad-
dress D. S., box 7. Call office, Oakland.
FOli Sale A well stocked grocery and bar;
old established business: run by owner 6
years; rent cheap. Apply Call office.
FOR Sale— A small milk business; 5 cows, 200
chickens, 100 pigeons; house to rent cheap.
Apply Call office.
FINE large store on southwest corner Oak and
Devisadero; rent $30; or will give lease. In-
quire on I remlsea
tVELL paying and established grocery store;
landlord getting too old to attend. Apply 232
Mini: st.
NOTION and candy i-tore; living rooms; rare
chance. Call and see. 1112 Steiner st.
WETNURSE wanted immediately, 1795 McAl-
lister St., corner Baker.
PA LOON and 7 furnished rooms for sale;
cheap. 120 Folsom st.
FOR cale— -Half internist in barber shop; cheap,
li Mason st.
$1000— GROCERY and saloon for sale; no oppo-
sition; fine location. Apply Call office.^
$673— BRANCH bakery, notions, cigars, sta-
tionery, laundry and general merchandise
Btore; fine rooms and sunny yard good loca-
tion: value In stock. Box 16, Call branch
office, 106 Eleventh st.
BAKERY: good corner north of Market Ft.;
b"st and cheapest place In city for quod
baker; low rent; no wagon; all store trade.
Address box 25, Call office.
STATIONERY, cigars and notions for sale at
Invoice; investigate. 2-SO7 California jit.
PHOTOGRAPHIC plant, best in Central Cali-
fornia, for sale; chance of lifetime to up-to-
date worker. Address BENT. 40 California st.
HALF or whole interest in good paying but her
Shop: cash business; elegant fixtures: central
location. D., box 3. Call office, Oakland,
$4 OLD-ESTABLISHED butcher shop; Al
business; 1 Ist be sold this week; investigate
at once. Box S7, Call office.
PAYING bakery and confectionery store; good
trade; fine .Hon. Twenty-second and
Brush st«.. Oakland.
$400— SALOON estahliehed for many years: 5
K living rooms for man and wife. Apply Call.
RESTAURANT; central; good business; sell-
ing on account of sickness. Apply at Call.
FOR RALE— 2 old-established groceries and ;
a bars ;j price :SI2SO. Box 201. Call office.
FOR SALE— Corner grocery and bar; $200. 3418
w Mission st:
$250^-SALOQN; day busing EM Clay st.
FOR sale_f a ii route st San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
CO F , I ?E ani tea routes supplied from GEO.
; \\ .iCASWELL .':• co.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor Clay-Open until 9:30
o clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
""'"■• ''nil wnnt ads taken.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
ALASKA Expedition-Schooner Thomas Bay-
_£f_ ii ,T W Philadelphia party^ bound for
men to join^pa?! ' Wlinl ' " ! " rc
MEWING MACHINES.? *
AUTOMATIC Domestic, Singer and White
B cheap? 1 repairing guaranteed. |Ms Mission st
$"2 MONTHLY-Rented. repaired. I * boughtS'sold;
machine nupplies. ns_Bixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, c-xchangeir^relired^
repairing at lowest rates 2»5 Fourth st. ' j
»t9 HAVES ST.— Branch office The Calf i
Subscriptions and ads taken- J
HOUSES TO LET.
125— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER. 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
i ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Call-
' fornia and Lake Bts. ; prices will surprls*
I you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 623 Market st.
! ELLIS, 1472, I-- Buchanan— 6 r. and b. and
I planked basement.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. nr. Webster— lo r. and
b.; modern improvements; $50.
j HOUSE of 4 sunny rooms. 81 Lafayette St., be-
tween Eleventh and Twelfth^
HYDE, 41GVi— House of. 4 large sunny rooms;]
rent cheap to right party. Inquire 41S Hyde. (
I OAK. 421— Stylish Eastlake residence; S rooms
and bath: latest Improvements; $35.
5 ROOMS, upper floor, cheap. 5 Jane place, off j
Pine st., bet. Mason and Taylor. j
TO LET— House on Jackson st. bill; seven
rooms and bath; nice yard, garden and fine
! view; rent $30 for a good tenant. Apply 1210
Jnekson st.
WE can rent you a houce with or without a
flag pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont- 1
gomery Bt.
ITRXISHKO HOUSES TO LET.
A HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished; in good neighborhood; walking
distance $50 1
A house of S rooms and bath; newly fur-
nished; neat as bandbox; walking dis-
tance; a bargain *0 ■
THE REYNOLDS CO.. 1
403-404 Examiner building.
TAYLOR, 810 — Completely furnished sunny
house.. 10 rooms and bath. Call between 1:30
and 4 p. m. _^_
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 5 rooms and bath; large basement;
rent reasonable. 120 Flllmore st. j
JONES, 2052— Sunny cottage, - rooms and bath;
$14; key grocery.
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, large basement,
modern Improwmts; reasonable. 2925 Webster.
NEWLY renovated cottages, 5 rooms._ bath;;
large basement and yard; cheap. 1576 Fit- I
teenth st.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
BUSH, 1213—2 flats, 3 rooms, bath; rent $12 and
, $13. Apply 12118 Bush st.
FOLSOM, 930. bet. Mh and th— 6 r. and b. : $14.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st. ■
GEARY 1917—4 nice rooms; bath; toilet; cellar;
yard: furnished; hall; gas: $18 water free.
HATES, 889— Nice flat, 6 rooms and bath; re-
duced to $17.
HOWARD. 852— Brick Mis: '■ r. and b.; $25.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
LANGTON, 37— 515; sunny flat, 5 rooms and
lath.
IWA Perry St.; $10: flat, 4 rooms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 63$ Market.
MCALLISTER, 1723, nr. Broderick— Sr. and b. ;
rent $25. .\SHTON CO.. 411 Montgomery st.
NEW sunny upper flat, 6 rooms and bath; mod-
ern improvements; grand view; large porch;
garden and basement; rent $18. 4237 Twen-
tieth St.. near Castro.
POST, lfio".— Upper flat: 6 rooms and bath; $20;
lower flat 5 rooms and bath; $12 50.
SEVENTEENTH, 3997, corner Market— Modern
bay-window sunny 7-room flat; cheap.
SOUTH PARK, 39— New modern upper flat. 6;
roimis and bath appreciated if seen. Apply-
to DAVID STERN & SONS. 636 Market st.
SUTTER 16138, nr. Octavia— 7 r. and b. ; $30.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
TO Let— A sunny flat. 7 rooms and bath; large ;
van! : rent low to a good tenant. 869 Hayes
si., near Fillmore.
VALENCIA, 469, nr. 16th— r. and b. ; rent $16. I
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a flag- i
pole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont- <
gamery st.
Sir,— NICE sunny flat. 5 rooms 724 Harrison
• st., l<ttween Third and Fourth. I
J2O— NEW choice sunny Bat; all latest Improve- j
ments. 1708 ll' de st., near Broadway.
2 NEW upper modern sunny flats, 5 rooms and
bath. 2<i6S Twenty-second st., near Bryant.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13. $14. $15, $1S and $23 50. DEMP- ;
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
$14 r.n. flat of 5 Bunny roms, between Octavia I
and Gough. 127 Page st.
$11— FLAT. 5 rooms and bath. 124 Wlldey Ft. ;
key at 2325 Pine St., bet. Flllmore and Stelner. ■
4 MARKET ST.— Rranch office of The Call.
Wnnt ads and yubscriptlons taken.
KjOOJsU KOK HOUSEKEEPING.
AT "2 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; week, $1 to $2 60; day. 25 to 6yc.
URANNAN, 725, above Sixth- Sunny front bed-
room and kitchen, furnished, 1 -.
BUSH, E7rr-Fi-nnt suite and separate kitchen,
with bath, $20; large sunny well furnished
room, $5; sunny room, $6, with bath.
EIGHTH, lOVs— Two nice sunny rooms for
housekeeping.
FOLSOM. C 4G — 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; ras stove; bath; running
water; no children.
FOLSOM, 511 — Sunny front room with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping; no children; nice
and quiet.
FRANKLIN, 2n3— Sunny front suite, bath;
separate kitchen; corner.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 311— $10: a large sunny
furnished room: housekeeping; complete; gas
and bath; references. |
GOLDEN GATE, 1200— Sunny furnished front
rooms complete for housekeeping; private.
I HARRISON, 781— Front and back parlor; fur-
nished complete for housekeeping; large yard;
; rent $13.
HOWARD, 935 1 * — Nice sunny room with regular
kitchen, complete; private bath; gas; cheap.
JACKSON, '■'-•'■ near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms, Js to i.<;
single, $4.
JESSIE, 42:- 3 or 4 housekeeping rooms en
suit..-; also single; cheap.
LAGUNA. 1029—3 sunny unfurnished or fur-
nlshed rooms for light housekeeping; reas. j
LEAVENWORTH. 410—2 large dry sunny rooms
In basement, unfurnished; rent $8.
McALLISTEB, 447, corner Van Ness aye.—
Nicely furnished sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping.
MINNA. -Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; large yard.
MINNA, lllVi— Nice furnished bay-window
suite with piano; $10 per month.
MISSION, 562—3 large sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $2 per week.
MISSION, "62 — Large sunny room; complete for
housekeeping; folding bed; $160 week.
MISSION, 121&— Sunny housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 1221— Housekeeping rooms; also sin-
! gle.
j MISSION, 72&'?.. near Thirteenth— Front room
and kitchen furnished; use piano; bath and
; laundry; $10.
NATOMA. 645—2 or 3 furnished rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
I NINTH, 13, r — 4 or '. neatly furnished rooms
complete for housekeeping; sun all day; rent
reasonable to family of adults.
1 PART "' nice sunny flat; use of piano, bath;
$15. C 166 Twenty-third st., near Howard.
PAGE, 1134—2 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping. $• to $12.
POLK, 522— Front sunny unfurnished house-
keeping suit- ; also single rooms; nice and
quiet.
POLK, 611—1 or 2 nice large sunny rooms with
kitchen, complete for housekeeping; gas
j range; Kith.
SEVENTH, IT- Large sunny front rooms;
.first floor; for housekeeping; yard.
TWELFTH, 14... corner Howard— single
and double rooms, with kitchen, complete
for housekeeping; rent rr-asonab'e.
TWENTY-THIRD, 8728, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window roi ma, completely furnished for
housekeeping
ROOMS TO LET.
SELECT home Hotel Florence 102 Ellis,
cor. Powell: elevator; baths; best attention.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton St.; trunks
moved to t any part of city, 25c; tel. Main 49. j
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kfarny st.— Pleasant
tunny rooms, en suite and single; tint-class ;
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 416 O'Farrell—Nlce sunny rooms, single !
and en suite; $7 up; everything first-class.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; pretty view;
quiet house; baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT CO9 Hyde. Butter 715-717-719. k23M, and Muon
407— Choice, sunny; reasonable; investigate.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post, 2 blocks from principal
hotels; newly furnished; all conveniences.
BUSH, 67S— room. 2 beds, for gentleman,
with bath ; $7; board II desired.
BUSH, 075— Sunny, unfurnished suite, $12;
privilege of bath and storeroom; first floor.
CLIFFORD— 2O4 Ellis St.. corner Mason—
suits and single rooms; prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double mis. ; $8, $10 mo.
THE SAX IHAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. %
EDDY, 111— Elegantly furnished suites or rms.;
with or without housekeeping; reasonable.
EDDY, IIS — Pleasant front suite. 2 beds; other
sunny rooms, $3 up; also housekeeping.
EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished single and double
rooms; privilege light housekpg; $5 mo. up.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $8 week.
FOLSOM. 766V4— large sunny furnished rooms
to let reasonable.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl week and up;
nice, clean, sunny single and double rooms.
GEARY, 40." (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, Elegant sunny suites, double,
single; hot water, baths, gas; light house-
keeping.
GIRARD House, cor, Howard and 7th— Nice
sunny rms., also housekpng.; very reasonable.
GEARY, 1002— Elegant suite sunny parlors suit-
able for artist or doctor.
GLOBE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE avr., PITA Large sunny room
for 1 or 2 persons; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN. S. E. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 E0 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, ;'•:!s— Large sunny front room; nice-
ly furnished; rent reasonable.
HYDE, 232— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
from $."> month up; bath and gas.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria)— Unfurnished
sunny corner suites: running water, bath and
gas; first-class every respect; terms re_snble.
JESSIE, 333— Large sunny room; suitable for
two; $S; also single room; $3.
JONES, 207— Nicely furnished suites and single
rooms reasonable; gas, water, bath; central. ;
JONES, Furnished front bay-window
room; $7.
LARKIN, 327, cor. Golden Gate— sunny j
room, $7; also housekeeping suite; gas stove, j
LARKIN, 1200, opposite Lurline Baths— Sunny
front room for 2, $9; also single rooms, $4
and up, by day, week or month.
MARKET, 1813, near Eleventh-Furnished and
unfurnished rooms; running water.
MCALLISTER. 220%— Nicely furnished single
and double rooms; reasonable; opposite City
Hall.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Second— clean single |
and double rooms; $1 a week and up; quiet j
and respectable.
NINTH, 20 — Front room, small kitchen, $9, or
single, $6 ul>.
O'FARP.ELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator, electric lights, day, week or month.
POST, 910— Sunny front room, $•'. also double
parlors; gentlemen; private flat.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER STATE House, 18-IS Mason -Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $0; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water: transients solic-
ited; restaurant. MRS. J. GALE, Proprietor.
SUTTER. 1111— Nice front suites. $12 month;
single rooms, $5; nice housekeeping suite.
TAYLOR, Nicely furnished sunny front
room for 2 gents or man and wife.
TURK. 639— Nicely furnished single and double
rooms, $6 month up; bath, gas; private.
VALENCIA, 1205. near Twenty-third— Sunny
front bay-windowed furnished room; for gen-
tleman only; rent $6.
VAN NESS. EOS— 2 large, bright, sunny parlor
suits: handsomely furnished; suitable for
physician or dentist; modern; fine location.
339 HAVES ST Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ROOMS AM) BOARD.
BUSH, 822 Handsomely furnished front bay-
window room; sunny; all the latest Improve-
ments: connecting bath: running water; first-
. class board; home cooking; down town.
HYDE, 1105 (Hotel Victoria) Nice sunny rooms;
bath. gas. telephone; with breakfast, 3: mo.
FOLSOM, Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
SOUTH PARK, l" 1 Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
SUTTER, 112 5 Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
first-class family board; nice grounds; rea-
sonable.
Tin: HEATH. 312 Eddy— Select family board- !
Ing house; first-clans all appointments; hot
water every room; home cooking; terms mod.
THE ORIEL New elegantly furnished, sunny
Market St. suites, with board for 2. $40 per
month: single rooms accordingly.
THE Bingham. RO7 California— Sunny rooms,
with good board; reasonable; home, cooking.
VAN NESS. SOS — Large sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished; excellent board; terms mod-
emte.
VAN NESS aye.. Sf>S— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
■-. ..
A LADY with experience, living In country,
would like to care for Infant: best of refer-
ences. Address J. C, Redwood City.
WANTED— To board and care for a child. 30
Willow aye., near Eddy.
ONE child boarded: lovely home and mother's
care. Box B3S. Call.
LADY would like a child or two to board;
terms reasonable. 3255 Twenty-second st.,
near Valencia.
FRENCH lady boards children or infant;
mother"s care; nice home. 11'"'7 Clay St.
ELEVENTH, 106 Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions am', nds taken.
STORKS TO LET.
A— WELL-LIGHTED basement to let; suit-
able for most any kind of business. Apply
DAVID STERN & SONS, C 36 Market St.
CITY Hall Square, 17— Large light store. $:,0.
ASHTON & GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
FOR rent In good country town. 2 small stores
finely located; cheap. Information at 636
Market St. FEDERSPIEL.
TURK, 422. near Larkin— Store, $16. ASHTON
& GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
MARKET. 1:1,4 Part of hair-dressing store;
reasonable; opposite Tenth st.
OFFICES TO LET.
3 FINE rooms on Market st.; make elegant
offices: all for $35. THE REYNOLDS CO.,
403-404 Examiner building.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, cheerful offices, $15 to $20.
SAN FRANCISCO Savings Union building-
Elegant offices for rent.
' MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
st.; pills. $1; very strong, $2: cure, $5. ;
A TREATMENT that restores nil cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
- In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
travelers helped at once: home In confine-
ment: every case guaranteed; consultation
free and confidential; self cure, $5; pills. $1.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 208 Turk st., near Jone*.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price, $150 per box, pent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
■pedal diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 33
urant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. -' ■: :.,. "'
NEW process for female trouble; no matter
from what cause; no medicine or instru-
ments used; restores in one day without fall; I
every woman her own physician: away dis-
grace: consultation free; can be sent and used
at home: pills and capsule*. $]-, cure, $,">; by
the well-known DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly alt
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly;
home In confinement: consult free: hours 10 to
fi. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Rrguro; price
$1 SO; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay ?t. ; send
2c stamp for particulars to Beguro Manu- !
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
DR~an<l MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance: terms
moderate; Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, ft boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger: safe cure: $2 60;
express C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
QSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
DR. HALL. 122S Market St.; diseases of women
and children.
MRS ARCHBARD. midwife: home In confine-
ment: confinement alone. $5. I">H Second at.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond. $35; callgraph, $2:.: Bllck,
• $22 50; get samples. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery.
PROPOSALS.
ric< '!•■ isals to light the Btreets and outlying
districts with gas and electricity. Clerk's
office, B'.ard of Supervisors. San Francisco,
July 12, ISSS. In accordance with Resolution
No. I'.KI (Fourth Series) of the Board of Su-
pervisors, sealed proposals will be received
in open session of the Board on Monday after-
noon. July 18, 1888, to light with gas and
electricity the public Btreets and outlying
I" rt. us of the city and county in districts
or the entire city and county for a period
of two (2) years, from August 1. IS9S, as
provided and hereinafter described.
The gas lamps to be erected and maintained
not to exceed 4800 and the electric liuhts not
to exceed 1000, tor which and for the conse-
quent expense provlali n will be made therefor
in the amount to be levied In the street light
fund.
The electric arc llghl . ■ f-andle power
to be placed and maintained on Market street
from the ferries to Valenci . street, will ag-
gregate fifty (60) in number, and L' 2 on Van
Ness avenue, from Market street to Broad-
way, to be located alternately on each side
of said street and avenue, on ornamental
iron poles not exceeding 2f. feet in height, the
exact location of said electric lights to n.-.
reported to the board and the same approved
prior to their erection.
The electric lights to be placed and main-
tained on Golden Gate avenue, from Market
to Devisadero street; Folsom street, from
Third t.i Twenty-sixth stp'et; Kearny and
Montgomery streets, from Market to Broad-
way; Grant avenue, from Market to Bush,
and Dupont, from Broadway to Greenwich
Btreet; Stockton street from Market to Sutter
street, and from Pacific to Union Btreet;
Montgomery avenue, from Pacific to chest-
nut street; Third and Fourth streets from
Market to Townsend; Fifth street from Mar-
ket to Bryant street, and on Sixth street,
from Market to Brannan street, lire, to be arc
lights of 2000 candle power each, to be sus-
pended from span wires ..ver the center of
each crossing and wherever poles are re-
quired the location must first be reported and
approved by this board (prior to their erection.
". he arc electric lights i:o\v erected on loca-
tions In the outlying districts on masts or
p lew forty feet in height of. 2000 candle power
each, numbering 638, to be maintained or
erected In the same locations unless changes
ol location are rdered by this board, are to
be considered :i portion of the 1000 electric
lights herein provided for.
The districts within which the streets are
to be li^-ht.M with u'a.- :ind electricity are
hereby described, as follows:
IMstrlet No. I— Beginning at the lntersec-
ti.r. of Market and Bast streets, along and
including Market to Ridley; along and includ-
ing Ridley to Mission; along and including
Thirteenth to Division; along nnd Including
Division to Channel; along a.n.l Including
Channel to the bay; along the bay line to
the point of beginning at East and Market.
District N . Bei -ining at the intersect: in
of Market and East streets, along but not
Including Market •• Ridley; along and in-
cluding Ridley westerly to Devisadero: along
and Including Devisadero to the bay: along
th. Lay line to the point of beginning at
East and Market.
IMstrlct Nf>. 3 Beginning at the northerl>
termination of Devisadero, along but not In-
cludlnc Devlsadero to Ridley; along and in-
cluding Rldlej i Buena Vista avenue; along
and including Buena Vista avenue south of
Buena Vista Park to Frederick street; along
and Including Frederick to Stanyan; along
and Including Stanyan to Fulton; along and
Including Fulton to the ocean; along the
cm •an and bay line to the point of begin-
ning.
IMstriot No. 4— Beginning at the easterly
termination of Channel street, along but not
Including Channel to Division; along but not
including Division to Thirteenth; along but
not Including Thirteenth to Ridley; along but
not Including Ridley to Buena Vista avenue;
along but not Including Buena VNta avenue
to Frederick; al ng but not including Fred-
'■'■ to II str'.'-t ; along and including H
t to I can; along the ocean line to
t!..- San Mateo County line; along the S:in
Mate. i C iunty line t i the bay; along the bay-
line to point of beginning.
Sped neat I. ns: Qaa The gas to he furnish-
ed to bo of a standard quality and illumin-
ating power of not less than seventeen can-
dles, said illuminating power to be deter-
i .-'.-1 by tests made by the gas inspector
in his office, who will use for said tests such
burners as will obtain from the pas the
greatest amount of light, imo* practicable for
use by the ■■. nsumer, and consuming at the
rate • feet of gas per 1. ir
Lamp p its and lamps— The lamp posts to
be used to be of the same material and not to
be less In height than the lamp posts now In
use, nnd to be erected and lighted at such
! "atlons as may be designated by the board,
umber of lamp posts to be. erected
,-■• ■! maintained during the continuance of the
■ I raiti t shall not . xo< ■•'. 1800 In all, and to
be ■■!<• ted and maintained at ..r contiguous
to the ;:• •:• I itions of street lamps
:••.! throughout the city and county, ex.
eept th" locations wherein the streets or por-
tions of streets an- t" be lighted by elec-
tricity, and at I tlon as may ! c
lgnated by the board, the board to have th«-
riu-ht to change the location of th" Fame fr..m
time to time upon payment of the actual
■ r-t of lnb'.r and material in making saM
changes or removals. When lamps are <.r-
dered t.. be erected In certain sections of the
city where no mains are laid then the mains
si'n'l be extended or arrangements male by
which the lighting ..i" said sections of the city
Fl.ail be effected, but In no event shall more
lights lie erected than can be paid for out of
the fund provided for street lighting during
the fiscal year.
' in pi The lamps to he similar to those
n )\v in use, or such as may be approved by
the b.nr.l. and the burner to be used In the
lamps In lighting the public streets to con-
• of n single burner of the same size
i. w used In the main thon ughfares. The
burners of the various lamps to average a
sumption of not less than five cubic feet
p.-r hour.
The lamp posts, lamps, service plP*"-'. mains
and all appurtenances incidental nnd neces-
sary to ci mplete and equip the lamps ready
for lighting to be furnished by the successful
bidders, who shall erect, maintain arc! keep
the same In proper condition and repair.
I.iirhtlng lamps— The lart lamp on each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted one hour aftei
sun-- r at '. • ■ t•■ extinguished one-half hour
before sui • I that during the night
of full moon, the night preceding and the
night following oo lamps shall be li^-h:- I
S[,e. -.:■ na Electric lirhts -The poles,
wires, conductors, lamps, carbon electrodes
and each -'■' I even Lppllanee, article or ;:p-
paratua which a be • ■ essary for electric,
lighting to be furnished and erected and
k>-j't In go 'd order and condition by the »uc-
il bidder.
i ha wires and conductors to be thoroughly
insulat'-d and placed in such locations nnd In
sii<h manner as will prevent th»m from be-
ing tampered with or handled by any unau-
thorised person nr pert ns; It being distinct-
ly underst I 1 t the city and county shall
noi be responsible, bul m;;st be held harm-
•,-t any claim for damages for any
Inju- hich may be occasioned
by the wires or conductors, ".r:d against any
claim for damages by reason of any in-
fringement of any patent right In the use
of the lamps, machinery or appliances con-
nected with the said electric light.
The said masts to i rected and maintain-
ed .it or contiguous to the present locations
of the masts erected throughout the city and
county, with the distinct understanding that
the board reserves the right to change the
locations of n nl designate the character and
power of the plei trie lights and the height
of the mast to be used at any particular lo-
cation during the continuance of the con-
I upon the payment of the actual cost of
labor and materials In making said changes
or removals.
The electric lights to be provided are as
follows:
Six hundred and thirt v-elcht masts not
exceeding i n feet high, 2000 candle power are
lights; SO poles not exceeding ZS feet In
height on Market street from the ferries to
Valencia str.-et: :::: pole* not exceeding 23 feet
in height on Van Ness avenue, from Market
Ftreet to Broadway; 263 lights suspended over
the center ot streets herein designated, to be
hereafter apportioned or erected at such other
locations at may be designated by this board.
In ease any additional lieh's are needed
the Fame to be erected at such locations ns
may be determined by the Committee on
Street Lights, under the direction of the Board,
and shall '.-.c furnished when required during
the continuance of the contra t. but In no
event shall more lights be erected than can
be paid for out of the fund provided for
■treet lighting during the fiscal year.
The lamps to be lighted during the entire
night from one hour after suns.-t until one-
half hour before sunrise; except that during
the night of full moon, the night preceding
and the night following, no lamps shall be
lighted.
Provided that the nine <'•) lamps In China-
town shall be lighted each and every nigtit.
Genera] provisions— AH the lamps to be kept
In proper condition ami cleaned at least twice
in each week, a;vl at each of said cleanings
all the glass shall be thoroughly cleaned
both on the inside and outside of the lamp,
and all dust and dirt shall be brushed from
thr frani'-s. The lamps are to be repaired
and reglased within twenty-four hours after
any portion of the same Is broken.
Street si^ns- The names of streets, places
nnd alleys to be painted on the gas and elec-
tric lamps throughout the city nnd county
at Btreet crossings, main and subdivision
street Intersections and at the intersections
of places and alleys with the main streets;
at main street crossings two names on each
lamp, at intersections of main streets not
les- than two names on each lamti; at Inter-
sections of eubdlvisinn streets, places or al-
leys not less than two names on each lamp
Trie letter, color, style and location of the
names op the lamps to be approved or desig-
nated by the Board of Bupervla irs. The
mimes of streets, etc., on each lamp to be
kept clean and in position so as to be plain-
ly visible, and within twenty-four hours In
case of breakage to be repaired and the
name or names repainted thereon, and In no
event ore the. lamps to be turned so as to
misplace the names of the strests as Indicated
on each of them.
No compensation snail be allowed for any
lamp or lnmps. either gas or electric light
ax iept BUOh as shall be lighted during the
whole, time provided in the foregoing speci-
fications under whleh a contract may be
awarded; also, that within three days prior
to the expiration of each month the gas
inspector shall furnish the parties to whom
the contruot Is awarded the time during
which the lnmps Fha.ll be lighted and extin-
guished each and every night and morning of
the succeeding month. All bills of the sue-
. BSSful bidders, upon the execution of a con-
tract and the performance in compliance
therewith, shall bo presented and paid month-
ly at the end of each calendar month.
Notice to bidders- Bidders will estimate and
bid a price per lamp per night, for which
they will furnish, trect, repair and keep In
good repair and condition all lamp posts,
masts, poles, wires, lamps, services, street
signs and appurtenances, furnish gas and
electric light on all streets, places and al-
leys act ordlng to the foregoing specifications,
as follows:
Firs'— Bidders will estimateand elate a price
PROPOSALS Continued. |
per night for each gas lamp and each electric
light in each of the districts described with
the understanding that both gas and elec-
tricity will be used In the lighting of each
i district.
Second— Bidders will also estimate and state
a price per night for each gas lamp and each
electric light to light the entire city and j
county as designated and required by these ;
specifications.
The board reserves the right to award a
contract to light each district with gas and ;
electricity, or to light with gas and elec-
tricity the entire city and county, to the low-
est responsible bidder.
No bids will be received or entertained
from parties who estimate on any contingent
event, or who cannot comply with, or who are ;
net prepared or qualified to carry out, the
terms and conditions herein imposed.
Bidders will be required to deposit with the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors a certified
check, drawn to the order of the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, to be approved by
! said Clerk, upon some bank in the City and ■
i County of San Francisco, in the sum of ten
thousand ($10,000) dollars gold coin, condi-
tioned if the proposal is accepted and the
contract awarded; and if the bidder shall
fail or neglect to execute a written contract
therefor and give a good and sufficient bond,
with two sureties. In the sum of thirty-
five thousand (535.000) dollars for the proper
fulfillment of said contract, within ten days
after the award Is made, then and In that
case the said sum shall be paid into the
City and County Treasury by said Clerk as
liquidated damages for such failure and neg- ,
lect.
Blank proposals furnished by the Clerk.
It is also to be distinctly understood that
the board reserves the right to reject all •
bids If the public good so requires.
Also that the party or parties to whom a
contract is awarded will be required, prior to
or at the time of execution of the contract,
to pay the cost of advertising this notice In
three daily newspapers.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
CONTRACTORS— Bids wanted on 100.000 yards
canal excavation In Oregon: send for specifi-
cations. (i. W. McCOY. 34 East Thirteenth i
St.. Portland. Or. ______
PERSONALS.
JOSEPH GREVEN, vocal teacher, 1236 Market
St.. is preparing for different concerts and
operatic performances of next season, where
several of his pupils will sing leading parts:
participants of a large mixed chorus class
pay- $1 monthly In advance.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
HAIR which Is oily is generally healthy; 25c j
is all I charge for up-to-date halrdresslng; ,
good switches $1: best finest quality $3 50;
extra heavy long $6: open Sundays 0 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
QUINONIA Is a perfect hair tonic, 35c bot-
tle. O. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
LITHO engraving battle-ship Maine, framed
and unframed; framing with glass 7x9 Inches.
10c: Bxlo and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16, 20c;
14x17, 25c: 15x20, 30c; ISx22. Sic; 20x24. 45c; 22x
2S, 60c; curtain poles complete, 15c: rm. mold-
ing.all colors. ft;open eve. Jones. s47 Mission.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Thin 1 St.. near Market: 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night- *1 50 to $8 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 579 Geary st. |
CONTRACTOR for sinking wells and drifting
tunnels for water. J. <'. 408% Grove st.
J. HAUPTLI'S Hair Store has removed to 1036
Market; huirdressing, popular prices.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUXKE, 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy instalments. L.
T MOS, 1117 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
; 4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
DRESSMAKERS. .
! SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College 91<i Market St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROFESSOR OMAR
The Occult Wonder
323— Eddy 5t.— 325.
Always See the Best.
Gives invaluable advice on all affairs of
life, love, business, marriage, divorce, etc.,
unites separated, causes speedy marriages,
removes domestic trouble, etc.; full names,
dates, facts. in all cases; fee, $1 and $2;
satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and second
sight; diagnose disease, full life reading; la. i
50c, gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1104 Market st.
(Vendome building)— Trance medium; unites
the separated; chances luck: locates burled j
treasures; letters answered; inclose stamp.
MME. LENEMAR fortune by planets; predict-
ed In '74 overdue Btmr. people on Island. 23%
] sixth, room fi.
WILL be absent from city for short time:
watch for announcement of my return. MRS.
, DR. F. CLARK. 1206 Market st.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 14* Sixth St., room 10. ,
MME. MOREAU best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune .
teller, has opened an office at 31." O'Farrell st. I
i MME. STBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. Bo; ladles. 914 O'Farrel! St.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession; never fails: advice; help. 929 Pout st.
SPIRITUALISM.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate writing me-
dium. 118 Height Ft.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
' ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
PALMISTRY.
MRS CHANDLER— Sunday eve. 305
Larkln: readings daily at res.. 353 Geary st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
NEW assortment of catchy comedy pieces and
latest war recitations for parlor, platform o»
stage use, taught by Mrs. Klncald at her
school of elocution and expression. >!cazar
building, 120 O'Farrell st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. :
Individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50; low rates per week and month.
MR. AND MRS. DICKINSON' Academy. 1247
Franklin st.: co-edueatlonal hoarding and day
school: complete English. French, German
and Spanish education, art, $30.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph.B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton.
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley: write forclrcular.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.:
I est. 1«64 VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
I BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculations, taught In
shortest time. TARR. 572 Parrott building,
LEO COOPER'S school of acting, elocution,
pantomime and stage .technique. Sl4 Geary Bt.
: SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
LOST.
JULY 14, 12 p. m.. gold chain pocketbook at
Haas' candy store. Return to Haas' candy
store and receive liberal reward.
| LOST — On last Wednesday evening, plain gold i
ring with Inscription; neighborhood of Lar-
kln and Geary sts. Reward at 903 Larkln st.
Reddish brown English pug, half-breed;
valued gift of departed soldier; liberal re- j
' ward. 915 Polk st.
LOST— A diamond locket; letters O. S. on back.
Return to Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific St., f
I and receive liberal, reward.
LOST— July 15, blue ' Dane pup, white star on
breast: liberal reward. Return to 2616 La- '
Kuna »t. .
LOST— lrish setter dog, July 9; answers to
Dash; liberal reward. 444 Sixth st.
LOST— brown purse, with name Jennie
Nacker. Return to 1234 Ellis st. Reward.
LOST Pug dog 3 months old. Please return
to 732 Ivy aye.
BUNCH of 22 keys. Return to Milk Depot, cor.
Third and Howard Fts., and receive reward.
FOUND.
FOUND — Newfoundland dogs; owner can
have same by paying expenses. 24 Lily aye.
*~~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market Bt.
ALL private law cases, Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103 Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Bpreckeli bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. F.
STACK. 14 McAllister St.: room 64.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
. j«« Mri'-lift: diseases of women a. specialty.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A WESTERN Addition snap; a most~desTrable
northwest residence corner 62x137:6, includ-
ing residence; all street work done and cement
sidewalk laid; cost over $25,000: price $13,000;
without house (owner removing same), $12,-
400; terms, cash J5OOO, balance mortgage 6<4
per cent; flats can be erected to pay 12 to 15
per cent on Investment. Address box 18,
Call office. ;
FOR sale— Twenty-first St., nr. Bryant; 7-room
cottage; open, to-day from 1 to 4 p. m. J.
FLAHERTY, Builder, 1207 Market, nr. Sth.
3 $500 LOTS with house for $600. THISTLETON,
272 Sadowa St., Ocean View.
100 ACRES or more In Visitation Valley, San
Mateo County, on county line. Inquire 546
Clay st.
CHEAPEST and' best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage |
paid.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
J. CALLAGHAN, real estate dealer, notary
public: property looked after. 814 Broadway.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
RESIDENCE: 9 rooms; bath: barn; large lawn;
tennis court; conservatory; tent oheap; cen-
tral; 559 24th St.. nr. Grove. Apply owner, R.
FRANK. Oakland Pickle Fact.. 1622 Grove.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED S-room house: nice grounds; cen-
tral; to let. Z., box 12. Call office. Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
FINE sunny suite; also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORNE, 563 Eighth St.
ALL conveniences; new furniture ' housekeeping
or single: board optional; $3 month up. 670
Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. 11. SCHELL-
II A AS' old store. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— house and bath: lot 50x150: good
location; 6 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapin st.
FOR sale Immediately, cheap, house and lot
35x115; 5 rooms and bath; all new Improve-
ments; 2 blocks from 'Jrand-st. Station; 1825
Pacific aye., Alameda. GEO. SCHNEIDER,
Alameda. »
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— COST $3500. ~
Must be sold: house of 7 rooms and bath;
corner lot 50x125; street work done; close to
U. C. : come and pee us. O. G. MAY & CO.,
2123 Center st., Berkeley.
GREAT Bargains— s2ooo, S-room house, lot GOx
137:6, rented for $22: 1 block from station: also
6-room cottage, $13:,0. FREESE & CODING-
TON. 2113 Stanford place, opp. Berkeley Sta.
BEHKELICV HOUSES.
RENT $35; 8-room house, partly furnished:
shade trees: lovely home place. Apply 2207
Blake St.. block east of Dwlght way Station. I
FRUITVALE COTTAGES.
PRETTY cottage and garden; 7 rooms, bath;
$lfi; best of locations. Vi block from electric
cars; 1257 27th aye., Fruit vale; references re-
quired. Inquire 1064 Tenth aye.. East Oakland.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A COTTAGE In Los Gatos for rooming-house.
ROGERS & HYDE, 1206 Market st.
A FINE house and lot in Oakland (clear) for
.Ban Francisco property: will assume mort-
gage. ROGERS A- HYDE, 12(V Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without '
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper.
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all businesa
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & Co., 230 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94$ Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland: no. re-
moval: low rat"s: no commission: $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 0% per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
SECOND mortgages & undivided Interests in
estates a specialty. MURPHY, 636 Market st. I
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest rates; j
no commission; private. .116 McAllister st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.:
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for ?1 5" a vpar.
LEGAL NOTICES.
IN the Court of Common Pleas No. 1 for the I
County of Philadelphia and Commonwealth j
of Pennsylvania. December term, 1597. No.
3!sVi. In divorce— EDWAßD A. THELLER I
vs. MARY K. THELLER.
To MARY K. THELLER— Madam: This is
to notify you that your husband, EDWARD j
A. THELLER, has made application In the '
above case for a divorce a. v. m. on the
ground of adultery and willful an.l malicious
desertion. The undersigned has been ap-
pointed Master by the above Court and will
hold a meeting at his offices, Nos. 824 and 525 '
Stephen Glrard Building. Twelfth street I
above Chestnut street. • Philadelphia, Perm- j
sylvania, on Thursday. August 4th. A D I
1898, at 1C o'clock a. m.. at which time and i
place you may appear In person or by coun- !
eel to show cause. If any you have, why such '
a divorce should not be granted against you
FREDERICK A. SOBERNHEIMER,
Master.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of AMELIA V
R. PIXLEY, deceased.
Notice Is hereby given by the undersigned.
executors of the will of AMELIA V. R. PIX-
LEY, deceased, to the creditors of nnd all per-
sons having claims against the said deceased, '
to exhibit them with the necessary vouchers j
within ten months after the first publication of i
this notice, to the said executors at their office
No. 2 Montgomery street, city and county of
San Francisco, State of California, the same
being their place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate In the city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
F. D. CURTIS,
THE UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN !
FRANCISCO.
Executors of the Will of AMELIA V. R. PIX-
LEY, Deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, June 15. IS3S.
NOTlCE— Assessment Book. of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1893.— Office, of the Clerk of
Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, City Hall building, second
floor. July 6, IS9B.
Public notice Is hareby given, In accordance
wuii section No. 3654 of the Political Code,
that the Assessment Book of the City and
County of Sun Francisco, for the fiscal year
IK9S, has been completed and delivered to me.
as Clerk of the 1 ard of Super _ors, together
with the map books and statements, and will
be open for examination In this. office from 9
o'clock a. m. to 4 o'clock p. m., and that *ald
Board of Supervisors met to examine the As-
sessment Book and equalize the assessment of
property therein, on Tuesday afternoon, July
5, MM, at 2 o'clock, and will mereafter con-
tinue in session from time to time until the
business of euuaUzatlon presented to them la
disposed of, but not later than the ISth day of '
July, 1198.
Applications for correction of assessment of !
real estate and personal property are required I
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given that, In accord-
ance with sections 1597. 1599 _nd 3654 of the
Political Code, the Military Roll has been com-
pleted, delivered over to me, and is now open
for examination and correction, as provided by
law. JN^. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
NOTICE to creditors.— Estate of JANE C
TEMPLE, deceased. Notice is hereby given
by the undersigned administratrix of the es-
tate of JANE C. TEMPLE, deceased, to the
creditors of and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers within four
months after the first publication of this no-
tice to the said administratrix at the office
of M. Stuart Taylor. City Hall, Alameda,
■ • which the said office the undersigned se-
lects as her place of business in all matters
connected with said estate of JANE C. TEM-
PLE, deceased.
MARTHA E. SCHILLER, administratrix of
the estate of JANE C. TEMPLE, deceased.
Dated Alameda. June 30, 1893.
M. STUART TAYLOR, attorney for estate.
NOTICE to creditors— Estate of JAMES E
HOWLAND, deceased. Notice Is hereby given
by the undersigned administratrix of the above-
nkmed deceased, to the creditors of, and a'l
persons having claims against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit thorn with the necessary
vouchers, within four' months after the first
publication of this notice, to the said adminis-
tratrix, at the "'Hoe of James Hayes & Co..
108 Clay St., the same being the place for the
transaction of the business of the said es-
tate in the City, and County of San Francisco.
State of California.
ALICE B. CHIPPERFTELD. administra-
trix of the estate of the above-named de-
ceased.
Dated San Francisco, June 30, 1898.
«- ix DUKE, attorney for administratrix.
STORAGE.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
1 FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, S4O Mission st. ; tel. Mint 182 L
4 MARKET ST.— Uranch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions talken.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Alfred W. Dennis.. and Ellen Barber 41-31
Frank F. Freeman and Mattie N. Hall .. 39-30
Irwln E. Athey and Lizzie Young 25-20
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
HORN.
KNIF.F— In this city. June 23, 1898, to the wife
of H. J. Knief, a daughter.
MELLEN— In this city, July S, 1898, to the wife
of J. S. Mellcn. a son.
DIED.
Blake, Eva M. Haskell, Harry H.
Creely, Margaret Hughes, Captain W.
Da.lv, Mrs. Mary Jordan, Annie
Elvers. Catherine Mills. William J.
Frommholz, Rosa Morton, Lucetta
Fraser, James G. Polkinghorn, John H.
Furniss. Annie Richardson, John
Graham, George Russel, Mr. John
Green, Thurlow W. Scarpa, George
Grote, Miss Sophie Shannon. James R.
Hansen. Katherlne stowell. Albert
Harris. Hannah Westerfield. Charleg
Harris, Hanchen Winkle, William
BLAKE— In this city, July 13, 1898, Eva M..
wife of A. S. Blake, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 44 years. A member of the Wo-
man's Press Club of this city. She leaves a
large circle of relatives and friends to mourn
her loss, having endeared herself to all by
her unvarying sweetness and patience during
two years of constant suffering. (Boston and
Santa Cruz papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
private.
CREELY— this city, July 14, 1898, Margaret,
beloved wife of James Creely, mother of Dr.
E. J., J. H.. Margaret, Anna, Cassle, Tom
and George Creely. and Filter of Dan, John,
James and Annie McCarty and Mrs. Crowell,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 50
years 2 months and 14 days.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 916 Florida street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DALY — A solemn requiem anniversary mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Mrs. Mary Daly, dearly beloved
wife of Cornelius Daly, at St. i: —'s Church,
this day (Saturday), commencing at 9
o'clock.
EIVERS— this city, July 14, 1898, at her
residence, 4021 Eighteenth street, Catherine,
dearly beloved Wife of Joseph W. Eivers, and
dearly beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
P. R. Zimmerman, ared 31 years and 2
months.
lC"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend toe funeral tomorrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to Mission Dolores Church.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FROMMHOLZ- In Posen, Germany. June 25,
1898, Rosa, beloved wife of Lewin Fromm-
holz, and mother of Mrs Ferd Backsteln,
Mrs. Sam I'lrich and Paula, Simon, U iritz,
Sam and [sldor Frommholz, a. native of
.Prussia, aged 62 years.
FRASER- In this city. July IS, 1898, James G.,
beloved husband of Ida Fraser, and father of
Howard Fraser, a native of Nova Scotia,
aged 56 years 11 months and 4 days. A mem-
ber of Yerba B len i Lodge No. 15, I. O. < >. F.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Memorial Hall,
Odd Fellows' building. Seventh and Market
streeis. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FURNISS— In this city, July I.', 1898, Annie,
beloved wife of Geonre E. Furniss, and
mother of Mrs. Henry Dean of Ukial and
William Furniss. a native of New York, aged
, 4 years 4 months and 12 days.
GRAHAM— In this city. July 15. ISOS. George,
beloved brother of tb£ late Crawford Gra-
ham, and uncle of Phoebe and Lottie Gra-
ham, a native of Ontario, Canada, aged 5G
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
South San Francisco. Interment Masonic
; Cemetery.
i GREEN— In this city, July 15. I-''-. Thurlow
William Hermann, beloved son of Thomas
and Ellen Green, a native of San Franoiico,
! aged 4 years 10 months and 1 day.
J GROTE— A month's mind mass of requiem will
be said in St. Mary's Church, corner of Cali-
fornia and Dupont streets, this day (Satur-
day), at 9 o'clock, for the repose of the soul
of Miss Sophie Grote.
HANSEN— In this city. July 15, 1898, Kather-
ine. beloved wife of Captain Louis Hansen,
a native of Norway, aged 34 years.
(E7"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr &
Co.. 1209 Mission street, near Eighth.
HARRIS— In this city, July 15, IS9B Hancben
Harris, beloved mother of Jacob Harris, Mrs.
Tina Wolff and A. Harris of San Luis Obis-
po, a native of Germany, aged M years.
HASKELL— In this city, July 14. 1898, Harry
-pi. urn. husband of Lottie Palmadge Has-
kell, father of Ernestine and Stacy Hep-
burn HaskeU, son of Mr. and Mrs.' D. H.
Haskell of California and Webster streets,
and brother of Mrs. Philip Verrill Mighela
of London, Dudley HaskeU, Mrs. Franklin B.
Poore and Mrs. John Charles Adams of Oak-
land, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged 35
years. . •
£7" The funeral services will take placo
in Sacramento.
HUGHES— In this city, July 15, 1888, Captain
William Hughes, beloved father of Samuel
M.. Lillie M.. 7. ■■ v. . Nellie. William Jr..
Julia R. and Harry G. Hughes, a native of
Wales, aged 6S years.
* " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, trom his late r>-sl-
. dence,. 530 Lexington avenue, between Twen-
tieth and Twenty-first streets. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JORDAN— In this city. July 15. 1898, Annie,
.. beloved wife of . John Jordan, and mother
of Margaret, Annie and James Gaynor, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 49 years.
MILLS— In Napa City, Cal.. > William tfames,
; dearly beloved son. of John and Agnes. Mills,
and brother of Agnes, Charles, Annie and
Maude Mills and Mrs. -Allison Mersereau, a
native of Toronto, Canada, aged 19 years 6
months and .'24 days.
MORTON— In this city, July 15, 1898, Lucetta.
wife of John Morton, a native of Ellsworth,
...Me., aged 7S years.'
ICTThe funeral Will take place _ to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the northwest
corner of Taylor and Ellis streets. Friend 3
are Invited. Interment private. No flowers.
POLKINGHORN— In this city." July 14. 18*.
John Henry, beloved husband of Celia Polk-
inghorn. and father of Raphael Polk,inghorn,
a native of England, aged 34 yeaTs.
Interment to-morrow } (Sunday.),.' at
Grass Valley.
RICHARDSON— In this city. July 15. 1898, John,
beloved husband of Elizabeth Richardson,
and father of. A. .W., John J. and Georde F.
Richardson and Mrs. Mary Wallace, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 67 years 7 months arid
15 days. . - . , . , ■*- V
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RUSSEL-i-This day (Saturday), at 9 o'clock,
a mass of requiem will be said In St. Mary's
Church, corner ,of California and .Dupont
streets, for the repose of the soul of Mr.
Jphn Bussel.
SCARPA -p-In this city, July IS. 1898, George,
beloved husband of Ellen Scarpa. and father
of Mrs. A. Blanchard, Mr.- T. Debenedettl,
Mrs. M. Martin. Mrs. E. Kull, Mrs. J. My-
rick and Paul, Michael and Joseph Scarpa, a
native of Venice, aged 76 veara 9 months and
8 davit.
•""^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his daughter, Mrs. E. Kull. 5237V4 Sixteenth
street. Interment Halfmoon Bay. via 10:40
o'clock train. S. P. Co., to Ban Mateo.
SHANNON— In this city. July 14. 1898, Jarass
Raymond, beloved son of Charles and Mary
Shannon, and brother of Harold Shannon,
a native of San Francisco, aged 7 years 11
months and 25 days.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the rarents. 8 Oak Grove avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STOWELL— In this city. July 16. 1898, Albert.
Stowell. Company E. Seventh Regiment, Cali-
fornia Volunteers, nephew of Mrs. Edward
Applegarth and Alfred Hoppen, aged 19 years
10 months and 24 days.
WESTERFIELD— In Oakland, July 15, 1898,
Charles, beloved husband of Louise Wester-
field, and father of Samuel and James Wester-
■ field, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 47
years 6 months and 11 days.
WINKLE— In Sonoma, July 14, 1898, William
Winkle, beloved brother of Alice Winkle,
Mrs; Martha Adler and the late Henry Win-
kle, a native of Hesse-Cassel, Germany,
aged 64 years 3 months and 2 days.
(E7"Frlends a acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Halsted & Co. 948 Mission street. Intar-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, •
FUNEKAL DIEECTOKS it, i-idiJALMERi
|IU iiITH ST., Opp. Lincols Seliojl.
> Telephone, South 3(1.
Estab. 1868 Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. (Spacious chapel for lilt mi
of our patrons. Rubber tlrea on our ambulanc*.
1314
f H~H-H-D--H-B-D*a!-EF/ L H-E-*l-H-ai-B-n-H-a-a £Z A i^f T|3| r^ A X/^Qb. B-H-B-H-H-H-0-B-B-H-H— ■"■-■-■-■-■-■
I I The Least Damagefl Portions I v ". ° I You Reap the Benefit ?
: » Siminoff Cloak Factory ? |11l ll yULt uAllUlAlllu! ° The Loss Paid by the In " ■
I I Stock Now Reached. I s^^ g^^ s^^ . " 2 surance Companies, i
| i-.--.a-- — __ li _ M __ _ M _ DAY WE SELECT FOR CLEARANCE a - ■ -.-—— —.-—.-— -.-—«--
* n^fl f^«-* «. «.<!•*«. AM i I variety of lines from the least damage! portions of ¥ -j;^^' Clu^ IS/«T!^4^?
I LIO3K IICpSnIUCUI ! the SIMINOFF Cloak- Factory stock of Cloaks, Suits, LaOSeS JlMi WalSlS!
| Skirts and Cloak and Dress Materials, and in con- —
i I^AFSIFS' CAPES. nnntinn iirith thorn nm alcn lmritn attantinn tn a 'i'ir DIES ' percale shirt waists in fancy pi«ia». yoke back, res-
1 «uJ^uamM* *m «— nection with them we also invite attention to a ■** „,„ Pr , M^^^u^^ua^ „^
® $i.y3 with lace, necks finished with silk and lace, worth J6 50; sale PRT7 A T PIIRPI-TA^F nf I ADIP^' :
price $2 95 each. uRILn. 1 OFULI/iL* 1 U ilUllrlOil/ Ul L»riLJ 1 il/>J Oil 1111 "^^r LADIES 1 FANCY STRIPED SHIRT WAISTS, blouse front, yoke
<J> $3.95 LADIES' BLACK SILK CAPES, lined with silk, empire backs. WAISTS, which we secured at figures that enable back regular price 75c; will be placed on sale at ** .
handsomely beaded and braided, necks finished with lace and rib- VV AIO lUj Wlllllli Wu oULjllluU. Cl L llLjllltjO LULL L DIIUJJIU ' i —
f hon. worth >7 50: sale price S5 each no +n nffon thorn at > n ladies- FANCY checked shirt WAISTS In pink, blue ana lav-
0 ' liJ lU Ullljl lllCill CLL UUC ender, latest style make, regular price $1; will be placed on special
LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS, —""*
V OC/« LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, lined with f^ 1 HPt A. C^ \ \ IT% *~. *Jl C^ H 9 i «. t »T~>rr'a> pt Am cmtJT TOAraTO in .it ».^ «i«~ ,i*. . ,
| 95C — "° and bound with velvet, v on,, SI 50; sale price a, each. I J||"Q Ihot W|i I ,f||T|f|Al /I 1/1 fl 1(1 S/SiPf ! 60C *«^ £££ Ss££ Scl »f JE£l"£i pTac^otT.^"'.'^?. 11 " 11 -
® C| Cfk LADIES' BLACK FIGURED MOHAIR DRESS SKIRTS, double WbJ'&^ JL 5.lC* 1- If AjLSL W \/l.*A 1/ Wl. O- J.I.CJI fl/ ill L'ilJiVl •
T «I)I» Jw lined and bound with velvet, worth $2 50; sale price $1 50 each. j[ JL
® '■ HTl r LADIES' CHAMBRAY SHIRT WAISTS in plain colors of pink and
© m.^ RA LADIES' BLACK ALPACA DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere etripes, ===================== — — ■. — / Jl/ ' blue, pointed yoke with blouse front, regular price $1 25; will be
V vJJvJ. •3\J double lined and bound with velvet, worth $5; sale price $3 50 each. , . . placed on special sale at 75c.
r. $4- =>() LADIES ' BLACK MOIRE SILK DRESS SKIRTS, bayadere stripes, I AlAfp/1 |(fPQQ IfAOflQ' Rl/SflC Hf*PW Ifftft/lS '
© vJJ^.^JV double lined and bound with velvet, worth $6 50; sale price $4 50 Vlllvi Vit l/IvJJ liUl/U»3« U'iUWll 1/1 V«3iJ UVUUtJ I __ LADIES FINE PERCALE AND GINGHAM SHIRT WAISTS, mad*
0 each. ■ /JC in the latest style, regular price 5125; will be placed on special
® Cfi OH LADIES ' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with _. __ »tt ttt^t ITPt ,, v OPJr 2000 yards 37-INCH ENGLISH CREPONS, sale at 75c.
V vJJU.W silk and bound with velvet, worth $10; sale price $6 each. 35C 42 pieoes /jjxed SUITING it ? , slightly damaged; worth 60c; sale • price 25c :—: —
1 7= o LADIES' BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, lined with effects; re ujax' price $1 a yard; wiU^ofS y^ ___ $|.00 p^^lhSand Stripes SS^prfceittS^^LiS
® <&I.DV percallne and bound with velvet, worth $12 50; sale price $7 50 at 35c a yard. Cf| r 1000 yards 54-INCH CHEVIOT; worth $1; sale vw rancy plaids, checks and stripes, regular price II 60. will be placed
(i) each. m mZZ prlce 50c yard - special .ale atjl^
'* $R LADIES> BLACK BROCADED SILK DRESS SKIRTS, double lined „ TVrH attwo^t omTPH \l ftO 7r '° yards 66-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL £|/)n LADIES' FINE PERCALE SHIRT WAISTS, deep yoke, with full
1 CJJO.3U and bound with velvet , worth $13 50; sale price $5 50 each. 75q TWEED SUITING* ntw matures- fo^mS I#UU ENGLISH CHEVIOT; regular price $1 50; $I.UU blouse, regular price $1 50; will be placed on special sale at Jl.
V — price $1 50 a yard"; on special sale at -- a yard. sale price $1 yard '
>. I>rice $1 50 a yard; on special sale at <oc a yard. !
X ¥ A rvHIZTO* oiTirno <i') Art 1500 yards 62-INCH FINE ENGLISH YE- TC LADIES' FINE MADRAS WAISTS in small checks and plaids.
V Li/VOllHv^ I C^. ■ q>^.V/V NETIAN, for tailor-made suits; worth j >J>l»*J pointed yoke back, regular price $1 75; will be placed on sale at
/^ »-4 i-» ■ *-*. v/^» i v_y« $3 50; sale price $2 yard $125.
A $5 00 LADIES< S " ITS , in brown mixtures, ny front ' Jacket lined with silk |- - r 29 pieces 56-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENG- — =
t pUfe^ea^i V 6tl W ° rth $1 ° : Sa ' e ! ' 5C {™ MELT °^ SUITING; extra value £ ° QPRPm It SI 7E? LADIES' BLACK WAISTS, made of fine quality sateen, made In
1 price $o each. $1 50 a yard; will be offered at ,oc a yard: fc!3 M^ IIL <i-> I /-\ JL-_/ • v31.-fc3 latest style, regular price $1 75; will be placed on sale at $1 25.
X C 7 KA LADIES' NAVY BLUE CLOTH SUITS, fly front. Jackets bound j REMNANTS AND DRESS LENGTHS will be closed
V <" •<~»v with braid and lined with silk serge, skirts double lined and -— out at half-price. ' <£| C/\ LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, made of fine quality organdie and per-
® bound with velvet, worth $12 50; sale price $7 50 each. * vJ>l-v_»VF cale, regular price $2; will be placed on sale at $1 50.
i 7tZ n 31 pieces 52-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL BROWN ; r»«t!_ WY , 1 : ■
© / vJI» MIXED COVERT CLOTH, summer colorings; V_ _I Ir E MAtT!l a T!i!*'>J'rrlrll Ail T ~~~ r
i jtfk • worth $1 50 a yard; on special sale at 75c a! _jl_i_l_ isvl/dLI ill- Villa Jft •
I &b':*L ' r Or << '' 00 sa rds BLACK FIGURED TAFFETA f^<
(i; m_* :^__ " i SILK, 24 inches wide; worth 75c; will-be closed
r <5 /^■■•l& Cl AA 22 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL BROWN out at c '" c a v;lrd - ft /^teb_
V *k _ 1 //f/ /f Via V&..V/U MIXED COVERT SUITING, extra value for ~ -^ T / /S\tM
© /ft /ft _w<l V°Pvy fef _• $1 75 a yard; will be offered at $1 a yard. l^C 400 yards BLACK BROCADED SATIN, small f\ /\ Jk ' *mA/¥ iS _ ■
j /I}/ Ij //])* V-*M Mr _r -. * and medium designs; worth $1; will be closed /g / 1 Jrnh fwl" 1 ¥ ¥ -
k i/| f IV^\/ /l^/j l^^! A^W n^ $1.00 19 Vl-"-"V 1 -"-" 56 ' INC ? 1 ALL-WOOL BRONZE CS3C heavy quality; worth $1 25;' will be clo'sed^oiU IM « i%jfL.// >?/_// /?/!/$ /¥Mf
1 Xg^l^rMw/fc^ yard; on S pec,^.t U a W a. jSl.O'OgU^'^f^S^^J^g''.
® /0/ hs*^** / T^r 2T P lf " rf>s &4-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL BLUE ff;j C F,OO yards PLAID TAFFETA SILK medium / M /nT®^^ 1
© / /// >©"«•«.» i tit in* _ C_ / MIXED COVERT SUITING, extra value for i-^I.AJ and i arpe designs; worth $165; will be closed /&/£?„ < .., /
1 /#/# Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / $1 25 > yard; onjpeclal__ale at ,5c a yard. j out at Jl 25 a yard. I & S Market, Jones and McAllister Sts . /
L If IJ r San Franrl^co. / STORE OPBN UIN TIL* 10 O'CLOCK SATURDAY EVENING. I^l^ San Francisco. /
® — S l —®— (_)-- ®— ®— ® — ®— ®— @— ®—^S>— S>— (£—<?■— <sV-®—<s)— (s — <j>— ®— @— ®— ®— <^v- ®—^— («>_(s_o_<^— (?;— o_o_ ®_ ®— (s — o-^>— ®h_>— ®— ®-^?v— ®— (S>— ®— ®—^j)— (S)— <s)hs>hShs)^^ ®~o— (_>— ® — ®— ® — ® — ®-h®— <5>~(5)— ®— «v-
TELLS WHY
CALIFORNIA
WAS IGNORED
Our Delegation Was Taken by
Surprise When the Hawaiian
Commission Was Named.
Senator Perkins Gives the Story of Lament
able Failure— Coolie Labor Problems in
the Annexed Islands Now De
mand Attention.
California, by reason of the geo
graphical and commercial relations ex
isting between the State and the re
cently annexed Islands of the Pacific,
had a right to expect representation on
the Hawaiian commission. Apart
from questions of trade and proximity,
there are labor problems Involved in
the acquisition of the islands which
deeply concern the people of the Pacific
Coast. It was accepted, an a matter of
course, that the members of the Cal
ifornia delegation in Congrers would
give earnest thought and effort to pro
tect the interests of the State in the
proceedings following annexation, but
tc the surprise of the California public
the announcement enme by wire from
"v\'ashingt"n that the President had ap
pointed two Commissioners from Il
linois, one from Alabama, two from
Hawaii and none from California.
Senator Morgan of Alabama, one of
the Commissioners, Is a nice enough
gentleman of the old school. He repre
sents in Congress a fine stretch of
country extending from the Tennessee
Itiver on the north to the Bay of Mo
bile on the south His constituents are
good people whose only knowledge of
Hawaii consists in knowing that the
Sandwich Islands are on the map of the
world. They are not concerned in a
single material or moral interest af
fected by the acquisition of the islands.
The two Commissioners from Illinois
are well known men. Doubtless they
are familiar with every township of the
Illinois prairie from Egypt to Elgin
Park, and probably know to a dot
everything of importance connected
with the construction of the Chicago
river drainage canal, but the manufac
turing and pork-packing interests of
their constitution cannot be affected by
annexation problems.
Senator Perkins was asked how It hap
pened that no one from the Pacific
Coast was selected to serve on the com
mission and that two statesmen from
Illinois and one from Alabama were
chosen. He told the story of the fail
ure In this style:
"The measure passed the Senate
Thursday evening and the next morn-
Ing I called on Jud?e Day, Secretary ol
State, and submitted to him that tht
Pacific Coast, by reason of proximity
and commercial relations with the Is
lands, was entitled to recognition, on
the commission. He was of the same
opinion, holding that one of the com
missioners should be a resident of this
coast. Thereupon I said that I knew a
man, a lawyer of ability and a public
man of wide experience who would be
able to render the country good service
in the capacity spoken of. I said this
man was Morris M. Estee. On my own
responsibility I mentioned Mr. Estee's
name. I had no authority from him to
do so, but I was convinced that he
would fill the position to the satisfac
tion of the people of the Pacific Coast.
Judge Day commended the suggestion
and expressed the hope that the name
would be presented to the President
without delay. I had an appointment
elsewhere but I went at once to see
Judee McKenna, knowing that the
Judge was in the confidence of the
President and that he might exercise
much influence in securing the appoint
ment of Mr. Estee. Judge McKenna
approved the suggestion to ask the
President to appoint Mr Estee and we
started to see the President, when we
learned tha t the appointments had been
announced.
"I was taken by surprise," continued
Senator Perkins. "It seemed to me that
the President used the same pen, before
the ink was dry, with which he Bigned
the message to sign the appointments
of Morgan, Cullom and Hitt. I ex
pected some time would be given to the
consideration of names for the pla.ee.
No, the delegation from California did
not go with me to see the President,
the Secretary of State or Judge Mc-
Kenna. I was In a sense doing the work
of a John the Baptist, going before to
clear the way for the delegation."
The Senator, whose cries in the
wilderness did not prepare the way for
his followers, was asked if the members
of the delegation had good reason to
believe a week before the bill passed
that annexation would prevail, and In
reply said that it was known to all of
them that the bill would pass. He was
asked further if the Congressmen of
this State had met to consider the ap
pointment of a California man in the
event of the passage of the bill, and
admitted that no meeting of the kind
had taken Hace while the bill was
pending. The Senator had intended
after performing the John the Baptist
work to notify his fellow workers in
Congress that the path to the White
House had been blazed and then the
delegates were all to go to the - resident
and ask for Mr. Estee's appointment
as one of the commission.
The annolntment of two men from
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L SATURDAY, JULY 16, 1898.
Illinois was thus explained by Senator
Perkins: "The President desired Mr.
Davis, chairman of the Senate Commit
tee on Foreign Relations, o acci pi ;i
: place on the commission but he de
; clined. and so Senator Cullom was ap
i pointed to represent the majority on
! the committee. Mr. Morgan was named
to represent the minority of the com
' mittee. Mr. Hltt. chairman of the House
Committee on Foreign Relations, was
| appointed. It so happens that Cullom
land Hitt are from Illinois."
According to Senator Perkins' own
admissions, the delegation did not hold
a single meeting to discuss the subject
of recommending the selecting of a
Commissioner from the Pacific Coast.
No thought was given to the subject
until the bill had passed and gone to
the President for his approval. Sena
tor White and Representatives Hil
born, Loud, Maguire, Barham and the
others seem to have been as idle as
Perkins himself. Apparently there
was no discord in the delegation. It
would seem that there was not suffi
cient animation for a discordant note.
Mr. Estee, whose name was suggested
to Judge Day after the President had
appointed the Commissioners, was not
even consulted. But this omission to
consult Mr. Estee does not amount to
much, as the public mind is quite well
made up that Mr. Estee would have
served if he had been urged by the
President and his fellow citizens to ac
cept the office. The point that strikes
the California public with bewildering
force bears on the utter lack of enter
prise and State loyalty In the delega
tion from California in the Congress
of the United States. "
As to coolie and contract labor in
' Hawaii, Senator Perkins Is convinced
that under the law It cannot come in
j competition with the free labor of the
' United States. He holds that the laws
I of this country relating to the hours of
labor must be observed now that the
I islands have been annexed to the
United States. He claims to appreciate
the fact that California for the past
twenty-five years has been making a
I determined stand against the Introduc
tion and recognition of low grade coolie
and contract laborers, and expresses
i the opinion that the administration of
. affairs in Hawaii should not be allowed
to set aside the good work which has
I been done here in behalf, of Intelligent
I American industry.
"It may become necessary," said
1 Senator Perkins, "to deport the coolies
I and low grade laborers now in Hawaii.
| Surely the laws of this country for the
protection of the worklngman will be
enforced in the annexed territory. This
labor problem is one of great impor
j tance to the people of the Pacific Coast.
I am not unmindful of the strong re
i pistance the people of this coast and
particularly the people of California
have made to the introduction of
Asiatic labor. Having this in mind, I
was anxious that a citizen of Califor
! nia should be on the commission to ad
! just the new order of things. I am con
vinced that the Commissioners -will
give this subject earnest consideration.
Existing contracts can be annulled, and
if necessary the coolies Imported to
the islands can be deported."
In regard to the general work of the
California delegation In Congress Sen
ator Perkins remarked that there was
a disposition to censure a Senator for
what had not been done, but there was
no inclination to give credit to a pub
lic servant for what had been accom-
I plished. Speaking of his own work, he
I said he had succeeded in getting an ap
propriation of $500,000 for Mare Island,
$133,000 for Oakland harbor lmprove
j ment, $500,000 for the Postoffice in San
Francisco and $17,000 for water sys
tem at Angel Island. One of the three
new battle-ships and several of the tor
pedo boats had been secured for this
city. The Senator enumerated many
other appropriations for smaller meas
ures of public good and remarked that
he had worked diligently to promote
1 the welfare of this State.
MRS. MERRY'S
ANSWER TO
THE CHARGES
Those Cooking Receipts Making
Trouble for the Woman's
Exchange.
The Institution Declared to Be Used to Pro
mote Social Ambitions of the Very
Nouveaux Riches.
Several weeks ago an article appeared
In the Call with reference to Internal
troubles in the Board of Managers of the
Woman's Exchange, pertaining to the
puMi.-atlnn of a receipt-book published
by a baking powder company, in which
the nameß and receipt of the leading
members of the board and organization
were used.
It was charged at the time that Mrs.
Minnie Merry, superintendent of the Ex
change on Post street, had obtained the
receipts improperly and It was suggested
that she had received a large sum of
money from the company for delivering
the goods.
The supposition was that the difficulties
were at an end, but it eeems that Mrs.
Merry has only been more or less patient
ly waiting for an answer to her letter
written in the fore part of ,last month,
asking and demanding an Investigation of
the charges. This demand was Ignored
and Mrs. Merry has decided to take the
benefit of stating her side of the case pub
licly.
"I have tried hard to avoid any news
paper controversies on this unpleasant
case," said Mrs. Merry, yesterday, "but
after the manner In which I have been
treated by the Board of Managers of the
Woman's Exchange, I feel that I must do
justice to myself and state the trouble
from my standpoint and let the public
Judge between us.
"For eight year I was the superintend
ent of the Woman's Exchange and per
formed my duties satisfactorily to the
board. The baking powder company had
all these years been furnishing us with all
the cereals and baking powder used in the
exchange, free of charge.
"Some months ago the manager of the
company asked me if I could not assist
him in getting some receipts for the com
pany for publication in a cook book. I
mentioned the proposition to several
memoers of the board, and they thought
it was proper, In view of all the kind
nesses the company had extended the ex
change. Mr. Ames of the baking powder
company had the letters of request writ
ten out. and I, as superintendent of the
exchange, signed them. The ladies of the
exchange answered promptly, and later
proofs were forwarded to me for revision.
They were read over In the office of the
exchange, and some of the members were
present while I was making the correc
tions find saw me doing so. What was
my consternation when that article came
out in the Wave charging me with using
my position to secure the receipts and
then selling them to the baking powder
company. Why, those peonle had the
audacity nnd Injustice to say that I had
received $5000 for their work aid that it
was not fair for me to take all the money
and not divide it with the exchange. The
Idea of even insinuating such a base act
on my part after all the hard and earnest
work I have done for the organization.
It naturally made me angry, anu I wrote
the board of managers the second letter,
of which this is a copy:
To the President of the Board of Directors
of the Woman's Exchange — Dear Madam:
Some time since I communicated with your
bi ard concerning an article which was pub
lished in the Wave on April 2 reflecting dis
credit upon my actions as former superintend
ent oi the Woman's Exchange. I explained
my position relative to the subject matter of
that libclous article and asked your board to
Investigate the matter and accord me ordinary
Justice by taking official action vindicating
my honor as your former superintendent. 1
nlrve heard nothing In response to this com
munication. Yosterday the Morning Call, in
an article entitled "A Tempest In a Teapot,"
reviewed the subject. I now feel that patience
has ceased to be a virtue, and I intend to de
fend myself; but before doing so, disliking
nf-wspaper controversy, I demand that the
Board of Directors of the Woman's Exchange
take action In the Tnattpr. If this Is not done
within a reasonable time I shall feel con
strained to use the only alternative, and that Is
through the daily newspapers In an open letter
to the Woman's Exchange, in which I shall
lay the entire subject before the public.
It is an action that I feel loth to take, but
It will become necessary in the absence of a
complete vindication by you, us I deem my
honor paramount to my regard for your organ
ization. Ynurs truly, MINNIE MEHRV-
June 10, IS9B.
"After some time, during: which I was
totally ignored by the board. I finally re
ceived, much to my surprise, a letter
from Henry E. Hiphton. attorney for the
board, of which this is a copy:
Dear Madam— Your letter of June 10, 189S, ad
dres.sod to the president and board of direc
tors of the Exchange for Woman's Work. ha 3
been referred to me. Only a day or two ago I
had written an answer to a former letter ad
dressed by you In the same way, and had
apologized for my delay.
If, in your opinion, the article you refer to
in the Wave was llbelous. I know of no reason
why ym should communicate to the ladiesof the
Exchange your intentions to commence an ac
tion for your vindication. These ladies had no
connection with the publication of the Wave,
and you hnd no right to assume that they had.
Nor is there any reason which can be legiti
mately assigned for an investigation by the
president and board of directors of the Ex
change for Woman's Work in aid of any pro
ceedings you may see fit to take with respect
to the author or publisher of the article In
question.
I am quite convinced that you have been
treated with the utmost delicacy and considera
tion by the ladles with whom you were so long in
official relations. Nor have I any doubt that
In furnishing the recipes with the names at
tached to the Cleveland Baking Powder Com
pany, however Innocently, you overstepped any
possible authority you had. The printing of
these recipes with the names attached In the
pamphlet Issued by the Cleveland Baking Pow
der Company was and ought to have been re
sentt-d by the ladies whose names were Im
properly used, and who were thus placed In a
fulse position. The best thing that could have
happened for all parties concerned after the
suppression of the pamphlets, for which the
Cleveland Baking Powder Company denerves
credit, would have been to allow the whole
matter to pass Into oblivion. If, however, you
feel Impelled to avail vourpelf of this oppor
tunity to ventilate the matter through tlie
newspapers, that, of course. Is exclusively
within the province of your own private Judg
ment.
The ladies of the Exchange feel that the de
livery of the recipes with the signatures was
an indiscretion, the consequences of which
were very unpleasant to thpm, but they have
marie no attack of any kind upon your "honor,"
and, therefore, bo far as they are concerned,
there Is no vindication required.
■ There may be a desire in some quarters to
generate a '"tempest" out of this matter, but,
if they act under my advice, the ladies of the
i Exchange will not furnish the "teapot." Re
! spectfuliy, HENRY E. HIGHTON.
i Mrs. M. Merry. 1433 California street. City.
"The publicity brought about by the
publication in the papers also brought a
letter from Mr. Ames, manager of the
baking powder company, to Mrs. Schmie
dell, president of the board. The letter
related to the circumstances of the case
and contained these .sentences: 'Mrs. Mer
ry's action in the matter was exclusively
j and entirely prompted in the interest of
! the exchange and not through any
! thought or expectation of personal bene
fit. Being desirous, however, at all times
to conform to the wishes of your manage
ment we would be pleased to hear from
you with suggestions and expressions of
your wishes in relation to the matter in
hand.'
"Whether the board answered this let
ter I know not, but I do know that the
baking powder people called in and de
stroyed all available copies of the book
without reference to their pecuniary loss.
"It was my original intention to sue the
Wave for libel, but my attorney advised j
me that in the event that I secured judg- i
merit it would i" v valueless. Therefore,
against my wishes, I must get my vindi- !
cation through the columns of the daily
press. These charges are all false, and
I am at a loss to know who or what in
spired them; and, furthermore, the board :
! has never ceased berating me for resign- ;
' ing. I had to resign or ruin my health, j
'' The -work was hard enough, but the ]
J worry of trying to please that board of
lady managers was too much. Tuesday
was 'board day,' and we approached it
; with mortal dread and bade it good-by
with heartfelt thanks.
"The Woman's Exchange is not what it
! used to be, nor is it carrying out the work
for which it was founded. It is supposed
to be and was once conducted for the
purpose of assisting needy gentlewomen. !
Such is not its mission now. It is now
used as the stepping-stone to good society
by the nouveaux riches who could not suc
ceed in getting on the front doorstep of
such society people as they now reach
were it not for the Exchange. The needy
gentlewoman is an unknown quantity
' now unless she has social Influence, which
lis a rare case. It is the women of the
! middle class who do not need the assist
i ance who have the patronage of the ex
change—those who want to earn some
thing extra for pin money.
"The board passes upon the work of
new applicants, and if she is not the cou
sin, the niece or some other relation of
some one of influence in the sacred swim,
her work is rejected, and the managers
say, 'Oh, no; we can't do anything for
her'; but if a member says: 'She is all
right; she Is related to Miss So and So,
and we will have to handle her work';
and they do.
"Now, as to the real work of the board.
It is supposed to be a charity. It is no
more a charitr than any commission
houre on Front stroot. for a commission
of 10 per cent Is exacted upon every sale
be it small or large. Furthermore, the
women who work in the Exchange are
held to their hours and work as rigidly as
any employe of the large stores of which
the Labor Commissioner has so often
complained.
"If the Woman's Exchange Is ever to
fulfill its mislon there must be a grand
reformation, that will not only aid the
needy gentlewoman to sell her handi
work, but to do so without having to
give charity one-tenth of the returns of
her labor for assisting her.
"I am sorry to have to • say these
things, but they are true, and after the
outrageous manner in which I have been
treated by these ladles I feel that in jus
tice to myself I must give the public an
opportunity to judge between the board
and me.
"They know that they cannot substan
tiate the charges that" have been made
against me, and they choose to treat me
with contemptuous silence as an answer
to my demand for a just vindication.
Matters having come to this acute stage
we will see what the outcome will be."
Assemblage of Ohioans.
The regular monthly meeting: of the
Ohio Society of California was held last
nipht at Mystic Hall, and an enjoyable
evening was spent. The following new
members were elected: Charles H. Watt,
Edward L. Baldwin, Elmore Ellis Ewing,
wb&«n aU ™- Johr \, s - Mumaugh and Z. T.
v\ hitten. This makes a total of forty new
members elected during the last two
months.
♦ Th pO fftl t at £ c Preceding meeting that
the .Fifty-first Regiment of Ohio Volun
teers" was" expected to arrive in this city
soon was found to be erroneous and no
r^ 4.5, based upon the expected arrival of
the Fifty-first lowa Regiment.
Although organized but little over a
year /the society was found to be in a
flourishing condition, with a neat balance
in its treasury.
El Campo
Continues to draw thousands every
Sunday. It is hard to say whether it
is the bay trip or the charm of the
place itself which attracts old patrons.
The Ukiah is so commodious and the
views of the bay are so delightful on
the El Campo route, that feature alone
is a drawing card. In addition the
dancing platform and the shady walks
and bath beach are always inviting
with their varied pleasures. Four round
trips every Sunday is the schedule of
the steamer.
DemijohnL Must Be Stamped.
The following decision regarding the
| stamping of demijohns was received from
the Treasury Department yesterday bj
Collector Lynch:
Demijohns containing wine exposed for sala
which are manifestly substitutes for uncovered
| bottles are liable. The fact that a bottle la
surrounded with wickerwork would not relieve
] it from taxation, provided It were not so far
beyond the size which is In common use to
contain wine as to plainly show it to be a v€b
sel not within the intent and meaning of the
law in this respect. The question of the lia
bility of demijohns or other bottle-shaped ves
sels containing- a gallon or upward will be re
served for consideration upon receipt of fur
ther Information touching the custom of the
trade as to offering wine for sale in such pack
ages. Wine must be stamped when bottled,
except ac to stock in hands of wholesale and
! retail dealers on July 1. IS9S. which need not
be stamped until sold. The woW retaU. as
used in this connection, Is taken In its ordi
nary commercial sense, applying to any quan
tity that Is purchased directly by consumers,
whether it be a case or bottle.
All About Bicycle Biding and
Training, by Champion "Jimmy"
Michael, in next Sunday's Call.
Fire From a Lamp.
An alarm from box 356 at 8 o'clock lnst
evening was for a fire In the dwelling: of
C Ladack, at 133 Greenwich street. The
blaze was started from an overturned
lamp and the damage Is estimated at $7...
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HsinyftliJaiios
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOX—
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
••The prototype of all Bitter Waters." Lancet.
"Speedy, sure, gentle." itTitu/iJledicatfournai
CAUTION: See Mat the label bears the signa-
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehner.
tvi.it DR. JORDAN'S °™t
igsL Museum of Anatomy
|^S^\ ICSI HJLES2T ST. let. Gii i 7th, B. T. C*L
jfi * M " th» Lkrs«te(UskiadlDtb«'VrorUL
|^^\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
ItrvSW Coniuitstlsn free. TTrlte for Book
| Philosophy of Marriage.
A JB - HAILED mCC