VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 12.
EIGHT THOUSAND TROOPS
DISEMBARK AT SANTIAGO
WARSHIPS
BOMBARD
THE CITY
Lar)dir)g Effected After tbe
Forts H ave Been
SileQced.
For Three Hours Sampsoo's Ves
sels Hurl Projectiles Into the
Batteries.
Copyrighted, 189$, by Junes Gordon Bennett.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, June
-Dispatches received here from
Mole St. Nicholas state that 8000
troops landed at Santiago de Cuba
yesterday, after the city had been
bombarded by the American fleet.
THREE HOURS' BATTLE
Madrid Reports Ttyat the Landing
Force Was Repulsed.
MADRID, June 11.— An official dispatch received
here from Havana, dated Friday, June 10, says:
" This morning Admiral Sampson's ships com
menced the bombardment of Santiago de Cuba. At
the same time a number of boats, towed by a steam
er, approached, and attempted to make a landing.
The cannonade lasted three hours. The Spaniards,
skillfully posted, repulsed the attempt at landing,
and the Americans drew off. No damage was caused
by the shells from the warships, which kept at a
distance, evidently afraid to venture within range of
the guns of the forts."
VIXEN LANDS fIRMS.
■
Copyrighted, 1898, by Junes Gordon Bennett.
-
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 11.— The military
gunboat Vixen has succeeded in landing 400
rifles, five tons of provisions and 60,000 rounds
of ammunition for the insurgents at Asserado.
Spanish cavalry interfered with the work and
the Vixen's shells did great execution among
them.
The Yankee, which arrived at Port Antonio
at 9 o'clock to-night, reports all is quiet at San
tiago de Cuba, and that there has been no re
sumption of the bombardment by Admiral
Sampson. The Spaniards are afraid to fire for
fear of further punishment. The officers of the
Yankee positively deny the statement that the
Spaniards have tampered with the wreck of the
sunken collier Merrimac. Her funnel and masts
were still plainly visible this morning.
The fleet is anxiously awaiting the arrival of
troops. Six hundred refugees have arrived at
Montego Bay from Manzanillo.
Asserado, or Aserradero, where the Vixen
landed arms and supplies for the insurgents, is
a small village on the southeastern coast of
Cuba. It is about as far to the west of Santiago
de Cuba as Guantanamo, where 850 marines
were landed, is to the east.
From the fact that operations are being car
ried on at these places on either side of Santiago
the inference is that Admiral Sampson's fleet is
patrolling the coast in that vicinity for about 100
miles.
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUKE 12, 1898—THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Tl)e SpciQisb Reserve Squadron Now Rendezvoused at Cadiz and Awaiting Orders to Sail.
MARINES
LANDED AT
GUANTANAMO
They Safely Plant Old
Glory on the Soil of
Cuba.
Territory Ta^en by Americans
Can Be Yield UQtil F^e-Enforce
ments Arrive.
CAPE HAYTIEN June v.—
Information has been received
here, by way of Port au Prince,
that a large force of Americans
landed yesterday on the shores of
Guantanamo, near Caimanera, and
cut the cable; that the terminus
at that point is in the possession
of the Americans and that every
effort will be made to reopen
communication with New York
via Cape Haytien. A force of
! cable repairers may be sent from
Cape Haytien as soon as a
steamer can be sent here to take
I them over.
WASHINGTON, June n.—
The Navy Department was in
communication to-day with Ad
miral Sampson off Santiago by
cable and by mail, with the result
that it is" now known officially
that the American flag floats over
Cuba, and that it was raised by
United States marines at the
mouth of Guantanamo Bay.
The marines who have thus
glorified themselves were 800 in
number. They were obliged to
fight for their lives, and in the
course of that fight to burn down
the town chosen as the site of
debarkation. All is ready at
Guantanamo for the landing of
United States regular troops as
soon as they arrive there, the ma
rines holding the ground they
won and being protected by th*
guns of the Marblehead, under
Captain McCalla, who has al
ready during the present war so
distinguished himself by ener
getic and valuable services as to
encourage the belief that he will
regain the numbers he lost some
time ago through an unfortunate
incident. Regarding the fleet of
transports, no statement is ob
tainable at the War Department,
and it is believed that the situa
tion is as it stood yesterday with
respect to the starting of the ex
pedition.
SIX HUNDRED MARINES
PITCH THEIR TENTS.
How the Invasion of Cuba Was
Commenced by the Amer
ican Forces.
OFF GUANTANAMO, Cuba. June
10, via Port Antonio June n. — The in
vasion of Cuba by the American forces
began to-day. Six hundred marines
have pitched their tents among the
smoking ruins of the outer fortifica
tions of Guantanamo and the Stars and
Stripes for the first time float on a Span
ish flagstaff in Cuba.
To Captain Clark and the battleship
Oregon belong the honor of accom
plishing the first successful landing of
the war. The forty mirines from the
battleship went ashore this morning and
occupied the left entrance of the bay
until the troopship Panther arrived
with 600 marines. These, undt r the
command of Lieutenant Colonel E. \V.
Huntington, arrived at 3 o'clock and
within half an hour they had burned the
buildings of the Spanish camp and had
set fire to the miserable little village
YELLOW FAKE OF
EXAMINER-JOURNAL
IS DULY EXPOSED.
i Copyright. 1898, by James Gordon Ben
( nett.
i PARIS, June 11.— I am
' informed that the pur
| ported Interview with
former Empress Eu
1 genie, published in two
] of your yellow journals,
was absolutely false.
The former Empress has
not received the corre
spondent either of an
American or any other
journal. She has not
been interviewed by any
body.
which crouched on the beach under the
hilltop of Guantanamo.
The whol operation of silencing the
guns and landing the forces was as
easy as placing a Sunday school pic
nic. The Marblehead had, backed by
the Vixen and Dolphin, opened on the
earthworks. The shore? t< the light of
the entrance were lined with guns and
rifle pits, but the Spaniards stampeded
after firing a few shots.
The city of Guantanamo lies four
miles up the bay, and a little
gunboat came down to help the shore
batteries. But she stayed just long
enough to turn around. Numerous
shots were fired by ths Spaniards, but
not one landed, and no Americans -were
injured.
The main fort lies within the city
limits and is still to be reduced, but it
is not in a difficult position, and the
American officers say it can be taken
in fifteen minutes when desired.
The Marblehead, Dolphin, Vixen and
two colliers have been off the entrance
of the harbor for several days and yes
terday morning they sailed into the
channel. A mile further up they opened
fire, sending fifty shots at the fortifi
cations on the left. The fulls on the
right of the entrance were deserted.
There are no defenses on the rieht
side of the harbor.
No attempt was made to land until
the Oregon steamed in early this morn
ing. Captain Clark immediately sent
forty marines ashore and twenty from
the Marblehead followed. They found
evidence of a very hasty departure by
the Spaniards. Watches, hammocks
and ammunition were scattered among
the earthworks and a Spanish flag was
found in one of the rifle pits. The little
detachment or marines held the place
until the Panther arrived, when they
were recalled and the work of disem
barking began.
The first boatload had scarcely landed
when the village burst into flames. Com
pany X, under Lieutenant Hall, was
the first ashore, and without the loss of
■a moment the column started up the
steep, rocky hillside to the earthworks.
For an hour a brown column of marines
Continued on Second Foe*.
SPAIN IN
PERILOUS
CONDITION
Even German Newspapers
See rjer Pitiful
Plight
TalK of Proposal for Peace, Which
Can Only Be Considered on
America's Terras.
BERLIN, June 11.— Although the
anti-American feeling continues here
the latest war news, coupled with of
ficial warnings that such comments
were endangering the commercial In
terests of Germany, have compelled the
newspapers to modify their ultra pro-
Spanish sympathies and some of them
aro beginning to admit that Spain is In
a perilous condition.
The Deutsche Zeitung says it thinks
the moment has arrived for diplomatic
intervention in regard to the Philippine
Islands and adds: "We confidently ex
pect the Foreign Office to act speedily
and energetically, as we cannot allow
the islands to pass into the hands of
America."
The Vossische Zeitung says: "In the
Philippines Spain's punishment for cen
turies of misrule Is imminent. The
cruel massacre of the patriot Risal and
thousands of agals find a bloody re
compense." The Vossische Zeiiung is
the first Berlin paper to publish the re
ports of a special correspondent sent to
Tampa.
The Post of this city admits that
Spain's affairs have arrived at a criti
cal stage, and says: "If, in addition
to other misfortunes, the throne is up
set by a civil war, Spain would lose
all sympathy hitherto felt for her by
the Continental powers."
The Kreuz Zeitung says it can con
firm the report that several of the pow
ers are consulting on the subject of
mediation between Spain and the
United States.
LONDON, June 11.— In regard to the
rumored peace propositions of Spain
the Pall Mall Gazette says: "Mr. Bal
four will sum up the case. We should
be delighted to do anything to help,
but we could not think of it unless both
partios seemed likely to welcome it and
mean business, which they do not.
That's just it. America is ready for
peace, but only on the terms she is en
titled to. Spain is ready for peace, but
on 'let us pretend that nothing has hap
pened terms.' Unless Spain sees the
PRICE FIVE CENTS,
childishness of this, there is no hops
for peace. In the meanwhile no power
is likely to invite a well deserved snub
by babbling about uninvited interven
tion or a congress."
MADRID, June 11.— The campaign!
Inaugurated by some of the foreign
newspapers In favor of peace between
Spain and the United States is not ap
proved here. According to the opinions
of several generals, Spain is capable of
continuing the war in Cuba for two
years, even under the most unfavorable
circumstances. Therefore, they add, it
Is useless to talk of peace unless It ap
plies to a return to the statu quo ant«
bellum.
The Government, It Is added, has not
received any suggestions of peace from
the powers, and In political circles it is
declared that if such a suggestion were
received the Government would po
litely decline to entertain it on th«
ground that Spain has decided to pur
sue the war to the bitter end.
Dispatches received here from Cuba
announce that yellow fever is ravaging
Rear Admiral Sampson's fleet, the
province of Santiago de Cuba being, it
is claimed, the hotbed of the disease.
In the Chamber of Deputies to-day
the Government was interrogated as to
whether the United States had notified
the powers of the blockade of Cuba and
whether the powers recognized the
blockade as effective.
Duke Almodovar de Rio, the Foreign
Minister, replied that since the Paris
conference conditions had radically
changed, and the powers had not yet
decided whether the blockade is effec-
tive. The Government, he said, was re
solved to uphold Spain's rights, and he
added that he did not believe it was
legitimate for the United States to en
courage the Philippine insurgents as a
belligerent power.
Many of the newspapers advocate the
keeping at home of Admiral Camara'a
fleet for the purpose of defending the
coast.
Captain Aunon, the Minister of Ma
rine, has made arrangements with the
Spanish Trans-Atlantic line for the
transportation of munitions and sup
plies to the Antilles.
At the aittlnr of the Sena** U-d&X2
SETS FORTH
THE BRAVERY
OF HOBSON
Detailed Official Report of
Sampson on the
Heroic Deed.
Sinking of the Merrimac the Most
Daring Act Since Gushing
Blew Up the Albermale.
WASHINGTON, June H.— The Navy Department to-day posted the
following bulletin giving a detailed official report from Admiral Sampson
upon the heroism of Lieutenant Hobson and his men in sinking the Merrimac
in the Santiago channel:
"United States Flagship New York, off Santiago, June 3, 1898. — Permit
me to call your special attention to Assistant Naval Constructor Hobson. As
stated in a special telegram sent me before coming her*, I was ordered to make
the harbor entrance secure against the possibility of egress by Spanish ships
by obstructing the narrow part of the entrance by sinking a collier at that
point. Upon calling upon Mr. Hobson for his professional opinion as to
a sure method of sinking the ship, he manifested the most lively interest in
the problem. After several days' consideration he presented a solution which
he considered would insure the immediate sinking of the ship when she
reached the desired point in the channel. This plan we prepared for execu
tion when we reached Santiago. The plan contemplated a crew of only seven
men and Mr. Hobson, who begged that it might be intrusted to him. The
anchor chains were arranged on deck for both the anchors, forward and aft.
the plan including the anchoring of the ship almost automatically.
"As soon as I reached Santiago and had the collier to work upon, the
details were completed and diligently prosecuted, as we hoped to complete
them in one day. as the moon and tide served best the first night after our
arrival. Notwithstanding, the hour of 4 o'clock in the morning arrived and
preparation was scarcely completed. After a careful inspection of the final
preparations I was forced to relinquish the plan for that morni-g, as dawn
was breaking, though Mr. Hobson begged to try it at all hazards.
"This morning proved more propitious, as a prompt tart was made, and
nothing could have been more gallantly executed. We waited impatiently
after the firing by the Snaniard had ceased. When the men did not reappear
from the harbor I feared that they had all perished. A steam launch which
had been sent in charge of Naval Cadet Powell to rescue the men appeared
at this time coming out under a persistent fire of the batteries, but brought
none of the crew. A careful inspection of the harbor from the ship showed
that the ■ essel Merrimac had been sunk in the channel.
"This afternoon the chief of staff of Admiral Cervera came out under a
flag of truce with a letter from the admiral extolling the bravery of the crew
in an unusual manner.
"I cannot myself too earnestly express my appreciation of the con
duct of Mr. Hobson and his gallant crew. I venture to say that a more
brave and daring thing has not been done since Cushing blew up the
Albemarle.
•■Referring to the inspiring letter which was addressed to the officers at
the beginning of the war, I am sure you will offer a. suitable professional
reward to Mr. Hobson and his companions.
'"I must add that Commander J. N. Miller relinquished his command
with the very greatest reluctance, believing he should retain his command
under all circumstances. He was, however, finally convinced that the attempt
of another person to carry out the multitude of details which had been in prep
aration by Mr. Hobson might endanger its prosecution. I therefore-took the
liberty to remove him for this reason only. There were hundreds of volun
teers who were anxious to participate; there were isornen in the crew,, nearly
as many from this ship, and large numbers from all tlie other ships, officers
and men alike. W. T. SAMPSON."
LIEUTENANT HOBSON
HAS WON THE REWARD
So He Will Get the Recognition Ac-
corded Cushing and Be
Advanced.
WASHINGTON June 11.— The only
subject for an official bulletin to-day at
the Navy Department was Hobson's
glorious feat In bottling up the Span
ish squadron with the hull of the Mer
rimac. With the frankness and candor
peculiar to the man, Admiral Sampson
withheld no credit from Hobson for
either the execution or projection of a
well-worked out scheme to which the
constructor was entitled, and he has
cleared away the small cloud of dis
satisfaction that had shown itself
among a few of the line officers because
of the selection of a staff officer in the
person of Hobson to conduct the des
perate enterprise.
Reference was made in Sampson's
statement to the "Inspiring letter" of
Secretary Long, as a basis for the re
quest for Hobson's promotion. With
the consent of Secretary Long the par
• the chamber was crowded, Primero de
Rivera, former Governor-General of the
Philippine^, making a long defense of
his administration in the Philippines.
He said that in 1881 he asked that a
p6werful squadron be sent to the Phil
ippines, and that the other defenses of
the islands be increased. He later,
during the critical relations with the
United States, informed his Govern
ment that an American squadron was
about to appear at Manila, and again
asked for several ironclads and other
war vessels.
The Government wired him May 12,
1897, that he need not fear a war with
the United States and that he could
return to Spain, but on March 12, 1898,
he received another telegram announc
ing that war was probable between the
Knited States and Spain, and instruct
ing him to prepare for the defense of
the Philippines, "but," said the speak
er, "what means of defense had I, when
everything I had requested since 1881
had been refused? I know I ought not
to divulge this matter in the interest
of Spain."
At this point a Senator cried: "The
moment has come to say all."
General Rivera, continuing, declared
that the Spanish squadron in the Phil
ippines, owing to lack of means of de
*ense, was foredoomed to perish. Af
-,er declaring that a native army in
'ihe Philippines was absolutely neces
sary, as Epropeans could not survive
the climate and the attendant diseases,
he spoke of the agreement with the
rebels by which the chief, Agulnaldo,
undertook to submit, if the Government
would give a certain sum to the widows
and orphans of the insurgents. A tenth
part of this sum was given to Agui
naldo, who undertook to distribute it.
General Bivera concluded by declar
ing that he would give up the cross
with which hr was decorated if the
chamber did not think him worthy of
it.
Senor Romero Giron, the Minister of
the Colonies, made a reply, praising
General Primero de Rivera's service
and at the same time assuring the
tlcular passage in the letter to which
Admiral Sampson referred is now made
public. It reads:
"Each man engaged in the work of
the inshore squadron should have in
him the stuff of which to make a pos
sible Cushing; and if the man wins the
recognition given him shall be as great
as that given to Cushing, so far as the
department can bring 1 it about.
"JOHN D. LONG, Secretary."
Hobson has won and if he escapes
from his present thraldom the Navy-
Department will redeem Its promise.
A consultation-ftf the records of the
Navy Department shows that the re
cognition accorded Cushing was in his
advancement one full grade, that is,
from the rank of lieutenant, which he
had when he took his little boat up to
the Albermarle, to the rank of lieu
tenant commander. In addition he was
given a vote of thanks by Congress. If
Hobson is rewarded in the same meas
ure he will, if kept in his corps, be
raised to the rank of lieutenant com
mander at least, and made a full con
; structor instead of the assistant con-
I structor he now is.
chamber that the Government was
working incessantly to prevent the
country's woes from increasing, which
was to be feared. The debate then
ended.
RAIN FALLING DAILY
IN THE GULF REGION
Wet Weather Will Now Be the Rule
Until the Coming of
Autumn.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, June 11.— The rainy sea
son seems to have finally set in through
out the gulf region. It has been an
unusually dry season up to now, the
oldest inhabitants and the natives de
clare, but yesterday the spell was
broken by a downpour that turned the
dusty streets of Key West into rivers
and rain has been coming down ever
since, with brief glimpses crt sunshine.
Every day from this time until fall wet
weather will be the rule, with occa
sional squalls and hurricanes that are
features of the West Indian region dur
ing the summer months.
In Cuba the rainy season really be
gan two or three weeks ago. but the
rain did not extend beyond the borders
of the island. Boats cruising along the
Cuban coast have at times been unable
to see the shore because of rain equalls,
although the sun was shining down on
the boats' decks.
Every moraine: and every evening
there has been heavy rain, accompanied
by lightning. The rainy season has
been one of the things most dreaded
in connection with the Cuban invasion,
but for some time it looked as if there
was not going to be much rain all dur
ing the summer, owing to its long delay
in beginning.
Necessitates a New Base.
Coryd«hted, 1868, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, June 11.— It is reported
from Shanghai that the extension of
the Hongkong boundaries has been
signed at Peking. If this is. correct it
will affect the American dispatch ves
sels, as the new boundary embraces
Kowloon and Mirs bays, thus necessi
tating a new base in Chinese waters,
which will be more distant.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CA^L, SUNDAY, JTmE 12, 1898.
DREGS OF YELLOW JOURNALISM.
The Associated Press Used by the Examiner- Journ a
Management to Foist a Fake Upon trje Press of
Recently this paper printed an item in its war news incidental to the
bombardment of Santiago, not for its intrinsic importance, but because
any information concerning the work of the American fleet is interest
ing.
The item came by Associated Press, an organization serving most of
the newspapers of this country and supposed to be controlled for their
benefit, as it is made up of newspaper proprietors, and is not an inde
pendent agency peddling its wares to who will buy. The papers com
posing the Associated Press insist that the news it carries must be au
thentic. Such the Santiago item was naturally supposed to be. Yet it
was a fake. It had been taken from the New York Journal. Had The
Call been aware of this circumstance the matter would of course have
been instantly discredited and cast aside without investigation.
The same dispatch was received in the office of the Journal's vermi
form appendix, yet the Examiner refrained from publishing it, well
knowing that it had appeared in the Journal, a fact of which others were
uninformed. Being in league with the yellowest of fakers, it was warn
ed of trickery, and its seeming acumen was but due to the fact that it was
party to a piece of contemptible rescality. It was willing, as the Jour
nal had been, that hundreds of papers all over the country should be vic
tims of a deliberate fake, so that it might entrap one rival. Such is the
substance of the Journal's confession. Then, with an almost unspeaka
ble nerve, it boasts of its own degradation.
The feature still to be explained is how the Associated Press was
made party to such an unclean transaction, why it sent Journal "news"
without letting decent papers know what they were getting, or why it
should send Journal "news" at all. Let Journal "news" be branded and
it loses power to deceive.
TRANSPORTS
ARRIVE OFF
SANTIAGO
Havaoa Reports Eleven Americar)
Merchantmeo Near the
Harbor.
MADRID. June 11.— An official dispatch from Havana says to
day: "
The Spanish warships Venadito, Nueva Esparia and Llgera have
made a sortie from Havana for the purpose of attacking the block
ading fleet. The Americans refused to fight and retired."
A later dispatch from Havana says: "Eleven American merchant
men have arrived before Santiago de Cuba. It is believed they are
transports, conveying troops which it is intended to disembark. Pre
cautions are being taken to prevent them from effecting a landing."
STAMPING OUT
YELLOW FEVER
Rigid Precautions Being
Taken.
INSPECTORS ON ALL TRAINS.
QUARANTINE OF THE INFECTED
DISTRICTS.
One Hundred and Forty Patients
Under Treatment in the General
Army Hospital at
McPherson.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW ORLEANS, June 11.— The
Louisiana State Board of Health has
been informed by Dr. H. R. Carter of
the United States Marine Hospital
service that the Fontainbleau camp,
near Paseagoula. is now open for the
reception of yellow fever patients.
A telegram was received to-night
from Dr. Gill. Health Officer of Missis
sippi, announcing that there was a sus
picious case of fever at Bonds, Miss., a
small station on the Gulf and Ship Is
land road, fifteen miles north of Mc-
Henry. In consequence of this dispatch
the board decided to place inspectors on
the trains, who will stop all passengers
from infected districts.
The town of McHenry is quarantined
in a most rigid manner. A gentleman
and his wife attempted to leave the
place last night. Dr. Haralson, the
State Health Officer in charge, imme
diately disinfected himself, changed
his clofclng and went in pursuit and
brought the refugees back.
WASHINGTON, June 11. — Reports
received to-day by Surgeon-General
Wyman indicate energetic measures
are being resorted to by the representa
tives of the Marine Hospital Service at
McHenry to stamp out yellow fever at
that place and to prevent its spreading.
Surgeon Murray reports that a guard
of twenty-two men has been placed
around the town and Surgeon Carter
States that a house-to-house inspection
is being conducted on the line of the
Gulf and Ship Island Railroad, in or
der to make sure there are no cases
outside of McHenry.
ATLANTA, Ga., June 11.— Sixty-five
sick soldiers arrived here last night
from Tampa, and were taken to the
General Army Hospital at McPherson.
Nearly all are regulars. Many of the
sick are suffering from fever. There
are now about 140 patients at this hos
pital and all are being well taken care
of.
JACKSON, Miss., June 11.— The State
Board of Health has been advised that
two new cases of yellow fever have de
veloped at McHenry within the
past twenty-four hours, but no deaths
have been reported to the board.
WAR REVENUE BILL
WILL NOW BECOME LAW.
Presiding Officers of Senate and
House and President Will Sign
It Monday.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— The war rev
enue bill will not become a law until next
Monday. Owing to a rule adhered to In
both houses that the presiding officers
shall not sign such measures save when
respective houses are in session, the bill
still lacks the signatures necessary be
fore the President affixes his approval.
While the House was in session to-day,
the Senate was not, and it is thought best
to attend to these details together. Ac
cordingly, when the two houses meet
next Monday the bill will be promptly
rushed through for the signature of Vice-
President Hobart and Speaker Reed and
the necessary enrollment detailg and then
sent to the President.
the Country.
FOR SUMMER
CAMPAIGN
Conditions Favorable in
Portions of Cuba.
WHERE THERE IS NO DANGER.
CLIMATE IS MORE FAVORABLE
THAN IN SOUTHERN STATES.
If Pacific Blockade Is Kept Up It
Will Mean the Extermination
of People in Three
Provinces.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The Medical
News in its issue of to-day will pub
lish a discussion of the advisability of
a summer campaign in Cuba, written
by Dr. D. F. Lame of Philadelphia,
who is a ( üban-Amerioan, in which he
says in part: "The unpreparedness of
the military branch of the Government
has become so apparent and from all
accounts the necessity of a much larger
body of troops to invade the island so
evident, that I can well understand the
hesitation on the part of the Washing
ton authorities to land iroops at this
season of the year around Havana and
Matanzas. In fact, I am about con
vinced that unless Havana In the
meanwhile capitulates from lack of
food no troops will be landed in that
province before the month of October
or November.
"Around Santiago the conditions are
different. The country all about is
hilly and much more healthful and by
utilizing the several thousand insur
gents in the neighborhood for the pur
pose of garrisoning the city after its
capitulation, the American troops could
be safely encamped all summer under
decidedly more "advantageous condi
tions than at Chickamauga or Tampa.
"From the point of view of a Cuban,
this pacific blockade, especially if kept
up all summer, means the practical ex
termination of all the people in these
three provinces— Pinar del Rio, Havana
and Matanzas— and as the war, we are
told, was undertaken for ,the purpose
of saving these people, why should not
American troops be immediately land
ed on the island, even if they do run
the risk of a high death rate from cli
matic conditions, etc.?
"On the other hand, as Americans, we
are justified in reasoning the matter.
We are certainly unprepared for such
an undertaking. Our soldiers, mostly
men who were only yesterday clerks and
mill hands, are not even supplied with
one of the most essential and vital
things for a summer campaign in the
tropics, and that is suitable clothing.
In such an undertaking we know that
climate does hot influence mortality as
much as deficient preparation and lack
of organization; therefore, let us take
into consideration the lives of 20,000 or
30,000 Americans as against the Cuban
unfortunates, who are, perhaps, al
ready beyond human aid. This pacific
blockade will certainly force Havana
to capitulate long before October, and
by that time we shall have a thorough
ly trained and properly equipped body
of troops."
Want a Day for Thanksgiving.
JLA CONNER, Wash., June 11.— The
Northwest Baptist Association, now In
session here, the following tele
gram to President McKinley to-day,
"The Northwest Baptist Association
congratulates our President on the suc
cess vouchsafed to our army and navy
and respectfully suggests that a day
be set apart for thanksgiving to God
for victories and prayer for the con
tinuation of Divine guidance.
"J. CAIRNS, Moderator."
MAY FORCE
SPAIN TO
MAKE TERMS
President Is Considering a
Plan to Carry the War
to Home Ports.
So It Would Be Well for the Cas
tilians to Surrender After San
tiago and Porto Rico Fall.
Call Office, Riggs House,
"Washington, June 11.
As Indicated in these dispatches last
night the probabilities are that a part
of the Cuban expedition Is well on Its
way toward Santiago, where It will co
operate with the marines and insur
gents in Guantanamo Bay.
The main expedition under General
Shafter is believed to be still at Tampa,
although the War Department officials
will not give out a word of news. It
was said to-day that the main expedi
tion might not wait for the re-enforce
ments to be sent from Admiral Samp
son's squadron, but that the transports
would be convoyed by vessels now as
sembled at Key West, where they
would meet the vessels sent by Ad
miral Sampson in the Windward Pas
sage.
Critics of the War Department fail
to see why there should have been any
delay whatever if this plan is now to
be adopted, for if the troopships may
steam as far as the Windward Passage
under convoy of the light vessels they
can make the rest of the voyage with
j out fear of the Spaniards. The only
j danger apprehended was from Spanish
gunboats supposed to be lurking in the
vicinity of Havana harbor.
Waval officials do not credit the re
| ports of the presence of Spanish ships
I in Cuban waters, with the possible ex
ception of several small gunboats
which have been in some of the har
bors for a long time. They maintain that
they have had the coast clear, for the
sailing of transports for three weeks,
and are inclined to place the blame for
the delay in sending troops upon the
shoulders of army officials. Naval of
ficers dd not hesitate to say that the
convoy to be furnished by the Navy
Department is strong enough to afford
ample protection to the transports.
In endeavor to assist the army the
Navy Department has even gone so far
as to offer to send several armor-clads
around Cape Maysi from Santiago to
meet the transport fleet. It was said
to-day that immediately following the
capture of Santiago a fresh force of
volunteer soldiers will be ordered there,
to hold the city, while the regulars,
with a sprinkling of volunteers, wilr
leave for Porto Rico t» complete the
subjugation of that island. The vol
unteers to be used at Santiago will
probably leave upon receipt of news
that the city has been captured.
The President has no desire to go be
yond the limits now fixed', but it is in
his mind to force Spain to terms by
MARINES
' LANDED AT
GUANTANAMO
Continued from First Page.
filed up the narrow path, eventually
taking up a position at the top of the
hill. As soon as the American flag was
swung out to the breeze from the flag
staff of the captured Spanish camp, the
Oregon steamed away to rejoin the fleet
off Santiago. The marines will hold the
position until the arrival of the expected
troops, in the meantime scouting in the
vicinity, with the Marblehead, Vixen
and Dolphin lying by to protect them.
Rear Admiral Sampson now has a
harbor and base of supplies on the
south side of the island, and troops can
be landed at will. The troopship Pan
ther reached the fleet off Santiago early
to-day. On her way over the Yosemite
fired a dozen shells into the port of
Daiquiri, but received no response.
Guantanamo is about forty miles east
of Santiago de Cuba, and is a splendid
location for a base of supplies for the
blockading fleet.
It is understood that the island of
Cuba is entirely cut off from cable com
munication with the outside world. Re
port here has it that the cable ship
Adria cut the cable at Santiago on
Monday and that the same day the St.
Louis cut the cable running from Guan
tanamo to Mole St. Nicholas, Hayti.
She was interrupted by shells from the
shore, but the Marblehead sent several
shells at the soldiers and scattered
them.
THE MONTEREY IS
OFF FOR HONOLULU
Finished Coaling Early in the Morn
ing and Left San Diego at
Noon.
SAN DIEGO, June 11.— The Monterey ;
sailed at 12:45 p. m. to-day for Hono
lulu. The Monterey commenced taking
on coal at 4 a. m., the men at the bun- !
kers having worked all night filling the
lighters with the dusky "diamonds
which were carefully Inspected by the
officers as the coal was rapidly stowed
on board.
No men were allowed to go ashore
here except one or two officers and the ;
paymaster, who came off for supplies.
Water and fresh provisions were added
to the 150 tons of coal taken as a deck
load, and all were securely stored at 10
o'clock this morning. Cipher dispacohes j
were received from the Navy Depart
raent and replied to this forenoon. ]
Itfo visitors were allowed to go on the i
Monterey before she left.
At 12:40 the big siren was sounded
and at 12:45 p. m. she got under way
and went rapidly down the harbor. The
Brutus, lying outside, Joined her, and
with the black smoke flying fro-m their
attacking her own ports if she does not
succumb after Santiago and Porto Rico
have been taken. He will not favor a
lingering war, costing hundreds of mil
lions of dollars, when the strife mifht j
be ended by attacking Spain at her own
doors to teach her a lesson. It is known
that embryo plans of this kind are un
dfr consideration, It is not believed
that more than a month will elapse be
fore something will be done in this di
rection, unless Spain shows an inclina
tion to surrender.
It is admitted by officials of the State
Department that the Monterey may
stop at the Caroline Islands en route
to Manila, but they assert positively
that the present policy. of the admin
istration does not contemplate the
seizure of either of these islands by the
Monterey, nor yet of Guajan, the prin- j
cipal island c-f the Ladrone group, by '
the Charleston. The latter ship may j
;£ UCh at the L adrone Islands, just as i
the Monterey may do at the Carolines, |
but there is authority for the state
ment that there is no present intention
to informally occupy any of these
islands. It is possible, however, that '
future events may make, it desirable >
to acquire some such islands as coaling I
stations on the long route between San
Francisco and Manila.
o/th^ &", c - Ve< ? that the first expedition !
of the Philippine army of invasion will
reach Manila on June 15 or 16. The un
derstanding is that the force will land '
immediately and proceed to the occu- !
patlon of Manila, under the protection !
of Admiral Dewey's guns. It is honed i
that Aguinaldo and his forces will *co- ■
operate amicably with them under the
American Hag. In the event of Agui
naldo evincing any opposition to thi»
plan it is thought possible that the !
American forces may wait for th« sec- I
ond expedition, though this is not prob- l
able.
The order for Captain Fred Rogers to
command the Philadelphia has been
canceled and he is ordered instead to
command the monitor Puritan with Ad
miral Sampson's fleet to relieve Captain
P. H. Harrington, who has broken down
under th.c heat and strain of the Cuban
campaign. It was said to-day that '
Captain Crowninshield of the "strategy j
board" is anxious for sea duty and i
might be given command of the Phila- .
,d<?]pnia. This is altogether likeiy for it
is well known that both President Mc-
Kfnley and Secretary Long are both
displeased With his work and have been
for some time anxious to get rid of him '
and reorganize the war board.
Lieutenant Robert D. Kerr, Corps of
Engineers, and Major J. M. Starr, ad
ditional paymaster, have been ordered
to Ran Francisco for duty with the
Philippine expeditionary force.
funnels both ships rapidly disappeared
to the westward. Commander Cottman
of the Brutus said he had had a hard
time of it on his present trip so far. His
oflicers are composed of relief men,
who re-entered the service for the war,
and nearly every man has been de
cidedly seasick on the voyage so far.
FEW DEMOCRATS
FAVOR ANNEXATION
The Subject Will Be Considered at a
Caucus to Be Held Tuesday
Night.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— A request
for a Democratic caucus has been
placed in the hands of Chairman
Richardson and it is understood a call
will be issued for a caucus Tuesday
night. The business will be partly the
consideration of Hawaiian annexation.
but it is not certain that party action
will be taken upon the question. Prob
ablj not more than twenty Democrats
favor annexation, and there is a belief
that the party can secure all the politi
cal benefit from the opposition without
precipitating a caucus fight and en- ''
deavoring to force the minority to vote
against the Newlands resolution. Chair-
Only a German Steamship.
NEWPORT NEWS. Va., June 11.
The German steamship Constantia,
whose appearance off the Capes last
night caused the sensational rumors as
to Spanish warships lurjjing in that vi
vinity, arrived here to-day. The Con
stantia is bound from New Orleans to
Hamburg and came to this port for
coal.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood, Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilla and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
V ADVERTISEMENTS.
© ♦ '4->> > *♦•> 1 1- "f >>> ++ O
♦ +
. ''■ it - — ■■ — v
I CARD TO THE PUBLIC :
'-*■{> >-=-, •■ . " , '■ •- : 'i
+ ' We ordered 40,000 pairs of Men's -f
4. Shoes for the soldiers going to Manila. +
+ When they arrived we found they were +
a made with tips. Uncle Sam will not
allow our soldier boys to wear shoes .
T^ with tips. , They must all be made
"*" with plain toes. Now we have these
"*" shoes on hand and we are going to "*"
+ • sell them. , *
+ They are made of fine French Calf, "T
+ hand-sewed welts. The contract price "*
>- was $5.00 per pair. Now we purpose "♦"
>■ to give the benefit to the people of +
+ the Pacific Coast and will close out +
+ these 40,000 pairs at +
I $3.00 per Pair, :
~T_ If these shoes are not as represented _.
return them at our expense and we .
**" will refund the money. These shoes ~T
"^" are made with the new style coin toe ~t
+ and square toes. J"
-♦■ When 1 * you get a lot of goods on +
■f- hand by mistake and want to get rid +
4- of them it is easy to do so when you +
4. sell them at one-half the regular price. +
a We are using these shoes to advertise ' +
a our other lines, and will only sell two +
J pairs to one customer unless they buy
other goods. - " • a.
"*" MONDAY, June 13, these shoes will
■*" be on exhibition in our large show
window. At night we will have extra "*"
•f lights, that the public may see this +
4- wonderful bargain. -♦■
4- '. ■ __ 4-
4- ■ >
"♦" "Remember the Maine" Souvenir +
"♦" Buttons free with every purchase. +
4- " +
4- ♦
4- MAIL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY +
! mil iv « j
t liULnli UIIUJ. i
X PHELAN BUILDING. *
J 812-814 Market St. >
"♦" PHONE 5527. "♦"
4- 4-
#444-444-444-4-4- 4-4- 4- 4 •
DON'T WANT MONEY ; ;
UNTIL YOU ARE CURED!
TDK.. MEYERS <& CO.,
• 731 MARKET STREET,
Specialists for Diseases and Weaknesses of Men.
The Curse of Nervous Debility.
The appalling results of this deplorable af-
fliction are numerous. Every year it sends
thousands of men to the Insane asylum it
madhouse, and annually, fills large number of
suicides' graves. Men of all ; ages and in all
walks of life feel Its remorseless grip upon
their very vitals and seek vainly for relief.
Among the
• Dangerous Symptoms are the Following ;
Ablest Hindednesg, I Coafnsion of Ideas,
Bishfnlnsss, . Dizziness,
Paia in the Back, Palpitation of the Heart,
Loss of Flesh, . * Nervousness,
Blackheads, Pimples, Drowsiness After Meals,
Sleeplessness, Loss of Power.
; But there are other more dangerous symp-
toms — symptoms which every man under-
stands. How • Is : It with you? Do you need
the skilled aid of a great doctor to make you
a man— strong, robust, as only perfect men
are? "The Greatest Book Ever Published for
Men" sent free. .
DR. MEYERS «fc CO.,
Specialists for Men, of the English and
German Expert Specialists, .
731 7VI/\RK.ET STREET,
Hours: j> to 5; evenings, 7 to 8; Sundays. I
to 11. Phone. Green 601. - ■"--■• _^^^
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific .tonlo
for the sexual and urinary , organs of boU»
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th«
kidneys and ■ bladder. A great Restorative.
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on its - own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
ITS Market Street. 8. F.— (Send for Circular.)
fj3& cii > iyl.>»(«r's English Dloauud urand.
Fewnyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
B —<K~v and O»ljr Genuine A
An V^k P^'S'"' fcr OilchfMttT, English Dta-Ml\
>v —-?SJ3bo.-tei, waled witi bins ribbon. TiikeVy
Tri %^W§nootlier. Refute Jangertnu tubttUu- V
1/ ~ and imitation*. A; Drngfiiu, or«on«4«.
\V K9 '.X. K « u eJ tor ladle*," in Utter, brretan
■V-. AE-MatL 10.000 TetUmoßtab. . jtJmaS!?
'H3E|DK; BALL'S REINYIGORATOR
Kfif^QH Five hundred reward for any case
ESMi ■ mm m we cannot cure. This secret remedy
a *''« stops all losses In 24 hours, cure*
SKgaj M Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
Rifi' TiiT Gonorrhoea, ■ Gleet, Fits, Strictures,
-UtfM.;'. SHU Lost Manhood^ and all wasting ef-
bh6b| •■ aw fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
■"EBB sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, iS; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 555 Broadway, Oakland Col Also
for sale at "1073% Market St., S. F. All prl-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book,
"D"DTTCIJ"I7C FOR BARBERS, BAK-
JjIVU UJIIIU ers. bootblacks, bath-
- , -. ■ -- -- houses, billiard-tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers,- canners,
dyers, flourmllls, ? foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers,- .; printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, ' tailors, «to. -,
BUCHANAN BROS., ';
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento StDEBATE ON
ANNEXATION
OF HAWAII
Advocates Declare the Isl
ands a Military
Necessity.
Opponents Show That This Coun
try Already Has a Good Route
to the Philippines.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 11.
The Hawaiian debate in the House
began to-day. Six speeches were made,
covering generally the contention of
th- support and opposition to the reso
lutions providing for annexation.
Hitt (R.) of Illinois and Dinsmore of
Arkansas, the ranking Republican nad
Democratic members respectively of the
Committee of Foreign Affairs, opened
the debate for and against annexation.
Clarke (D.) of Missouri spoke in oppo
sition, and Walker (R.) of Massachu
setts, Alexander (R.) of New York
and Gillette (R.) of Massachusetts in
advocacy of the proposition. There was
a good attendance in the galleries, but
hardly a quorum was at any time upon
the floor. The debate will continue
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, and
probably forty members will make
speeches.
The proceedings began with a mutual
withdrawal by Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio
and Sampson (D.) of Virginia of "un
complimentary and injurious language"
used by them to each other in the heat
of debate Thursday night, when the
The Mouse, 42 Tupper Street, Mor)treai, Occupied by S?nors Carrauza and Dubosc. From Which the
Earoous "Spy" Letter, Recently Made Public, Was Taßen. Detective Kellert Was Charged
With Haviog Abstracted It, but Was or> Trial Acquitted.
revenue conference report was under
consideration.
The Senate amendments to the bill
organizing the naval hosi ital corps
were concurred In, and Hitt (R. )
of Illinois, chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, then was recog
nized to begin the Hawaiian debate ad
vocating annexation. He reviewed the
provisions of the Newlands resolution
as being practically identical with those
of the treaty before the Senate and
those of the one which was negotiated
five years since.
Thus, he said, the question was an
old one, and annexation met with the
approval of the Hawaiian republic, and
there was nothing of constraint sug
gested by the resolutions. The only
question to be considered was whether
It would be wise for this Government to
take what was offered.
Referring to the strategic importance
of the Islands, he said they constituted
a small territory, but nevertheless
nineteen great powers kept constantly
there their representatives to protect
their interests because of their pecu
liar location. Hitt quoted many naval
authorities in asserting that the pos
session of the islands was of great im
portance, and pointed out that no fleet
c>uld come from Asiatic waters to ope
rate against the western coast without
touching at Hawaii for supplies and
recoaling. The control of the islands
would bo practically an effectual bar
rier to attack upon our Western inter
ests.
As illustrating the value of the isl
ands. Hitt spoke of the recent victory
of Admiral Dewey and the necessity of
sending re-enforcements to him. TJiis
work of re-enforcement could not be
accomplished without the American
ships putting into Hawaii to recoal.
Referring to the present attitude of
Hawaii in Its open friendship and the
aiding of America, involving the viola
tion of all neutrality laws before the
whole world. Hitt contended that Spain
would have a Just and enforceable
claim against the Hawaiian republic
for all damages done to her by Ameri
can forces aided by Hawaii in violation
of neutrality. This country should not
hesitate to relieve Hawaii of the pros
pective burden and to show apprecia
tion of the friendship manifested by
those in control of the Government,
given in defiance of the entire world
and all neutrality laws. In this con
nection Hitt read from a dispatch of
recent date, from Minister Sewall In
which he said: "The strongest in
fluence has been brought to bear upon
the Government tp urge it to declare
neutrality."
Hitt paid a tribute to the character of
the Americans who have established a
republic In place of a monarchy in Ha
waii and who now dare to act inde
pendently of the world in time of the
Spanish-American war.
After reviewing other rovolutionary
movements Hitt said: "They are the
same men who took a worthless Queen
and threw her from her throne when
she attempted to disregard property
rights and ignore the constitution
wrung from her predecessor." Hitt
spoke not quite an hour, much of the
time being occupied with interruptions
by members asking questions.
Dinsmore. the ranking Democrat upon
thf Committee on Foreign Affairs.
. pened the debate in opposition. He
<?A*uared bi» belief that no constitu
/•«•««-* »ower existed to annex by Joint
#*«oJutlon as was proposed, and op
posed annexation as being; undesirable. |
It would be, he Insisted, the first step
upon a policy of colonial aggTession, in
antagonism to the established rule of
the Government and he added that the
reaching out into foreign lands and the
establishment thereof of American in
stitutions would necessitate the aban
donment of the Monroe doctrine. Logic
would dictate it and the world would
demand it. America could not inter
fere in other lands and prohibit for
eign interference in affairs of the North
and South America continents.
Dinsmore launched into a long dis
cussion of the illegality of annexation
by reason, reading from many legal
works to show, that no power existed
to thus annex. Replying to those who
contend that Hawaii is a commercial
and naval necessity as a midocean sup
ply station, he declared there was al
ready a route to Yokohama, Hongkong
and to Manila and from San Francisco
by way of the Aleutian Islands, Amer
ican possessions, 800 miles shorter than
the Hawaiian route. me Aleutian
route, said he, is open the entire year,
and the coldest weather on record at
the Aleutians was 7 degrees above
zero. He argued that hostile ships
with the aid of colliers, could operate
against the Western coast. The hold-
ing of Hawaii would necessitate the
keeping of a powerful naval force there
and would not relieve in any sense the
necessity for keeping a great force at
the seaports of the Western coast.
Speaking of the suggestion that Ha
waii would be essential to the control
of the Nicaragua canal, Dinsmore said
San Francisco was 1000 miles nearer the
proposed mouth of the canal than Ha
waii.
Dinsmore argued that annexation
would mean foreign entanglements and
in this connection he protested against
the suggested Anglo-American alliance
as being something much to be desired
by England, but to be avoided by the
United States. Protesting finally
against taking the islands, he said: "If
we take them, God help us."
Gillette (R.) of Massachusetts, In
support of annexation, declared that
conditions had greatly changed since
the days of Washington, when the pol
icy of the new country was reasonably
against territorial extension. Then, he
said, it was farther from Massachus
setts to Pennsylvania than now from
New York to Europe. He argued for
Hawaii as a military and naval neces
sity, a controlling point of trade and
naval operations in the Pacific.
Alexander (R.) of New York said the
victory of Dewey made the annexation
of Hawaii a present necessity and made
it wise to provide for its possession and
control for future emergencies. He ex
pressed the conviction that Hawaii
would be offered by the Hawaiian Gov
ernment to England if this country
should refuse to accept it, and, having
refused, the United States could not
interfere with the Hawaiians disposing
of their own territory.
Clarke (D.) of Missouri, opposing the
resolution, snoke against an enlarged
colonization policy as something
"gorgeous in appearance, but fatal in
experience, or else history is a lie."
As a member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs he said General Scho
field had testified before the committee
that Pearl harbor was the only harbor
in Hawaii that could be fortified, and
"that," declared Clarke, "is under the
control of this country, and from a
military standpoint we need no
more." The "Jingo bacillus.l' he declar
ed, is indefatigable in its* work, and
proceeding, he said the proposed an
nexation of Hawaii would be the enter
ing wedge to a policy that would not
end until the American territorial en
largement had gone to the extent of
including the earth.
"Mr. Speaker," declared the Mis
souri member in a characteristic
burst, "if this policy is pursued as
the jingoes want it and you are here
presiding over the House twenty
years hence you will be called upon
to recognize the gentleman from Pat
agonia, the gentleman from Cuba, the
gentleman from Porto Rico, the gen
tleman from Greenland, the gentle
man from Fiji, and, with fear and
trembling, the gentleman from the
Cannibal Islands, as he gazes with
gleaming eyes and glistening teeth
upon your imposing and tempting
self."
A great laugh followed this prediction
from the Missourian.
Parker (R-i was presiding, Mr. Reed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JCNE 12, 1898.
occupying temporarily a seat upon the
floor. The laughter was renewed when
Mr. Clarke added, "It is unnecessary to
say that I prepared that for the regular
occupant of the chair."
Concluding his speech, Clarke spoke
of the resulting representation of Ha
waii' in the House and Senate and th.c
attendant danger. He attacked furt
ther the proposition to annex on the
ground that the republic of Hawaii was
the result of a conspiracy upon the part
of the sugar interests of the islands.
That the people of the islands had been
shut out from expressing their desire
was shown, he said, by the decrease of
suffrage, 14,000 under the monarchy, to
2500 under the republic. "Let there be a
blebiscite," declared Mr. Clarke, "and
let the people exercise the right which
Is theirs to say how they shall be gov
erned."
Walker (R.) of Massachusetts spoke
for the resolution, denying that annex
ation would be followed by territorial
expansion. He said Hawaii was a com
mercial, military and naval necessity.
He digressed briefly to advocate the
construction of the Nicaragua canal as
one of the greatest needs of the United
States, and contended that Hawaii
would be essen'-ir,! to complete control
of the canal by America.
At the conclusion - his sneech the
House adjourned at 4:45 p. m.
CAPTAIN RUDGERS TO
COMMAND THE PURITAN.
The Heat of the Tropics Plays Havoc
With the Health of the
Officers.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— Captain
Frederick Rodgers, formerly president
of the Naval Auxiliary Board, has been
ordered to command the big monitor
Puritan, now with Admiral Sampson's
fleet. He relieves Captain P. F. Har
rington, who has been prostrated by
the terrible heat to which he has been
subjected during his long stay in Cu
ban waters. Lieutenant-Commander
W. H. Everett, comamnding the light
house tender Mangrove, has also suc
cumbed to the hardships of the Cuban
blockade. Both officers have been re
moved to the naval hospital at Key
West for treatment.
The assignment of Captain Rodgers
to the Puritan leaves a vacancy In the
command of the cruiser Philadelphia,
now fitting out at San Francisco for
service on the Pacific station, to which
he was originally assigned several
weeks ago. In view of the reported de
sire of Captain Crowninshield, chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, for sea duty,
it is not improbable he may be given
the command of the Philadelphia. It
is expected that she will go into com
mission at the Mare Island Navy Yard
on the Ist proximo.
GENEROUS OFFER OF THE
RED CROSS ACCEPTED
Aid of the National Association Will
Be Welcome at the Army-
Camps.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— Surgeon-
General Sternberg of the army has sent
to the chief surgeons of the army corps
and divisions the following proposition
made by the American National Red
Cross Association:
"We can put any desired amount of
supplies, ice, milk, condensed milk, etc.,
into any of the volunteer camps in a
few hours. Will you be kind enough to
bring this letter to the attention of
Secretary Alger and ask him if there
is any objection to our appointing a
Red Cross representative to report to
the commanding officer and the chief
surgeon in every camp; confer with
them as to their immediate needs and
if anything of any kind is wanting
open there a Red Cross station and
send supplies? We can do this, not in
a few weeks or in a few days, but In a
few hours, and caji furnish any quan
tity of any desired luxury or delicacy
for hospital use. We hereby tender our
selves and put our organization at the
War Department's service for co-ODer
ation in this field."
Secretary Alger has approved of the
propositions, and the surgeons have
been directed to co-operate with the
authorized agents of the association for
the purpose indicated.
TEMERARIO ORDERED
TO LEAVE ASUNCION
Befusing to Disarm the Gunboat, the
Commander Is Told to
Depart.
BUENOS AYRES, June 11.— The Gov
ernment of Paraguay, acting upon the
representations of the United States
Consul at Montevideo, notified the com
mander of the Spanish torpedo gunboat
Temerario, now at Asuncion, that he
must disarm that vessel if he desired
to remajn in port.
The Spanish commander refused to
do so, and thereupon he was informed
that the Temerario must leave Asun
cion as soon as the repairs to her ma
chinery are completed which must be
quickly done.
There Is No Friction.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— The re
ports of friction between army head
quarters and the various supply bu
reaus of the War Department because
of the congested condition of affairs at
Tampa ar^ denied by officers under
whose direction these matters come.
PREDICTS AN
EASY VICTORY
Views of a San Juan
Resident.
CITY NOT WELL DEFENDED
AMERICANS SHOULD ATTACK
BY SEA.
Could Compel a Surrender and Land
an Army of Occupation
Without Loss of
Life,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KEY WEST, June 11.— Mr. C. K.
Ajevado, who was for twelve years a
resident of San Juan, Porto Rico, is
in favor of the United States taking
possession of Porto Rico at once. He
said:
"The U»ited States expedition can
land where it pleases in Porto Rico, ex
cept in the neighborhood of San Juan.
The best harbor in Porto Rico is Guan
yea, west of Ponce, and south of San
Juan, from which latter place it is dis
tant eighteen hours' carriage ride. The
roads between Guanyea and San Juan,
as, indeed, everywhere in Porto Rico,
are excellent and troops with supplies
could be moved through the inland
readily; but I would not advise expos
ing men to the sun on long marches.
This, in spite of the fact that the cli
mate of Porto Rico is the healthiest in
the world. The rainy season does not
begin until August and is of short du
ration. Yellow fever is almost un
known. Our men, however, are not
used to the hot weather and would wilt
under it.
"San Juan is where the troops should
be landed. The American fleet should
finish the work that Admiral Sampson
started last month aiid batter down
Morro and Fort San CarK.s. The forts
are not at all impregnable; we can de
stroy them at some expense, but, judg
ing from the previous bombardment,
without loss of life. Then, the troops
can be landed to defeat the Spanish
soldiers and take possession of the city.
The occupation of San Juan would end
the war in Porto Rico, for the Span
lards could not make a stand anywhere
else.
"I do not under estimate the strength
of the forts. New batteries have been
constructed; new and modern guns
mounted and the force of 8000 Spanish
regular soldiers has been doubled. The
3000 volunteers are valueless. There are
garrisons at Ponce and other towns,
but the great mass of troops are at
San Juan.
"After the fleet has silenced the forts
the harbor may be counter-mined and
cleared of obstructions, transports
taken and troops landed. As the in
habitants of Porto Rico are thoroughly
disaffected American troops would not
be required to subdue the country; the
people generally would welcome our
soldiers. Porto Rico has not been
ravaged by a war. Horses, cattle and all
food supplies are abundant and al
though there is no railroad system the
first-class carriage roads render com
munication with all parts of the island
easy. It would be a pity to destroy
San Juan, which is a fine town with
nicely paved streets, wider than those
of old Havana, Steps were recently
taken to bring in good water. Our
Foldiers could obtain good water in all
parts of the Island and there is no
swamp land as 1 Cuba.
"The cheapest, quickest and most hu
mane way of conquering Porto Rico is
by the use of the big guns of our fleet.
A land siege of San Juan would be
slow and expensive both in the matter
of men and money."
THIRD EXAMINATION
OF THE CENTENNIAL
Owners Will Have Another Chance to
Show the Condition of
the Vessel.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— The War
"Department has acceded to the request
of the owner of the steamer Centennial,
now on the Pacific Coast, that another
examination shall be made of her. The
next examination will be made by a
board composed of Rear Admiral Kirk
land, named by the Secretary of the
Navy at the request of Assistant Sec
retary Meiklejohn; a representative of
the owners, and a third person to be
selected by these two. This will be the
third examination made of the vessel
and the decision of the committee will
determine finally, so far as the War
Department is concerned, the question
whether she will be taken as a trans
port or not.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
.x' and ready hands
Any mother who
is physically weak and incapable of bestow-
ing a healthy constitution upon her baby
may darken its future with weakness and
disease.
A prospective mother ought to insure her
baby's welfare by every means that Nature
and science afford to keep her physical
powers up to the very highest point.
Every expectant mother ought to know
and avail herself of the strengthening and
re-enforcing properties of Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription. It gives health and
endurance to the delicate organs concerned
in motherhood. Taken early during the
period of expectancy, it makes the coming
of baby perfectly safe and comparatively
easy. It make 9 the mother strong and
cheerful, and gives health and natural vigor
to the child.
It is the only medicine of its kind devised
for weak and delicate women by an edu-
cated, experienced physician.
For nearly 30 years Dr. Pierce has been
chief consulting physician to the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical Institute, of Buffalo,
N. Y. His thousand-page illustrated book,
"The People's Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser " contains advice and suggestions
which every woman ought to read. A pa-
per-bound copy will be sent absolutely free
on receipt of 21 one cent stamps to pay cost
of mailing only. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y. Cloth-bound for 31 stamps.
A sure and permanent cure for constipa-
tion is Dr. Pierces Pellets. One "Pellet"
v a gentle laxative, two a mild cathartic
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ . ■ . ■■■.■ 1 .-
*-O
111 1 ill' \^\y^s\
'f"ji. yl ]j»^lis|4J
A lot of the prettiest of Straws for Children, all high-class
ones, with red, white ani, blui bands, with the names of our
famous warships on 'envin gilt letters. U. S. S. Oregon, Massa^
chusetts, Indiana, lowa— and all the other prominent ships.
■gj^ 51^ These are all high-class ' Straw s , principally Milan braids. No
i*-srv^ i °ther store will offer you a straw like 'em under Si. . Thess
f <-C^*(*Jt!LA-*\ Monday at ' ' . _
t famous warships on 'em in gi\t letters. U.S. S. Oregon, Massa-
chusetts, Indiana, lowa— and all the other prominent ships.
These are all high-class Straws, principally Milan braids. No
other store will offer you a straw like 'em under Si. These
Monday at
♦ • * * ■^^-v • ♦ • •
• ♦ • • Oc/0» * * * *
THE FRISCO BOYS.
THERE'S
BUT
ADMIRAL
DEWEY
Whose deeds at Manila
stand out in history as
the most dashing and
daring naval engage-
ment in the history of
time.
There's but one fitting emulation to in~>
still in the young mind of this naval hero,
one artistic creation worthy of such a noble
hero, and that is our
ADMIRAL DEWEY SUIT.
It is a ivorh of art. It is a sailor in
gray, with the cross cannons embossed in
white satin, with the star above, and em-
bossed in white satin the norm of our Illics-
trioui Hero— D ".wry.
The sleeve is a plaited affair, with an
American flag and staff embossed in colored
silk. It's for little fellows between the ages
of 3 and 8. It's a dreamt of loveliness, and
will be shown to you Monday.
Military Capes for Boys and Girls, in
blue, with soldier buttons on 'em.
Military Suits — two new ones— The Miles,
The Merrltt ; the Miles in blue, the Merritt
in cadet gray.
Soldier Caps for Boys an I Girls, the
prettiest of 'em.
Sailor Hats for Boys an r l Girls, with
patriotic emblems on 'em.
We're headquarters for these goods.
A wonderfully pretty suit is
the suit we call your attention
to in picture opposite. It's a
sweet little affair in blue, in a
very rich shade of blue, with
contrast inlaid collar, many
rows of soutache on the collar,
on front revers two embossed
silk stars, the vest trimmed very
novelly; in fact, a novel suit; in
fact, a $.5 suit. They'll be given
a run Monday at
$2.50.
t — ,
The question of a fashionable
hat is no longer an exorbitant
expense. It used to be before we
entered the hat business, but our
Hat Department has leaped into
such popular favor that every
stylish dresser about town is a
patron of this department.
The pearl Alpine ivith blaoh
band, and- with the pearl band
and black binding, is quite the
popular hat to-day, but there
are others that prefer otter f
there are others that prefer
black. We have shades for 'em
all, and Just as good as you'll
pay the exclusive hatter $2 for.
That's why our Hat Department
has the trade of the town, for
such hats will cost you
95c.
34
HOSTILITY
IS OPENLY
MAINTAINED
Press of Germany Harps
Upon "Another Defeat
of the Yankees."
The Attempts of Spain to Secure
European Intervention Con
tinue to Be Without Avail.
BERLIN, June 11.— There Is no ma- I
terlal change in the feeling In Germany
in regard to the war between Spain and
the United States. The Government
Ecrupuloualy avoids expressing its
views on the subject and a few of the
German newspapers persist in their at
titude of little short of open hostility
toward the United States. Throughout
the week they have vehemently main
tained that the occurrences at Santiago
amounted to "another defeat of the
Yankees." and have gleefully printed
the lying Madrid dispatches supporting
this contention. These newspapers also
continue to charge the Americans with
cowardice for not attacking the Span
lards "whom until recently the Ameri- '
cans regarded as foes unworthy of their I
steel."
A member of the general staff here,
in an interview with the correspondent
of the Associate 1 Press said: "It is
hard for a trained soldier of the Eu
ropean mold to suppress a sentiment
akin to contempt -when reading the ac
counts of what has thus far been done,
or rather, left undone, by the American
army against the Spanish troops in
Cuba. With no Spanish fleet to worry
them, money and transportation in
abundance, all the men needed at their
command, they have been unable thus
far to even effect a landing of troops.
This fact speaks for itself. And after
the enormous boasting of the American
press and people, who systematically
belittled the Spaniards for months be
fore the outbn-iik. of hostilities, this in
glorious failure is doubly conspicuous,
and if striking proof of the great su
periority of the European system of
standing armies was needed the Ameri
cans have furnished it."
The foregoing sentiments are appar
ently shared by all the German military'
men.
The attempts of Spain to secure Eu
ropean intervention continue, in spite
of the little encouragement held o»ut by
the Cabinets approached. Count de
Villagonzalie, the Spanish Embassador
at St. Petersburg, is now acting in con
cert with his colleague in Paris, Senor
Lton y Castillo, in an effort to obtain
the services of Russia and France,
either immediately or in the near fu
ture. The German Foreign Office is
cognizant of the negotiations, but at
taches no importance to them. A high
official of the Foreign Office positively
assures the correspondent that neither
France nor Russia intends to intervene
at the present juncture.
The feasibility and probability of an
Anglo-American alliance or under
standing is attracting widespread at
tention in the German press, though
the idea is universally scoffed at as
impracticable. The papers here profess
not to believe in the possibility of such
an entente and point out an array of
alleged facts showing why the inter
ests of the two nations cannot travel in
parallel lines, declaring that Great
Britain's anxiety for an alliance is due
to fear, engendered by her present iso
lation. The Cologne Gazette ridicules
the idea and claims if an alliance were
consummated Great Britain would se
cure the advantages and America all
the disadvantages.
The FrankfoTt Zeitung is almost
alone in approving the project. The
Foreign Office does not take the mat
ter seriously.
The election campaign has been made
COLLIER NERO
IN WAR PAINT
Will Soon Be Ready to
Sail for Manila.
ACTIVITY AT MARE ISLAND
MONADNOCX MAY BEAT THE
MONTEREY.
Main Battery of the Philadelphia
Is Boon to Be Placed
Aboard the Swift
Cruiser.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VALLEJO, June 11. — Mechanics
••warm about the collier Nero, formerly
the Whitgift, which is now In the dry
dock at Mare Island. Painters have
given her a coating of war paint, and
her hull hits been thoroughly cleaned
below the water line to permit two
coatings of anti-fouling paint to be put
on. Shipwrights have put in new
chocks and towing bitts and are pre
paring the mounts for two rapid-fire
guns on the forecastle deck. Her en
gine and boilers are in first-class con
dition and need little, if any, attention.
The vessel now fliea the American
flag. Boatswain Francis A. Dran Is in
temporary charge until officers are de
tailed to her. She will leave the dock
in a few days and be ready to start
about Wednesday. It is not proposed to
coal her at Mare Island, but the cargo
will be placed on board at San Fran
cisco, where it can be loaded . from
bunkers at the rate of 1000 tons a day.
The Monadnock will be ready before
the Nero, and there is no doubt that
she will reach Manila ahead of the
Monterey. She will take her coal from
the British ship Raham, now lying in
the stream here.
The rush on the Philadelphia con
tinues, and she will be ready for sea
in a very short time, though officials
will not give any information as to
when she will go into commission. She
lively recently. The statements made
by the Minister of the Interior, Count
Posadowsky-Wehner, on Tuesday last,
in response to a request for an outline
of the official views of the tactics
which should be followed at the coming
elections have caused a sensation
everywhere.
The comments, naturally, vary, as oc
cording to the predictions of the pa
pers. Prince Bismarck's organ, the
Hamburger Nachrichten, and others,
declare Count Posadowsky-Wehner did
not go far enough, and they assert that
what is wanted is special anti-socialist
legislation. The National Zeitung
thinks the Minister in his remarks
ought to have included a declaration
against the excessive demands of the
Agrarians and the Tageblatt and other
Liberal papers express similar views.
The semi-official North German Ga
zette has been unable to conceal its
anxiety lest the statements of Count
Posadowsky-Wehner be interpreted as
a one-sided declaration in favor of the
agriculturalists and middle classes. As
a matter of fact, the only parties thus
far active In the pending elections are
the socialists and Agrarians. The Gov
ernment, while not openly participat
ing, clearly sides with the Agrarians.
A number of cases are reported where
local Government officials have been
strongly pressing the rural voters to
support the Agrarians.
The fact that a bill has been prepared
to curtail the franchise in order to pre
vent an increase in the number of so
cialist representations which is fully
corroborated, is having increasing In
fluence in the campaign.
There has been a split among the
Centrists during the week. The Cen
trists of Westphalia have cut loose
from the party, owing to the latter's
lukewarm support of the Agrarian
Democrats and they have nominated
their own candidates. The Centrists
have also lost a number of districts in
Bavaria through the Independent Agra
rian movement among the Catholics.
The Government proposes to ask the
new Reichstag to increase the credits
of the reorganization of the army and
additions to the field artillery, includ
ing the creation of mortar batteries
and the addition of a corps of mounted
infantry to every army corps, an In
crease of the pioneer regiments by a
battalion each and the formation of
three new army corps.
The fact that the United States Gov
ernment is not participating In th«
Brussels sugar conference is regarded
unfavorably here.
Fifty persons have been made sick by
trichinosis this week in the neighbor
hood of Zewlckau, Saxony, and It Is as
serted that American pork was respon
sible for it-
It is said at St. Petrsburg that Mr.
Cornelius Vanderbilt, fearing capture
by the Spaniards, is to leave his yacht
at Odessa until peace is declared.
A great deal of political Importance
is attached to Emperor William's visit
to Palestine. It is suggested that be
sides ending the pretensions of France
to the right to grant protection to all
Christians in the East, may result in
securing Asia Minor as a field for Ger
man colonization, by the conclusion of
a state treaty with Turkey. It is
pointed out that the Sultan will find
difficulty in refusing such a proposal
from Emperor William, especially as it
is a fact that the Germans are already
invading Asia Minor, as well an Pales
tine, systematically and successfully.
has had 600 tons of concrete ballast,
composed of scrap iron, sand and Port
land cement, put aboard. This will
form an immovable ballast and will
greatly improve the stability of the
ship.
The Philadelphia's main battery Is
lying on the dock, ready to* be put
aboard when she replaces the Nero in
the dock. Some of the six-Inch guns
belong to the Yorktown, as the Phila
delphia's six-inch rlfleu were sent to
Washington before the war to be con
verted into rapid-firing guns, and they
have not been completed.
Six hundred men worked until 10
o'clock to-night, and will work to-mor
row to complete the Nero and the
Monadnock as soon as possible.
PROPOSED BOND ISSUE.
An Effort Will Be Made to Bar Out
Corporations.
WASHINGTON', June 11.— Assistant
Secretary Vanderlip, who has had per
sonal charge of the details of the pro
posed bond Issue, said to-day:
"The subscription of $200,000,000 of the
3 per cent bonds just authorized by Con
gress will be opened by the Treasury De
partment as soon as the bill is signed by
the President, and will cloße at 3 p. m.
July 14. This gives ample time even for
the most remote sections of the country
to receive complete Information regarding
the details of the issue and to have sub
scriptions from such points reach the
treasury. Every channel will be used to
disseminate in the widest possible manner
information regarding this issue and to
make It in every sense a successful pop
ular loan. A great number of subscrip
tions have been received in advance of
the passage of the act, and there Is every
reason to believe that the issue will be
largely oversubscribed. By the terms of
the law, the allotment will bo peculiar.
The law provides that the smallest sub
scriptions shall be first allotted, and the
allotments be made inversely, in accord
ance with those of the subscriptions.
That will result In a line being sharply
drawn at some point, and all subscrip
tions for an amount exceeding that sum
will receive no allotment whatever.
"The precaution is taken to prevent In
dividuals repeating subscriptions, and
thus getting an undue advantage. The
law provides that all individual subscrip
tions must be allotted first, and, there
fore, subscriptions from corporations
and associations other than individuals
will only receive an allotment in the event
that the Individual subscriptions fall short
of the two hundred million dollars which
is at present offered.
"The treasury will print about four mil
lion subscription blanks and circulars of
information. These will be put in the
hands of every money order postmaster
and in every banking office and express
office at the earliest possible moment."
Demand for San Jose Bonds.
SAN JOSE, June 11.— Subscriptions to
the amount of $100,000 for the new 8 per
cent bonds have already been received by
the First National Bank.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan, 1017-1023 Mission,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1398,
OFFICERS OF
GENERAL STAFF
Apportionment Made by
the War Department.
CREDITED TO THE STATES
FRED GRANT'S BATTLE PROB
LEM EXECUTED.
Maneuvers All Carried Out at Chick
amauga According to the Gen
eral's Excellently Con
ceived Plan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— The War
Department has made the following
table of the appointment of officers of
! the general staff, United States Volun
teers, as apportioned among the States
and the regular army:
Alabama, 3; Arkansas, 6; California,
11; Colorado, 7; Connecticut, 8; Dela
j ware, 2; Florida, 4; Georgia, 11; Idaho,
I 2; Illinois, 16; Indiana, 15; lowa, 15;
Kansas, 3; Kentucky, 2; Louisiana, 1;
Maine, 6; Maryland, -5; Massachusetts,
9; Michigan, 2; Minnesota, 12; Missis
sippi, 16; Missouri, 8; Montana, 4; Ne
i braska, 4; Nevada, — ; New Hampshire,
I 4; New Jersey, 5; New York, 57; North
j Carolina, 2; North Dakota, 2; Ohio, 29;
! Oregon, 3; Pennsylvania, 21; Rhode
Island, — ; South Carolina, 5; South
Dakota, 1; Tennessee, 10; Texas, 9;
Utah, 2; Virginia, 10; Vermont, 4;
Washington, 1; West Virginia, 4; Wis
| consin, 5; Wyoming, 2; District of Co
■ lumbla, 12; Alaska, — ; Arizona, 1; In
dian Territory, — ; New Mexico, 1; Ok
lahoma, — ; United Statfs army, 275;
United States Marine Hospital, 1; total,
633.
CHIOKAMAUGA NATIONAL MILI
TARY PARK, June 11.— The event of
to-day at Chickamauga was the execu
tion of General Fred Grant's battle
problem, which comprises a number of
new and difficult maneuvers, and was
watched with great interest by officers
and men. The maneuvers were all well
carried out according to General Grant's
excellently conceived plan, and the fact
was demonstrated that many of them
would be very useful in actual conflict.
The battle began at 7 o'clock and was
concluded before noon.
There were two columns in the for
mation. The first, consisting of the |
First Vermont, the Third Tennessee and j
the Eighth New York regiments, was i
commanded by Colonel Clark of Ver- }
mont, and was formed along the Vine
yard road. The second column, consist
ing of the Fourteenth New York, Sec
ond Nebraska and First Missouri, under
command of Colonel Charles J. Bills of
Nebraska, formed on the Ford road.
On the first hill the two columns met,
when the struggle was begun in earn- I
est. When this was finished General j
Grant threw the two columns together j
to ward off a supposed attack from |
come direction of which he was sup
posed to have knowledge in advance.
General Grant was highly pleased
with the way in which the maneuvers
were executed as were also General
Brooke and all the other officers pres
ent.
Governor Hastings and staff of Penn
sylvania spent the day witnessing the
sham battle, inspecting the Pennsyl- \
vania troops and driving over the field. I
The First Kentucky Infantry, 1300 of
ficers and men, under Colonel John B.
Castleman, arrived this morning. The
number of Kentucky men on the field i
is 3000.
The driveways through the park are
being cut to pieces by thousands of
wagons. The Park Commissioners will
probably put a large force at work on
the roads during the next few days.
A number of recruiting officers left
for home States this morning. Under
the late recruiting order the full com
plement for a company of infantry is
106 men; for a troop of cavalry, 100
men; for a battery of light artillery,
173 men; for a battery of heavy artil
lery, 200 men.
The health of the camp continues to
be good and the authorities are en
couraged to believe that there will be
very little serious sickness. There are
still a large number of regiments par
tially or totally lacking uniforms.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., June 11.— The first
of the four special trains bearing the
First Tennessee Volunteers en route to
the Philippines reached St. Joseph at
9:35 o'clock to-night, the last follow
ing within an hour. They remained
long enough to procure refreshments
and the last train left over the Bur
lington at 11 o'clock.
DENVER, June 11.— Orders have been
received at army headquarters for the
dispatch of the Nevada troop of rough
riders, now at Cheyenne, to San
Francisco, and Colonel Atwood, chief
quartermaster of the department, has
asked for bids from the railroads for
the transportation. This order is taken
as indicating that the entire regiment
is to be sent to the Philippines. The
regiment is not yet fully equipped and
provided with horses, but the several
troops will be forwarded as fast as
they are ready.
CHICAGO, June 11.— Andrew Came- j
gle has sent the following communica
tion to the Scottish Highlanders of Illi
nois in answer to their request asking ]
him to equip a regiment of Highlanders I
for service in the war with Spain, the
regiment to be uniformed in Highland
fashion at the expense of Mr. Carnegie
and to bear his name:
"LANGHAM HOTEL. LONDON, May
80. — I do not believe that the war will
last long, or ever reach the dignity of a
real war. You will see Spain go all
to pieces; much sooner than you could
get the historical Highland garb pro
vided for the regiment proposed. If th*
country were seriously threatened and!
needed stalwart men who could b<»
trusted to carry any position they were
ordered upon, then I should consider
the matter. Meanwhile I believe I am
hnnnred by the suggestion that a body
j of my countrymen from the center of
triumphant democracy should think of
connecting my name with this regi
ment. ANDREW CARNEGIE."
An effort will be made to organize
the regiment if prospects point to a
continuance of the war.
COLONEL CANDEE DEAD.
Was Assistant Paymaster General
and a Well-Known Veteran.
CHICAGO, June 11.— Colonel George W.
Candee, assistant paymaster general of
the army, ami chief paymaster of the
Department of the Lakes, Is dead. Colo
nel Candee was born In Belvedere, N. V.,
in 1836. He was appointed paymaster in
the volunteer army in February, 1R64, was
promoted to the rank of lieutenant col
onel, and in January, 1897, he became a
colonel. He stood third in rank in the
paymaster's department, and would have
been a brigadier general in a few months.
Close Game at Spokane.
SPOKANE, June 11.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Portland 11 10 4
Spokane 12 16 7
SEATTLE, June 11.— Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Seattle 5 7 3
Tacoma 2 1 i
CRUISER ALFONSO XIII
A FLOATING COFFIN.
Copyrighted, 1898, br J«ne» Gordon Bennett.
LONDON, June 1 1. — Captain Aunon has stated
he would not leave Cadiz until the reserve fleet
started and that he would remain aboard the flagship
Pelayo until out of sight of land. It appears the
cruiser Alfonso XIII is not serviceable, being so de
fective that she has been nicknamed the navy "Sar
cofago Ambulante" (floating coffin). The condition of
the Pelayo is very dubious.
GIBRALTAR, June n.— Captain Aunon, Minis
ter of Marine, arrived at Cadiz last night to inspect the
reserve fleet, which will be composed of the Carlos
V, Pelayo, the Alfonso XIII, the Victoria, the Rapido,
the Patria, the Giralda, three destroyers, five trans-At
lantic company's auxiliary cruisers and the Havel,
renamed the Meteoro.
DEBS FORMS
A NEW PARTY
Dissension in Ranks of
Social Democracy.
COLONIZATION AND A SPLIT.
VOTE AGAINST POLITICAL AC
TION CAUSES A DEFECTION.
Platform of the New Organization
Declares for a Vigorous Use of
the Ballot to Remedy
Labor Troubles.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, June 11.— The Social Dem
ocracy, in convention in this city, de
cided by a vote of 52 to 36 in favor of
the colonization scheme, for which pur
pose it was organized, and against the
plan of political action proposed by
Eugene V. Debs. Prior to taking the
vote there was a warm debate, lasting
from early last evening until 2:30
o'clock this morning.
The result of the balloting was an
nounced amid the utmost enthusiasm,
which was bo overwhelming that the
advocates of the political action pro
gramme very gracefully acknowledged
themselves beaten.
As a result of this action there was
a defection of a large number of the
Debs faction, who formed a new or
ganization. Jesse Cox Is temporary
chairman of the new party, William
Maille secretary, and the • executive
committee is composed of Eugene V.
Debs. Seymour Stedman, Victor Berger,
Jesse Cox and Fred Heath. A. S. Ed
wards is made national organizer, and
the national headquarters will be es
tablished somewhere outside of Chi-
cago.
The platform of the new party de
clares for vigorous use of the ballot to
remedy all labor troubles, public own
ership of all monopolies, railroads, tele
graph lines, mines, Introduction of the
initiative and referendum, abolition of
war, women's rights, nationalization of
farm mortgages, the improvement of
farm lands by use of national credit
and uniform postal rate for transpor
tation of grain.
The main body of the social Democ
racy continued its sessions in Uhlrich's
Hall this afternoon. On account of the
many vacant seats, caused by the se
ceding of the Debs faction, the read^
ing of the reports of officers and audit
ing committee was deferred until some
future time. The plan of the coloniza
tion commission to establish at once a
mining colony at Green Mountain Falls,
Colo., was adopted.
The following were then selected as
members of the executive council:
John F. Lloyd, James Hogan, I. Frank,
J. C. Hlnton. L. Goodwin, L. L. Hop
kins, J. Borlund. C. F. Willard and C.
G. Clemens. The choice of a chairman
was left to the council.
Most of the delegates left for their
homes to-night.
SUES FOR ALIENATION
OF A HUSBAND'S LOVE
Action Brought Against Mrs. Addle
B. Bell, Now Residing in San
Francisco.
NEW YORK, June 11.— A special to
the Herald from Rochester, N. V., says:
Forty thousand dollars is the sum
asked by Mrs. Harriet H. Craig of this
city for the alienation of her husband's
affections. She has brought suit against
Addie B Bell of Buffalo, formerly of
Rochester, for this amount.
Mrs. Craig is the wife of Henry H.
Craig, who was for many years a lum
ber dealer in this city and is a million
aire. He is about 56 years old. The
Craig family consists of a married
daughter, living In New York; a
younger daughter in this city, and two
sons here.
About six years ago Mrs. Bell was
divorced from her husband, Craig be
ing one of the co-respondents in the
action. Since that divorce, Mrs. Craig
declares, her husband has spent a great
deal of his time with Mrs. Bell at her
home in Buffalo and he has given her
sums of money amounting to $60,000.
Besides the allenation-of-affections
suit Mrs. Craig brings another for the
purpose of restraining her husband
from squandering his fortune and asks
that a commission be appointed. Mr.
Craig went West in company with Mrs.
Bell several months ago and stopped
in Fargo, N. D., for the purpose, it is
alleged, of getting a divorce and finally
went on to Salt Lake and then to San
Francisco, where Mrs. Bell was intro
duced as Mr. Craig's daughter. The
two became separated in a crowd and
stories of Craig's disappearance were
scattered broadcast.
In her complaint Mrs. Craig alleges
that during and between the years ISB2
and 1898 Mrs. Bell enticed her husband
away from plaintiff and induced him to
give her large sums of money and much
valuable property. She charges that
the defendant and Mr. Craig, about
March 1. left this State for California
so that Craig could obtain a divorce and
then marry the defendant.
Victory for Oregon Athletes.
PORTLAND, June 11.— The Interstate
collegiate grames between the universities
of Oregon and Washington took place
to-day, and resulted In a victory for Or
egon by a score of 71 to 37.
TURNS TABLES
ON A FOOTPAD
Intended Victim Uses a
Club.
FIGHT ON MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
BOBBER RECEIVES A SEVERE
DRUBBING.
Proprietor Cowley of the Summit
Tavern Wins a Desperate Fight
and Saves His
Gold.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
MILL VALLEY, June 11.— A bold at
tempt at highway robbery occurred
near here last evening. Fred Cowley,
proprietor of the tavern at the sum
mit of Mount Tamalpais, was the in
tended victim. That the attempt was
unsuccessful was due entirely to Cow
ley's bravery and quick action.
He had been in town during the even
ing and about 8 o'clock started for
home. When about half a mile out of
town on the trail leading to the sum
mit, and in the vicinity of an old mill,
near the cascades, he rounded the
bend and was suddenly confronted by
a masked man, who stepped out from
behind a tree, and, presenting a re
volver at Cowley's head, ordered him
to hold up his hands.
Comprehending the situation quickly,
Cowley glanced around and perceived
a large stick lying on the ground. He
made a quick movement and managed
■ KITCZ
my It will do you good to read this if you are a man Jp
jB — or if you wish to become one. It is advice, and as is \^^
JmT shown above it is free. Why do you sit down and continue l||v
Jm to be weak? You know you would like above all things to be 'VL •
Ml strong. Yet you make no great effort. You are incapable of 11'^
B making any great effort. Why? Your system has been drained v4^
& of its vitality. Recklessness brings its own reward. It has
B brought you to a sense of being a puny man. Are your «l
B muscles as strong as they should be ? No 1 No organ of your w^
B body is full of the power that marks a well man. Alter it I||
B Alter it to-day. You can. It makes no difference how you ,t||
B have used and abused your strength «L
V& Yes! "Hudyan" i 3 the one thing that will alter — and most fir
|B satisfactorily alter your condition. It will restore to you your B
vim. It will restore to you your life. It will make you strong. B
It will do away with that "tired feeling." ; The physicians of B
theHudsonian Institute place their services freely at your dis- Ms
¥& posal. Why not have what costs you nothing ? Why not be a Mm
man again, when you are*assured that you can ? Surely you &$
do not wish to continue to be one of the weak of the earth ! If Mm
sweet sleep, good health, the full pleasure, of being alive is not M¥
yj^ worth seeking, then what is? Ask for FREE CIRCULARS and JB
testimonials. Ask about "Hudyan." The only thing you AW
thL have to do is to address or call at the J§w
A** '%. HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, Jw .A
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts., J^f i^W^^
rlllc Mtril
ADVERTISEMENTS.
H+B+B+B+B-»-B+B+B+M+H+B+a+P+a+B+B+B+H+B+a+B+H+B
B ' i mil ■ ' H
—^^BB^^^^^BBfcß^^B^ jSr J9t "^*
S"" " B
| GREATEST OF SALES I
I Fop TO-MORROW. |
I — Choice Black |
a Yards ■
lofI of Silk Grenadines!
I .•'. IN BEAUTIFUL DESIGNS I
+ , 2
■ __ /*% CT^^ A YARD. s
+ \J^s^^^^ Worth $1. ■
+ ■■ . ;
+ "~" '' I
I Domestic Department, f
I EXTRA OFFERING. ■
+ 100 pieces WHITE PIQUE - - . . +
+ 25c, 35c and 50c per Yard. +
i 100 pieces COVERT SUITINGS KB - |
+ all new shades, at 121 c per Yard. +
11231 123 to 12Q POST ST. |
B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B-t-g+B
to drop his hat. Stooping as if to pick
the hat up, he instead grasped the club
and brought it down with all his might
on the robber's head. The blow struck
the man on the head and arm, knock
ing the revolver from his hand and
leaving him disarmed.
Cowley proceeded to use the club
with vigorous effect. The robber en
deavored to grapple with him to ward
off the blows. The fellow managed
finally to get hold of Cowley and a
terrific hand to hand struggle ensued.
Cowley tripped the. robber and threw
him to the ground, but the fellow
arose before he could jump upon him.
The robber finally lost heart at the
vigorous defense made by his intend
ed victim. "With the blood from the
wounds on his forehead streaming into
his eyes, he was hardly able to carry
on the combat. He turned and fled
as fast as his heels could carry him.
Cowley pursued him a short distance,
but was tired from his struggle and
gave up the chase.
At the time of the attempt Cowley
had upon his person a large Bum of
money and numerous valuables. It is
probable the would-be robber was ac
quainted with this fact.
The proper authorities have been not
ified of the attempted robbery, but have
as yet no definite clew upon which to
work.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 11.— H. S. Manning
of San Francisco is at the Vendome;
George W. Towle Jr. of San Rafael and
W. D. Richardson of Los Angeles are at
the Fifth Avenue.
♦
Shot by His Playmate.
SEATTLE, June 11.— A most pathetic
fatality occurred in this city this after
noon. Two playmates, both 11 years of
age, found a gun in the home of Dr. J.
N. Prather, and as a result little Benny
Wells lies cold in death. Robert Prather
had the weapon in his hand, trying to
pull back the lock, when there "was ;i
sudden snap and a bullet passed through
his companion's head. There is deep
mourning In the homes of both families,
which are of considerable prominence.STEAMERS FOR
THE KLONDIKE
The All-Water Travel to
Dawson Beginning.
NOT A VERY GREAT RUSH
STEa-MER TILLAMOOK STOPPED
BY CUSTOMS AUTHORITIES.
A Small River Steamer and Eighty
Tons of Coal Will Have to Be
Unloaded Before She Can
Depart.
The all-water route to Dawson may now
be said to be fairly open. Sailing vessels
and etern-wheel steamers have left for
Bt Michael In order to be ready for the
opening of the Yukon and various other
Kind of craft built at D»iich Harbor dur
ing the spring have come out of retire
ment- The first of the regular steamers
pnt away yesterday, and from now on
tk^re will not be a day pass without one
or more vessels starting out for the gold
:ields.
The Alaska Commercial Company's new |
steamer St. Paul was the first to get !
away yesterday. About one hundred j
miners who are going to try their lu.-k on
the Yukon went up on her. and all of
them wert> in the best of spirits as th.>
: steamed away. Louis Slo^s Jr.
went up on the St. Paul and will Inspect
the company's stations on the river be
tore coming home. Captain Erskint-. the
.nown pilot. Is also making a pleas
ure trip on the steamer.
The Alaska Exploration Company's :
steamer Leelanaw got away about 3 p. m.
id a big load of freight for the com
pany'a stores, but she only took away
about sixty passengers. The company's
iera and barges were all built 1
at Dutch Harbor and will be at St. Mi
chael to connect with the Leelanaw on
her arrival. The men who went up on '
the Slntram to put the river steamers j
an<3| bargee together will probably come !
back home on the steamer.
The Tillamook with the stern wheel ;
steamer Ridrout in tow was to have :
sailed early in the afternoon for St. ;
Michael, but she was stopped by the ,
Custom-house authorities. It was de
cided after an inspection that the vessel
was overloaded. an>l the captain and
owners were ordered to remove a small
river boat and S3 tons of coal from the
before the vessel would be allowed :
to seiu Something else will have to
be put off instead of t.ie coal, as it will be
required to replenish the steamer's bunk
ers before she can reach St. Michael.
The steamer Ohio arrived from Seattle
yesterday, and the Indiana Is expected to
day. As soon as their cargoes of coal ,
have been discharged and the vessels
overhauled they will be turned Into trans- i
ports to carry soldiers to Manila.
Captain Kempf and Messrs. "U'inshlp
and Ransome, from the navy yard, sub- i
jected the discarded steamer Centennial
to another Inspection yesterday. Their
report will be made direct to the authori
ties at Washington, and the acceptance
or rejection of the steamer will again
come under consideration.
The crew of the steamer Oregon did
quick work since her arrival. She !
! from Portland last Friday morn- j
,1 they discharged and loaded her'
led again yesterday afternoon
for the CoUimbia River. Pretty quick
work, considering that she had to be
I from the Orep-on dock to Folsom
• wharf to get her outward cargo.
The Interstate Commerce Commission
ers and Senator Callunden of Florida i
■he guests of Harbor Commissioners
C.'lnon and Herrold yesterday. The party
went out on the State tug Governor i
am and enjoyed a most pleasant .
g on the bay.
ANOTHER INDUSTRY
RAISES A PROTEST
THE NEW TARIFF WILL KILL
TARTAR-MAKING.
Thousands Recently Invested in Big
Refineries — A Letter to Senator
George C. Perkins.
The reciprocity treaty that President
McKlnley recently signed wTiereby France
Is to receive certain concessions and prlvl- i
with regard to the duties on her '
tfl is working great injury' to many \
tries of this State, judging by the
Lints madr- by many of the Western '
trers. As has been shown in j
:n;ns. the wine men have raised ■
rotest against the clause in the i
relative to wine, claiming that If j
i^rmitted to go into operation It
means of ruining the win* In
■ ustry of the entire State. A memorial ''
to this effect has been sent to the Pacific
■ delegates in Washington and to the
President himself, coupled with the re- i
quest that the clause complained of at i
be amended.
Another industry has come to the front !
with a protest, Its representatives assert- j
Ing that they will be ruined if the treaty '■
is allowed to go into operation. The in- '
dustry la the manufacture of tartar one I '
of the principal components of the many i '
baking powders used in the making of j '
bread. It Is comparatively new to this ' i
coast, but in the short time it has been ,
found to be profitable considerable capital ,
has been Invested therein. The materials '
used come from the product of the win- i '
cries— refuse that cannot be used by the '
grape growers even as fertilizing mate- | i
rial. The importance of this new Industry ,
may be Judged from a letter that one of ,
those deeply Interested sent to Senator
Perkins. It is only one of several that '
are to be sent, which have been placed |
•in the hands of the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association for its indorsement
and support. It is as follows:
BAN FRANCISCO. June 11, 1898.
' Hon. George C. Perkins, United States Sen- I
ate, Washington— Sir: We were very :
' much dlstreaaed to read in the newspapers of
the proposed reduction ..of the duty on crude
tartar, that la argots and lees. Last fall, en
couraged by the duty placed on this raw ma
terial, we were induced to Invest some $25,000
at Matermore. Fresno County, where we col- j
lected the dregs from the wineries and turned '
them into cash, where formerly It was an ex- '
pense to the wine makers to remove It. We !
keep fifteen to twenty teams employed haul-
Ing this to our factory, besides our regular fac
tory hands, and run a night and day shift.
"It has been demonstrated that crude tartar
can only be manufactured profitably on this i
coast by working on a large scale, the profit
being small, therefore the removal of duty ;
might mean the removal of our profit and
eventually the closing: down of our works.
There are. besides our own, four other prude
cream of tartar factories and a large refinery
In San Francisco, which will equally suffer !
with us and the wine makers of this State.
This is a new Industry in this State, employ-
Ing many men, and It deserves protection now
more than in the future. We may mention that
the Eastern cream of tartar refineries import
their raw material principally from Italy
Spain France and other wine countries of
Europe, sending many thousands of dollars i
abroad which we are trying to keep here.
Another point Is this, that the other countries ,
would ship through France to evade the higher ,
rate of duty. With the neoessary protection
thin industry can be further developed and
msd«! one of the prominent Industries of the
St We hope that you will be able to assist us in
this matter, which will guarantee to us suc
cess to our enterprise and benefit those whom
we employ and the wine makers whose material
we buy Any additional information you may
desire will be gladly furnished. Yours very
respectfully. . R. ROMER.
The letter Is signed by R. Romer. the j
manager of the Fresno Tartar Works.
Several letters of similar import are In the i
hands of Manager Lewis of the Manu- I
facturers' and Producers' Association, and i
to-morrow he will bring them before the
association for indorsement, for Senator
Perkins quickly attends to any recommen
dation coming from this body. As nearly
all those who are making the protest are i
members of the association, there is no
doubt that their complaint will receive
immediate attention.^ -. :
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
m «thou<LTfiagTt^J«liMa4nUfll7»»a«tflWtoP«.^
THE EMPORIUM.
The world-famous painting, "Christ Before Pilate," covering 294 square feet of canvas and exhibiting 40 life-sip figures, now on free exhibition on Main
Floor, opposite Book Department.
Fireworks Are Ready*
There will be a most extraordinary demand for Fire-
works this "Fourth" — in fact, manutacturers talk higher
prices already. But our patrons will get them at the same
low rates as in former years. We have bought an ex-
tremely large stock— and bought it in time.
Assorted cases for home display are our specialty.
They contain a great variety of articles, and would cost a
third more if bought piece by piece. The prices are $1, $2,
?300, $5, $7.50 and Jio.
Everything in Fireworks here.
Send for illustrated price lists.
Dress Goods Prices
Take a Big Tumble*,
The many hundred yards of Pretty Dress Fabrics in
these three lots cannot be duplicated at these prices at
wholesale. The early comers to-morrow will get the pret-
tiest patterns and colorings.
1250 yards 46-inch French Henrietta, strictly all-wool,
in the following desirable shades : Navy, myrtle, cardinal,
bluet, brown and wine 75c a yard is the present actual
value, and excellent at that— while they last, com- _~
mencing Monday morning, our price will be per yard.. OUC
3350 yards 30-inch Genuine French Challirs — all this
season's selections— light and dark ground in neat spray,
floral and polka dot effects— the regular 50c and 60: quali-
ties—commencing Monday morning and v>hile lot .-_ .
lasts— per yard •• •—•• o:3C
2860 yards 36 and 38 inch Fancy Suiting— in fact, all
our regular 25c values— every piece this season's sslec.ion
—commencing Monday morning our closing price will . q
be per yard '• *"^
t Grass Linen
Parasols*
1 dXcioUlo*
Ladies' Grass Linen Parasols, with
fancy linings, cut in dainty striped and
figured effects — paragon frames and
pretty natural wood crook handles, with
silk cord and tassel — each
4>>*JU*
Patriotic Novelties*
Every true American wears some symbol of his patriot-
Ism these stirring times— the big store has given up some
of its very best selling space for the display and sale of
patriotic novelties.
Buttons with single and double flags, with "Remember
the Maine" and with all th* leading generals and com-
m-mders. Metal Pins and Buttons in every conceivable
patriotic desien and idea.
Ladies' Rolled Gold Shirt Waist Sets— the designs :
enameled shields, coats of arms flags, etc.— per set. 50:.
A lull line or brass army uniform buttons.
Muslin Flags from 2c per dozen up.
Silk Flags mounted on sticks, from i;*x3 inch's up to
36x48 inches— prices from 5c up.
A complete line of sizes of Standard United States
Bunting Flags at rock-bottom prices.
# Underwear — Hosiery*
JC^il 200 dozen Children's Fleece Lined
V fd^*\ Egyptian Cotton Combination Suits like
Ai^v&sJ picture — full finished seams — buttoned in
(t/ j*fyp back waist lint— colors natural and ~~
\\ y I ecru— per suit -^ c
*-f I 25 dozen Ladies' Swiss
/ Ribbed Silk Vests— .'ow
"^£3l neck and no sleeves — /• vX
J J elaborately trimmed with \~C*l
• J lace front and back — Jc tsj7
t colors: Cream, flesh, /^JS\ \ I
sky and black— _ c J v \l •> V
each 75c fglN&'-^A
50 dozen Ladies' Black JJ Wn\C^/ I
Imported German Lisle «'l\ j /
Thread Hose., plain :nd \h£^:; ' /
— Richelieu ribbed, with s^*/
high spliced heels and l'*j? ' \
~- .^^ —^toes — .Hermsdorf -- ' '
->^v dye— per pair
Tents and Hammocks*
Bought your Tents and Hammock^ yet? We carry the
largest retail stock of these goods in the city— sure to have
the kind you want and at the right price.
Tents are made of all weights of duck, from the 8 oz.
single to 12 oz. army. A Tent 5x7 feet, complete, with
poles and pins, costs from $4 25 up.
An Bxlo loot Tent, with a 3-foot wall, complete, with
poles and pins, costs from 58.00 up.
Fancy Colored Cotton Hammocks, with spreader at
one end, costs from 75c up.
Same style Hammock, with pillow and spreader, cost
from $1.40 up.
Sisal Grass Mexican Woven Hammocks, with rope
edge, many different styles, from 75c up.
Camp Stools, 20 to 50c. Cots, Si and 2.
Canvas Reclining Chairs, $1 to $1.25.
Anything and everything needed to make camp life a pleas-
ure on sale in the Rig Store.
The "Premiere Gloves/
r— ■ yy 0 ** ~Z*-2 Real Kid— two patent clasps—
/ [ /<«k^/ > >=>~> prettily embroidered backs— perfect
/ L/zr^//^^'" cut and finish — every pair
71 'vf/f'- t^ ■ fitted to the hand— one of the best
' <" . /ill Ladies' Gloves made — in the new-
1 /j/ j I est shades of oxbloods.tans, modes,
1 /A\ * ' browns, also white and black—
///All pcrpair
Will $1.25.
\\U viv j)j-*ZO«
Best Groceries — Cheapest*
These are some of the claims (or your trade in our
Model Grocery Store: Qualities the best that we can pro-
cure—well-known brands only; service prompt and ef-
tirieni; deliveries free in this eLy, Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley, and on $5 worth or more of groceries within 100
miles of San Francisco; our prices positively the lowest.
New Grocery Catalogue ready. Telephone "South 59. < r
These specials for Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday only.
Royal Baking Powder, the i-lb. cans, for three - a
days only at......... 07C
Pearl Dust, Lavarine and "76," the large size ,-
packages, regularly lie, while supply- lasts.. /C
Niagara Gloss Starch, a first-class article, tegu- -,-.
lariy 8; package, tor the three day5..................;4 tor XDC
Shanghai English Breakfast Tea— this chance J- '
won 1 come regularly 49c pound, for three days -3/C
Fancy Evaporated Peaches, very fine, regularly -■- r
I2^c Dound, lor the three days..... .3 pounds 2.Z>C
Eastern Rolled Oats, "quality alright" -_
• 10 pounds 25c
«^^^s^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
•<- I/ ! £^y\ \ T^M^^^^^^~^ c want t0 emphasize the fact that this is a most
i/\l - W YysW* -^^ unusual sale of Boys' Clothing — not by any means an every-day
nr, ■ — I ~s*r* ***' happening and that when these suits have been sold the
n / V\^l^W^ > mX chances are that it will be a long time before an equally as good a
I^LV-^"" l/^ bargain will come our way — and yours.
*^ A New York manufacturer wanted to close out the balance of his season's stock
of Little Boys' Fine Suits, for spot cash, and accepted our offer for the lot That's the reason that we can aj?
sell $5.00, $6.c0 and }8. 00 suits for „ „.„. g>J.T-3
They are made up in some of the prettiest styles that we have ever seen— lB9B Juniors, Middles, Vestees and
Sailors. They are made from American and foreign worsteds and woolens, richly trimmed, substantially lined and
stoutly sewei with silk. ■ <~% mmm
The sizes are for boys 3to 8 years. Not a suit in the lot can be duplicated for less than $5.00 — vf% "\ £+■
most of them from $6.00 to 58.00. The sale price while the lot lasts — .......... *^ s^. m ■ v-r
If for any reason (and you don't have to tell the reason to us) you are dissatisfied with a suit after getting it
home, bring it back and receive your money without question.
sTSiL. Silver Plated Ware mIX
The clean-up of the entire stock of one of the best-known manufactories in America of Quad-
ruple Silver-Plated Ware goes on sale to-morrow at fully one-third less, in many instances half,
usual regular prices. The stock comprises a very large assortment, in the newest designs, of
/fh ■ Tea Sets Puff Boxes
itX _«» Pickle Castors Thermometer* $\
r/^^ef^~^*"^?^vl ] I TL-» ,V*[ JJ °.>' Bter Ladles Cheese Scoops \ "^^MUyA
y<. j *z-^2±LL r"~Tf u^V.V 1 <•&„,. f*X\Jr Berry Dishes Curllngr Irons > JoL^ 11 I ~^^ J '^C - \ //
— i -\ss' — m\ C ' plate, satin engraved, fancy >£>-3s*S^/ I.'^^ \JJ L. **$&£^V
This Very Handsome Five-Piece Coffee border $1.38 V^""^"a^&'^ >s>i V ra^^"/
Ser, with tray, quadruple plate, satin en- Berry Spoon, gold bowl, in lJ&'^^S ~ sa" \*~^. -el
graved, creamrr and spooner gold lined, satin-lined box $1.38 >8-» jjta**** v <Ss£?*^Q
regularly sold at $15.00, sal." &•*} r\r\ Cream Ladles, the 90c kind, *&* — _—
price 4>/.UU in satin-lined box 50c This Stylish Beautifully Satin Engraved
Sugar Spoons, the 50c kind, Four-Piece Tea Set, with shield, creamer
/-. in satin-lined box 25c and spooner, gold lined, instead &-i -3/-
jo^r\ . Sugar Spoons, the $1 kind, of J lO the sale price only- 4>/«OD
yOS&3vOV with gold bowl > in satin-lined -
p£®^k This Very bb ° X ' ,' 5 ° C £j&
WW% Castor, heavy^^^^^^^ \S^Jjs£*r^^ Water Pitcher ijjf^^'W )|
il^^. sale only Satin Embossed sale at / \/W
M sale only This Pretty Butter Quadruple Plated sale at / . v ff
This Pretty Butter Quadruple Plated / *ff
)ki^^o?l. no Dish, lass stand, Cake Basket, like pic- .^ cB»««)Ol*/c B » ««)Ol*/
/OC. quadruple plated top, ture, cheap at £2.75, $2 50. fi-^^^K
regularly ooc, /r\^ sale price... *< qq * *. d* __^»^
sale price OUC - $\.7Q * ay *- «»*^ay
Summer Goods in Domestic
Department*
Five decided bargains in Wash Fabrics, Linens, \
etc. These prices good any day this week.
Printed Organdies, in 24 different styles and colors-
all the most stylish 1898 effects— width 32 «_ v .
inches. Price this week only Jsc Yard
Dublin Ducks, in linen effects— small, neat designs- i
suitable for ladles or children— widtn 27 <r . , r .
inches. Price this week only 10c Yard
125 Extra Heavy All-Linen Cream Dam3sk Clohs,
7^ feet long, in new and pretty designs— <t1 _ n — ,
hemmed ready for use. Very special 4)1.50 each
150 dozen % size All-Linen Cre?m D.imisk Nap-
kins — patterns to match above chilis. Pcr Ct _ r
dozen — _ $1.75
175 White Dimity Summer Bedspreads, in v^ry pretty i
figured designs— the large 11-4 size. Special this rr
week at. — - - 50c
Three Big Bargains,
Gas Lamp Department,
Just received, 503 Globe Incandescent
X\Wnl([l//, Gas Lamps, worth Si.2^, whicu we
twill sell complete with a 6-inch Acm-
v^ v iite**' Vs Chimney, at the extreme. y low _._. !
price of 55c •
iJgzC&uJZ fe fi^jfe- Another lot of those 35c Mantles «_.
f^rPIP^S —while they last, each 20c
j<^?- IMSkL^^x:' Acme Lead Flint Glass Chimneys—
yyy^/l^^^^ 6 inches— worth 15c each— will be R
/TT^wMifvSAy OC
'V//</K\\\v> Kant Krack Mica Chimneys— wear
'' iffA» * . better, look better, are better than -,-.
the ordinary Micas— each .-. 2\JC
To make this a banner week we will again give away
with every $3 purchase in this department one of those
Handsome Fancy Globes, worth from 50c to $1.25, abso-
lutely free of cost
Cameras and Supplies*
You can illustrate history these days with the simple
yet perfect picture taking camera that sell so cheaply.
Views of the warships, of the military
camp, soldiers on the march, etc., will _^'-
De valued treasures later on. J/^
The new 1898 Model No. 1 Vive Jw^ql
Camera, that makes a picture 4x4 r i
inches and holds either 12 or 18 glass f L*-giJha»>
plates or 50 films, at the big store *_ __ U iJ»p~7|^|
costs 0n1y..... .pO.UU U7H_ J '| rj
The No. 4 Vive Camera, thar makes / /i/ i T = v'^
a picture 4x5 and has sam: *ja«« / / . I.V .■
capacity as No 1 Vive, costs... >p*U.UU / v J; ( S\
You will also need a Gilson Adjust- A=-^* •=-*3j .
able Album, with interchangeable leaves, Cr=J""~^jr'^
in which to preserve the views you take. *— 1 [u^»: ;
These albums are made in several sizes, , ~Aj Ki^
holding from 1 to 48 leaves, price from K J J^J\C>^-.
80c up. *-*-O" T
We have awe 1 1- appointed darkroom which is free to our pa'
trons, also a practical photographer who will gladly assist the
beginner. : ■ .
''$% j^^^A^^^^^^^g^MiJF/^^if'M/JL $~* f^TM^^^T^^s^^^^&^i
I THE EMPORIUM. |
THE EMPORIUM. |
Dress Linings*
It Is not alone on the largest and most conspicuous
articles that patrons save money in the Dig store. Here
are some of our prices in the Lining Department.
15 pieces Roman Stripe Taffeta Skirt Lining, 36 inches
wide, assorted patterns, special price this week <-
while the lot lasts .' Yard JZ2C
12 pieces Black Armure Moire Shirt Lining, 32 inches
wide, special price this week while the lot A-,
lasts Yard \2\c
j~j)JpL Dress Trimming
fIM^F Bargain.
.^Jx'JfcjfK tn)CR\ Black Silk Gimp Trimming, 1 Inch
<d3s>C^S^>o ! &L wide, 2 styles, as shown in picture,
T^^Y^^^if^ real value 40c yard, special price.
this weeK ........••••••• • ••• •.... ~-^w
Belts and Belt Buckles.
A large selection of Ladies' Belts, Belt I uckles,
Belt Se's in Jewel and Steel If fee s, at specially-
reduced price >. Too many varieties to give de-
tailed descriptions. See them when you visit the
store this weec.
Another Important Sale
Steel Enameled Ware*
) , »^V_ -I We have received
( I \1 11/ ,/^3hC\ another carload of this
\> V \J 4m* \ ■ best Kitchen Ware,
// I V iQ 7f:-(47 f: - (4 every piece of which
(C L ■— *; ' s guaranteed perfect,
»^^v *~- in— T S^r t r ==: anc^ rom which we
//^^SvietJ^r' — quote the following
,*TfA»i —^"la't-^J^kVS. specials for Monday
£, - (\_Sjf H/ \ an Tuesday.
1 1 / fpi^ffl / \ If quantities of the
1 1 " lih v J '//] listed articles should
fis^^^ vi'JbnfiK~Y £™ c out equally «
I mB Dl MJIP good bargains will
I \^j£^=L=^^rt^y be put on sale in
Meir place.
\ — ,g====^rz^ Steel Enameled
r— j_ | Straight Sauce-
*"' " C»^-^ pans, 4 quart 23c
Steel Enameled Lipped Saucepans, 2^ quart. ..........12c
Steel Enameled Puddine Pans, 3 quart. nc
Steel Enameled Bread Pans, 9% inches long by 3 inches ■
deep — 275 only at.........'. .....................0;
Steel Enameled Pie Plates— 10 inches diameter : 7c
Steel Enameled Coffee Pots, 2 quart 5ize.................... .24c
j Steel Enameled Rice Boilers, \y± quart size, with extra -
. heavy enameled covers .:.... .............142C
Steel Enameled Dish Pans, 14 quart 5ize......... ........34c
A small line of Genuine Peppered Steel Enameled
Ware — a few only of each article wiU be closed out
at 33 1-3 per cent less than our regular prices.
THE EMPOEIUM.
Men's Furnishings;
Men's Maco Socks, full finished, extra spliced'heel
and toe, warranted stainless, black and tans — 3 />,-
pairs jLoZ
Full Finished Natural Gray Merinb Socks, super f
weight and fine gauze — regular value 20c IZ^C
Men's Fancy Bordered Hemstitched Handkerchiefs,
good quality cambric— newest designs— sc, 7^c, f^,
loe and lz_>C
Boys' Worsted Sweaters, colors navy and red, they
have deep sailor collars with two rows of white * 4 nrk
striping „ $J.UU
Heavy California-made Working Gloves, full rA
welted and good fitting— generally sold at 75c pair-... OUC
We think we sell the best Workingmen's Shirt in th*
market. They are full cut and the patterns are woven —
not printed. The best proof of their value is the fact _ ft '
that our trade for them is rapidly increasing— OUC
Heavy Double Twill Black Sateen Shirts, guaranteed
fast color. This is a value that cannot be matched * f nrk
elsewhere. It is a leader with us 4>J»UU
"Stuttgarter" Sanitary Abdominal Bands, recom-
mended by physicians to the boys bound for Manila — on
all sizes, from 32 to 46 waist 7UC
Pajamas in every accepted material— Madras, Flan-
nelette, French and English flannels — prices from *.■ /\
11.451 1.45 to - $4.50
Men's Negligee Shirts.
A great showing now — all lines >-«->v
are complete, but the picking of the pret- /±£*£\
tiest ones has begun and will grow more /^"vj
rapid every day. For instance, in four V A/
sorts of dollar shirts there are to-day yfinid\~
more than 50 patterns course this r£pnf?\
variety cannot be maintained through li u§m / [ \
the entire season you must buy at once IIMMf \ \
for a choice of the assortment. i^Mf§sL V \
Stanley Shirts— collars and * , n _ / JHsm W>
cuffs attached $I.oofc^^^>/ /
Pretty Madras Shirts with *Inn Vi J {%/{ :
separate cuffs- 3>>.oU i i ' \
Plaited Madras Shirts, with & < nr . 1 I \k\
separate cuffs * $1.00 V l .Ei ■
Full Bodied Percale Shirts, with separate *< rtrk
cuffs to match $1.00
French Flannel Golfs, to be worn with linen *-»>-«
collars $1.50 to $2.50
Negligee Shirts in Pongees, Madras and &A ,--.
Penangs— from _ si.oo to $4.0U
Men's Furnishings, First Floor-
Near Market-street Entrance.
Men's 50c Underwear f\
We have made a special effort to J X \/&^
procure the most complete line of 50c L\\&y
Underwear that the mills have pro- / v jA^s^»/
duced. We show twelve varieties at ( < \TP~^
this popular price. The materials are \*y * I *^
fancy ribbed and flat balbriggans in \\ / — —
several — summer merinos and \\ / *~*
regular weight merinos. The colors are \) / *•
ecru, salmon, natural gray and light _Ji I — .
blue. The make and cut is excellent — W _ — -»
as good as shown in the better _.-. A VgJrLr^
grades - - — ..— 50c 1
■4
Furniture and Carpets*
'Beginning [Monday, and for one week only, we
quote these special prices on reliable Furniture and
well-known makes of Carpets.
/^^\. Handsome
' iktP^SSlSp^ fP^h 3-pieceMahog-
lU^ J^d^^%^-%^ ml; , A\W anized Set, like
' " ' '' )Ar V / //A\ carvings- -bey-
— ' — H lr& 'j JJ \\ e ' ec * French
~" "~~t£;, '4(lS^-^>~-' ) P' ate mirror —
- — : — I J^ip^irri-^^ <. ordinarily sold
[ ■ " "11 ( i&=m ■ X for 530— our
n r .»0...«.7^r^ J^-*=M{f ' —^^fr regular price
iy jgr_ 5,5. This
==^ ==^^^_^_to7 >tt g=^___^ week, and this
- —^jTni^^ week $17.75
tpf P^jtyj "■" _T^^ FullsizeWool
- -'T-' ~^~ " f—*,^, ,>>-<>, >s-* » -.- Mattresses.-
\j ~ $2.25
Full siz? Hair Mattress $7.50
Hieh y Polisied Ma-
hogany Finished Dress- /^=====^=^v\ *
ing Table, as in picture — r>[(t~/' ■
large drawer — artistical- Sill <^<r ' jjf(
ly shaped French plate— M]] '' / /^^((v\
beveled mirror. *___ /{ ( / ''/) )\'\
This week on y.. 4) 7. /O yV^== ::::r:::::^/*A
Parlor Suits— 5 pieces (£>h —^T~" \
—hand polished— uphol- /mT^T-" «7.r /ft
stered in gooJ damask. /[ ]l -^-ILyi
This week . 1A __ WirtT' — tF*^ — -~Tri^\
$14.75 jp>_*»» i^^f "I
Parlor Suits— 6 pieces fifW '/
— hand carveJ — uphol- ljlil . \Jj II
stered in fine silk da- \t~y~^ '■ — 'f~ \\ — ~*"~
mask— worth 575. This J*. J|l w ' tL UJA^- «*'
week reJu;ed e , rr » nn ~ B-Wl*— ««u.e=j= pm N^
to $52.00 vis.yiy^z- b--JF* •
Parlor Rockers — solid «-'-^/-^^-- -. ■ --M^^p''
mahOßany — covered in -■ «« •- --•■--»—»^—
the finest of goods— well worth $12.50. This <+- ~-
week.. • - 4>/«^3
Discount Sale of Carpets
And Rugs of the best make to clear the floor. It is not
probable another such opportunity will be presented this
season.
85 c Tapestry Carpets— 10 $1. 10 Velvets for — 90c
wire - 65c 55c Ingrains f0r....- 35c
60c T.?p:stry Carpet f0r..45c ! 65c Linoleums for 40c
Si. 35 Body Brussels for97^c I
Handsome All-wool Smyrna Rugs— size 30x72 inches-
made in the finest Oriental and Persian designs— * f __.
rugs regularly sold for 53.25. For this week 3>1.70
Family Refrigerator $4.90.
. North Star Refrigerators— very best kind made—
on special sale this week.
. Hardwood— cork filled—
V^bjpg=ESEi Tjr* These are some of the
— ' 't / reasons why so many people
"1 n T~ • I I use them:
IL 11 ■■' I Ice economy (seven walls
/worn mao <= 1^ 0 protect it) — chamber lined
W^f/^f^'l^^^^s» with galvanized steel— im-
*_' L: proved ice rack — removable
•wnilfi/Uiy ift drain pipe — automatic trap —
iir«- 1, I \ If perfect circulation — shelves
'I^SMzMI II galvanized steel — patent cas-
M ==-— — -'^^^rJ tors— bronze trimmings — lids
• \v 1- '"'_=: j^simi locked at corners— superior,
• M) 1 I durable finish,
xj T" "U We have 20 sizes in stock
— the largestaccommodating
a keg of beer, besides the ice meat compartments, etc.
Smallest family size holds 25 lbs ice and is 24 inches
wide, 13 inches deep, 30 Inches high, 125 pounds <£/««
weight. Special price this week... $4.^0
I THE EMPORIUM.
56
SUNDAY. v ..................... JUNE 12, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ,
Address All Communications to W. a LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts-. S. P.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to £21 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tljls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. ■ '
THE WEEKLY CALL Off ymr. by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE «. «« ..90S Broadway
HEW YORK 0FF1CE....!.... Room 183, World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl££« Hone*
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE .. Marquette Butldln*
C. GEORGE KROGiNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK. 387 Hayes street, «oen until '
9.30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 :
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock. i
1841 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open' until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1506 PolK street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana *
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- < ■
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia—" The New Dominion "
Baldwin—" The Passion Play.'
AJcarar -"Tho Master of Ceremonies. "
Slorosco's— "The Cotton King '
Tlvoll— "An American Hero."
Orpheum — Vaucevil'.o.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Cannon, tho 618-pound Man
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets. Specialties.
fcuiro Baths — Mvimmtnj,
El Campo— Music dancing; boatln?, flshlnr, every Sunday,
Eecreatlon Park— Baseball this afternoon.
Conrslng — Ingleslde Coursiug Park.
Coursing— At Union Coursing Park.
Excursion to Los G.itos— Friday, June 17.
THE BOND ISSUE.
A DEMOCRATIC free silver morning contem
porary, which never neglects an opportunity
to attract attention to itself by interfering in
public affairs which do not concern it, has opened a
subscription book for the forthcoming Government
bond issue. This sheet says it desires to see the war
bonds thoroughly distributed among the people of the
United States and stoutly opposes their purchase by
the bloated bondholders. It, therefore, calls upon the
people to visit its office and put their names down
for a subscription. Anything above $25 will be ac
cepted.
"They (the bonds) offer the safest investment for
the savings of the people," says this yellow financier.
"There was never a default on the part of Uncle Sam.
Banks may break, but the Government goes on for
ever and pays its debts whatever happens. The inter
est is 3 per cent, and it is certain."
It is a little over a year since this same journal was
clamoring to have the Government bonds already out
standing paid in silver, worth in the bullion market
less than 50 cents on the dollar. At that time it de
manded the free coinage of silver and declared that
the Government had never agreed to pay any of its
bonds, except the two last issues under Cleveland, in
gold. It did not maintain that silver was worth as
much as gold, but it has an interest in several silver
mine*, and it thought if the free coinage of the metal
could be forced value would be added to its mines
and it could afford to burn up a few more papers and
thus increase its circulation.
We presume that the subscription this yellow
blatherskite has now started will be a gold subscrip
tion. Does it propose to accept subscriptions in sil
ver? If it does, and the Government will take silver,
perhaps it may on the surface of things make out a
case for itself, although the silver will be taken on a
gold basis. But if the transactions which it now pro
poses to close on behalf of its clients are to be con
ducted in gold, what guarantee have we that after the
war is over it will not again demand the free coinage
of silver and the return of the money of the people
In fifty cent dollars?
These questions are important and should be an
swered in advance. If the yellow financier's scheme is
a bunko game the poor people who are asked to pa
tronize h should know it They are requested to sub
scribe for the bonds in gold; will the bonds be re
paid in gold? If not, then the scheme is a swindle
and the bloated capitalists should be allowed to take
the bonds.
Among the reasons for not thinking that China
has sold ships to Spain for gold are the circumstances
that China has no ships and Spain no gold. Besides
this, if the nations in question were bountifully sup
plied with the essential elements for a dicker of this
sort, the transaction would not be permitted. Let's
worry about something else.
There is no reason for believing that Blanco will
pve up Havana upon the simple request of this coun
try. The man is a tremendous liar, but even if also
a coward, something there is no ground for suppos
ing, he might as well fight as go back to Spain and
be executed. •
Naturally people are prejudiced against the Cen
tennial. A ship that is sold for such a sum that one
month's service for the Government will pay for her
is not a first-rater, unless the buyer happened to get
an unparalleled bargain.
The way things look at Manila now, the gentlemen
who are anxious to get the head of the insurgent
leader and sell the same for $25,000 would find it
money in their pockets to leave that head right where
it is.
There is an unkind intimation that Bryan is to be
sent to the front much in the spirit that David of old
once dispatched a gentleman to a point where the
scrapping was to be hot.
The fact that Linares and Blanco unite in declaring
that no Spanish torpedo boat has been sunk is the
first tangible evidence that this is exactly what hap
pened to it.
One of the islands on which the United States have
designs is Yap. Having secured it, an excellent plan
would be to make of it a refuge for yellow journalists.
If Spain is really anxious to settle this little affair
by an appeal to some power she can do so. There's
the United States, for instance.
When an item of news is headed "From Spanish
Sources," there is no particular reason for reading it
unless one desires to kill time.
In organizing a new Cabinet Spain would be going
to unnecessary trouble. It could do nothing more
than fall.
Never until the present war did the cutting of a
cable fail to have the effect of delaying messages.
THE MEN WHO DO THE FIGHTING.
VICTORIES in war are associated with the names
of commanders. The great admiral is the sea
fighter who can handle his ships and fight them
to the best advantage and with the least confusion.
The great general is the man who can handle the
most men in battle and so fight them that he gets the
best out of every man in his formations. But neither
admiral nor general can win without fidelity and cour
age and pride in the men whom he mo\es as parts of
a machine.
It is a common error of civilians to believe that men
in the ranks fight from motives of revenge. It is
civilians and historians who laud such battle-cries as
"Remember the Alamo" and "Remember the Maine."
The fighting sailor and soldier has in mind the honor
of his corps, his command, his country. "England
expects every man to do his duty" was a more thrill
ing call to "Tommy Atkins" than any appeal to preju
dice or revenge. "Don't give up the ship," uttered by
the dying Lawrence, is the sentiment that inspires
every man-of-war's-man under Dewey, Sampson and
Schley. These unnamed heroes, unknown to their
countrymen by name except when they fall fighting,
are the dependence of their country. We know them
only when —
"Their hearts can feel no more
The rapture of the fight."
They are the men who held back their shots when
the Spanish admiral, Montijo, driven from his own
ship as she roasted in the flames, carried his flag to
another deck in an open boat within range of their
guns. He was a brother fighter, made of their stuff,
and in admiration of his courage, common with theirs,
they refused the advantage and gave him his life. They
are of the same stuff as Cervera, who, in circumstances
illustrating a common heroism, took aboard Hobson
and his men after the sinking of the Merrimac to his
undoing and sent out of the hot battle in which they
had corked him to their commander his compliments
upon their courage in executing a feat that will gild
the story of devotion to the end of time.
These men in the ranks in our army and navy are
the concrete of our national character, the expression
of its fighting quality, its admiration of courage, its
chivalry to the enemy and its steadfast resolve that
their flag must win, its arms must triumph. Among
them revenge has little place. Their motives are not
rooted in passion. They fight, not like the beasts
that perish, but for a principle, for a country, for the
homes they have left and the flag that leails them on.
In their exaltation of spirit they do daring things.
Life is precious to them only because it is theirs to
give up that their country may not die. Their im
mortality is its permanence, and their blood ce
ments the stones of its foundation that it may never
fail nor fall.
Perhaps but few of them could tell, as philosophers
might, that all government rests finally upon force,
and that force must come in the tearless eye and tire
less arm of fighting men. But they know instinctively
that lacking such men, government, its orders and its
institutions, cannot be in the world. So they are the
patient source of it all. They make possible the free
dom of person and the rights of property, which are
the pri7es man ha? gained through civilization. Their
measured march and the music of their cruns shake the
earth and make whirlwinds in the air to proclaim the
permanence of government and the perpetuation of
civilization.
When we read of victories won and the principles
they establish, let us not forget the men in the ranks
by whose valor these things come.
OUR INTERESTS IN CHINA.
REPORTS recently made to the British Foreign
Office on the commercial dealings of various
nations with China are of considerable interest
to us, inasmuch as they show that our trade with the
country' is in excess of that of either Germany or Rus
sia, is second only to that of Great Britain, and
amounts in the aggregate to upward of one-seventh
of the entire foreign trade of the Chinese empire.
According to the statistics included in the reports
which have been given out, our principal trade with
the Chinese is in cotton goods. It is said that last
year the China trade took from the United States up
ward of $7,480,000 worth of cotton goods, or almost
half of all the American cotton goods shipped abroad.
It is noted that the Chinese as a rule, and particularly
those of Manchuria, prefer American drills and sheet
ings to similar articles of European make, because
they are heavier and of better texture. The expert of
American kerosene oil ranks second in importance to
that of cotton goods. In 1806 China took 33,000,000
gallons of American oil and 28,000,000 gallons of Rus
sian oil, so that in this trade also we lead our Russian
rivals in the Chinese market.
For some years past our trade with China has been
rapidly advancing, and the variety as well as the
quantity of our exports to that country has increased.
We have now a considerable market there for wheat,
canned goods and for manufactured articles of all
kinds, and recently there has been a large demand for
iron and steel and railroad materials. The importance
of this trade is fully appreciated in higher commercial
circles, and earnest efforts are now being made to se
cure what we have and provide for its extension.
Under conditions now prevailing there can be no
question but what the industrial and civilizing move
ment now begun in China would bring about a very
largely increased trade with this country in the
course of a comparatively few years, from which
large benefits would accrue to California and the
whole Pacific Coast. The only cloud upon the pros
pect of such an increase is that caused by the advance
of Russia toward domination in China, which would
mean of course the closing of the markets to our
produce so far as ft competed with that of the Rus
sians themselves.
The United States have taken no part in the game
.now being played by English, French, German and
Russians for advantage in the Orient, and yet as these
statistics show our commercial interests there are su
perior to those of any nation except Great Britain.
Moreover we are gaining upon Great Britain, and a
few years more of uninterrupted development would
undoubtedly give us the first place in the Chinese
markets.
With the enactment of wise legislation to promote
American shipping we would in a short time have a
trade with the Orient which would put San Francisco
into the front rank of commercial cities. It behooves
us. therefore, to guard those interests with wise fore
sight and due energy. We need take no part in the
l?nd grabbing now going on along the Chinese coast,
but we should see to it that our commercial rights
there are not sacrificed to European aggression.
Soldiers who had their clothing burned while on
the way out here may comfort themselves by the re
flection that some of the regiments had reached this
city before they got enough clothes to start a blaze
with.
The Monterey could doubtless take care of herself
in any kind of a fight, but her decks are not adapted
to the carriage of coal.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
THE APPROACHING CAMPAIGN.
PERPLEXED by the confusion in their camp
and divided one against another by bitter jeal
ousies, the Democratic leaders are none the less
vigorous and energetic in their preparations for the
campaign. The very dissensions among them prompt
to this activity, for it is clear that in the Democratic
race this year the maxim, "Devil take the hindmost,"
will be fulfilled to the letter.
One "needs go fast when the devil drives" is an
old saying, and every Democratic candidate for office
and every friend of a candidate is going as fast as he
can. Confusion there is and distrust, and men seeking
the scalps of their neighbors, but there are no lag
gards in the camp. The work of arming and organ
izing goes swiftly on.
In all this there is something of danger to the Re
publican party. Sure of the strength of the organiza
tion, confident of the harmony which prevails in the
ranks, and rendered sanguine of success by reason of
the divisions in the camp of the enemy, the Repub
lican leaders seem to be negligent of the contest be
fore them. While the Detnocrats are active the Re
publicans are waiting. In the Democratic camp prep
arations for the State convention are under way, but in
the Republican camp there is hardly any sign of get
ting ready for the coming conflict
The recent convention of Republican League clubs
in this city is about the only evidence that has been
given of the real energy of the party. That the con
vention did much good is beyond question. It
brought together influential Republicans from all sec
tions of the State and had a potent effect in rousing
the ardor of the rank and file. It will lead to an in
crease in the membership of Republican clubs and go
far toward getting the party ready for the coming
contest, but that is not enough. The clubs do not
represent the party organization. They are auxiliaries
and not commanders. They can and will give help,
but they can neither organize nor lead the battle line.
It is time for some show of activity on the part of
the men entrusted with the control of the Republican
organization in the State. This is a good year for the
Republicans, but it is not going to be a "yellow dog"
year. The great victory in Oregon was not won by
chance. The Oregon Republicans entered the field
early, they put up a strong platform and nominated
a strong ticket and made a strong fight. Republicans
in California to achieve a similar succeess must adopt
similar tactics.
The platform of the party is not a subject of dispute.
All are agreed as to what that will be. The danger
point is the State ticket. A blunder in that may result
in defeat along the whole line. Strong and confident
as the party is, it cannot elect any man known or sus
pected to have affiliations binding him either to
bosses or to corrupt corporations and monopolies.
The nominee for Governor must be a man of in
dependent mind and unassailable integrity. He must
represent true Republicanism and stand for the inter
ests of the people and the welfare of the State. Such
a man will be elected by an overwhelming majority,
but the nominee of a boss, or the tool of a corporation
engaged in politics, will be defeated.
Consideration of the party ticket should not be
much if any longer delayed, and in that consideration
every member of the party should share. The nom
inees of the State ticket should be chosen by the party
as a whole. The campaign will soon be near at hand.
Time passes quickly. Activity on the part of Repub- \
lican leaders is necessary to counteract the incessant
work going on among the Democrats.
FIGHTING AGAINST FOLLY.
AN earnest and vigorous effort is being made by
the conservative Democratic leaders of the
East to draw their party out from the slough
of Bryanism and put it on firm ground in time for the
campaign this fall. Over and over again they utter
words of warning against the folly of free silver
finance, and with urgent insistence exhort to wiser
policies and more patriotic courses.
One of the most notable efforts in this direction
was recently made by Senator Gorman in opposing
his Democratic colleagues in the Senate on the pro
posal for the coinage of the silver seigniorage. Among
other things he said to them:
"In my judgment it would be unwise, It would be
fruitless to attempt to force that question to the front
while the country has the Spanish army and navy to
confront. That is a question we ought to fight out
in time of peace. I have always been a partisan. I
have voted for my party even when some of its can
didates did not quite meet my approval. But in a
crisis like this I do not know my party. I know only
the highest interests of my country. Knowing how
sharp is the political division upon this proposition,
I cannot vote for it at this time, no matter how just
it may be in the abstract, or as a proposition stand
ing alone."
The plea of Gorman was in vain. With but few
exceptions the Democratic Senators held to their
course of Bryanism and folly. They put their party
on record as favoring a measure sure to provoke dis
cord and dissensions among the people at a time
when "the country has the Spanish army and navy to
confront." Thus, as Gorman pointed out, they have
entered upon a policy which, even if it were wise in
time of peace, is not only unstatesmanlike, but un
patriotic at this crisis in the affairs of the nation.
Gorman does not stand alone "in his fight against
the fools and fanatics of his party. Great Democratic
papers like the New York Times and the Philadelphia
Record struggle with him against the heavy odds of
partisaa blindness and stupidity. Up to this time,
however, it is to all appearance a hopeless battle. The
followers of Bailey in the House and of Tillman in
the Senate are as besotted as ever in their devotion to
the false gods that led their party to destruction in
1896.
The campaign of this fall will be largely a repeti
tion of that of two years ago. On the one side will
be the great mass of patriotic people going forward
under the Republican administration to new issues of
war and of peace, and on the other side a demoralized
faction of calamity howlers shouting for free silver,
or greenbacks or any old thing that promises cheap
money for the multitude. The result cannot be con
sidered doubtful. In every Congressional district
there will be thousands of conservative Democrats
who will say with Gorman: "In a crisis like this I
do not know my party. I know only the highest in
terests of my country." They will vote for sound
money, for protection and for patriotism.
If the mere flaunting of Captain Evans' linen after
the wash is to be taken as the signal of surrender, the
captain is advised to keep his shirt on.
Spain would be foolish to send relief ships to Cer
vera without holding in reserve a squadron to relieve
the relief.
Unless the fall of Santiago involve the killing of
Butcher Pando it can never be classed as a complete
success.
Hurrah for the American flag flying in Cuba or
anywhere else!
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
A writer in the Visalia Delta, under
the caption, "Musings," presents many
bright ideas. The advice he sand
wiches among his paragraphs is often
good and always well intended, yet
when he sayß "Don't stir up a polecat
with a short stick" he wanders Into
error. The implication is plain that
he thinks the part of wisdom is to use
a long stick in stirring up the animal.
My view of the case is that he would
far better not be stirred up with a stick
of any length.
• • •
There was a day when not to be able
to agree with Arthur McEwen was a
disappointment to me, forcing 1 me to
distrust my own judgment. But the
passing of time demonstrated that
whenever McEwen Took a position in
a public matter he was about as sure
to get the wrong side of it as the sun
to rise in the east. Hence, gradually
I learned to disagree from his conclu
sions and suffer no pang. Neither did
he experience any distress, nor were
friendly relations in the least marred,
so no harm was done. Now McEwen
has been attacking McKinley for the
manner in which the war has been con
j ducted. Far from being sorry to take
issue with him in this instance, to do
so is an actual pleasure. No citizen
wants to think the President "a weak
kneed wobbler," which is the assertion
McEwen makes, and which he pro
ceeds with some elaboration not to
j prove. Of course, had the distinguished
i critic been put at the head of military
affairs, armed with a pen and writing
j his orders at regular space rates, the
! Castilian would now have beenhidingin
the caves of his native land, and the
little misunderstanding which per
sists In enduring have been but the
memory of triumph. It seems to me
i that the war has progressed with reas
| onable dispatch, and that the conduct
of it has been such that the enemy has
had to do most of the dying.
There are several ways of looking at
the act of Cervera in notifying Samp
; son that there were American prison
• ers in Morro Castle. I fail to see the
: culpability of the admiral. It seems to
me that the brave Hobson and his as-
Bociates were treated with every cour
tesy. The mission to which they bent
: such splendid energies as to excite the
admiration of the world was not a mis
sion of peace. If we are correctly in
formed, the heroes of the Merrimac
omitted olive branches from their scant
equipment. They freely offered their
lives in the expectation that their er
rand, if successful, would crush the
Spanish fleet. They were observed,
and the Spanish saw them Jump into
the- water. Cannon had been boom-
Ing at the Merrimac, but at sight of
the valiant Americans swimming away
from the fated ship the gunners ceased
their work. They would not fire. As
prisoners of war the Americans were
kindly received. Naturally they had
to be placed in confinement, but no ob
ligation, save that prompted by chiv
alry, was on the admiral to send word
of their safety. He later sent word
that they were in Morro Castle, and
thereat uproar sounded. Supposing he
had put them there and said nothing
about it? But he made their where
abouts known, and so the chance of
their being killed by their friends was
' reduced to a minimum. It does not
seem to me a crime, although not as
, suming to be versed either in the arts
; or ethics of war, I am willing to accept
i proof to the contrary.
• • ♦
In these times there is peculiar re
spect for the veteran of the Civil War
and a tendency to listen to his opin
ion. So the writing of Ambrose Bierce
on military topics has been read and
approved, for he is an old soldier, and
there is no secret that he was a good
one. Personally I had followed hie
work with much interest. But last
Sunday he spoiled the effect of It all.
There had ariren no occasion for in
sulting the women of the Red Cross,
and yet he insulted them. I do not
think there is decency in characterizing
the type as "the lively female of our
species," or decency in sneering at the
work to which they have devoted so
many days. It is true they have con
trived a quantity of bandages which
the sunny Bierce designates as "belly
bands." While the expression lacks re
finement, it is correct. Where the mil
itary expert shows an ignorance at
once surprising and lamentable is in
insinuating that these bandages will be
useless and the making of them a
waste of time, save as amusement for
the "lively female." When the wo
men asked what they could do to assist
in providing for the soldiers going to a
tropic clime they were told by the of
ficers of the army and by the surgeons
to prepare these cholera bandages.
They are doing so, and the soldiers,
having studied the conditions into
which are army Is about to pass, are
grateful. They will wear the band
ages, and if any object, the wearing
will be enforced by superior authority.
Possibly the generals do not know what
they are doing; perhaps the cholera
belt is no more potent than a red string
tied about the neck, and the men of
the English troops in hot countries are
obliged to wear it Just to satisfy
a whim of the Queen. lam inclined,
however, to think that Bierce is In er
ror, because all the army officers and
all the surgeons cannot be fools.
There Is a person who writes editor-
ial for the St. Louis Star. There ap
pears no particular reason why he
should do so, unless, possibly, he has
not developed to the grade of intelli
gence qualifying him for the conduct
of a cable car. In reference to Tom
Reed, this writer recently commended
the Speaker for having left California,
citing the circumstance as an evidence
of acumen. Ido not suppose the Star
man was ever in California. If he was
the chances are that he arrived on a
brakebeam, consulted a Salvation Army
souphouse, and departed by the same
method. The people who rail against
California are not the people who have
lived here. lam violating no confi
dence in saying that it is the greatest
among the States. This fact is ac
knowledged by all who know anything
about it, and for the rest we may feel
a pity. But as to Reed, It is not un
reasonable to suppose that the case was
different. It is a good thing for him
that he went away. When a man gets
Into politics here the Southern Pacific
is apt to catch him and place its brand
on him. I can easily fancy that if
Reed had remained a Californian the
monogram "S. P." would have been a
part of him now.
• • •
By HENRY JAMES.
Martin Kelly Is probably glad thai
le lost his suit for $150 brought against
him by the widow of the late Senatoi
Mahoney. The defendant Intimated
that he had no objection to letting
loose this trivial amount, but said he
would rather it would go to charity
than to Mrs. Mahoney. Now comes the
lady and says she is willing to give th«
Red Cross the amount If Kelly will pay
It over. Of course he will not hesitate,
Here Is a worthy cause and a lucky es
jape from further litigation.
• » •
I regret to observe that the college
presidents of the land as a rule seem
to be selfishly unpatriotic. It is, how
ever, cheering to note that the stu
dents do not pay any attention to
them, but cheerfully lay down books
and take up guns. President Gates of
lowa College Is the latest to put him
self on record as a cultured dunder
pate. He is at the head of one of the
best of Middle Western institutions.
Borne of the students who were trained
under him are now on their way to Cu
ban waters, and my heart goes with
them, for I knew them as boys and as
babies, or knew their people, or wan
dered over the campus with which In
later years their feet became familiar.
Tet President Gates declares he can
not see how the conscience of the coun
try can ever escape qualms for the
war with Cuba. What Bort of a con
science does he suppose this country
to possess? He must think it a Presi
dent Eliot conscience or one of the Pro
fessor Norton variety. Speaking as a
plain American citizen, to whom the
honor of this land Is dear, I am glad
to tell him that the conscience of the
country Is clear. If there was ever a
holy war waged It is the present one,
which he deprecates. There is no use
of entering into details. When the
mind of a "college president Is made up
the Impact of a thlrteen-inch shell
would not Jar it. But I hope some of
the boys who went from under the
Gates tuition with a back-handed bless
ing from their chief instructor will see
and understand. If ever I get rich it
shall be my first joy to endow a chair
of patriotism, not for the students, for
they do not need it, but for the college
presidents, who do need such benefits,
and in honor of the old school days I
will present a scholarship to Gates,
hoping to make a better citizen of him.
• • •
There are always people eager to
nose out evil conditions which would
seem to the clean-minded to be devoid
of guile, and my first impression was
that the reports in relation to the
morals of Camp Merritt were due to
people of this unpleasingr variety. How
ever, such is not the fact. The camp
has been too open. Where thousands of
men are gathered and the freedom of
their quarters unrestricted, there is
certain to arise a condition far from
desirable. There has been at Camp
Merritt a lack of military discipline,
and the moral effect is appalling. The
most sedate citizen far from home is
apt to lay aside the austerity that
hedged him about there. The only
remedy is to abolish the camp and put
It back in the Presidio, from which it
should never have been removed. On
the Government reservation it would be
possible to exercise powers of exclu
sion which are impracticable in a place
traversed by open streets, which the
public cannot be forbidden to use. I
am not blaming the soldiers. The fault
lies with a lot of harpies, who always
swarm, and with a lot of girls, whose
mothers permit them to swarm with all
the latitude of their abandoned com
panions, and who do not have the sense
to know that they are treading perilous
* • •
It Is not often that there is propriety
in calling down a United States Sena
tor, but if Hon. George C. Perkins has
not yet been subjected to the process
I do no*t correctly interpret the corres
pondence which recently passed be
tween himself and the Chamber of
Commerce. The Senator seemed to be
fearful that in the absence of the
Monterey and Monadnock some long,
low, rakish craft would come In, at
tach a cable to California and tow the
State into the hitherward Pacific.
There does not appear any real danger
of such dire mishap. Undoubtedly
when the Senator returns he will find
the Golden Gate just where he left It
and the entire shore line Intact.
The Idea that a woman lacks busi
ness instinct has received another
whack. Nothing could well have been
more businese-like than the action of
Mrs. Merry of the Woman's Exchange.
In her .official capacity she collated a
lot of recipes, some of them coming
from sources where no grub less aristo
cratic than angel food was supposed to
be recognized. In preparing the recipes
for publication Mrs. Merry deftly in
serted in each the instruction to use a
certain brand of baking powder. Of
course the contributing ladies were dis
pleased, but the authors of the baking
powder have doubtless shown signs of
appreciation.
It seems to me that Fred Lawrence
has a grievance. A few months ago he
was in Cuba for Hearst, prancing along
Weyler's trocha, dodging barb-wire and
machetes. Then he was called home
and honored by having his picture i
printed. The other day Doug White
started off to relieve Dewey and take
charge of the Philippines until General
Merritt shall get there. Necessity arose
for printing the picture of White, and
he was so new to fame that in all the
East no such picture existed. So the
Lawrence cut was dusted off, labeled
"D. White" and made to serve the pur
pose. This was distinctly wrong. Sup
posing some sec Yet service officer were j
to run across the original and, misled
by the bogus label, clap him in jail as
a deserter from the Manila expedi
tion?
Poor old Ouida! Once the woman
could write. She always had an absurd
habit of making her heroes impossible
deml-gods, crowned invariably with a
shade of tawn-"- hair not known to na
ture. But through her books were
scattered bits of description which for
strength and vividness no other novel
ist of whose works I have had knowl
edge has equaled. In "Under Two
Flags" she sets forth an account of a
horse race which I regard as far ex
celling any other account of a similar
event. It is wonderful in its beauty.
One seems to see "Forest King." to hear
the beat of his hoofs, and feels a thrill
ing impulse to join in the shouts. Wal
lace's chariot race has been widely ex
tolled, but compared with the race of
"Forest King" it is as glass to diamond.
It has always been a puzzle to me why
this radiant gem of words should have
acquired so limited a fame. But Ouida
has all her life been a disagreeable
freak. She has the tamper of a wildcat,
the manners of a cow, and with years
she has grown meaner. Age does not
deck her with silvered dignity, but
comes upon her bringing with it bitter
ness, and turning the natural sour of
her to an actual venom which runs
from the end of her pen in halting
meter. She has taken to making po
etry, jerky verse, punctuated by drops
of gall. Her latest, and let it be hoped
her last, is a parody on the poet laur
eate's joint tribute to England and
America. Evidently this malign an
tique does not view an alliance with
favor, or ascribe the proposal to lofty
motives, for she says:
So fling 'em out on the breeze,
Bluster and Bully and Brag,
And the standard of spangled shoddy
Shall wave o'er a Sea of Swag,
Wherever the Press shall vapor.
And wherever the Purse shall wag.
For wherever we come, we twain,
The machine gun shall benow of Jesus
And the Bible preach gin and gain,
For our creed and gospel's the same.
And If we've made an end of the Redskin
So have you of his Maori kin.
There is more of the same sort The
querulous lady deserves to be boy
cotted. So curious a compound of
virility and senility has rarely be«m
able to find a publisher. Possibly she
is suffering from indigestion due to the
loss of her teeth.
There is a feeling that Spain may
yield without more of a struggle. I
hope it is groundless. Since the United
States have been forced into a war, for
this to cease before the Spanish shall
have been driven back to their native
land, divested of their last insular pos
session, would be a calamity to the
world. The presence of their flag
should be no longer tolerated over the
colonies they have for centuries mis
ruled. If they were now to Bue for
peace the terms granted would doubt
less be more advantageous. They would
be left with some foothold close to the
civilization of the west, and b« as they
always have been, a curse and a clog.
They should be defeated at every point
as thoroughly as they have been in
Manila Bay, and when all is over not
a vestige of them left. The United
States is the one power to make the
terms, and the men and ships and guns
are available wherewith to be explicit.
If, when the Philippines and Cuba and
Porto Rico are under the stars and
stripes, the reeking old monarchy still
keeps up the farce of resistance, a
squadron should visit Cadiz. Spain has
for many decades sought a lesson. Now
lit she is getting it I want It to be
food one.
• • •
Editorial mention lately came under
eye that among some of the Orien
s this country is known as the "Land
the Beautiful Flag." The designa
tion is one appealing to the pride and
tenderer sentiment of Americans. For
they know the United States is the land
of the beautiful flag, and they glory in
the stars and stripes. Once, perhaps,
this feeling was beneath the surface,
but not now; not now, when the streets
echo to the tramp of armed men, and
from far over sea comes word that the
flag is waving where tyranny has ruled,
proving that oceans cannot stay the
march of freedom. Its shadow falls on
Cuban soil, it proudly streams above
the waters of Manila Bay, and perhaps
the distant isles of the Pacific have
learned its colors and acknowledged its
sway. As the benign domain of the
stars and stripes extends there comes
to us a new sense of the potency it rep
resents, a fresh jubilation that it has
never stood for dishonor nor been un
furled save above brave men who are
of our blood. It is fitting, as the ed
itorial suggested, that next Tuesday be
made a special flag day, because then
the emblem will have attained the age
of 121 years, not a great age, as history
goes, but one marked by high achieve
ment and growth unparalleled. And
the coming of this anniversary will find
the common heart touched with pa
triotic fire, and the thought in every
mind that this is the "Land of the
Beautiful Flag"; that It Is our land, and
our flag. Next Tuesday I expect the
city will be decked as never before, not
with gaudy arches and transparencies,
but with the flag. There could be no
finer decoration. Lovely in hue and
in design, upheld by valor, cheered by
affection, the eye fills with tears to see
it, tears of which none is ashamed. So
put the flag out Tuesday; It means so
much Just now.
PERSONAL PECULIARITIES.
Among a batch of stories attributed. to
President Lincoln Is the following good
one on President Tyler: : During Mr.
Tyler's Incumbency of the Presidential
office he arranged to make an excursion
In some direction, and sent his son Bob
to arrange a special train. It happened
that the railroad president was a strong
Whig. As such he had no favors to be
stow on Mr. Tyler; and informed Bob
that his road did ' not run any special
trains for the President. "What!" said
Bob, "did you not furnish a special train
for the funeral of President Harrison?" ,
"Yes." said the superintendent, "and If
you'll bring your father in that condi- -
tion you shall have the best train on the -
j road." ___
Sir Michael Hicks-Beach said in his '
budget speech that he totally abstained
from the use of tobacco. Lord Salisbury '
Is - also an abstainer from tobacco. So
also id the Lord Chancellor. Arthur Bal
four is also among the non-smokers. On
the other hand, Mr. Chamberlain is an
inveterate cigar smoker.
• The Kentucky recruits of Theodore
Roosevelt's regiment of rough riders are
led by Roger D. Williams of Lexington.
Ky., one of the best-known cross-country
riders in that State. He is vice-president
of the National Fox Hunters' Associa
tion and an all-around sportsman.
;."...'. — ■■» ', — — ; .
- 10 per cent discount to soldiers in uni
form. Send your absent friends a basket
or fire-etch box of Townsend's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb. 627 Palace Hotel bid.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 10(42. ■•' "
The Queen of Denmark Is very fond of
painting altar pieces. One of the most
beautiful of her works is the altar piece
in the church at GJentof te, about eight
miles ooutt t Copenhagen. ; It represents
Christ walking upon' the waters.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally conducted excursion will leave
this dty July U for the Yellowstone Park vim
the "Shasta Route" and Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be accommodated In first
class Pullman cars; tickets will be sold In
cluding berths, meals and trip through th»
Park. Send for circular siring rate and itlner
£* v. t0 X STATELER. General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. 63S Market st S. F
The Santa Fe Route Bells cut rate tickets to
all points East. St. Paul, $21; Kansas City.
131: Chicago. $32 50; New York and Boston
*42 55. Get full particulars at No. 644 Market at
ACKER'S ENGLISH REMEDY WILL STOP
*."»« n at any time, and will cure th« worstFRIDAY
FOR A BIG
BENEFIT
Red Cross Cause to Be
Stoutly Aided.
AT THE MECHANICS' PAVILION
PATRIOTIC LADIES GRATEFUL
FOR DONATIONS.
Chroniol* of Some of the Day's Do
ings at Headquarters of the
Hard-Workiiig Votaries
of Humanity.
A great many different entertain
ment* have been held for the benefit
of the Red Cross Society, but perhaps
none will compare with the monster en
tertainment to be held at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion on Friday evening, the oc
casion being the one hundred and
twenty-third anniversary of the battle
of Bunker Hill. The entertainment will
be held under the auspices of the Me
chanics' Institute and the pross re
ceipts will be given to the Red Cross
Society.
A meeting of the board of trustees of
the institute was held last evening to
receive the report of the committee ap
pointed to" make the preliminary ar
rangements for the entertainment.
Trustee Horace Wilson reported that
Major-General Otis had assured the
committee of his support and co-ope
ration, and Mr. Wilson further report
ed that the entertainment would con
sist of a reception to the First Min
nesota Regiment, Colonel C. McC.
Reeve commanding:. Mrs. Edna Snell
Poulson, chairman of the entertain
ment committee of the Red Cross So
ciety, was present at the meeting and
was added to the printing and adver
tising committee.
The tickets for the entertainment will
be out immediately and there is no
doubt that the reception will be of an
extremely Interesting character.
At the executive meeting: of the local
Red Cross Society yesterday it was unani
mously decided to extend a vote of thanks
to Claus Spreckels for the use of rooms
for headquarters in his building, and to
the estate of James G. Fair for the use
of 16 Post street.
A vote of thanks was also extended to
Mr. Duncombe for his donation of the
use of his ambulance to the society.
During May over $5000 was expended
by the local society, and each month a
detailed account of receipts and disburse
ments will be made public.
The Native Daughters' Red Cross Aid
continues sending large allotments of
bandages, caps and other necessaries.
Dried fruit is in great demand, and all
such contributions will be gratefully ac
cepted.
Alameda sent the following delegation
of sympathetic ladies to look out for the
wants of the large body of troops that
arrived yesterday morning. They were:
Mrs. George Mastick. Mrs. A. M. Clay,
Mrs. P. Teller, Mrs. F. Colburn. Mrs P.
White. Miss Alice McLaren, the Misses
Clay, Miss Livingston, Mrs. F. McCor
mick, the Misses Cullom, Mrs. Flanders.
Donations were received at the ferry
from Mrs. Prance. Mrs. Mack, the Palace
Hotel, Mme. Paget, Miss Allvne. Mrs. E.
C. Burr, Mrs. A. C. Dletz, Miss Marion
Snook, Mrs. Gibbons, the San Mateo Red
Cross. Mrs. George Palmer, Mrs. Ritchie
and Mrs. Vale.
Mrs. McKinstry reports having received
splendid donations from Mendocino, Bel
vedere, C. Brake of San Jose, Mildred
Perry, Haywards, Sacramento, Mill Val
ley, walnut Creek. Dixon, Mrs. Harley of
San Rafael, Palo Alto, Mayneld and Con
cord.
Seven thousand bandag-es were received
from various portions of the State since
Monday.
The following communication received
from Captain Long yesterday by Mrs.
Theodore Smith, manager at 16 Post
street, may be of interest to those who
have aided the society with their time and
money. He. states: "I have received 4800
abdominal bandages for the first expedi
tion, and for the second expedition will
require 4011 bandages for enlisted men and
183 for officers, making a total of 4194. I
understand the San Francisco Red Cross
supply depot has at its storeroom SSOO
bandages ready for delivery. It seems
from this figure that there are enough to
distribute two to each man and allow
112 over.
. "Every man has four suits of white
duck, one suit of brown duck, four ging
ham shirts, one blue flannel shirt (sure
to last six months) and shoes and socks.
The moment the Red Cross Society feels
that they can use their means and
strength to a better purpose I will notify
the Government, and it will make other
arrangements. No order has been given
by the Government as yet for flannel
bandages."
He also stated that the Government ap
preciated the grand work being done by
the society and hoped the society would
continue Its work. Mrs. Merrill Issued
orders that another allotment of band
ages, sufficient for a third expedition, be
manufactured. , .
Mrs. Lowenberg reports that over 13,
000 soldiers have tasted the hospitality
of the branch headquarters at the ferry.
Monahan & Co. contributed 1000. sub
scription blanks to the society.
Reports have been recevea from Inte
rior societies enumerating their expendi
tures, disbursements and cash on hand.
The following branches report cash on
hand: Benicia, $60; Kern County. $169 34;
Walnut Creek, $60 47; Dixon, $55 65.
The total receipts up to yes
terday were $42,343 10. The employes in
the machine shop of the union Iron
Works Bent $72 65.
Th« Brotherhood of St. Andrew, an or
ranization composed of young men con
nected with the Episcopalian churches,
are talking up a work which has been
hitherto almost entirely overlooked. It
is Proposed by the brotherhood to fur
nish each chaplain, Irrespective of creed,
with a chapel tent, which may also be
u,ed as headquarters and as a P™tofnce.
Each chaplain will also be Panted with
a chest of paper, pens, ink, etc., for the
use of the company and as many chess
and checker boards as can be procured.
Headquarters have been established in
room V Flood building, where donations
of any of these articles will be received^
George E. Bennett is chairman of the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
809 Market Street, Corner Fourth.
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING. RECEPTION ROOM-INo. 7.
.l ' ' OO3STSXJT_.T^LTIOISr-B ri
v " Vo3 liflfhi* fl .^^ OUR SPECIALTY— Crown, Bridge Work
\^V?r W / C "Sfn and PAINLESS EXTRACTION.
-N v. <BOt V\ A/ - a S^l&f ■ ' The Clinic is always ahead in Advanced
>AW Wj\ f\mi/}^ •/V " Dental Science. No Students Employed
■JtTft /V^lfL^"^ For the Next 30 Days Our Prices Will Be :
Z lj2^ Ktffaf'AJffl^' FULL SET OF TEETH f0r....'. $4 60 up
1^ \4mJflMtfMiZiA « M GOLD CROWNS. 22k....'................. 350 up
—We DO 1 O**aS^iv* fc W rW ™ BRIDGE WORK, per tooth 350 up
/MVP'#l^ fr >X^''7?™T» SILVER FILLING 25c up
FOR /Wti '%%&- '\X VoU>|k GOLD FILLING 76c up
1 V "V^ £^/ %l^<i?/ %^ ' ""*" CLEANING TEETH 50c up
jy If li fJllVd^. ; A Physiciai Always in Attendance.
TPCTU |)^ CROWNEP SK OPERATORS-LADY ATTENDANT
I L.L. 111 Xss& T " P' Bridzcwor* PHONE DAVIS 564. , .
: Wl sffl??HourS •. m . to 10 p. m.; Sunday* Ba.m.to3p. m. - .
PICTURES SOLD IN A NOBLE CAUSE.
Scenes at the Big Art Exhibition and Sale in Aid of the Red Cross,
A few more thousands were added to the already large fund of the Red Cross Society yesterday by one of the
most successful benefits held since the society nas been In existence. Never has there been such an outpouring of
culture and fashion as was seen in the cozy rooms' of the Press Club during the art exhibition given by local talent
In aid of the beneficent organization. From the moment the doors of the well-known club were thrown open at 2 in
the afternoon until late In the evening a large, appreciative and generous crowd moved in and out the Jlnksroom in
specting the interesting collection of bluck and white drawings and paintings, choosing from the assortment and pay
ing liberally.
In the afternoon the rooms were crowded by connoisseurs, who took advantage of being first on the scene by
carrying off the gems of the exhibition.
President Wella Drury, assisted by F. S. Myrtle, J. Tyler and T. F. Bonnet, did the honors of the club, while the
constantly increasing gathering was received by Mrs. A. W. Scott and an efficient corps of assistants composed of
Mrs. G. H. Martin, Mrs. W. J. Bryan, Mrs. Joseph Austin, Mrs. Judge C. W. Slack, Mrs. Ernestine Long, Mrs. S. M.
Shortridge, Mrs. C. 11. Blinn, Miss Olive Wheaton, Miss Mabel Blum, N. Clark. Miss Maud Tobin, Miss Maude
Steadman, Miss Mary Davison. Miss C. Cook, Mrs. Bteech, Miss Morse, Miss Letcher, Miss Treat, Annabel
Lee. Miss Helen Hyde. Miss Isabelle Porter, Miss Arnold, Miss Florence Treadwell, Miss Gertrude Walter, Miss Ruth
McCarthy, Miss Edith Westerfield, Miss Louise Bninner, Miss Lucy Croll.
Under the direction of Frank Coffin the following excellent musical programme was rendered in the afternoon:
Piano solo, M. Martinez; duet, Mrs. Parent and Mrs. Wilson; zither solo. Mr. Meyer; bass solo, Signor Watrell; duet,
Signor and Signora Cardenasso, and solos by Miss .lillle Flynn and Frank Coffin.
The crush became so great in tne evening that It was almost impossible to inspect the exhibit. After
Marinom, Wanrell, Henley, the California quartet, the Press Club quartet. Miss Alyce Gates, Miss Eva Tenney, R.
Fletcher Tllton and Clarence Wendell had rendered solos, S. M. Shortridge mounted the stage, and in a masterly
way auctioned off the remaining pictures. Bidding was brisk and drawings and paintings disappeared rapidly.
As the auction sale was not reached until a late hour a great many pictures were not disposed of. The Press
Club generously offered the ladies in charge the use of their rooms on Monday afternoon and evening to complete the
sale, and their offer was thankfully accepted.
Among the distinguished visitors present were General Merritt. General Otis, Governor Richards of Montana, Attor
ney-General Fitzgerald, Judge Van Fleet, Major Phelan, Chief Justice Potter, J. D. Freeborn of Cheyenne and many
other local celebrities.
committee and Dr. Q. C. Baker treas
urer. It Is proposed to raitse money for
such articles as must be purchased by
popular subscription, and a good start
has already been made in this direc
tion.
A few evenings since an entertainment
was got up in Golden Gate. Alameda
County under the direction of Miss Ethel
Langford in aid of the Red Cross Society,
and netted $25. There were a number of
vocal and instrumental numbers, and the
presentation of tableaus, including several
artistically arranged camp scenes, the
figures being members of Companies A
and F of the Fifth Infantry, N. G. C.
Miss Langford gave burnt cork special
ties; Mrs. Charles Poulter sang the "Star
spangled Banner" and others gave inter
esting numbers.
PATRIOTIC RETAIL
LIQUOR-DEALERS
THEY WILL RAISE FUNDS FOR
THE RED CROSS.
An Enthusiastic Committee Will
Begin Soliciting Memberships
To-Morrow.
The retail liquor dealers of the city
have come to the conclusion that it Is a
! part of their duty as patriotic citizens to
! contribute something substantial to the
: support of the work of the Red Cross
Society, and. after considerable specula- j
i tion as to how to accomplish that end, |
j they have devised a plan which they are i
certain will yield golden returns. Several
of the leading members of the trade have
organized a committee for active work,
and Judging from the class of men in
terested the movement should be success
ful.
They have received authorization from
the Red Cross Society not only to act out j
to appoint agents of that organization to
secure subscriptions for membership
thereto. Official lists, numbered consec
utively, have been printed, and it will
be th« business of the members of the I
committee to see that these lists are j
placed in the hands of every responsible
saloon man in the city.
There are nine men in the organization,
namely: H. B. Adler, chairman; Jesse
E. Marks, vice-chairman; Thomas Fer
guson, treasurer; J. E. Krumb, secretary;
also Rudle Fishbach. William F. Roder.
Joseph M. Parker, Edward Osborn and
Charles Green.
This committee has divided the city Into
two sections— north and south of Market
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
street — Messrs. Parker, Fisher, Roder,
Green and Osborn to take, the former and
the others the latter. These men will de
vote their time every day for a week at
least to the good cause, and the entire
field will be thoroughly covered. Each
subscriber to the list will pay $1, arid not
only become a member, out receive an
official badge of the Red Cross Society.
The committee becomes responsible for
every list given out, and will give an ac
count thereof upon the final settlement.
There are about 4.">00 licensed places in San
Francisco, and the promoters or the plan
say that if they can get 1500 or 2000 retail
ers to take an active interest in the mat
ter they should be able to create a fund
of $10,000 at least, and some are sanguine
that this figure can be doubled. Some of
the large downtown places have as many
as fifty employes, and it is expected that
all will become subscribers to the fund,
and as the average saloon employs three
or more men, it can be seen that it Is pos
sible to run the collections up Into large
figures. The individual ideas of some of
the members of the committee as to their
proposition will be of interest. Said one:
"I have been thinking of some way to
help this good cause since the Red Cross
fund was at the $4000 mark, and I think
we are started in the right direction. We
will begin WOl* in a systematic manner
on Monday and place those lists where
we feel confident they will be correctly
handled. We are properly authorized
to conduct this work by the Red Cross
Society, and we are going to make it win.
I have spoken to many retailers on the
subject, and they all are heart and
hand with the cause. In fact, I find them
enthusiastic and 1 look for very gratify
ing results. I should not be .surprised If
we should raise $15,000. This would cer
tainly be B great help to the Boclety and
would at the same time show that our
sympathies are all right, and that we
are in earnest in our desire to aid this
noble cause. One feature of the scheme
is the fact that many of our patrons who
would probably never think of contribut
ing such a small sum will gladly hand In
their dollar."
"I think we have started on the right
course," remarked J. E. Krumb, " and
that we will be able to raise a lot of
money. 'With Buch a large field to work
on and the well-known fact that the
average saloon man Is as generous as
any class of people that can be named,
there appears to be no reason why we
should not do valuable work for the so
ciety. Every one to whom I mention the
proposition says it\is sure to win, and
if hard earnest work will accomplish
this end the scheme is all right. Take,
for instance, our place. We have forty
four employes, and I know that every
one of them will be glad to contribute,
] and 1 believe the same conditions will be
found all over the city. The point la
that we will cover ground that trie regu
lar Red Cross people cannot handle. It
is safe to say that San Francisco dealers
will be leaders in this work and set a
good example for the trade in Eastern
cities. We expect to put out from 2600 to
3000 lists, and they ought surely to aver
age $5 apiece."
Jesse E. Marks is very enthusiastic over
the proposition, and says that it Is sure
to result In a large sum of money for
the cause. "We have the work system
atized and the right sort of men to carry
It on to success. I believe that the re
tall dealers of this city are anxious to
respond to such a call of duty In behalf
of the soldiers, and this will give them an
easy way of doing so. We will spare no
time or money in promoting this move
ment, and it will not be many days be
fore there will be a couple of thousand
more Red Cross badges on the streets.
We propose to make this fund the largest
donation from any one source, and I be
lieve the public will give it the kindest
and most earnest support."
Thomas Ferguson, the treasurer, stated
that he would make the Columbian Bank,
In the Spreckels building, the depository
of the money received, and that that in
stitution would handle the money in trust
until delivered to the society. "This is
a grand scheme," said he, "and if we do
not get close up to the $30,000 mark I will
be surprised. With hard work I do not
see why we should not raise that cum,
because it is a grand patriotic charity,
and there are few who will decline to
assist it in this manner."
Joseph M. Parker also takes a very
bright view of the movement, and says
that the people in his line of business will
do some effective work of which they
will have just causa to be proud. Wif
11am Roder expressed the same senti
ments, saying that as the committee was
thoroughly united and anxious to suc
ceed -it would certainly accomplish a
great good.
French Dinner 250.
Orange sherbet and bottle of wine. The
Ralston, 783 Market street. •
Finch Orphanage to Be Enlarged.
The directors of the Pinch Orphanage
of Fruitval* lately awarded a contract
for the erection of a three-story building
upon the orphanage grounds, a short dis
tance from the Hermitage, for $4475. The
first floor of the new structure will ba
used for kindergarten purposes, the sec
ond story as a dormitory and the upper
or top floor for hospital wards, convales
cent rooms, nurses' apartments, kitchen
and all the necessary offices for superin
tendents and clerks. The design of the
building is by Architect Q. Alexander
v\ rlgnt of this city, the contractors being
Messrs. Ingerson &. Gore of Oakland.
Robbed a Room.
Detectives Ryan and ODea last night
arrested Henry Bacher, a sailor, for en
tering a room in a lodging house at 568
Mission street and stealing some cloth
ing. The stolen property was found in
a pawnshop on Mission street. Bacher
was charged with burglary
AD VEBTISEMENT"
■.■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■MB
CITY OF A, PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
SPECIAL
REDUCTION SALE!
On MONDAY, June 13, we will place on Sale the following numbers
of NEW AND SEASONABLE BLACK GOODS at astonishingly low
price«.
75 pieces NOVELTY ETAMINES, GRENADINES AND JACQUARD
SUITINGS formerly ;i 50 and Jl 75; price to close $1 yard.
18 pieces NOVELTY PIEROLA CLOTHS, formerly $1 76; price to close
91 25 yard.
9 pieces CREPON NOVELTIES, worth $3; price to close $ 2 yard.
15 pieces SILK AND WOOL PARIS GRENADINES in Checks, Plaids
and Stripes, formerly $3 50 and $4; price to close $2 50 yard.
750 REMNANTS from 2 to 6 yards at GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
MOURNING GOODS A SPECIALTY.
STOCKTON STREET ENTRANCE
SUIT AND CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
MILLINERY DEPARTMENT,
LINGERIE DEPARTMENT
AND CURTAIN DEPARTMENT.
- ON SECOND FLOOR.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
Southeast Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.
UNION SQUARE.
AN EXPERT REVIEWS
THE GRAIN MARKET.
BAD CHOPS IN EUROPE AND
GOOD REPORTS HERE,
The Argentine Surplus Is at a Low
Ebb, but Home Prices Are Not
Likely to Improve Soon.
The past week has experienced more
depression In wheat values. A continua
tion of large crop reports throughout
the United States set the bear machinery
In working order. Foreigners were not
slow in grasping the situation, and were
less inclined to buy, even though wants
were urgent.
The heavy imports Into the United
Kingdom and the Continent during the
past thirty days have amounted to up
ward up 100,000.000 bushels, about double
as compared with any like period. Not
withstanding these heavy receipts Eng
lish and French stocks are the lowest
ever known. The condition of the grow
ing wheat crop throughout England is
very poor, too much moisture causing se
rious damage. The Corn Trade News, in
its last issue, asks where will English
millers find supplies unless they are will
ing to pay America's price, yet Ameri
cans know these conditions and are daily
hammering prices down for the benefit
of English and French consumers.
Accurate data as regards Russia's crop
cannot be had, but from fairly reliable
sources the condition is exceedingly
poor. The very high prices prevailing of
late having brought out all the available
surplus wheat in that country, it is but
natural that their carry-over will be very
small. The Argentine shipments are fall
ing off rapidly, showing their surplus Is
nearly exhausted. Indian shipments will
no doubt show a heavy falling off. The
Government report issued on Friday
makes the wheat acreage of the United
States 43.000.000. Upon this basis
the yield should be 650,000,000 bushels— the
largest crop ever grown. Of course, the
Government figuri-s are based upon con
ditions prevailing June 1. There yet re
mains much time in which damage may
overtake the crop. Winter wheat will
have three weeks further to go before
the crop will be secured, while spring
wheat is barely out of the ground. Con
ditions in June are generally the most
promising. The fact that a new harvest
is nearing makes the trade bearishly In
clined. Sentiment has its sway until ac
tual conditions are discounted too far,
then the short interest finds itself bot
tled up and a general change is the re
sult. Conditions on the Pacific Coast are
not materially changed from last week.
Washington and Oregon have complained
of hot weather, but it is not likely any
damage has thus far resulted. Should
any serious damage overtake the crop
of those States, then the conditions
throughout California would become lo
cal. Millers' wants would guide market
values.
From present indications there Is very
little hope for any improvement in wheat
prices during the present month. July
may see quite a general change. Many
predict $1 25 for December wheat this
month. Barley seems purely a scalpers'
market. There seems no hope for any
advance in prices for the time being.
Considerable spot is arriving, which finds
only a sluggish market to sell on. Un
doubtedly December will drop to par be
fo'-e any improvement may be looked for.
R. E. MULCAHY.
A CRUEL HOAX.
Mrs. George Kern Swindled Out of
Money by a New Trick.
Mrs. George Kern of 272 Jessie street de
sires to warn people to beware of a new
swindler who Is working the town. Yes
terday an elderly man, who had ascer
tained that she had friends in Pittsburg,
called at her house and abruptly In
formed her that her only sister, a resident
of Pittsburg, was dead and that he had
be.»n intrusted with a letter and a pack
age of little souvenirs from the deceased.
He said that he had left these in Port
Costa, where he worked, and that he had i
sp.-nt some time in discovering Mrs.
Krrn's whereabouts.
■\Vhen' she recovered from the shock of
the communication Mrs. Kern insisted on
paying the kind stranger for his loss ot
tim<- and parted from him, he promising
to send down the last message of the
dead woman as well as some dairy prod
uce from his "own ranch" at Port Costa.
When Mr. Kern returned from work in
the evening he became suspicious, and on
telegraphing to Pittsburg, soon ascer
tained that his sister-in-law was in good
Mr and Mrs. Kern hear that a stranger
has been operating on the same lines on
Langton street. Mrs. Kern describes her
visitor as between 55 and 60, medium
sized, having gray hair and mustache,
bluish eyes (which he blinks while talk
ing) and' wearing a dark suit and slouch
hat.
I.adtes' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter. r. 6&. 7.
Organizing Brewery Workmen,
Joseph Walter, secretary of the Brew
ery Workmen's I'nion of the Pacific
Coast, has returned from a trip through
th.; south, and reports unions in good
shape. A new brewery has just been
opened in I^os Angeles and Mr. Walter
has succeeded in organizing it. This will
help organized labor in the south greatly,
as heretofore union men have either been
compelled to support a non-union estab
lisument or see beer brought in from
other portions of the State, and it has
always been an open question as to
whether it was better to patronize home
industry or bring union beer from other
places. The union men are greatly elated
ovj*r this victory, and consider it will be
but a short time now when the whole
State is solidly organized.
ADVERTISEMENTS. '"* _'j_, _
The White House
OUR DIRECT IMPORTATION OF
Furkish, Persian and Indian Rugs
TO BE PLACED ON SALE
Monday. . . June 13tli
RUGS ON EXHIBITION
---'« OUR ■ - -
23 SHOW-WINDOWS.
RAPHAEL WELL & CO.
N.W. Corner Kearny and Post Streets.
GOLD PICK LINE
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO., AGENTS, -
609 MARKET STREET,
Beg to announce that In . consequence of their having chartered th« steamei
MORGAN CITY
to the Government they have decided to substitute the
Favorite, Speedy and Jr | V H/^^^ T^^FT
Elegantly Appointed jLJj |y| Lrf
Steamer IJ |ff lif Sli ]!#
In her place In the Alaskan, trade. The HUMBOLDT has been the favorite steam-
ship running between this port and Dyea and Skaguay this season, having mad«
the quickest run without accident dr. detention.
THE HUMBOLDT
Will be dispatched from CLAY STREET WHARF at 3 o'clock on
TTTESID.A.'X", JTJITE 14
and will connect at St. Michael with the GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND and othei
river boats. The GAMECOCK and STAGHOUND are the most beautifully ap-
pointed river steamers in the trade.
Passengers holding tickets on the Steamer MORGAN CITY are requested tc
call at our Market Street Passenger Office and exchange them for tickets on th«
HUMBOLDT. -
For freight and. passage apply to the
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO: 112 YESLER WAY, SEATTLI
d>P7 C For 4 Rooms
cp t'U Furniture,
CONSISTING
PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-
ROOM AND KITCHEN.
Extension Tables $4.00
Carpets 40c
Combination Bookcases. .... $6.00
Goods sold on easy payments. Catalogues j
mailed free. Free Deliver - across the bay.
T. BRILLIANT,
■ Telephone Main 1850. 338 »nd 310 Pott Street, s
PAINLESS DENTISTRY |
.A: to, - • M se< «t lettl, iitnutlsj fr* $3.68 of
if^^/"*4w foucr»w»za : - .{159 '■
«J*_jjfV«i&-«-^ Rnkp-.. — — Zsii»
l^f^aVAN " VROOM
* E!«ffro Denial Parlors
'lUk lh X «IXTH AND MARKET
'V* ,¥ ;" G. W. KLEISER. D. D. S. '
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus SpreCkels ' Bldg.
Telephone Brown 9SL \
Residence. 621 California street. below
Powell. San Francisco. <"■
I am acquainted with the case of the wife or a Tionse painter It
Brooklyn, who had the grip, and was confined to the houae for tfare«
months. She was in a listless state and suffered terribly with nausea,
It so happened that a friend had given some Ripans Taboies to this
lady's sister who had suffered from indigestion, and as they did her s« ••;
much good she thought she would try them on Mrs. Hill, feeling sar«
that if they did her no good they would at least do n« harm. The
patient was then in the hands of her physician, but soon she was so
much better that her neighbors noticed the change and asked about
it. She then said that sbe had changed her doctoc, aad laaghiogJy
added, my new doctor is colored— chocolate color. It seems that at
soon as she began to take the Tabaies, she began to mtmA. Ihm
nausea disappeared and she began to feel that the fiaftiN sdU ha 4
; Going to the Country?
Take a KODAK with you. It's record*
will recall pleasant incidents of your vaca-
tion. Kodaks, $5 00. $35 00.
Also Poco, Premo and other Cameras ss 00,
j $50 00.
Catalogues on application.
OPTICIANS^-. JSaPHIC apparatus.
H0 r SCIENTIFIC
642 Market St. instructs
I Tg?S\ We Rent all Makes. Few partly
■flffijg?j»W used for Sale cheap. Send for
fSfca&SPl Samples and Prices.
pf^P^Slv L. &M. ALEXANDER
m&&&&2& Agents SMITH PREMIER i
1 1Q MONTGOMERY ST.. S. F.,CAL|
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAKXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD *
; CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day,
$6 to SS week. $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; tire grates In everj;
room; elevator runs all night.
78
THE THIRD FLEET OF
SHIPS IS CHARTERED
ORDERS FOR THE SECOND
COLUMN TO EMBARK
fC AJOR-QENERAL MERRITT Is
l\ #1 P™ BBlll^ the work of prepara-
I VI tlon ioT tne BalllnK oi the next
X. T J. expedition for Manila. There
were not many idle men yester
day around the headquarters of the De
partment of the Pacific A prominent
staff officer, who is in close touch with
the commanding general, remarked
last night: "The work is crowding ua
now, as General Merritt seems deter
mined that the fleet shall sail next
Wednesday, and seeing what has been
accomplished during the past twenty
four hours I believe that we shall be
»bout ready to leave at the appointed
time."
Major-General Otis expresses the
opinion that the soldiers would go
aboard the ships next Wednesday and
that the sailing of the fleet would not
be delayed.
Brigadier-General Harrison G. Otis,
United States volunteers, resplendent in
s new uniform of his grade, appeared
before United States District Judge de
Haven yesterday and took oath of of
fice. His witnesses were Attorney-
General Fitzgerald and Major Hooper.
Later In the day the qualified officer
wired acceptance of his commission to
the Adjutant-General of the United
States army, Washington, D. C. To-
day Brigadier-General Otis will visit
the colonels of the regiments compris
ing his brigade and look around for a
suitable place to establish headquarters
In the field.
Major-General Merrltt. accompanied
by pome of his staff and several well
known men of the city, left yesterday
afternoon In a special car for Monterey
to spend Sunday.
Major J. F. Bell, engineer officer on
General Merritt's staff, will sail for
Manila next Wednesday, accompanied
by quite a force of draughtsmen, copy
ists, photographers and assistants, all
of whom will be employed at once in
preparing a topographical map of the
Philippine Islands, surveying the forti
fications and gathering all possible In
formation for General Merritt, who will
follow two wpeks later.
Yester<l;iy General Merriam received
a letter from ("harles J. Martin, Mayor
of San Jose, in which the Mayor ten
dered the use of Agricultural Park of
that city as a camping ground for the
soldiers. An ample supply of water
AT THE TENT OF THE PAYMASTER.
Uncle Sam's Money for the Nebraska Volunteers.
without cost to the Government is of
fered.
THE THIRD FLEET.
Will Consist of at Least Eight
Steamships, With a Capacity
lor Nearly 7000 Men.
A careful inspection of the Morgan
City has revealed the fact that her
boilers are in need of some repairs
which cannot be made in time for her
to sail with the balance of the Philip
pine transport fleet on Wednesday. This
reduces the number of transports of
the second Manila expedition to four—
the China, Colon, Zealandia and Sen
ator. The Morgan City, however, will
be put in good condition in time enough
to sail with the third fleet, the date of
whose departure has not yet been de
finitely fixed. The delay of this steamer
has caused great disappointment to the
two battalions of Idaho volunteers who
FIGHTINC A THREATENED EPIDEMIC OF MEASLES.
Measles threatens to become epidemic among the soldiers at Camp Mer
rltt. and Surgeons Owen, Morris and Page, In charge of the field hospital, are
bending all their energies to preventing the further spread of the malady
Fifty cases are now under their care, and during the past two or three
days six to eight new patients a day have been turned over to them. Fortu
nately the disease is in a mild form and all the patients are doing nicely.
Several of the Eastern regiments had from one to half a dozen of their
men down with measles when they arrived here, and although every pre
caution has been taken to guard against contagion since then, the sufferers
being isolated, most of the troops were unconsciously exposed, and it seems
as though most of those who are susceptible to the disease will have to take
their turn in the hospital.
The wards, though under canvas, are supplied with every convenience for
the Invalids, and a large corps of hospital stewards and assistants is de
tailed to care for them.
All three of the surgeons In charge belong to the medical department of
the United States .army. Major Owen being in charge, while Major Morris
attends to the non-infectious cases, leaving Captain Page to devote his en
tire attention to the measles patients. If the threatened epidemic is checked
in time, the field hospital and staff will be moved to Manila with the third
expedition.
ORDERS TO GO ABOARD
Major General Merritt Gives Verbal In-
stractlons for Embarkation.
Major General Merritt has not yet
Issued regular orders directing the
embarkation of troops for Manila,
but yesterday afternoon he sent
verbal instructions, through Major
General Otis, to colonels command
ing regiments and battalions desig
nated to sail to have finished by
Tuesday afternoon the placing
aboard ship of all camp equipage
and to be ready to embark their
troops by noon on Wednesday.
These orders, though not from
the ofHcral typewriter nor graced by
the official caption, are bona-fide
commands and were actually Issued
by General Merritt yesterday.
As a result, in the camps of all
the regiments that are to sail the
packing has begun of every bit of
camp equipage that can under
pressure be dispensed with.
were to tail on her. These volunteers
will now have to wait for the third
expedition.
The four other steamers of the sec
ond fleet will all finish taking on coal
this morning, and then the work of
loading the equipments of the soldiers
and all necessary supplies will at once
be begun under the direction of Major
Long, the depot quartermaster, who,
notwithstanding the shortness of the
time allowed him and several serious
obstacles. Is confident that he can ac
complish the task by next Wednesday
morning. One serious hindrance to the
rapid loading of the vessels is the lack
of trucks. So far It has not been pos
sible to secure more than thirty-five
trucks, whereas 150 could be used for
the next few days. It requires thirty
trucks alone to move the equipment of
one regiment. Each truck can carry
,a load of 7000 pounds. The heavy goods
will be the first to be put on board ship
this morning.
The quartermaster department ha? an
immense amount of work, and it is be
ing done by the same number of men
employed in time of peace. If the forc°
were six times as large every man
I would be employed steady at work, but
the force cannot be increased on short
notice, as the knowledge of details re
quired to transact the business cannot
be acquired in a week or a month.
Preparations for the third fleet are
in progress. The City of Para has been
inspected and chartered. The Ohio,
formerly an Atlantic liner of the Inter
national Navigation Company, arrived
from Seattle yesterday, and docked at
Lombard street wharf, and was in
spected during the afternoon by the
Examining Board. Her sister ship, the
Indiana, is expected to reach here from
Puget Sound at any hour. The Pu
ebla has also been chartered. The Vic
toria, chartered from the North Pa
cific Steamship Company, sailed on
Thursday from Tacoma, and was due
here last night. The Olympia and the
Arizona, also chartered from the same
company, will arrive here from the
north some time this week. So it will
be seen that In all probability the third
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JTJXE 12, 1398.
fleet will be composed of eight steam
ships. It may be further increased by
the addition of the Centennial. This
Bteamer was rejected, but at the re
quest of Senators Carter and Mantell
of Montana it will be re-examined by a
new board, consisting of Admiral Kirk
land and a representative of the own
ers and a third man yet to be selected.
The third fleet will transport nearly
7000 men, or about twice the number
carried by the first.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— The War
Department finally closed the charters
to-day for the steamships Victoria.
Olympia and Arizona, which are to be
used in the transportation of troops to
Manila. The chartering of these ships
has been delayed for some time.
RECRUITS ARRIVE.
The Eighteenth and Twenty-
Third Infantry Now Filled
to the Maximum.
The Eighteenth and Twenty-third Regi
ments of Infantry, U. S. A., are now ap
proximately to their full strength. Eight
hundred and forty-eight recruits from
Fort MoPherson, Georgia, arrived at Oak
land mole during Friday night and came
over to this side at 6:30 o'clock yesterday
morning.
The soldiers traveled arross the conti
nent in three sections, the first being in
command of Major J. W. Bubb, who also
had command of the entire detachment,
and Lieutenant G. H. Steel, Nineteenth
Infantry, who waa detailed as commis
sary. Captain \V. I. Sanborn, Twenty
fifth Infantry, was in charge of the sec
ond section, assisted by Lieutenant W.
D. Conrad, Twenty-third Infantry, while
the third section was in charge of Cap-
tain William P. Rogers, Seventeenth In
fantry, and lieutenant L. F. Kilbourn*.
First Infantry.
Notwithstanding the early hour of ar
rival, the ladies of the Red Cross had
breakfast ready for the hungry men,
which they were not slow In disposing of.
Then they were loaded down with flow
ers, officers and men alike, after which
J. B. Stetson addressed them briefly,
railing upon them to defend the stars and
stripes with their last breath. Major
Bubb next took nls turn at speech-mak
ing. He said that ever since the detach
ment beg-an Its long; journey it had re
ceived the most hospitable attention all
along the route, which grew in cordiality
when California was reached. But It re
mained for the ladies of San Francisco to
eclipse all other demonstrations In honor
of his command. He closed by calling on
his men for three cheers for the Red
Cross ladies,, which were given with such
a vim that the ferry building fairly
shook. , .
The enlisted men were gathered from
all parts of the East, from Illinois -to
Massachusetts, and sent to Fort McPher
son where they were equipped in every
detail. None of them have been in the
service, consequently they have received
little instruction, but they are a super
ior class and it will only be a short time
before_-the,v are as proficient in drill as
the veterans. Their rifles and accoutre
ments were shipped in cases and were not
Se"r^mp^ Bmen8 men had been M »'S* 2
Xu-Z C am fi Merritt^ being saluted'by The
Call s artillery and cheered alone the
route by the citizens. Major Bubb reported
at once to Major General Otis upon reach
ing camp, and was directed to confer with
l >f,^ 0I rnanders of the two regiments to
which the men were assigned. Both com
mams have recruited -, Extensively
arriving here, and an examination of the
muster rolls showed that by assigning 42*
men to the Eighteenth and 426 to the"
Twenty-third each regiment would be
brought to within thiriy-six men of its
maximum strength. This division was
accordingly made, and each detachment
was quickly divided up among the com
panies. As the orders assigning onVh^}
talion from each regiment to the next ex
pedition called for seventy-five 'Sim^ to
hee nJ a.steb\^e r d Ult^ni h °t SS h ce e C Tc-
Sftff'Sfi 1& C eS ° { e&C% re * fment
Everything was done so rapidly and sys
tematically that by supper time the new
comers were comfortably located, the
transfer of arms and equipments made to
tho regimental adjutants. Major Bubb and
his assistants taking receipts for the
same, and the two commands found them
selves stronger numerically than they
were before the battalion destined to sail
next week had been removed to other
quarters. On Monday the recruits will
begin their hard work. The recruiting
offices will be kept open a few days longer
until the full strength is reached. -
Major Bubb, who brought the detach
ment across the continent, was, until a
few days ago, , captain in the Fourth In
fantry. From the ranks of the army of
the Potomac, in which he enlisted In i 1861,
to his present position, he has 1 fought his
way through every grade. B Soon after the
close of the Civil i War Major Bubb re
ceived his . commission ' as * first ' lieutenant
and was dispached forthwith " to the
frontier, where, until after the battles
of '76,- he; served with conspicuous" gal
lantry, and ■ not : unscathed, through ' the
almost lasepaaAt, fierce jmd. Woody Ja%
MERRITT'S LATEST PLAN.
General Merrltt's latest plan Is to hold all the troops destined for the
Philippines remaining here after the second expedition sails, until sufficient
ships are procured to convey the entire command and send them all out
together. This plan was revealed at headquarters late yesterday afternoon,
and unless the War Department orders the troops sent out as fast aa
transports can be fitted up, it will be carried out.
The first and second expeditions will give Admiral Dewey a land force of
7000 men, which General Merritt believes is sufficient to hold Manila until
he gets there with the others. If his present arrangement Is carried out
the last of the troops are not likely to get away from here much before
the middle of July, for several vessels the Government expects to secure
as transports are now on the other side of tho ootan find In Australia, so
It will require considerable tim<} for them to come hero and fit out for the
work.
dlan campaigns. It was In the famous
"Starvation March" and battle of the
"Rosebud" of General Crooks, ten days
prior to the massacre of Cunter and his
heroic command, that Major Bubb won
his captaincy.
From that date up to his trant-fer to
Fort Sheridan, eighteen months ago.
Major Bubb has played a prominent
part in every important Indian uprising
of the great Northwest. , .
All of the officers who came out with
the detachment will return East without
delay and Join their respective regi
ments.
AN ARM\ MYSTERY.
Why the Presidio Is Not Used
as a Camping Ground.
There is something mysterious In the
attitude of leading army officers when
the question of utilizing the Presidio res
ervation for military purposes is intro
duced. Last Thursday a decision -was
reached that the camp at Richmond
should be vacated as soon as practicable
and that troops to arrive here from the
East should be encamped on the reserva
tion. The next day the plans agreed upon
were reconsidered and a suggestion was
adopted that the camp at Richmond
should be gradually dlnlntegratf-d. It
was contended that the dispatch of troops
to the Philippines would soon close up
the camp in that section. It was said
that Camp Merrltt was established as an
emergency camp and that the purpose
which the military authorities had In
view was practically fulfilled.
Objection seems to be raised now
against the encampment of incoming sol-
diers on the Presidio reservation. It is
claimed that no moral advantage would
result from the occupancy of the Pre
sido and that the change would not bet
ter the sanitary conditions. Water is
the main element In which the Presidio
1b said to be lacking, yet It Is a known
fact that at least 0000 troops were en
camped on the reservation just before the
first Manila expedition sailed, and Colo
nel Morris, commanding the podt, had
provided for the accommodation of addi
tional organizations. The water mains
of the Spring Valley on Lombard street
were intersected to supply the camp with
water.
The condition of affairs at Camp Mer
ritt is probably known to Major General
Otis, who commands tho camp. It is not
his fault that forty-eight saloons, some
of them no better than dives, are estab
lished in the immediate vicinity of his
soldiers. Commencing on Point Lobos
avenue at Masonic avenue, thence west
to Seventh avenue, on that avenue south
to Fulton, on Fulton to First avenue
and on First avenue facing the camp,
there are forty-eight places where liquors
are sold. Many of the places have
sprung into existence since the camp was
established. Everywhere is spread the
temptation of the soldier to spend his
money. Some of the dens shelter lewd
women and low-down men whose busi
ness it is to entice the volunteers to
drink and carouse. This is not the fault
of Major <;->!ieral Otis. Ife has no con
trol over the license regulations pf San
Francisco and cannot close the public
GOING TO THE FRONT,
The Washington Volunteers Have Re
ceived Word That They Are
to Be Sent to Manila.
The First Washington Volun
teers at Fontana barracks are ciuite
elated over the fact that they are
to be sent to the Philippines. Gov
ernor John R. Rogers of Washing
ton has written to his former pri
v;ito secretary and adjutant gen
eral. First Lieutenant Ballaine of
Company L, that he had received
a telegram from the War Depart-
ment giving assurances that the
Washington regiment is to go to
the front.
Lieutenant Colonel Fife is deter
mined to keep his command in
marching trim, and to-morrow
morning the men will start at 6:45
o'clock on a march to the Cliff
House and return.
The Washingtonlans are now
fully equipped. They have issued
a standing challenge to any regi
ment to drill with them in a contest
at any time.
Captain Ellerich of Company G
and Captain Adams of Company. D
are to be detailed for ten days on
recruiting service in Washington.
streets of the city. 80 far as The Call
can ascertain, Major General Otis did
not select the Bay District as a camp
site.
An army officer said to a Call reporter
recently: "You must not quote me as
urging objections to the use of the Bay
District track as a camping ground for
the soldiers. A man advocating the re
moval of the troops to the Presidio
might incur the displeasure of agencies
that have a powerful influence in Wash
ington^
CHRISTIAN COMMISSION.
Steps to Organize for Work in
the United States Army.
As has been done in other State.4 of the
country, the United States Army Chris
tian Commission of the Young Men's
Christian Association will probably be in
augurated at the Young Men's Christian
Association building to-morrow afternoon,
at 2 o'clock, when State officers will be
elected. There 1b a national organization
of the Christian Commission, with head
quarters with the International Commit
tee of the Young Men's Christian Asso- 1
elation at New York city. Each State has I
been organized separately to co-operate
with the International Committee, but
each State works separately so far as
raising money and providing men for the
field in concerned. All money an.i work
ers supplied for Christian work in the
United States army will be provided I
through this Christian Commission of th« :
Young Men's Christian Association, and 1
all kindred organizations of the churches
will co-operate with this agency.
The national officers of the Christian
Endeavor movement have officially ad
vised their societies in the Eastern
States to work through this department
of the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion so that there may not be any misun
derstanding or conflict of forces. The as
sociation being a definite organization for
men, and having carried forward this
work exclusively throughout the entire
Civil War, Is considered best fitted to
continue the work. There are many ap
plications for appointments as hejperg in
evangelistic work In the army, and when
this commission is complete all arrange
ments will have to go through this de
partment, as already the army depart
ment is besieged by persons desiring to
go to the front as Christian workers
among the enlisted nren.
When the first volunteers were called
for the International Committee of the
Young Men's Christian Association, at
the suggestion of D. L. Moody, deputized
one of its secretaries, W. B. Millar, who
went immediately to Washington, D. C,
to take up the work with President Me-
Klnley and the War Department. He got
their approval and indorsement, and offi
cial letters were issued authorizing the
organization of the commission. Copies
of these letters will be presented to the
Committee on Organization to-morrow.
An official badge similar to that worn
hv the Red Cross will be adopted by the
Christian Commission when thoroughly
organized.
WYOMING'S GOVERNOR.
A Visit Paid to the Battalion of
Troops in the Field.
The chief event In camp yesterday
among the volunteer troops was the visit
of Governor W. A. Richards of Wyoming
to the battalion from that State now
under the command of Major Foote. The
Governor, accompanied by Judge C. N.
Potter, Chief Justice of Wyoming, his
wife and daughter, Hon. W. H. Kilpatrick
and wife of Newcastle, A. C. Richards
of Shasta County, California, George C.
Hunt of Oakland, Clarence Wetmore of
San Francisco and J. D. Preeborn of
Cheyenne, went to Camp Merrltt in
the morning. They were met by Major
Foote and his officers and escorted
through the camp.
Governor Richards reviewed th« "Wyom
ing battalion, and made the soldiers a
short address, in which he spoke to them
of their duty as soldiers. He told them
that the eyes of their country was upon
them, and that Wyoming expected every
one of her sons to uphold the National
nag and to be ever ready to obey the
call of duty. In speaking of th© troops
after the review. Governor Richards
Bald: "I have found the battalion In
excellent shape, thoroughly equipped and
ready for service,"
The Governor and party were magnifi
cently entertained at dinner in the Wy
oming camp by Major Foote and his offi
cers. In response to the impromtu toasts
speeches were made by Governor Rich
ards. Major Foote. Judge . Potter, Cap
tains O'Brien and Millar and Surgeon
Morrison. In , the afternoon . Governor
Richards called upon General Otis and
paid his respects. The Governor will re
main here for about a week. ■
•
CAMP MERRITT TROOPS.
First Nebraska Regiment to
Go Aboard the Steamship
Senator.
In addition to their share of recruits re
ceived from those that came from At
lanta, the Twenty-third Infantry is ex
pecting a batch of recruits from Dallas
Tex. At present this regiment requires
about 70 men to complete its rolls, while
the Eighteenth needs 60 more recruits.
Three companies of the Idaho troops
were at target practice yesterday. The
battalion was also inspected by General
Greene. In the absence of Colonel Jonea.
who was confined to his quarters yester
day by a severe cold, the command of
the battalions was assumed by Major
Figgins.
It is now positively known that General
Otis issued an order yesteruay assigning
the First Nebraska Regiment to the
Senator and the Idaho battalions and de
tachment of engineers to the Morgan
Lieutenant Colonel J. E. Barrett, Lieu
tenant C. C. Crowde and one private from
each of the companies of the Tenth Penn
sylvania Regiment will return to the
Keystone State for recruiting purposes.
The First Nebraska Regiment was paid
yesterday to June 30 inclusive, and the
Idaho troops will be paid to-morrow.
Wherever the men's pay amounted to odd
cents the difference in change was, given
by the soldiers to the Christian Endeavor
Society.
In the Utah Light Artillery Lieutenant
R. C. Taylor and Sergeants A. W. Brown
and L. N. Fehr have been detailed to go
back to Salt Lake City for the purpose
of recruiting each battery up from 121 to
17.'! men. The guns and harness of the
battery will be loaded aboard ship to
day.
The Fifty-first lowa Volunteers have es
tablished camp in fine military style and
the regiment is receiving the admiring at
tention of spectators. Word was received
at the Red Cross headquarters yesterday
that the lowa troops had no breakfast
and no wood for fire. The commissary
department has promised amendment. '
NEXT WEDNESDAY.
No Reasons Why the Trans
ports Should Not Be Ready
at That Time.
Major General Otis, when seen yester
day by a Call representative and asked
if it was officially ordered that the sec
ond expedition to Manila should sail from
this port on Wednesday, replied that pro
vided the transports were ready, and he
saw nothing to prevent their being so
Wednesday would be the day upon which
the troops would sail.
Brigadier General Charles King, soldier
and author, reported to Maior General
Otis at the division headquarters of CamD
Merritt yesterday. General King was
warmly received by General Otis, and the
two distinguished soldiers had quite an
interview, In which many matters were
discussed. General C. King will be as
signed to the command of a hrUrada tn
day. It will be either the Second or
Third, as these two brigades are the only
onces as yet unassigned.
PRESIDIO NOTES.
The Members of the Sixth Cali-
fornia Volunteer Infantry
Are Being Vaccinated.
Battery X of the Third United States
Artillery, under Captain Hobbs, which
has been stationed at Alcatraz Island
yesterday morning joined He regiment at
Camp Miller, in the Presidio.
Companies G and C of the Sixth Cali
fornia Volunteer Infantry will probably
move to Benicia arsenal to-morrow The
battalion will bo In command of Lieuten
ant Colonel Johnson, who becomes tha
commander of the post at the arsenal
The remaining four companies will Vn
Into camp at Fort Point as Boon as they
receive their full supply of clothing. The
Impression has gone out that the Sixth
California Volunteers are dissatisfied
with the duty. This is erroneous, for al
though the men would like more active
service, they are ready to cheerfully per
form any duty assigned them. Vaccina
tion, hag begun In, .this command, Corn
REGULARS ARE FEASTED,
SALUTED AND CHEERED
pany D being the first to undergo the
operation yesterday afternoon.
GEN. MacARTHUR HERE.
Last of the Brigadiers Arrives
to Join the Army of the
Philippines.
Brigadier General Mac Arthur arrived
last evening from Chickamau'-a. where
he has been with the army for two weeks.
Previous to his assignment to Chicka
mauga General Mac Arthur was at the
assembling post of Tampa. He is the
only officer of very high rank who has
been with the armies at the three points
of mobilization, and has made a com
parative study of the entire army in the
Held to-day.
General Mac Arthur earned his spurs in
the war of the Rebellion, from which he
emerged with the rank of colonel. Since
his first entrance into military life noth
ing but active duty has held his profes
sional attentions. Before receiving his
commission as a brigadier general of vol
unteers Mac Arthur was a colonel in the
adjutant general's department.
His martial reputation places him In
the foreground of the Philippine fighting
GAVE AN ARM ; OFFERS HIS LIFE.
CAPTAIN WILLIAM P. ROGERS, Seventeenth United States
Infantry.
There arrived In San Francisco yesterday, in command of one section of
the detachment of recruits from Fort McPherson, Ga,, a man who has the
distinction of being the only one-armed officer now in the service-. Cap
tain William P. Rogers is his name, and as he marched up Market street
at tho head of his command his empty coat sleeve excited loud cheers
from the throngs on the street.
Captain Rogers has been in the service constantly for thirty-six years
and In that time has won his way from corporal in the volunteers to his
present rank in the Seventeenth Infantry. He began his military career
with Company H, Seventh Maryland Infantry, in August, 1862, and was with
the Army of the Potomac from that time until the close of the war No
troops in all the Northern forces saw harder service than did the Maryland
brigade, and promotion came to comparatively few of its intrepid members,
but young Rogers had no thought of advancement, or anything else for that
matter, hut to get into the thickest of the trouble whenever there was any
fighting going on.
It was at Spottsylvania Courthouse, in 1864. that a rebel bullet emptied
his left coat sleeve. The loss of an arm. however, did not take any of
the fl.ght out of the youngster, and instead of accepting a discharge he re
mained with his regiment until thn close of the war.
In recognition of his bravery, he was appointed second lieutenant in the
Forty-fourth Infantry in 1866, and when the army was reorganised In 1869
he was transferred to the regiment he now belongs to
For twenty-four years the Seventeenth battled with the Indians on the
Northwestern frontier, and in every campaign, including the Nes Perces and
Blackfoot wars, the Sioux uprisings of 1576. when Custer and his little band
were wiped out, and the ghost dance of 1890-91. Captain Rogers took a con
spicuouß part. He was -promoted to first lieutenant in 1872 and given his
present commission in 1884. Four years ago his regiment was transferred to
Columbus, 0., and Captain Rogers had made up his mind that his fighting
days were over. But the present war wills it otherwise; his regiment is
now at Tampa, unless it is on the way to Cuba, and Captain Rogers will
return East at once to Join his command.
material. He will be assigned to a brigade
under General Merritt.
FIRST CALIFORNIA.
A Chance for Volunteers tc
Reach Manila in Time
for Action.
Recruiting is in progress to fill the First
California Regiment of United States
Volunteer Infantry to the maximum
strength. Captain Napthaly, the re
cruiting officer, has already enrolled 205
men, and 155 more are required to com
plete the whole number demanded. The
regiment is now on the ocean destined
fur Manila, and should reach that port
within the next ten days. The recruits
for the regiment will be sent to the front
as soon as transportation can be pm
cured. The recruiting station in the ar
mory at the corner of Page and Gough
streets presents scenes of activity. It la
believed that all the men needed will be
enrolled before the office closes to-mor
row evening. Captain Carrington is on
hand to muster In all the men that pa.« 3
the physical examination. The recruiting
officer "will be ready to enroll applicants
at 10 o'clock to-morrow morning.SANTA CRUZ
VICTORIOUS
Wins in Last Inning on a
Stupid Play.
MANAGER TUTTLE HAS FITS
HE READS THE RIOT ACT WITH
BIG SUCCESS.
Mr. TJp-in-the-Air Baltz Goes in
Search of a Long-Distance Throw
ing Record and Easily Gets
There.
BY JOE CORBETT.
The Santa Cruz comedians, under the
manapomi'iit of a gentleman by the name
of Tuttle, opened up in a nine-act comedy
drama yesterday at Recreation Park, and
delighted the swell audience present by
their "rap-time" playing.
This troupe since the beginning of the
season has not been giving as good a per
formance as the cast would indicate, and
all ports of nn'tin things have been said
and written about the members" inability
to properly render the parts assigned
them. Mr. Devereaux, who is the leading
man of this spectacular group of "sand
crabs." In discussing the probability of
their some day attracting: the attention of
the "dear public." pave out the state
ment that his "bunch of comedes" in
tended turning the tables on Manager
Crowley's collection of ancient bric-a
brac, and lived up to his word only after
the severest test of grit.
You see, it was just this way: Mr.
Devereaux. who looks for all the world
like a large-sized bottle of "Tabasco
sauce," in giving out the above state
ment, neglected to confide the news to
his "master mechanic," Mr. "Up-ln-the-
Air" Baltz, and so this individual, just to
draw forth a few hoots and liven up
things a bit, picked up a ball that he in
coma unforeseen manner got tangled up
■with, and threw it over midst the "dead
heads." In recognition of the delicate
applause — which was spontaneous— over
this heroic act, he gracefully bowed him
self out, but returned a moment later on
discovering that his time for paying an
extended visit to the upper atmospheric
elements had not really arrived, and that
bis labors were still needed in the drama-
After this unfortunate mistake, Mr.
"Up-in-the-Alr" played his part beauti
fully and did not appear a bit worried
over the fact that his wild throw cost
three run?. It would not, however, be
a bad idea for Mr. Baltz to rehearse that
part which compels him to remain on
"terra flrma." And again, It is a very
bad Idea for a pitcher, when he occu
pies the box, to go in search of long
distance throwing records, especially
when the score 1b close and the ba--«es
occupied. Mr. Baltz appears to be af
flicted with a desire to kill some one
when a ball Is hit to him. He certainly
has a grievance against that "Imper
sonator 1 who covers first base. If not,
why did he pick up the ball and endeavor
to knock hi» head off? The runner had
hardly left the plate before ho picked the
Bphere up, and instead of simply tossing
It in the direction of first, he doubles up
as pitchers generally do in preparing for
a sojourn into space — and propels it so
fast that, were it not for the combined
efforts of bleachers and febce, it would
no doubt be going yet. Luckily for the
"impersonator" its course was somewhere
In the vicinity of fifteen feet heavenward.
It struck me that Ualtz mistook the City
Hall dome for the first baseman, ana
a>'ted accordingly. At any rate, Mr. Baltz
has all the other pitchers beat, when, it
comes to long distance throwing, and
should not for a moment think other
wise.
When the excitement caused by his
brief ascension subsided it was noticed
that the score S>. .;i r<i registered "Ath
letics" 4 runs. "Sand Crat>s" 0. Mr. Tut
tle, who graced the press box with his
presence, suddenly disappeared on real
izing the grave situation. He was dis
covered very shortly, however, reading
the "riot act" to his "comedians," and
the. effect his presence and outburst of
eloquence had on them wan astonishing.
In that very inning they commenced to
earn their salaries, and scored one run.
The effort, however, seemed to unnerve
them, as they quieted down for a couple
of Innings, yet responded bravely when
their proprietor took another fit In the
seventh inning, and no doubt to save him
from certain death they scored another
run.
It became apparent to Manager Tuttle,
after witnessing the effect his fits wire
having, that to win the game he must
keep up this bad habit, so in the eighth
Inning ne took a "spasm" and two more
runs were the result. This last rally tied
toe score, and then followed the fatal
ninth. Tuttle was equal to the emer
gency. "Fits" occasioned one run.
spasms two. After the Athletics had
been retired without the semblance of a
tally Tuttle was seen gesticulating In a
wild manner. He was partial to his first
love. "Fits," and it was this last one
which won the game, as Arrolanes crack
ed out a corking three-bagger and scored
the winning run on about as stupid a
play as I have ever seen.
I don't know whether it was Tuttle's
"fit" or nervous prostration which in
spired Baltz to sacrifice, but he did, with
the infield playing almost on a line with
tho pitcher's box. The ball went right
Into the first baseman's hnnds, and it was
pitiful to see the runner score. It
seemed almost a week before Stultz got
the ball away, and at that he almost
caught the runner. If he had simply
tossed the ball, without rising from the
ground and taking a couple of steps,
there was not a chance for the man to
score. He, however, like a good many
other players, does not seem to realize
the Importance of rapid work in plays
that are close, and In consequence a
fame was lost. There was only one play
or Baltz to make when he saw the infield
pulled In. That play was to hit the ball.
The chances for a hit or error are never
better. But to sacrifice at such a critical
stage, with the Infield playing so close. Is
very poor baseball, and Baltz should con
gratulate himself on getting away with
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
HI'PI IHi: cured by his new method,
■without knife, truss or detention from
work, a painless, sure and permanent
cure. VARUOIi:i,!e:. hydrocele,
swelling and tenderness of the glandß
treated with unfailing success. Conist.
«i iou* l» >«»«»<! p«»i»«»>' in any of Us
Ftages thoroughly eradicated from the
pystem. i^sidiex will receive special
attention for all their many ailments.
WRITE if you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will alßo send
you a valuable book, "Guide to Health,"
free of charge. Address F. L.
SWEANY, M. D., 737 Market street, Ban
Francisco, Cal.
TUESDAY SACRED TO THE FLAG.
Old Glory's One Hundred and Twenty-First
Birthday Will Be Celebrated by
Patriots.
The Call's suggestion that Tuesday be generally celebrated as the one hundred and twenty-first anniversary of the
birth of the American flag has struck a responsive chord In the hearts of the people. Governor Budd, Superintendent of
Schools Webster of this city and other prominent citizens do not hesitate to say that the suggestion is an excellent one and
that every house in the Stato should be decorated on that day.
By a general observance of the day respect for Old Glory will be inculcated in the minds of children, while adults will
enkindle old memories and renew patriotism. Following are some representative opinions:
o o
O GOVERNOR BL'DD— It is an excellent idea to fitly commemorate the birth of the flag. If all public and private o
O houses are decorated, and if citizens will quite generally wear flags it will do much to show that Americans are not O
O slow to express the patriotism for which the country is celebrated. O
O There need be no elaborate preparation for Buch an expression of patriotism as The Call has suggested. Flags o
O are cheap, and hardly any one is so poor that he cannot buy some 6ort of a flag and wear it or wave it as an em- O
O blem of freedom. It is not necessary to proclaim a legal holiday or to go through any red tape to reach the purpose. O
O I think everybody in the State ought to have a flag in evidence on Tuesday. o
Reginald K. Webster, Superintendent
of Schools— This matter was presented to
me some days ago by a gentleman who
wished me to issue an order directing
every schoolhouse to fly the stars and
stripes on June 14. I stated on that oc
casion that as the flag floated daily over
the schools, there was no necessity for
such an order. Not only should the flag
be displayed on the premises of every
public school In this city and county, but
brief exercises should be observed in the
different classes consisting of an address
by the teacher in which the history of
the creation of the flag and its symbolism
should be developed, and an address by
a pupil, or some appropriate recitation on
the flag; that to be succeeded by patriotic
quotations and a salute of the flag By the
entire class and the pledging of their
allegiance to it.
I will say that the exercises I have
just mentioned are observed in all the
| the play. Luckily for him the ball did
I not go to Reilly. The score is as follows:
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. HH. SB. PO. A. B.
Williams, b. ■ 3 10 0 12 1
Mclntyre. c f 2 1 0 0 t 0 0
Devereaux, 3 b 4 0 0 0 2 4 0
Fitzgerald, 1 b S 0 0 0 4 0 0
Strleb, 1. f 4 2 12 7 0 0
McGrath. r. t 3 0 1110 0
C. Daubenbts. c 4 0 1 1 8 1 0
Arrel&nes, 2 b 4 110 2 6 1
Baltz, p 4 0 10 0 0 1
Totals 31 6 5 5 39 13 S
ATHLETICB.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
' Smith, c. t 3 0 0 10 0 0
! Reilly. 2 b 4 12 2 2 5 1
McLaughlln. B. ■.... 4 0 0 0 1 3 1
Stultz. 1 b 8 1 0 2 14 0 1
Scott, c 4 11110 1
Ford. 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Htlderbrand. r. f.... 4 1 1 0 8 0 0
! Johnson. 3 b 3 0 10 0 0 1
; Fltzpatrick, p 3 0 1 ° J J _
Totals 92 4 6 6 25 1» 6
RUNS BY INNINGS.
i Santa Cruz 0 0 0 10 0 13 1-5
Ha K <» hits 0 0 0 10 0 2 0 2—6
Athletics -.0 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 0-t
STMMARY.
1 Runs responsible for-Baltt, 3: FUzpatrick 3.
Three-base hits— Arrelanes. Two-bane hits—
Reilly 2 Sacrifice hits— Daubenbis. Arrelanes.
Base" 'on errors—Santa Cruz. 4; Athletics, 0.
Baa PS on balH-Balt*. 2; Fitzratrick 4. U»
on bases-Santa Cruz. 6; Athletics, 1. SU-uck
nut- By Baltz, 4: by Fitipatrlok. 0 Hit h)
t.it. 'her— Fitzgerald. Pouhle plays— Hllderbrand
to Stultz Daubenbis to Devereaux. Passed ball
-DwibmUl. Wild pitch-Fltzpatrlck. Time of
same— l:4o. Umpire— Creamer.
To-Day's Game.
The cry of the Beachcombers has been
heard. J. Cal. Ewing and his hairless
wonders, while discussing "Pop" Hardle's
new "hair restorer" discovery, heard the
cry of these "sand crabs" way over in
Oakland after yesterday's victory, and
has had his team out practicing all night.
That the game to-day between these two
teams will be a good one may be gauged
from the fact that Mr. Tuttle says "From
this clay on Santa Cruz will never lose
another game." Cal Ewlng offers each of
his players extra inducements to win, so
the game will be good, not matter how
things go. The line-up is as follows:
Santa Cruz. Position. Oakland.
'• Dnubenhla Catcher Sullivan
X Pa'ilienbls Pitcher Mosktman
Fitzgerald First base Bykes
Arrelanes Second base O'Nell
Devereaux Third base I^ange
Williams Shortstop Schmeer
Strieb Left field Dean
Mclntyre Center field Hardie
McGrath Right field Donovan
HOMELESS AND PENNILESS.
A Starving Family of Three Driven
Out Into the Streets.
Edmund Bedell, a veteran of the late
war, has had a run of hard luck which
has left him, his wife and boy wondering
whore their next meal will come from.
Bedell is a ship carpenter by trade, but
age and sickness have Incapacitated him
for work at this business, and he has
been nhiiged for some time past to de
pend upon such little odd jobs as he
might pick up. In time these, too, gave
out, and last Thursday night found the
little funnily with nothing to eat in the
house and the landlady importuning
them for the rent. There was no money
to pay with, however, and the family
was turned out In the street to seek
shelter from the hands of charity. The
man went out to the City Hall and re
quested that he be allowed to sleep In
the City Prison, but the officers were
kind-hearted and gave him enough
money to pay a couple of days' room
rent. Accommodations were secured In
the Winchester House, at 44 Third street,
but the little supply of money is ex
hausted, and unless assistance of some
kind Is speedily procured the little family
will once again be told to move on.
INTERSTATE COMMERCE LAWS.
W. J. Calhoun, a Member of the Com
mission, Arrives in This City.
The Interstate Commerce Commission,
which recently met in Portland, adjourn
ed on Wednesday last without implicating
those railroad companies which have dis
criminated in favor of certain parties In
regard to freight charges. \V. J. Cal
houn, a member of the commission; Ed
ward A. Motley, secretary, and W. A.
Day, attorney of the commission, arrived
in this city on Friday and will remain
here for some time.
Mr. Calhoun. who was a member of the
Cuban Commission sent by President Mc-
Kinley to investigate the death of Dr.
Rule about a year ago, said last night
that the evidence which the Interstate
Commerce Commission succeeded in col
lecting was not of a conclusive charac
ter though there certainly were Indica
tions which showed violations of the in
terstate commerce law on the part of
several of the railroad companies. Mer
chants were examined, but no striking
admissions were made. That discrimin
ations have been made In favor of certain
individuals the commission is certain.
The commission expects to hold a meet
lne here in the near future, when Investi
gations on these lines will be continued.
New Stage Road Opened.
The old stage road, for a long time In
disuse, betweeen Lower Lake, in Lake
County and Rumsey, In Yolo County, has
been rebuilt and will be reopened for
tniflle in the very near future. By means
of this there will be a continuous line of
travel from this city through the Capay
Valley and Clear Lake, making the sur
rounding country easy of accees.
French Dinner 25c.
Orange sherbet or Ice cream free. The
Ralston, 788 Market street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
schools at the present time. Many of
the classes salute the flag twice a week,
and it is recommended in the course of
study that at least once a week the
pupils pledge allegiance to their country.
This programme interspersed with music
fitting to the subject would in my judg
ment constitute the exercises that should
take place in our schools on that occa
sion, and I believe from what I have,
learned from teachers that it will be more
or less observed in the schools. These
are times when patriotism is running
very high, and I wish to bear testimony
to the fact that wherever I have been in
the public schools I have found univer
sal evidence of a strong patriotic senti
ment. It has been stated that the spirit
of patriotism was not sufficiently incul
cated in our public schools, but I am
confident that if any one should enter
them he would be more than pleased with
the manifestation and loyalty to the flag.
No general order has been Issued by
FIGURING ON
THE FOURTH
Announcement Made of
the Sub-Committees.
THE FINANCIAL PROBLEM
SOME THINK THE APPBOPRIA
TION SUFFICIENT.
Definite Action Will Be Taken at a
Meeting Which Is to Be Held
Early Next
Week.
The executive committee of the Fourth
of July committee met last night. Chair
man Joseph E. O'Donnell presiding. A
call of the roll showed that eighteen out
of the twenty-five members were present.
The first order of business was the an-
nouncement of tho following sub-commit
tees to look after the details of the cele
bration:
Paraf'" committee — Colonel J. C. O'Connor,
chairm n; Colonel R. L. Dunn, Major H. 8.
Hoemer. Captain F. E. Webb, T. P. Hoblnson.
Literary and Entertainment — William F.
Humphrey, chairman; Grattan Phillips, W.
Sherwood Johnson, John Much. James S. Dev
lin.
Hall— William A. Breslln, chairman; Frank
Hhporln, J. J. Groom, W. D. Shea, Charles J.
Rlley.
Fireworks— T. P. Robinson, chairman; H. E.
Coffer, A. Fodera, W. W. Finnic William
Bendt.
Regalia— J. J. McCarthy (chairman), George
Smith, Dr. T. H. Morris, Frank Cornyn.
Reception— Stephen V. Costello (chairman),
George R. Fletcher, Frederick Hess, J. M.
Shannon.
Invitation— L. F. Walsh (chairman), J. A.
Hammersmith, Dawson Mayer, H. F. Wynn,
John F. McGeough.
Printing— T. .1. Drury (chairman), William F.
Ambrose, J. M. Hamilton.
Music— F. Haabe (chairman), P. Roland.
Henry Ryan, Charles F. Burgman, Rudolph
Herold.
Hacks, carriages — Martin Fragley (chairman),
Laurence F. Walsh, T. .1. Drury.
Transportation— Luke P.attles (chairman), H.
H. Lynch. Charles F. Burg-man, James H.
O'Brien, John E. Owens.
Press— Leon SamuHs (chnirman), F. A. Os
borne. Jam** H. O'Brien. W. W. Whan.
Regatta — Grattan Phillips (chairman*, ,T. 8.
Devlin. J. McCarthy, J. T. Sullivan, J. Much,
Thomas L. Doran, Charles Rlley.
Auditing- I*. Bolan (chairman). William F.
Humphrey, L*on Samuels.
Decoration— Frank lister (chairman), T. B.
Gibson, W. H. Hazel. L. F. Walsh, T. L.
Doran.
Finance — George R. Fletcher (chairman),
Hern- S. Martin. William F. Dutton, Oeorge
H. Buckingham, Sig, Stern, George F. Folsom.
William Plageman. George C. Boardman,
James Taylor. Henry fampe, Al L«hrke, Ed
ward Holland, Rudolph Herold, Holla V. Watt,
Louis Haas.
• A lengthy discussion followed on the
question as to whether the celebration
proposed by the committee could be car
ried out on the $3000 appropriated by the
Supervisors. The majority of the menj
bers present were of the opinion that the
appropriation would be sufficient, and ex
pressed a decided objection to soliciting
additional funds from downtown mer
chants. This, however, did not preclude
the acceptance of any voluntary contri
butions that may be made to the finance
committee by patriotic citizens.
After debating the matter of allowances
to be made to the sub-committees, for
fully two hours, It was decided to adjourn
until next Tuesday evening, when reports
will be received from the chairmen of the
several committees relative to the amount
of money each of them will require to
make a proper display.
WORDEN'S TIME GROWS SHORT.
His Last Appeal to the Supreme
Court Has Been Denied.
The chances of escape of S.ilter D.
Worden, convicted of murder In wrecking
a railroad train during the big railroad
strike, are growing less every day. The
last set-back he got was at the hands of
the Supreme Court yesterday when his
petition for a writ of error was disposed
of by denial. Ills attorney made an ef
fort to get the case before the United
States Supreme Court on a writ of error,
and the grounds upon which the appeal
was made were that the lower court erred
in giving instruction to the Jury. Also
that the evidence presented by the pros
ecution was not sufficient to warrant the
verdict of murder in .the first degree,
with the punishment of death by hanging.
This case has attracted as much atten
tion ac any ever tried in the courts of this
State. During the railroad strike live
years ago a railroad train carrying troops
to Sacramento to subdue the strikers was
wrecked in Yolo County by the track
having been tampered with. The engine
and tender were tumbled into a ditch,
and the engineer, Clark, was killed. Wor
den and others were arrested and he was
convicted. The case has been appealed
to every court in the land havine" juris
diction, and the convicted man has been
reprieved by the Governor several times.
worden his had the sympathy and sup
gort of the labor unions from the very
rst; the worklngmen contributing the
o
me, but it was my intention had I been
at my office to-day to incorporate it
among other directions to the princpals,
and I may yet do so.
President C. I-. Barrington, of the Board
of Education— There is no question that
the plan outlined by The Call is a splen
did one, and it should be repeated not
only this year but in years to come, Tho
day should be devoted to patriotic exer
cises in all the schools. Every school
house and private residence should fly
the stars and stripes on that day. I have
suggested making Tuesday a memorable
one in the minds of the school children
to principals I have met during the past
week, and they all agreed with me. The
only reason why any special programme
was not arranged is because many of th.j
schools will hold graduating exercises
next week. Though some schools will
close on "Flag Day," yet I am sure tho
occasion will be observed by patriotic ex
ercises.
money for carrying the case through the
courts.
POLLY WINKED HER EYE.
Policeman Menihan's Hand Badly
Torn by a Parrot in Court.
Policeman Menlhan now detests poll
parrots and declares that he would not
have one of them in his house for love
or money.
Yesterday Menihan was the custodian
of a poll parrot In Judge Mohan's court
room. It had been taken by Menlhan from
Mrs. Otts, E66 Minna street, In virtue of a
search warrant sworn out by Mrs. Mc-
Monomy, 1057 Mission street, for Its re-
covery. Mrs. McMenomy claimed that
she was the owner of the parrot, which
had been twice stolen from her by Mrs.
Otts, the last time on May 15 last.
When the case was called Meninan was
ordered to bring the parrot into court.
Instead of taking hold of the top of th«
cage Menihan Inserted his left hand
through the bars and polly promptly
stuck her bill into the obtruding hand
and tore the flesh open. Menihan gave a
yell that stopped the proceedings in th<i
court for a moment and said some un
complimentary things about the parrot.
It required nil his presence of mind to
prevent him from taking summary ven
geance on polly as he saw the blood
pouring out of the wounds on his hand.
The parrot was turned over to Mrs.
McMenomy, much to Mrs. Otts' dis
gust, and she only stopped her protests
when the Judge threatened to commit
her for petty larceny for stealing the par
rot.
As Menihan handed the parrot to Mrs.
McMenomy he said: "Shure, I wouldn't
have the dirty baste In my house for a
fortune, and I'm mortally glad to get rid
of it."
A SOLDIER IN TROUBLE.
Arthur Jackel Charged With At-
tempted Robbery and Mali
cious Mischief.
Arthur Jackel, a member of the South
Dakota regiment, was arrested early yes
terday morning by Policeman Connor
on charges of malicious mischief and at
tempted robbery.
Jaokel had been taking In the Barbary
Coast, and about 4 o'clock yesterday
morning, while under the influence of
liquor, he entered the coffee parlors or
Louis Juhl, f>37 Broadway. He demanded
liquor, but Juhl informed him that he
did not sell strong drinks. They had
some word? and Jackel, after remarking
that he would get even with Juhl, went
outside and threw a cobblestone through
the window.
Policeman Connor heard the crash and
placed Jackel under arrest. As he waa
taking him to the police station Andrew
Mayer met them, and accused Jackel of
knocking him down on Broadway short
ly before and attempting to rob him.
The cases were called in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday morning and continued
until to-morrow.
The Registration.
The registration office will be kept open
at night after Monday next. This was
decided by the Election Commissioners
yesterday, but the decision was reached
only after a meeting that was not as quiet
as It might have been.
Mr. Biggy asked permission of the board
to keep his office open until 9 o'clock at
night In order to avoid the rush which
always occurs at the close of the time
for registration. Mr. Broderick objected
because he thought it would be an un
necessary expense so early In the cam
paign. Mr. Biggy said it was his purpose
to avoid as much as possible the hurry
which always comes In at the end of
the registration time. Mr. Broderlck
hinted that the expenses of the office were
enough already, and then a passage at
arms between the Registrar and the Au
ditor was only stopped by the gavel of
the chairman of the board.
The registration so far this year
amounts to 2196; yesterday's figures were
134.
Belcher Must Sign.
The case of the Parafflne Paint Com
pany against the Board of Harbor Com
missioners has reached the Supreme
Court. Yesterday Attorney F. A. Strat
ton for the Commissioners applied to that
tribunal for a writ of mandate to compel
Superior Judgre Belcher to order the
plaintiffs to prepare the findings and de
cision In the case, in order that the Judge
may sign the same. In his petition the
attorney sets forth that at the conclu
sion of the trial in the lower court the
Judge announced his decision from the
hencn and directed the plaintiff's attor
neys to prepare the findings and decision
for him. This ha» not been done, and a
motion for an order to have the plaintiff's
attorneys carry out the directions of the
Court as stated, was denied by Judge
Belcher. In order to keep the ball roll
ing, so to speak, the defendants presented
the findings In accordance with the de
cision, so Ihey assert, but the Judge haa
refused to sign them. The Supreme Court
has ordered that Judge Belcher see that
the findings are signed, or show cause
before the higher tribunal in bank on
July 11th why he has not done so
His Left Arm Torn.
George Miller, an expert mechanic, liv
ing at 2919 Sacramento street, waa en
gaged yesterday afternoon in examining
the machinery of an elevator at 508 Cali
fornia street, when his left arm aot
caught in a cog wheel and the flesh, mus
cles and nerves were torn off from the
elbow to the shoulder. Ho was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, but refused to be
treated there, and was later taken to a
private hospital on Capp and Sixteenth
streets. He may lose his arm.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
A SEWERAGE SYSTEM
FOR FOLSOM PRISON
OFFICIALS ALLOW THE NECES
SARY DEFICIENCY.
The Pollution of the American and
Sacramento Bivers Will Soon
Be Stopped.
Before very long the Board of State
Prison Commissioners will begin the con
struction of a sewerage system for the
prison at Folsom, whereby the refuse and
disease breeding drainage of that institu
tion will be emptied elsewhere than into
the American River. For years past the
drainage of the prison has been into this
river, which flows into the Sacramento,
from which the inhabitants below obtain
their supply for drinking and household
purposes. This was a serious menace to
public health. During the past few years
the Infected waters of the rivers have
caused considerable sickness among the
Inhabitants along their banks. This Bub-
Ject was taken up several weeks ago by
The Call, and the dangers thoroughly ex
posed. The people of Sacramento became
aroused and a great flght was made
against the continuance of the menace to
public health. Indignation meetings were
held, and the. officials of the city and
county demanded that some system be
devised whereby the sewage of the prißon
be carried into other channels than that
from which the drinking water of thou
sands of people is taken.
The efforts in the cause of more sani
tary measures had their effect, but the
State officers moved slowly, being ham
pered by a certain amount of red tape,
which had to be unwound first. At last
the tape line reached its end and the
State Board of Prison Directors began a
move in the right direction. They de
cided that it was not right that the pol
lution of the rivers in this way should
continue and the health of the public
endangered. In this conclusion they were
supported by the Penal Code of the State,
which declares that the pollution of riv
ers and other streams is a crime. Having
arrived at this conclusion they next con
sulted their finances and found that the
funds at their disposal were a little shy
for so large an undertaking as the con
struction of a sewerage system for the
prison.
Their next move was to consult the
Governor and the Attorney General. Yes
terday Governor Budd and Attorney Gen
eral Fitzgprald decided to allow the Pris
on Directors to create a deficiency for
$15,000. With this sum at their disposal
the Prison Directors will at once begin
operations, so they say. That is, they
will look over the ground and see how
the sewerage of the prison can be carried
away from the prison in a manner that
will "not endanger public health. So far
no plans have been decided upon, but the
directors say they will lose no time in
their preparation.
Accuses an Agent.
The license committee of the Board of
Supervisors has received a communica
tion from I,abor Commissioner Fitzger
ald asking that the license of W. A. Shep
ard, an employment agent, be canceled,
and in the letter is inclosed a copy of a
communication received by the Commis
sioner in which is set forth a list of
grievances. It is charged that Shepard
has been arrested on charges of fraud,
and that he is not a fit person to be al
lowed to conduct such an agency.
Divorce Suits Filed.
The following suits for divorce were
filed In the Superior court yesterday:
"William Rosenberg against Minnie Ro
senberg, on the ground of desertion;
Mary D. Skinner against John B. Skin
ner.'on the ground of failure to provide;
Isabel Duenwald from Charles Duen
wald, on the ground of desertion; Ida M.
de Smidt against Se^-sil E. x<.. de Smidt,
on the ground of failure to provide, and
Jessie L. Tooley against George W. Too
ley, on the ground of cruelty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkenness Cured
It Is Now Within the Reach
of Every Woman to Save
the Drunkard.
A TRIAL PACKAGE OP THIS
MARVELOUS HOME REMEDY
MAILED FREE TO ALL WHO
WRITE FOR IT.
i Can Be Given in Tea, Coffee or Food, Thus
Absolutely and Seoretly Curing the
Patient in a Short Time With- ,
, out His Knowledge.
There Is a cure for Drunkenness that has
shed a radiance into thousands of hitherto
desolate firesides. It does Its work bo silently
and surely that while the devoted wife, sister
or daughter looks on, the drunkard Is reclaimed
even against his will and without his knowl-
edge or co-operation. The discoverer of this
grand remedy. Dr. Halnes, will send a sample
I of the remedy free to all who will write for it.
I Enough of the remedy Is mailed free to show
how it Is used In tea, coffee or food and that It
will cure the dreaded habit quietly and per-
manently,
Mies May Muse of Liberty, Kan., used this
wonderful : remedy and cured a near and dear
relative and she. writes a most earnest appeal
to all other women to thus spread the work of
saving drunkards.
' Mrs. May Branum, Owens, La., says the
remedy succeeded in completely curing her
husband and he thought it was by hie own
free will, never suspecting the food.
Mrs. B. I. Langdon of Wheatland. Cal., says
she will never hesitate to recommend it as it
cured her husband, who was a hard drinker.
Hundreds of others are reported, even the
worst cases where the habit seems to have
! blotted out the last remaining spark of self-
respect. '
Tears and prayers are of no use. Pleading,
pledges, loss of social or business position are
unavailing to stem the tide of absolute deprav-
ity. This famous remedy, Golden Specific, dis-
covered by Dr. Halnes, has reunited thousands
of scattered families, It ha» saved thousands
of men to social and business prominence and
public respect; has guided many a young man
Into the right road to fortune; has saved the
father, the brother, the son ana in many cases
the wife and daughter, too. Such a godsend
to the fireside should be known to everyone.
Dr. Halnes is not a philanthropist In his own
estimation, and yet he is one of the greatest
benefactors to the family we know of. Upon
application to Dr. J. W. Halnes, 868 Glenn
Building, Cincinnati. 0., ho will mall a free
sample of the remedy to you, securely sealed
in a plain wrapper, also full directions how to
use It, books and testimonials from hundreds
who have been cured, and everything needed to
aid you in saving those near and dear to you
from a life of degradation and ultimate poverty
and disgrace. .
Send for a free trial to-day. It will brighten
the rest of your life. ■
Q vim DR. JORDAN'S <*«•-<
iglfa Museum of Anatomy
||&R|i :CslHmMST.fcet.Sth*7ti f 3. F. CtL
IN' ' i W Tk« LarfMt •fill klEdluBb» World. ,
I)SK t OR* JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IhWB • ■ Conciliation tr—. Writ* tor H*ak
W I If Philosophy of Marriage.
' « U MAILED mil.
—————— — — ■— —
RAILBOAD TRAVEL.
i THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, 1898, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. . . North-bound.
Passen- I Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday 6ta- Sunday ■ : ger .
j Daily. Exc'pt'd tons. , Exc'pt'd Daily. '
7:20 a m »:00 a m Stockton 3:45 p m 6:40 pm
9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:60 p m 3:63 pm
10:40 a m 3:60 p m Fresno 9:30 a m 2:20 p m
! 11:85 am 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 a m j:26pm
2:45 p m 11:50 p m Bk'rfl'd 2:30 a m 10:16 a m
i 12:06 pm 7:50 pm Vlealla 6:40 a m 12:55 p m
! Stopping nt Intermediate points as required.
! Connections— At Stockton with steamboats of
I California Navigation • and - Improvement Com-
I pany, leaving San Francisco anil Stockton at <
| p. m. dally; at Merced with stages to and
from Snelllnes, ■■■ CoultervHle, Yn«emite, ■ etc.;
also with stage from Hornltos, Mariposa, etc.
I ax Lankershlm with, state to and from Madera,
ADVERTISEMENTS. -_.--^- ------ -.-r
JUNE BARGAIN SALE
COMMENCING* MONDAY, JUNE 13.
AT EVERY COUNTER • LADIES' WHITE APRONS.
/N BOTH STORES. llL**^^™*™*™ fnBe . rtlOn - l 6°
We will offer Special BARGAINS in &&i %sl 00
SEASONABLE GOODS in addition to *
those .enumerated here. &>'* Stores.
MADRAS WASH GOODS. i SOPA BILLOW.
At Sale* Price
So per Yard. , 4Oc '
-Both Stores. ' Both Stores
PRINTED MADRAS WASH FABRICS. HEMSTITCHED LINEN TRAY CLOTHS.
On red grounds, choice checks and Fine qualUy ' Mo «****■
stripes, this season's novelty; worth 10c. S^l^ »-> i rr ,
At 3Oc.
So per Yard.
Both Storts.
Both Stores.
HEMSTITCHED LINEN SCARFS.
BLACK BROCADE DRESS SILKS. Open work. 18 by 72 inches; worth «1 25.
Excellent quality, price was 85c, choice _ , __» ,
designs. Sale* Price
Sale Price 7Oc *
55 c. 'Both Stores..
Both Stores. REMNANTS
REMNANTS
CHENILLE TABLE COVERS. Of DRESS GOODS, DRESS SILKS, TABLE
V-'':Oood styles, fringed, V& yards square; j LINENS ETC
regular $1 grade. \ immuuu, uj.\j>.
Marked at very low price*.
Sale Price . Market-street Store Only.
65c.
• Both Stores. , Worth 10c— CINDERELLA FLANNELETTES
; Solid pinks, 27 inches wide.
HEMSTITCHED PILLOW OASES. At
Extra quality, worth 15c ; . ,-., 5c per Yard.
At llc » Market-street Store Only.
Both Stores.
Worth PERCALES 36 INCHES WIDE.
COTTON TOWELS, EXTRA HEAVY. cllOlO6c 110106 P« tterns -
Size 22 by At Inches, worth 15c At
At lOc. So per Yard.
'Both Stores. Market-street Store Only.
JAPANESE WHITE SILKS. Worth 12^o— PRINTED TAN COTTON DUCK
20 inches wide, worth 30c # Neat patterns.
At At
2Oc per Yard. So per Yard.
Both Stores. Market-street Store Only,
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET AND 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry • Foot ol Market St,
SAN FKA-- l'O SAN T.AFAEL,.
WEEK DAY. 0, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30, 6:10. t,.. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. v:. • . ..ays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 11:30, 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. • _; ,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
~~ Leave •-■ Arrive
San Franclsoo. 'In Effect San Francisco.
_ April 23, ; —
Week I Sun- IS9S. Sun- j Week
Days, I days. | Destination, days, [ I lays.
7:30 am 8:00 am ~' Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm| 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm| 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7- -jo am Hopland and • 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 Pm[ 6:22 pm
7:30 am • 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm[
3:30 pm I ; 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma lv:40 am 8.40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm( Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pn
7:30 «jni 8:00 am Sebastopol. j 10:40 am 10.26 am
8:30 pm| 6:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:2.' pin
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Sprints; at Gey-
*erville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Jlopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Sprlnps; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, Rlver-
eide, Lleriey's, Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights,
Hullvllle, Booneville, Git's Hot Springs, Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rate*.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pr*». and Gen. Manager. O«n. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
TUB BBST f*A ft WAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car«
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*
Run on the Following Time i
tear* Ban Francisco. 4:Bo p. m., &M.T.W.T,F.fc»
j Arrive Denver 6:00 p. tn.. W.T.F.B.S.M.Ti
j Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W,
Arriv* St. Louis. 8:16 p. m.. T.F.6. 8.M.T. W.
■\rrlva Chloaco >:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTAgLB
If You Travel on the Santa Pe.
Ml FRANCISCO TIGHT OFFICE— MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1230.
Oakland Offloe— 1118 Broadway.
Saoramento Offioe- 201 J Street.
S&n Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito: Ferry.
Front San Francisco, commencing May 1, IMS.
WUEIC DAYS.
For Mill Valley: and Sun Rafael— 7:oo, •8:00.
•9:30. 11:00 a. m,; '1:45. 3:20, 4:00. 6:15. '6:00.
C:3O p. m. ' . . ■ .' : .:-;
Extra trips ' for San Rafael on ■ Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
p. in. . • ,
* SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, »9:00,
♦10:00. 11:00. ll:»0 a. m.; 1:00. »1:46. •2:30, »4:00,
5:30, 1:45 p. m. •
11:00 a. m. does not run to Ban Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked * run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. . 
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:20 p. m. . Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'na.
8:16 p. m. week ■ days (Sat. Tomales and
way stations, .
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and tray stations.
1:46 p. m. Sundays— Folnt Reyes and way ata'n, '
ijn i miii 1 1 :"m: "m wn i iii i'»w< <fm»fin im, iiiri.thrfiaiin
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
«»l Tlli:it> I'ACII'IO COHPAHT.
(PACIFIC BYMTBM.)
TrMln* |«nir nn<l iti-t- <!••«• to nrrlv» at
NAN lIUMINtO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) <
leave — From Juxb 1. 1398. — arrive
"»6:00a Niles, San Jose »nd \\»y St»tion«... *»:»."«a.
7:OOa Itt-nicia, SuUun aud Sacramento.... 10:43 a
?:«JOa MarysTille, Orovilleaiul Redding »i»
Woodland 5:43p
7:00 a Vacaville and Rumsey 8: lop
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
Oalistoga and Santa Rosa 6slsp
8:00 a Atlantic Express, t)gil«n and Kaat.. 8:45p
KiHOa Mies, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Hacrameuto, Mai>Hvtlle, Cbico,
Tehama aud Re.l liluff 4tlsr
•«:«Oa Peters, Milton, Oakdale... ;. "Wll
UiHOa New Orleans Kiptasa, Merced, Fres-
no, lUkerslield, ' Santa Itarliara,
I«a A illicit, UeiuinK, Bl I'aao,
New Orleans and Ktmt «i4sp
1O:OOa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
M:OOp Sacramento la»er Hteiimtirs M»:Oll|.
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations. . . }'-»: 1»A
2:00p Livermore, Mendota, llaiifor-l and
Visalia 4:13p
Livi^rmore, San J ose, Niles and Way
Stations JIO: 1 :» *
Fresno, Yosenilte, Merced, Martinet 1«:I*>P
4:OOP Martinet, »au Uhiiioii, Valleju.
Nairn, raliHtnga, Xl Vnraiiu and
HnntaUoßft »il»*
4:00p Benlcia, Vasaville. Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
. »ille mnl Hiicrßinento IO:4»A
4iBOp Niles, San Jose, Truer and Stockton .. 7:15e
4:80p Stookton, I.odi, Oakdale (James-
town for Yoseraite), Merced 18:13*
4:80p Lathrop, Modesto. Merced. Berenda
(Raymond for Yoeemite), I'resno,
Mojuve, Santa Barbara and Los
V "•'-•-■-• Anuolf Ti4»a.
' 4i»op Santa IV Itoute, AtlHiitlc Kipreas
forMoju»e and K*st 8:43 p
6:OOp Knriineuii Mall, Ogden and Kas».... . 9s 'J : »*
•6:« mi Vallejo • l»:»3p
• :«O|- Il,,yiv.ird». Nlliimnd Han .Tone 7:4."» A
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Oosto and Way SU-
tions J9:4»»
8:00 1« On-con Hx|ir«as,Hii«Tß!iieiitn, Murys-
villf, U.-.l = li.,K. I'ortlßl.d, fiiget
Simnd on.l «ii«fe »:l-tA
I ' 5H i-ka.mhu» AMI iu\waui»s um:ai..
( Foot of . Market Street.) -
I Helrosir, Sciniimrf Turk, ( 7:I."»a.
» : «2* S" l,e«n.lrn. South S«n J?jlff
ill'.o«t Leandro, JMud.llo, JJ'.JSj
112:00 m Lorenzo, Cherry • (i.-4.-ip( i.-4.-ip
i3:oop «»•' t*t**r
StOOp Ilujwardft. (3i43p
7ioop < Ruin tbrougU to Niles. 7i43p
) t From Nlles. I,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow tiau**).
■ '. . —^ ■ (Foot of Market Street.) '
{7i43jl B»nta Cruz Kicursiou, Bauta Cru*
and Prindpal Way Stations JBi«3p
BilsANewark,Oeatcrpille,SanJo«e,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa, Oruz and Way
Station BittOp
•tilSp Newark, Ccnterville, San Jose, New
Almadru. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations , *19; SO«
4:15r Ran Jose, Glenwood & Way Stations 9:20
a4:l 3p Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz. . .... JU:BQa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtmSlH mtiClSCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 ll.Oiu.M. $1:03 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 ' tS:O3 •8:00 p.».
from OUUHD~-FooUfßr«adw«T.— "6:oo 8:00 10.00*. ¥.
112:00 »l:00 1233 ■ *3:00 Jt-.00 «B:00r.M.
CUASI' DIVIhION (Broad (<«» Be). '
(Third and Townsend Bts.)
•7i«Oa Han Juaa and \V»y Htntii.iuTiNew
Aliiiadpii Wednesdays only) ll3*P
{7>Soa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santa CruE, Piclfia ' Grove and ■
l'rirdpa! Way .stations :8:83p
•iOO* .Sun .Ion,), I'ren I'inoa, Hnnta Crux,
i'aoii,.- (Juivb. Paso Rubles, Han
Luis oiilsi.ii, Quadalune, Surf and
Prlncii-Hl \V*y Stations..... 4ilor
IO:40a Hun .lose Hii.l Way Stations... "»:«O\
t I1:3Oa San Jose and Way .Stations *S:33a
•»:45i-Shh Mateo, Re<lwood, Menlo Park, .
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .lone,
Uilroy, Holluter, Sitnta Cms,
. Salinas, Monterey and Pacitio
C.rove , ,.,.,,.,.... *IO:30a
•»:3«p San Jose and Way Stations *»:<»<•*
•4 :13i> Han Jose ami Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3zoop San Jose and Prinqipal Way Stations S:'.{3a
llMr San Jose ami Principal Way Station* . .">:.".op
«::inp San Jose and Way Stations . 7:30p
I t11:43i» San Jo«e «nd Way Station!. v 7i3Or
A for Morning. I' for Afternoon.
* .Sundays i"XcM|.rp.i. I Sundays only. i Saturdays o>ly
I Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, commencing May l
IMS; ■ • : * *•
Week Days— 9:So a, m., 1:45 and 6:15 d m.
Sundays-* 8:00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:43 and
!:»0 p. m. . --. -.■-■•-■
Round trip from Mill Valley, H.
•j'HOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 121 Manet
•treet. San Francisco.
Wily Call $1.50 per Year
910
FEARS TO
FACE THE
POPULACE
San Jose's School Board
Now Holds Secret
Sessions.
Efficient Educator Deposed to
Mal^e I^oom for a Friend of
"Boss" I^ea.
BAN JOSE, Jane IL— The City Board
of Education is engaged in conducting
a aeries of Htar-chamber meetings. Thla
clandestine way of conducting business
1b the result of the great wave of public
disapproval of the board's action that
haa Bwept over the city in the past ten
days. Since the Trustees failed to re
elect Professor L. R. Smith to the
faculty of the High School and dls- ;
oharged Mrs. A- B. Clement, the As
sistant City Superintendent, the people
have been possessed of a desire to see
tbe workings of the board. In this they
have been unsuccessful. There was no :
regrular meeting on Monday night and
an adjournment was taken until Thurs
day night, but no session was held at
that time. Yesterday afternoon the '
board held a meeting without any call
or other notification and elected the
kindergarten teachers for the year.
Undoubtedly the reason for holding
unannounced meetings is to avoid hav
ing any one present. At the last public
meeting the High School students
turned out 300 strong and protested
against the dismissal of Professor
Fmith. It is the fear of a repetition of
this outpouring of students, together
with the attendance of a large number
of citizens who are aroused over the
recent actions of the board, that has
caused the School Trustees to hold
these secret sessions.
The San Jose Woman's Club has
risen in arms over the dismissal of Mrs.
Clement, who has served the city faith
fully and efficiently as Assistant City
Superintendent for the past six years.
In that time not one word has been*said
against Mrs. Clement and cnly words
of praise have been mentioned in con
nection with her work. But. notwith
standing this, the Board of Education
has dropped her and placed Miss Irene
Hunkenson of Gilroy In the position.
Miss Hankenson has taught for Beveral
years at Gilroy, but has had no ex
perience in the work she will meet in
the superintendent's office. Her ap
pointment was obtained through
"Boss" Rea.
At the last meeting of the "Woman's
Club resolutions deprecating the action
of the Board in dismissing Mrs. Clem
ent ajid asking that she \e reinstated
were adopted, and yesterday these reso
lutions were presented to the Board of
Education. No action Was taken on
them, and they were ordered filed. The
resolutions are an follows:
Whereas, The Woman's Club of
San Jose was organized for the en
couragement and advancement not
only of educational interests but
of all objects that make ior better
social and Intellectual conditions;
and
Whereas. The Woman's Club is
not a corporation, but is pledged to
stand for rlifht and .iustice and the
best Interests of society, whether
the matters considered may affect
club members or not; and
Whereas, The administration of
our public school affairs in a man
ner consistent with Justice and
right and with the maintenance of
a high standard of efficiency in our
public schools comes properly
within tha scope of the Woman's
Club; and
Whereas. Mrs. A. B. Clement,
wtio has tilled the position of As
sistant City Superintendent for six
year*, has proved herself most em
inently qualified by long experi
ence, faithful and untiring- service
and exceptional natural ability for
the duties of this responsible posi
tion; and
Whereas, The recent action of
the Ban Jose Board of Education
in falling to re-elect Mrs. Clement
to the. position that she has filled
bo acceptably and putting a new
official in the place tends to weak
en the efficiency of our school,
works a cruel injustice to a faith
ful official fuid is In direct violation
of the principle of civil service re
form which Is supposed to govern
public office holding; and
Whereas, While the new ap
pointee may be and doubtless is a
most worthy lady, against whom
wt» are making no complaint, yet
there la no valid reason for sub
jecting the schools to the loss of a
lone tried and capable officer and
lining her place with one who must
acquire experience in this impor
tant department at the expense of
the school department. Therefor*
be it
Resolved, That the San Jose
Woman's Club respectfully and
most earnestly petitions the San
Jose Board of Education that in
the best interests of our schools
as well as In the cause of right
and in justice to a faithful and ef
ficient officer, against whom there
has been no charge wnatever. It
reconsider its action whereby Mrs.
Clement was dropped from tne po
sition she has filled so satisfacto
rily and reappoint her to the oftice
of Assistant City School Superin
tendent.
These resolutions are lndorseu by the
115 members of the Woman's Club, In
cluding the most prominent and in
fluential ladies of the city, et the
board paid no more attt-n* i to the
resolutions than if they were nothing
but a Chinese wash ticket that had in
some unknown manner drifted in\o the
Trustees 1 room.
The officers of the Woman's Club are:
President, Mrs. S. A. Jones; secre* ■■•»»
Mrs. L. Callisch; corresponding secre
tary, Mrs. F. L. Poster; treasurer, Mrs.
J. Schoenhelt; auditor, Mrs. A, P. Mur
gotten. Board of directors: Mrs. E.
O. Bmith, Mrs. Mitchell Phillips, Mrs.
J. Schoenhelt, Mrs. S. A. Jones, Mrs. A.
P. Murgotten. Mrs. N. T. Biddle. Mrs.
P. L. Foster and Mrs. L. Callisch.
These and other members are strong
In their denunciation of the board's ac
tion. They say rrierlt should be recog
nized and kept In the School Pepart
! ment when found, as the dismissal of \
such ladles as Mrs. Clement weakens ■
the offlciency of the department. They j
hold Trustees Kenyon, Graham,
O'Brian and Wemple responsible, al- i
though they admit these four were but
doing the bidding of the "gang." The
ladies do not propose to let the matter
drop, and may take other steps to let
the Trustees know they take an interest
in affairs pertaining to home and i
schools.
This morning Miss Irene Hankenson,
accompanied by Rea, appeared be
fore City Superintendent Russell and
took the oath of office of Assistant City
Superintendent.
CHARGES AGAINST
CAPTAIN COOPER.
Members of the Board of Visitors
Claim to Have Been Discour
teously Treated.
WASHINGTON. June 11.— Members
of the board of visitors to the Naval
Academy, who are said to have been
displeased with alleged rude treatment
accorded them by the Superintendent
and other officials during their recent
official visit to the institution, do not
seem willing to discuss the matter.
Representative Hilborn of California,
who acted as the president of the
board and is one of the leading mem
bers of the House Committee on Naval
Affairs, hints that the members of the
buard were not pleased with the recep
tion or treatment by Captain Cooper.
He says that there will probably be
an official investigation of the matter.
It is reported that he himself called the
attention of the Navy Department to
the alleged offenses of Superintendent
Cooper and that if an investigation Is
made it will be at his Instance.
Captain Cooper has heard of the
Congressman's complaint through of
ficial sources. He admits that such
charges have been made.
Lack of courtesy and want of discip
line seem to be the basis of the Rep
resentative's complaint to the Secre
tary of the Navy against the Superin
tendent. Captain Cooper explained his
"conduct" in a letter now in the hands
of the Secretary of the Navy.
WESTLAKE FOUND GUILTY.
Trial of the Monterey Embezzler on
the Third Indictment.
SALINAS, June 11.— The trial of ex-
Tax Collector Westlake on the third in
dictment for embezzling $371 license
taxes collected in July, 1897, which has
been in progress befure Judge Dooling
the past three days, was concluded at
4:30 this afternoon and given to the
Jury. Before the commencement of the
trial Westlake's attorney asked for a
dismissal of the indictment on the fol
lowing grounds: That he had been ac
quitted on one indictment, convicted on
another and wac ar;ain placed In
Jeopardy. The Judge gave no decision,
but ordered the trial to proceed.
At 8 o'clock this evening, after hav
ing asked for further instructions, the
Jury returned to the court with a ver
dict of guilty. Westlake now stands
convicted of embezzling $321 license
taxes in June and $371 in July. 1897. He
has several similar ones against him
and also four for embezzlement of de
linquent assessment taxes. His attor
neys will appeal to the Supreme Court,
as In the case of the former conviction.
DIES FROM HIS INJURIES.
San. Jose Carpenter Fatally Hurt
While Hauling a Cannon.
RAN JOSE, June 11.— Henry Starkey,
who with Horace Moody was Injured
last evening while hauling to the Court
house a cannon with which to fire a sa
lute at the clerks' meeting, died this
afternoon.
In some unaccountable way the con
nection between the gun and caisson
became unfastened, and the tongueflew
up and frightened the team, which ran
away. Both men were thrown heavily
to the ground. Starkey was badly
bruised about the head, sustaining a
fracture of the skull. His left shoulder
was fractured, and he was also injured
internally. Starkey was removed to
the Receiving Hospital, but never re
gained consciousness.
Moody was badly Injured and a num
ber of bones In his left hand were frac
tured.
Btarkey was a carpenter by trade and
about 45 years of age.
NEEDHAM FOR CONGRESS.
MODESTO, June 11.— The Republican
convention of Stanislaus County nom
inated the following ticket to-day: Sher
iff. S. McAllister; Clerk, A. S. Dlnpley;
Treasurer and Tax Collector, R. G. Ben
son; Auditor and Recorder, C. D. Swan;
Assessor, J. F. Campbell; District Attor
ney, J. M. Walthall; Superintendent of
Schools, J. A. Wagener; Surveyor, H. S.
Crowe; Coroner and Public Administra
tor, W. K. McMullen; Supervisor Third
District, John Dunn; Supervisor Fourth
District, Frank Laughlln. /
Attorney G. C. Needham of Modesto
was unanimously inuorsed for Congress
man from the Seventh District, and dele
gates were instructed to use all honor
able means to secure the nomination for
him.
Redlands Residence Burned.
REDLANDS, June 11.— The handsome
residence of Mrs. S. M. Utt. on Palm
avenue, was totally destroyed by flre this
evening. The origin of the blaae Is un
known, as there had been no flre In the
house since morning, and no person had
been there for a half hour previous to the
conflagration. Some of the furniture was
saved. The loss Is *5000; Insurance J3OOO
Refuses to Pay Salaries.
SAN DIEGO. June 11.— The County Au
ditor to-day refused to cash warrants for
Juno to teachers in the High School on
the ground that i the distriot is not le
gally organized. . The matter has been
under contest for some time In this coun
ty, and an opinion from the Attorney
General was asked for. . The refusal ' to
pay salaries will hasten a final decision
in the case. ■;. •
~m~
Advances made cm furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Nooaaa, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
SUPPLIES FOR
SAN QUENTIN
State Prison Directors
Let Contracts.
LIST OF LUCKY BIDDERS
PRICES TO BE PAID FOR POOD
AND CLOTHING.
Hay and Tea for the Penitentiary Not
Included in the Items
Passed Upon by the
Board.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAN QUENTIN, June 11.— The Board
of Prison Directors to-day awarded
contracts for furnishing supplies to the
prison for a year. No contracts for hay
or tea were awarded. The following
is a list of the principal items:
Lumber— Ash planking, $61 50 per 1000; rough
redwood, $15 70; shingles, $1 40; spruce. No. 1,
$1T SO; sugar pine, No. 1, rough, $67 76, to Swift
& Co. Cedar, $20; hickory, $100 BO; oak, $86;
Oregon pine, rough, $12; stepping, $20; sur
faced, $16 60; poplar, $71; redwood. No. 1, T. &
0., $21; Eastern sugar maple, $81; to Simpson
Lumber Company.
Paints, oils, etc.— Red lead, 6»4 cents per
pound; lard oil, 54 centß per gallon; raw Un
seed oil, 56 cents; turpentine, 48 cents; putty,
l\ cents per pound, to Yates & Co. Brown
Japan varnish, 10 cents per gallon; copal varn
ish. 65 cents; hard drying varnish, $3 60; one
coat coach $3; elastic gear $3 50; whiting, 85
cents per 100 pounds; Ivory drop black, 18 cents
per pound; to W. H. Fuller Sc Co.
Paper, etc.— Blotting paper, $9 60 per ream, to
Payot, I'pham & Co. Manila paper, $1 6*. to
Fleiehaker & Co. Butchers" paper, *S cents, to
Arms 4 Dalton. The latter firm received con
tracts for paper bags also.
Groceries, provisions, etc. — Pickles, sour, IS
; cents per gallon; pickles, sweet, 7H cents:
raisins, net, $4 42; corn starch, $4 76 net; maple
! sugar, 12^4 cents; tomatoes, 80 cents per dozen
cans; citron, 11 45-100 cents; cinnamon, II 1 *
cents; cloves 15 cents; ginger, 9 cents, to Mau,
Saddler & Co. Rice, $4 74; sardines, $3 74;
sago. 3 cents; California salt. 49 cents per 100
I pounds; salt, half ground, 32 cents; Worcestex
1 shire sauce, $4 75 per dozen buttles; castlle soup,
I 70 cents; starch, 4 cents: vermicelli, 6 cents;
i corn, 51 10 per cental: candles, $6 4a per case;
table fruit, $1 3.',; wheat, $1 50 per cental, to
! H. Levl & Co. Chemical soap, $2 59, to 8. Fos
ter & Co. Sugar. 6\ cents; cube sugar, 7H
cents; coffee, 9 S-5 cents; Java standard, 18
cents, to Ehrmann & Co. Assorted can Jellies,
$1 4». to Haas Brrs.
Blanketing and clothing— Blankets, $2 74 per
pair, to San Jose Woolen Mills; State I'rißon
flannel. 79 cents per yard; State Prison
cassimere. 24iic, to Levl. Strauss & Co.; sluice
blanketing, $1 20. to Napa Woolen Mills.
leather supplies — California calfskin, B»c;
heelshupes, $8 per dozen, to Main &. Winches
ter. French calfskin, 94 95-100 c; russet sheep
skin. $2 40; bronze sheepskin, $4 65; yellow
pheepskin. $4. to C. C. N'lcTinls & Co. Sole
leather, 23 Bti-100c; kip skins, light, extra, 49c;
medium, 47c, to S. H. Frank. Belt leather,
ttHC lo Cook Brothers.
Fuel— Cumberland coal in sacks. $15; English
coke In sacks, $15 50; Srr.tch flint, $4 50. to
John L». Howard. Charcoal, 4Sc; Plttsburg
steam coal. U, to Charles R. Allen. Clean Wel
lington. $7 30. to Dunsmulr & Co. Oak wood,
$6 99; pine wood, $5 87, to Joseph Astl.
The National Ice Company secured th« lee
contract at $5 60 & ton. Hirsoh & Kayser the
contract for photographic supplies. Miller
Ploss & Scott and Raker & HarVtlpn the bnlk
of th" hardware contracts and Nathan, Dohr
mann & Co. large contracts on silverware.
WASTE WATER
TO SAVE CROPS
Plan of Los Angeles
Farmers.
TO DEVELOP AN UNDERFLOW
ASK FOR PERMISSION TO TAP
THE RIVER.
Business Men Unite With the Agri
culturists in an Appeal
to the City
Council.
Special Dispatch t» The CiUl.
LOS ANGELES, June 11.— An exten
sively signed petition was filed with the
City Clerk to-day by farmers having
small ranches south of the municipal
ity, asking for permission to use for
a time the waste water of Los An
geles River. This water the agricul
turalists need to save their crops this
year and to be provided against future
drought. The plan is to take water
twenty feet below the surface of the
river to develop the underflow which
now goes on to the ocean and Is of no
benefit to any one. The point where
development is to be made Is in the city
limits. It is expected 600 Inches of
water can be obtained. For one hour
each day the petitioners agree to flush
the city's outfall sewer to the sea with
water, and the balance of It they ex
pect to convey by the Zanja system to
their small ranches below the city. The
petitioners agree that any time the city
desires it can revoke the permission
given and If the city itself ever decides
to develop the underflow water of the
river the permission Is revoked.
A petition was filed by a number of
wholesale and retail merchants, asking
that the Council accede to the request,
as it will save thousands of dollars'
worth of crops this year.
This is a rather novel request and as
the petition was filed very late It is dif
ficult to foretell what the action of
the Council will be. A strong: delega
tion of citizens will be on hand on Mon
day to urge Immediate action, for If
this season's crops are to be affected
the work of placing water on th«
planted lands must commence at once.
FLOATING CORPSE FOUND
WITH PINIONED ARMS
Evidence of a Possible Murder Oast
Up by the Waters of East
River.
NEW YORK, June 11. -The body of a
man with his arms pinioned to his side
by a carefully tied and knotted rope was
found floating in the East River at the
foot of East Sixty-second street to-day.
There are bruises on the head, and the
man may have been stunned and thrown
Into the river. The rope was of the kind
used as a line by a tugboat. This was
wound around the body and shoulders
and below the thighs. Ona arm had
worked loose, but the other was- still
pinioned.
The police believe the man is James S
Abritz Jr., who lived at Popular and
Johnson streets, Brooklyn. He was re
ported missing on June 9 and as having
last been seen at noon on June 1. He was
in the milk business with his father
when he disappeared he had $600 in cash
with him, which he had collected from
customers. He was 23 years of age and
his description tallies with that of the
man found lv tae river to-day.
WOODLAND
TO GREET
OUR GIRLS
Native Daughters Will
Meet There.
PLAN OF THE GRAND PARLOR
LIST OF FAIR DELEGATES UP TO
DATE.
Some of the Prospective Transactions
at the Twelfth Annual Session
of the Queens of the
Golden West.
The twelfth annual session of the Grand
Parlor of the Native Daughters of the
Golden West will be held In the city of
Woodland this year, commencing on Tues
day. The local parlor, Woodland No. 90,
through its several committees and the
citizens of that place, have made all ar
rangements for the proper reception of
the delegates and making their stay there
a most pleasant one.
The grand trustees of the body will hold
their last meeting of the term in Wood
land to-morrow s»o as to have their re
port up to the latest moment ready for
presentation on the following day.
The several reports to bo offered will
show that during the year the order has
done well, that there were instituted three
new parlors, Vendome No. 100 at Ban Jose,
Conrad No. 101 at Volcano and Aleta No.
102 at Salinas; that there has been a
g-atn in membership and that there haa
been an increane in finances. They will
also show that the older parlors are this
year in better condition than they were
the previous year, and that the member
ship generally has been more energetic
than it has been for some years. In many
of the older parlors there has been noticed
a great deal of work to the end that the
membership has shown a marked in
crease.
Mrs. Lena H. Mills of Joaquin Parlor
' No. 6, Stockton, the grand vice-president,
' who is in line of promotion, will be
i chosen grand president for the next term,
! as there is no opposition to her for that
j office. There are quite a number who,
I anxious to become grand president !n
I time, will be candidates for the ofttce of
grand vice-president. For the office
Of grand secretary, Mrs. Georgie ('. Ryan,
i the Incumbent, who for a number of
years has proved a faithful and efficient
officer, will undoubtedly he re-elected, aa
there has been no one named other than
herself for the office.
One of the matters that will be promi
nent before the grand body will be the
presentation for adoption of a new ritual
to supercede the one now in use. It is
probable that one which has been pre
pared by Mrs. Ounzendorfer of San Souci
Parlor of San Francisco, said to be a
gem in the line of secret work, will b«
adopted.
The following are the grand officers or
the existing Grand Parlor:
Past grand president, Mrs. Mary E. Tillman,
Pan Francisco; Rrand president, Mrs. Belle W.
Conrad. Sonora; grand vice-president, Mrs.
Lena H. Mills, Stockton; grand secretary, Mrs.
Ueorgle C. Ryan, San Francisco; grand treas
urer, Mlsb Lizzie Douglass. San Francisco;
grand marshal, Miss Roßa I'ay. San Francisco;
grand Inside sentinel, Mrs. Callie Shields. Ply
mouth; grand outside sentinel. Miss Irene Mc-
Leod, San Jose. Grand trustees-Mrs. Cora M.
Sifford. Ventura: Mrs. Lottie Van Harllnsen,
Sonora; Mrs. Lillian A. Carlle. San Francisco;
Miss Laura J Frakes, Sutter Creek; Mrs. Katie
T. Brlggs. Placerville.
The delegates to the grand body who
will legislate for the order for the com
ing year are:
Trsula Parlor No. 1, Jackson— Mrs. Ella
Camlnettl, Mrs. Nellie Ginoochio.
Minerva Parlor No. 2, San Francisco— Mis*
Carrie Crelgh, Miss Annie L. Donaldson.
Alta Parlor No 3. San Francisco- Mrs. Sarah
Braokett, Mrs. Rebecca Kemp Van l£e<\ Mitis
Eliza D. Keith, Mrs. Mary Myers, Miss Mary
Rlchter.
bun! a Rosa Parlor No. 4. Santa Rosa—
Joauuin Parlor No. 6. Stockton— Emma Bar
ney. Emma Hllke, Mrs. Grace J. Willy
Laurel Parlor No. 6, Nevada City-May Mar
tin, Emma Smith, Mm. Emma Rogers.
Oro Fino Parlor No. 9. San Francisco— Mrs.
Dollle Bradley, Mrs. Marguerite Kajip.
Bonita Parlor No. 10, Redwood City^-Mlss
Mary Swift.
Marguerite Parlor No. 12, Placerville— Miss
Mamie Carr, Miss Pora Zels.
Eschol Parlor No. 16, Napa— Miss Maud
Kean.
Alameda Parlor No. IS. Alameda— Miss Au
gusta Schuman.
Ramona Parlor No. 21, Martinez— Miss Mamie
Dlllingham.
California Parlor No. 22, Sacramento— Mrs.
Emma Cett, Mrs. Era Nlckell. Miss Mary
Woods.
La Esperanza Parlor No. 24, Los Angeles-
Miss Emma L. Pchmitz.
Santa Cruz Parlor No. 26, Santa Cruz-Mrs.
Ellen French.
Occident Parlor No. 28, Eureka— Mtv. Mary
J. Langford.
Manzanita Parlor No. 29. Grass Valley-Miss
Hattle Fisher, Mrs. Allle F. Watt.
Golden Bar Parlor No. SO, Sierra City— Miss
Maud Bassett.
Angellta Parlor No. 32, Ltvermore— Mrs. Co
rtnne Leonhart.
La Corona Parlor No. 33, Chlco— Miss Grace
Bchoor.
« E1 .n ajaro Parlor No. 85, Wataonvllle— Mrs.
Morrill.
Parri Parlor No. SS. Dlxon— Miss Emma .Ap
pprPon.
Chlspa Parlor No. 40. lone— Miss Annie Bag-
Camella Parlor No. 41, Anderson— Mrs. Sa
blna Kessler.
_•_ • , ADVERTISEMENTS. SSiS
1 SUPREME STRENGTH I
% A " that is good in man comes rom his vitai force— from that ft
T [^^X W^ stored-up energy which feeds the brain and physical body with life. ft
t? V- <^^" «^- JfiS^ > g\^ |^-^|^P ,'t is this grand power that makes a man re*spect himself and love his 4*
% X. \fesr^ x — \' m " mr fellow-man. It is the power that makes life enjoyable and pictures 4"
J. \t^^ v i'r^^> everything brightly, YOU LOST IT? I
* \ *wrk r l^* HAVE YOU LOST IT? I
-£ ir/'^A&K lilt ( i^T Have you wasted this precious vitality by excesses and abuse of ft
% SHw/^^^^^4 the laws of nature? Then you are weak; you have lost confidence ft
4* Wmsslßm % V \ in yourself; you see things on the dark, gloomy side; your life is darkened &
ji> » i \ anCi y° ur body shows the effects of your dissipation in early decay. .
I JNTm" V READ THIS GREAT BOOK-FREE I
% imr^W ik 1 D^ Sanden s Electric • Belt has made thousands of such men ft
% [Ar^ ikl V strong and well. It will restore you to that standard ,of wholesome ft
5 (Ci\ yISA vigor that you should possess. : Dr. Sanden will send you a book free ft
A j^S^Y lE \ • which telis you how you lost your strength and how you can get it
4* lillf Wh, \ aCk ' Ask r " anden or this book> li: ma y c worth y ear s of your life.
i* ! ■\W %U DR /I T A/nPA/ *- — %
«&. jsj4 'rfi lßlifJlL •* ' * M ■ * •■ ' * Iwn Jr m—4 l w f NOT IN DRUG-BTOREB vST
A : *n i i^'H n " -111'"^ ; : '^ m. # 7 °2 Market St., Cor. Kearny, San Francisco. Dr. sa^-» E iec- ft
*-■ •* w * I >D)#r^V«.l ■^■"  lU^lfflfe^* tj Office, Hours -8 a.m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays 10 to.l. tr £ Belt is never /*
*. , ' • , . IJP , fe^hesat^Loe Angeles, -Cal.. 20414 South Broadway; Port- nor h/^lt?^
|| ~_ I'AaAy-i'gz »■= p^"- <=-■*■■ « &<««"'. t . p .°;-., by --"-^ *
Officers of the Grand Parlor of the Native Daughters,
Sierra Parlor No. «, Dutch Flat— Mrs. Nellie
Goo<l»peed.
Ruby Parlor No. 46, Murphys-- Miss Mary
Kaler.
Oolden State Parlor No. 50, San Francisco—
Miss Miille Tiet.ien, Miss Mamie Ducker.
El Tapoine Parlor No. 55, Weavervllle-Min
nie Martin.
Orlnda Parlor No. sfi. San Frajicisco— Miss
Birdie Mayer, Mrs. Lena B. Mills.
Fremont Parlor No. r>9, San Francisco — Mrs.
Frances Barton, Mrs. Mamie Daniels.
Ollvlna Parlor No. 61, Alvaradu— Mrs. Mary
D. Crosby.
Marlposa Parlor No. 63, Mariposa— Mary-
Sterne.
Dardanelle Parlor No. 66. Snnora— Mre. M. R.
Guerena, Miss G. B. Price.
Biiena. Vista Parlor No. 68, San Francisco-
Mrs. Q«nevleve Haker, Miss Emma Bening,
Mrs. H. M. Green".
Columbia Parlor No. 70, French Corral — Mrs.
Louise A. Eckel.
( >n.-nnta Parlor No. 71, Ferndale— Miss Daisy
Kemp.
I>aß Thomas Parlor No. 72, San Francisco —
Mis* Mary Waters.
California Parlor No. 74, Marysville—Joseph
ine C. Bevan.
Verltas Parlor No. 75, Merced— Miss Vlnnle
"Phillips.
Crescent Parlor No. 76, Crescent City— Miss
Irene Mustek.
Juanita Parlor No. 77, Amador— Miss Lizzie
J. Culhert.
Amapola Parlor No. 80, Sutter Creek — Miss
Ida B. Herman, Mlws May M. Randolph.
San Jose Parlor No. 81, San Jose— Miss Rosa
lie Helloll.
El Pescadero Parlor No. 82, Tracy— Mrs. Em
ma Frerlchs.
Vosf-mite Parlor No. 83, San Francisco — Dr.
Mary IVpe '"nmpbell, Mrs. Susie Kalthoff.
Princess Parlor No. 84, Angels Camp— Mrs.
Mittle ttaumhosger.
("oncordla Parlor No. 85, Concord— Miss Kate
Bartnett.
Forrest Parlor No. 86, Plymouth— Mrs. Ella
Adams.
Piedmont Parlor No. 87, Oakland— Mrs. Emma
Munson, Miss Oertru<le Surryhne.
Ivy Parlor No. 88. Lodi— Mattia M. Stein.
La Eetrella Parlor No. 8!t, San Francisco —
Mrs. Annie AlgeltlnKer. Mrs. Emma Thlerbach.
Miriam Parlor No. 91, Antloch— Miss Mar
guerite Brown.
Pinole Parlor No. 92, Pinole— Miss Annette
McCarthy.
P.ucna Ventura Parlor No. 95, Ventura— Miss
Edith Shepard.
Sans Soucl Parlor No. 96, San Francisco —
Mrs. Annie Mocker.
lessen View Parlor No. 98. Shasta— Miss
Lena F. Blumb.
Golden Era Parlor No. 99, Columbia,
Vendome Parlor No. 100, San Jo»« — Mrs.
Snrah Durkee. '
Alrta Parlor No. 101. Snllnas— Mrs. A. Ster
ling. Mrs. Con McCandless.
There has been some delay In the pres
entation of the returns from Stanford
Parlor of Renlcia, Naomi Parlor of Dow
nieville. Union Parlor of Arcata, Laues
tinus Parlor of Madera, San Miguel Par
lor of San Miguel. Reichling Parlor of
Fortuna, and Conrad Parlor of Volcano.
The names of the delegates from these
parlors will be handed in to the commit
tee on -credentials on Tuesday morning.
Sonoma's Democratic Primaries.
SANTA ROSA, June U.— A meeting of
the Democratic County Central Com
mittee was held here this afte.rnoon to
fix the time for holding the county con
vention. It was decided to hold two sets
of primaries and two conventions, the
first to elect delegates to the State and
district conventions and the second to
nominate officers. It was decided to have
both conventions at Santa Kosa. The
first primaries will be held oft June 25 and
the first convention on July 2.
THAT BROOKLYN DOCK JOB.
Engineer White to Be Court-Mar-
tialed and Contractor's
Sureties Sued.
WASHINGTON. June 11.— The Navy
Department has taken steps to begin a
court-martial against Engineer White for
neglect of duty in the construction of the
big dry dock at Brooklyn, and has also
taken measures to have suit brought by
the Department of Justice against the
sureties on the bond of the contractor
who built the dock.
The sureties against whom the Depart
ment of Justice will proceed ar»' John D.
C'rlmmins of New York City and Relph C.
Packard of Morristown. N. J. The con
tractors for this dock were Thomas and
Augustin Walsh. Thomas Walsh is dead,
but the surviving member of the firm car
ries on the business. The contract wa3
entered into May 9, 18i»T>, the contract
price being $370,000.
TACOMA'S MASONIC GUESTS.
Grand Chapter of Royal Arch Masons
Elects Officers.
TACOMA. June 11.— The Grand Chapter
of Royal Arch Masons of the Stats con
vened here yesterday with a large, attend
ance. The reports showed that the total
membership in the State was 1154. The
officers elected were: John Moore, Spo
kane. G. 11. P.; D. L. Paramore. Snoho
mish, D. G. H. P.; S. H. Rush. Spokane.
G. X.; A. Nillson. Dayton, G. P.; William
McMichan. Olympia, G. T. ; Yancy C. Bla
lock, Walla Walla, G. Z. C. The chapter
decided to meet next year in Tacoma.
FATAL TORNADO IN TEXAS.
Three People Killed and Many Small
Houses Demolished.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex.. June 11.— A tor
nado descended yesterday on Rlddleville,
a small town fifty miles from San Anto
nio, and three people were killed outright,
while a boy's skull was crushed so badly
that he is fatally injured. Several other
people were injured by the tornado, many
limbs being broken. Much damage is re
ported, and small houses were demol
ished. The track of the tornado was
about 500 feet wide.
Honored by the Leaguers.
SANTA ROSA. June 11.— The Epworth
League convention to-day elected Q. W.
Poage of T'kiah district president. It was
decided to hold the next convention In
Santa Rosa, To-morrow special services
will be held.
RAILWAY ASSESSMENTS.
Schedule Fixed by the Arizona Board
of Equalization.
PHOENTX, June 11.— The Territorial
Board of Equalization finished its labors
and adjourned to-day, after a week's ses
son. Railroad valuations were the only
subjects under discussion, and the follow
ing valuations were agreed upon:
Santa Fe Pacific (formerly •Atlantic and
Pacific), 386 miles at $5000 per mile; South
ern Pacific, 392^2 miles at $6009 per mile;
Arizona and New Mexico, 41 miles, nar
row gaug-e, $3001 per mile; New Mexico
and Arizona. 8.78 miles at $3700 per mile;
tfaiicopa and Phoenix. 3438 miles at $5000
per mile; Arizona and Southeastern, 37.9
miles at $."i(o; ju-r mile; Pullman Palace
('ar Company, total valuation of cars,
$23,326. distributed pro rata among tha
counties In the territory through which
the cars run.
SHOT BY AN OFFICER.
Mexican Beggar Killed While Resist-
ing Arrest at Phoenix.
PHOENIX, June 11.— Pascual Gonzales,
a former resident of Guadalajara, Mexico,
and a citizen of that country was shot
and fatally wounded to-day by Deputy
Sheriff Portiere. Gonzales had been beg
ging on the streets, and James Kay, a po
liceman, attempted to arrest him. Gon
aalcs resisted, and during the struggle
that ensued Portiere came upon the seen*
and schot him in the left side, under the
ribs, the bullet being subsequently ex
tracted within a few inches of the spine.
In a statement made this afternoon,
Gonzales said he did not knriw Kay was
axi officer. Both Kay and Portiere were
arrested, the latter being held without
bail. Public sentiment is High against tb*
officers.
LAD CONFESSES PEBJTTRY.
Carson's Orphan's Home Mismanage-
merit Scandal Grows
Apace.
CARSON. June 11.— James Murphy, an
inmate of the Orphans' Hom<\ who testi
fied against Charles B. Day, the complain
ing witness against the management, to
day made affidavit that the testimony
given wits false. The boy had sworn be
fore the investigation board that Day
encouraged the boys to steal apples from
neighboring orchards.
Browned in Napa River,
NAPA, June 11.— John Muzzlo, a lad 10
years old, while swimming in Napa River
with a companion about the same age,
was accidentally drowned to-day.YET DEMAND
FULL MEASURE
OF FREEDOM
Patriotic Feeling o1
Irishmen.
SHOWN IN DEMONSTRATIONS
PROGRESS ON THE LOCAL GOV
ERNMENT BILL.
J. J. Clancy, The Call's Special Corre
spondent in Ireland, Tells of
Many Recent Events of
Interest.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
*'l BLIX. May 25.-The discussion of
the Irish local government bill in com
mittee, was finished on Tuesday night
by a tremendous effort.. Nearly thirty
clauses, with several schedules and
s..«ine new clauses, remained to be con
sidered when the House of Commons
laembled for business on Monday
and it seemed to a good many members
4 : the work of dealing with so many
rtona of importance could never be
mptohed before the Whitsuntide
bb. But by suspending the rules
limiting the length of each sitting, by
vontinuing the Monday sitting till
nearly 4 o'clock on the morning of
Tuesday, and by postponing till the re
port stage of the bill a large proportion
f the unsettled points, the committee
• .-.lings were brought to a close not
Qly in time for the Whitsuntide recess,
in time even for Derby day,
"■sday. the 25th. Not much need
"I of the closing days of the dis
■n in committee. The bill has got
igh that stage without any ma
alteration for the worse and al
fcithout any material alteration
• >r tht> better. The Government simply
up their minds that the bill should
substantially as it was when in
ured, and they carried out their re
to the end. Within the last hour
i of the long debate, however, a
• t was opened up in which many
Americans would no doubt be in
•ed. By one of the earlier provi
■ >t~ the bill all municipalities which
• not made county boroughs by the
■ uuld be merged in the counties to
h they respectively belotiged,
. h they would still retain their ex-
S municipal governments. The
effect of the measure would -be
it they would cease to have sheriffs,
a they would no longer have assizes
their own, and that they would, in
matters in which they alone have
control, be under the Jurisdiction
■ their respective county councils. By
subsequent provision six boroughs —
I amely, Dublin, Belfast, Cork. Limer-
k. Berry and Waterford— were erect
>i into county boroughs, aJI the rest
V>lng thus left out in the cold. It was,
f course, more a matter of sentiment
ihiiii anything else, but Irishmen are
■ iJly sentimental, and accordingly
'rish members fought for the
by such towns as Kilkenny.
md Drogheda of all their old
j privileges the existence of
i.ues back, It may be added,
jri'lreds of years. Gerald Bal
>wever, was obdurate.
ntroversy has sprung up in Ire
ver the action of the Parnellite
in the matter of the Gladstone
ral John Redmond and his col
•-s in the House of Commons, as I
■ned in my last letter, decided to
lin from all participation in the
•■•lings carried on there for hon
the great Englishman. They did
- was explained at the time, lest
ing might be said in their pres-
Aith which they could not agree
*t they might thus be forced to
.ace a Jarring note into the gen
ral harmony. They had no objection
•• memory of Mr. Gladstone being
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+H+
+ B
a A +
a A ■
m ±^ +
+ h
INew I
! /Hoses I
M- B
1 i
+ Q
H Has been born. The +
H Keeley Treatment is '+
leading drunkards out J£
+ • of the wilderness of ■
+ despair into the land q
5 • of peace and plenty, g
8. . The Keeley Cure cures +
E drunkenness and all +
+ B
□ drug addictions. +
+ ?
■ THE KEELEY INSTITUTE, +
Jg .iijojMarket'St., San Francisco. 4.
+ 232 N. CM am St., Los Jlngiles. , D
B3- +
+ Fred A. Tolloek, Manager. B
+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B
CHICAGO. May 27. 1898.
: ■ LEAVITT& BILL, 303 Lark in street, San
Francisco : Our actual sales of Crescent
Bicycles to this morning passed the total
sales for- year 1897. Public demand is our
best recommendation.
WESTERN^ WHEEL WORKS.
. PRICE AND QUALITY TELLS!
The '98- Crescent
BICYCLES
ONLY
$35 and $50.
' . BOTH LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S
WHEELS FITTED WITH DUNLOP
X CORHUGATED TIRES.
" LEAVITT & BILL,
RETAIL AGENTS, :
303 Larkin St., S. IF 1 .
SO San Pablo Oakland.
honored by Englishmen and Scotchmen,
nut they thought that, in view of the
Sgic events of 1890-91, of which Mr.
idstone's famous letter to Mr. Mor
was the first and the death of
arles Stewart Parnell wms the last,
the most they themselves could be ex
| pected to do was to keen silent. They,
j accordingly, remained away from the
louse of Commons during the speeches
delivered in eulo-y of Gladstone. This
circumstance has been the subject of
adverse comment in the anti-Parnellite
| I>ress, and that section of the Irish
press has, further, found occasion for
I c<) ntrasting the action of the Parnellite
i of Parliament with that of
the Dublin Corporation, which, though
mainly Parnellite, at a meeting held a
few days ago decided to send a deputa
tion to take part in the funeral cere
monies at Westminster to-day. The
whole controversy, however, is but an
' other phase of that which has gone on
in Ireland for the last seven years. De
spite the action of the Dublin Corpor
ation, which was decided on at a meet
ing hastily summoned and small, to
| boot, the Parnellites are ranged on one
j side in this matter and the anti-Par
| nellites on the other, and there is abun
dant evidence that if John Redmond
and his colleagues had taken any other
, course than that actually adopted by
them, they would have been repudiated
,by their supporters in this country.
j There is no need for me here to argue
j the matter, but at least on« point on
I which Parnellites lay stress may be
j mentioned. It is that when Parnell
K'~l Mr. Gladstone took exactly the line
saying nothing about the greatest
h statesman of the century, while
ly of his followers in England by
no means contented themselves with
being merely silent. Possibly if
he and they had taken another course
analogous to that which the Parnellites
are now blamed for not taking, things
would have been different to-day from
what they are.
The '98 celebrations in Ireland com
i menced during the last week. On Sun
day there were demonstrations in
Rathfernhem (County Dublin) and sev
eral other places which were scenes of
action in the insurrection of 100 years
ago, and on Monday night there was
a torchlight procession through the
streets of Dublin. All the nationalist
parties united on each occasion, and
genuine enthusiasm prevailed. The
speeches delivered at the various meet
ings showed at least one thing, namely,
that the concession of local self-gov
ernment to Ireland, which Is now about
to be made, will not have the effect of
blotting out the past or doing away
with tho desire for a full measure of
Irish freedom. That desire may not find
full expression just now, but that it
exists and will continue to exist is ab
solutely certain. Meanwhile, it is great
ly feared in nationalist circles that the
American-Spanish war will deprive the
* celebrations of what promised to be
most notable feature — the presence
them of representative Irish-Ameri
cans. The advent of deputations from
the States has been looked forward to
for months paßt with the liveliest sat
isfaction, and the mere mention of the
cirmucstance at popular gatherings,
whether in Dublin or in the provinces,
has invariably aroused a furor of en
thusiasm. It has also, I rather fancy,
greatly exercised the minds of Govern
ment officials who never like to see
Irish-Americans in Ireland, for politi
cal purposes, or even for purposes only
remotely connected with politics.
Tw.-nty-flve or thirty years ago, in the
Fenian times, a broad-leaved felt hat
and a pair of square-toed boots were,
in the eyes of the agents of Dublin
Castle, a reason for reasonable suspi
cion as to the wearer's loyalty, and not
withstanding all the talk of an Anglo-
American alliance, 1 fancy that the
same suspicion would to-day be
aroused in Dublin Castle by the advent
of Irish-Americans in large numbers to
the shores of Ireland. Of course, there
is now no law to enable arrests on sus
picion to be made, and in any case
the rulers of Ireland would to-day hes
itate to interfere in any way with Irish-
Americans on Irish soil; so that In
coming over here this summer, even
though avowedly for the purpose of
taking part in the '98 celebrations,
Irish-Americans will not run any risk
of disagreeable consequences, however
much Dublin Castle may be perturbed
by theif presence.
For the past few years a considerable
part of the business in the Superior
Courts of law in Dublin has been con
nected in one way or another with the
cycle trade. It was a Dublin man named
Dunlop whose invention of the pneu
matic tire may be said to have revolu
tionized the whole cycle industry in
these kingdoms. Mr. Dunlop himself
made, of course, a considerable sum out
of his invention, but others in Dublin
made a great deal more, among whom
the now world-known Messrs. Ducros,
Charles Wisdom Healy and a Dr. Fred
erick McCabe are the most notable.
Harvey Ducros and his son of the same
name, from having occupied a very
humble position, suddenly — that is to
say in the course of a very few years —
developed into men of what would be
considered, even in America, vast
wealth, and began to live in very con
siderable style in the suburbs of Dublin.
Nor were there wanting Instances of
persons like city clerks making smaller
but still respectable fortunes by cycle
share speculations. The result was that
Dublin became smitten, sn to say, with
the cycle share fever. Company after
company was floated here, and not one
of them ever failed to procure enough
money from Dublin alone. The Irish
capital, in fact, became the favorite
hunting ground for the cycle company
promoter.
For a time things went on all right,
but of late the reverse may be said t
be the case. Some few months ag
Mr. Dunlop recovered judgment her
for the sum of £14,000, profit which h
ought to have made on a sale of 200(
cycle shares, but of which he alleged
that he had been deprived by the mis
representations of Dr. McCabe, who, i
appears, was acting as the agent o
Mr. Ducros. A few weeks ago another
action was instituted against Mr. Du
cros and one or two others by a person
who alleged that he had been induced,
also by misrepresentation, to speculate
in the shares of one of the smaller com
panies floated by the Ducros group, and
the result was that the defendants were
ordered to refund a very large sum of
money. Finally, eighteen similar ac
tions have just been commenced
against the same defendants and
against the famous E. T. Hooley, all of
which will be tried next month in the
Four Courts, unless in the meantime
full satisfaction is made. Of this there
seems to be some probability, for tho
latest rumor on the subject Is that the
directors of the company, the share
holders in which are looking for their
money Jn this unpleasant way, have of
f< red to buy up all the original holders
of shares at par. But however the mat
ter ends in the law courts Dublin will
have ceased in all probability from
henceforward to be the great market
for cycle chares which it has been for
the last few years. And, surely, it will
have done bo none too soon.
The Fourth at Auburn.
AT'BT'RN, June 11. — Auburn will cele
brate the Fourth of July this year and
dedicate the county's n*>w $200,000 Court
house. Superior Judge Prewett will have
' charge of the dedicatory services. The
■ other officers of the day will be: Presi
i dent, Hon. J. M. Fulwoiler; orator, Fred
! P Tuttle; reader, B. F. Hartley; mar
shal J. O. Blsbee. Over $1000 has been
contributed by the merchants toward the
celebration.
Traffic in Chinese Slaves.
OMAHA, June 11.— Judge Scott is hear
ing the case of three Chinese girls who
have applied for writs of habeas corpus.
They charge that, they and forty-seven
others are held here In slavery and are
being sold for Immoral purposes. They
say seven have already been sold and
sent to San Francisco within the month.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Xoonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
DENVER'S RACE
MEETING OPENS
Horton Takes a Half-
Mile Dash.
ANACONDA WINS THE PACE
TULARE RUNS SECOND TO
LUCKY STAR.
Jean Bereaud Easily a Victor in th
Great American Stakes at
the Aqueduct
Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Juno 11.— The spring meeting
of the Overland Trotting and Running
Association opened here to-day with the
best lot of horses that has ever been
gathered at the trark. The weather was
fine and the attendance large.
First race, pacing— Anaconda won. Car
bonate second, ena N third. Best time,
2:OMi.
Second race, trotting— Electric Light
won. Respond second, D'Oyley third.
Best time, 2:21%. .'/ v :;
Third race, running:, four furlongs—
Horton won, Ensy second, Ocorona third.
Time, :4SVi. • -X- s .'""-'
Fourth race, running, mile and a six
teenth—Lucky Star won, Tulare second,
Sally Lamar third. Time, 1:49%.
Fifth race, running, five furlongs— Bill
Howard won, Reel second, Pat Morris
sey third. Time. 1:02.
NEW YORK. June 11.— The third race
at Aqueduct to-day was the Great Amer
ican, of $12,500. for two-year-olds, and, as
might have been expected, Jean Bereaud
was at prohibitive odds. He won very
handily from Miller, who came fast in
the last furlong.
First race, six furlongs — Typhoon II
won, Lambent second, Lady Mitchell
third. Time, 1:16)4.
Second race, mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing — Dolando won, Bannock second, Mar
sian third. Time, 1:45%.
Third race. Great American, five fur
longs—Jean Bereaud 132 (Sloan), 1 to 5,
won; Miller 115 (Doggett), 3 to 1, second;
Autumn 112 (Maher), 40 to 1, third. Time,
\:<n\. Kingdom, Hultzilopochtle and lll
tliyia also ran.
Fourth race, Preakness, mile and a six
teenth—Sly Fox won, The Huguenot sec
ond, Nuto third. Time, l:4!>si.
Fifth race, five furlongs, selling—Arma
ment won, Rusher second, Lady Meddle
some third. Time, 1:03.
Sixth race, one mile— lntrusive won.
Whistling Con second, Laudeman third.
Time, l:44Vi.
DETROIT, Mich., June 11.— The High
land Park track was dead to-day, and
the rain which fell during the last three
races made it a trifle slow.
First race, five furlongs, selling— By
George won. Mips Meade second, Lizzie
R third. Time. 1:04 V
Second race, 6even furlongs, selling—
Hazel Green won, Barney Adler second
Scraps thirfl. Time, 1:29.
Third race, Garland stakes, 2-year-old
fillies, five furlongs— Espionage won, Gles
nevin second, Bessie Taylor third. Timo
1:03%.
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Beau
Ideal won, Paul Kauvar second. Storm
King third. Time, I:soft.
Fifth race, five and one-half furlongs,
selling — South Africa won, Corder second
Fessey F third. Time, I:o9ft.
CHICAGO, June 11.— First race, six fur
: longs. Patroon won, Hosie second Jer
sey Lad third. Time, l:22 I »i.
Second race, four furlongs, Onomastus
won. Pirate Judge second. The Dragon
third. Time, :53.
Third race, one mile, Nathanson won
Pitfall second. Banquo II third. Time
i 1:0514.
Fourth race, six furlongs, Richard J
won. The Maxim second. May W third
Time, 1:21%-
Fifth race. Riverside stakes, seven fur
longs. Tom Collins won. Inuendo second,
Bonito third. Time, 1:37%.
Sixth race, mile and a half, Forte won,
Mr. Easton second, Morte Fonse third.
Time. 2:54 1 ,.
Seventh race, six furlongs, Lord Fair
1 fax won. Alabaster second. Inconstancy
I third. Time, 1:23%.
CINCINNATI, June U.-Weather pleas
ant; track fast.
First race, seven furlongs, selling, The
Star of Bethlehem won, Necklace second
Faunette third. Time. l:2S*i-
Second race, seven furlongs, selling, Al
lle Belle won, Ned second. Oral third.
Time. I:29ft.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth,
selling. Eddie Burke won Great Bend
second, Dominica third. Time, I:47ft.
Fourth race, five furlongs, the Cllpset
ta stakes. Rush won, Handllght second
Mayme M M third. Tinre, 1:03.
Fifth race declared off.
Sixth race, seven furlongs— George
Krats won. Virgle O second. Liewanna
third. Time, l:2 ( .»ft.
Seventh race, four and one-half fur
longs—lolly Roger won, Gadsden second
Ward H third. Time :57.
ST. LOT'IS, June 11.— First race, one
mile, selling— Guide Rock won, Insplrer
second. George T. Todd third. Time '
1:46%.
Second race, five furlongs— Lee Bruno
won, Fausturo second, Ben Bramble
third. Time, 1:04%.
Third race, one and three-eighths miles
—Valid won. Leaseman second, Faron- 1
delle third. Time, 2:3lft.
ADVBATISEME.NTS.
CITY OF ill PARIS I
B
DRY GOODS COMPANY. fl
Cloak and Suit Oeparfinent i
OUR REGULAR "
CLEARANCE SALE! f
AN OPPORTUNITY to purchase the latest styles of Tailor Made T
Suits, Imported Costumes, Jackets, Capes and Dress Skirts at IM m
MENSELY REDUCED PRICES WITHOUT RESERVE. |
We Will Quote a Few of the Extra Values We Are Offering- E
TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, all silk lined, at $10 50-former ■
price $13 50. |
Hish Grade BLACK KERSEY CLOTH JACKET, all silk lined at B
$IJ> 50— former price $25. ■
TAILOR MADE SUIT, Russian Blouse style, braid trimmed, at »16 KO ■
—former price $20. *"■•■■
TAILOR MADE SUIT, Russian Blouse style, in Navy, Brown, Black and B
Green Serge, braid trimmed, at $11 BO— former price $15.
TAILOR MADE REEFER SUITS, in all colors of Serge, skirt and B
jacket lined with striped silk, at SO-former price $13.
PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED. fl
SUIT AND CLOAK DEPARTMENT m
MILLINERY DEPARTMENT, |
LINGERIE DEPARTMENT ■
AND CURTAIN DEPARTMENT I
ON SECOND FLOOR. ' 1
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRYToIsIoMPANY, ?
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. B
UNION SQUARE. B
Fourth race, one mile, selling— Linda
won, Madeline second, Oninoor third
Time, 1:46%.
Fifth race, Merrimac stakes, value $1500,
one mile, selling — Crockett won, Fervor
second, Forbush third. Time, 1:44^.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Belle Ward
won. Our Chance second, Nora S third.
Time, 1:17%.
Seventh race, one mile. Belling—Mitch
ell won, Montedonico second, Zarina
third. Time, 1:47.
"OLD ANSE" IN THE
HARNESS ONCE MORE
Chicago Veteran Succeeds "Scrappy"
Joyce as Manager of the
Giants.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet
Cincinnati ..30 IS .637 Plttsburg ...23 23 .500
Cleveland ...30 15 .660 Philadelphia 18 23 .439
Boston 29 16 .614 Brooklyn ....16 25 .390
Baltimore ...25 15 .625' St. Louis 15 2S .34!*
New York. ..23 21 .523] Wash lngton 15 29 .341
Chicago 23 21 .6231 Louisville ...14 32 .304
NEW YORK, June 11.— Adrian C. An
son has been engaged as manager of the
New York Baseball Club to succeed
Joyce, and took charge of the team to
day. Seymour's south paw Was in work
ing order to-day and .the Brooklyns could
not hit him effectively. "Pop" Anson was
on the bench and Joyce will continue to
be captain and first baseman. Attend
ance 1500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
New York 6 11 3
Brooklyn 2 7 4
Batteries— Seymour and Warner; Yeager and
Ryan and Smith. Umpires— Lynch und An
drews.
BALTIMORE, June 11.— Dineen essayed
for the Senators to-day, but was as wild
as a hare and Weyhing was substituted.
The latter was hit hard, while McJames
was a puzzle to the visitors. Attendance
1667.' Score:
Clubs— R. H. K.
Baltimore 16 16 2
Washington 0 5 2
P.atterles— McJames and Robinson; Plneen,
Weyhlnjj and McGulre. Umpires— Cushman
and Heydler.
PITTSBURG. June 11.— Tannehill was in
poor form and was hit when hits were
needed. The game was slow a«d uninter
esting. Attendance 3300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 2 10 3
Cleveland 4 9 1
Batteries — Tannehill and Bowerman; Wilson
and Crigrer. Umpires— Snyder and Connolly.
BOSTON, June 11.— The fielding of Col
lins and Duffy was responsible in a large
degree for Boston's victory to-day. Both
pitchers did good work. Nichols gave but
one base on balls. Attendance 3500. Score;
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 4 10 1
Philadelphia 2 7 1
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; Platt and Me-
Farland. Umpires— McDonald and O'Day.
CHOYNSKI SIGNS ARTICLES.
Will Fight "Kid" McCoy in Buffalo
Next August.
CHICAGO, June 11.— Joe Choynskl has.
signed articles to fight Kid McCoy twenty
rounds before the Hawthorne Athletic
Club of Buffalo on August 27. The men
will fight at catch weights. The purse of
fered is $7500, winner to take 75 per cent,
loser 25 per cent. According to the arti
cles signed the men are at liberty to hit
with one arm free and. in breakaways.
To bind the match each man will put up j
a forfeit of $500.
STRUCK BY AN ENGINE.
Veteran Railway Man Suffers the
Loss of Both Legs.
EL PASO, Tex., June 11.— Charles A.
Stiner, superintendent of terminals of the
Texas and Pacific Railway at this point,
was run over in the railroad yard here
this afternoon, *v~>th of his legs were
crushed, and amputation was necessary.
The injured man is not likely to recover.
The accident occurred directly in front
of Stlner's residence, in full view of his
family. While trying to avoid one switch
engine he got in front of another. Stiner
is 60 years old, and has been in the serv
ice of the company for nearly a quarter
of a century-
CONFLAGRATION AT DETROIT.
Firemen Burned and Cut by Glass
While Fighting a Blaze.
DETROIT, June 11.— Fire early to-day
destroyed the Case power building ow ■
Congress street west, with all its con
tents, and damaged some of the finest ,
business structures in this city. The total I
loss will be upward of $200 000. It is not I
believed the insurance will exceed two- '■
thirds of this. Six firemen were severely
burned and cut by glass.
George G. Case valued his building at
$100,000, and it is insured for over half that
value. The loss <>n machinery and con
tents owned by tenants Is estimated at ,
about $100,000, the greatest suftVrt r being i
the Wheeler Bicycle Saddle Company, i
which lost $40,000.
OVEBLAP CASE APPEALED.
LOS ANGELES, June 11.— Judge Ross
in the United States Circuit Court to-day
granted an appeal to the United Btatea
Circuit Court of Appeals asked for by
the Southern Pacific Company in the case
brought by the Government and affecting
the title of the land in the overlapping
grants of the Atlantic and Pacific Rail
road. Several years have already been
spent in this litigation, and tne appeal
makes it probable that several more will
be spent.
A Fee for McEnerney.
The finance committee of the Board of
Supervisors has recommended that a fee
of $1500 be paid to Garret McEnerney for
his services in the suit of the city against i
e.x-Trea.surer Widber and the surety com- I
pany which Insured him, for the amount |
of Wldber's defalcation.
Subscribers camping at localities along the line of railroads where there are no postal facilities
can have The Call thrown off at their camp by sending name and location
t0 c a^ Subscription Department.
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Spend your summer outing there and drink
from the famous -ry .-
HEALTH RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank. Mineral. Tub. Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many Improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
" Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
i Dancing, Tennis. Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball. Shuffle board. Livery and Burro* for
I the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages, $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages, $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St.. San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County. CaL
Pamphlets mailed free.
A MAGIC ISLAND
SANTA CATALINA.
A field for health and pleasure, without a
counterpart In America or Europe. Most phe-
nomenal rod and reel fishing in the world.
Wild goat shooting. The great stags ride.
Delightful coast excursions. Novel out-door
sports. Music. da. -Ing. pyrotechnic*, water
carnival, etc
HOTEL METROPOLE
Always open; modern appointments; efficient
management.
ISLAND VILLA
Open July l. SPLENDID ARRANGEMENT
1 for campers.
' Full Information, rates and Illustrated Dam-
i ■phlets. . •
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO '
:.{:■■ ■ • 222 SOUTH SPRING ST..
Loh Angles. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Lake County, Cal,
- Curative powers of springs and mineral baths
.imrlvaied. Sixteen varieties of waters. A most
picturesque spot and charming climate. Easy
1 of access; telephone connections and dally mall.
-Rates to suit all. Write J. MARTENS. Pro-
prietor, or in Son Francisco. 416 Pine street. F.
A. BUSSE.
PARAISO" hot springs,
Monterey County, Cal.
For rest, health and pleasure, fine waters
j and baths, cleanest accommodation and table,
Paralso stands unsurpassed; round-trip tickets
at 613 Market st., S. F., $8; trains leave dally
; at Third and Townsend 9 a. m for Solcdad.
! For terms ■ and free pamphlet address R,
ROBERTSOK. Manager.
01/ fi 000 noT SPRINGS. Sonoma Co
ii(i!t.\ On'/ <H hours from S. F. ana
UIInVVU but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural Lath
1 In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; excellent climate; good trout
streams at <loor; photographers' ' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, dally mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and . afternoon stages;
' round; trip from S. F. only $5 60; take Tlburon
ferry at 7:80 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $] a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of th»
past three years. J. ■F. MULGREW. ■ Prop.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
. LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
] the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
i good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 110. .
• JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE BPAULDINO. Manager.
■ On Howell Mountain: elevation 1730 feet;
: swimming tank 100x40; : temperature of water
: 78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other - springs; tennis, croquet, riding,
driving. $10 to $12 per week; two trains daily;
four hours from city- Telephone.
E. ANOWIN, Angwln. Napa County. Cal.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
Finest fishing and health resort on the Coast.
For particulars write to EDSON BROS., Bes-
wlck. Slsklyou County, Cal. -
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
■ Natural advantages; salubrious Umcte; pic-
turesque scenery; mountain walks; pur*
«pring water; beautiful drives; pine groves;
lawns and gardens. The best advantages for
those who need to obtain comfort, rest and
health culture in a short time. Address. St.
Helena Sap.Horlum, St. Helena, Cal. '
TUSCAN SPRINGS,
Tehnma County. By rail to Red Bluff, 1M
miles; fare. $6 45; dally stage to springs, >
miles; fare, $1: elevation 1000 feet; 20 furnished
cottages for rent: accommodations at hotel for
100 people; telephone, telegraph and postof flea
In hotel: rates, $10 and up; rend for book of
Information and testimonials. ED. B. WAI/-
HRIDQE. Proprietor. . *.;■.■ „ > ■.: -
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of ; skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
. ney, ; liver, ; catarrh, ■ rheumatism and stomach
troubles Immediately relieved; rates $10 to $is
per week. Long-distance telephone. Address
5. A. . HAYS. Proprietor. . Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
. Two miles ] (rum i liopland; . unequaied I soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold baths; fur-
nished cottases; terms . *10 to «12 per '• week.
Telephone. Buy through tickets., O. HOWELL.
Proprietor. H.ipland. ■ Cr.l. • ■ ■ - • :'•■' ; - r. ;
TOCALOMA. M c
BERTRAND HOTEL.
First - class r ' accommodations; reasonable
rates; fishing: 'beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc. • JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or 321 Kearny st
LAKESIDE HOUSE, Lake Tahoe.
• Good cheer and home comforts. ;• Best location
for driving to all points of Interest on or. near
the : lake. v Boats : free to . guests. -■ For circular
and terms address E. B. SMITH & CO., Bijou
Postofllte, Cal. .
DEER PARK !NN
(Lake . Tahoe), i elevation . &07 : feeet, . opens > Juns
i ■.•■. •■ Fine accommodations. : Cottages with :- pri-
vate ' baths and ' open '■ fires. " Table unsurpassed.
B. R. rates, $13 60 for ROUND TRIP. J. a
libbx. room L Flood bundle*. San. Francisco. j
The Klondike
For HEALTH,
PLEASURE and
RECREATION
is along SAN FRANCISCO and
TH El LINE
of the NORTH PACIFIC R'Y
(The Picturesque Route of California.)
If you want to camp, pitch a tent near a
lovely lake, or on the bank of some beautiful
stream, of which there are over 200. well
stocked with trout.
If you want to drink health-giving waters
and enjoy social life, visit one cf our many
Mineral Spring Resorts.
If you want to enjoy the ::ome life of a
ranch there are many ranchers who will •be
glad to have you.
Camping grounds are free.
At the Reports and the homes of the ranchers
charges are reasonable.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 650 Market st. (Chronicle building), or
at General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California sts.
R. X. RYAN. 'General Passenger Agent.
A. W. FOSTER. President and General
Manager.
FREE CAMPING
All along the San Francisco and North Pa-
cific Railway, In Marin, Sonoma, Mendoclno
and Lake counties.
Special camps with free wood on our Sonoma
and Guerneville branches, plong Sonoma Creek
and Russian River. Fishing, boating, bathing.
Easy access to city. Low rates. Supplies from
neighboring towns delivered dally at camps.
For detailed Information apply at Ticket
Office, 660 Market st. (Chronicle building), or at
General Office, Mutual Life building. Sanaome
and California sts.
R. X. RYAN, General Passenger Agent. •
A. W. FOSTER, President and General Man-
|JLRQY HOT SPRINGS.
RIIRQYWMGS.
U/ x^ \
Under new management.
MECCA vl?
For ths annual seeder after
Repose and recuperation.
Only thr«e and a half hour» from San Francisco.
Stage connect! with the 2:45 p. m. train
From Third and Townsend streets.
PIERRE CARRERE, Manager,
Formerly proprietor of the Malson Tortonl and Poodle Dog
HOTEL
METROPOLE,
»>?' **§fe OAKLAND,
4'^fra^^ Mb and Jefferson Sts.
WjgSjj^iß^^S3 Only 35 minutes
iPrriWil'ff'ttiTin *fon« San Fran-
)JX!pis'l^4^^y[ A Desirable Summer
: £j£LgJ££2L^ and Winter Resort for
Families, Travelers
R. M. BRIARE, Prop. an i Tourists.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
i table. Clean beds and careful attention to
: patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
; rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest. The Ideal spot for families because it is
clean, no poison oak. no pests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M CLEM-
| ONS, Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
i pemlence Lake will be open to the public.
ii-*l #1 No 8t ** ln B- to ret there.
ZJPIIIi/l no J og> mosquitoes <r
rL/IUU Winds when you are
there. Table unsurpassed
_ m Rates HO. $12. $14 a week.
£▼.._• -^ Round trip tickets $7. W.
Vf||*|f||rC ■■£•' Mitchell. Manager:
Jjjrillgb Building. A (> Kent - Can
CARLSBAD!
MOST BEAUTIFUL BPOji IN LAKE COUNTT.
The Mineral Springs are well known tor mar-
velous cures when everything else failed es-
pecially In cases of STOMACH. LIVER, KID-
NEY and BLADDER affections. New hotel;
superior accommodations; JS to $10 per we*>lc;
roads excellent; good trout fishing and deer
huntlne on property. For particulars -/rite W. ;
R. McGOVERN. Carlsbad. Lake County. ,
HOWARD springs.
* m^~r TT ./-***. &-r lake COUNTY
Accommodations unsurpassed.
- Rates, $8 $10 and $12. Special terms to fam-
ilies, l'ostoffice and telephone.
Round trip. $10. Southern Pacific • office, 611 ;
Market street. . > '■•;--
Address . MRS. R. J. BEEBT.
OPlflOn I flflf And *° treat-
UVXJV LIiWJV ment go hand In
hand at HOTEL GISELMAN,
: Lakeport, Cal. ; " •• .
A. H. SPU R, Proprietor.
\ PLANTATION HOUSE,
Eighteen miles from cazadero, on stage i line
Good trout ' fishing, plenty fruit, cream and
milk : free conveyance for parties .of - two .or
more; grand ••* ledwood ' scenery. ; Address J !
LUTTRINGER. Seavlew, .Sonoma County, or '
apply E. KRUSE, 207 Front st., S. F., for pai- !
ticulars. . -
CALIENTE 'SPRINGS HOTEL.
Sonoma Valley, . two > hours from S. F., via rib-
uron ferry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
' baths. Hotel completely ' remodeled enj refur- '
nlshed. Water, pas, electric bells. -Hates $10 to !
$12 per week, $5 per day. Address AQUA CALI-
ENTE SPRINGS. Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co.'."
Cal. ■ . .--. -■ ;.-. .;,■ y.V;. .... . ..-■■ _■ '
HOTEL BEN VENUE, -
. Lnkeport, Cal. '
■ Ettuated on the •: shore ■of Clear Lake; fine
large : grounds; special facilities for families
and children; home cooking, boating, bathing, :
fishing; rates . reasonable. Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M, SCALES- v
El Paso de Robles Springs Hotel,
PASO DE ROBLES. CALIFORNIA.
| Otto E. Never Proprietor
UNDER NEW AND EXPERIENCED
MANAGEMENT.
feß
>T?Vi • *i 3TTJ; fit h "r : tS^vuixZT^ iW.
l^g^ mTib iwiig^injjaainu^raapSul
' GREATEST HEALTH AND PLEASURE
RESORT ON THE COAST.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
MUD AND SULPHUR BATHS.
SODA SPRINGS.
IRON SPRINOS.
NEW HOTEL. AND COTTAGES.
PAID ORCHESTRA.
For Information call or wr'te W. M. COW-
ARD, 11 Montgomery street, Ban Francisco.
DRINK PASO ROBLES SODA WATER.
HUD SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA FOR
HEALTH OR PLEASURE.
THIRTY OF THE GREATEST MINERAL
springs In America; all kinds of amuse-
ments; new rwlmmlng tank, baths and bowl-
Ing alley. First-class accommodations: rates
reasonable. Write for illustrated pamphlets.
Ban Francisco office, 816 Montgomery street.
Address HIGHLANP SPRINGS. Cal.
MAGNETIC SPRINGS,
, Situated In the heart of the redwoods, four
j miles from Glenwood, county of Santa Cruz.
I Magnificent mountain scenery; elevation 1900
feet. Springs especially adapted for rheuma-
. tism. Climate unsurpassed for pulmonary
! troubles. Terms $7 and up. Hunting, fishing,
'lawn .tennis, bowling alley, billiards, piano,
etc. Cottages for families. Stage fare, 60c.
i over a mountain boulevard, where the • nicest
scenery is to be seen of this and other counties.
For further information or printed matter call
| at the office of the Traveler, 20 Montgomery
street, S. F., or address L. PERHACS. Glen-
wood. ■
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, 6 Hours from San Francisco.
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Grandest scenery. The - hotel an enchanting
embowered home. Bath house rebuilt, elegant
j porcelain tubs, tennis court, etc.
i NATURAL STEAM AND MINERAL BATHS.
Tepid Swimming ~ake. ' Long-distance Tele-
1 phone. Telegraph, etc. Table unsurpassed.
Terms, $10 and $15 per week; $3 and $2 50 per
i day. . ,R. M. HORTON, Proprietor.
ROWARDENNAN.
Santa Cruz Mountains on San Lorenzo River,
| 2 hours from S. F., 40 minutes from Santa
Cruz; grounds and river lit by electric lights;
tennis, bowling, boating, bathing and fishing;
finest hall and dining-room in Santa Crua
! Mts.; club, billiard. and smoking rooms. New,
| hard finished and elegantly furnished. Tele-
i phone and • telegraph service, Round trip, $3.
I Address THOMAS L. BELLTProp.. South Ben
I Lomond.
BEN LOmOND.
; Private boarding at "Avoca." Terms $7 per
I week. Address MRS. J. J. JOHNSON, Ben
Lomond, Cal.
CALAVERASJ3IG TREES.
Stage ride shortened 24 miles by Sierra Rail-
i way to Jamestown. Fare S. F. to Calaveras
| Big Trees and return $17. JAMES M. HUTCH.
\ INGS. Agent, 30 Montgomery street.
LE TRIANON HOTEL.
Reopened. New management. Beautifully
situated on Upper Blue Lake, Lake Co.. Cal.
Leave S. F. 7 a. m., arrive Trianon 5 p. m.
Fishing, hunting, . boating and . bathing. Supe-
rior table. Chlcl-^n dinners Sunday. Wednesday
and Friday. Ter. ■>. $7 to $10 rer week.
W. 8. PHILLIPS.- Bertha P. 0.. Lake Co., CaL
HOTEL DE REDWOOD
In the Heart of the Santa Crui Mountains.
Improved Table Service. Reasonable Rates.
For Particulars Apply to
M. S. COX, Laurel Postofflce.
PARKER VINEYARD RANCH.
Natural attractions without limit. Pleasant
; walks through . shady canyons. Hunting and
; fishing. Table supplied : with fresh vegetables,
fruits, . butter, :. milk an* eggs. A delightful
; country home. • Free conveyance at depot. $7
i per week. JOHN P. WINTER. Cloverdale, Cal.
! LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining-room, 130 ft. -lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing .'ree:
$8 to $14 per week; round trip. $9 50. H. WAM-
BOLD. Prop.. Bertha P. P.. Lake County. CaL
MONTE VISTA,
] -Sierra Nevada Mountains. Sixteen rooms added.
Fine table. ,: All kinds of mountain fruit, fresh
vegetables, pure milk and cream. Springs of
pure, soft spring water. Illustrated circular.
THOMAS E. MORGAN. Monte Vista. Dutch
Flat, Placer County, Cal. „ :
BURLINGAME.
(San Mateo County.)
Redlngton Place for rest and comfort. . front :'
June 11. Address .. IRA. G. HOITT.
! SUMMIT SODA
• . : , SF»RIIVGS.
On line of C. P. R. R. Elevation. 6009 feet.
■ Dally . mall. ' Telephone connections. Newvac-
commodatlons. - Open June 1. Address GOtJLr-
DEN & JACOBS. Dormer, Placer Co.. Cal.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
• Elevation 1200 feet. - Relief for asthmatic*.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms. $7 to $10. Send for circular to .
JOHANNISBERG RESORT. Napa. CaL
. SUMMER HOME fMRm.
■-'■ Santa' Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages,* tents, hunting and fishing; ar- >
tificial lake for boating and swimming; long
distance telephone; -campers' return tickets
$2 50. Send • for ; circular to J. •H. HAESTER3.
Glenwood. Cal.  - -
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful^ spot in Lake County; hunt-
Ing, 'fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& * BURLINGAME, ' Proprietors. Soda Bay.
Kelßeyville. Lake County. Cal.
WRITE : W. H. MILLKK. I '.iah. or livery ac-
commodations ito springs in Lake and ■ Men-
docino counties to save; money. ;
TO let— Pacific Grove ' furnished , cottage of I
, ■ rooms. ; Inauire ;at 1227 Turk st. ■ '
1112
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until W o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
357 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
6fl McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(IS Larkin street; open until S:3O o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
iJ6I Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
10« Elevmth street: open until » o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until » o'clock.
1..05 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
Hreets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHI II NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter St., between Kearny and
Grant aye.— At 11 a. m.. Christian Science
Bible lessons; Subject, "The Crucifixion of
Jesus." Sunday-school for children at the
same hour. Testimonial meeting Wednesday,
at 8 p. m. All are welcome. *^
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary Bts., Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
uttFtor.— Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
The pastor having returned from his vaca-
tion, will preach morning and evening. Mu-
c! .a. in. : "To Deum" (in C). L. R. Dress-
V offertory, tenor solo, "A Dream of Para-
dise" (Gray*, ilr. J. Hoyt Toler. Music p.
111.: "Jubilate D*»o" In B flat). J. C. War-
ren: ofTertory, "How Long Wilt Thou Forget
Me, Lord?" (Pnueger); alto solo and quar-
tet, Mrs. Sedgley-Reynolds. All are made
welcome^
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness aye.
and Sacramento St.— The pastor. Rev. Robert
Mackenzie, D.D., will preach at 11 a. m. and
7:46 p. m. Evening subject, "Men Who Go
to the Front and Men Who Stay by the
Stuff." Sunday-school at 12:46 p. nv Y. P.
S. C _. at 6:30 p. m. Prayer-meeting Wednes-
day at Bp. m. All are welooma.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason Bts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach morning and evening;
morning service. 11 o'clock; Children's day
will be observed: special exercises by the
Sunday school and address by the pastor;
evening service, 7:45 o'clock: theme, "The
Camp vs. the Battlefield." Sunday school
and Bible classes at 12:45 p. m. V. P. S.
C. E.. 6:30 p. m. Samuel D. Mayer, organ-
ist and choirmaster.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. ; Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m.
Rev. F. B. Cherington, D.D., pastor, will
preach morning and evening. In the morn-
ing "Children's Sunday" will be observed.
Evening subject, "The Costliness of Prayer."
The public cordially Invited to all services.
BETHANY Congregational Church, Bartlett
st., near Twenty-fifth. Rev. W. C. Pond, pas-
tor— "Children's Day": morning service on
"The Rights of Childhood"; evening services
by the children, an exercise, "The Builders."
ST. ALBAN'S Mission (Episcopal), Foresters'
Hall, 102 O'Farrell St.— Divine service and ser-
mon at 11 a. m.; Rev. E. J. H. Van Deerlln
of Grass Valley will officiate. All seats free.
Cordial welcome.
HOWARD-Street Methodist Episcopal Church,
tlie Strangers' Sabbath Home, 643 Howard st.,
between Second and Third, two blocks from
Palace Hotel— Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.
D . pastor, will preach at 7:45 p. m. At 11 a.
m. the children's day anniversary will be
celebrated by the Sunday-school. Evening
subject, "The Supreme Crisis of Life." The
sweet-voiced sacred song soloist. Miss Mabel
Perkins, will sing. All are always welcome.
Seats free.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St., bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Class
meetinx at 9:45 a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Pastor's
residence, "The Stewart," 431 Ellis st. ; tele-
phone East So-f. At 11 a. m. the annual chil-
dren's day exercises will be held. including
Infant baptism, a sermon by the pastor and a
programme by the children. There will be
elaborate decorations. At 6:30 p. m., Chris-
tian Endeavor societies. Evening sermon at
7:4.".; subject, "It Takes a Man to Make a
Soldier." Midweek prayer service. Wednes-
' day evening. Chautauqua class Tuesday even-
Ing. Probationer's class Thursday evening.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. in Yosemlte
Hall, Native Sons' building (take elevator).
Mason St., bet. Geary and Post. Seats free.
All are invited.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.— Patriotic union mass-meeting of the
city churches to-day (Sunday), at 8 o'clock.
Address by Rev. Charles Edward Locke,
D.D., who by request, will speak on
"America's New Mission find Opportunity, or
the Real Meaning of the War." Special
music by Miss Ellen Marks and the Knicker-
bocker Quartet. Seats free and all are wel-
come, both men and women.
METROPOLITAN Temple, corner Fifth and
Jessie sts.— Evening service, 8 o'clock; Rev.
Edwards Davis. M. C, Minister. Subject,
"War Is Hell!" "War Is Hell!" "War Is
Hell!" "War Is Hell!" "War la Hell!"
Hell!" "War Is Hell!" "War Is Hell!"
Hell!" War Is Hell!" "War Is Hell!"
Hell:" War Is Hell!" "War Is Hell!"
Hell!" "War Is Hell!" "War Is Hell!"
"War Is Hell! "War Is Hell!" Mrs. Edwards
Davis nee Alia Margaret Kingore), soloist:
Mr. Fletcher Tilton, organist; no collections;
admission, 1" cents.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood No. 7.
(Theosophloal Society in America.)
(■lnternational Brotherhood League.)
Academy of Sciences building, !>43 Market st.,
near Fourth— Lecture to-night. "The Ameri-
can Lodge," by Mrs. F. E. Wait; U. B. L.,
Tuesday night. Symbolism; I. B. L., Satur-
day night, "Revenge and Punishment."
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Fra-
ternal Hall, Odd Fellows' building, cor. Mar-
ket and Seventh sts. To-night, "Mysticism
■ and the Inner Life," by A. S. Bracken, M.D.
Other meetings— Tuesdays, 3 p. m. : Wednes-
days, 8 p. m.; Thursdays, 2:30 p. m. All free
to the public.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
THE public are cordially invited to attend the
meeting of Mrs. Dr. C. Stewart of Chicago;
the entire evening devoted to giving tests on
business and mining affair? at her home,
1260 Ore St., Oakland, at 7:30 p. m. sharp;
admission 10 cents; sittings daily, $1.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists. Occiden-
tal Hall. 305 Larkln st. : Sunday evening, June
12. at 7:45. Mrs. R. B. Lillie speaker. Sub-
ject: "Spirit and Matter, or the Seen and
the Unseen." Admission 10 cents.
FREE THOUGHT— Sawklns, B. A.,
"Lucifer"; Mr. Tarr, "Arithmetic to Date";
Mr. Kldder. "Lover of Babel." 909 Market
St., at 8.
AT Dr. Rings' spiritual society, 909 Market; 11
free; 2-8, 10c. Mrs. Sealy-Vigers. Dunham,
Bird; ell tests; Wednes.. 8. 335 McAllister at.
JOHN SLATER, grand test seance to-night at
8:15 sharp; hall, 609 Market 6t; tests, names,
questions answered. Admission 10 cents.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c; 605 McAllister St.; sittings to-day.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, circles Sunday and
Thursday eves. 320 McAllister; sittings daily.
A TEST meeting, 8 p. m.. 10c; 335 McAllister;
R. A. Stltt. Nlta, Meakln. Hargrave, others.
C. V. MILLER, etherlallslng materializing se-
ance; 8 p. m.: 50c. 40S Leavenworth st.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE . Commandery No. 16,
K. T.. Golden Gate building, 625 Sutter ifST
St.— Special assembly on MONDAY [IB
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. The Order of
the Red Cross will ho conferred. All fraters
are courteously Invited, particularly our
fraters of the United States Volunteers.
CHARLES L. PATTON, Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONDA. Recorder. .
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. ' 44, F. and m
A M. — Officers and members are re- _#%_
spectfully requested to assemble at }_ jf
Masonic Temple. SUNDAY. June 12, at t\f\
2 p. m.. for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral of our late brother. OTTO JOHNSON.
By order of the W. M.
80. FROLICH, Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Fire Department. > uu v
The regular funeral detail of the S^S^S
dttpartment will assemble at Truck j §•■/" \£l
No. 2, THIS DAY. at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. for
the purpose of attending the funeral of the
late WILLIAM KELLY, late member of this
department. By order
D. T. SULLIVAN. Chief of Department.
1880— GRAND annual picnic (1898) ~^
and family reunion of the ■ Ser- ..fry.
• vlan-Montenegrin - Literary and Tcb*W
Benevolent Society, SUNDAY, rf»JI?Sg»l
JUNE 19. 1898, at California ggO__l
Bchuetzen Club Park, San Ra- iWßlivSl
fael. Boats leave Tlburon ferry, ',iv»EH»'H
foot of Market St., at 9:30 and v'_HK*'J
11 a. m. and 1:30 and 3:30 p. m. NkHiTtS'
Special train will leave park at >■ V^~ •
6:30 p. m. Adult's ticket, round
trip, Including admission to the park, BOc;
children's ticket, round trip. Including ad-
mission to the park, 25c. Grand Tombola,
first prize $30 cash, and over 100 other valu-
able prizes. COMMITTEE.
ATTRACTION Extraordinary— The v «_► N.
Scottish Thistle Club's sixteenth 3u {%jn
grand annual gathering and games, >N»Y_r
. Shell Mound Park, MONDAY. July *«s_Nr
4. i 1838.' A truly great celebration, occupying
the entire day and night. The greatest affair
. . of the kind ever held on the Pacific Coast.
.: Grand ball and patriotic display of fireworks
In the evening. Admission (day), adults, 60
cents; children, 35 cents. Admission (night)
adults, 25 cents; children, 10 cents. United
States soldiers and parties ' In Highland cos-
tume admitted free. •- ' • .
W. A. DAWSON, Royal Chief
GEORGE W. PATERSO»F. Recorder.
PERFECT yourself at figures: : Tarr. the ex-
pert accountant, will show you how you can;
exhibition of rapid calculations at 908 Mar-
• ket St.; first flight. . •
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for fl SO, postage
free.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $2 60, whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d.
MISS GREY, 12 Eddy St., room 7. alcohol and
massage baths; hours 12 m. to 10 p. m.
MME. BELL, trance clairvoyant, magnetto
healer, card reader. 82$ Broadway, Oakland.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist; genuine
I electric vapor baths. 204 Sutter st.
DINING parlors. 122 Vi Turk St., fine chicken
dinner Sundays from 4 to 7 p. m.
ETTA RALPH, returned; thermal baths, mas-
sage. Parlors 1 and 2. 32 Turk Bt.
MRS. ALICE FAY, magnetic healer. 147 Pow-
ell St., room 2.
! PEARL HARRISON and assistant, magnetic
treatment, massage. 120H Geary St.. room J.
; MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MISS LOESEL, 121 Montgomery St.. room 8;
palmistry and card reading.
I MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120 Vi Geary St.. room 11.
MI6S R CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 17 Grant aye., room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER. 1021 Market, rm. 12.
"i>;' Baldwin; steam baths on<l masßage.
i ALVINE HALL and assistunt; genuine cabinet
batbs. 15',» Turk anfl 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
i MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALH.
GERMAN girl, first-class cook, wishes situa-
tion in private family: city or country; wages
not under $30. Box 487. Call office.
YOUNG woman wants to do light housework.
aEslst cooking; 2 or 3 la family; $10 to $11;
references. Call at 1530 Eddy st. ; no postals.
AN exp«ri«nc«d nurse would take charge of aa
Invalid or do general nursing. Nurse, 310
Sixth aye., Richmond District.
YOUNG lady desires position with refined fam-
ily going to country; would take care of In-
valid or children or do any kind of light
work- references exchanged. Address C. H-,
1307 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, perfect fitter,
! goes out at $1 26 per day. Address MRS. M.
FLOHR, 1835 Howard st.. near Fifteenth.
1 POSITION as managing or working house-
keeper In respectable family; good cook; ex-
cellent care of children: good references. Ad-
dress box 536, Call office.
1 SETTLED young woman, thoroughly com-
' petent In all kinds of housework; good cook;
\ small family; wages $15 to $20. Box 539, Call.
YOUNG Swedish, girl wishes situation to do
housework; wages $12. 37_ Folsom st.
RELIABLE elderly woman wants position In
City In small family: will make herself gen-
erally UFeful; references. Box 541, Call office.
WOMAN with a child 2 months old wishes
place as housekeeper In a respectable family.
Apply 1120'- 2 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes to go out by
the day washing or housecleaning. Apply 747
Howard ?t.
STEADY', reliable woman, is good cook nr.d
laundress, will do housework; understands all
j kinds of housework; fond of children; city or
country'- ~9 Jessie St., bet. First and Second.
trustworthy' young lady desires situation:
has had :.' years' experience as saleslady and
cashier; has good references. Address box
MS, ''nil office.
good dressmaker wishes work: terms 750 a
j day. Address box 386. Call office.
BITfJATION wanted (German); experienced
cook and laundress or general housework.
MARY, 2S?Mi Natoma St.
DRESSMAKER wishes to go In families to
sew; $1 per day. 121 Shotwell St.. near 16th.
ANY" lady doing her own work will find a trust-
worthy elderly person for sewing and mend- '
! ing; help In varioxis ways; well recommend?d;
; small pay. 3020 Twenty-sixth, cor. Alabama.
WOMAN wants position In private family as
nurse; Is competent; wages not less than 425;
references. Apply 3342 Nineteenth, nr. Capp. j
WANTED by a. woman In great need of work, \
washing, housecleaning. plain sewing or any ;
kind of work by the day. Apply Children's j
Day Home. Hayes ?t., near Polk.
BITUATION as bookkeeper by a lady of ex-
perience, with good references; single or
double entry. Address box A. G., Call office, •
Oakland. 1
EXPERIENCED hotel housekeeper with best j
references would take charge of hotel or ]
residence; references; no objection to coun-
try. Box 879, Call office.
YOUNG woman would like a place; good cook;
city or oountry. Pleaee call 322 Minna st.
GOOD reliable woman would like work by the
day or month; no objection to country. 1311
Broderick St.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell; mar. ]
DRESSMAKER from the East; first-class cut- ;
ter; by the day. 469 Hayes st. |
YOUNG married woman, experienced house- !
keeper, wishes to do housework and cook- j
ing In exchange for room and board for her- 1
self and husband. Box 869, Call office.
.
LADY wants position to do chamberwork or !
take charge of house whll<s family are gon«
for summer. 1219 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted for second girl^also gen-
eral servant. 1023 Market st. )
WANTED— By American widow, position as |
housekeeper; good cook, seamstress and
laundress; references; city or country. 904
Capp st. j
REFINED lady wishes position as companion
or nursa or assistant In doctor's or dental
office: best of references. Box 668, Call.
YOUNG woman would like light housework or
chamberwork In a rooming-house or private
family. Apply at 825 Greenwich St.
] REFINEP young woman would like a position
to do light housework: wages $10; references
given. Box f*4. Call office.
MIDDLE-aged, respectable American lady
would like position as housekeeper; best ref-
erences Box 644. Call.
COMPETENT woman would like a position at
light housework. Xl« 6 McAllister st.
I SWEDISH girl wishes situation aa cook In pri-
vate family. 611 Folsom st.
TWO~French girls. Just from France, wish
Kltuatlone, one being able to do upstairs
work and nurse, and the other being able to
t teach French and take care of grown child-
ren. Apply 911% Minna St., off Tenth.
! BY young woman of business experience, rapid I
penman, position in Insurance, real eßtate or I
general office; city or country; references.
Address B. S., box 671. Call office.
i SWEDISH girl wants a position as house- !
worker or cook; Is a good cook and second
worker. Box 566, Call office.
2 TRUSTWORTHY American ladles would Uk«
to take charge of house for parties going to
the country. Address 429 Sixth st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires an offloe
position in or out of city; best of references.
Address box 570, Call office.
WANTED— Work by the day, housecleanlng;
good laundress; $1 and car fare. Pleas* call
at 1104 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED lady stenographer and book-
keeper desires position as private secretary.
Box 696. Call office.
AMERICAN woman wants situation as com-
panion to elderly people or working house-
keeper; city or country- Box 474, Call.
SITUATIONS WASTED- MALE.
' FOR first-clase farmers, teamsters, miners, me-
I chanlcs or other help, male or female, send
orders to J. F. CROSETT St CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment OfOoe;
best help. 414V4 O'Farrell st. ; tel. Bast 4XI
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 30 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPA-NESE Employment Bureau; best help
promptly. 122 Golden Gate; tel. South 171.
1 YOUNG man wants work of any kind for
board and room, or mornings for room rent.
Address L., box 488, Call office.
YOUNG man, 34. desires tc associate himself
with responsible house as traveling salesman,
manager or collector: references and security.
Address box 489. Call office.
YOUNG man (German), married, strong and
' willing to work, wants situation as janitor,
' porter, watchman ; can care for horses and
garden; references. Box 810, Call office.
i YOUNG man with 10 years' experience as a
salesman wants position of any kind. Ad-
dress J. S., box 684, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as coachman by English-
man; thorough all round man and servant;
correct size. Address M. W., 952 Valencia st.
INTELLIGENT young man, 20, desires em-
ployment In the Interior on ranch or other-
wise; has knowledge of typewriting and ac-
oounts. Address box 636, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a situation at any kind
of work. Address box 537. Call office.
BOY 18 years of age would like to get work
of any kind: can handle elevator. Call or
address 2436 Post st.
GARDENER with first-claps references wants
situation. Address Gardener, box 384, Call.
EVENING employment desired „ bookkeeper
or cashier or work of similar nature; best
references. Address L. L. 8., box 383, Call.
, YOUNG man wants situation; any kind of
work; understands horses, cows, garden- ref-
| erence. Add. J. A. McDOXALD, 214 Third si
THE BA_T FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.,
MIDDLE-AGED married man of experience
would like a position In wholesale house or
factory; handy with tools. Address C. A. F..
Frultvale postofflce.
AN opportunity, to acquire actual business ex-
perience in bookkeeping with reliable firm,
by young man of 20; graduate of business col-
lege; $6 per week. , Box 485, Call office.
CHINESE boy, first-class family cook, wants
situation; small washing: cooking; city or
country; references. X., 616^4 Dupont st.
STEADY sober man wants work about a pri-
vate place as gardener, city or country;
handy about a house; best of references. Box
388, Call office.
AMERICAN (50), and able, wants
- work; steady, reliable, etc; used to horses,
driving light wagon, etc.; generally useful;
small : remuneration. S. H., 315 Minna st.
SOBER, elderly man wants work; private fam-
ily; cook and baker; used to horses and gar-
den; useful in general; references; wages no
object. A.T., box .7. Call office. Oakland.
j STRONG young man. machinist, would like to
go to Alaska; willing to contract to work
out expenses of trip or ' for any Indefinite
time. Address 2767 Twenty-first st.
GERMAN man and wife wish tc taJke care of
a chicken, wine or fruit ranch or private
residence. D. C, box £65, Call office.
\ ENGINE tender, experienced, with certificates
and testimonials, wants employment. Ad-
■ dress H. F. N., 1059% Howard st.
i YOUNG man, German, 23, experienced bar-
1 tender, wishes situation; can serve drinks. C.
: SCHMIDT, 26 Minna St.
INTELLIGENT, _iiddle-a«ed man wishes po-
sition to work around private ranch. Box
666, Call office, ■
i 2 BAKERS, second and third hands; oan work
on bread and cake; city or country. A. P.,
81 Minna st. '
WILLING young man would like situation in
wholesale house. Call 266 Minna at., M. AN-
DERSON. *
YOUNG man of 12 would Ilk* to learn a trade.
Address box 655. Call office.
! WORK wanted of any kind; a good painter and
paper hanger; knowledge of all building tools;
good man for property or real estate owners;
will work cheap for a steady Job. Apply H.
8., postofflce, Frultvale, Cal.
AS poultry ranch foreman; many years' ex-
perience; valuable receipts; handy all kinds
of tools; best testimonials and references;
J. X., 418 Mississippi St., San Francisco.
! PRACTICAL bread and cake baker wants situ-
i ation; Is willing to go Into country. Address
!", or call FRANK ELSER, Llndell House, cor.
Sixth and Howard sta. .■-
YOUNG man (German) wants kitchen work,
I waiting, saloon or other work; city or coun-
try. Address H. VTELITZ. 632 Mlsaloc. r. 19.
! YOUNG married man desires position at any
kind of office work or collecting; references
! and bonds. Box 658, Call office.
i EXPERIENCED rectifier and compounder of
liquors desires position; best references; mod-
erate salary. Box 660, Call office.
CHINESE servants can be obtained at the
Metodist Gospel Hall, 734 Jackson St.. near
I Stockton.
j YOUNG man wants situation as grocer's
clerk; willing to give references. Box 515, Ca1l
1 GARDENER wishes a few more places to take
care of or to take full charge of home in
owner's absence. Address R. JAEGER,
Berkeley. Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; fre«
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scrlptlons and want ads taken. "
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN to cook at the mines, $_5; waitress,
nice country hotel. $20; waitress, water re-
port, near city, $20: middle-aged woman,
kitchen work, country hotel, $15; ranch cook.
$20. MURRAY _.• READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
LADIES earn $8 weekly doing needlework at
home; no canvassing; Inclose self-addressed
stamped envelope for reply. Standard Novelty
Co., 101 Beekman St., New York. -
YOUNG girl, assist light housework; good
'■ home, low wages. Call Sunday and Monday,
1060 Golden Gate aye.
GOOD finisher for custom coats; apply to-day,
1 o'clock. 410 Kearny ft., room 83.
GIRL to cook; boarding-house; $25 per month:
German or Scandinavian pref. 737 Fourth st.
WANTED— neat young girls to assist pro-
prietor in road house; country; nice place;
steady, beneficial home; piano playing pre-
ferred. Address box 490, Call office.
WANTER— at ROOS BROS., 27 to
37 Kearny st.
GIRL for general housework In German fam-
ily. $15 per month. 3401 Geary st.
1 LADY caehler and bookeeper, grocery house;
private 'secretary; 1 clerks. 1023 Market st.
I GIRL wanted to assist light housework and
j plain cooking. 31 Stanley pi., bet. Ist and 2d.
MANAGING matron for fashionable room-
renting house; 2 linen room women. 1023
Market st.
LADIES' traveling companion for. vacation;
month's trip south; experienced traveler. 318
Bush st. _^
I OFFICE matrons 1 laundry bookkeeper! law
of Ace stenographer, $12. SIR Bush st
YOUNG girl for country; general housework;
wages $12. 1301 Franklin st.. Oakland.
! GIRL for chamberwork, assist In light house-
work. 34 Hawthorne St., off Howard, nr. 2'l.
i STENOGRAPHER wanted who sings: for
traveling position of trust. Apply to FRANK
RICH, Baldwin Hotel.
1 ■WANTED— Refined motherly woman as com-
panion for Invalid and help with light work.
Box 651. Call office.
GIRL or woman permanently t% learn dress-
making; new method; good pay. 207 Taylor.
> IADY canvasser for large corporation; good
clean work. Apply mornings, 213 Valencia st.
TEN experienced pickle packers on glass goods.
Address box 332 Call office.
LEARN dressma ng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25a up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng School, 1071 Market
st.; perfect fit: no trying on; trial fr— .
HELP AY ANTED— MALE.
■ ol^N^63A^r^uNT>A^n~~~"~~
MURRAY _ READY.
634 and 63« Clay st. —
I A ■ BEEHIVE OF WORK
I 2M3 men wanted to-day Look Here
1 — Read Carefully
136 laborers for a great mtn*- IS 60 day
665 railroad laborers '■ 11 75 day
I 88 scraper teamsters— $1 70 day
364 woodchoppers ■ : —41 60 and $1 cord
j 275 . railroad teamsters $1 75 day
197 tlemakers Be, 10, 10c and lie each
1 67 shingle bolt makers $1 60 cord
63 haymakers ; $36 and found
10 orchard hands $20 and found
25 ranch hands $2«, $26 and $20
16 vineyard hands $20 and ■ found
10 choremen for ranches $10 and $15
7 choreboys for ranches 110 and found
j i milkers — $25 and found
j 2 gardeners, private $15 and found
I 2 vegetable gardeners $26
10 laborers, city, mfg company— s2o and found
4S laborers, city Jobs— $1 75 day
12 2-horse teamsters $1 76 day
Sailor for a gentleman's yacht— and found
2 butter makers $30 and found
3 stablemen '■ $26 and found
27 : gold miners — $2 60 day
I 82 gravel miners — $2 80 day
15 laborers to level land $80 and found
67 teamsters, railroad, fr«« fare $1 70 day
2 boys to learn trades, city—
: ALSO — — —
Blacksmith, $40 and found- —
Engineer, $35 and ■ found :: — ■■ — -
— MURRAY & READY,
-—- - — 634-636 Clay st.
FOR A GREAT j ENGLISH — j
'■ and American : ■ —
i Mining Syndicate — ■ '
186. laborers from 12 60 t day; no experience
required ; board and ' lodging will cost $15
per month; steady • Job; 8. P. R. R. . have
given us special reduced railroad rates to
these great mines.
MURRAY _ READY,
— ■ — 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 9 COOKS 6 waiters
5 second cooks — — | ' -3 waiter boys
6 dishwashers ■ I porters, restaurants
MURRAY & READY,
— — — — «84-636 Clay st.
A— BAKER, country shop — ■ 145 ■■ and found
2 baker's assistants -120 and found
MURRAY _ READY, 634-631 Clay st.
A— MARKER and distributor laundry ; help,
$30 and found; fare paid. -.■ MURRAY _
READY, 634-636. C1ay st. : \ • --. -
A— ENGINEER for a sawmill. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay st. ,
A— BLACKSMITH, country shop. MURRAY _
READY, 634-636 Clay St.
A— 2 SPOOLTENDERS, sawmill company.
MURRAY _ READY, 684-636 Clay st.
A—s6oA — 560 railroad men; wheeler, , loaders, dumpers;
snap drivers, $2 day; 2-horse teamsters, $176
day; coast railroads. MURRAY _ READY.
684 and 633 Clay st. ,
A— INTO Santa Clara County '
5 laborers; $24 and found. ;. MURRAY &
READY, 684 and 636 Clay st. . '
A— BAKER for a small oountry shop; $30 and
: found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay Bt. /;■-■ ■ ■; .■;, -v -. ■; ...... ;,-. ■■■ ■■'
WANTED— Cook and .wife, country • hotel, $45 ;
cook, small place, country, $30; camp cook,
, $25 ; several waiters, ; $26 to r $36, - etc. AN-
_ RE'S. 316 Stockton. . ....
WAIWED-.A good tailor. 1M Battery £
JHELP 'WANTED— Contln-gd.^
ALASKA - — — : :—:: — : MONDAY
160 rockmen, new railroad, $3 a day.
SPECIAL REDUCED FARES —
15 bridge carpenters, same Job, $3 50 a day- —
For further particulars call and I see ;
C. R. HANSEN CO.. - —
104 Geary St., S. F.
NEW RAILROAD WORK Free fare
■ 15 tunnelmen, to $2 50 a day; year's Job
40 2-horse teamsters and 30 laborers and
scraper loaders, $20 and board and $1 76 a day,
to two different Jobs free fare— —and we
ship twice a day remember — — free fare
from C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
■ - 104 Geary st.
13 PICK-AND-BHOVEL laborers for a rock
Quarry, $1 75 a day; board. $4 a week; long
Job; no experience required.
... ALSO ■
10 men to clean brick, 600 a thousand, office
fee 6O0; get an old hatchet and be at our of-
fice 7 o'clock Monday ready for work.
— - ~— ~— — — ~ _— — .. AND : ' mi j ii" n a. 1 ■ ■
17 plck-and-shovel laborers, city Job, $1 60
a day. ( .
— ALSO
19 more teamsters for work on , a canal, $1 75
a day and board $4 60.
ALSO
11 more barkers and buckers, $35 and found;
2 Dolbeer men, $60 and found; 3 lumber pliers.
$26 and board and- 1
4 milkers, $30 and $25 9 farm hands
and haymakers, $26. $25 and $20 3 farmers,
same ranch, $17 50 1
Blacksmith, country shop, $2 50 a day
7 more gravel miners $2 50 a day
j 2 all-round 3tablemen for a stage company In
the mountains, 525 and found each.
■ -i AND
cook and wife, small hotel, Oregon, $80; sec-
ond cook, country hotel, $40 and fare paid;
vegetable cook, mountain resort, $40 and free
fare; pantryman, springs. $15: glass pantry-
man, $20- omnibus, $15, for the same country ho-
tel; third cook, springs, $30: night cook, make
rolls, $10 a week; washer, $30; lroner, $25. In-
stitution, city; German porter. $20; shoe-
maker, repair work; cabin boy to go to Aus-
tralia, $10.
C. R. HANSE3N - CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter and a crew of waiters for a new
springs resort; see party here Monday morn-
ing. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MAN and wife to. manage branch office, Clerks'
Exchange. In Sin Jose. Particulars, 313 Bush.
I "OPEN to the public"— Everybody kindly In-
vlted to investigate the only Membership
Employment Exchange on the Pacific Coast;
If a member works a month, then leaves his
I position, he may obtain another without ex-
tra cost, and the very highest fee charged
does not exceed 10 cents per week; this se-
cures the facilities of 6 established offices, the
combined efforts of. 6 canvassers, special ad-
vertisements in the dally papers, and In
case of failure to refund money. Call and
see the lists of orders and talk with our can-
vassers at 313 Bush st.
EVERYBODY who seeks to obtain positions as
bookkepeers, cashiers, collectors, salesmen
and clerks without publicity, cheaply and
effectually, call at the Clerks' Headuarters,
313 Bush st.
: MARRIED Janitor, without lncumbrance, $76;
stationery engineer; elevator runner. 213
Bush st.
BTOCK keeper, time keeper and tally clerk;
steamboat dock watchman. 313 Bush st.
TO open 10 country stores; an Incorporated
■ company, representing $150,000; managers and
clerks wanted. Particulars 313 Bush st.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house, at
once; 2 cellarmen; bottler. 318 Bush St.
RARE opportunity for a man with small capi-
tal; control of business. 318 Bush at.
2 JUNIOR olerks, wholesale dry goods; ship-
ping clerk; furniture; real estate clerk.' 102$
Market st.
6 MEN for Pacific Coast trade, distiller's line:
big pay. 1023 Market st.
10 MEN for Alaska, for one of the most suc-
cessful financial concerns in city; good money
for right parties. 1023 Market st.
I MAN and wife to work on gentleman's place;
grocery clerk. 1023 Market st.
WANTED— tailor and bushelman. 106
Battery St.
WANTED— Two good men. Call June 13. be-
tween 7:30 and 8:30 p. m. at 22 Post st.
WANTED— for retail grocery or
crockery business: give references and wages.
Box 453, Call office.
■ TAILORS — a pants maker for Sacra-
mento. Apply to STEIN, SIMON _ CO.
MAN and wife. American, to manage gentle-
man's country seat. Eastern party preferred;
good gardener will have permanent, place.
313 Bush st.
WANTED— A lunch cook. Apply after Ip. m.
j to HENRY TIETJIN. NW. cor. 3d and Berry.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker (man) to work In-
side. ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM, Market
and Seventh sts.
WANTED— and brickyard men. Ba-
den Brick Co., Baden, South San Francisco.
CLERK for storeroom: bookkeeper; shipper;
barkeeper; German grocery clerk. . .113 Bush.
BOOKKEEPER: German clerk; barkeeper; head
. waiters; driver: hotel porter. 1023 Market.
GOOD boy that has worked at shoemaklng on I
the bench. (M Market St., In basement.
WAITER for a few hours' work; come I
prepared Sunday bet. 10 and 11. 2759 Mission, j
WANTED— WaIter. Call at 1390 Turk st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States navy; able- :
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits anil able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In height. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— ladles' tailors and
bushelman. 604 Sutter st.
MEN to learn barber trade in 4 weeks, $15.
1542 Market st. -
SINGLE furnished fine, large sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis.
WANTED— Laborers ! and ! mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 138V4 Eighth St.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 250 a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. South «28.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50; men's
soling, Ssc: only one price. 959 Howard st.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13».
WANTED— and ordinary seamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound, Mexico, eto^ apply
Mariners' Home. W. W. LANE. 604 Pa vis st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 150 night; 750 and $1
. week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764W Mission,
men to take rooms; 10c. 1 15c and 260 per
night; 60c. 900 and $1 par week. ', .
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Butter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:80
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken. '
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— B furnished sunny rooms for house-
keeping; connected; no other roomers ;. man
and wife; state price and particulars. Box
881, Call office. '
FURNISHED room, with running water, gas,
privilege of gas: vicinity of Flllmore and
Eddy sts.: state price. Address box 382. Call.
GENTLEMAN wishes I large, pleasant room;
give particulars. Address J.". box 366. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG couple, no children, want on July 7
. a suite or large room and alcove furnished,
with or without board ; must be north of Mar-
ket and inside of Franklin; references. Ad-
dress box 370, Call office.
EDDY, ' Wanted, i young lady to room and
board; private family; reasonable. ;. .: . ":
2 ROOMB and board, 4 persons, at Santa Cms,
near beach. Box 425, Call office. ■
PARTNERS WANTED. *~
PARTY with few hundred dollars to go pros-
pecting in California on ground that ;Is
known. 324 Hyde st. - ■ -
SAUSAGE-MAKER as partner. 3535 Seven-
teenth st. _____^__^___^_^^__
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to :19 Mont-
.. gomery st. ; highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71.
. HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To rent, a ranch; either grain,
dairy or fruit. : Address J. F. BYRNES'
store, San Mateo. • ' ' ■
WANTED— Tent • about 25x50 feet. 1213 Point
'; Loboa aye.. at shooting gallery.
TO LEASE. ,
TO LET— Academy Hall, ' corner Mission and
Mary sts.; remodeled and refurnished. Apply
I pa tue premise* or L. ALTSCHUL, S2O Clay.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS: Send for my large 8-page Illustrated
catalogue and circulars of all kinds of war
and patriotic souvenirs and goods. Over wo
different kinds of pins, badges, pictures. Old
Glorys, etc. I have everything of this kind
for news stands, variety stores, street men.
etc. Boys and girls can make big money
with my goods. I sell to everybody at the
same prices as to Boston trade. You make
from 100 to 300 per cent profit. What 1 don t
manufacture I buy at bedrock cash prices
and ship everything promptly from my shop
and factories. Get my catalogues and price
lists and make from $2 to $10 a day while
the market is hot. I make 60 different flag
pins, al«o gun pins. "Free Cuba bullets,
Uncle Sam, brooch metal and enamel pins,
ladles' patriotic hat pins and shirt waist sets,
medallion plnß. "Remember the Maine med-
allions, souvenir spoons nf Maine and fcigs-
bee, Dewey and Olympla, Lee and Motto
Castle. Cabinet photos of Lee, Dewey bamp-
son. Miles, Schley. etc. Catalogue free by
return mail. All I ask you to QrJS. ,}■?
SEND ME YOl'R NAME ON A POSTAL
CARD L. N. CUSHMAN. 34 Oliver St., Bos-
ton, Mass^
WANTED— Men and women In every town to
work for us at their homes
NO CANVASSING.
We will send you work Immediately. Wg
have several lines of work to give out, some
of which requires no experience whatever. If
you can't devote the whole day to our work
you can earn J5 or 56 a week by working an
hour or two of an evening. Enclose stamp.
we will send you full Instructions free of
charge. Standard Art Manufacturing Lom-
pany, 51 Standard building. 142 West Twenty-
third St., New York.
AGENTS make big money selling automatic
screen door catches; write for information.
Automatic Door Catch Company, 185 Lake st.,
Chicago.
AGENTS, Investigate Scrlbner's Magazine pre-
mium offer; a sura winner. Call or write
121 Phelan building.
"MAINE" souvenir trays are great sellers ;
sample 26c. ALUMINUM NOVELTY CO..
110 Sutter st.
AGENTS, ladles or gentlemen; easy to sell:
needed by everybody. Box 641, Call offlga.
WANTED— LiveIy canvassers to sell the latest
and best colored lithograph, "Remember the
Maine"; big money to right parties. 80S
• Kearny st. • ■
A<" NTS for "Our Naval War With Spain";
splendidly Illustrated; only authentic book to
be published; free outfit nowready; actquick.
National Pub. Co.. Lakeside hldg.. Chicago.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. : perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
26 and 26. li 0« Market St.. opposite Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
eight; diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.
50c. gent? sl; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market St.;
trance medium; unites the separated; changes
luck; locates buried treasures; letters prompt-
ly answered; Inclose stamp.
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader, re-
turned; ladles. Be; gents. 600. 951 Mission st.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader.magnetle treatment. 4ol Leavnwh.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; paat
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, card reader and
palmist. 215 Kearny st., room 2.
MME. MOREAU. best medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
] band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pre-
fesslon; never falls: advlc«: help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— IF you want a lot of Information the best
clairvoyant and palmist In Go^'s creation is
Mrs. Saylor; reads ore, etc.; full names: la-
dles, 25c: gents. 50c; mall. $1. 1819 Market
st.. near Eleventh.
MRS. B. BALLARD, medium. 811 Main; sick-
ness a specialty; circles Friday, 2 p. m., 25c.
MRS. BUTLER, reliable clairvoyant, card
reader: Hindoo control: hours 10-5. 679 Geary.
• MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
j spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister: tel. Jessle,9sB.
MRS SHAFFEI.. test and business medium:
sittings dally. 212H Sixth St.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 23.1 Valencia St.; read-
injrs fl: clr. Tues.. Fri.. 2 p. m. ; Sat., 8: 25c.
MRS J. J WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium US Haiirht st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402H Geary; hypnotism taught:
diplomas Issued; dlse.tse.i ,-ir.d habits '-iired.
PALMISTRY.
CHARACTER described: send 26c Otampsl and
date of birth to "Astro." box 46W, <'all office.
FREE lecture by Mrs. Chandler Sunday, 3 p.
m., at hall, 305 Larkln St.; readings Thurs.,
Sat, at hall: We?., Fri. at res.. ?.;,?, Gt-nry.
LOST.
LOST— A pass-book with the Htbemla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SARAH CROMPTON; No. 223.343.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernta Savings J
and Loan Society of San Francisco. In the
name of HANNAH LONG: No. 179.914. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— On Point Lobos aye., near Fourth, i
white and brnwn fnx terrier. Reward at 337 :
Fourth aye. i
WILL party who found basket In ferry boat
waiting room return to 490 Spear st. : reward.
LOST— Monday night, long gray-haired German
spitz doz: medium size: point nose; $25 re-
ward. 21 Sixth pt., restaurant. |
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savin**
«nd Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of SAiIAH SMITH. No. 174,684. The
flndsr will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with The Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ELIZABETH LEE. No. 221-542. The
finder will please return to Bank.
LOBT— A pass-book Trith tha Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ELLEN O'CONNOR: No. 166.623. The
finder will please return to bank.
FOUND.
FOUND— 2 purses, on Memorial Day. Owner
can have same by proving property. J.
STX T MPF & SON. Hay Dealers. 1211-1217 Rail-
road aye., San Francisco.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR Sale— Photographic, apparatus; 1 camera
Bxlo and Darlot lens SxlO etc. ; also a hand
sewing machine: also some business for a
good canvasser. Apply 115 South Park.
FOUR buildings In excellent condition for sale,
to be removed, at the northwest corner of
Jackson and Octavla sts. Inquire of F. O.
& E. K. PEARSON, 1231 Folsom st.
THOROUGHBRED Scotch collie pups for sale;
pedigree given. Box 871, Call office.
CAMPING wagon, and will build to order. 1634
Mission st.
ANGORA kittens for sale at Angora Cattery,
657 Ellis st.; thoroughbred.
$26— ADVERTISING outfit: good thing; only
those with cash. Box 489, Call office.
Al BICYCLE for sale. $15. 1617 Devlsaderd St.
25-HORSE power steam engine, cheap. DONO-
HUE & KENDELL, 134 Sutter st.
10,000 OLD brick for sals at corner Washington
st. and Central aye.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl
goods; new, 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
NO. 2 Blake's Improved steam pump, with
hand power attachment; suction pipe lH
inch; discharge I*4 Inches; complete; ready
for use. Address R., box 8. Call office. Oak-
land.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show casas, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St., above Sixth.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. 614-516-518 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 638 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES, $10: Records. $5 per doz.:
Projr>ctoscope, $100. BaciKalupi. 983-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
MARKeF 4— Branch office of Ta» Call; want
ads and iubecriptlons taken.
PERSONALS.
KIND gentleman, 40. strictly moral, fond of
traveling, speaking 5 languages, having large
real estate, wishes acquaintance stout lady
or widow with fair income; no agents. Please
address box 367, Call office.
WANTED— Address of FELIX GEORGE BAU-
DAINS: left Melbourne. Australia. 9 years
ago. Address his mother. MRS. F. BAU-
DAIN, 148 Sixth, and hear news of a fortune.
BRUNETTE boy and girl baby wanted for
adoption In a good home. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
MATRIMONY.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legimate matri-
monial assn. west of cmcago; details free.
I MARRY— Money refunded if not suited within
| 6 months; send 12c for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
BELL," 111 EUIb Bt., San Francisco. Cal.
|)ISI\F,SS i. ERSONALS.
MY artists give the most careful attention to
each and all who come; hair dressing 25c
i only; good switches, $1; best, finest quality,
i $3 60; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
MME. DELLA FAUST has removed to her new
store; hairdresslng, 25c; bleaching and dye-
ing; artistic hair work and everything per-
taining to a first-class hair business. 240
Stockton St.. near Post.
'< APPLY Qulnonla to the roots of the hair. G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
| $50 CASH prize for best story sent before
August 15. Literary Bureau, "Bonaventure,
Denver, Colo.
I RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that Jar the high-
priced tailors In quality of goods and mini-
mum of price: for Instance, on a $20 suit,
$5 down and $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS, 920 Broadway. Oakland.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Honse, 44 Third st., near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
GET a first-class shave at the lady barber's,
316 Third st.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and herb cure. 679 Geary st.
MAGICAL performances given for all occasions;
maglo taught. MAGICIAN HENRY, 309 Sixth.
! HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
SCTTS to order on easy ■nstallments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
SAN~IrRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, »16 Market St.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
i WrNSTON^COCT64B Market st.
! RELIABLE BROKERS
i 15 rooms; $250 cash, $10 monthly $458
16 rooms; new; $450 cash, payments I.W
19 rooms; sunny corner; central 600
20 rooms; rent $45: on.k furniture TOO
19 rooms; elegant place; payments 575
27 rooms; worth $600; only 375
41 rooms; Powell st. : elegant furniture... 2700
66 rooms; elevator; $2000 cash 3500
A— KREDO & CO 22H Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sizes; all prices.
Following are a few special bargains:
23 rooms; reduced from $1000 to $600
88 rooms; worth $2500. for 1300
20 rooms; sunny corner; bargain at $2000.. 1600
20 rooms; rent only }60 750
Many large houses from 5« to 600 rooms, too
numerous to mention. KREDO & CO., 22^
Geary st.
A— s3so; AUCTION price; 14 rooms; carpets
worth the money; elegant. KREDO & CO.,
224 Q«ary st.
I OFFER FOR SALE
2S-room boarding house $3600
24 rooms; transient; clears $150 500
26 rooms on Market; clears $100 600
36-room house; 2 fronts; offer wanted
4 20-room houses; from $300 to 1600
3 fC-room houses; from $14M to 3000
3 105-room houses: from $2500 to 6000
65-room hotel; cost $10,000 3800
60-room apartment house for exchange.. 400")
7-room flat on Geary st 250
20-room house ...$SOOi 22-room house ..$5OO
10-room house .. 150! 24 rooms, corner.. 750
65 rooms, cor . .30001 14 rms. on Sutter 700
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$1000— LODGING house north of Market Bt. ;
cost $1500; leaving the State cause of sale.
McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
BUY of owner: $700 cash: 21-room house; cen-
tral and full of steady roomers; rent $«0
month: Investigate this. Box 316. Call office
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms. $3<>; sunny flat. 6
rooms; cheap rent. Room 213. Claus Spreck-
els building.
I SACRIFICE: $100 only; furniture of 12-rooms;
! best part of Third s=t. Apply 444H Third st.
j FOR sale— lo-room house: elegantly furnished:
I owner going away. ?09 Jones ft.
i MASON, 616— For sale furniture of 10-roomed j
house; good locality for room renting.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $S
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
f ame as If purchased for all cash. Bargains ■
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy |
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and i
$5 per month. SHERMAN CLAY & CO.. \
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. <
26 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- |
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
OWING to criiool vacation we have too many
renting pianos on hand. Do you want a
snap? Fine upriehts, $125, $140, $150; best
ever offered for the money. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell st. Chickering agts.
GOOD Emerson $n«, another $73; an elegant
$450 piano $175. another $200: quick spot cash ;
sales. J. DEWING CO.. second floor, Flood I
building. Fourth and Market sts. j
CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary st, cor. Grant ,
aye.. offer three ways to buy a piano; no |
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post st.
$5 INSTALLMENTS; upright piano: fine or-
der $85; Hazelton square. $75. 221 Leaven-
worth st.
NEW pianos rented, $2 50 per month. SCOTT-
rrRTAZ PIANO CO., 680 Hayes st.
BEST goods: lowest prices; easy payments;
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAINS— SIOO, $125. $150: agency famous
Haines Bros. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
GREAT bargains; Decker, Schubert, Steinway.
Neuman. others. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; price lowest: uprights $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
A GOOD upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
St.. next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CARPET CLEAJVIXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning WorksT~cleari«7
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.
38 and 40 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Beating Works. 333-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter 8t •
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
J. MCQUEEN'S Cel. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson st.: tel. S. 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: relaid at 30.
STRATTON. 3 Eig h st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
W rl;«. U St st. B GRANT, tel. Jessie JOl.
J. E. MITHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Oolden
Gate aye. ; tel. ~ast 126.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalU
Subscription!! and want ads taken.
ATTORNEYS~AT LAW.
ALL private law rases, Insolvency, collections,
free advice; open cv. Atty McCabe, 103Larkln.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free: no fees In advance.
ADVICE free on ail legal matter*. T. P.
Stack. 14 McAllister St.. room 64.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. «27 Market »t.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXj NDER&CO.. 110 Montgomery.
TOST, jrood order J25; send for sample work,
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
MIKES-
WILL give one-half Interest in paying gold
quartz laads In California for means to do*
velop the claims. Address Miner, box 564,
Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— KREQO & CO. 22% Geary it.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
$2000— Drug store; good chance for practical
man.
Roadhouse; San Bruno road; furniture
Corner grocery and bar; 4 furnished
rooms. . ;■ . '- '- ■-'.'■' ■ ■
$175--Groeery and bar; give-away.
. $SOO— Delicacy; fine corner; with living room*.
$460— Best shooting galler"; cigar stand.
For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
A— CIGAR stands from $200 to $500; best part
Market and Kearny. KREDO & CO.. 22%
Geary st. _^
CORNER grocery and bar; a good bargaU»T
$1100; new and second-hand variety store.
$250; saloon In very j^ood location.
$300 and $125; restaurants for sale.
$200; partner wanted in old-established cash
business. ' ANDERSON & CO.. 777 Market st.
$250— GROCERY and bar; estab. many yVars
and always doing a fln>t-c!ass paying busi.
ness; 4 living rooms: rent $20; a great sacrl.
flee. Particulars. WILKE. 845 Market st.
$260— PARTNER wanted In good paying butchsi
shop; fine horse and wagons; no experience
necessary; owner prefers partner to hirp,?
help. See McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny,
$250— CORNER saloon for sale; cheap f O r <-«*>/
Mclaughlin & CO., 23 Kearny st. aan
FOR Sale— gentleman and wife w|*hlng~ts
locate In Los Angeles and do business oan
purchase a paying family hotel or rooming
house of 50 rooms; always full; house an?
furniture comparatively new and modern*
with good reputation; never changed hands!
cheapest rent in city (only $2 per room)?
business can be run by a lady. For further
particulars address P. O. box 467, Los Anra*
les, Cal.
I FOR Sale— A nicely equipped saloon; under thl
present management 9 years; must be di*.
posed of on account of failure of eyesight*
caused by a long illness. For particulars ix*
ply to W. MATTHEWS, attorney at la-it
632 Market St., rooms 23 and 24. *
__ , — _^-
BAKERY for — $550; good location; WNtM
Addition. For further information addrM*'
box 880, Call office.
A GREAT bargain; a well stocked rro-*!? 1 .
store; 3 living rooms; barn, horse and wagonx
chicken houses: bearing fruit trees and gar*
den; a short distance from Oakland; 6 yea#
lease; cheap rent. Address box 374, Call office,,
PARTIES having placer ground or tailings,
that will yield from 30c per ton and upward,
wishing to sell or lease, will find it to thelj
interest to send full description to Mlnln*
Company, J., box 6, Call office.. Oakland, i*
PARTY with $1000 to invest can get a goo«
legitimate business which will be permanent]
Droflts large; will stand Investigation; refer*
ences exchanged. Address box 426, Call office.
PARTNER wanted; light business; lndooi
work; no night or Sunday work; experience
not required; trial given; $20 to $30 a weev
each can be made. 8 Geary st., room 2.
$275— LIGHT manufacturing business, route*
horse and wagon, etc. ; other business caus*
of sale; suitable for young man willing to d*
plain light work. Particulars at 244 Third st«
i FINE grocery and bar; all new stock; la
Mission; furnished living rooms In rearf
stabling for 2 horses; doing a good business.!
fine chance. Box 640, Call office.
: FOR SALE — Wholesale manufacturing busw
j ness; established a number of years; beat os
reasons for selling; full investigation; money,
in it. Box 372. Call office.
FOR — Well-stocked stationery, cigar, toy?
and news agency store; bargain; Etoknesg
cause. Apply CUNNINGHAM, CURTXSS 4
WELCH, Sansoma st.
| $250 SNAP; corner saloon with t furnished
i rooms; Fourth St., near Market; fine flxturesl
! good business; $25 month. BASILE, S73H Mkt.
ACTIVE business man wants lady partner
with $750 in highly respectable, established
business. J. D., box 4, Call office, Oakland.
ESTABLISHED business; paying good
monthly returns; satisfactory reasons fog»
Belling. Address box 484. Call office.
i CORNER grocery and liquor store and large;
corner lot to exchange for cottage; 4 or 5
rooms and lot. Apply Call office.
DAIRY produce and delicacy store; paying?
well; cheap. MRS. G. DAVIDSON. 1505 Bu-
j chanan st.
{ GROCERY and bar; best location In city; must
be sold; a bargain. Apply retail grocer, 214
California St.
GOOD paying saloon and lunch house; estab-
lished over 17 years. L. B. WELLER, 130T
Polk st.
GROCERY and saloon for sale; good business
location. 218 Dore St.. bet. Ninth and Tenth.
WANTED — Lady partner; good business; cen-
tral locality; small capital. Box 378, CaJl.
| FOR SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamaMw;
good trade; cheap rent. 1913 Howard st. "
NICE corner saloon cheap; must" .sell" to-dsri
going to Europe. 400 McAllister et.
PARTNER wanted in newly fitted up saloon;
good location. Box 373, Call office.
WANTED— To buy a shoe repairing shop. Ad-
dress box 482, Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale. Apply 611
Castro st.
$200— PARTNER wanted: suited to plain, steady
man satisfied with $16 to $25 a week; trial
given; short hours; duties light. SI Third St.,
room 1: apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— Druggist, liquor, furniture, dry
goods merchants for elegant new stores, spec-
ial inducement. SPECK & CO., 60S Market.
FOR Sale— s3l6: cigar stand, with laundry
office, candy and notion store; good tradet
fixtures and furniture. Inquire at 29 9th st.
FOR Cheap; a butter, eggs and delicacy
stall with fine trade; investigate this. Grand
Western Market, cor. Polk and Austin sts.
PAYING cash milk business; 2 wagons; f
routes; 3 horses; milk depot;, cheap: owner
leaving town. U. 8., box 7, Call, Oakland.
$460— Saloon and 10 furnished rooms; all rented;
saloon doing fine business: best location la
city; rent $20 month. Box 649. Call office.
BAZAAR— paying business; must sell;
full investigation asked and desired. Ad*
dress M., box 44, Call office.
CORNER grocery and bar; clean stock*
2 living rooms: rent $20. 117 FUlmore st.
CORNER saloon for sale; cheap for cash, lilt
Harrison st.
GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 820 First
Ft., northwest corner Tehama.
$400— CIGAR store. Northwest corner Kaa.rnj|
and California sts.
NEWSPAPER route and general news agency.
Agent, box 543, Call office. ,
FOR sale— 2 old-estab.ished groceries and bars|
price $2500 and $1250. Apply Call office.
STOCK and fixtures of a well-paying c!ga*
store for sale; must be sold within three day*
on account of other, business; southeast cor*
ncr Sansome and Washington sts.: no agents.
DRUG Store — bargain: owner has other busl«
ness % to attend to; must sell at once. Ad- 4
dress box 668, Call office. *Sw
PARTNER wanted; experienced laundrymaa
■ with $300 to Invest in a hand laundry. Boa
668. Call office.
$400— A SNAP; oil business: 19 Sixth St.; valu*
in sight. $1000; wagons, horses, etc. PHIL-
LIPS.
PARTY with $100 can buy Interest In ex*
ceptional drug store. Address box 563, Call.
$150— GROCERY, bar; 4 living rooms and.
stable. Apply 455 Clementina st.
$400— RESTAURANT in country town for salet
no cash rent to be paid. It being taken out
in board; good transient trade and several
, regular boarders. For particulars address bo«
.678. Call Office. t-
,W ANTED— Good restaurant man with small
capital. Call at Terminal Hotel, Haight ana
Stanyan sts.
$350— FOR sale; a chop house doing a good
business: rent $15; this is a bargain. Ad-
dress box 4SO, Call office. *
SALOON in Oakland will be sold cheap.
WICHMAN. 1.1-TOEN & CO., 318 Clay st.
FOR SALE or exchange— s3soo; drug storet
Galveston: on principal street: doing good
business: owner has other business. O.
BERGER, Galveston, Texas.
WOOD and coal business, old stand; must
sell immediately: no agents. Box 403, Call.
BUTCHERS, attention!— For sale very cheap,
one of the best shops in the city; other
business the cause of selling. Box 4678. Call.
CORNER grocery for sale; 20 years under pres-
ent owner, who leaves on account of sickness.
Eighth and Harrison sts., opposite Raereatlo*
Park.
SALOON for. sale. 833 Bush st.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose; for par-
tlculars apply at Call business office or to H.
■ F. PIERCE. San Jose... •
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell o*
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN. Lorin. Cal.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
FOR Dawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
Prof. Morse, sails for St. Michaels June 10.
connecting with the speediest steamer on th»
Yukon, the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for handling freight and passengers: before
making contracts call at general office. O|
Market st. ;■ _^_ v ■.
FOR. SALE— A trip to Klondyke and a year'i^
provisions free. Apply 1301 Market st.
MONTGOMERY. 627. cor. Clay— until 9:3»
o'clock; branch of flee ' of The Call. 1 ■ Subscript
tlons and want ads taken. ■- ■■ * *$M?p >CITY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO., ~
Real Estate Agents,
M Montgomery Street.
««-., . A CHEAP LOT.
♦ $1200-Only $400 cash required; 50:11x114- on
the grade; street work done; Hill st.
*,„_ A CHEAP BUILDING LOT.
$1300— Eleventh and Folsom sts.; 28x60;
Street accepted, a good lot for four small flats.
„_. _ COTTAGE— A BARGAIN.
$1500— Sanchez st. : bay-window cottage of 4 I
rooms and lot; handy to several lines of street ;
cars.
mm. x, P ARK RESIDENCE LOT.
$2000— Park Panhandle; 25x126 : nice residence
SC ?!,7, H ,? IDE BARGAIN TO CLOSE ESTATE
J.lTO— Fronts on ! streets; 2 flats; rents 130-
this is a snap: must be sold to close an estate :
near Seventh and Folsom sts. «iaie. j
„,_: A GOOD LOT FOR FLATS.
$2350— Pierce st.; 27x1)2:6; street accepted.
GOOD LOT FOR STORE AND FLATS
*'. Sacramento st; 27:6x132:7V4; street ac-
cepted; business block. -m- --i ac j
B «?r__f? S ,r° RNER ~^ PACIFIC STREET.
$4000-Double cottage of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
each, rents $3b; stores could be put underneath-
good cellar: lot «sxooj both streets accepted.
«^-^^^ . FLATS - A BARGAIN.
Jsi>O— Rents $aSS per annum; Page st. ; 2 fine
_£m$. !l &_ ?f? f 6 an<l 5 rooms and bath each!
"J037M5; this is a snap; price has been greatly
reduced; owner must sell. -i—v*
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE BAR-
$575O— Two-story and basement; bay-window
residence of I room, and bath; brick founda-
tion, etc.; 25x106:3; a fashionable neighborhood!
A MIJESiS A ? T RESIDENCE ON PINE ST.
im,,mv. 1 locatlon : a fine home; all modern
Improvements and conveniences.
___ _, A GOOD INVESTMENT.
_ T*9500T *95OO— Six substantial flats, near Market
Height and Valencia sts.; rents $1140 per an-
num; both streets accepted; 37:6x80.
, .__ A GOOD INVESTMENT.
$11.000— Pine st.; rents $900 per annum; three
r^ oP houses ot " rooms and bath each; lot
CDxl2o to rear street; room for 4 small flats on
the rear street; this could be made one of the
best-paying investments in the city.
ELEGANT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$11.000— fine Eastlake house of 9 rooms and
bath, etc.; large ground; lot 60xl27:8V«; elite
location.
A ., GO D -. LOT FOR BUSINESS PURPOSES.
$12.000— 2 blocks from the City Hall; a
principal business street; 2 lots. 36xS0 and 2"x
5: fronting on 2 streets; stores and lodging
house or halls would pay a good interest; this
le a choice lot.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSBN & CO.,
_____^ 14 Montgomery st.
ONE HEYMAN TRACT EXAMPLE
(ONLY ONE OF MANY).
Yesterday a man paid his last Installment
on a home we built for him six years ago.
Just think how much better off. how very
much better off. is this man than any of
you rent payers. The money he used to
throw away in rents has in six short years
given him a modern 5-room and bath cot-
tage and lot. Your money that you are
throwing away in rents and will continue
to throw away as long as you rent, will
never bring you one cent's worth of any-
thing valuable. Our friend of the newly
paid for home can dispose of his property:
you couldn't even find a person who would
have any use for your bundle of receipts
even as a gift To sum it up. this man
whose good example we are advising you
to follow, instead of paying rent for six
years, has paid for a home and finds him-
self able to put away In the bank now the
money he used to pay out to the landlord.
We have the same opportunity to offer to
rent payers— the fame cozy, modern homes
that may be bought for the rent money
they are now parting with. Take a ride
out to the Heyman Tract and make an in-
spection. Take Mission-St. cars, transfer
to Twenty-second, to Hoffman avenue, and
ask for Mr. James Cotter, resident agent,
who will show you the property. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st, will give you
all particulars.
RICHMOND lots— 2 fine level building lots on
Ninth aye. and California St.; 25x120 each;
110 monthly; cheap. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
ONE block of level land, as a whole or In lots;
1 block from electric road: suitable for chick-
en ranch or dairy; at a bargain; $10 monthly.
JACOB max. 11 Montgomery st.
$100— LOTS In Sunset District, Golden Gate
Park; on $5 monthly payments. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery ft.
$13 35 MONTH will buy a neat new 4-rJom-and-
bath cottage, with level lot: only $50 down;
electric cars close by. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 i
. Jlontgromfry »t.
O. F. VOX RHEIN & CO. '
We have returned from temporary offices on [
Market st. to our regular quarters, 61$ Cali- i
fornia st.
IMPROVED.
$12.000— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich-
137:0x137:0: with house.
$40.«w— Market and Page; 55x120 to Rose aye.
$10.500— Cor. Dupont and Francisco; 45:10x68:8.
$15,000— Hayes, nr. Franklin; 27:6x120 to Lin-
den ay.-.
$8000— Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott; 27:6x110;
2 flats. 13 rooms; rent $57.
$C2Co— Broadway, nr. Kearny; 20x77 :«.
$5500— Pacific, nr. Polk; 25x100; stores and
flats.
$5500— Cor. Bryant and Zoe; 35x97:5.
$5000— Page. nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
rooms and bath.
$4S'»- Lorn bard, nr. Hyde; 57:6x137:6; house of
10 rooms and bath; marine view.
$4500— Filbert, nr. Taylor; 20x60; rent $46.
$4200— Shot well. nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
$2500— 3d aye., nr. Clement st. : 25x120; cottage.
— Valparaiso, nr. Mason; 23x60: improved.
$5000— Webster, nr. Fulton; 25x34:6.
$1700— Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and
-table.
UNIMPROVED.
$2300— Stelner, nr. Oak; 25x100.
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:€; cheap.
$1200— Fair Oaks, nr. 26th ; 2c5125.
Scott, nr. Washington; 25x115.
17th and Capp; 32:6x110.
123x120; Boyce and Rose aye.; 3 lots.
25x85; 13th, nr. Stevenson; 2 .lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
-Lombard and Pierce; 22:11x90.
X BLOCK from Baldwin Hotel; fine down-town
corner lot, 68x97:6 feet; old Improvements;
best buy in the city; $50,000.
PAYS FOURTEEN (14) PER CENT.
Four flats on good street, south of Market;
In Al condition; all rented; price $4750.
' Leavenworth-st. Leavenworth, near
Vallejo; good flats; 4 and 6 rooms; street bl-
tumlnized; price reduced to $4000; owner must
sell.
FINE FLATS.
' Lot 6Oxl37:«; north side of Oak st. In good
location; rented for $1400 annually; price $16,-
000.
! Octavla, near Oak— Lot 30xT7:« feet; street
bltumlnlred: double house of 10 rooms; rented
for $30; price $4250.
CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS!
$2760— Flllmore st, near Hayes; 26x106:1.
$3000— Scott and McAllister; cheap lots.
$2000— North Clay St., near Spruce; 25x127.
$IS7s— Dolores St., near LlDerty; 25x98:6.
— Fourteenth St., near Castro; 26x116.
j5O0 — California st., near Twenty-second aye.;
25x100.
Thirty-first aye., near Point Lobos; 62x
120.
Fine Pacific Heights lots; 27:8x110; marlie
view; only $2500.
We build on very easy terms.
Me A FEE BROTHERS,
Real Estate Brokers and Financial Agents, 108
■ Montgomery st, San Francisco, CaT.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER!
$45,000— Rent $3600 per annum; large comer
on best retail street; never before offered;
rent can be increased; for few days only.
RENT $43.
FORECLOSURE SALE,
Two beautiful new flats; Fillmore St., near
Golden Gate aye. ; three beautiful wood man-
tels; dining-room In *olid oak, tiling; over
pinks; basement plastered; cost over $8000;
mortgaged for ■ $5000 and must be sold this
week. BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery »t.
A BARGAIN.
\ Richmond cottage; 6 rooms, porcelain bath,
electric bells, all modern Improvements; lot
23x120; terms easy; price $3000.
Walnut st. near Sacramento. ; 8-room house;
all modern Improvements; billiard room, etc;
can be bought very chesn.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY,
403 Examiner Building.
DAVID STERNS & SONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
636 MARKET STREET.
$30 Elegant corner; new Improvements;
O'Farrell, near Taylor; rents $202 60.
$12 600— Elegant new residence; suitable for
physician; Post, near Polk; 10 rooms, bath, etc.
$12 500— Choice business property; Geary, near
Laguna: rents $100; 34:4x137:6.
$2880— Elegant marine view; Devlsadero, near
Vallejo; 32x103. ■:, j : :?:.
4 HANDSOME 2-story houses of « and 8 rooms;
$3600 and $3800; grand marine view; $500 cash,
balance $30 monthly; on Leavenworth St.,
near Lombard. .
$4700— PRESIDIO Heights; handsome house 9
rooms; modern Improvements; nearly fin-
ished; Clay St.. between Locust and Spruce
sts. Apply on premises or at 2518 Pine st.
$226— NICE lot: Hearst aye., ' north side; 2
blocks from cars; cheap. • Inquire at 210 Sun-
nyside aye. - v ■
NICE homes on the installment plan; cheap.
107 Tenth at. <
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1858. '626 Market st. jV T .i-
Must sell to close estate; an elegant Inside
property on Pine st., between Larkin and
Polk; 25x137:6; 2 buildings; only *5500 asked.
$7600— McAllister st. near Fillmore; I large
flats; paying good income; lot 26x100.
$5200— Rents $540; Rausch St.. near Seventh
and Howard; 25x112.
$3000— Washington St., near Webster; 9
rooms and bath; lot 28x128.
Must be sold— 2 fine flats on Hayes St., near
Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
$7000— Rents $900 per year; Paciflc-st. corner,
near Powell; 60x68:9.
$4000— Fifth st., near Harrison; 15x100 to roar
street; 2 houses.
$4600— Bush st., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms
and bath; lot 23x137:6.
Geary st., corner Broderlck; elegant corner
store and flats; paying good income; lot
25x92.
Twenty-fifth, near Sanchez; 6 rooms
and bath; 24:3x114.
$3600— Rents $36 per month; Clementina St.,
near Third; lot 25x80.
$3000— Cottage and lot; 21st St., near Castro;
6 rooms and bath; 25x114.
Cottage and lot; Duncan St., near
Church; 4 rooms and stable; lot 25x114.
Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 26x84:*.
$3500— Two cottages; Chattanooga St., near
23d; 32:6x117:6.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Halght and Octavla sts., one
block off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-
half purchase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and , Locust
Bts.; 37:6x107:7.
50 vara: Buchanan, corner of Chestnut;
$6000: 137:6x137:6.
$3000— Corner Lombard and Octavia; 46:6x100.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 62x100.
$2750— Clay St., near Spruce; 27:0x127:8.
$1750— Union st, near Webster; 25x100.
$1600— Turk St., cor. Central aye.; 27:6x110.
$1250— Sixteenth St.. near Castro; 26x100.
$1000— aye.. near J St.; 23x120. -
$1000— York St., near 22d; lot 25x100.
California, near Second aye; 25x100; only
1800.
$SoO— Valparaiso, nr. Filbert & Mason: 23x60. .
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
BIG 20 PER CENT INSURANCE CUT.
BIG 20 PER CENT INSURANCE CUT.
$125,000— Market st.; 6-story brick and Iron
building; lot 45x1115 feet; pays 5 per cent net.
$130,000— Grand corner Investment; 100 feet
front; modern 4-story building; all rented fur
almost $10,000 per annum; within block of Bald-
win Hotel: mortgage of $80,000 can remain.
$48,000— Grand Investment within 200 feet of
Market st. ; lot 35x137:6; block from Baldwin;
rents about $200.
$30,000 — Grand corner on Powell; old improve-
ments; few blocks from Orpheum: lot 6Sx7O.
$16 000— Grand corner investment; 52:6x110 feet
on Mason st.; good improvements; must be
sold.
$45.000— Corner. 137x137:6; brick and Iron build-
ing; on Sansome Bt. ; rents $3300.
$75,000— corner; 137:6x137:6 feet; within
block of new ferry depot.
$150,000— Kearny st.; grand investment; al-
ways rented, $10,000 net: very fine Improve-
ments; will take good property as part pay-
ment.
150,000— residence of 16 rooms; lot 275 x
137:6; on Broadway, near Buchanan; fine ma-
rine view; mortgage $45,000 (bank).
$14,000— Grand corner within 2 blocks of City
Hall; rent $125.
$6000— flats near Htbernia Bank; rents $60.
$2300 — flats near Fourth st. ; rents $32.
60-page catalogue free.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO. 1 3,
602 Market St.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$6000, reduced from $6500— $60; good
business corner on Clay st.
$6500 Formerly $S500; an A No. 1 residence
in the Western Addition.
$4000— Formerly $5600; fine residence, with
good business future.
Formerly $8000; a first-class double
flat of 6 and 7 rooms each at the Mission.
$4250 for a splendid house and lot 25x110;
Golden Gate Park, near Baker Bt
$17.000— Mission st., near Sixteenth; a splen-
did property; lot 62:6x105, all covered with
improvements.
■ IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$42,500— Taylor st, near Market; large lot;
well improved; stores and flats.
$32.500— Eddy st., near Market; centrally lo-
cated; store and flats.
HAS A GREAT FUTURE.
$25,500— A very prominent corner lot, 65x100;
well Improved; paying 8 per cent.
BETTER THAN MONEY IN THE BANK.
$16,000— Rent $160; a 2-corner house of 42
rooms and 6 baths.
$3100— R»nt $27; 24-story double flat on
Tenth St., of 6 and 8 rooms each; lot 23x100. .
$5750— Rent $60; 4 flats on Geary St.; Tot
28x125. ,;•
$5800— $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st.
$2400— Rent $25; a double fiat; 6 rooms be-
low and 6 rooms upstairs.
$30.000 — Rent $260; stores and flats; never va-
cant.
$14,500 will buy a McAlllster-st. property:
2 stores and 2 flats; 3 blocks from City Hall.
A SNAP.
$1000 cash, balance on mortgage, will buy a
lot 28x100, with a 2-story house and stable,
three blocks from new City Hall.
______________ _ „
C. C. BEMIs!
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000— corner for store; must be sold;
lot 52:4x60 feet
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
to- vara on Page St; panhandle of park.
— Choice building lots north of park.
Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x95 feet.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM A, First Floor,
Crocker Bull-in*.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
EXPERT JUDGES BUY PROPERTY NOW!
BARGAINS NOW! PROFITS LATER!
$100. $l£o to $250; level building lota near
Mission street electric cars: only $5 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS!
$400. $450 to $850: officially graded; superb
view; $25 down. $10 monthly.
SOL OETZ & BROTHER
$400. $450 TO $760; choicest Richmond building
lots; street graded and sswered; $25 down,
$10 monthly. SOL GETZ &. BROTHER.
Call for Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker bulldlns;.
4-ROOM cottage, nearly new, for sale cheap
on account of departure. H. NIERENDORF.
20 Joy Bt., near Brewster, Bernal Heights.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st. ; tel. Green 204.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays; J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth.; telephone South 14.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed i paper,
pianos, furniture or jewelry; all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny st. upstairs.
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, y furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st. room 3.
MONEY loaned on office and household furni-
ture and pianos; 2 per cent. P. KELLY, Real
'Estate & Money Broker, 461 9th st., Oakland.
| Oakland.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re- |
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
• private party. BONNELLI, 120 Powell st.
$100,000 TO loan on income city property; $10
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN, 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 828 Montgomery.'
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bale, etc. Room 7, 608 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken. -
PAWNBROKERS. ~~"
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Ratt Loan
Office, 22 Mason st., bet. Market and Eddy.
SEWING MACHINES: =
AUTOMATIC "Domestic Singer and White
cheap; repalrtog guaranteed. 1915 Mission si.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies.. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing, lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
STORAGE.
FURNITURE, tr_nks. etc. Golden West Stor-
age warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 181.
THE SAIST FRAM CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 12, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
RICHMOND COTTAGE.
GREAT SNAP.
$2260— Worth $3260; very easy monthly pay-
ments; splendid bay-window cottage of 5
rooms and bath; lot 25x100; Clement St., bet.
Fourth and Fifth ayes..  .- .;;:-?.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
GREAT Snap— Larkin St., near Green-
wich; cottage, 6 rooms and bath: lot 25x105.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
v - 10 Montgomery st.
CHEAP cottage, $1500; very easy terms; good
cottage of 6 rooms and bath; street work
done; close to Guerrero-st. electric cars.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
DOLORES-ST. RESIDENCE.
$SOO cash. - balance monthly Installments;
handsome new house; contains 7 rooms and
bath; every convenience; extra large corner
lot; plenty of room for store and flats; corner.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MAKE AN OFFER. ~~~
Fillmore-st. business property; none better
ever offered; $16, .'00; stores and flats; on best
part of the street; lot 50 feet front; pays
over 9 per cent.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St.
WITHIN 100 feet of Market St.. near Baldwin
Hotel; $51,500: pays 6 per cent: fine 4-story
building; in the heart of the retail district.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
BIG INTEREST.
$2500; rent $30: Shipley St., near Fourth; 3
flats, 4 rooms.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st
$8500; rent $80; 8 handsome new flats of 6
rooms each, just completed; Baker Bt., close
to Park entrance; good location; large lot.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$3000; rent $32; lot 26x120; Fourth aye., near
Clement; 2 good flats of 5 rooms each.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
A— s3soo: Lake St., near Ninth aye.; new \Si-
story cottage of 7 rooms and bath; beautiful
park directly in the rear of the house; easy
terms. .
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
Kb^A^RES^ORItSOOo! "~~~
Improved fruit and stock ranch near Grass
Valley In mining district. McAFEE BROS..
108 Montgomery St., S. F.
160 acres, near Cottonwood, Tehama County,
IS acres In vineyard, 8 acres in orchard; bal-
ance hay and pasture land; well improved;
! price $6500. McAFEE BROTHERS.
At the foot of. Mount Diablo; 600 acres; 25
I acres in bearing " orchard. 10 acres vines, 200
! acres grain; only $16,000; will exchange for %
value, city property. McAFEE BROTHERS.
Finely improved vineyard property, near
Callstoga; 100 acres for $11,700; would consider
exchange for one-half; balance cash. McAFEE
BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
A— Pays $?000 net per year; a splendid In-
1 vestment: finely improved ranch property in
| Alameda County; price $150,000; would consider
• exchange for city business property. McAFEE
! BROTHERS.
I FOR Sale— A snap at $1200: 320 acres fine stock,
', grain and fruit land: large orchard; good s-
room house, barn, etc.
I N0. 66— 1993 acres; finest kind of dairy ranch; 6o
i fine Holstein cows; 3 fine orchards; nice 9-room
i house; large dairy houses and barns; fine oak
j mast for hogs: nothing so low; price $18,000;
I might entertain exchange of first-class prop-
erty.
No. 68— A fine fruit ranch, about 7000 trees,
i nearly all in full bearing; nice 9-room house;
; tenant house; water piped all over the place:
all tools, etc.; price $12,000; $2000 cash, balance
! long time. tt N 7 - V-
No. 25—20 acres; great bargain; Contra Costa
i County; 2 acres almonds; 2350 other trees; all
, good bearing: four acres ground; good 4-room
i house; all tools; price $1500.
THE REYNOLDS COMPANY,
403-404 Examiner Building.
AN IDEAL COUNTRY HOME.
450 acres near Santa Cruz, on main road;
! modern house of 18 rooms, barns, fanning
Implements, stock, etc ; an abundance of
water and timber; price $30,000, on easy terms.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
. 638 Market st.
BARGAIN— SoOOO; 155 acres 7 miles from Los
Gatos; 25 acres in choice fruit; 23 acres hay:
vineyard; pasture; abundant timber; springs; ,
rich soil; house, barn, farming tools, horses,
etc.; mortgage $2300; exchange for city or ad-
jacent property. R. B. FALCONER & CO.,
Encinal Hall, Bay station, Alameda.
10- ACRE tracts of fine .vineyard land; only $5
per acre: near Auburn,- Placer County; $5
down, $5 monthly a big snap. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st. ■- ■* - - j
MILL Valley— For sale, house In a desirable lo- i
cation. Address box 377, Call office. j
MODERN cottage In Berkeley for exchange
for country property; near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7555, Call office.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
THREE flats, 20 rooms, price $15,000; 2 flats,
11 rooms, price. $8000; 4 flats, rented $30, price
$15,000; trade any or all for grain ranch or
country hotel. P. KELLY, Real Estate Ex-
change, 461 Ninth St., Oakland.
GOOD business corner lot, or several building
lots In Berkeley for a good ranch In Sonoma i
or Santa Cruz counties. R., box 12, Call i
office, Oakland.
FOR Exchange — City unimproved and Income
property, also San Rafael and Ross Valley
property, for good farm: Bay counties pre- '
ferred. JAS. TUNSTEAD, San Rafael.
GREAT sacrifice: 20 acres good Sonoma County
land. Improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken- j
houses; 2 horses; full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and
beans; «rood road; near station; will ex- i
change for city property; or $500 cash, balance '■
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 153 Third.
FINE S. F. business property part cash and
good home across bay. F. F., box 665, Call.
PROPERTY WANTED.
I WANT a nice piece of Income property; value
. $12,000 to $16,000, or two pieces for same ;
amount east of Polk, south of Sutter must be
good repair;- cash; owners only. Box 386,
Call office. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. "~~~ ~"~~"
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
, JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800. $2200, $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
! great sacrifice to close accounts. .They contain
I 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
i almost new, and located near schools and sta-
! tions.
We are going to weed them out, and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
t Bay-Bt. station, Alameda, and 628 Market St.,
i Ean Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
; FOR sale— very cheap, a nice little home
i of 6 rooms and bath; lot 37:6x100. 403 Exam-
I iner building.
SNAP— house and bath; lot 60x160; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, 1612 Chapln st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
VERY cozy home; best part of Alameda; 9 '
rooms; stable, lawn, flowers; well furnished. !
"Madge," Call, Alameda.
FINE 6-room cottage, all modern, good loca-
tion; rent $16. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park St.,
Alameda. '
i
__________________
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
SUITES elegantly furnished, suitable for phy-
sician or family; also suites unfurnished in
large corner house; sunny side Central aye.
M.. Coll office. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2200— 8-ROOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137; constantly rented, $22;. great. bargain
FREESE & CODINGTON. . 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
NICELY furnished Bunny suite with good
board; plain cooking; $50 a month- for two.
MRS N. C. Berkeley. .-
FRUIT VALE REAL ESTATE.
NEWLY renovated house of 4 rooms and
basement; lot 35x115; city water and sewer-
age; complete; $50 cash; balance $10 per
" month. -,■•"••:•-■■■'-'■■■■.-./■.•;■.-•'.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale station.
HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath barn, '
chicken houses, fruit trees; lot 100x105, : all
fenced; 3 blocks from Frultvale station. ■
H. A. PLEITNER, Frultvale station.
$1950— REDUCED from $3000; elegant 2-story
house of 6 rooms and bath; In excellent con-
dition; fine barn; choice fruit trees in bear-
ing: lot 60x150, all fenced; easy terms, If de-
- sired; located In the best part of Frultvale;
must be sold. ■ • . i
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale station.
BICYCLES. . . •.■■
RAMBLER tandem. In good condition. ,for sale
cheap. Apply at 4226 Twenty-fourth at.
BRAN new Rix bicycle for sale on account of
owner going to Manila. LEAVITT * BILL.
Larkin and McAllister sta.
. *
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9 0 8 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
20 ACRES. Sonoma County; 10 acres bearing
fruit; new, small house; horses, cow, chick-
ens for sale; $2600: very cheap. . C. K. KING,
1 902 Broadway, Oakland. •
FRUITVALE— 2 elegant corner lots, 67x120, $450;
great sacrifice. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway,
Oakland. ; ■
CHESTNUT-ST. house, near Twelfth; 9 rooms;
great bargain; $500 cash ; mortgage $3000. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
10 ACRES, Walnut Creek. Contra Costa County;
all In fruit; fine house; horses and tools; $3000.
C. K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
LOTS— S7S upward; $5 cash, $5 monthly.
$460— New cottage of 4 rooms and lot; youi
own terms.
$125 for barn, well and lot; $10 cash, $5
monthly; build your own '■- home, or we will
build it for you; payment as rent; all streets
graded, some macadamized; 3 electric car lines
and fine school near; soil, climate and view the
very best; Allendale settlement. East Oakland;
building iip rapidly: call or send for circular,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway, Oakland; car-
riage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
FOR Sale— ln Oakland; Just completed, modern
In design and arrangement, 2-story 7-room
house: 3 minutes from local station: lot 40x
■ 125; surroundings the best; a bargain; terms
to suit purchaser. HERON & HOLCOMB,
1050 Broadway,, Oakland. *
2 CLEAR cottages: will exchange for ranch;
$3500. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway, Oak-
lnad.
$5 MONTHLY will buy a neat 8-room cottage,
waterpipes laid, lot 60x125, In the Alvln Tract,
near Elmhurst; only 45 minutes from San
Francisco; price $450; local trains stop hourly
at the property. JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Mont-
gomery st.
SMALL, cheap home at Golden Gate (near
• Berkeley train); easy rental terms. THE MC-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
A BARGAIN— S2OOO.
Cottage of 7 rooms and bath; Campbell St.,
convenient to station: lot 37:6x115; rent $13
month; owner needs money.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
BEAUTIFUL 11-room house; lot 70x150; worth
$9000; $4500; investigate. E. E. BUNCE, 908
Bradway, Oakland.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
FURNISHED and unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, single and double rooms, $1 to $3;
suites, $2 50 to $3; transients solicited. Oriental
Hotel. 564 Washington. Vi block from station.
HOTEL WILSON, newly furnished and reno-
vated: under new management; entire satis-
faction guaranteed; American and European
plan; the table Is a special feature: meals 153
up; special rates week or mo. W. H. Buehler
& Co., Props.. 1165 Washington. Tel. Main 163.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
fpROOMS AND BATH.
ON LARGE CORNER LOT.
CLOSE TO STEAM
AND ELECTRIC CARS.
.VERY CHEAP. AT $21 MONTHLY.
W. A. CALDWELL, 10S Montgomery, S. F.
SUNNY 8-room house; central; nice grounds,
near trains; rent $50. Box D, Call, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD. .
SUNNY rooms: private boarding; large
grounds; centrally located; convenient to
trains; references. 914 Castro St.
ARLINGTON Hotel. Washington and Ninth
sts.; unquestionable family place; excellent
table; low summer rates. • . ;
I FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE I 'P.NE. 662 Eighth st.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
FASHIONABLE ladles' tailor and dressmaker.
Boston Woolen Mills. : 20 Broadway. Oakland.
i OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE a- 1 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye., bet. Cali-
fornia and Lake sts.; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL, 628 Market St.
FOLSOM, 23: v Bay-window house, 7 rooms,
i bath and laundry; rent $23.
SACRAMENTO St., 1630, north side, east of
Polk; "a little gem"; sun all day; new,
clean and pretty; new chandeliers, marble
and tile lavatory; art windows; mahogany
and oak mantels; new cedar , closets with
mirrors In doors; porcelain bath tub. with
marble washstand; servant's room, laundry,
etc. in basement; postofflce and cross lines
cable car at door key on premises; 1 p. m.
today.
BUNNY house: 8 rooms and bath; water free;
$25. 3380 Twenty-third St.. near Valencia.
SUNNY house. 6 rooms, bath; in good condi-
tion, $13. 2S2S Pine st.
THE desirable premises now occupied by the
Irving Institute; suitable for a family hotel
or public institution; the building has 40 or
, more rooms and Is situated in the Mission
warm belt, being 1036 Valencia St., corner of
Hill; a bright sunny location, with large
grounds. Apply to BOVEE, XOY & SONN-
TAG, 624 Market st.
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
GROVE, 818, bet. Webster & Fillmore
furnished flat; 6 rooms: piano; flower garden;
stable If desired; rent reasonable; references
; given & required; call between 10 and 2.
TAYLOR' 810— Completely rural -.bed sunny
house, 10 rooms and bath. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m.
VERY fine residence of 12 rooms, 2 baths, all
modern improvements, worth $150, can be had
8 months by right party for $50
A modern house, 8 rooms and bath; piano;
running water every room; sunny; a bar-
gain ......$4O
A good house, 9 rooms and bath; neatly fur-
! nished; within walking distance — $60
A good house; fine garden; sunny rooms;
good location; owner must take family away;
good lease .••• $50
A magnificent house: 16 rooms; elegantly
furnished: quiet neighborhood; long lease to
proper party <,'....... $100
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
/ ■-■_"■■ }': 403-4, Examiner building.
5 NICELY furnished rooms; marine view; rent
$26; for 1 or 2 months. Box 376, Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CORNER cottage of 6 rooms, $13; yard. Lom-
bard and Hyde sts.
FOR RENT— Cottage 2 large sunny rooms; yard
and basement. Apply 622 Minna St., nr. 7th.
FOR summer; Marln County; 45 minutes; fur-
nished 7-room cottage; reasonable; reference.
Box 593. Call office. : ■
GEARY, 2253 — Fine cottages. 5 rooms and bath;
cellar; mlrrow-top mantels; $13.
MODERN cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 26:6 x
[87; large basement; all street work done;
$2650; only $300 cash. 2916 Bush st. ■
MODERN cottage, 401 Laurel St., cor. Sacra-
mento; sun all day. MADISON & BURKE. "
SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth St., near
Dolores. ■ ■:»'.;-. -
$20— COTTAGE. 6 rooms; prettiest In city; new:
2963 Twenty-first st. ; key at corner grocery.
' " FLATS TO LET.
— WE want at once 200 tenants; we will make
■special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $36; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
A— HOWARD, 1720. NW. cor. Erie, nr. Thir-
teenth — 7 rooms; choice; sunny; $25; water
free; key at 1722 Howard; appreciated If seen.
ACCOMMODATION for 2 families, flat of 7
sunny rooms and bath; rent $16. 733 Stevenson.
ALL OVER TOWN ~ "~
You see flats to rent, by BALDWIN 4
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BOWIE aye., 6, off Eleventh— 3 rooms, hall,
bay-window; cheap to small family. ; :
BUCHANAN, 910— Modern bay-window flat, 6
sunny rooms, bath; cheap rent. ' , :
ELEGANT middle and lower flats; modern im-
provements; 7 and 8 rooms. 1127 and 1129
; . Bush st. .:..-:■■ ■ .---■■;■. ,■■-■ , ■-■ ■■ :- M ■■.-. .:..,
ELEGANT modern, sunny flat of 8 rooms. 2019
, Sacramento st. ■'.■■:':.-.,: - •
FIFTEENTH, 2156, north of Market— A sunny,
modern flat of 6 rooms, ; bath and basement;
' rent cheap. Inquire 324 Kearny St.. or EAS-
TON & ELDRIDGE. -
FULTON. 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms ; bath; near City Hall. ■ ,
FLATS, 5 and 6 rooms. ; $12 and $14: also cot-
■ tage. : 4 rooms, $10. .-: Key 623 Second St.; near
" Buchanan. " '■:.-
FLAT and cottage Ito let; Bryant and Juni-
per sts. Apply to owner, MRS. L. LOUGH-
■ RAN, 919 Bryant sty-. • v ■ ■- ,-,.. : ...v ,-:'<* 2
FLATS— Upper, flat, 4 choice sunny rooms I $13
1120 Broadway. . *
GROVE, 4-rooxn flat ' rent $11. .
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
HANDSOME modern flat, 7 rooms, bath and
ba-sement; 1605 McAllister st., near Devisa-
dero; cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
HARRISON, 3041. opp. Eighteenth— Two sunny
flats; 3 and 4 rooms; rent $9 and $10.
JACKSON, 3601. southwest corner of Spruce-
Lower flat, 4 sunny rooms, kitchen and bath;
fireplaces and grates; gas; presses; yard, etc.;
separate entrance; unobstructed view of the
bay; adults preferred; $20 a month.
LEAVEN WORTH, 1623— Flat of 5 rooms; hot
and cold water; bath; rent $14.
MINNA. 637, between Seventh and Eighth-
Nice, clean sunny flat 3 rooms, $10.
MISSION, ISISA, near Eleventh— 6 sunny rooms,
bath, laundry; rent $20.
i\LY 2 of modern flats left; Washington and
Baker; rent cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
SCOTT. 2038, cor. Seeramento— Sunny upper cor-
ner flat, 8 rooms, attic; reasonable.
SUNNY flat 4 rooms and bath; rent $16. 508
Grove st., near Octavla.
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms; modern. Apply
514 Hermann St., near Webster.
TO LET— $l2; upper flat, 6 rooms: bath and
large basement; electric cars pass the door.
3905 Twenty-fourth st., near Sanchez.
$12-sl4— Best for the money; 2 sunny upper flats.
606 D Shotwell st.
$14— NEW flat 6 rooms, hath. 61 Pond St..
between Noe and Sanchez, Sixteenth and
Seventeenth.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Olen
Park aye., $13, $14, $15. $18 and $23 80. DEMP-
STER. 36 Olen Park aye., off Twelfth gt.
FURNISHED FLATS.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat, five rooms; for
tha summer; no children. Box M 2, Call offlce.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BARTLETT, 134—2 or 3 furnished sunny rooms
for light housekeeping; reasonable.
BRYANT, 430— Nice large clean sunny room,
complete for housekeeping, $9 a month.
BUSH, 675 — 3 large well furnished rooms, front;
first floor, with bath. $22 60; also nicely fur-
nished front suite and bath, $15.
CLAY, 1026— 3 large rooms, -unfurnished, for
housekeeping; good order; $8 60.
EIGHTH, 36, near Market— Unfurnished, 2
large sunny front rooms; bath; cheap.
EIGHTH, 246— Large sunny front housekeeping
room, bath, $8.
ELLIS, 518—2 housekeeping rooms; $15.
ELLIS, 618—2 sunny front rooms; bath, gas;
private family; rent moderate.
FIRST, 369— Housekeeping and single rooms;
all sunny; very reasonable.
FOLSOM, 974 — Sunny complete housekeeping
rooms; double or single; rent cheap; quiet
family.
FOLSOM. 1581—8 furnished housekeeping rooms;
lower floor; one bay window; good for dress-
maker; rent $12.
FOLSOM, 2848—8 or 4 sunny housekeeping
rooms, unfurnished, with gas stove; cheap;
without children.
FOURTH. 316— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
reasonable.
ForRTH. 329— Furnished or unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping; also single; cheap.
GEARY. 1917— For adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN Gate, 640— Nicely furnished aunny
apartments of 2, 3 or 4 rooms; single.
HOWARD, 741—2 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping. $10 month; also bay-window
room.
HOWARD, 831— Sunny unfurnished basement
to let; rent $10.
HOWARD, 1059V4— Sunny conpletely furnished
housekeeping; also double and single rooms.
GUERRERO, 1147, near Twenty-fourth— Sunny
front room, bedroom and kitchen, $12.
HOWARD, 1755— Front back parlor for house-
keeping; also other rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 2337V4— 3 sunny rooms completely
furnished, $12.
JESSIE, 373, near Market st. — Housekeeping
suites, $7, $10 and $16; private family.
LARKIN, 433— Nicely furnished bay-window
housekeeping rooms.
LEAVEN WORTH, 615—2 rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; reasonable.
LEWIS, 18, off Taylor, near Post— Furnished
room and kitchen; reasonable.
McALLISTER, 340 — 2 sunny rooms; furnished
for housekeeping.
MINNA, 28— Front sunny housekeeping rooms;
piano free.
MINNA, 322— Housekeeping rooms; 2 or 3 fur-
nished^ m
MINNA, 625— Two unfurnished sunny rooms.
MINNA, 734— Large front room and kitchen for
housekeeping; no children.
MISSION. 1063— Clean sunny rooms; housekeep-
ing and others; week or month; very cheap.
MISSION, 915H — 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; also front suite.
MISSION, 1320, near Ninth— Nice large sunny
front housekeeping rooms, $9 and $6 a month.
NATOMA, 103— Nice furnished rooms for light
housekeeping.
NATOMA, 645—8 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; rent reasonable.
NINTH, 21— Large sunny bay-window rooms
complete for housekeeping, $S; running
water; gas.
OAK, 119—2 large sunny parlors, complete for
light housekeepg, cheap; also single room, $5.
PAGE, 21—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping, $7 per month; furnished rooms,
$6 up.
PAGE. 434 — 3 sunny rooms and bath, partly
furnished. Call from 10 to 12 a. m.
POLK. 1643—3 newly furnished large sunny
front rooms for housekeeping: rent $20.
POST, 1427— Very reasonable furnished front
alcnve room: modern conveniences.
SECOND, 420— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
sun all day; reasonable.
SEVENTH, 653— 58 B0; 4 large sunny rooms.
SHIPLEY, 259—4 or 8 housekeeping rooms, }S
and $12. Inquire on premises or of owner,
1151 Guerrero St.
SIXTH. 227— Sunny front housekeeping suite
and other rooms; reasonable.
SIXTH. 310— Kitchen, dining-room and front
bedroom; rent reasonable.
SIXTH, 314 — Front bay-window suite, fur-
nished, with kitchen, for housekpng. ; rent $12.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $9 per month.
THIRD, 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; first floor; hot, cold water; bath; gas.
THIRD, 840—2 rooms, complete for housekeep-
ing; rent $8.
TURK, 201— Two front rooms for housekeeping;
corner house; gas and bath; $16.
TURK, 543— Large front room, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $11.
TWENTY- THIRD, 3728, near Dolores— Sunny
bay-window room for housekeeping.
VALENCIA. 280— A furnished sunny front suite,
with use of kitchen; also single rooms; rent
reasonable; references exchanged.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE or 5 pleasant sunny rooms, furnished
housekeeping: nice grounds: central. 615 loth.
ROOMS TO LET]
AT 609 Hyde, Sutter 716-717-719 — Furnished and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. ; trunks
moved to any part of city, 25c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleaaant
eunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; termt reasonable.
AT 52 Second St.— Nice clean single, double and
light housekeeping rooms; $1 a week and up.
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny rooms; preUy view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
BOHEMIA— 239 Post — Newly furnished; all
conveniences; central; $3 50 week up.
BRYANT, 458— A small sunny furnished room,
with bath; cheap.
BUSH, 910— Nice large sunny room, with or
without small kitchen: gas stove, running
water; nice location; board optional.
BUSH, 2609V5. i> ear Scottj-Sunny room; new
flat; use of parlor; privilege of light house-
keeping; also hall bedroom; cheap.
CHEAP sunny rooms can be had at 472 Stev-
enson street, corner Sixth.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S. $10 mo.
EDDY. 118 — Pleasant clean sunny rooms $6 up;
good home for ~ulet people.
EDDY, 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms. $5 a month and up.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— Flrst-claBS sunny
rooms and suites for gants, $1 60 to $8 week.
ELLIS, 518— Sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished, (15.
ROOMS TO Continued.
ELLIS, 637, corner Larkin— Pleasant newly fur-
nished rooms; single and double; reasonable;
bath. . ;-• ■ • y . . , ■ • ■ .-.
FIFTH, 314— a week; large sunny furnished
room; bath; private; call Monday.
FOLSOM, 766^—2 large sunny furnished rooms
to let very reasonable.
FOLSOM, 820. near Fourth— sl a week and up;
. sunny furnished rooms. "
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
, rooms to let. •
GEARY, 37S— Sunny furnished room; private
family; rent reasonable.
GEARY, 656 — Handsome front parlor, suites,
single and double rooms; light housekeeping.
GEARY, ■ 622— Nice sunny single room. $8
month; also handsome. front room; gentlemen.
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard—
Sunny rooms, moderate; also housekeeping. .
GLOBE House. &21 Howard— Per night. 250 to
$1; week. $1 to *4; reading-room; Howard car*.
HANCOCK House, 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 914^, bet. Fifth and Sixth sts—
Pleasant front room suitable for 2; private
family.
HARRISON, 925— Furnished large front room
with kitchen, $8; or small front room with
bath and closets, $4.
HOWARD. 959— Nice rooms from $4 to $5 a
month In a quiet family.
HOWARD. 10S5— Front and back parlors and
hall bedroom; rent cheap.
HOWARD, ISC6, corner Fourteenth— sunny
front rooms; rent $S.
HYDE, 1106— "The Victoria." nicely furnished
rooms with or without board.
JESSIE, 618, near Seventh — sunny front
bay-window room, newly furnished.
JONES, 301— Sunny front rooms nicely fur-
nished; board if desired; private family.
LARKIN, 1200 — Sunny front rooms; $4 and
up. +
MARKET. 1032— Thoroughly renovated newly
furnished sunny rooms, i suites or single,
suitable for offices or doctor; also housekeep- j
Ing, $6 up.
MCALLISTER, 1270—2 elegantly furnished sun-
ny rooms; 1 alcove; bath.
MINNA, 460— Single furnished room, with large j
closet; rent $4 a month.
MINNA, .667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished I
bay-window room, $1 per week.
MISSION, 763— A fine large furnished front
room for 2 gentlemen, $9 month.
MISSION. 1226— Nice large sunny parlor; piano,
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
MISSION, 1512—3 sunny furnished rooms.
MORRIS aye., 119—4 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
MORRIS aye., 121—3 sunny rooms; rent cheap.
N ATOM A, 282%, near Fourth— 2 unfurnished !
front rooms.
OCTAVIA st. and Linden aye.— A furnished
sunny front room; first floor; rent $5.
O'FARRELL. New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 402, corner Taylor— Sunny fur-
nished rooms; front: reasonable; also unfur-
nished suite.
O'FARRELL, Light sunny rooms at $6 per
month and upward.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished room*. 75c
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POLK, 17 — Sunny front double or single rooms,
$1 to $3 a week.
POST, 385— Large front room and back room,
suitable for 2 men; gas; cheap.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
class in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POST. 2436. near Broderick— front room i
or back parlor, bath, with or without board. j
POWELL, — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,
single or en suite, cheap; see them.
"RANDOLPH," Post and Mason— Bay-window 1
parlors and suites; smaller rooms; $1 50 to $4.
SACRAMENTO, 1365—3 rooms; separate en-
trance; good yard; rent $7.
SEVENTH. 136— Front rooms, nicely furnished, j
$1 per week.
SEVENTH, 328 — nice sunny unfurnished !
rooms; rent cheap.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2! Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER State House, 16-18 Mason st.— Fur-
nished rooms; single, $1 50 to $3 a week;
suites, $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transient solic-
it*; 1 ; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE,
proprietor. .
SIXTEENTH, 2009, near Mission— Front room
and use of kitchen for 2, $8.
STEVENSON, 1204—2 sunny unfurnished rooms,
$4 per month.
SUTTER, 1148 — sunny rooms, or as offices;
bay window, gas, baths; running water; mod.
SUTTER, 650— Parlor floor; sunny; suitable for
physician; rent reasonable,
SUTTER, 1111— Nice front suites, $12 month;
single rooms, $5; very desirable neighborhood.
TAYLOR, 207— Furnished sunny rooms, $6 per
month up; bath and gas. . .
TAYLOR, 524— Sunny corner suite on first floor,
with or without kitchen and dining-room; all
completely or partially furnished as de-
sired.
TEHAMA. 740. near Ninth— Sunny furnished
rooms, suitable for married or single.
THE new Philadelphia House, 935V4 Howard—
Neatly furnished rooms; reasonable.
THIRD, 18— First floor; 6 rooms; all or sepa-
rately.
THREE neat sunny furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable. Apply 15% Langton, off Howard,
near Seventh.
TURK, 19— Nicely furnished rooms; suites;
also single rooms.
TURK, 126— Two unfurnished Bunny front
rooms; suitable for light housekeeping; no
children. .'{■ .-•>->,:
TURK, Large front bay-window room,
suitable for man and wife.
TURK, 405— Front sunny furnished rooms; $8
up; bath.
TURK, 639— Nice sunny single and double
rooms In private family, $6 month up.
2 LARGE and one single furnished rooms in
a private family; no other roomers; on Bush
St., near Jones: best references required.
Box 638. Call office. - -
$4 A MONTH, sitting and bed room combined;
sunny; furnished; gentleman. Box 375, Call.
115 LARKIN Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
ROOMS \.il> I BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything |
new, cheerful; first-class every respect: board !
optional. The Sirlus. 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars ;
BOARD and room in refined home for 2 gentle- j
men or married couple, $18 each monthly;
large garden, flowers. 2824 Mission st.
CENTRAL aye., 404, adjoining Panhandle—
Sunny rooms, with bent of board: references.
ELLIS, 518— Nicely furnished rooms; best
board; $5 per week.
PINE, 813. near Powell— Room,- with board;
Spanish family. - '■ ■ ' .
PINE, 843, near Powell— Sunny room In refined
family; board optional. .
BCUTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnished, beautiful sunny Market-at.
suites, with board for 2, $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly. '_'$
BUTTER, 112S — Changed hands; large sunny
- rooms, also single rooms, with or without
board; home cooking and comforts, In private
house; rates to visitors.
SUTTER. 767— Elegant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional • board; select location; reasonable. 1
TURK. Furnished rooms with board, $4 50
per week and up. ; -■ . ■ ■ ■
VAN NESS aye., 808— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric llchts, bath, with board;
terms moderate. ■':-!*':■*.; .i\-.:,.-:
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
. Subscription* and ads taken. • r*- -:-.
CHILDREN BOARDED. '
WIDOW would board 1 or 2 small children
... or Infant. . 3279 Seventeenth st., near Mission.
WANTED— or two children to board; good
' care and home; terms low. 1908 Sutter st.
LADY would lllfe children to board; good home,
country-like; fine eggs. 912 Crescent ave.;-,^ :
WIDOW would like two children to board;
good home and care. 51 Clara st. ■■;
JESSIE, l Good home for Infant or 1 or 2
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board; a
mother's care; > references. 234V4 Sixth »t. . ,
FOR EXCHANGE. ■
BOARD, central. In exchange for trade in dry
goods store. Box 573, Call office.
~ PHYSICIANS. c
,■•'.'.,..- -./.■ ■ ..-.--■ ." -* y~. ■■ -_■_ _ j- ■■_ ___-_ _- y_- ■ <
DR. C. C. : O'DONNELL,' office and residence,
1206 J/arket; diseases of women a specialty.
- ;. '
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all case* of
monthly irregularities <from whatever cause)
In a' few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed: no instruments used;
1 home In confinement; pills and capsules, $1;
every case guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 6 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments ised; guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5. 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted: travelers treated: no
delay: self-cure tent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. PA VIES. 59 McAllister
St.; pills. $1; very strong. $2: cure. $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and pure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box. sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. S3
Grant aye., S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other r Bend 4c stamps for particulars,
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail; at
druggists. ChtehesteT Chemical Co., Phlla.
DR. WINTERS & Dr. Schwartz. 852 Castro cor.
7th. Oakland: reliable practitioners; home in
confinement: guar'td cure for all female dis-
eases from whatever cause; diagnosis free.
NEW process: a great progress in medical
science for female trouble: no matter from
what cause: no medicine or instruments
•used: restores in one day without fail; every
woman her own physician: away, disgrace;
consultation free: can be sent and used at
home: by the. well known DR. POPPER, SIS
Kearny st. Call on a man physician.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye., private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price:
$1 50; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
! ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal.
NORTH Beach Sanitarium, 1412 Mason st. pri-
vate home In confinement; competent physi-
cians and nurses: trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1020 Market
St.: monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
MRS. ARCHARD. midwife: home in confine-
ment; confinement alone $5. 156 Second st.
DR. HALL, 9 McAllister st.: diseases of
women and children. '
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 254V4 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrappers, for mailing. j
!■' - - — "
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering: sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue. __
AT the School of Elocution and Expression;
first floor over the Alcazar Theater; summer
term begins this month: for teachers and
students; 1-5 p. m. daily. MRS. MAY
JOSEPHI-KINCAID. Principal.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.: life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market St.
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry. B. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C 2407 S. Atherton.
nr.Channing way, Berkeley for circular
! ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve. ;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
j LAW Schools, 906 Broadway, Oakland; 8 Eddy
st., city, room 59; day and night.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
SHORTHAND taught in one month; terms $10;
I students should Investigate. 712 Van Ness.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
i Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set 'of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
" teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, M>c; crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth. $5 up;
painless extraction; fillings, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 969 Mis-
sion St., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'FarreU.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. -
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 60 a year.
~ HORSES.
FOR SALE— Fine lot of mules and horses. 426
Valencia st.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth st.; auction sales ivery Wednes-
day. . SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards. 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
„ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
20, TEN ' and four-passenger wagonettes,
leather-top hack, physician's coupe and vil-
lage cart suitable for country. O'BRIEN &
SONS, Golden Gate aye. and Polk st.
FOR SALE— business buggies cheap. 908
Golden Gate aye.
I FINEST camp wagon on the. coast; 6 berths;
i convenient as home. 1175 Valencia st.
i GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and
second-hand and new wagon: ■ cheap. Bull"
Head Repository. Fifteenth .nd Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and nicies. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and mi'k wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack 828 Harrison St.
STORES TO LET.
— $20; corner store, with living rooms; stable;
Eddy st., $12. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
HOWARD. 1802. corner Fourteenth — 2
living rooms, suitable for barber; rent cheap.
STORE, fixtures and 4 rooms. 23 Clementina.
TO Let— First floor of building, 1010 Howard St.,
near Sixth; 37:6x90 feet; 2 large lofts: suitable
for stable, milk depot, factory, storage, etc.
TO Let— Butcher shop, completely fitted: cor.
Cortland and Andover ayes. Apply 440 Cort-
land aye. .
$15— STORE and room : good for dressmaker,
I . .bakery, or tailor. .Apply 355 Fifth st. .;.;••-,■'
~~~7. OFFICES TO~LET.
•SUNNY corner rooms for offices. 672 Mission
St.. cor. Third.
FACTORIES TO LET. ~
MISSION, 679, opp. Wells-Fargo' s Express-
Second floor; power available for . straw
works, paper box, shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
LEGAL NOTICES. ~
RAILROAD Consolidation— to the
. •tatute in such case made and provided, no-
tice is hereby given thi.t the Southern Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Northern Rail-
way Company, the Northern California Rail-
way Company and the ■ California Paclflo
Railroad Company, railroad corporations in-
corporated and existing under the laws of
the State of California, upon the written con-
cent, of the stockholders holding more than
. three-fourths In value of all the stock of each
of said corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors ot
•aid corporations, made and entered into In
accordance with such consent, and pursuant
to the statute in such case made , and pro-
vided, did. on the 14th day of April. A. D.
.1898. amalgamate o"d consolidate their capital
•took, debts, property, assets and franchisee
under the corporate name and style of the
'• Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
«***« J. L. WILLCTJTT,
; Secretary of , the Southern Pacific Railroad 1
, Company.
■/; San Francisco, Cal., May 6, 1898.
1314
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For the repair of bituminous
rocK pavements- Orhce 01 the Clerk of the j
Board of supervisors of the City and County I
of San Francisco, June 8. IS9B.
In accordance with resolution No. 1242 (fourth
series) 01 the Hoard oi Supervisors, SEALED j
PROPOSALS will be received in open session
of the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON,
June 20. lSf.s. irom 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for repair- ]
ing and keeping in good order and condition,
ntire satisfaction of the Superintendent ■
o: Streets and ot the Board of Supervisors, all
or portions of streets, including street ■
ctviKinga and intersections, which are now or
may be hereafter paved with bituminous rock, i
lor a term of two (2) years from July 1, IsSS, !
to and including June 30, 1900.
The repairs are to be made in strict accord- 1
ance with specifications on fila and open for !
inspection In this office.
A list in' etivftt; and street crossings, etc., I
now paved With bituminous rock, and which !
Will require 10 be K.-pt in repair, as above '
,> also on lilt* and open [or inspection
in this office, and all streets or portions of
streets pa\ ed with bituminous rock and accept-
the city and county, are Included and
must lie put in good condition and kept In
thorough repair, whether they are recited in l
said list or not. All streets and street cross-
numerated In said list must be put in ,
repail and condition within a period of
three months from award of contract, and J
must be kept in good repair until the expira-
: the contract; la addition to all streets
itreets pa\e t i with bituminous!
rock and accepted by the city and county dur-
ing the continuance of the contract, except
only such streets or portions of streets where
a bond baa been and is in force for keep-
ing the same In repair; also, those portions of j
streets required b> law to be kept in repair by
the street railway companies having tracks <
N' 'TlCE— Bidders must state a specific sum
for Which the entire work will be performed, :
with the understanding that monthly payments !
will he made therefor to the extent of one- !
twenty-fourth of the sum bid. on a certificate I
from the Superintendent of Streets, approved I
by the Board Of Supervisors, that the work is
- LtiSfactorily performed.
Bidders will also be required to file with
their bid a description of and the character of
the plant owned by them, with a chemical an-
alysls and a sample of the bituminous rock to
be used in carrying out and performing the
work under this cVntract.
And It is to be distinctly understood that
eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
ployed on the above Work, and that
ibe minimum rate of wages to be paid shall
be two 'Sl!i dollars per day; also, that the
ti.i to be given will not be
less than one-half the amount bid for the per-
[ormance of this work.
No bi<! will be received or entertained from
any person, firm or corporation who does not
own a fully equipped plant sufficient for the
■ ■ of this work.
The part) to whom the contract is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of tfie '
execution of smd contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three daily news-
In ord^r to preserve uniformity and to facil-
itate tin- award, the hoard has resolved to re-
no bills unless made upon blank forms
ptepared bj the committee, and a certified
sum of fixe thousand (t5000) dol-
favor of and made payable to the Cleric i
■ 1. must be deposited by the bid-
der, conditioned, if the proposal Is accepted and '
tract awarded, and If the bidder shall
fall or neglect to execute a written agreement
mul give the bond required within six (6) days •
the a war.) is made, then, and in that i
the .--an! sum shall be (.aid Into the city i
tina county treasury by said Clerk as liqul- ■
dated damages for such failure and neglect
nks furnished by the clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
T TO CONTRACTORS- Pursuant .to~aa !
order of the Board of Trustees of the State
ial School of San Diego, California, no-
tlce is hereby p-iven that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until io o'clock
a m. of June 24. UK. for furnishing the I
materials nnd performing the lal>or necessary
for th-> erection and completion of the c en-
.rar portion of the San Diego State Normal
Iding.
irate proposals w-11l be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
performing the labor neces-
Far> for each of the following parts of said
huildlmr. to wit: 1, For the masonry work
inf-ludine all brick, concrete and cement
work and nil necessary excavations and nil-
ing: 2. 'or the iton work; 3, for the carpenter
plastering, electric and glazing work- 4 for
th- plumbing and gas-fitting w..rk: 5. 'for the
titin: Llvanlsed iron work; 6, for
painting ami varnishing.
No ;: posal will 1"> considered unless ac-
eompanled with a bond of su<-h proposer
fnt of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con- 1
-•■•'■^r<l that If his proposal shall be ac- I
I he will duly enter Into a proper con-
Each proposal must be made on blanks
furnished fi r that purple, and. together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed in !
tressed to the Trustees
n Diego, with an I
mil r ■ reon showing what portion
of the bui '!!".■-' is covered hy the inclosed pro- '
; : •■■ the Merchants' Na-
Uonal 1 ink of San Di--g... California, before'
1 lo«-l 1 of June 24. IBW.
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based therein will be made on
June !4. 1898. Bt 1" o'clock a. m., at room 35
FiFher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Caii-
■ :a.
-ontractors to whom contracts are
awarded will be required to file with said
i .- cood and sufficient bond to the
amour 1 of ZS per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his
The plan? and specifications of sa ld bulld-
ir.p can be seen during business hours at the
of Hebb*™" & Gill, architects. Grant i
bulldinsr. San Diero, California.
The Board of Trustees reserves the right
n any or all proposals made.
rmal School of San Diego, Call-
■
By W. R. OUT. President Roard Trustees
i;ERT C. JONES, Beoretary.
J'.II'S Wan- ■ ■ hereby given that'
will be re. eived by the Board
•he Veterans' Home Aseocia-
•• room IS, 320 Sansome st..
San Francisco, cal.. up to 10 o'clock a. m ..
■ ZS, l l^. and opened Imme- ,
ly thereafter in the presence nf bidders.
tor furnishing and delivering quartermaster
find commissary supplies for the Veterans'
Kapa Comity, CaL (railroad station
Yountvllle), for the six months commencing ;
July 1. IV'S, and ending December 01. ISM
"i!es with Information and Instructions
submitting bids will be furnished upon
application hy the undersigned. Bidders will
efully follow the conditions of the j
lules, and no bid will be considered un-
less it Is in accordance with such schedules.
bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified ch^ck upon some well known and re-
sponsible hanking house for at least 10 ;>«r
amount of his bid, payable to J.
C Currier, treasurer, conditioned thnt the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract \ipon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Veter- '
ans" Home Association, room 13. 320 Sansome ;
pt., San Francisco, Cal. By order of the j
Board of DJrectors.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA FRT'IT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned California
fruit as follows:
MONTREAL. June 11— Plums— Clyman, Jl 2r. !
10, average Jl 85. Peaches — Alexander, boxes,
16, average $1 M; single crate*. $1 75^ .
2 JO, average $1 90; see.iling. $1 65<J1 90. aver- I
71; Newcastle. {1 i-nfil 75. average $1 72. j
NEW YORK. 'June 11- Cherries— Black Tar- I
tartan, 3Scsl or-, average $1 12; Royal Anna. Bfic |
'.I*l 70, average SI: B'gereau. 9.">eiisl li. aver- !
gt « 09, Two ' ars sold. j
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, June 11.
Ptmr Columbia. Goodall, — hours from Port-
land, via Astoria.
SAILED.
Saturday. June 11.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing, Fort Bragg.
I >< i.VKSTIC PORTS.
COOS BAT Sailed June 11— Stmr Empire, j
foi San Francisco.
NEW HAVEN Sailed June 11-S^hr Bessie:
X, for Sm;i l-'rani ll
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
PHILADELPHIA — Sailed June 11 — Stmr '
Rhynland, for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 11— Stmr Massa- !
tts, for London; stmr Maasdam, for Rot-
tiTiiam: stmr Etruria, for Liverpool; stmr La
Tmiraine. for Havre; stmr Victoria, for Lon-
dr.n; stmr Berlin, for Southampton; stmr Bul-
garia, for Hamburg; stmr Island, for Copen-
hagen: stmr Britannia, for Marseilles.
land, from Philadelphia.
NAPLES Bailed June 8 -Stmr Alesla. for
New York
HAVRE Sailed June 11— Stmr La Navarre, ,
for New York.
ANTWERP -Sailed June 11— Stmr Southwark,
fur .New V'rk; stmr Noari.
LIVERPOOL Bailed June 11-Stmr rmbrla, '
f( r New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 11— Stmr
Westernland, from New York; stmr Koenlgcn
Luis, from Now York.
MAKRIAGK LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows: .'
J< Im A. Pett and Perry Annie Duncan. . .22-19 i
Jacobs and Augusta Losaman 43-36
and Aurora Baldrama...4l-S2 I
Honnan Zwe|^ and Catherine Humbert 46-44 1
Will .in A. cnniky and Phoebe Wise J5-J5
Manly c. li-.irns and Florence Younglove..f}-t0
Alfred G. Ehmann and ("lara A't'nger B-Jfl
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATM~
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence of
persons, authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BLOTE— In this city, June 4, 1898, to the wife
of H. F. B. Blote, a son.
CARMICHAEL— In this city, June 2, Ig9B, to
the wife of F. A. Carmlchael, a daughter.
! CRAIG— May. 29. 1898, to the wife of A. E.
Craig, a daughter. . • •-■
! DOZIER— Modesto, June 6, 1898. to the wife
of E. C.' Dozier. a daughter.
DESMOND— In this city, June S. 1898. to the
- wife of T. Desmond, a daughter.
; EGAN— In this city, June 1, 1898, to the wife of
Frank J. Egan, a son.
j FRANCESCO ViCH— In this city, June 6, 1898,
to the wife of F. Francescovich. a son.
' HANSEN— In this city, June 9. 1898. to the wife
of Captain C. C. Hansen, a daughter.
HOLZKAMP-June. 6. 189 S. to the wife of
Charles C. Holzkamp, a daughter.
KUHLS— In this city, June 9, 1898, to the wife
of Henry Kuhls, a daughter.
j LARKINS— this city, June 10. 1898, to the
wife of James A. Larkins, a daughter.
I LAYDON— In this city. June 7. 1898, to the wife
j of Darby Laydon, a daughter.
i McCOY— June 2. 1898, to the wife of Bert A.
McCoy, a son.
McENTIRE— In Brentwood. May 30, IS9S, to the
wife of John McEntlre, a son.
McGUIRE— In this city. May 22, IS9B, to the
wife of Frank J. McGuire, a son.
MAGUIRE— In this city. June 9. IS9B, to the
wife of Frank Maguire, a daughter.
MAHREN— In this city. June 7. 1898. to the
wife of James T. Mahren, a son.
MARCOTT— In Santa Cruz, June 5, 18S8. to the
I wife of J. Marcott, a son.
O'BRIEN— In this city. June 2. IR9S. to the
wife of William O'Brien, a daughter.
PFITZER— In Volta. May 26. IS3S, to the wife
Andy Pfitzer. a daughter.
ROACH— 4. IS9S, to the wife of Joseph
Roach, a son.
RIFKEN— In this city, June 10, 1898, to the
wife of H. Rlfken, a daughter.
RODGERS— In Los Angeles. April 14, 1898, to
the wife of Joseph D. Rodders, twin sons.
SMITH— On Sand Creek, June 3, 1898, to the
wife of J. B. Smith, a son.
i SALTER— In this city. June 1. 1898, to the wife
i of H. W. Salter, a daughter.
I TORRES— 26. 1898. to the wife of Albert
J. Torres, a daughter.
TROVER— In this city, May 29. 1898, to the wife
of C. W. Trover, a daughter.
WEDEKIND— In this city. May 27. 1898, to the
wife of Frank F. Wedekind. a daughter.
WILKINSON— In this city. June 8, 1898, to the
wife of H. Wilkinson, a son.
WELDY— the Vivian ranch, on the San
Joaquin River, May 20, 1898, to the wife of
James Weldy, a daughter.
MaiIHIED.
LA FAYETTE— In Burltngame, June
1, 1898, by the Rev. Horatio Stebbins, D.D.,
Fay M. La Fayette and Gladys Holtt.
DIED.
Aeger, Joseph Livingston (Infant)
Anderson. Ernest E. Melody, John W.
Antonlewicz. Jo7»flna Meyn. Mathilda
Bernard. Frank Minehan. Daniel
Carmichael, Wilhel- porter. George D.
mina C. Rledel. Hermann
Carouthers. Edwin A. Salberg, Moses
Freeman. Moses S. Seydon, Elmer E.
Galvin. Margaret Schweitzer, Madeline
Gould, Margaret Shanahan. Frank C.
Johonson, Mary Stumke, Margaret H.
Johnson, Otto Sullivan, Timothy
Kappeler, Hanna M. Threlfall. Walter T.
Keller. Charles E. Vlbert. Maxlme
Kelly, William .1. Wulbern, Henry
Kieffer. Katharine
AEGER— In Antioch, June 4, 1898, Joseph
Aeger, a native of Germany, aged 56 years.
ANDERSON— In this city, June 11, IS9S, Ernest
Edward, beloved husband of Josephine Ander-
son, a native of Stockholm. Sweden, aged 53
years 1 month and 17 days.
ANTONIEWICZ— In this city, June 8, 1898, Jo-
j zefina Antoniewicz, a native of Poland, aged
uS years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to Notre Dame dcs Victolres (French)
Church, on Bush street, between Stockton
and Dupont, where a mass will be said for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery by
e!ectrlc-car at Fourteenth and Mission streets
at 10:30 o'clock.
BERNARD— In South San Francisco. June 10,
1898, Frank, dearly beloved son of Frank and
Maria Bernard, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month.
CARMICHAEL— In this city. June 11, 1898, Wll-
helmina C, beloved daughter of Catharine
Carmichael, and sister of Jennie L. Car-
michael, a native of Montreal, Canada, aged
26 years.
CAROUTHERS — Near Murphys. June 6. 1898,
Edwin A. Carouthers. a native of California,
aged 34 years.
FREEMAN— In Modesto, June 7, ISO*. Moses
Steenberg Freeman, a native of New York,
aged 64 years 2 months and 17 days.
GALVIN— In this city. June 11, IS9S, Margaret,
beloved wife of Michael Galvin, and dearly
beloved mother of Mr«. Mary Kamena. a na-
tive of County Clare, Ireland, aged 57 years.
(New' York papers please copy.)
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to att»nd the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dent-". 11 Lucky street, off Twenty-fourth, be-
- treen Folsom street and Treat avenue, thence
to St. Piter's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem man will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Ometc*-y-
GOULD— In this city. June 11. IS«S. Margaret,
beloved daughter of John and Mary Gould, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 years and 6
month!*.
JOHONSON— In this city, at the Potrero. June
10, IS>' :- . Mary, beloved laughter of Andrew
and Jane J 1- nstoa, a nttra of San Fran-
cisco, ■ red ■■ months and II days.
E5"Th» funeral will take place this day
• Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
th? parents, 1106 Indiana street, between
Twenty-fourth and Army, Potrero. Inter-
ment Masonic
JOHNSON— In this city. June 6, ISSB, Otto, be-
loved husband of Margrette Johnson, and
father of Otto J. H. Johnson, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 71 years 4 months
and 2 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Mount Moriah
Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M. Please omit
flowers. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
KAPPELER— In this city, June 11. 1838. Hanna
Maria, beloved wife of J. Kappeler, a. native
of Denmark, aged 62 years.
KELLER— At Keller's ranch. Contra Costa
County. June 10, IS9S. Charles Edward Kel-
; ler, beloved father of Mrs. Katie Keller and
; Lena Keller, a native of Germany, aged 57
; years 1 months and 24 days.
CFrl»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Eleventh and Franklin streets,
j Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
j tery. Services under the auspices of Oak-
land Lodge No. 118, I. O. <). F.. and Oak
Leaf Lodge No. 35. A. O. U. W. Remains at
the parlors of Henry Evers, 565 Washington
street. Oakland.
KELLY— In this city, June 10. 18S8. William J.,
1 dearly beloved son of James and Ella Kelly,
brother of the late Julia, Annie and John
Kelly, and uncle of Bertie Moor, a native of
San Francisco, aged 27 years 1 month and 6
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invite! to attend th« funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3 Vincent place, between Kearny and
Montgomery. Union and Green streets,
thence to St. Francis Church, where a high
requiem maps will be held, commencing at 11
! o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
; KIEFFER— In this city. June 9, 1898. Kath-
arine, beloved wife of Charles Kieffer, and
mother of Robert, George, Hlrt and Henry
Meyer, a native of Alsace, aged 52 years 5
months and 6 days.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metier. 6*5 Washington street.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LIVINGSTON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. June 11, 189 S. Infant child of Laura Liv-
ingston, a native of California, aged 18 days.
■ MELODY— In this city, June 9, I*9B. John W.,
beloved brother of James E. Melody, a na-
1 tive of Boston, aged 3S years.
MEYN— In San Rafael, June 9, 1898, Mathilda,
dearly beloved wife of Henry Meyn. and
mother of Harry, Florence, Aline and Carl
Meyn, daughter of Mrs. M. Lcisner. and sis-
ter of Mrs. D. Wulbern and Martin Lelsner,
a native Of San Francisco, aged 34 years 7
months anil 17 days.
ir7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
■ H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mlssjon street, near
Eighth. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MINEHAN— In the city and County Hospital,
June 11. 1898. Daniel Mlnehan, a native of Ire-
land, aged 67 years.
PORTER— In this city, June 9. 1898, George
Dewey, infant nnd beloved son of Joseph W.
and May Porter, and brother of Burton, Miri-
am and I-oeralne Porter, a native of San
Francisco, aged 9 days.
RIEDEL— In this city, June 8, 1898, Hermann,
beloved husband of Dora Rledel, father of
Annie and Lizzie Rledel. and brother of B.
Goetz. . Conrad and George Rledel and Mrs.
' J. Qulnn, a native of Fauerbackvorder- Hoh,
Hessen. Darmstadt, Germany, aged .'45 years
10 months and 6 days.
(T/y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from his late
reside- 571 chestnut street, thence to Eln-
I trncht' Hall, Twelfth street, between Howard
! and Fclsom. whore services .will be held,
commeflcins at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
( of Vcre'.n Eintracht.. Members of Ernst yon
I • Bandel Lodge No. 3. O. H. *. are requested
■■ '. to attend. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery-
SALBERG— In this city, June 11, 1898, Moses
beloved husband of Nellie Salberg, a na-
tive of . Germany.
■ PTrlcnds are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 10:15
. o'clock, from his late residence. 1311 Octavla
street. Interment private. . Please omit flow-
■ ers. , - v . f  . ■ ...-v;,' ...>■
6EYDON— ln. this city, June 10, 1898. Elmer E.
youngest and beloved son of Arnold R. and
Annie Seydon. and brother of Arthur and
Arnold Seydon. a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 7 days. ' .
. (CTFricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock,. from the residence of
his parents, 415 Hayes street, between dough
and Octavla, Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. .
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
SCHWEITZER— In this city, June 9, 1898,
Madeline Edna, dearly beloved and only
child of Francis X. and Anna Schweitzer,
and granddaughter of Mrs. A. McNerney and
Sebastian Schweitzer, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 4 months and 30 days.
IC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 1032 Bryant street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . v
SHANAHAN— In this city. June 11. 1898. Frank
Coombs Shanahan, a native of Shasta, Cal.,
aged 7 years 4 months and 27 days.
STUMKE— In this city. June 10. IS9S, Margaret
Helena, beloved wife of Henry G. Stumke.
mother of Henry, Millie. John. Gussle. Eddie
and Alice Stumke and Mrs. Mattie Williams,
and sister of John and Frederick Williamson.
Mrs. Mary Gallagher. Mrs. Fannie McDevitt
and Mrs. Catherine Yetter. a native of San
Francisco, aged 40 years 1 month and 24 days.
(Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
(t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to r.ttend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, «8 East avenue. Holly Park, thence to
St. Mary's College Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STLLIVAN— In this city, June 11. 1898. Tim-
othy, beloved husband of the late Johanna
Sullivan, and father of Daniel, Matthew,
Timothy J., Julia. Margaret and James Sul-
livan. Mrs. F. Norton and Mrs. F. Querren.
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 59
years.
ET^Frlonds and acquaintances and members
of Frnnklln Lodge No. 44, A. O. U. W., are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-nn rrow (Monday), at S:3O o'clock, from his
late residence. "3S Linden avenue, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
THRELFALL— Near Orange Blossom Colony,
June 7, 1898, Walter Thomas Threlfall, a na-
tive of California, aged 29 years.
VIBERT— At Paralso Springs. June 7. 18SS.
Maximc beloved husband of Marie Vibert, a
native of France, aged 71 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, MX Valencia street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, thence to Druide' Temple.
413 Sutter street, where services will be held
under the auspices of Perseverance Grove
No. 10. IT. A. O. D. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
WULBERN— In Oakland. June 11, 189 S. Henry
Wulbern. brofher of Christopher Wulbern.
and uncle of Dledrlch Wulbern, a native of
Bremervoerde. Germany, aged S9 years. A
member of the Hanoverian Vereln.
[t^Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
f Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
Henry Evers, 885 Washington street. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS A. EJIBALMEM I
it liiTH BT.. Opp. Lincoln Bsno»l. '
Telephone. South 80. I
JAS BNOL.IBH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKKKS AND ESJBALMEKa
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Neva aye., near Market at.. Sap
Francisco. Telephone So. ICit.
H. C. BUNKER & CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
2666 Mission St. Mission Mnsonic Temple.
Telephone Mission 75.
Eetab. IMS Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funerni Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady kssixlants. Spacious chape, for the uu
of out patrons Rubber tires on our ambulanc*.
DOG MEN STILL
IN A SAD MUDDLE.
MEET TO TRY TO STRAIGHTEN
THINGS.
The Pacifies Drop an Honorary Mem
ber and Retire .a Delegate — Im
portant Decisions and Plans.
The directors of the San Francisco Ken
nel Club mot on Thursday last to deter
mine on their attitude toward the Pacific
Advisory Board as at present constituted.
The P. A. 8., as the board is known fa
miliarly, is under a cloud temporarily, a
petiticfn for its disbandment having been
presented to the American Kennel Club
by the delegate of the Sai. Francisco
Club, Colojiel C. B. Knocker. The only
decision- arrived at by the latter dub was
to continue the status quo until Colonel
Knocker's charges had been adjudicated
by the A. K. I .
The Pacific Advisory Board held a meet
ing the same night, or rather some of the
members did so. for. as usual, a quorum
was lacking. The members present decid
ed, informally and Individually, that they
would ignore Colonel Knocker's charges
altogether.
The Pacific Mastiff Club neld Its
monthly meeting last night, and its
meeting was enlivened by growls. A i"og
belonging to a new member. L. W. Neu
stader's Tiger, was discussed and the
points awarded him according to the club
standard. The judging as tar as accom
plished took in, first, general character
and symmetry (maximum U points); sec
ond, general description of head and gen
eral description of body (maximum 10
points)' third, skull (maximum 10 points).
The judging will be continued at the next
meeting.
Dr. C. A. Longest of Boston. Mass.,
was elected an honorary member.
Erastus Hamilton of New York was de
clared to have forfeited his honorary
membership. It was also resolved that
the office of delegate to the American
Kennel Club was vacant, fcj\ Hamilton
having forfeited the same by reason of
inefficiency.
Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn, the president of the
club, was unanimously elected as a com
mittee of one to select a new delegate
for nomination to the club.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Siebrand, Vallejo J M Pratt & w, Seattle
A Hagerty. Minn W I> Conrad. V S A
C H Dunn, Sacto S Newell. Stockton
T Huntinßton. Sacto .1 Davendorf, S Jose
C M Blair, h Ang A Uurbank. S Jose
II Dalton, Marysvllle A de Rochetrun Jr
J R Miller. Healdsbfr San Jose
J \V Jenkins. Cal d McKee. S Jose
A H Hall, Cal T Hamilton. Salem
B C Carrol, Stockton E A Forsyth. Duluth
T P Adams. Stockton J C Tlce. Cal
C Siehrand&w. Vallejo W H Lumsden, S Rosa
J E (Joßne, New Orlns X Cunningham, Oakld
O \Y Ely, Montgomery T Clark, Placerville
J E Onvan, Sacto L Eniery Jr, Brackford
N I, Ci>le, Wash Mm Mann. Stanford
F (Jarritson & s. Mo Mrs Mann Stanford
J P Stewart. Mo J E Mason. Cal
J Wilson, Portervllle V O Prince. S Cruz
S Million. Portersville W P Rogers U S A
H W Cr.ibh, ('al J W Bubb, I' S A
C Morton & w. Sacto X F Schaw, Sacto
J Gartlngton, i: S A II G Milvln. Sacto
J W Rhudy, USA E A Oiessler Cal
C E McSwaln. S Clara P Sweed, Petaiuma
R Alderman. S Clara A. W Drummond. Cal
J M Hriinks, 1, Ante Gen Cadwallader. Cal
F C Gibbons, Stockton (I A Cullen, Chicago
J Danlelson. Suisun F. W Grund, Chicago
Miss DaiileUon. Suisun H C Booth, S Barbara
T Leonard. Pa ;J F Harris Jr. Sacto
E Anderson Manitoba I M Harrls&w, Monterey
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Sheldon, Boston W Wright, Chicago
C L Knobe. Chicago J D Pope, L Ang
J X Slmes, Boston Miss Fletcher. R C
A Davies. Boston W H Sturgess, U S A
Mrs Pavies, Boston L R Sargent. USA
C Wilder, Sacto T L Leonard. Pa
Mrs Wilder, Sacto E M Carr, Seattle
J Bremner. Sacto P Thornton, Edlnburgr
Mrs Bremner. Sacto T F Swaeze, Seattle
W A Richards, Wyo C A Sheets. Toledo
J D Freeliorn. Wyo S E Burnett. Deaver
A C Richards. ( al J H Kllpatrick. Wyo
H II Pitcher. Llvrmore H Senfjstaeken. Ore
F M Van Ness. Cal Mrs w M Smith. N T
J Joyce. Hartford IF A Salisbury, Sacto
W T Kearney. S CnizlL M Herman. Chicago
M C Sellgman, N V I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G W Heffner. Chgo T W Clark, V S N
N Ford, Denver C E Ely, Fresno
S McKinn & fm, Sac H Demmlck, S Louis
M E Harris, Oakland J E Hadler, Vallejo
H Choynski. F Baker H E Mlddleton, N T
O W Counsll, Corning I I Wile, ti 8 N
E C Love. & w.Selma B C Bajfter, Lodl
M Kohn, NY RE Carter, Montreal
Mrs J Young, Seattle M C McOuen, Portld
H E O'Neal. Sacto W Thomlson, Boston
E Peterson. N V R Rucker. Phila
H X Clark. NY J E Downing. Perm
H Maca, Chicago j Downing, Maine
W D Davis. Chicago p E Blazo, Stockton
J Schilling, Goat Is R B Parker, Englnd
G H Laney, St LAuis E N Sharp, St Louis
J B Barr, Ottawa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G H Jones, Saeto O M Bradley, Sacto
G B Calder, Providence F Weldman. Merced
W Stark, New York G Badenhauer, Oakdale
Dr. D ComUkey, Cal J Barker, Reno
G Cartwright. Alameda Mrs N I*tnd, Stockton
F Wldar, San Jose R D Tlmmona, Toronto
J C Wright. San Diego A M Fulton, Toronto
C L Nichols, Los Ang D L Rutledge. Ca!
J F Coleman, Phoenix jMlss M Toohey, Sacto
R Jordan, Butte IW A Bender, Cal
Every week a car of eggs is shipped
from St. Marys, Kan., and it takes 61,200
eggs to make up such a load.
GENERAL BARILLAS LOSES
HIS VAST FORTUNE
SQUANDERS HIS PATRIMONY
ON A FAIR SAN FRANCISCAN.
An Estate of Nearly Five Millions
Seized to Satisfy Claims of
Creditors.
Ex-Presldent Barillas of Guatemala,
whose gay career and spendthrift habits
are familiar to the people of two conti
nents and whose penchant for lavishing
money on his lady-loves was notorious,
is again before the public, notwithstand
ing his retirement from public life to one
of his many estates in his native coun
try.
His reappearance comes through the re
port just made public by the committee
of creditors who took his immense prop
erties in hand last year for the purpose
of protecting his creditors. It is a plain
business statement, but it shows that the
general not only had "money to burn,"
hut that he indulged in that expensive
pastime in an amazing way.
While he is supposed to have had many
friends among the fair sex, his downfall
is attributed largely to the princely fash
ion in which he squandered his fortune
upon Miss May Taber, an attractive and
lively young woman of this city. His
greatest escapade with this damsel was a
pyrotechnic tour of Europe, during which
he literally threw money away in efforts
to please his companion.
Some of his largest creditors, knowing
his reckless conduct and fearing he would
dissipate his entire fortune, took meas
ures to force him into liquidation.
Barillas' entire properties came into
the possession of a committee of three
leading bankers of Guatemala, consisting
of Carlos Sauerberg, G. Mohr and Gustav
Meyer, as trustees for ail the creditors.
While their reports show that the general
is still solvent, it is nevertheless a start
ling exposition of his lack of business
tact and disregard of ordinary business
rules.
On the 20th of May last the appraised
value of hi 6 estate was $5,985,166 68, but
at that time the millionaire had only
$52 05 in cash. He certainly knew how to
borrow money, with or without security,
as shown by the fact that in Guatemala
he. owes $4,7(59,0t50. of which only $3,008,451 62
is secured, leaving an unsecured indebt
edness of $1,700,609 19. All these vast
claims are held by twenty-three credi
tors.
In San Francisco there are several firms
that take a painful interest in the settle
ment of the general's estate, the principal
ones being: Castle Bros., $121,205 50; P.
Vrruela & Co., $1817 92; E. 1... G. Steele &
Co., $16,767 67: aggregating $139,791 09. It
will be seen that the easy-going ex-Presi
dent succeeded in piling up a grand total
debit account of $4,845,851 90.
Barillas, though having nothing to do
with the handling of his estate, is allowed
an annual income of $12,000, American
money. He is still attached to his
charming young lady friend, who shares
his misfortunes in a hacienda a short dis
tance from the home of Mrs. Barillas.
The creditors hope that by proper man
agement the assets will be sufficient to
pay all claims, and there may be a sur
plus to turn over to the ex-President with
which to begin life anew.
THE BOY PIANIST.
Master Hassell Pleases a Large and
Critical Audience.
The Invitation recital given by the
I youthful pianist, Irwin Eveleth Hassell,
at Sherman-Clay Hall yesterday after
• noon was attended by a large and criti
! cal audience, many ot" the most prominent
! professional and amateur musicians of the
I city being present. The young artist made
a very favorable impression, his execution
I being declared remarkable. The feature
1 of his playing which called forth much
I flattering comment was his masterful left
I hand movement. He executed the most
I difficult passages in a long and classical
programme with apparenr ea^e, and re
sponded to the kind reception of his ef
forts with a good imitation of a Pader
i ewski DOW. While delicate in appearance,
i there was no apparent lack of power in
his handling of the instrument. However,
I he pleases more In the lighter and softer
parts, into which he brought considerable
I grace and expression. It must be said,
however, that nis playing has too much
lof the mechanical. Still, maturer years
: and education may obviate this fault. The
; lad certainly possesses a wonderful mem
ory, as he rendered the entire programme
■ without the score. Probably the most
! interested auditor was little Paloma
1 Schramm. the prodigy who made such a
successful debut in this city recently. She
evidently enjoyed the entertainment, and
1 made wnispered comments upon the more
difficult passages. Master Hassell was as
sisted by Miss Alma Berglund, soprano;
I hurl Bettman, concert-meis.ter: Mrs. M.
'■ Cameron Smith and F. L. King, director.
! An orchestra of twenty-one pieces from
! the Symphony Society furnished the ac
i companimetit to the last_ number. Men
i delssohn's Concerto, op. 25.
THE PRINTERS' STRIKE.
It Will Probably Be Called Off Dur
ing the Coming Week.
A special meeting of the Typographical
Union will he held in the Shiels building
this afternoon, when propositions for ter
minating the strike will be considered.
At the last two meetings of the union
motions to declare the strike off have
been overwhelmingly defeated, but it is
generally expected that some definite
plan of settlement will be arranged to
day. All through the strike the union
has been badly handicapped for want of
sufficient money, although there has al
ways be^n enough to pay the strike bene
fits fn>m week to week. The only direct
source of income has been a 15 per cent
weekly assessment on all earnings, the
balance of the funds having been ob
tained by spasmodic donations from out
side unions.
Very few of the strikers have broken
their obligations and gone back to work.
A % few have procured employment out
side the business, and others have left
the city permanently. The great major
ity, however, have been in camp, where
they could live cjieaply and were out of
the way of temptation to go back to
work.
Many plans for calling the strike off
without breaking the power of the union
in the book and job offices have been sug
gested, the most popular of which is to
declare the ten-hour offices "open" of
fices and give the men the privilege of
working in them on a compromise scale
which will not put the nine-hour offices
into unfair competition, and if an agree
ment can be made with the proprietors
this plan will probably be carried out
during the coming week.
TRYING TO REMOVE HIM.
An Effort to Have Consul Carillo Re
called for Alleged Treasonable
It Is rumored that charges have heen
filed against Miguel Carillo, local Consul
for Guatemala, for utterances which at
the. present time are considered danger
ous. He is accused of having openly
boasted of being a blue-blooded Spaniard
and a descendant of a noble Castilian
family, and, moreover, of being proud
of that distinction. According to the
rumor residents of Guatemala, who are
staying in this city, have filed affidavits
with the home Government with a view
to having him recalled.
The friends of the accused Consul have
placed a different interpretation on the
actions of those who are trying to pro
cure his undoing. They say that Carillo
was a warm friend and earnest supporter
of Barrios, and during the latter's reign
took an active part in the management
of the republic, during which time he
Incurred many enmities: that since the
assassination of President Barrios an
other political party has sprung up. to
which the local Consul is persona non
grata. They have, therefore, falsely
filed these charges of unpatriotic and
undiplomatic utterances with a sole view
to having another appointed in his stead.
Foresters' Relief Society.
At a meeting of the Companions of
the Forest of America In thp Alcazar
the preliminary steps were taken to or
ganize a relief society to be composed of
Companions and of Foresters, which shall
have for its object the furnishing cnm :
forts to soldiers who shall go to the front
and the caring for the dependents of For
esters who have enlisted and who may be
In need. It Is proposed to ask each court
and circle to contribute $5 to a fund and
then ask each Forester to contribute 10
cents a month during the wu. As there
are 6000 Foresters and 1600 Companions in
the State quite a handsome sum will be
realized.
MRS HEARST'S GENEROSITY.
She Endows the Town of Anaconda,
Mont., With a Complete
Library.
Through the generosity of Mrs. Phehe
A. Hearst the citizens of Anaconda.
Mont., are now in possession of a mag
nificent collection of hooks. Knowing the
great need of a lihrary in that city, Mrs.
Hearst set about remedying the want.
Out of her own pocket she expended thou
sands of dollars in order to Rive the in
habitants of Anaconda the benefits and
enjoyments "f good literature.
The generous-hearted lady was given a
rousing reception last night by those
upon whom she bestowed her bounty.
The following telegram from the Gov
ernor of this State was read and was
greeted with enthusiasm:
SAN FRANCISCO, Tune 11, IW.
The Trustees of the Anaconda Library, Ana
conda. Mont.: The Governor of California
sends congratulations to the citizens of Ana
conda and greeting to the royal regent of our
State University, Mrs. Hearst, on the openliiK
of a new fountain of knowledge.
ThPtv is DO past so lons as bonks shall live.
They are the voices of ih<> distant and the
dead, and makes us heirs of the spiritual life
of past ages. JAMES H. BlIHi.
■ m '
MYSTERY ON THE
EL CAMPO SHORE
A WOMAN'S CLOTHES STREWN
ABOUT THE BEACH.
Discovery of Charles White While
Searching for the Body of His
Friend.
Whilejooking for the body :.f his ("lead
friend. Edward Boyle, who was drowned
last Sunday, Charles White discovered
yesterday afternoon on the beach a mile
and a half from El Campo, a lot of
woman's clothes strewn about the sand.
A careful examination was made of the
surrounding country, but nothing was
found which would in any 'vay give a
clew to the presence of the clothes on the
beach. They consisted of undergarments j
and were of good quality. From their
proximity to the water White is of the
opinion that the washing of tho water on
the beach had carried off other article.,
of dress, and that which he discovered
was but a portion of what was originally
left on the shore.
White started from El Campo In a
Whitehall and rowed down the bay
toward Tiburon. When about a mile and
a half from El Campo landing, his atten
tion was calied to a number of dark-look-
Ing objects on the beach, and he landed
for the purpose of finding out what they
were. To him the soggy clothes seemed
to conceal some mystery, and after a
careful examination he returned to El '
Campo, where a picnic was being held by
tne bt. Francis Church. There he told i
one of his friends of his discovery To- |
gether they rowed back to the scene of !
tn,e mysterious clothing, and another
search was made by the two young men
without results.
Tho clothing is in good condition save
for the damaging effect of the water. No !
tears or stains of any kind were noticed '
by the young men. who are strong in the :
conviction that they are evidence of a
suicide.
BUNKEH HILL DAY.
Great Preparations Being Made for
the Celebration to Be Held in
Los Gatos.
For the past two months weekly meet
ings have been held at the Occidental
Hotel by the joint committees of the
Bunker Hill Association, the Sons of Ver
mont, the Sons of the American Revolu
tion and the California Society of Pio
neers for the special purpose of prepar
ing; a celebration for the one hundred and
twenty-third anniversary of the brittle
of Bunker Hill. Although the member
ship and influence of the four great patri
otic organizations aro very large in them
selves, yet the committee have not stop
ped there, but have invited all other loyal
American orders to cordially assemble" at
Los Gatoa on Friday. June 17.
The residents of the latter place have
begun decorating their town in prepara
tion for the celebration, and have unani
mously decided to suspend business on
that clay. Distinguished visitors have
been invited to attend; and it is expected
that many will accept the cordial invita
tion. Mayor Phelan has already signified
his intention of going, and many -will fol
low his example.
An interesting programme has been pre
pared for the day, and is as follows:
Overture, grand medley of patriotic airs
by band
Invocation Rev. K. J. H. Van beerlin
rhaplnln of the day.
Opening remsirks William G. Badger
President of t!i» day.
Song, "Star Spangled Banner";.
Mrs. Tlllle Salinger-Branson
Song, "Sword of Bunker Hill"
Remarks Judge E. A. Belcher
(Introducing Orator.)
Oration Hon. ?nrnupl M. Shortridge
Song Columbia Male Quartet
Song. "America" By audience
I^ed, by A. O. Perkins.
Benediction Rev. T. J. Lacy
After the exercises luncheon will be
served to the officers of the societies and
invited guests, when toasts will be given.
A fine band will discourse music for all
who enjoy dancing, and fifty handsome
prizes have been collected for games and
races.
Red Men's Jubilee.
The regular mooting of the jubilee cel
ebration committee of the Improved Or
der of Red Men was held last night at
Red Men's Hall, on Post street. About
seventy representatives of the various
tribes and councils were present. Com
mittee reports showed intense activity,
the tribes being most enthusiastic in their
support of the celebration. The commit
tee on ways and means reported liberal
donations ami assurance of a grand and
successful demonstration, it is expected
that about 1000 members will be in line, in
cluding a mounted division of members
In Indian costume. Three grand floats
representing different phases emblematic
of the origin and progress of the order
will be prepared, and add largely to the
picturesque effect of the parade. There
is good reason to believe that it will be
the greatest parade of a fraternal organ
ization ever seen in this city. A ball will
be held in the evening.
WORLD'S RECORDS BROKEN.
Remarkable Hammer Throw Made by
John Flanagan.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The New
York Athletic Club hn<l its sixtieth set
of athletic games at Travers Island to
day in the presence of nearly 40,000
people. Two world's records were
broken. The broken records were in
throwing the sixteen-pound hammer
and the broad jump. John Flanagan
made the remarkable throw of 158 feet
4 inches, breaking the record of 153 feet
8 inches, established about two weeks
ago by Cal McCracken, the University
of Pennsylvania man. In his first trial
of to-day Flanagan threw the hammer
154 feet 8 inches.
Myer Prinstein, a Syracuse boy. Uni
versity, New York, made a record of
23 feet 8% inches in the broad jump,
breaking the. old record of 23 feet 7»£
inches.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON. June 11.— Pensions have
been granted as follows: California—Orig
inal: George A. Gustin, Soldier' Home.
Los Angeles, $8: John <\ Dixon. Los An
geles, $6; Bpnjamin Rexford, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $12. Increase: Ethan
Allen. Los Angeles, $S to $12.
Washington— Original: Isaac H. Spragu*.,
Ballard, $8. Reissue: Johnson C. Hewitt'
Tacoma, $$.
Oregon— Original: Charles B. Spencer,
Fremont, $fi.
Places for Democrats.
LOS ANGELES, June 11.— Official State
Organizer Norton of the National Asso
ciation of Democratic Clubs has appointed
D. H. Arnold of Colusa treasurer and
E. N. Rector of Merced secretary of the
California division.
Mills Renominated.
CHICAGO, June 11.— Congressman D.
W. Mills was to-day unanimously re
nominated by the Republican convention
of the Fourth District.
SUPPOSED SPANISH
SPIES CAPTURED.
Talsen From a Steamship About to
Depart From New York
Harbor.
j NEW YORK, June 11.— Eduardo Mon
i tici, a Spaniard, 60 years old; and an
' unknown mail of the same nationality,
were taken off a transatlantic steam
i ship to-night on suspicion of being
Spanish spies. As the steamship Tartar
Prince was about to sail from her dock
in Brooklyn for Mediterranean ports a
! detachment of marines boarded her
with instructions to arrest two Span
iards who were ai eged to have in their
I possession maDS, marts, plans and
i specifications of '.'nited States fortifi
cations and coast defenses.
The marines were given permission
to search the steamship between Brook
lyn and Sandy Hook. In the sick bay
they found Montici, who was accompa
nied by his wife and child. The other
1 man arrested was found in another part
nf the ship.
It is said by detectives who were
with the marines that papers were
found in the baggage of the two men
that would convict them.
The men were brought back on a
Government launch and taken to Gov
ernor's Island, where they were locked
up. Montici is renuted to he a wealthy
Brooklyn Spaniard. His wife and child
were sent to their home.
AGUINALDO STORMS
MANILA'S DEFENSES
Unless the Price Is Taken From His
Head a Massacre May
Follow.
NEW YORK, June 11.— A special ca
ble from Hongkong says that a battle
for the possession of Manila is in pro
press between the Spanish forces and
those of Aguinaldo. Admiral Dewey
has promised to prevent a massacre
should the insurgents capture the city.
The Spanish Governor has been noti
fied that, unless he withdraws the
tpiicr- put upon the head of the insur
gent leader, Aguinaldo, he -will get no
quarter. Otherwise the rules of civil
ized warfare will be strictly adhered to.
As a result of this price being placed
on his head three attempts have been
made to take Aguinaldo's life.
JUDGE GERALD
HAS BEEN ACQUITTED.
End of the Difficulties Growing Out
of Braun's Arraignment of
Baylor TJnivorsity.
ST. LOUIS, June 11.— A special to the
Post Dispatch from Dallas, Tex., says:
Judge G. B. Gerald was acquitted by
a jury at Waco this evening of the
charge of murder for having killed W.
A. and J. W. Harris, brothers, who
were publishers of the Waco Times-
Herald, in November last. The tragedy
was one of several growing out of W.
C. Braun's warfare on Baylor Baptist
I'niversity in Braun's Iconoclast. On
the announcement of the verdict of ac
quittal to-day. Judge Gerald, who is
now the editor of Braun's Iconoclast,
Braun having been recently killed in a
street duel, was given an ovation by a
large number of his friends and former
partisans of Braun.
CARRANZA AND DUBOSC
WILL SAIL FOR MADRID.
In the Meantime Secret Service and
Private Detectives Will Care
fully Watch Them.
OTTAWA, unt.. June 11.— Lieutenant
Carranza and Senor Dubosc will sail
for Madrid from Montreal on Saturday,
June 25, two weeks from to-day. In the
meantime, it is stated in o.ncial circles,
Canadian secret service men and pri
vate detectives are to watch their
movements closely.
AN INSANE WIFE'S DEED.
Drags Her Husband Over Blazing
Gasoline and Fatally
Burns Him.
CINCINNATI. June 11.— Mrs. Mary
Heintz. supposed to be insane, to-day fa
tally burned her husband by dragging him
to the kitchen and forcing him backward
over flaming gasoline which she had pre
viously ignited in a frying pan. The hus
band's screams brought help, but not until
the man was fatally burned. Mrs. Heintz
herself was badly burned, but gave no
sign of suffering.
REA FILES HIS ANSWER.
San Jose "Boss" Denies That He
Slandered J. P. Jarman.
SAX JOSE; June 11.— That to-
Slandered J. P. Jarman.
JOSE, June 11.— James W. Rea to
day filed an answer to the $50,000 slander
suit brought against him by ex-Council
man J. P. Jarman. "Boss" Rea denies
that he ever said . Jarman received $400
for his vote in the matter of purchasing 1
the steam street roller for the city, or
that he ever slandered nim.'
~» — — _ __
JIMINEZ UNDER ARREST.
Will Be Tried at Nassau on a Charge
of Piracy.
PORT A PLATA, San Domingo, June
11.— President Heureaux returned from
Inagua yesterday. He caused the ar
rest there of General Jiminez. The
trial of Jiminez will take place in Nas
sau. He will be charged with piracy.
"Terrible Turk" Bests a Greek.
NEW YORK, June 11.— In the wrest
ling match to-night at Madison-square
Garden between Yousouf and Heraklides
the Turk won the first fall in 47 seconds,
on a half Nelson. He twisted the
Greek's neck in such a manner that
Heraklides was unconscious for half a
minute. The Greek was able to go on
fifteen minutes later. The Turk won the
second fall and the match in one minute
and ten seconds.
Spaniard in the Volunteers.
HANFORD. June 11.— The second
lieutenant selected last night by the
volunteer company is of Spanish birth.
His name is Peter C. Carrasco. He is a
popular man and loyal to the stars and
stripes.
. ADVERTISEMENTS. . • V
\^^^^^^^^^ CURED!
— ~2- jl^^B^S»S|BmßM| *t^»^aHfc_^ £"^ CAAIP \ \-" t* "P T tt
-^j^\j^>JHH|H ■ . ; ov-*nfffi^jpM|^Pl~7.^ etc., and after using; it only two
A l«eSlHTff^Mr"*™3r SwSall—^ months my complaints fiitirelv
"g Ttt 881 Ifjfflßp^- disappeared and I haye not heet»
/'1 ' fo°t b i ed W ' th an> Pain ° r lliscom -
or.v-y^W_i^>^<^»^^ t>. YeV ca 4" tn >' recommend Dr.
/ \ U>rr\ A\»\\ X X Plerce , r s Electric Belt, to all suffer^
■^'■■■■^P^^V'^'U li X .^ . ers - Yours gratefully, •
/rJ A V^'AV" Va A\\ X' --a ■ JOHN. P. ANDERSON,
4 ;-/Y; PN.■ \ 3 r^' t \ £°;, H - ISth Inf'y, U. S. Army.
' \ \ '■■■ y- "- yi tall atofflce or write for out
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO. 620 Market Street (opposlte^PalKeilo^O/San'Francrs'co.
SEVEN AMERICAN
RECORDS BROKEN.
Cyclist McDuffie' Easily a Winner in
the Fifteen-Mile Race With •
Hoyt.
BERKELEY OVAL, New iork, Juna
11.— The race meet held at the Berkeley
oval track to-day attracted a fair sized
crowd. The principal event was a 15
mile multicycle paced match race be
tween E. McDuffie of Cambridge, Mass.,
and Fred C. Hoyt of Bridgeport, Conn.
McDuffle won the' race by nearly a third
of a mile, besides breaking the American
records for two, three, four, five, six,
seven and eight miles. Hoyt's poor show
ing was chiefly due to the inability of his
pacemakers to work properly at the sev
eral relays.
One mile, handicap, professional— Final heat—
H. C. Caldwell, Waltham (70), won; J. Eden,
Paris (scratch), second: H. E. Terrill. New
York (60), third. Time, 2:04 3-5.
xj One mile, tandem, professional— Final heat-
H. B. , Terrill and C. S. Wells, New York (100).
won; ( aldivel! and F. J. Titus (10), second; J.
Ttaiei-st and A - Gardiner (scratch), third.
lime, l:oo.
Fifteen miles, multicycle paced match race—
ii'r. , ar t. McDuffie, Cambridge, won; Fred O.
1 1™ • I>r ". '-'""'' second. Time, 27:44 2-5. The
times of the distances in which McDufne broke
the records were: Two miles,, McDuffiVa
record, 8:29; former record. 3:34 2-5. Three
miles, - cDuffte ' s time. S:W 3 - 3 : former record.
S:IS 4-.-.. Four miles, McDuffle's record, 8:55*4;
former record, 7:08 4-5. Five miles, McDuffle'4
record, 8:44; former record, "* 8:59. Six miles,
McDuffle s record. 10:31 1-5; former record, 10:45,
Seven miles, McDuffle's record. 12:19 1-5; former
record, 12:33 3-5. Eight miles, McDuffie 1 rec
ord, li:05; former record, 14:24 2-5.
PHILADELPHIA, June 11.— Good rac
ing characterized the eighth annual meet
of the Quaker City Wheelmen at Tioga
to-day. The most Interesting race was
the five mile handicap, professional, in,
which thirty-two men started. The raca
was won by Paul Bouret, the Frenchman,
with W. S. Anderson of Memphis second.
The five mile pursuit race between Star
buck and Fred Sims of Philadelphia re
sulted in an easy victory for Starbuck,
who passed Sims on the tenth lap. Time,
12:17 1-5.
One mile, handicap, professional— Robert
"Walthonr. Atlanta (30), won; J. A. Shome,
Philadelphia (SO), second; W. R. Becker,
Minneapolis (40), third: Tiene Cavally, Franca
<~<>), fourth. Tin)"?. l':>ir> 2-".
One mile, open, professional— Fred Sims,
Philadelphia, won; A. I. Brown, Cleveland,
second; (avally third, Walthour fourth. Time,
2:r, I-:,. "
Five miles, hnnli'-ap— Paul Bouret. Franca
(80), won: W. P. Anderson, Memphis (250), sec
ond; c r. Kraemer, Philadelphia i 22.'.), thirrlj
Robertson. Kngland (scratch), fourth. Time.
11:40 2-".
BUFFALO, Juno 11.— Much of the in
terest was tTken away from the second
day's racing of the State rircuit bicycle
races by the fact that Bald did not com
pete.
One mllp open, professional— O. T,. Ptevenß»
Ottumwa, lowa, won; Howard Freeman, sec«
ond: Major TayW, third; F. A. McFarland,
fourth. Time. 1:'" 2-V
Two-mile handicap, professional — E. S. A\
lien, Philadelphia, '2." yards, won; Charles
Worsick, Buffalo. 150 yards, s"^ond ; Tom
Cooper, Detroit, 10 yard?, third. Time, 4:22 3-5,.
War Incidents.
Adjutant General Barrett is awaiting
instructions and the necessary enrollment
blanks for the enlistment of California's
quota under th« second call for troops.
The First Regiment of Tfii-K'sspfi Volun
teers left Nashville at 6:30 last evening
for San Francisco.
Two lieht batteries of th« Sixth Artil
lery at Fort McHenry, Maryland, have
been ordered to San Francisco. They,
are to be sent to man
Golden Era Circle of the ( ompanions of
the Forest of America has arranged an
entertainment to be given n»»xt Tuesday
evening in Social Hall of the Alcazar
fur the benefit of soldiers now at Camp
Merritt. The programme will be followed
by a dance.
The. ladies of the Odd Fellows' soldiers'
relief committee are showing their pa
triotism in the good work they ;ire doing
in aid of the boys in blue. Each day at
their headquarters, 1111 Market s>. reet, the
earnest workers are busily engaged in
making cans, bandages, comfort bags and
other articles. At Camp Merritt a com
mittee of ladies is also stationed. Writing
materials and reading matter are placed
at the disposal nf th" soldiers. About
ir,oo stamps have been used since June 1,
showing that their efforrs have been ap
preciated. Milk, epfjrs and other articles
of nourishment are carried to the hos
pitals each day by the ever- faithful
Rebekahs.
Patriotic Wo:-irrv>n.
The head ramp of the pacific jurisdic
tion of the Woodmen of the World is
completing arrangements for the purpose
of providing a fund of (7500 to be expend
ed for special nurses for members of the
order in the Berv|ce of th>- United States
who may be wounded on the battlefields
at the Philippine Islands. All the camps
in the jurisdiction having members in the
army or navy of the United St&tefl have
decided to keep such members in good
standing during the war.
Mission Camp, at its last hold meeting,
entertained about fifty boys in blue who
are members of 'ho order and are sta
tioned at ('amp Merritt There was pre-,
sented a f>. come for their enter- <
tainment.
To-morrow night Oakland ('amp wilt
give a banquet to the Woodmen who are
in the various regiments now at Camp
Merritt. It is expected Mia' more thart
one hundred of the soldier Woodmen wilj.'
accept the invitation.
Soldiers Have a Fight
Thomas MeVey and "William Ferris # -
both of Company G, Wyoming Volim*
teers, became Involved In a row in a saY
loon on Point L nue yesterday^ 1
afternoon. A few hot words were passed,!
when McVey drew a packet knife andtj
stabbed Ferris in the back and cheek, j
The injured man was taken to the hos-^
pital on the camp grounds, where It'
was found that hip Injuries, although.!
painful, were not of a serious nature,
McVey was locked up in the guarcfi
house.
COMET DISCOVERED
AT LICK OBSERVATORY..
Chance Find Made by an Astronomeu
While Photographing the
Heavens.
I.TCK OBSERVATORY. June 11.— A!
"comet was discovered h<-re this evening
by Mr. Coddington, fellow in astronomy.
It is in constellation Scorpio, about ona
degree northeast of the bright star An«
tares.
The discovery was made by photos:*
raphy. A plate exposed for other pur
p< ses on that region of the sky, shewed
when developed a strong trail produced
by a strange object Mr. Coddington ex->
amined the object ami found it to be a,
comet of about the eighth magnitude.
Observations by Professor Hussey;
showed that it "is moving toward tha
southeast about one degree a clay.
As Boon as observations have been,
taken on three evenings its orbit will b«
computed. Mr. Wright observed its spec
trum ami found it to be of the usual
form, with continuous spectrum and weak
carbon bands.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
COULD FIND
NO VERDICT
Jury in the Elliott Case
Out All Night.
THE LAW GAVE LITTLE HELP
RESPONSIBILITY FOR STRIKES
IS NOT ESTABLISHED.
The Suit Will Most Likely Be Tried
Again, but a Jury Will Prob
ably Not Be
Needed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 11.
After being out sixteen hours the Jury
Jn the case of Samuel W. Elliott against
the Southern Pacific Company was un
able to reach a verdict and was this
n;orning discharged by Judge Greene.
The jury had less legal material upon
which to form a Judgment than any other
railroad case ever tried in this county.
Late last night the Jury was sent for by
the court, but as it was unable to arrive
at any decision it was locked up until this
morning. When court convened Judge
Greene again sent for the Jurors, and as
they were all convinced that they could
not arrive at a unanimous decision they
were discharged.
In the instructions to the Jury and in
the closing arguments of counsel nothing
was brought out that could throw much
light on the purely legal aspect of the
case. No precedent could be found for
it, and consequently a new principle will
have to be laid down for its decision,
shouW the case be tried again.
Elliott sued for damages for being
thrown off the train Dy a conductor. It
was not denied by the company that El
liott was put off the train with necessary
force, but it was alleged by the defend
ant that Elliott's ticket had expired and
that he was given every opportunity to
pet off peaceably before being assisted
by the conductor. Elliott's ticket expired
• Its time limit during the great strike
of 1894. His counsel contended that as
the ticket entitled the holder to a ride to
the point i"'>r which it was issued Elliott
was entitled to the ride, although the
time named on the ticket had passed.
It was shown by the railroad company
that Elliott had not taken the first op
portunity offered to ride from Oakland to
Pleasanton, but that he waited a full
mouth before presenting his ticket. They
also showed that on account of the strike
a certain extension of time was granted
holders of limited tickets. This conces
sion was tak^n hold of by the plaintiff
NEWS OF THE MINES.
A Glance at the Enormous
Mineral Product of
the Country.
The New Mills and Mines That
the State Displays in the
Midst of War.
The Call has within a few days pub
lished the official statement of the min
eral products of California for 1897. Now
comes the similar statement for the
United States for tne year, showing a
gradual but a considerable and mighty
general advance aa compared with IS&6
and all previous years.
The United States mint is the author
ity on the production of the precious met
als, and a department of the United
States Geological Survey promulgates
statements of mineral production, but
probably the highest authority regarding
the entire field of mineral production in
United States territory is currently the
Mineral Industry, published in a large
volume annually by the Engineering and
Mining Journal of New York. The jour
nal mentioned gave out a preliminary es
timate of the product in January. Now
from advance sheets of the Mineral In
dustry, which will be published in a few
weeks, come the iirst reliable statistics
for the past year.
The total mineral product of the United
States in 185*7 was (746,230.982. In 1896 it
was »737,!»5,7b1. The Increase for the year
is thus a considerable one. These tigures
include only raw products, and is limited
to ores and to metals reduced from ores.
It does not include the enormous values
of manufactured mineral products. The
total also excludes Imports of ores and
metals, chiefly from Canada and Mexico,
refined in the United States, the value of
which is placed at $47,127,174.
In the list of mineral products of the
United States seventy-seven are classed
as non-metallic and twelve as metals.
California, by the way, produces thirty
three of these commercial substances a
far greater variety than is afforded by
any other State. .; v"
It is interesting to note that the pro
duction of aluminum was 4,0u0,000 pounds,
valued at $1,400,000, while in 18% the prod
uct was 1,300,000, valued at $520,000. The
Increase was due to cheaper prices, in
creasing uses and Increased export trade.
This is the stride this new metal made in
th The e copper product, under the tremen
dous stimulus it I* enJ^*- l %?t2?S&
from 479 806 IS3 pounds in 1896 to 510,190, <19
pounds California provided over 10.0U0,
°Th" a u Inpa1 npar a lleled production of *fr}™
•WES production, as well as the
slue, shows a > ar & e o in^; a -f e r - om California,
The Platinum aH corn, s from ksllver
and is only zw ?"",£ pp a iif OOm ita t shows a
Sf^^C^ValSuflJWTeM than the
bums
lie
J 1 ' 1 .fmih compared with those of the in
dustries based upon the mineral produc
tion. .
The appropriation of *250.000 for the Im
provement Of the Sacramento and Feath
er riven just passed among other items
in an appropriation bill by Consresa. is
merely a reapproprlation of that old |2a0,
000 which has lain so long in the ireasury
waitin* for the Federal engineers to get
n-ad l fn build restraining dam. The en
gineers composing the California Debris
to show that the ticket, being a contract,
if the railroad company could extend the
time beyond that for which it was issued,
the inference would be that Elliott would
be at liberty to still further extend the
time to suit convenience.
The case was bitterly fought between
Attorney A. A. Moore, representing the
railroad company, and Attorney Lesssin
sky of San Francisco, representing the
Slain tiff. During the closing argument
lr. Moore made some bitter personal re
marks regarding opposing counsel, which
Mr. l.eszinaky at once branded as lies,
and the court reprimanded Mr. Moore.
The case will probably be tried again.
Leszinsky offered to submit the case on
new trial to Judge Greene on the evi
dence before the jury and take his deci
sion, but Mr. Moore' said he would have
to consider that proposition.
LEFT ALL TO HIS DAUGHTER.
A Large Fortune Left by Joseph
Bassi Goes to Mrs. Emilia
Sigress.
OAKLAND, June 11.— The will of the
late Joseph Bassi was filed for probate
this afternoon by George Roeth and A.
P. Sartori, who are named in it as exec
utors without bonds. The dtceased died
May 2^th. His will bears date nf Febru
ary 5, 1896.
The estate is valued at $80.<K>0 1 and con
sists of real estate and personal property
in about equal proportions. His brother
is left $2000, and each of the nieces and
nephews is remembered in the aggregate
amount of $3000.
The balance of the estate, real and per
sonal, is left to an adopted daughter, Mrs.
Emilia Rassi Sigress. Her husband is a
popular employe of the Telegraph-avenue
electric line. The home place, situated at
Temescal, is in good repair, and occupies
a very picturesque location. -The de
ceased's wife recently died, hence the
daughter secures it nil.
City Contracts Awarded.
OAKLAND. June 11.— The Board of
Public Works met this morning to let the
contracts on bids received last Wednes
day. J. M. Shay secured the job of build
ing the West Oakland engine house for
$9642. While the work is being done the
car barns at Fourteenth and Peralta
streets will be used by the department.
R. W. Merrick will continue to supply
the bread to the city prisoners at 2H cents
per pound. Rice & White secured the
meat contract for ZVt cents per pound.
The Oakland Enquirer secured the public
printing for the ensuing year. The rock
and screenings for the street work will be
supplied by the Oakland Paving Com
pany.
Lost Her Left Arm.
OAKLAND, June 11.— While feeding a
mangier in the Contra Costa Laundry
this morning. Miss Daisy Johnson, a 15
year-old folder, had her left hand caught
between the rollers and her arm drawn
into the machine. The flnperp, wrist and
arm were torn clean of flesh and mus
cles. She was removed to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where the arm was ampu
tated. Miss Johnson ia the sole support
of a widowed mother, residing on Six
teenth street, near Peralta,
Now a Soldier's Wife.
OAKLAND, June 11.— Private Frank R.
Caldwell, of Harrison, Idaho, called at
the County Clerk's office to-night just
before 5 o'clock and secured a license to
wed Miss Edith Chick of this city. They
immediately went to Rev. R. Richies and
were made husband and wife. The bride
is a native of Maine, aged 19 years. The
husband is 32.
Commission are. of course, too full of '
war duties to even recall now that such
a thing as restraining dame are contem
plated. There will be little use In talking
about those restraining dams while the
war lasts. But meantime a subordinate
and a few men are still at work explor-
Ing possible foundations for dams, and
when the war is over and the Federal
engineers return to the ways of peace
they will have a few more items of data
for their plans and report when they get
around to them.
The Fresno Republican gives this brief
glimpse at one of the latest of those little
local "rushes" that happen here and
there now and then: "The Trimmer
Springs mining excitement ia abating
somewhat in Selma as several prospec
tors have returned home and do not give
glowing reports of the camp. It Is be
lieved that the gold in that section is con
fined to the one pocket that was first dis
covered."
From the current issue of the Amador
i Republican the following notes of lead
• ing mines in Amador County are gained.
It is reported Jhat work will be resumed
jat the Alma under new management
I after the annual meeting in July. The
; South Eureka is now a dividend-p^yer,
' and with enlargement and development
in depth will be one of the great mines of
that region. Some fast sinking has been
done in the Central Eureka — feet in
i one month at a cost of $8 50 a foot. There
is a report of another great strike in the
: Gwin mine. The Argonaut has declared
i Dividend No. 4 of $20,000, making a total
iof $60,000. Besides this, the company has
| a cash surplus of over $SO,OOO in bank, to
; gether with over $20,000 worth of rock on
the dump, and $10,000 worth of sulphur
ets on hand, making their surplus over
i flM),00V; not a bad showing for a mine
I which started its mill only six months
1 ago. The Zella mill will soon close
temporarily while the old shaft is sunk
200 leet deeper.
The latest operations of the Mountain
Copper Company, which increased Cali
fornia's copper product seven fold In I»y7,
are thus described by the Redding
Searchlight:
"The big smelters at Keswick are all in
full blast. Ground is being prepared, ex
: tending the roasting surface, and the fa
; cilities about the big plant are undergo
! ing constant improvement. The large
! pumping plant on the river above the
: mouth of Spring Creek will be in opera
i tion in two weeks, and thereafter no de
; lays will result for a lack of water sup
ply. To protect the works against acci
! dent a duplicate system of pumps and
engines has been placed in position. The
new matte furnace, used to reduce the
matte product of the water Jacket fur
| naces, has Just completed a very sue-
I cessful run. This resmelting of the matte
j increases the percentage of value and re
! duces the freight charges across the con
; tinent to the refineries. At the mine a
• larger force of men is at present em
ployed than ever before. The product of
i the mine has been largely increased to
i supply the smelting capacity. Power
1 drills are being placed in position on the
i Hornet claim."
A. W. and W. J. Dale of Cloverdale,
who were among the Coffee Creek rush
ers of last year, are returning there with
a mill and mining supplies for a property
secured in that region.
Brown & Reeder, who were in Yreka a
week ago with over $2100 from a week's
run of their little mill at Shasta River in
! Fools' Paradise district, below the elec-
I trie light plant, have taken out $1800 more
i in only a day and a half run of the mill
j since. They have one vof the richest
I quartz mines in Northern California, and
I the more it is developed the richer it
seems to pay.— Yreka Journal.
The Crescent City Record says a letter
from Orleans Bar. on the Klamalh River,
states that very ; few men are employed in
the mines .thereabouts. tThe scarcity of
water; has prevented the usual amount of
mining, and quite a number of miners
have been compelled to quit the diggings
and ' seek ' employment" elsewhere. _ Later
on river mining will be good owing to low
ness of. the Klamath River. -
Florlan * Lemay, who has been opening
the-old~Hagedorn'.&-Wa<!eman ledge on
Greenhorn, says the Yreka Journal,
pounded out twenty-six ounces of gold
! from specimen quartz laid one side,' show
ine-KOld to the naked, eye, and crushed
live tons "In which ; gold was not visible,
realizing 1 $118." "He is still taking out good
rookingrquartzi. with : ledge varying from
sixteen to eighteen inches wide, and get
ting wider ; as <he sinks down deeper into
th The™A| n toona quicksilver mine Is now
producing about 350 flasks per month, and
employs about eighty men. The mine . is
Sated to .a depVof over 400 feet, and
Mt this depth a splendid showing is made.
The heavy flow of water that for a : time
was a source of great V expense to the
wen has been entirely overcome. Anew
Sacktrain of thirty animals has been e3e - 3
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
SHAM BATTLE
ON THE FOURTH
Oakland Will Celebrate
as Never Before.
BOARD OF TRADE WORKING
MAYOR THOMAS FAVORS THE
MILITARY IDEA.
Chief of Police Fletcher Gives Some
Good Reasons Why All the
Nation Should
Rejoice.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 11.
Efforts are being made by the Oakland
Board of Trade to have a sham battle
in thlß city on the Fourth of July. During
the past week public sentiment has been
canvassed, and there is a decided desire
to have a proper celebration of the na
tional holiday. This morning the Board
of Trade held a special meeting and de
cided to take the preliminary steps to
have a military display on Adams Point.
A committee was' appointed to confei
with the authorities on the other side of
the bay for the purpose of arranging to
have two regiments come to this city
and fight a sham battle for the edifica
tion of Alameda County. Should the re
quest be granted Oakland will give the
soldiers a rousing reception and will
banquet them in regal style.
It Is not yet certain that there will not
be a great parade on the Fourth, but the
Board of Trade believes that with so
much military enthusiasm among the peo
ple it will be more appropriate and more
in keeping with current events to have
a purely military display.
Mayor Thomas favors the idea, and is
very emphatic in his opinion that theru
should be a big celebration of some kind.
"If ever there was a time," eaid the
Mayor to-day, "when the Fourth of July
should be fittingly observed, it is surely
now. To my mind, the Fourth succeed
ing the incident at Appomattox Court
house was not more worthy of celebra
tion than tire coming national birthday.
I would like to see all the display possi
ble, and I am sure that every citizeit
must feel as I do. The idea of bringing
troops over is a good one, and if our
local companies should also engage in an>
display that may be decided upon, it
would add greatly to the general inter
est."
Chief of Police Fletcher Is very en
thusiastic on the subject. He believes
that nearly all the population of the
county could be gathered in Oakland this
tablished between Castella and the mine,
and the camp Is in a flourishing condi
tion.—Redding Searchlight.
The organization of a company is an
: nounred, that will begin work on the Ida
i Mitcheil and Gold Bug quartz properties
i In the heart of the town of Placerville.
Both properties have yielded considerable
gold, but were never worked to any great
depth nor with much system.
Kx-Governor 11. H. Markham of Pasa
dena, who is connected with the American
Girl mine in the Golden -'ross district,
San Diego County, expresses himself as
pleased over the prospects of the mine,
says the Los Angeles Record. At pres
ent he Is erecting a new process twenty
stamp mill on the mine, on which a great
deal of development work has been done.
He proposes to crush the ore dry and
treat it with the cyanide process first,
then If hte tailings still carry gold the
plates will be utilized, thus making an
absolute saving of all the gold the ore
carries. In case his first intention does
not pan out the mill can be easily
chang-ed to the wet process.
The Barstow fifty-stamp custom mill is
expected to start this week, but it will
probably be some days before it will be
in regular operation. The mill people have
been buying ore for some time.
A mill for treating ore by the cyanide
process is being erected at Mojftve. It
will have a capacity of twenty tons per
day at first, but will be enlarged as the
mines are developed. The ore to be work
ed will come from tne buttes that rise up
out of the desert a few miles east of Mo
jave. The assay office is now up and
lumber is on the ground for the mill
proper.— Kern County Echo.
On Thursday morning the. Forest Hill
Gold Mining Company started up Its mill
on what was formerly called the Old
Spanish mine. To their mill has lately
been added a cyanide plant to control
rebellious ores. They are working, about
thirty tons a day, that average from $8 to
$10 per ton. The mill is run by water
power, and consequently very cheaply.
It is the intention of the company to en
large its plant to the capacity of the
Mercur mine in Utah. The Mercur com
pany, on a similar process, works SO ore
at a profit of $4. The company's ledge at
Forest Hill is over fifty feet In width, with
gold all the way through it, but it is the
Intention of the owners to work only the
rich chutes and those the most easily
handled.
The value of this property has been
known for thirty years, but owing to the
rebellious character of the ores It can
only be worked by the cyanide process.
I ere are millions of tons of ore in sight, ;
lch, though it may be partially low
ide will now make a good and steady
Id, and the property is destined to be
come one of the best in the State.— Repub-
California Band, published at Jo
hannesburg, Kern County, trpts out an
other one of those California nuggets
which still glitter forth frequently with
out attracting much notice because they
do not come from the Klondike. That pa
per says: Frank Fleming was in town
Sunday and Monday. He showed tho
! boys a big nugget that weighed $315
i which would sell for much more. In
i fact one of our citizens offered him $400
I for It He found this nugget some months
! ago while dry washing near here, and has
had much better luck than the average
! dry washer, as was seen by a big roll of
greenbacks he was carrying.
The Rand also says: The three-stamp
mill at the Little Butte mine began oper
ations yesterday. It Is expected that $3
ore can be handled with considerable
profit to the owners of the mine. A three-
I stnmp mill will be put up at Radamacher,
I nenr Higgins' wells, on Walker's wells,
Ito mill and do custom work. The Rand
j mine Is putting on more men all the
time. Many were laid off when the mills
1 at Garloek were shut down because they
' were not needed. Much building Is going
1 on nt the Rand, the big ore bin looming
;up like a great monument. The changing
! house Is done.
New Loring Club Officers.
At the annual meeting of the Lorfnp
Club the following officers were elected
for the ensuing year: L. S. Sherman,
presjdent; Winfield S. Jones, first vice
president; B. Romalne, second vice-presi
dent; W. C. Stadtfeld, secretary; W. A.
Murison, treasurer; Ed C. Royson, libra
rian; David W. Wise, assistant librarian;
di rector, D. W. Coring; advisory board-
William Alvord, James D. Phelan. Mrs.
William Alvord, Mrs. L. L. Baker, E. H.
Sheldon; music committee— B. G. Somers,
Charles H. Van Orden, J. J. Morris;
voice committee— J. F. Rltter, J. J. Nach
trteb. Benjamin Franklin, w. F. Hooke.
Resolutions were passed thanking D.
P. Hughes for his services as director
during the temporary absence of Mr.
Loring.
The Manila Postoffice.
Postmaster Montaßue yesterday ap
pointed George F. Conway and Assistant
Superintendent Vaille of the railway mail
department to take charge of the United
States Postoffice to be established at Ma
nila. They will leave with the military
expedition next week.
Advances made on furniture and planon, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Fourth of July if a proper observance
of the day be arranged. "Of all years,"
paid he, "this is the one to celebrate.
It is not only right to make a demonstra
tion to celebrate the victory of American
arms abroad, but with the eyes of the
world upon us, it is a good time to let
them see that however much we may
differ politically, we are a unit as a na
tion and can rejoice in harmony. I be
lieve that if there should be any falling
off in the observance of this Fourth or
July European nations would con
strue It as indicating a lack of unanimity
regarding the present war. There is
enough patriotism in Oakland to turn the
whole county upside down, and it should
be given a chance to explode itself. I
feel like letting off firecrackers all day
long myself." And as nearly all Oakland
feels the same way, there is no doubt
but there will be a noisy time on the
Fourth.
Special Train for Los Angeles.
OAKLAND, June 11.— The arrangements
were completed to-day for a special train
to carry the Christian Endeavorers to
their coming State convention in Los An
greles, which will be in session from June
23 to 26, inclusive. The Southern Pacific
Railroad Company notified A. R. Waters,
the manager of transportation for the
northern portion of the State, that it
would run a special, leaving the mole here
on Wednesday evening, June 22. Passen
gers- from San Francisco, San Jose, Santa
Cruz, Oakland, Sacramento, Stockton and
intermediate points will be carried for one
fare for the round trip. Sleeping car
reservations must be made on or before
the 15th. Tickets will be good returning
including July 9, and if deposited with the
Los Angeles agent they will be extended
until July 31. The Endeavorers expect the
largest delegation ever taken from this
part of the State, from present reports.
Killed in an Accident.
OAKLAND, June 11.— Charles Keller, a
farmer in Wild Cat Canyon, died last
evening from Injuries sustained a week
ago. At the time he was driving through
an opening in the fence, and turned to see
if his hind wheels were going to clear.
While looking back a projecting board
caught him, breaking several ribs and
otherwise injuring him Internally. A
physician was called, but the patient died
after several days' suffering. He was 56
years of age, and had lived on the farm
where he died for thirty-five years.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, June 11.— Robert Melville
was acquitted by a Jury in Judge Ells
worth's court to-day on a charge of bur
glary alleged to have been committed on
the bay. Burton Greene, his "pal," was
acquitted two days ago.
A jury acquitted John H. Sample, a
Pullman car conductor, accused of as
saulting Lulu Ward on March 10, during
the progress of a colored ball In West
Oakland.
W. C. Ewers caused the arrest of Mrs.
EC Hyers, who works for him In a lodging
house, on a charge of stealing a pair of
cuff buttons. She denied it. and was re
leased on her own recognizance. No
warrant has been sworn to. .
John Johnson, charged with assaulting:
a woman at Temescal, waa bound over to
the Superior Court to-day with bail fixed
at $2000. He went to jail in default of
ball. No defense was made at the pre
liminary examination.
Mayor Thomas to-day signed the or
dinances granting the Realty Syndicate
roads franchises over Franklin street
from Water to Second, and Eighth street
from Grove t<> Broadway.
M. W. Wllkins, editor of the New
Charter, will address the followers of the
Soclalißt Labor party in Grand Army Hall
to-morrow evening. His subject will oe
"Worklngmen and Socialism."
ITS FACILITIES FOR
MOVING FREIGHT
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CARS
SCHEDULED.
Resumption of the Inquiry Why
Bates Should Not Be Reduced.
The Company's Books.
The taking of testimony In the suit of
the Southern Pacific Company to restrain
the Board of Railroad Commissioners
from reducing the rates of freight on that
company's lines was resumed yesterday
afternoon before United States Commis
sioner Heacock.
Messrs. Herrln and Garber were pres
ent for the company, and Attorney-Gen
eral Fitzgerald represented the Commis-
sioners. Commissioner Hinton was In at- i
tendance as a looker-on.
The two hours' session was spent in the ■
examination of E. W. Chapin, clerk of
the Motive Power and Machine Depart
ment, who had brought his books along, i
The questions asked by. Mr. Herrin were ;
as to the rolling stock owned by the rail
road corporation. The number of each car I
was read by the witness, and in conse- ;
quence the two hours did not yield much !
matter.
The witness read from the books show
ing: that on June 30th, 1897. the Central
Pacific Railroad owned the following \
number of cars of the kinds specified;
Baggage, mall and express cars 53!
Postal cars 16 j
Combination passenger and baggage cars.... 23
First-class passenger cars 160
Second-class passenger cars.. 39
First-class sleeping cars 18 j
Tourist sleeping cars 21 j
Dining cars 4 1
Business cars 10
Total ......844
The following were the number of cars j
of the California and Pacific Railroad
Company:
.Baggage, mall and express cars 4
1 First-class passenger cars 22
Total 25
The number of cars owned by the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company of
California at the same date was:
Baggage.-matl and express cars 52
Postal cars : 2
Combination passenger an.l baggage cars 16 |
In addition there are on the San Bernardino .
and Redlandß Narrow Gauge Road 2
First-class passenger cars .....163
Narrow-gauge, passenger cars on San Ber
nardino, and Redlands line 1 i
Second-class passenger cars 28
Composite baggage, smoker, buffet, etc......'. 1
Compartment cars 2
First-class sleepers •. 53
Total 318
An adjournment was then had until 2
o'clock Monday afternoon.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Leopold Moss has arrived from Skag
uajr.
C. P. Grlmwood and wife are at th«
Palace.
Lyle M. Fletcher Is registered at the Oc
cidental.
Edward Peterson of New York is at the
Baldwin.
D. J. Walters of Honolulu is stopping at
the California.
James A. Mead of Healdsburg is stop
ping at the Rues.
Ex-Asaemhiyman E. A. Pueschel of
Kern County is in the city.
F. 8. Wensinger of Freestone and wife
are at the Occidental.
Charles Thackeray, prominent as an en
gineer, is at the Russ.
General C. W. Cadwallader of Red Bluff
is a guest at the Grand.
H. C. Booth, the attorney, of Santa
Barbara, is at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Castle of Honolulu
are stopping at the Occidental.
A few nights
ago Clay Clem
ent, who has just
finished an en
gagement at the
Columbia Thea
ter, and Thomas
Klerns, who
made a great hit in the East in one of
Rice's musical burlesques during the last
season, were sitting in the Dutch room
of the Press Club telling of the days of
yore. Kierns and Clement were together
in Portland some years ago striving in
the sea of the "legitimate." Clement
was playing starring aa Hamlet; Kierns
TWO SHOWS
WITHIN
A SHOW.
COWARD SENT
TO STOCKTON
His Mind Deranged With
Religious Subjects.
OPPOSED TO CORPORATIONS
WAS A MEMBER OF ANTI-FTJND
ING COMMITTEE.
Went Insane Suddenly as He Was
Crossing the Bay With His
Wife and Friends ou
the Ferry.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 11.
William P. Coward, the San Francisco
merchant, who became suddenly insane
last night while crossing the bay, was
committed to Stockton to-day. This is
the second time he has been sent to a
State hospital.
The examination of Mr. Coward shows
that his mind is considerably disturbed
over religion and also corporations. He
was one of the committee of fifty that
worked so energetically in San Francisco
about a year ago to secure the defeat of
the funding bill. He told the doctors to
day that he would like to solve several
religious problems and also spoke at
great length of the oppression of corpor
ate interests in California, The fit of
violence which overtook him last night
had disappeared by the time he was
brought to the Receiving Hospital, and he
was quite calm, but the doctors had no
difficulty in arriving at the conclusion
that he was insane.
Mr. Coward is a partner in the firm of
Center & Spader of 11 Montgomery street,
San Francisco, and has been in business
for many years. Last night he left San
Francisco for his Oakland home, having
for companions his wife. Congressman
Caminetti and H. P. Draper, a nephew.
At Thirteenth street and Broadway, Mr.
Coward, who had been very noisy on the
boat and train, ordered all his friends,
except his wife, to leave the car, and
with her he rode to Hay wards. The
matter was reported to the County Jail,
and constables were sent out to arrest
him, as- it was feared he might harm his
wife.
At Stone's ranch, between San Leandro
and Haywards, Coward and his wife left
the car, but later they journeyed on till
they reached the end of the line, which is
the Clubhouse at Haywards. About mid
night he was placed under arrest and
brought In to the Receiving Hospital.
About eight months ago Mr. Coward's
mind first gave way. On that occasion he
left his home and wandered about aim
was a supernumerary, and to him fell the
role of the player who pours the deadly
! fluid in the ear of the King, who was to
! his brother as Hyperion to a satyr. The
, following story Is told by Kierns and cor
roborated by Clement:
It was In the scene where the King and
| Queen are sitting on the throne awaiting
i the entertainment of the players fur-
I nished by Hamlet for the purpose of
i catching the conscience of the King.
Everything had progressed without hitch
or <lelay, the sleeping King of the show
I within a show was resting peacefully,
I when Kierns received the cue to do his
; deadly work. Standing in the wings he
i grabbed the phial supposed to contain the
; poison from the property clerk and rush
i ed on the stage. Over the reclining body
|he began his speech, "Thought's black
hands apt, druga fit and time agreeing."
and then removing the stopper from the
i bottle all colored with black he tilted the
i contents into the ear of the sleeper. To
his horror he discovered that instead of
a painted bottle this one really contained
ink. With a jump and a howl the sleev
ing player cleared the improvised stage
and stood in the center of the group of
characters dumfounded, a stream of
black coursing down his face. Hamlet's
i uncle, a portly man, sitting upon the
! throne could not restrain himself and
I shook with laughter. An economy of
; size had been observed in the construc
1 tion of the throne and there was just
i room enough on it with crowding for the
; chair of the King and Queen. The vibra
tions of laughter caused by the King's
merriment loosened his chair and over it
went. Attempting to save himself the
j Kintf laid hold of the Queen's chair and
! that went, too. For a few minutes every
j thing was in dire confusion. Kierns real
| ized that his cue was to put a distance
I between himself and Clement. This he
did by finding an obscure place in the
"flies," from which he did not descend
until after the performance. Since that
; time Clement and Hamlet have been di
vorced.
B. F. Booze, a railroad man of James
town, is stopping at the Grand.
H. C. Nash, librarian of the Stanford
University, is at the California,
John Bruner of Sacramento is in this
j city to undergo a slight operation.
F. C. Billard of the United States rev
i enue cutter service is at the California.
W. H. Steiger and L. R. Sargent, U. S.
N., arrived last night from the East and
will remain at the Palace while in this
city.
William M. Rank, the well-known
railroad man, left this city yesterday on
the St. Paul bound for Alaska, In which
country he will try to build a fortune by
gold digging:.
Morton Todd of Newcastle on the Tyn©
is stopping at the Occidental. He will
remain in this city for some time. Mr.
Todd represents a large English canning
syndicate, and an agency will be estab
lished here in California.
Answer of the Railroad Commission.
The action of the Southern Pacific Com
pany against John R. Robinson and the
Board of Railroad Commissioners, in
which the railroad seeks to restrain the
i Railroad Commission from proceeding
further In the Investigation of matters
relating to the road under the Robinson
complaint, has been set for Monday next
before Judge Bahrs. An answer as well
as a demurrer has been filed by Attorney
Monteith, representing the defendants, to
the writ of prohibition issued a short
time ago by Judge Belcher. The defend
dantu claim that the court issuing the
alternative writ did so without juris
diction or authority to do so.
Estates in Probate.
Mrs. Mary I. ivnas, widow of ex-School
Director Thomas R. Knox, who died on
the 3ii inst., tiled an application yesterday
for letters of administration upon the es
tate of her husband. The estate does not
exceed $3000 in value. The will of Cella
Hobson, who died March 19, was filed for
probate yesterday. She leaves an estate
of unknown value to her husband, Joseph
W. Hohson.
AUCTION SALES.
THE elegant fixtures of the newly fitted drug
store, 1520 Webster St., near Santa Clara,
Alameda, Tuesday, June 14, at 11 a. m.,
comprising In part 7 elegant* nlckPl show
cases, 400 labeled bottles, 4 counters and
shtlving, finished white and gold, 4 window
show globes, linoleum, etc., will be sold as
a whole or In lots to suit. J. A. MUNRO,
Auctioneer. 1517 and 1519 Park St., Alameda.
lessly before he was found. He was sent
to the Stockton asylum, but his mania
soon passed away, and early this year he
was discharged as cured. He had no
relapse of his mental faculties until a
few days ago, and <iid not show any vio
lence until hist night. His mind is now
considerably more unbalanced than when
he was first committed, but he is not so
violent. Mr. Coward is about 43 years of
age, and lives with his family in this city.
THE CITY SUED.
Cohen Family Wants Pay for Trees
Cut Down by Order of the
City Trustees.
ALAMEDA, June 11.— Donald G. Cohen,
for himself and as assignee of the other
Cohen heirs, has sued the city of Ala
meda for $1590, the alleged value of 318
cords of wood, and $600 for compensation
to himself in looking after the same
wood.
Eight or nine years ago It was discov
ered that the eucalyptus trees which were
then plentiful in this city were becoming
a great nuisance, and the Trustees, in
response to public demand, passed an or
dinance that whenever the majority of
property owners on any street along
which such trees were planted petitioned
to have them removed it should be done.
About a year ago the Trustees, under this
ordinance, directed the removal of some
trees on Lincoln avenue and Pearl street,
bordering on the Cohen property. The
Cohens refused to cut the trees down,
and took the matter to the Superior
Court. The ordinance was declared valid,
and then the Cohens were again notified
to remove the trees. As they did not do
so, after due time had elapsed, the Street
Superintendent employed men and had
thorn cut down. While this was being
done Donald Cohen assaulted one of the
men and was arrested for it. He then
carried off all the wood that he could,
and the remainder was stored In the cor
poration yard.
There were seventy-five cords of it, and
it was put up at auction yesterday, after
being advertised for sale. It brought $50—
or about 75 cents a cord. Now the Cohens
want the city to pay them $5 a cord for
the 318 cords, though the authorities had
no such amount.
The Burial of Williams.
ALAMEDA, June 11.— The story that
; there was anything mysterious about the
j burial of Hugh Webster Williams, who
i was killed by the Gregory's, is laughed
i at by Deputy Coroner Fowler, who had
I charge of it. The fact is that an cm
i ploye of the Washburn-Moen Company
jof San Francisco, where deceased
I worked, came over here and ordered a
$C 5 funeral, including $15 for a cemetery
i lot, and paid the money for It. He di
• reeled that the receipt should be sent
i to Mr. (not Sir) Arthur Bellamy, London,
as that address was found in Williams'
■ possession on correspondence which
showed that he was a relative. That is
i all there is to the whole thing.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, June 11.— The second j
charge of burglary against W. M. Smith,
accused of robbing the house of Charles !
Stehn, has been dismissed, the evidence
being not strong enough to hold him. |
But he will have to answer the first
charge, where the evidence is clear.
Mrs. Alice Sperling, to whom attention i
was railed a fortnight ago as being in I
dire poverty and distress. Is dead, she j
having Rased away at the County In-
LIQUOR DEALERS
MUST BE CAREFUL
CIRCULAR OF INSTRUCTIONS
FOR THEIR GUIDANCE.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch
Warns Them to Beware of Vio
lating the Revenue Laws.
Internal Revenue Collector Lynch has
issued a circular warning liquor dealers
against even inadvertently violating the
revenue laws. The following is the cir
cular:
Retail liquor dealers are only authorized to
Bell foreign and domestic distilled spirits,
wines and malt liquors, In quantities less than
five gallons, and no re-Inspection or stamping
of the package of spirits so cold by them Is
required.
The spirits which they purchase in packages
of nve or more wine gallons must be properly
stamped, marked or b/anded, and remain in
the original casks or packages until drawn oft
for sale in retail packages.
There being no provision for stamping spirits
on the premises of retail liquor dealers, they
are not authorized to reduce the proof of spir
its in packages of five galluns or more by the
addition of water or otherwise.
The restoring of spirits to their original proof
must He performed on the premises of a whole
sale liquor dealer.
A change of package of spirits to prevent
leakage, or for other cause, can be made by
a retail liquor dealer, in such manner as to
protect the spirits from detention or leakage,
only by transferring the same to vessels con
taining less than five wine gallons each.
A retail liquor dealer cannot legally sell sev
eral packages of the same kind of spirits, wines
or beer at the same time, each containing less
than five gallons, but which contain in the ag
gregate more than five gallons
Every person who empties or draws off. or
causes to be emptied or drawn off. any dis
tilled spirits, either foreign or domestic, from
any cask or package bearing any mark, brand
or stamp required by law, must, at the time
of emptying such cask or package, efface and
obliterate such mark, brnncl or stamp: and any
person failing to do so is liable to fine and Im
prisonment. The tPi-m "efface ani obliterate"
must be understood to mean such destruction
of the stamps, marks and brands as to leave
no part of the same legible or intelligible.
Every retail liquor dealer or other person
who withdraws or aids In the withdrawal of
any fermented Honor from any hogshead, bar
rel or keg, or other vessel containing the same,
without destroying or defacing th^ stamp
thereon, or withdraws or aids in the with
drawal of any fermented liquor from any such
package upon which the proper stamp has not
been affixed, or on which a false or fraudulent
stamp has been affixed, is liable to "a fine
of one hundred dollars and to Imprisonment
for not more than one year." The stamps are
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
LIMITED.
THE BANNER LINE!
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO DAWSON CITY AND FORT SELKIRK DIRECT.
FIRST SAILING DATE JUNE 14th,
, THE POPULAR OCEAN STEAMER '
"CLEVELAND,"
(CAPACITY 1500 TONS ACCOMMODATION FOR 350 PASSENGERS.)
Which has been lately renovated and elaborately fitted for passenger accommoda-
tions, equal to any passenger steamer on the coast, of guaranteed speed of four-
teen knots per hour, connecting at St. Michael with the Floating Palace of tha
Yukon, -. '..-"':
S. S. MARY ELLEN GALVIN,
E.S. MORINE, MASTER.
(LENGTH 200 FEET, BEAM 40 FEET, DRAFT 18 INCHES— WILL ACCOMMO-
. . . . DATE 435 PASSENGERS.)
This steamer is- fitted with 12G0-horsepower engines, 10,000-candle-power search-
light, electric lights throughout, hot and cold water service all through the boat,
ladies'. and gents' baths, steam steering gear, piano, social hall, comfortable smok-
ing-room, besides mosquito-proof windows and doors. Speed twenty knots per hour.
, The construction of this steamer has been supervised by experienced Yukon
River navigators. ■
Special attention has been paid to the selection of only first-class Yukon pilots,
so that those procuring passage are assured of earliest possible arrival at Dawson
or Fort Selkirk. - .: . , V ■ ; > ■ .
Rates as low as any competing first-class line,- with liberal allowance of bag-
■ gage. ■ - -■ : ■-- '■ -■■:■,:■;:■--;:■ - .;.•-■.,;■... ,- - : - ■ ■•_ ■ •■  ;■'-_■ ..■_■- . , , %
Mr. Pat Galvin., president of the company, has established warehouses and
trading posts on the Yukon River for the accommodation of passengers via tho
Banner Line. -. - ; ; : -v -..-■■■■ ;..• ; ; ; ■  , ..
* Stewardess will accompany steamer. ■ .
;, Cabin r and table: unsurpassed. - ■ •' ... .v. v
"Sailing date of other steamers to be named later. ... ■
. For tickets and freight and full information call on or address.
305 Market Street,
TELEPHONE CLMY 202,
Or J. G. McCALL, General Passenger and Freight Agent,
46 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
ONE BLOCK FROM FERRY. ' ■ JOSEPH BELL; Vice-President. ■
PAT GALVIN, President. „ , . J, C. BESLEY, Traffic Manager. ;
I flrmary yesterday. She will be buried by
the ladies of the Adventist Society to
1 morrow.
The smashing of window glass by mis
chievous boys has become a nuisance,
and the police are trying to put a stop
to It. The young rascals use sling shots
! in their destructive work.
Charles Naber of 1201 Union street, this
city, was 18 years old yesterday, and as
early in the morning as he could he went
to the city and enlisted In the Third Artil
lery.
MAY PREACH IN HAWAII.
Rev. J. A. Cruzan Receives a Call
From the Sandwich Islands.
BERKELEY, June 11.— Rev. J. A. Cru
zan, pastor of the North Berkeley Con
gregational Church, has received a call
from the church of Hilo, in the Sandwich
islands.
Mr. Cruzan has just returned from a
trip to Honolulu, and his call to take a
pastorate in the islands comes as a result
of that visit. The congregation of the
church at Hilo extended him a unanimous
call, and now await his decision. It is
understood that his present congregation
Is very unwilling that he should leave
Berkeley. He will make his decision
known before next Sunday.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, June 11.— The Berkeley
branch of the Red Cross Society will hold
i a mass meeting to-morrow afternoon in
i the West Berkeley Methodist church at
| 4 o'clock. Addresses will be made by
| Rev. George B. Hatch and Mrs. C. R.
Greenleaf.
Dr. Frank Howard Payne, medical ex
j aminer to the military department of the
; University of California, left to-day for
i the East. He will spend most of his time
iin the hospitals of Chicago and New
I York.
Harry B. Torrey has been appointed cor
responding secretary for the Berkeley
branch of the Red Cross Society, in place
of Dr. Charles A. Noble, resigned. •
■ ♦ ■
Telegraph Avenue to Be Improved.
BERKELEY, June 11.— Superintendent
of Streets Guy C. Chick issued notices to
day which insure the improvement, at a
very early date, of the portion of Tele
graph avenue lying within the town of
Berkeley. The notices posted call for
changing the grade as well as for grading
the avenue from Dwight way southward
to the town limjts. The matter will be
passed upon at the next meeting of the
Board of Trustees to be held Monday
evening. As soon as the gTading is fin
ished the work of macadamizing and of
laying cement sidewalks will be pushed
as rapidly as possible.
Status of the Trial Jury.
OAKLAND, June 11.— The second trial
of W. A. Knowles, charged with forgery
in changing a release of mortgage given
by the university of California, has been
set for Wednesday morning at 10 o'clock.
It is believed that his attorneys will at
tack the status of the present trial jury,
on the ground that no reason was as
signed when four of them were peremp
torily excused by the Judges sitting in
bank.
Reading for the Soldiers.
OAKLAND, June 11.— Mrs. Franklin
Bangs, the newly elected financial secre
tary of the Red Cross Society, reports
$5653 01 received up to date. The rooms
of the society are stacked with reading
matter of all kinds, to be placed aboard
the outgoing transports. It consists of
standard novels, scientific works, maga
zines by the hundreds and all kinds of
sectarian and non-sectarian papers.
"to be destroyed by driving through the earns
the faucet through which the liquor ia to be
withdrawn, or an air faucet of equal Blze, at
the time the vessel is tapped, in case the ves
pe! is tapped through the other splggot hole (of
which there shall be but two, one in the head
and one In the side)."
The mixing of spirits, not of the same make,
kind, quality and proof, or which differ In age
exceeding- one year, or the addition of any col
oring matter or foreign substance thereto, or
the mixing of wines different in kjnd and in
compatible with each other, is regarded as rec
tification, and the dealer who performs such
acts is liable to the special tax as rectifier.
Whenever any stamped box containing ci
gars, cheroots or cigarettes is emptied, it ia
the duty of the person in whose hands the
same is to destroy the -stamps thereon. The
term "destruction" must be understood to
mean to completely obliterate same from box
by using some sharp instrument on all sides
Every person engaged in any business liabla
to a ar>eclal tax shall place and keep con
spicuously, in his establishment or place of
business, all stamps denoting the payment of
said special tax; and any person who shall
through negligence, fall to so place and keep
said stamps shall be liable to a penalty equal
to the special tax for which his business ren
dered him liable and the costs o? prosecution
Park Music To-Day.
To-day the park band will render the
following patriotic programme in honor
of June 17, Bunker Hill day:
March, "State Militia Review*' Kopplti
Overture. "Robespierre" (introducing the
"Marseillaise") Lltolf
Descriptive march, "The Rolling Drums"'.. Asch
Baritone solo, "Katy Darling," with varia
tions
L. Klotz.
Selection, "Huguenots" Meyerbeer
"Grand Military Tattoo" Zaro
The celebrated patriotic song, "The Sword
of Bunker Hill" Colvert
Solo for trombone and cornet.
"American Battle Scene" (patriotic) Tobanl
Battle hymn, "Remember the Maine"
Ivy Wandesf orde JOrsoy
March, "Dewey's Victory" T. Donlgan
(Composed and dedicated to Admire! Dewey
by J. Donigan of the Park Band.)
Lick-Wilmerding Club.
The Lick-Wilmerding Improvement
Club, which holds its meetings at the
Lick schoolhouse. is determined to better
the condition of the streets of that sec
tion of the city. As it now is the streets
on the slope of the hill south of the rail
road sheds have never been improved.
They are in the same condition now as
when old Butchertown occupied the site
at the foot of Ninth street. It is to im
prove this localit-" that this club is now
engaged, together with advancir.gr the
streets further south on to the base of
Southern Heights and filling in the many
declivities. Sewering is one of the neces
sities that will follow the grading of the
streets> all of which the club is contend
ing for.
1516
SACRAMENTO
GETS THE
CONVENTION
Santa Cruz Her Only Com
petitor for the Demo=
cratic Gathering.
Time Not Fixed, Because Fusion
Promoters Have Not Yet Settled
Their Differences.
Racramento has been named as the
place where th>- next Democratic State
convention is to be held. This was de
cided at a meeting of the State Central
Committee held yesterday at the Cali
fornia Hotel.
The date at which the convention is
to bp hold is not fixed, for the
reason that the Democratic party
has not yet surrendered all hope
of fusion with the Populists
and Silver Republican parties, and it
is hoped that delay in fixing the date
of the convention will erive the pro
moters of fusion time In which to come
to some agreement.
The selection of a place for the hold
ing of the convention developed a
strong rivalry between Sacramento and
Santa Cruz, and for more than an hour
the attention of the committee was
taken up by the orators to whom was
delegated the task of setting forth the
various reasons why one place or the
other should be selected. San Francisco
was also placed in the list of contest
ants, but the local delegation in the
committee showed no inclination to
support the claims of the metropolis,
and the name was withdrawn before
the question came to a vote. The Los
Ancreles delegation was prepared to
votp for San Francisco, but when it
became apparent that the convention
was not wanted here they took their
choice between the two remaining can
didates, some voting for Sacramento
and others for Santa Cruz.
As booh as the committee was called
to order and Chairman Alford had
stated that tho object of the meeting
was thf fixing of the time and place for
the holding >>f the State convention, a
motion was made and carried authoriz
ing outsiders who held proxies to take
part in the proceedings. As events
proved this was a move favorable to
the interests of Sacramento, as a ma
jority of the proxies voted were recorded
In favor of the capital city. On motion It
was agreed that the question of fixing
the meeting place of the convention be
first determined.
Nominations were called for, and Isa
dore Alexander placed Sacramento In
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IjXconsul
IN
.jSXh. 1 -
CUBA
CURED OF
ECZEMA
BY
CUTJCURA
UNITED STATES CONSULATE.
Santiago de Cuba, Dec. 13th, 1897.
Potter Dbdq ai?i> Chem. Corp.,
Bostox, U. S. A.
Gentlemen : "Whatever is the cash value of
the difference between living on earth, and a
place said to be much hotter than Cuba, I
am indebted to the use of your Cuticura
Boap and Ccticcra (ointment).
Eczema is a prevalent disease on this Island.
I had an attack of it, and ordered a box of
oxide of zinc ointment. The first application
cnanged the Eczema to hell-fire, which seemed
unquenchable. The druggist had used a ran-
j cid cerate and I -was poisoned.
I have practised medicine over thirty years
and taken a special course In cutaneous dis-
eases under Prof. John V. Bhumaker of Phil.,
but I lost faith In the purity of Cuban drupe,
as everything either failed to help my trouble
or made it worse. I called In a local physi-
cian, but he did not help matters, and I was
becoming desperate, when I thought of Ccti-
cpra Remedies, and dispatched my servant
for a cake of Cutiouba Soap and a box of
Cuticura (ointment). The first application
relieved me, and in three days I tea* well
PULASKIF. HYATT, United States Consul.
TORTURING DISFIGURING
Humors whether itching, burning, bleeding scaly
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple, fcrof-
Ulous, or hereditary, sperdlly, permanently. and
economically cured by warm hath* with Ccti-
cuha 80J.P, gentle anointings with CtTicußA
(ointment), purest of emollient skin cures, and
r mild doses of Ctjticttra. Rssolvrnt, greatest of
blood purifiers and humor remedies.
Fold throughout the world. Poms Dues akd Cbkm.
Cobp- BoU Prop*., Bottom. -
wr ''How to Cure &raj Kind of tount," re*.
nomination. He was followed by
Charles M. Cassin. who placed the name
of Santa Cruz before the committee.
He said that halls, help and committee
rooms would be provided by the citizens
free of charge. He also pointed out the
superior hotel accommodations that
were to be offered, to say nothing of
climatic advantages and a hospitable
population that made the entertain
ment of visitors the business of their
live?.
Nnrval of Merced nominated Sun
Francisco. He said that he expressed
the sentiments of country delegates
when he declared that they wished to
combine with the business of the con
vention some of the pleasures that are
to be found only in the metropolis.
Edward MeCabe, formprly private
secretary to Governor Budd. spoke in
favor of Sacramento, which, he said,
was the only city In the State that pos
sessed all of the facilities to make a
success of a great convention. He was
followed by Kart Burke, who urged the
claims of Santa Cruz.
Governor Budd said he did not appear
as the partisan of either Sacramento or
Santa Cruz, but he was opposed to
holding the convention in San Fran
cisco. He referred to the convention
h^ld here four years ago and said that
at that time the delegates wanted to
enjoy themselves so badly that they
held an adjourned session in the even
ing and made nominations by proxy.
The result was that some of the nomi
nees were bolted by the party and
others were defeated. He thought a
great deal of time and care should be
devoted to the work of selecting nomi
nees, and the last name on the ticket
should carry as much strength as the
name at the head of the ticket. The
Governor declared that he did not be
lieve this to be a Republican year, but
was of onlnion that it would prove to be
bo unless the Democrats went about the
work of selecting candidates with care
and deliberation. As he believed these
conditions could not be developed in
San Francisco, he was unwilling to see
the convention brought here. He said
that harmony nrevailed in the Repub
lican party, and the hope the Democrats
have for success is in careful and har
monious action, first at the convention
and then in the campaign.
Among those who spoke for Sacra
mento were Judge Hinckson, A. Cami
nettl, J. Marion Brooks and Mayor
Land of Sacramento. Santa Cruz found
supporters in Mitchell of Los Angeles,
Gould of San Francisco and Clark of
Santa Cruz. Norval withdrew the
name of San Francisco.
The question was then put to a vote,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
the result of which was: Sacramento,
66; Santa Cruz, 43. Sacramento was
declared to be the choice of the com
mittee.
Chairman Alford announced that the
next business before the committee
was the fixing of a date for the holding
of the convention. A motion was made
deferring the business of fixing a date
until a special meeting: for the purpose
was called hy the chairman. Lay
mance of Alameda moved to amend by
fixing: August 23 as the date. This was
opposed by J. Marion Brooks, who said
that time should be granted to those
who were trying to bring about a fu
sion between the parties favoring free
silver. Judge Hlnckson pointed out
that the Populist party convention is
to ho held July 13, and he was of the
opinion that it would be advisable to
hold the Democratic convention on the
same date. Hinckson was alone in this
view of the situation, as all are agreed
that the Democratic convention must
not be held earlier than the middle of
August. At the same time a majority
of the members of the committee are
willing to give the Populists an oppor
tunity to recede from the position they
have taken, and this opportunity is to
I>^ furnished hy leaving the date of the
Democratic convention open until the
Populists have had time to think the
matter over and perfect some plan by
which they can proceed with the hold
ing of their convention in July and at
the same time give authority to some
plan of fusion that can he presented to
the Democratic convention in August.
Governor Rudd is the advocate of such
a plan, and at his suggestion L«ay
mance withdrew his amendment, and
the motion to allow the matter to go
over until the next meeting was put
and carried without a dissenting voice.
All of the individual members of the
committee agree in saying that under
no consideration will the Democratic
convention be held earlier than August,
as they believe that to surrender to the
Populists and hold the convention in
July would ent?il a loss of party pres
tige that would overbalance the good
that could be expected to come from
fusion with a party that is notoriously
weak. This being understood, the Popu
lists will either have to surrender their
new-born dignity or there will be no
fusion.
OPPOSED TO BUCKLEY.
Richmond District Improve
ment Club Adopts Reso
lutions.
The following resolutions were adopt
ed at a meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Richmond District Im
provement Association:
Whereas, It is rumored that Boss Buck
ley and his push are seeking to control
the Fire Department under the new char
ter and are now in an underhanded man
ner claiming recognition as a body from
the Democratic Committee r - One Hun
dred, which recognition, if granted, would
merit and deserve defeat at the polls; and
as a watchful and determined public will
expose and oppose the viper-like head of
corrupt bosses whenever found in this
city hereafter; be It
Resolved, That while we labored hard
and earnestly for the new charter, we will
also labor to expose to public gaze and
scorn the schemers or push of Buckley,
or a less offensive boss; and, further, that
long and hard as were our struggles for
the new charter, we would rather now see
It killed in the Legislature than see Buck
ley, iiis minions, or any of their kind in
control of any department of our city
government under it.
Resolved. That as our Fire Department
under its present chief is the most effi
cient department of our city government
and the pride of our taxpayers. It must
be protected from the grasp of Buckley
or any other boss, free of politics, and we
must not allow the success of the new
charter to be a loophole for the worst
boss to enter by, while less dangerous
bosses are being turned out.
Resolved, That we take no action in
regard to opposing the granting of li
censes or business privileges In the dis
trict so long as they are properly con
ducted under police regulation, as we feel
that In no camp In the world of the size
of Camp Merrltt is there such good order
and gentlenranlv deportment and pride
among the soldiers as is exhibited here,
and they are not the class of men who
are In need of guardians or restrictions;
but they are what we all are proud of—
American soldiers In America. We be
A FEAST AT HIS FUNERAL.
Dicl^ Jaegels Surprised His Mourners.
The day of the funeral feast is not yet entirely of the past. This was
shown by the ceremonies following the burial of the late "Dick" Jaegels,
one of the most noted caterers of liquid refreshments along the water
front. There was nothing out of the ordinary in the burial notice, but
those who attended knew that they were going to have a new experience,
Jaegels, for a number of years, kept a place on Clay near East street.
it was a popular resort for seafaring men, and he did a profitable business.
His generosity, however, kept him from accumulating much of this world's
goods, but he left an established trade and some money.
Dick knew for some time that his days were few, and made his arrange
ments accordingly. Life to him had been one long joke, and he proposed
that the disposition of his remains should be followed by an event that
would be a pleasant instead of a sad memory.
To this end he had an understanding with his old friend Otto Schenkel,
a Bryant street merchant, to provide a banquet with all the accompanl
pnts of good cheer. The Clay street business was turned over to the old
barkeeper as a reward for faithfulness, and Jaegels approached his doom
with entire unconcern, except as to the finale, which he was anxious
should be a success. His practical joking was continued up to the last, and
many of his old friends will now marvel at his peculiar temperament.
The funeral took place at Odd Fellows' Cemetery on Tuesday after
noon, and was conducted with duo solemnity under the auspices of the Nord
deutscher Wrein. After the ceremonies, the friends present, numbering
about fifty, were notified that "Dick" had kept his word and provided a
pleasant surprise for them. They were invited to re-enter their carriages
and were driven to a resort out on Point Lobos avenue, where they found,
to their astonishment, an elaborate banquet spread, with drinkables run
ning the grade from steam beer to champagne. The guests were told that
it was the request of their departed friend that they "eat, drink and be
m^rry," lost on the morrow they follow him.
As their appetites were good and the viands tempting, they faithfully
followed his wishes, and the occasion was so unique that the festivities
were prolongr-d Into the evening.
After the dust had been removed from the arid throats, and the party
was seated at table, the teleph6ne rang.
"Who is that?" was asked.
"Dees is der Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Take another round on Dick. Dot
is me."
This was a startler, hut it was soon found to be a part of the pro
gramme of the deceased "to make der boys have a good time."
And so throughout the feasting the telephone would ring at short inter
vals and the answer would invariably be from "Dick" in various foreign
lands, and finally In the celestial eify, admonishing the "boys" to take
"another round on Dick." The messages were sent by friends of the dead
man. who had been instructed to impersonate him. This they did reli
giously, and the memory of the eccentric German will long be kept green
by those who were present.
lleve that the little privileges allowed are
not abused to any extent, and in oppo
sition, they are benefited, and there is
room enough for all. As to the sanitary
condition of the camp, we believe that the
surgeons in charge of each regiment will
unite with the health officers "of the city
in remedying all evils in that respect.
SCHOOL EXERCISES.
When and Where They Will Be Held
This Year.
The following are the dates of the grad
uating exercises at such schools as are
going to make a special feature of the oc
casion :
Adams, at school, June 16, 1 p. m.
Broadway, at school, .Tune lfi, 1:30 p. m.
Burnett, at si hool, June 16.
Clement, at school, Juno 15, in the afternoon.
Cleveland, at school, June IT, in the morning.
Columbia, at school, Juno If.. 1:30 p. m.
Cooper, at Bchosl, June 17. 11 a. m.
Denman, at si hool, June 10, 1:30 p. m.
Douglass, at school, June 1«, 1:18 p. m.
Emerson, at school, June 16, 1:15 p. m.
Everett, nt school. June lfi, 1:30 p. m.
Falrmount, at school, June 17, 10 a. m.
Franklin, at school, June 14. 1:15 p. m.
Girls' High, at school, June 16, in the morn
ing.
Hamilton, in auditorium Girls' High School,
June 13, 1 :IO p. m.
Hawthorne, at school, June 17, »:15 a. m.
Horace Mann, at school. June 15, 1 p. m.
James Lick, at school, June 17, in the after
noon.
Jefferson, at school, June 16. 1:30 p. m.
Lincoln, at school, June 15. in the evening.
Longfellow, at school. June 14.
Mission High, auditorium of new building.
June lfi, in the evening.
Mission Grammar, auditorium Mission High
School, June 16. in the afternoon.
Normal School, Girls' High School auditor
ium, June 15.
Pacific Heights, at school. June 14. In the
afternoon.
Irving Scott, Potrero opera house, June 17,
S p. m.
Redding, at school, June 17.
Richmond, at school, June 16, 1:30 p. m.
Rlncon. at school, June 15, 1:18 p. m.
South Knd, Ht school, June 16. 10 a. m.
Wnshingt'in. at school, Juno 16, 1 p. m.
EVENING SCHOOLS.
Business, at Odd Fellows' Hall, June 16, 8
p. m.
Hamilton. Girls' High School auditorium,
June 13. R p. m.
Horace Mann, Mission Parlor Hall, June 17,
8 p. m.
Lincoln, at school, June 17, 8 p. m.
Humboldt, Union Square Hall, June 16, 8 p.m.
Washington, at school, June 13, 7:45 p. m.
THE THISTLE CLUB.
The San Francisco Scottish Thistle
Club held Its monthly meeting last
Thursday night, when the programme
prepared by the games committee of the
events for the sixteenth annual gather
ing to be held at Shell Mound Park on
July 4 was submitted and indorsed.
The programme comprises some forty
events, embracing a number of new fna
tures, and $3000 in prizes besides medals
will be distributed. In the evening there
will be an elaborate display of fireworks
embodying many patriotic ideas appropri
ate to the day. Another new and interest
ing feature this year will be a cake walk
between the crack teams of Oakland and
San Francisco, for which specially valu
able prizes will be offered.
Tt was decided, at the meeting that the
soldiers and sailors of the army and navy
and all. persons a-->earing in Highland
costume will be admitted to the games
free of charge. The club has determined
to make this year's celebration surpass
any of its previous efforts, and no ex
pense will be spared to that end.
A Fastidious Prince.
Mr. Bowers of the Portland Hotel was
highly complimented by the Prince of
Belgium at the manner his comforts were
looked after in his private car on his de
parture from Portland.
The delicacies were selected with great
est care, and an ample supply of ice in
sured the proper temperature of the two
cases of Moet & Chandon, of which the
Prince is very fond.— Hotel Gazette. *
Women's Educational Union.
The Women's Educational and Indus
trial Union will give a free lecture and
musical entertainment at Its headquar
ters, 7 Van Ness avenue, on Tuesday,
June 14, at 8 o'clock p. m. The lecture
will be by Mrs. McLouth, and the subject
"Women's Responsibility in the Nation's
Crisis."
Commencing to-morrow night at Metro
politan Temple, Professor Windsor, the
world's most eminent phrenologist, will
commence a series of lectures, which will
be free to all. These lectures are enter
taining and instructive, and examinations
will bo made from the stage each night. *
HARES RAN
LIKE DEMONS
Good Coursing at the
Two Parks.
SOME SURPRISES AT UNION
OLD EMIN PASHA MADE A MON
KEY OF SPEEDY MAGNET.
Two Miles of Hard Running Between
Laurelwood and the Great
Merced Favorite,
Sunolite.
The talent at Union Coursing Park re
ceived some heavy Jars yesterday, but It
la expected. that at the meeting of to-day
the surprises will be many.
The hares, as usual, ran like demons,
and one course in particular was highly
appreciated by the observers as the short-:
tailed hero of Merced plains carried its
pursuers from the slip to the escape at
the extreme end of the field, where it
turned and shot down by the fence on
the east side of the demesne, leaving the
point where the lower fence connects
with the kennels and shooting. in a
straight line immediately fronting the
grand stand, where it received a great
ovation. After a gallant struggle to
reach safety whence it came it was
bowled over by the dogs, who were so
completely exhausted after the grueling
run that the kill was made with difficulty.
The competing hounds were Sunollte and
Laurelwood. and although the last-named
dog gained a decided advantage in the
run up to game, there were not a few
people among the spectators who thought
that Sunollte scored the greater number
of points from the time he passed his op
ponent near the escape until the end of
tiiG course.
mnri''**? c ? ur^- Judge Bell should know
more. about the game than the ordinary
observer, and he decided in favor of Lau
relwood. who saved himself evidently by
a few points he scored to his credit lust
previous to the kill. creau just
The _ course between Mystery and
O Grady was also talked of considerably^
There were some people who thought that
Mystery should have been declared the
winner because of the very excellent work
she accomplished nearing the finish of the
course, scoring several points to he?
One of the grand features of the day
%* 8 the magnificent performance of the
old dog Emm Pasha, who defeated the
rm?r ?~in *£*??«*• Very handsomely. If
Kmin will hold up to-day In courses that
will certainly try his mettle he should be
t FThf fln c , V hat wIU be heard from
in the finals. He ran a grand and noble
race yesterday, and was as fresh at the
finish as new-mown hay.
The upsets of yesterday were as follows-
Sunbeam a fast little bitch, who entered
the slips in very poor condition, was
easily disposed of by Glenwood. Flying
Buck's handsome de.feat of Blackette-
Jester's defeat of MiaJmo. Evidently Mr.
hullivan s dogs are now ■ being carefully
handled. Star Pointer's defeat by Dr
Norman. It appears that Strehl. owner
of Star Pointer is not giving his charges
the attention they deserve. Montana's
victory over Miller's Maid: Magnet's de
feat by Emm Pasha and the downfall of
Scarfpin by Bendigo.
Owing to the many courses which give
promise of being very close— Is, In the
first round of the big stake of to-day
tips will be omitted on this occasion
The result of the rundown yesterday is
appended:
Sapling stake— Maid of Ball beat Prince
Charming; Celt beat Banner Bearer- LaJla
Rookh beat Regrular Army; Kathleen beat
Campania; Skyhlgh beat Little Lady; St Ger
trude beat Prince George; Lottie M beat Poce
moke.
The winner of this stake will doubtless be
Lai la Rookh or Lottie M.
All-age stake— White Chief beat Hicks- Lis
sak brat L. S. Conley; Border's Valentine beat
Lady Grace; Forget beat Gilt Edge; Theron
beat Sweet Lips; Glenwood heat Sunbeam'
Royal Buck beat Lady Campbell; Commodore
beat Beatrice: Firm Friend beat Chiqulta-
Laurel wood beat Sunollte; Lady Blanche beat
Little Dottle; Black Pattl beat Kill Boy Fly-
Ing Buck beat Blackette; Jester beat Mlalmo-
Chili Pepper beat Blue Jay; Johnnie R beat
Jessie Moore; Move On a bye with Sweet Lips
Moandyne beat Do Me; Van Knapp ran a bye
with Hicks: Pr. Norman beat Star Pointer-
Toil Slr>an b<>at Lawrence Bell: Leonora beat
Jersey Lily; Montana beat Miller's Maid; Emm
Pasha beat Majnet; Bendlgo beat Scarf pin-
Hercules beat W Inppd Foot: Mlra Mont» beat
Little Dorritt; Metallic beat Walt a Little-
Sylvanus heat Jessie Maid; O'Grady beat Mys
tery: Glenstone beat Little Doubt; Sky ball beat
Sportsman.
Moondyne and Firm Friend are played
strongly to win the stake, but there may
be surprises, as before stated.
AT INGLESIDE.
A Good Day's Sport With Some
Lively Running at Short
Range.
The attendance at Ingleside yesterday
to witness the coursing was good, and
those who placed their money on their
favorite dogs had the pleasure of wit
nessing good sport, even if some of them
lost on their pick.
Judge Grace, whose decisions are never
appealable and seldom if ever dissented
from, was there. One remarkable feature
of the sport at Ingleside is that neither
the proprietor nor any attache of the
grounds Is permitted to own any dog en
tered within the inclosure, or bet upon
the result of any contest on the grounds.
This keeps away any suspicion of foul
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORED
DRESS
GOODS!
fivelpeciaTvalues!
25 pieces 46-incb FRENCH POPLINS, in
Blues, Greens, Browns and Grays.
SI- 2 5 Yard.
18 pieces FANCY FRENCH ARMURES, full
45 inches wide, in the very latest
colorings.
51. 25 Yard.
35 pieces FRENCH COVERT SUITING, in a
large variety of new fixtures, goods
45 inches in width.
SI. OO Yard.
100 pieces 42-incb FRENCH SERGE, all
new colorings and warranted pure
wool.
35C Yard.
150 pieces Best Quality ALL-WOOL ENG-
LISH MOREENS in 35 new shades.
50C Yard.
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE fiOODS.
111. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
play or favoritism as against outsiders.
Another rule is that, should it be proved
that any dog has been tampered with for
the purpose of defeating his chanoe of
■winning, the owner and the dog or dogs
belonging to him are forever barred from
running on the track controlled by the
association.
The result of the day's spnrt was:
Master Jack beat Native Daughter; Reauty
beat Benicla Boy; Swlnnerton beat Prince of
Fashion ; Halderwist beat Flashlight; Victor
h*nt Fireball; Tessie Fair beat Chlspa: Firenzl
beat Hattel; Prince Hal beat Telephone Girl:
Knolawn beat Counterfeit; Glen Roy beat
Granuale: Tullamore beat Pacific Queen; Old
Glory beat Sylvia on the second run, the first
being declared a tie: Bonita beat Las? o1o 1
Gowrle- Persimmons beat Marcella: T'romi?"*
beat Palmer Hill; Log Boy beat Benrtalon: Sun
burst boat Valley Maid: Little rvll heat Vie
ilant: Mohawk beat fount of Monte <Tlsto;
Piana beat Lady Jane; Eclir^e beat Silkwoo.l;
Hotptuff beat Senorita: High Born beat Gold
Dust; White Lily beat Trix: Crns?patch beat
Kingston. #
In addition to the all-age stake to be
run to-day the following are the entries
for the consolation stake:
Prince, of Fashion against Lady Jane: Tele
phone Girl against Bendaion; Palmer Hill
against Sylvia: Kingston against Firebaugh;
Vigilant against Benicia Boy; Flashlight
against Sllkwood; Allen against Granuale;
Counterfeit aealnst Senorita. and Lass o
Gowrle aealnpf Or-rMent.
The Real Meaning of the War.
"America's New Mission and Oppor
tunity, or the Real Moaning of the War," i
will be the subject of Rev. Charles Ed
ward Locke's lecture before the patriotic I
mass meeting to be held at the Young I
Men's Christian Association auditorium ;
this afternoon. The lecture will
be free to the public, and both men and
women are invited to attend. An Inter
esting progamrr.e will be given in con
junction with the lecture which will num
ber among its many selections sonK* by
the Knickerbocker Quartet and Miss j^l
len Marks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NO PAIN.
TEETH
"Rilled, Crowned, Extracted
Without Pain.
NO GAS NO CHLOROFORM.
Gold Fillings From 75c.
Plates Warranted to Fit, From $4.50.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
Metropolitan Dental Parlors,
Over CAFE ZINKAND,
927-MARKET ST 92 7
T. 8. HIGGINS, D. D. S.
Radway's Ready Relief for Sprains. Bruises.
Sore Muscles, Cramps, Burns. Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism. Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
Fains. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc All drug-
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME. - ♦
I Refrigerators, a Special for Next Week, $5,51, £
<|> These Refrigerators are hardwood- <£
4> finished in antique, lined throughout <►
<«> with zinc, solid bronze trimmings. &
■& Every Refrigerator guarintf <£
I J. NOON AN, <►
J. NOONAN,
<$. Complete House-Furnisher, <£
I 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., %
<$> Above Sixth* ♦
j£ Phone South 14. Open Evenings. T
*£, FINE TAILORING
/llAjk PERFECT FIT, BEST V
Lf£h Ira WORKMANSHIP, >t
fjftjjlj^wy 25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
Wi? JOE POHEIM
/ l-t All Wool Suits to &in ,o, o COT
Order from 4)1 $0u
I Pants from . . . $4t*s|o4 t *$|0
JrSp"""^l* 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
844 and 846 Market St..
11 10 and 1 1 12 Market St. San Francisco.
000000000000000000
Ssf PALACE '•'•'?
%GFtAND HO ?¥=kSl
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
O 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached, **
O *v- UXDKR One Makao«»«-^ «*
© NOTE THE PRICES: O
a European Plan. »l. 00 per day and upward Q
v American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward **
<3 i orresr."n<i-r ■■ Solicited. O
O JOHN C. KIBKPATBICS, M»nigtr. O
QOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
DR.MCNULTYT
ri^HIS WXLL-KBOWK and rkliable olh
X Spe<-i«listct»re*Prlvat#,Nervous,B!oodaiid
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' e.Tperienoe. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 8
daily;6:JOtoB.%OT'Rs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
Uonfree and sacredly confidential Call oraddxeM
i*. RO.M'OE M«-Piiri/rT\ M. I>.,
96h£ Keavnv Ml reel S;m Fmncisou. C"hl
g^ WONG WOO,
f^W CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'kJP^ SANITARIUM,
J|S>£ 764-66 CLAY ST., 3u Francisco, o*l.
ißtfW^^f^W All diseases cured excluslT©-
/P^liv ly by Chinese herba. over 300*
■Wa»»ll' varieties being used. ADVICB
FREE. Hours. 0:30 to 11 »,. m.. 1 to 3 and 7t»
v p. m.
tLEDS, BOATS, ETC.
ARCTIC sleds, Arctic dogs, 1 Youkon boats,
pilot - rraps to the - Klondike. Alaska : outfits,
Bteam launches and stern- wheel steamers, with
boilers suitable to burn wood; 60 boats can b«
seen at salesroom. G. W. KNEASS, JiM Tblr4
•t. 'Phone Red 2361.THE MEN THEY LEFT BEHIND THEM.
THE CALL Sunday Edition
"STOOD SIX FEET FOUR OR I'M NO JUDGE OF INCHES."
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
BY ALICE RIX.
ON the morning of the twenty-third
of May four men went out from
the regular Army to serve their
time in Alcatraz Prison.
They were placed under guard
in an open express wagon and
driven from the Presidio guard house
to the Clay-street wharf.
As the wagon passed through the
Reservation gates on~ of them flung
himself Into the bottom of it and
covered his head in his arms.
I think no one noticed these men or
noticing took much account of them in
the hurry and bustle of that day.
It was the day on which the First and
Second Battalions of California Volun
teers broke camp at the Presidio,
marched across the city and took ship
for hostile ports.
In the chill, still dawn which crept
into the field ..om the sea the reveille
woke eighteen hundred men to the ac
tive service of their country. They rose
to it eagerly and stirred the Post with
the business of their going.
Who, seeing it, will forget while the
heart beats in the breast, that first
call to the young West and how her
sons went out to answer it?
There have been wars of ours In
which men fought and bled and
dlod for the cause and the
flag floating over us, and left their
legacy of national courage to its his
tory. We read of them, thrilling to
th«;ir memory, and honor such as live
to tell the tale. But th.t was the
courage of long ago touching the
heart across the years of peace. This
Is the courage of the vivid now, going
from our arms in answer to the trump
of war. Those were our heroes of yes
terday. These are our soldiers of to
day. Those were the wars of our
fathers. This is the war of our sons.
In the little hours of the dawn the
crowd gathered at the Presidio to
look on the orderly confusion of
breaking camp, the figures of men
and horses coming out against
the lightening sky, orders sharply
given, quickly taken, the eager stumb
ling of the raw recruit, the excited cool
ness of drilled militiamen, the frenzied
zeal of company to surpass company in
th<* speed of packing tents, the magnifi
cent triumph of the victorious first, the
splendid disappointment of the defeated
rest, the traps loitering on the drive,
the equipment wagons lumbering on the
field, the close embrace, the sound of
laughter and of sobs, the words that
courage speaks and pain, the assem
bly, the start, the march, the band, the
flag, the boys!
Who, I say, will ever forget It? Who
wants ever to forget it?
Cheers, tears, good-bys, godspeeds all
along the line of march! All the early
wakened world gay and sad at the
siprht of so much young courage and
tender patriotism and innocent hope
going to the war! The city with her
national colors at her breast, pulsing
and throbbing with the spirit of war
after a thirty years' sleep of peace!
California wreathing her roses and lilies
into crowns for untried heroes, sending
them forth to win her laurels! Young
boys chafing, old men mourning the
priory that passed them by! Mothers,
fathers, sisters, sweethearts, wives,
giving bravply their dearest and besi!
The music of fife and drum getting into
men's legs and making them march!
The sight of the old flag getting into
men's brains and making them mad to
go out under it, to fight for it, to die
for it! Scarce one among them, good
or evil, but would sell his rights of
birth, his hopes of heaven for the
change.
And away from the line of march,
away from the flowers and the flaps,
the cheering: and the glory, away from
the transport ships, away from the
wars, away from the Army, going to
the Clay-street wharf, going to the
government tug, going to Alcatraz
Island, going to the military prison,
men who had this chance and put it
And one, face downward, in the
bottom of the wagon.
I went to Alcatraz Island on
Wednesday.
Captain Hobbs, commandant
of the post, stood on the
wharf. Lieutenant England,
officer In charge of the pris
on, stood beside him.
It was a rough day by
land or sea, with a spit
ting fog abroad. The sea
girt short of the grim
mest of our posts
was washed with
soapy water, lta
rooky r-teeps 1 were
BW^pt by a bold,
brisk gale. Men
held to their hats
and women to
th^lr draperies.
that crawls
like a beetle up and down to the top
of Alcatraz and to the bottom shivered
in the draught. The commandant
shouted to me down the wind:
"Ride up. I will join you at the of
fice."
And the beetle crawled where man,
cleverly disposing of what God pro
posed, has hewed and hacked himself a
road from out the nearly solid rock.
Nasturtiums, sea pinks, wandering ivy,
all brave things that root in rock and
bring color to the face of it, are planted
here to cheer the eye, good soil is boxed
and ledged from sliding to the sea, and
garden things set out to grow in ft, the
sturdy marshmallow flings its supple
branches out and swings and nods as
pinkly, greenly gay on Alcatraz as any
where; but the beaten roses droop and
scatter in the deathless wind, tender
clinging vines are swept from the walls,
flowers bloom palely, grass grows
sparsely, trees grow not at all;
Alcatraz. fog-swept, wind-blown, rock
built fortress of the sea, looks what it
is to saint and sinner in the service,
the prison post of the Western Division
of the Army.
In the little office which looks,, like a
lighthouse, on all sides to the sea, I
make my wishes known and hay; them
granted.
They are, tout simple, to go into the
prison, to talk to military convicts, to
know from the eyes, the lips, the voices,
the manners of these men once enlisted,
and now debarred from the service of
their country, how this fact feels to
them in time of war.
It is against military rule for the
civilian, even in petticoats, to hold com
munication with military convicts ex
cept in the presence of an officer. Cap
tain Hobbs and Lieutenant England go
with me to the prison.
It is that long, brown, melancholy
building lying to the water and seen
of every passing craft, with its port
holes, lighting cells, looking to the sea,
the windows and the doors of its free
passages giving inward to the road up
on the hill.
The men were at mess.
In a long, low room, whitewashed,
sanded and scrupulously clean, twenty
four prisoners were gathered to the
midday meal. They sat on benches at
either side the single table running
down the middle and nearly the length
of the room. They were all young men.
They were nearly all good-looking men.
That is to say, they looked out from
their eyes frankly, held up their heads
bravely, had an average of good feat
ures among them and none of the
hang-dog look the civil convict wears
like a brand upon his brow, like the
stripes upon his back.
It occurred to me then in the face of
the contrast as it has occurred to me
many times before in the lack of it,
that the stripes have much to do with
this. The military prisoner wears his
old uniform, or the old uniform of
somebody else, stripped of its honorable
buttons and dyed from its martial blue
to any dark and serviceable shade the
cloth will take. He wears a soft black
hat with a red band about the crown
when he is entered in the second class
of prisoners — as all prisoners are en
tered at the military prison — and he
may earn the w" ite band of the first
class by good behavior, or fall to the
yellow of the third class by evil ways,
and in any case his standing is shown
in contrast to that of his fellow prison
ers and he may not be confused with
something better or worse than he is.
He walks no lock-step; he knows no
chain sang*; he is given a certain
liberty of action under surveillance; he
is treated like a man in disgrace, but
like a man for all that; he is suffered
to take away from prison as much self
respect as he brings into it. And this
is a lesson the law might learn from the
army!
It is the principle of civil prisons to
break down what honest pride may sur
vive the sinning of a deadly sin and the
loss of personal liberty. It is a part of
the -punishment which is supposed to
fit every crime. For this the lock-step,
the chain gang, the ball and chain, the
convict stripes survive their usefulness,
live on in the face of surer, more scien
tific methods of defense against escape
and means of recapture. For this the
man who steals for gain and the man
who steals for bread, the man who
kills In hot blood and the man who
kills in cold, wear the same uniform of
shame and no man, seeing, knows them
apart. And yet It would seem to me
that pride is as good a thing to cherish
in the hearts of bad men as in the
hearts of good, as necessary to men in
prisons as to men out of them. For
it is not until pride is gone that the
candle is out and darkness eternal set
tles on the soul.
"Attention!"
The men at the table dropped their
knives and forks. Their eyes looked
straight away over their noses, their
hands fell to their sides, their meat and
cabbage cooled on their plates. They
were tense, motionless as stone men,
every nerve under the discipline which
makes the strength of the army.
Through the open panels of a sort of
screen wall at the end of the mess
room I could see the kitchen. The cook
had come to halt before his range. The
helper at the sink, the steward half
way from the table to the door. Their
perfect obedience to discipline lent them
dignity, as obedience to discipline, in
form or effect, dignifies all men, even
soldiers disgraced, stripped of their
buttons, dressed in dyed uniforms, do
ing time in a military prison while their
country is at war.
The Captain stepped across the sanded
floor.
"Let the men go on with mess,"
said he.
"At ease!"
The men at the tables picked up their
knives and forks, the cook in the
kitchen fell to his pots and pans, the
scullion stirred his dishes, the steward
moved across the floor.
The table was trimly spread, the fare
was plentiful and inviting of its kind,
the men ate with relish, pushed away
their plates as they finished, rose and
left the room when they liked. Their
hats hung on a row of pegs near the
door. I noticed the bands of red and
•white.
•'-Artillery and Infantry?" I asked.
"No," said Lieutenant England, "sec
ond class and first." And he explained
the distinctions, including the yellow,
and mentioned that yellow was an in
frequent color in Alcatraz Prison.
"This man has just come over," sai<3
the Sergeant.
This man was the steward, six feet
four or I am no judge of inches, and
never saw twenty-five or I am no judge
of years. He looked a handsome soldier
and, by my faith! a brave one, standing
there in his six feet of disgraced
strength with a napkin on his arm.
He stood well, with his chin up, his
chest out, his shoulders squared, his
heels together and his hands clapped
to his sides. The officers regarded him
thoughtfully. Such men are needed to
day in the field. His eyes met mine
steadily, but his face flushed. It was
a good face, well and squarely boned,
the brow and nose strong and straight
and Greek, the lips firm, the jaw set in
the outward curve with which Greece
corrects the exaggerated beauty of such
brows and noses. He waited like a man
waiting for execution — brave to meethla
fate, but by no means cheerful about it.
And it is not so easy to talk to men In
trouble. I mouthed the Sergeant for a
moment's grace.
"Bo you have just come over?"
"Yes, madam."
"What — " I began and hesitated as to
the putting of it and began again.
"What was it?"
"Fraudulent enlistment, madam."
"What was there against your enlist
ment in the regular way?"
His eyes flickered and his color rose.
He hesitated a moment. Then he said
steadily enough, "I'd deserted."
The answer surprised me. This man
had no look of running away about him.
"What for?" I asked abruptly.
"I'd rather not say," he replied
quietly. *
"I beg your pardon."
"No!" he said, looking distressed. "I
didn't know there was going to be war,"
he added. "It was from the Fourth—
the Fourth Cavairy — and when I heard
about the fighting, I enlisted again,
right away, in the Fourteenth Infantry.
That was in Oregon."
"You came down with the Oregon
troops?"
"Yes, madam."
"And they took you at the Presidio T*
"Yes, madam."
"How did they find you out?"
"By the description card, I suppose.
It was quite awhile that they didn't
and I hoped that I might get to the
front — " he looked dejectedly away.
"You wanted to fight?"
"Yes, madam."
"I think you ought to let him," I said
to Captain Hobbs, as the man went
back to his table. "Don't you think
he's a brave man?"
"I dare say." The Captain shrugged
his shoulders.
"And there isn't the slightest chance
for him now?"
"Not with us."
"I hope you don't mean with Spain?"
"No," said Captain Hobbs. "But
there is no regulation to prevent the en
listment of a man from here with the
Volunteers. If they knew him for a
military convict very probably they
wouldn't have him. but ir he could get
somebody to give him a certificate of
character that would pass muster at
the recruiting office there is no military
law against his using it. I understand
several non - commissioned officers
among" the Volunteers are discharged
military convicts."
"And then," said I, faithful to my
brave, "if he distinguished himself in
the field and did something particularly
heroic, you'd forgive him, wouldn't you,
and take him back into the army?
Wouldn't you?"
"I?" said Captain Hobbs. "I couldn't.
The President might."
I saw the others in the gallery leading
to the cells. Its bricks are painted white,
its roof is glass. The sun shines here
when it shines at all. The salt breeze
from the sea hurries in and out at the
open portholes past the grated doors
and sweeps the gallery clear. Here is
no foul prison smell, no dank prison
slime. The cells are clean as that waa
which has become a housewife's prov
erb. Each is furnished with an army
cot, painted white, a dresser and a
chair. All are decorated, by their in
mates, In that spirit of home adorn-,
ment so touching In captivity.
The men came singly and stood
against the whitewashed wall and ans
wered questions. Their military man
ners served them well. Some were shy
and some were shamed, but they all
stood rigidly erect and gave their ans
wers promptly. They all wanted to
fight.
One man was there for insubordina
tion; he had struck an officer and he
did not care to talk about it. The rest
were deserters.
"Where were you taken?" I asked an
Irish eye which twinkled even under
conditions such as these.
"Phure, CM nivver was taken at all.
Oi came ay me own accourd."
"That's not quite usual, is It?" I In
quired politely.
" "Faith, thin, it is. There's lots ay
poor divvils come and give themselves
up and that's all the good it is to them.
Ol deserted wanst, but whin Oi hearrud
the war news Oi wint shtraight away
and gave meself up and said Oi'd loika
to foight."
"And—?"
The Irish eye winked takingly.
"They thought me country wouldn't
need me for about two year-r-s."
But it is not every man can take a
light Irish heart to prison with him.
The next had given himself up because
he could not believe the Government
would refuse a man who wanted to
fight.
"Didn't they want me for deser
tion?" he said bitterly, ignoring the
presence of the official braid. "Wouldn't
they have held me for that if they'd
taken me? And I went and gave my
self up. I was sick of being what I
was. I wanted to serve again. And
I'm here serving — serving time."
Oh, wise government of the people,
for the people, by the people, and which
Continued on Face Twenty-Si* ,18
What We Ought to Do to Resume Our
Place Among Maritime Nations.
T* 1 f, cci States ls t0 resume lts P^ce as a great maritime nation
* e ,™ u , s have a u n adequate navy. We should have at least eighteen
battleships on the Atlantic Coast and six on the Pacific; we should
have at least two monitors for every large harbor, and we should
JL have thirty cruisers like the New York.
We should have both ships and forts for coast defense. But the most
effective force is that which is mobile. Land batteries and forts are
necessary for the defense of our seaports and seaboard cities- but we
must have a navy to operate against an alert and energetic enemy on
the ocean, to meet, beat him off, destroy or capture him.
It is impossible by fortifications alone to defend our many thousands
of miles of coast line with its numerous bays, reaches and inlets, bo as
to prevent the landing of an invading army. See how many ports there
are vn the New* England coast.
In fact, situated as we are, we must be strong and ready on the sea
for not only defensive but offensive operations. If we had had an ade
quate navy to protect our whole coast line, surround Cuba, crush Cervera's
fleet and smash the fleet at Manila the war would have been all over
by this time.
Sir Walter Raleigh said: "England is a country that can never be
conquered while the sovereigns thereof have the command of the sea;
whosoever commands the sea commands the trade, and whosoever com
mands the trade commands the riches of the world."
If the United States is to resume its place as a great maritime nation
we must have more ships. Before the civil war we built fine ships and
sailed them. But during the war the Confederacy destroyed much of our
shipping; we would not permit any ship which had carried the Confederate
fiver in the war to rfturn under our flag, and so much more of our shipping
changed hands. Then our people began to turn their attention to building
railroads aod developing the enormous internal resources of the country.
They received a greater return from this investment than they could from
ships.
Meantime conditions changed on the sea. Sails gave way to steam,
and wooden bottoms to those of iron and steel. "We had been great build
ers of wooden ships, but of iron sship building we knew little, and
gradually the business drifted away from us. I hope it is to be restored
and that we shall take the place that belongs to us among maritime
nations.
In a very short time the Pacific Ocean is going to see an enormous
development of commerce. With the building of the Nicaragua Canal
it is going to become the pathway for trade with the 400,000,000 people of
China, the 40,000,000 of Japan, the 8,000,000 in Korea and the 10,000,000 in
the Philippine Islands.
Honolulu must be the stopping place for all this commerce and it is
going to became one of the great commercial centers of the world. We
need not admit Hawaii to the Union. We can govern it as a territory,
just as we govern the District of Columbia. As to the natives, there are
only 180,000 of them and they are fast dying off. Besides, with the ac
quisition of the islands by the United States they would be settled by
American families.
We can govern the semi-barbarous population of the Philippines.
How does England govern her colonies? Let us take a lesson from her.
As to Chaunoey Depew's argument that to tax the Philippine Islanders
without representation would be a betrayal of the principles for which
we fought in 1776, I answer let the Philippine Islanders do as we did in
the Revolution and demonstrate their power and capacity for self-govern
ment. The great difficulty in controlling the Philippines or Porto Rico
would be the religious question. In all Spanish countries the Catholic
church ia supreme. Do you know that from the Isthmuß of Panama to
Cape Horn no bell can be rung for a Protestant service? Protestants can
worship in a hall if they like, but they cannot hold services in a church.
Why, it is only in England and the United States that there is any re
ligious independence.
Now there would be trouble, I am afraid, If Protestant churches were
opened In any of the Spanish colonies taken by us. The natives have been
FOREIGN CARTOONISTS'
LESSONS OF THE WAR
REAR ADMIRAL
BELKNAP
Advises
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
BY GEN NELSON A. MILES.
SUGGESTIONS FOR IMPROVING
OUR STANDING ARMY
I lay the blame for the long delay in preparing for active
operations on the smallness of our regular army.
Our standing army in time of peace should be maintained
in the proportion of one soldier to every 1000 citizens.
« GENERAL NELSON A. MILES,
Commanding United States Army.
WE have been a very long time prepar
ing for active operations. I lay the
blame for the delay on the smallness
of our regular army. I propose
when this war is over, with the co
operation of the President and Congress and
of the Secretary of War, to raise the regular
army to a point of efficiency where it will be
ready for any pressing emergency on a day's
notice. Experience in the ranks makes a man
a better citizen in private life than if he had
never understood through practical experience
the meaning of army discipline.
During recent years it has been my privi
lege to visit Germany and other foreign coun
tries, and while upon these journeys I have
studied the effect of military training upon the
citizens. Inasmuch as military service is only
optional in the United States, we jfcive not the
disciplined, material to draw from that exists
in countries where every man over 12 is, to a
certain extent, a soldier. Therefore we ought to ,
have an army of more than seventy thousand
men and the rrmy ought at all times to be kept
up to the ratio of one soldier to every 1000 in
habitants of this country.
Look at tbe aations of Europe. German y.
for example, is a nation of soldiers. Every
able-bodied citizen must serve in the army for a
certain number of years. So must the men
of France.
I was talking with a German officer not
long ago, and he told me that the effects of the
German system were excellent in more than a
military sense. The German Government takes
the raw citizsn and makes of him a man, with
not only a military but a social training. It
makes him bathe. It makes him comb and
brush his hair. It teaches him to keep his
clothing clean.. It requires a certain amount
of athletic exercise and improves his physical |
condition. It requires him to walk erect. But
above all, it teaches him discipline.
The Oerman system makes men — it does
more; it makes gentlemen. It makes good cit
By General Nelson A. Miles.
izens, with respect for authority.
Beyond all question military service makes
a better man better fitted for the duties of civil
life than hw would have been without it. it
teaches him to concentrate his mind on what
he is doing. He carries with him into busi
ness and professional life the idea that there is
a right way to do a thing, and that that is
always the way to do it. It does not make the
citizen less original, but it makes him quicker
in his actions, more decisive in his speech. It
polishes him as nothing else on earth could
possibly do.
I do not think the German system of mili
tary service could be successfully introduced
in this country. It is not suited to our peo
ple. And I think it is not necessary to our
safety. We do not need to be prepared as
the nations of Euroj c must be. Still, we must
be ready for conflict at any time. And we are
not ready when our chief reliance must bo
placed in our militia.
See the condition of our army to-day.
Many of the men are without uniforms. Some
of them have guns of one kind, soms of an
other.
The regular army, on the other hand, has
been prepared for active service from the mo
ment war began.
As I stated above, the standing army in
time of peace should be maintained in the pro
portion of one soldier to every 1000 citizens.
Our present population being in round num
bers 70,000,000, that would give us an army
of 70,000. As we increase in numbers so the
size of our army would grow and thus the pro
portion be constantly observed.
If that were 'he case we should be in no
danger of iinding ourselves as at the beginning
of this present war, with an army ridiculously
inferior in point of numbers when its duties
are considered.
We do not need the standing armies of
Europe in the TJnited States, but it will always
be wise to have an army of adequate propor
tions to the size of the country.
U. S. SENATOR
SEWELL
Writes on
iThe Proper Way to Meet the Ever-Chang
♦ ing Demands Now Made on the Nation. '
arm^u?ht N ?o T Sfve?een-'i JUne I J- To the Sunda^ CalJ: regular
MiTes sSsts oSa^Pri n greased years ago and should be as General
population 0 B E.°e™ thai even^^m™ 6 6Very th ° USand ° f the
but If we had had it th, .it tlu y Wou!fl be comparatively small,
£"£ ts^SoS stirusriTss: saftsSr enabled
nuded the coumrTo? 7?, PUrSUed f ° r So many years ™ have de
manv months to r)"t t n , at «°nal forces, relying on volunteers, which require
a^Sis arrives H, it em in . shape> and at such an enormous cost when
wolThaTe^ent^ unln^lldV^o^ 0^ Guard at thIS tlme we
xt V ' hil , e nhe eat def enses of the country must always be based on the
National Guard and the volunteers, at the same time I believe that we
ought to have a regular army of a moderate number, which would be
ready to take the field under any and all circumstances at a momfnt'l
notice. The failure to preserve a reasonable organization in proportion
to the population of the country has been demonstrated on two occasions
as extremely costly and inimical to the best interests of the republic.
In the war of the rebellion if we had had a regular army of a reason
able number the result might have been different at the start, and to-day
if our regular army had consisted of 75.000 men, 60,000 thoroughly organ
ized, disciplined troops might have been placed in Cuba without any de
lay. I fully believe we are capable of overcoming even this situation and
that the National Guard and the volunteers will immediately fill and
occupy it.
The military situation changes materially every moment. No one sup
posed that we would be obliged to send troops to the Philippines, and
personally, I have been opposed to it. V :
I would have preferred that Commodore Dewey after his great suc
cess in the destruction of the Spanish fleet, should have left Manila and
assembled his fleet at Honolulu. That is the natural outpost of this
country, which means in the future the construction of the Nicaragua
Canal. But I have no objection to the occupation of the Philippines and
will support the administration in that matter, as I do in everything else,
believing that whatever is determined by the President and his advisers
is the proper thing to do. . W. J. SEWELL,
United States Senate Committee on Military Affairs.
taught to believe that Protestants are heretics, with no hope of salvation.
To see them permitted to hold services in a church would stir up strife,
and nothing can make more trouble than a question of religion.
It is not true, as E. J. Phelps says, that we must develop a race of
sailors before we can take a place among naval powers.
We inherited an aptitude for the sea. There were never any better
sailors than American seamen before the war. It was the diversion of
interest from our shipping that made them turn to other occupations. By
nature we are bailors. An Englishman said to an American commander
jestingly: "Why do you talk so much of the superiority of Americans?
You were all English not so long ago."
And the American answered: "We are now English a little improved."
When we look at the map and note the fact that our shores are washed
by the Atlantic and Pacific and the waters of the Gulf of Mexico and
Puget Sound, we see that as regards a war with any maritime power we
are quite as open to an attack by an enemy's fleet as are the seagirt
shores of Great Britain.
In attacking an enemy beyond our borders as we are doing to-day a
naval force is a prime necessity: a force to which must be confided the
first operations in a war like that which we are now waging against
Spain.
Cervera.'s action in going Into Santiago harbor looks to me like very
bnd strategy. Of course he could never have hoped to come out. But we
don't know yet what drove him in. Possibly lack of ooal. or the breaking
down of his' machinery compelled him to seek refuge there.
IDEA OF THE WARRICHARD PEARS* >N H< "US' IN,
although only 28 years old, has
. hia name high on the
walls of "Fame's proud tera
ad all t"-rause of pluck
determination.
To he sure the dating act of sinking
• lerrimac across the entrance to the
harbor of .Santiago <j. Cuba Is the only
•it of Mr. Hobson'a of which the
world has knowledge. But the fact
that the young oflie>;r possessed pluck
and determination far above the av
erage Is well known. In fact, there
are records to show it.
When still only a boy pluck and per
severance were Hobson's ruling char
acteristics. The desire to k^i ahead
in the world and amount to something
was almost a passion before he kj.s in
his teenk
It was this determination that
prompted him, before he was 14 years
oid, to make an effort to enter the Na
val Academy. And how he did work
to do it. ■ But he succeeded. in the
course of time all the preliminaries
were gone through with and lie
up for examination, passing with the
highest honors. And so he left his
paternal home in Alabama and became
a cadet at Annapolis oh May 21,
During ;he four years' study that fol
lowed Hobson k>-pt in the front in his
classes and at the final examination
.1 with ail the honors obtainable.
His percentage for the four years'
study was nearly 90 per cent, B
thing unheard of in the annals of the
academy.
In conformity to the system at the
Naval Academy which assigns cadets
to the different branches of the naval
service according to their preference
and proficiency, Hobson and Rock were
selected for the Naval Constructors'
Corps, to which the cream of the school
goes.
And after having dropped Into his
coveted place Hobson still kept up his
determination to get ahead. By show
ing a diligence and perseverance he
tain his reward by being
sent to Paris to study naval construc
tion in the Polytechnic SchooL He re
iroad three years and re
h honors. Since that time
he has held the position of assistant
naval constructor, and in January last
Etood No. 1 on the list for promotion,
urse, now it is bound to come as
a natural sequence of his daring ex
ploit.
iMirinsr the war In the Orient Hobson
was selected by the Secretary of the
Navy, upoij the recommendation of
chief Constructor Hichborn. to repre
sent the United States navy on Japan
ese war vessels, where he could have
an opportunity to pen «erve
modern warfare at sea. The Bureau of
Navigation, under Commodore Ram
say, and the entire line corps made
such decided objections to what they
considered an innovation upon their
prerogatives, that the project was re
luctantly abandoned and Assistant
Constructor Hobson was lefl to ini
prove his knowledge in doing duty at
irenu and at the New York Navy
yard up to the time whr-n the man and
the occasion seem to have met and fit
ted.
And when the occasion did come It
was pluck find courage that enabled
him to undertake it, and determination
that enabled him to carry it to a roc
cessful ending.
As Hobeon'B record now strings it is
unprecedented In naval annals. With
out any previous experience in actual
warfare thin young officer ha? success
fully performed one of the most daring
featfs in history.
When it became known that the ed
miral wished the entrance to Santiago
harbor blocked Lieutenant Hobson was
one of the first to apply for the privi
lege of doing the blocking. The plan
was his own, and by his earnestness
and known reliability he convinced his
superior officers of its feasibility.
What must have been the feeling of
the young man, as he stood on the
bridge of the empty and almost desert
ed steamer Merrimac. and guided her
right into the mouths of the Spanish
truns. The cannon roared, and shot and
shell fell like hail ;ill around him. Still
he kept on. although his vessel was
being riddled. The men in the engine
room kept at their posts until the ves
sel was just where h<» wished it. Th^n
the little crew assembled on deck, the
torpedo in the bow was exploded and
took to the small boats. Escape to
their own watching fleet in such a hail
of deadly fir" was impossible, so they
rowed straight to Admiral Cervera's
.. The Spanish sailors recognized
their pluck and daring and received
them with cheers.
What was attempted had b«e n ac
complished, and the funken Merrimac
effectually blocked the escape from
Santiago of the Spanish fleet. Negotla
j-.v under way to exchange
■>n and his companions for . pun
ish prisoners. It. is expected that the
heroes will all l>e hack in the Ameri
can navy within a fortn'trht.
At last reports Lieutenant Hohson
and his mates are in Morro Castle
being treated as honorable prisoners of
war. They escaped the shells of our
own fleet that bombarded the forts a
few days after their capture.
It is the general opinion that Lieu
tenant Hobson's daring act will rank
in American history with the plucky
deeds of Decatur, Cushtng and Paul
Jones.
LIEUT CUSHING'S
Destruction of the
ALBEMARLE.
AMONG the naVal heroes of the
civil war none have achieved
more well-earned fame than
rushing, whose whole career
•was conspicuous tor deeds of
daring.
Cashing when in command of a small
steamer on blockade service thought
nothing of pursuing the enemy into his
: own inland watene and destroying ves
sels which the Confederates supposed
to be securely defended by land bat
! teries.
One of his exploits was so extreme in
1 its daring as to savor almost of bur
• lesque. In the winter of 1864, when
blockading the Cape Fear River, Cush-
Ing determined to pay a visit to Smith
ville in a small boat with a crew of
only six men. Fort Caswell, guarding
the mouth of the river, mounted many
heavy guns and Smithvillo, two miles
further up, was well fortified besides
being strongly garrisoned. But Cush
ing, with his invariable good fortune,
pushed safely through and actually
landed in Smithville, close to the bat
tery. He walked calmly across the
street to General Herbert's house and
f<mnd two staff officers there. Drawing
his pistol he requested them to sur
render, and though one officer escaped
he actually managed to carry off Major
j Kelly a prisoner. Cushing, with his
captive, was back in his boat and away
down the river before the alarm could
jbe given. .
Cushing's calmness of demeanor in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
HOBSON ADDS A STAR TO THE GLORIOUS DEEDS OF THE AMERICAN NAVY
"A MORE BRAVE AND DARING THING HAS NOT BEEN
DONE SiNCE CUSHING BLEW UP THE ALBEMARLE."—
ADMIRAL SAMPSON.
the face of the most trying conditions
■was never better demonstrated than at
Newbern. He was in command of a
party of sailors dragging navy how
itzers and when landing on the marsh
lost his shots and hax. Pressing on
bareheaded and barefooted he encoun
tered the servant of Captain Johnson
of the army, who had a spare pair of
boots slung over his shoulder. Cush-
Ing impressed the boots despite the
servant's objections, directing him to
Inform his master that lieutenant
Cushing of the navy was barefooted
and had borrowed them for the day.
Put far the most brilliant exploit of
Cushing, by which his name will always
be i ' rnembered by his country, was the
destruction of the armored Confederate
rani, Albermarle.
The enemy had been forewarned of
his intention to blow the ship up with
a torpedo and had secured the Alber
marle snugly to a wharf at Plymouth.
A cordon of logs surrounded her at a
distance of thirty feet, a company of
soldiers with small arms and howitzers
were on the wharf to defend her and
the crew on board stood ready at their
guns. The enemy was vigilant enough
to detect Cushing's approach in a small
torpedo-boat and at once poured a
shower of shot and shell upon him. But
the little craft stole In unhurt, forced
her way over the boom and thrust her
torpedo against the side of the fated
Albermarle.
At this moment a shell from a heavy
gun completely wrecked the torpedo
bnat and she went down Just as her
torpedo exploded. The work was well
done, for the Albermarle was complete
ly destroyed and a serious blow was
struck at the power of the Confederate
fleet.
Fortunately Cushing's life was Bayed
and for this daring act he was pro
moted to be a lieutenant commander.
L«ike Decatur he came to an untimely
end when his years of service were
over. In 1874 his health failed, then
his mind went, and he died insane at
the early age of 32 years.
STEPHEN DECATUR'S
Burning of the
PHILADELPHIA
FEW careers have been more full
of stirring adventure than that
of Stephen Decatur, who served
in the United States Navy dur-
ing the opening years of the
century. He entered the service aa a
midshipman In 1797. Two years later
he became a lieutenant.
He f ought in the frigate United States
when she captured the English ship
Macedonian in 1812, and as a regard
j was promoted to the command of the
I President.
Decatur's most, brilliant exploit oc
curred in 1804, when he was only a lieu
tenant, serving in the first American
The United States frigate Philadel
phia, under the command of Captain
Bainbridge, had the misfortune to be
captured by the enemy. Bainbridge
was cruising off Tripoli and had chased
a cruiser into shoal water. He endeav
ored t<> haul off, but unfortunately
stuck hard and fast on a reef. Tripoli
tan gunboats surrounded the Philadel
phia andshewaa compelled to strike her
flag. Then the pirates went to worjs
and after a few days succeeded in float
ing the frigate and bringing her in un
der the guns of the castle. Meanwhile
the crew were taken as slaves and to
the number of some 300 put to hard la
bor.
Now came Decatur's turn, and owing
to his courage and skill the Tripolitans
were despoiled of the fruits of their
victor}-. The gallant young officer took
command of a captured Tripoli tan craft
named the Intrepid and, with a crew
of but seventy-five men, entered the
harbor at night, sailing right under the
heavy guns of the castle.
The cool audacity of the Americans
dismayed the enemy. Decatur ranged
alongside the Philadelphia within half
gunshot of the Pasha's castle, his gal
lant crew boarded, and with an irre
sistible onslaught drove the enemy
overboard at the point of the cutlass.
Then Decatur set the Philadelphia on
fire and remained alongside until the
flames had gained absolute control and
nothing but a smoldering hulk was left
for the Tripolitans to claim.
His work done he retired in safety,
the most remarkable circumstance
about this brave feat being that not a
single American life was lost.
PAUL JONES'
Capture of the
SERAPIS.
THE first and one of the most fas
cinating characters in American
naval history is Paul Jones, the
famous hero of the Revolutionary
War. He held a commission in
the first fleet which the colonies, so
soon to become a great nation, equipped
and his example of cool, undaunted
bravery undoubtedly did much to stim
ulate the sailors of the infant navy.
To give a list of Paul Jones' exploit^
would require a volume, but they were
BO striking that all Europe— even his
enemies— gave full recognition to his
sailor-like skill and courage. All the
famous statesmen of the Revolution
admired him; Washington, Lafayette
and Jefferson were loud in his praise,
and sedate old Benjamin Franklin
summed up his character In the one
historic phrase, "For Captain Paul
Jones ever loved close fighting."
The exploit chiefly associated with
Paul Jones' memory is hia truly mar-
velous capture of the British frigate
Serapis by the old Bon Honime Rich
ard. It was one of the most closely
contested sea duels known to history,
and nothing ever brought Paul Jones'
obstinate, reckless courage into higher
relief, nothing— though more than a
century has passed — more conclusively
proved the fitness of the American
sailor for naval warfare.
The battle occurred on September 2,
1778, off Flamborough Head, on the east
coast of England. Paul Jones, with
his tiny squadron, consisting, besides
his own ship, of the Pallas, Active and
Vengeance, fell in with a convoy of
British merchantmen, escorted by the
forty-gun frigate, the Serapis, and a
small vessel, the Countess of Scarbor
ough. The other American ships tools
but little part in the action; it was
practically a duel between the Bon
Homme Richard and the Serapis. The
day was drawing to a close when the
fight began, but all through the night
Paul Jones maintained an undaunted
front. Many of his guns, being old
and worthless, burst, his ship was on
fire in a dozen places, water poured into
her from a dozen gaping leaks, and,
worst of all, he had over a hundred
prisoners confined below, who were
ready to mutiny and capture the ship
as soon as they could make their es
cape.
Yet during the lull in the fight, when
the Serapis swung alongside the Bon
Horame Richard and hailed, asking
Paul Jones if he had surrendered, he
replied in firm tones, "We haven't be
gun to fight yet." ■«".,
The words were almost prophtic. for
from that moment the tide of battle
turned in favor of the American hero.
The masts of the Serapis were shot
away, her decks were cleared by the
accurate fire of the American muskets,
and last of all her magazine was ex
ploded.
This feat, which practically won the
battle, was performed by a gallant
American sailor, who climbed out on
the mainyard until he was directly over
the main hatchway of tne Serapis.
From this coign of vantage he dropped
lighted hand grenades down her hold.
One of these reached the magazine and
a terrific explosion followed. Finally
the Serapis hauled down her flag to a
i-inking ship and Paul Jones transferred
his crew to the raptured vessel. The
Bon Hnramc Richard was so badly
shatterrd that she foundered soon
afterward.
WITH DEWEY
At
MANILA.
AGAIN and again has the story of
Manila been told, and the very
manner of Its telling is enough
to cause a thrill of American
pride; for the story comes from
the pen or the lips of men who were
there on that grreat day, who steamed
into a harbor where the waters were
supposed to be instinct with death, be
tween hostile forts and straight for the
fleet of the enemy. Yet while they did
this they were as devoid of fear as
though going through a series of friend
ly maneuvers. While cannon thundered,
shells foil on every side, and at times
clouds of smoke obscured the scene,
they watched with eager, straining eye
and some of them took notes as calmly
as though battle was a play. All this
shows a. phase of the courage which
covered with glory the navy of the
United States, made immortal the name
of George Dewey, and set the Stars
and Stripes waving in strange lands.
But for years the. brave tale will still
be related, and Americans will be
thrilled to hear it.
H. J. Walsh of the Olympia had no
time in which to take notes. Stripped
like his comrades, he served his gun,
and only paused to cheer when word
was passed that some shot had struck
home. Walsh has sent to a friend in
this city an account of the engage
ment. It possesses peculiar interest as
being from the standpoint not of an
officer, but of one of the actual fight
ers, the men who took orders and
obeyed them unflinchingly and with
patriotic zeal, their love for the flag
as keen as that of the man who rtood
on the bridge. The letter is as follows:
MANILA, Philippine Islands.
May 4, ISPS.
Dear Friend John: Since I wrote you
that last letter a great change has taken
place on this coast. Where the Spanish
flag flew a short time ago there now files
the white flag of truce, and I can assure
you that the Spanish will never forget it
as long as they live.
I told you in my last letter that I
thought we were going to have a scrap
with the Spanish, and we had it.
We left Mlrs Bay— twenty miles from
Hongkong— on the 26th of April at 2p. m.,
and proceeded in the direction of Manila,
and we never stopped until we met and
defeated, the Spanish in one of the most
stubborn contests ever fought in modern
times, and with modern guns on both
sides. It was one of the greatest sights
I have ever witnessed, and one of the
most brilliant victories in the world's
naval history.
I must give them (the Spanish) th<Mr
dues. They fought a hard fight, and died
at their posts like soldiers.
In one ship, the Rclna Crlstina, the
Spanish admiral's flagship, were carried
600 all told, and only sixty are accounted
for. and they are all in the hospital. We
cut that ship all to pieces, and when she
went about to try to get away, a shot
struck her square in the stern, and
went right through her. All at once she
was in a blaze of fire. Those that were
not shot away were cremated in the
burning ship.
We went by the outer forts at 11:40
p. m. in single file in the following rout
ine: Flagship Olympia, Admiral Dewey;
Baltimore, Captain Dyer; Raieigh. Cap
tain Coughlin; Concord, Captain Walker;
Petrel, Captain Woods: revenue cutter
McCulloch. Captain Elliott; transports
Zafaro and Nanshan and the Boston.
Captain Wildes, in the rear. The night
was very dark, and we were all past the
forts but the two transports and the
Boston when they discovered us and
opened fire on us. The blaze from their
guns had not died out when the Boston
answered it. As every man stood by his
gun with his shirt off and a necker
chief tied around his head they looked
like the pictures of old-time fighters.
That one shot from the Boston killed
forty men in the forts. We then proceed
ed up the. bay until we came in sight of
the enemy's fleet. Everything was very
quiet until we came within 10,000 yards
of them, when the Spanish flagship
opened fire on us. We did not answer
them until we were within 6000 yards,
every man standing by his gun with his
lock Btrlng lp his hand.
The word was given to fire, and you
can bet there was no time lost. Their
fleet of fourteen ships, the forts, arsenal
and navy yard (larger than Mare Island)
fired on us all at one time. Their inner
fort has ninety large guns, all told, so
you can see we were kept very busy for
a while. ' We were fighting one hour and
thirty minutes when the Spanish admiral
struck Ms colors. Three hearty cheer*
went up from our boys, but it was only
fur a few minutes, as the Spanish ad
miral hoisted his Hay on another ship,
the Castllla, as his first flagship was all
ablazi . and sinking fast.
We then wi nt at it ag-ain, this time
with more determination to do or die.
In ;i short time we had their whole fleet
on tire and the torpedo boats driven on
the beach. At 8:30 the word came to
Tiring, as there was not a Spanish
fi.ig floating anywhere in sight to shoot
:it.
We then called on th<* Governor General
to sin-render all the forts, which he did.
One dose was enough for him, and now
wo have spiked every gun in this har
bor. ,
John, our forefathers may be dead, but
if you had Been that battle you would
think their spirit as much alive to-day
as ever it was. I tan tell y»u that wa
avenged the deaths of our dead com
rades of the Maine in good old American
style. Before this battle if they knew
you were an American they would spit
in your face. But since the bombard
ment things have changed. When they
meet an American now they saJute him
with both hands.
One man was found with his hand on
the throttle, with a shot through his
body. We found him on one of the small
gunboats that had retreated up the river.
During the engagement one of the maga
zines in the arsenal was struck with an
eight-inch shell and exploded, killing: 800
men.
We expect another fleet out here soon.
and when they do come we will give
them a warm reception. We are lying as
peacefully here now as if nothing had
happened, but we have our weather ey«
open on the Spaniards.
I will give you the full details in my
next letter. No more at present. Re
spectfully, H. J. WAJ-SH,
U. S. S. Olympia.
• * • •
ANOTHER bc-y who saw the bat
tle of Manila is W. J. Nokas. A
few weeks ago he was living In
this city, but he thought he would
like to see "a little action," so
he joined the Olympia as an apprentic*
and sailed away to where fighting wai
to be had. And beautiful fighting it
was, according to the story he haa Just
sent home to his relatives in this city.
Of course the story of the battle of
Manila has been told as well as it ever
will be told, but there were incident*
connected with it that escaped the
watchful eyes of the correspondents.
Before the battle commenced, say*
young Nokas, there was great conster
nation among the crew of the Olympia
over the fear of flying splinters. Th«
bluejackets did not seem to have any
fear of being shot by the Spaniards,
but in some mysterious manner got it
into their heads that the shells burst
ing near by would cause the air to b*
filled with fragments of chairs and
tables. To obviate this danger the boy*
watched their chances and threw every
movable piece of woodwork overboard.
Of course they did not suffer from
flying splinters during the heat of th*
hard-fought battle, but when breakfast
time came they had to eat standing up*.
And the chances are they have been
eating that way ever since, for the cap
tain did not like the foolish destruction
of Uncle Sam's furniture. However,
after considering the way the boys be
haved during the engagement he mad*
no attempt to punish any of them.
Young Nokas saw the first shot of
the battle fired by the Baltimore. H«
■was right in the thick of the fight,
where shells were bursting all around
and Spaniards were being killed by th*
hundred, and says that he did not feel
the least bit afraid.
The excitement was so great that
none of the boys had time to think of
feeling afraid. But after It was all
over and they saw the exeat destruo
tion that had been caused the Span
iards they fully realized the horrors of
war and were glad they had such a
grand leader as Dewey, who saved
them from a similar or worse fate.
1920
CUT CABLES WITH THE BULLETS RAINING AROUND THEM .
"ALL THIS WHILE THE BULLETS AND SHELLS FELL THICK AND OUR BOATS WERE FULL OF HOLES, BUT WE KEPT SHOOTING AND CUTTING AWAY."
Special War Correspondence of The Call.
KEY WEST, Pja., June 9.— ln
the hospitals of Key West to
day I heard from lips that
twitched with pain, while the
eyes above them flashed with
pride, simple stories told by
the heroes of the war between the Uni
ted States and Spain — the common
sailors who have given of their blood
for their country.
They made no boast of their valor;
they made no complaint of their suf
fering; they grieved that they were
wounded, but only because their com
panions, more fortunate than they
when shot and shell were raining, had
sailed away in search of further glory
and had left them helpless behind.
Moßt of them are young fellows; all
of them are above the average of In
telligence. They are the victims of
their first experience In action; they
told me it was target practice.
In a stuffy ward at the barracks I
found a •fair, curly headed youngster
who wrote his name for me, "H. Kush
meister, of New York," and who, when
I asked him what he was, said: "Oh,
just a marine — one of McCalla's of the
Marblehead."
Men who care for details in history
can well spare adjectives to praise him.
He was one of those brave spirits who,
in launches, protected only by their
rifles and a small rapid firing gun
whose supply of ammunition lasted
SUBMARINE CABLES ACROSS TK|E SEAT OF WAR.
Stories of the volunteers who ran fight under the guns and over the mines of Genfuegos and San Juan and cut the cables connecting Cuba with Spain.
only a few minutes, cut the cables at
Cienfuegos in the faces of fifteen hun
dred Spaniards pouring bullets in
streams from the Mausers.
A bullet entered his mouth and tore
a terrible exit through his left cheek.
He is up, however, and cheerful, though
now and again the pain is so great that
tears are forced from his eyes and the
torture of talking is awful.
"Yes," he said, when I asked him to
tell me about his experience, "they had
us in a tough place, and if they had
been any good we never would have
got back to the Marblehead alive. We
left the ship, some of us in a steam
launch and others in a sailing launch.
From the Xashville men were sent in
the same fashion.
"We were picked — that is, we were
volunteers. I got into it because I
have lots of medals as a marksman
and wanted to show that I could hit
Spaniards as well as targets. We went
out to cut those cables under orders,
and we did it — all but one, and that
doesn't amount to anything, because
it only runs to Santiago. Of course
we were under the guns of the cruiser
and the gunboat, but. then, we ran in
about forty feet from the shore, and
could see the whiskers of the Spaniards
once In a while before we got views of
their retreating backs. But I guess
I'll have to give it up now. This mouth
of mine where the Mauser hit me is be
ginning to howl for me to stop.
"How does it feel to be hit by a Mau
ser? I can't just tell you that, be
cause I don't know. I just didn't have
any head at all. You spe, I was kneel
ing in the boat and taking aim. Oh,
I had a beautiful bead on a Spaniard
who showed above the bushes. The
THE SAXFEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
next thing I knew I had a sore face,
and was on the "Wlndom, being taken to
Key West. Davis, I guess you'd bet- "
ter take up the story now. I'm done
up on talk."
Davis had hobbled into the room on
crutches while I was listening to his
mate. He is known to his shipmates on
the Marbleheod as "Jock," and is a
gunner's mate. His shore home is New
York. He is sturdy, not more than
24 years old, and a splendid type, of
bright-eyed boyish-faced manhood, and
is happy, although a bullet ploughed a
hole clear through his right leg below
the knee.
"Well, you sue," he began, "it was
just like this. Our captain, McCalla,
said he wanted some men to go out in
small boats and cut those cables, and I
was in the bunch that wanted to go
and take a shot or two to help get
square fcr t-.e Maine. Well, the captain
that day he lined us up on deck and he
says:
" 'Now, boys, I want you to know
what you're doing. You ain't going to
no picnic. This isn't a Sunday-school
party, or an excursion, either. Some of
you may come back dead, maybe, so
now's your cha.ice to get out of it.'
"That made us ju^t hurry to get the
boats out, anO. away we started, and
just as we were petting under way poor
Reagan — him that was killed— says,
'Boys, there ain't a Spanish bullet ma'do
that can kill me.' Poor old boy, they
sent one clean through his head from
the front and he dropped dead in the
boat.
"When we began to go toward shnre
the Spaniards cut loose, and it seemed
as if sixteen thousar^ guns was pour-
CABLES OF THE WORLD ARE
"MESSENGER CALLS" IN WAR TIME
They are a tremendous advantage over old time methods, and now a naval surprise is almost
an impossibility. The recent maneuvers of the American and Spanish fleets in Cuban waters is a fair
sample of the game which the cable makes it possible to play in naval operations. Below will be
found a comprehensive article on how the big powers use this "world-wide messenger service" in
war time.
ORMERLY when two nations
engaged in a naval war it was
possible for either to so direct
the movements of its fleets as to
keep the enemy constantly guess
ing, uncertain where to expect an at
tack. The cable has changed all this,
he can direct his own game, whether
it be to checkmate his rival or to sweep
him from the board.
The experience of the past few weeks
has proved that a surprise is practical
ly impossible in a naval attack at the
present day. Even in the broad At
lantic a fleet is hardly able to shake
off the newspaper correspondents who
can always reach some cable office in
time to inform the world of its move
ments. On its first approach to land,
whether that land be hostile or neutral,
there are more correspondents and
agents of the enemy's government to
herald its approach. The cablegram
can travel a million times as fast as
the swiftest cruiser and with the pres
ent network of cable lines it can
travel to almost any corner of the
globe.
It was the cable that made it possi
ble in the present war for the Ameri
cans to win theif first victory on the
opposite side of the world within ten
days of the declaration of hostilities.
It is the cable that has permitted the
officials in Washington to follow and
direct the movements of the fleets
under Sampson and Schley and Howell,
and to keep tabs on the Oregon during
her long journey around tne Horn.
As soon as Spain's flotilla left the
Cape Verde Islands the cable made it
known in Washington. In all the isl
ands of the Caribbean men waited to
Ing balls from hell all around us. One
solid shot as big as your head went
between me and Lieutenant Anderson
and just missed sending us to grlory by
dropping in the water a few inches
away. Then the Marblehead and the
Nashville bega . to give it to them hot,
and the Spaniards kept answering with
Mausers and from a battery that we
couldn't make out for a while, vntll we
paw that the sneaks had played a mean
trick.
"You know by International law a
lighthouse is safe in war. Well, what
did those Spaniards do but use the
lighthouse t<> throw us off— that is, they
put the battery In front of the light
house.
"Well, after a while we got about
forty feet from the shore, and while
some were firing away with their rifles
at the men on shore more of us fished
for eabl«s. At last we got one up on
the boat and began to saw. It took
half an hour to do that, and the bullets
were falling worse than a thunder
storm of rain drops.
"I got hit in the right leg. At first I
didn't fed nothing and then when the
bullet spread my leg felt bigger than a
New York sky scraper. A couple of
other fellows got hit, too, but we kept
our mouths .shut, us that didn't faint,
because we didn't want to make the
follows that was working scared. But
I,ord! you couldn't scare them if you
told them a ton of dynamite was under
them.
"And It's a fact, sir, we was over a
lot of mines. We found it out after
wards. We saw a fellow — or it was
poor Ernest Suntzenlcn of Brooklyn,
that died here after his leg was cut
off, that spotted him. I'm getting ahead
announce the fleet's appearance. It ar
rived at Martinique. The news was
flashed to Washington. Washington
flashed its orders back to Sampson.
Sampson moved east. The Spanish
squadron disappeared. In a day a cable
gram from the Dutch island of Cur
acao announced its arrival there. Again
the news was flashed to Sampson and
again Sampson changed his course in
accordance with its import.
This is a fair sample of the game
which the cable will make it possible
to play in any naval operations. Of
course it is a two-bladed weapon. Spain
has been as well informed of the move
ments of the American ships as we
have of the porformances of the Don's
sailors, In some cases perhaps better.
Spain controls more ends of th-? many
stranded line than does the United
States, at least more of the ends that
are of importance in the present con
test. This may lessen the advantage
of the new war factor from our point
of view; it does not lessen ita import
ance.
A perusal of the war news of the past
few weeks may have given thf- reador
a bettor idea of the cable system of the
world than he had before, but at best
it is likely that his conception of its
magnitude is haxy and Incorrect. For
his instruction it may be mentioned
th*t there are in rough numbers 200,000
miles of cable under the nvers, bays'
and oceans of our little round earth,
ana that these are under the control of
some thirty different governments and
as many private companies. This great
stretch of wire weighs probably 8 000,
000 tons and is enough to encircle the
globe eight times.
As a matter of fact, It does not really
encircle the globe. The Pacific has
never been spanned by the cable, but
the Atlantic and Indian Oceans and
nearly all the smaller seaa have been
of the story, but here goes.
"There was a little house where the
cable landed. Suddenly Sunteznlch hol
lers, 'There's a Spaniard with whis
kers!' and sure enough, we saw a fel
low running toward the little house.
'Watch me hit him,* and he did hit
him, too. It was his last shot. A bul
let struck him a minute later and
wounded him so that when his leg was
cut off he died. Well, the fellow with
the whiskers, we found out afterward,
was running to that little house to
touch off the mines there and blow
us up.
"All this, while the bullets and shells
was thick and our boats got almost
full of holes, but only five of us and one
from the Nashville got hurt. By and
by the Spaniards began to feel the heat
and ran away to cool off. There was
about fifteen hundred of them. The
lighthouse battery kept on pumping,
but our boys stuck to their work and
sawed another cable.
"Then we picked up the third cable,
but we were about ready to sink and it
only went to Santiago anyway, so we
went back to the ship."
"What did the captain say to you
when you returned?" I asked.
"Oh, I don't know about that," was
the reply. "When T got back to the
Marblehead my leg began to hurt. But,
Bay, bore's a fellow that ought to be
dead by what the doctors said. Come
on, Hendrlchsen, and tell how you
fooled them."
A young man with timid down on
lip and cheek stopped up to me, drew
back his blouse and showed me a patch
of plaster low down on his right side.
"I wish you'd tell my friends in New
Tork that the Spaniards couldn't kill
crossed by it. The furthest stretch at
present traversed by the line of elec
tric communication is from the West
ern coast of America across the Atlan
tic, Europe, Asia and Australasia, to
the French penal settlement at New
Caledonia, in the Pacific, which is be
tween 4000 and 5000 miles from San
Francisco.
This side of the world Is well sup
plied with cable lines. There are
MAP Op Th|E SUBMARINE CABLES OF THE WORLD.
me," ne saia. "I was slated to die, but
here I am and I'll be fighting again if
they don't hurry up and finish this war.
You see this plaster in front of me cov
ers an end of a hole that goes right
through me. The other end is in my
back. See — " and he showed me a sim
ilar plaster, but larger, that covered
the place where the Mauser made its
exit.
While Hendrlchsen was showing his
wonderful wound to me a man in a
neighboring bed sat up. His head was
swathed in bandages and he could not
talk, but at a sign from him "Jack"
Davis briefly told me his story. His
name is Robert Volz, his home San
Francisco and his ship the Nashville.
"He was hit six times," said Davis,
"and two bullets made wicked tracks
in his head. Others grazed his body, a
couple of them just being far enough
out to miss his heart, but they made
their marks just above It. He'll be all
right in a few weeks."
J. J. Doran of Fall River, Mass., a
boatswain's mate on the Marblehead,
was also in the hospital. He was sleep
ing while I was a visitor there. His in
juries are not serious.
From the barracks hospital I went to
the convent, which has been turned
over to the Government, and there I
found battered heroes of the lowa at
San Juan. First was George Merkle of
New York, a private of marines, who
was so badly wounded in the right arm
that the doctors cut it off last Sunday.
Only two of the men there were able
to tell their story. They were John
Engle of Baltimore and John Mitchell
of New York, both able seamen.
Mitchell was wounded by a fragment
of shell that tore to his ribs on the
right side and Engle carried crutches
because of a damaged right foot.
"The bombardment of San Juan,"
said Engle, "was mostly amus<_iiifnt
for the men on the lowa. We didn't
lose a shell we sent toward the bat
teries, because, you see, ever since the
Maine was blown up we have had tar
get practice nearly every day and we
bad no excuse for wasting ammuni
tion.
"I remember that I heard one man
■who was at a gun with me say every
time she was fired, 'I wonder how many
Spaniards that hit?'
twelve of them crossing the Atlantic.
Of these five belong to the Anglo-
American Company, three to the Com
mercial Cable, one to the Direct United
States, one to the French Atlantic, and
two to the American Telegraph and
Cable Company, which is operated in
connection with the Western Union.
The many lines and the resultant
competition have brought the cost or
communication between New York and
London down to a fairly low figure,
25 cents per>word, but when one tries
to r^ach more remote parts of the
"How did we feel under fire? Why,
just full of fun. The boys were sing
ing, and down on the berth deck,
where the batteries were being held in
reserve, they had a series of waltzes
while we were at work in the turrets
and on the spar deck. There was
singing and cheering and some of us
enjoyed good smokes while the firing
was going on.
"Suddenly a shell burst over our
heads and there came a rain of metal.
The doctor rushed up from the sick bay
and asked the chaplain if anybody had
been hurt.
"The chaplain said 'Yes,' and they
took three of us below. That stopped
the gayety for a while, and some of
the boys crowded down to see how bad
ly we were hurt. They went back to
work in a minute, though, and as soon
as they saw the damage done by the
next gun they cheered harder than
ever.
"We didn't fire so many shots at th«
forts. The Spaniards wasted an aw
ful lot on us. We just fooled them.
The ships on which pieces of shells fell
were not the ones they aimed at. Wo
were sailing in column in a circle and
firing when we got in line with our ob
ject. At first we went by at twpnty
one hundred yards. The Spaniards
tried to get that range, and I suppose
they got It, but our next move was to
go in at eighteen hundred yards, and
the shells from the forts went over us.
Of course, some of the ships going
around the circle were at the twenty
one hundred yard distance while we
were farther in. That was how the
New York and lowa happened to be
hit by bursting shells. The Spaniards
aimed at the inside ships, they thought,
and went away over them."
"How did you feel when you were
hit and what did you do?" I asked
Mitchell.
"I didn't feel at all." he said, "but
something made me whirl around. I
didn't know what it was and went
back to my gun. I worked there for
a while and enjoyed a quiet smoke, and
then somebody called my attention to
my coat and the red on it. I felt sore
then, and knew I had been hit. The
shot was a mistake, though, because
the Spanish gunners never hit what
they aim at."
world, where the line is controlled by a
single government or company, or
where there is little business to sup
port it, the cost of sending messages
mounts up to alarming figures.
To send ten words from New York
to Manila, for instance, costs the mod
est amount of $24 50, or $2 20 per word
beyond London. This is the commercial
rate; newspaper dispatches go for
about half this sum. but even so the
cost of bringing a column of news from
the Philippines mounts up to nearly
four figures.CHiEF SURGEON LIPPINCOTTS SUGGESTION
to the Red Cross Ladies as to the Best
ThiQg T^ey Can Do to Help th)e Arroy.
Office of the Chief Surgeon,
Expeditionary Forces and Department of Pacific,
San Francisco, June 8, 1898.
To the Ladies of the Red Cross Society. Snn Francisco. Cal.: I re
spectfully suggest that you furn ; sh for the Philippine expedition four
ice machines, each having a capacity of 5000 pounds daily; thatyoualso
send a competent engineer to set up and run the machines, promising
you that I will do everything in my power to obtain assistance for the
person you may send.
This is by far the best thing you can do so far as my opinion goes.
I fear that you could not do much with a ship as you propose. Very
respectfully. HENRY LIPPINCOTT,
Lieutenant-Colonel and Deputy Surgeon-General, United States Army,
Chief Surgeon.
REVEIVING THE
MANILA VOLUNTEERS
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JT7XE 12, 1898.
OUT on the Bay District track
-where tent the Seventh Califor
nia Volunteers is the Red Cross
emergency hospital for the sick.
The only outward evidence that
distinguishes it from the other tents is
the flag that floats from its topmost
point, a red cross on a white back
ground, with the motto, "Humanity and
PLAN OF THE RED CROSS SOCIETY TO FIT OUT A HOSPITAL SHIP TO SEND TO THE FLEET
AT MANILA.
WE fully understand and appreciate the objections of the Fed
eral authorities against using women nurses at the present
time. To send two or even half a dozen women nurses, with
out any general head, or without definite instructions, would
undoubtedly do more harm than good.
But if the time comes when a large corps of nurses must be sent to
Manila we have a plan by which the women nurses can be used, and un
der which systematized and properly conducted course the present ob
jections to women nurses would not hold.
This plan is to buy a ship with large decks suitable to that tropical
climate, and to send a large body of nurses over on this vessel. At
Manila»this vessel could be used as a hospital and the sick soldiers
moved to it. The nurses could be divided into squads, each squad un
der an efficient head, and a general authority over all. On board the
ship, with the cooling breeze, the sick would be far more likely to re
cover than on shore. Of course, in case of battle, the nurses would land
CHEERING THE RED CRO^Sr
LADI ES AFT&R THEE:
t_A^j^« R£ CEPTIQM •
Neutrality" standing out dead black
abovfi the red of the cross.
Not a hundred feet away is the regu
lar army tent for the sick and from it,
a? from the hospital tents of all the
other companies, floats a whHe flas
with the red cross, but without the
motto of the Red Cross league.
Every regiment has its soldiers who
are on the sick list. The sudden
chances in our climate has given them
and work on the field.
Meanwhile, we purpose to give a course in "first aid work" to all
such non-graduates who have volunteered and whom vre deem suitable
for the work. By giving this course of instruction we can always have
right here at our command efficient nurses, who, if not needed at the
front, could take care of the sick and wounded who may be invalided
home.
Despite the fact that it has been publicly and semi-officially stated
that women nurses will not be used at Manila, we have had constant and
earnest appeals- from women asking that their services in the camp and
field be accepted.
Considering that the decree has gone forth debarring women from,
this work, the number of women volunteers for this service is surprising
ly large. The majority of them are trained graduate nurses ni:d give
the best of reference as to their ability and moral character.
Mil?. WENDELJL EASTON,
Chairman Committee of Nir • ty.
severe colds and fevers; a deluge of
pies, cakes and sweets has carried in
its crake innumerable eases of "spoiled
stomachs." and all the other slight ail
ments to which the human flesh is heir.
The result is that the hospital tents
of each regiment ar* 3 tax^d to ih^ir tit
most capacity. Those seriously ill are
sent to the French Hospital away from
the gusts of wind and the fog that pen
etrate the canvas tents. The rest of
the "overflow*' are sent to the "Red
Cross Tent," where three trained nurses
take turns in attending to the sick.
And a very. comfortable tent, it is with
a wooden floor, air tight canvas cover
ing, tables with bouquets of flowers 1
and; piles of magazines and books for
the convalescent. .
The plan of sending women nurses
out to the camp has be^n abandoned as
wholly out of the question.
2122
HERE IS A MACHINE THAT SHOWS
HOW DRUGS POISON MEN
It is a device Intended to show the action of the pulse- when af
fected by nicotine, morphine, alcoohol and other drugs. It is called a
sphygmograph, or in plain English a "pulse measurer." When ad
justed to the wrist it accurately registers each pulse wave and leaves a
tracing for reading the result of the register.
THE latest toy of the physician Is
a little device Intended to show
the action of the pulse. "Pulse
writing" is * what the name
means In plain English.
Dr. Carleton Simon of New York has
demonstrated by the sphygmograph
how various phases of emotion affect
the heart.
"I believe most thoroughly in the val
ue of the sphygmograph." said Dr. Si
mon. "The tracings representing the
pulse wave obtained by It are of the ut
most value in determining the normal
condition of the heart itself, the circu
lation and the respiratory organs as
weH as the effect of stimulants upon
them."
The doctor then proceeded to prove
tho truth of his words by putting the
Bphygmograpb to the test upon some
subjects provided for the purpose.
First a tramp was ordered up to the
big armchair, and with several sus
picious glances at the queer little in
strument lying on the table beside him
sat down, evidently with an inward
qualm.
"Well, my man," aald the doctor,
"how long is it since you have had a
drink?"
"A week," replied the weary one.
"I've been doing time on the island,"
®®®®®<£>®®®®®®®®®®®®<£
How to Solve the Famous Secret Ciphers
THE Federal cipher codes during
the Civil War were very simple
and yet absolutely secret, arbi
trary words being used to repre
sent proper names, and also
many ordinary words and military
phrases. The words of the entire body
of the dispatch, after being concealed
In this manner, were then arranged In
one of over a thousand possible com
binations, the particular combination
being Indicated by a key word, and as
each combination had several key
words it was not necessary to use the
same one twice In succession. As a
feature of the combination blind words
were interspersed at regular or vary
ing Intervals, which, in translation,
were of course discarded.
When finally prepared for transmis
sion the dispatch was wholly unintel
ligible to the transmitting or receiving
operator, and no case Is recalled of the
enemy having translated a Federal
cipher dispatch. On the other hand,
many of the rebel cipher dispatches
which fell Into our hands by capture
or through our spies were translated
by our cipher operators, and thus im
portant military information was se
cured by our commanding generals.
The rebels, instead of adopting a plajn
similar to ours, which was at once se
cret and speedy, made use of the crude
plan of transposing the letters of the
alphabet In various ways.
In some causes the hieroglyphic pHtn
was adopted by the rebels, and it was
this method which was followed in the
instances referred to below.
A fur bolder plot was being hatched
in New Ymk city, having for its im
mediate object the seizure of two large
ocean steamers, when one or two days
out by rebel agents, who were to ship
as passengers or crew. The scheme
included also the shipment as freight of
crates, packages and hogsheads, osten
sibly containing merchandise, but
which in reality contained guns, small
' arms, ammunition, etc, for the use of
the pirates after they had overpowered
the loyal crew and obtained control of
the ship.
The seizure of two ocean steamers
and their conversion into privateers
would create dismay and consternation
in the North, and would perhaps be
followed by the capture of many small
craft, merchant vessels and Govern
ment transports, and possibly the de
struction of some of our seaport towns.
Meanwhile the rebel government was
actually having a large and varied is
sue of Confederate bonds ongraned and
printed almost within sight of the old
tombstone in Trinity Church Yard, and
communications on the subject of such
bonds were passing to and fro between
the rebel govern inert In Richmond and
Its agents in New York City, the me
dium of these communications being
the very same hieroglyphics which
were carved on that old tombstone
nearly one hundred years before.
These deep-laid plots were fortunate
ly revealed to the Federal authorities in
time to prevent their fulfillment. The
date set for the seizure of the two
ocean steamers was Christmas, 1863,
and only. I qur days previous to tha^
he added, evidently feeling that some
explanation was needed.
"Well, will you have a drink of
whisky now, Just to show how the
stimulant affects your pulse?" asked
Dr. Simon.
The man's eyes glistened and he
drew a deep breath of anticipation as
he remarked emphatically, if lacon
ically:
"Would I? Search me," and he wiped
his mouth with the back of his hand.
"It is much better," said Dr. Simon,
as he carefully measured out four
ounces of whisky in a graduated medi
cine glass, "to take a subject who is
used to hip drinks. There will be less
dang*r of bad results, and the fact that
this man has had no alcohol in his sys
tem for a week will show us a satisfac
tory difference in his pulse wave before
and after taking the stimulant. •
"Not yet, my man," he added, as the
thirsty subject reached for the glass.
"First I must see the tracing which
your pulse will give before the drink."
While talking the doctor adjusted the
delicate instrument on the man'? wrist
by means of rubber bands. Next he
held a strip of aluminum about half an
inch wide and six inches long, over the
flame of a candle until the surface was
blackened. Then he moved the machine
with infinite patience until it was di
rectly over the man's pulse.
A delicate little needle was at one©
set throbbing to and fro, recording the
beats of the artery. A clock arrange
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®^(<
time the first of the two rebel ciphers
was translated by the trio of War De
partment cipher operators, and the As
sistant Secretary of War, Mr. Charles
A. Dana, started for New York at 7:30
p. m. the same day to confer with Gen
eral Dix, and before the date Bet for
the seizure of the ocean vessels the
rebel plotters and agents had been
spotted, a watch set upon their move
ments, and within a week they had all
been arrested, and millions of rebel
bonds seized and destroyed Instead of
being used in England and France to
help pay for the rebel ships of war then
being built in those countries.
The history of these two rebel ciphers
is as follows:
They were each enclosed in an enve
lope addressed to Alexander Keith Jr.,
Halifax, Nova Scotia, and were mailed
from New York City; the first one be
ing dated December 18, 1863, and the
second one four days later.
United States Consul Jackson at
Halifax had previously reported that
Keith was in frequent communication
with rebel blockade runners and with
rebel agents in the United States. The
mails were therefore being closely
watched, and when Abraham Wake
man, postmaster, discovered the enve
lope bearing Keith's address, which was
dropped in the New York postofflce on
December 18, he promptly sent it to the
Secretary of War, who, on seeing that
the enclosure was in cipher, turned it
over to the War Department clerks,
who vainly puzzled over the mysterious
signs for two days.
On the third day the Important docu
ment was turned ovei to the telegraph
department and placed in the hands of
the trio, who set to work with a de
termination to do what the War De
partment clerks had failed In doing.
In my boyhood days I was for a short
period employed in the store of John
Home & Co.. Pittsburg, and as one of
their cost marks was based upon the
thirteen prime characters taken from
the two geometrical figures shown be
low, I was thus able to discern, per
haps more readily than my associates,
the slight differences between the seve
ral characters of that series.
The basis or foundation referred to Is
as follows, the Arabic numerals and
the dollar and cent mark being shown
in their respective places:
By placing a dot in each of the thir
teen spaces all the letters of the alpha
bet can be represented by the above
signs, thus:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAF, JUNE 12, 1898.
TRACINGS
REPRESENTING
THE
PULSE WAVE
ARE OF
THE UTMOST
VALUE
IN
DIAGNOSING
A CASE.
merit at the back of the instrument was
then wound up, the strip inserted under
the needle and a little spring was
touched. Slowly the blackened strip
traveled under the throbbing needle and
a. zig-zag line was etched on the sur
face.
"Pretty good!" said the doctor ex
amining the action critically; "almost
a normal action. A slight valvular
weakness is indicated on the down
stroke. Now, here!s your drink," he
said, holding out the glass to the man
In the rebel cipher letter the two
words "before this" are represented by
signs taken from the series last above
shown, and as the letter c occurred
twice, we followed the clew, but only
with limited success.
Meantime my associates had found
other clews, there beln* in fact at
least ten separate and distinct series
of cipher characters used in the Keith
letter. Cammack, however, made the
vital mistake of conflnine himself to
only one series for any given word.
Had he varied the Berles of symbols,
taking the characters from t«vo or more
different series to represent each word
the result of our efforts might have
been far different. Together we la
bored for hours, at first with only a
few detached words being revealed, but
little by little the whole matter was de
ciphered.
The following Is an exact copy, and
is all we had to work from:
After we had translated the above
hieroglyphics, the following Is what ap
peared :
NEW YORK, Dec. 18. 1863.
Hon. J. P. Benjamin. Secretary of State.
Richmond, Va. : Willis is here. Ine two
steamers will leave here about Christ
mas. Lamu and Bowers left here via
}<• rmuda two weeks ago. Twelve thou
sand rifled muskets came duly to hand
and were shipped to Halifax as in
structed.
"\V'> will be able to seize the other two
steamers as per programme. Trowbridge
hits followed the President's orders. We
will lave Hriggs under arrest before this
reaches you. Cost $2000. We want more
money. How shall we draw? Bills are
forwarded to Slidell and rects reed.
Write as before. J. H. C.
Two days after we had interpreted
the first cipher dispatch another one,
dated December 22, and also enclosed
In an envelope bearing Keith's address,
was nlaccd before us, and was quickly
translated.
This communication proved to be of
almost equal Importance, referring as
It did to the fact that Confederate
notes and bonds were being engraved
and printed in New York City.
The second cipher was prepared In
the same way as the first, and Its
translation Is as follows:
NEW YORK, Dec. 22, 1863.
fion. Benjamin H. Hili, Richmond, Va.—
ho needed no second invitation, but
fallowed the contents without so
uch as a wink.
"Ah-h!" he gurgled with deep satls
.ction, beaming amiably upon the
mpany. "Make all the tries ye like at
is game, I'll stay."
In ten minutes the doctor readjusted
c sphymograph to the happy man's
rist and made the second experiment,
ils time the needle jumped back and
rth at a lively pace and the result
as an etching which showed faster
Dear Sir: Say to Memminger [Secretary
of the Treasury] that Hilton will have the
machines all finished and dies all cut
ready for shipping by the first of Janu
ary. The engraving of the plates is su
perb.
They will be shipped via Halifax and all
according to instructions.
The main part of the work has been
under the immediate supervision of Hil
ton, who will act in good faith in conse
quence of the large amount he has and
will receive. The work is beautifully
done and the paper is superb. A part has
been shipped and balance will be forward
ed in a few days.
Send some one to Nassau to receive and
take the machines and paper tnrough
Florida. Write me at Halifax. I leave
first week in January. Should Goodman
arrive at Nassau please send word by
your agent that he is to await furth.-r in
structions. Yours truly, J. H. C.
The following telegrams to the War
Department, during the week following
Mr. Dana's visit to General Dix, will
show that no time was lost in hunting
up the rebel gang and placing them
under arrest:
NEW YORK. 1 p. m., Dec. 29. 1863.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of
War: I have this morning seen evidence
which affords good ground for the belief
that the United States here is prob
ably in full partnership with the rebel
operators of this city. From long per
sonal knowledge of the Individual I have
no doubt he la perfectly capable of such
treasonable conduct. C. A. D/ MA.
NEW YORK CITY, Dec. 30, 1863.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of
War: The man Inside the Bank Note
Company reports that the worn is not be
ing done there. He says they are capable
of it and informs me they have a branch
establishment at Montreal, and that there
is in.) doubt but the work is being done
there.
Send the proper person to Montreal and
Rouses Point. In my opinion tho plates
will come through to Albany and the
Western road to Boston and by Canard
steamer to Halifax
ROBERT MURRAY, U. S. Marshal.
NEW YORK, 5:30 p. m., Dec. 31, 1863.
Hon. Edwin M. Stanton, Secretary of
War: I have arrested Hilton and his
partner and foreman and secured the
plates for the rebel bonds, also 6"s, 10's,
20's and 50's, Confederate notes.
I have arrested the lithographer and
printer and taken possession of Hilton's
premises and the lithographer's and
placed a guard over them until the morn-
Ing, and I have no doubt 1 shall get the
machinery also.
ROBERT MtTRRAY, U. S. Marshal.
NEW YORK, January 1, 1664.
E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War: I
secured machinery and dies this morning
at 2 a. m., together with several millions
of dollars in bonds and notes of various
denominations. I am after the maker of
the machinery and will get* him. From
an intercepted letter I learn that Cam
mack is in Havana.
ROBERT MURRAY, U. S. Marshal.
• • •
In the present state of war when a
telegraph operator is forwarding an
official message he is profoundly Ignor
ant of its meaning. The message is
simply a jumble of letters or figures.
The simplest form of cipher consists
in representing the letters of the al
phabet by other letters- sometimes
characters, figures or arbitrary Bigns
are used.
Alphabet— a, b, c, d. c, f, g, h, etc.
Cipher— x, 3, c, ?, c, o, A, — .
In this cipher the words "A bad
hedge" .would, appear as follows, the
[ HEART
ACTION DURINQ
SLEEP
CAN BE
ACCURATELY
DETERMINED
AND
THE PATIENT'S
NERVE
CONDITION
ASCERTAINED.
and stronger beats.
"The action of the heart, you see,"
said the doctor, "is decidedly acceler
ated and the quantity of blood forced
into the arteries at each pulsation is
greater."
"Weary Willie," weary no longer,
then departed and a gay young woman
took his place, who declared, as she sat
down, that she had never smoked a
cigarette in all her life, but that she
was quite willing to do it in the inter
est of science.
! semicolon being used to separate the
j words:
x; 3 x ?; — c ? A c
This method of secret writing Is
I very easily solved if the message is of
j any length. The decipherer's first busi
! ness is to classify the characters of the
] secret message in the order of their fre-
quency.
In English the letter most often used
DECIPHERING A MESSAGE.
Is c; then t is the next in the order of
frequency. Next in their order of fre
quency occur the letters a, o, n, 1; then
follows r. s, h; the next group consists
of d and 1; then, in order, c, w, v, m,
f, y, g, P, b; v, k; x. q, j, z.
Of course all single characters must
represent a, I, or O. The double letters
most frequently used are 11, 00, ff, cc,
and ss. If we arrange in the order of
KEY FOR "TWO-WORD SQUARE CIPHER."
their frequency words ; of I two letters
most commonly used the list stands of,
to, in, it, is, be, , he, by, or, as, at, an
and so. The commonest words of three
letters are "the" and "and"; then fol
low for, are, but, \ all and ; not; '-■ of four
letters, - that, . with, : from, - have, ""; this,'
they and them.
The doctor obtained a very good
tracing of her pulse-wave, then hand
ed her the cigarette. While waiting for
ihe nicotine to take effect Dr. Simon
spoke of the results of chloroform,
ether, nitrous oxide gas and morphine
upon the nervous item aa demon-
Btrated by the pulse-waves.
"The effect is similar in each case,"
he said. "The entire nervous system Is
affected, and the heart is, of course,
stimulated to quicker action."
Most opportunely to the subject In
question, at that moment one of the
doctor's patients was announced, suf
fering from a piece of broken glass
imbedded in the hand. A delicate op
eration seemed necessary and the pa
tient requested an opiate.
When the coincidence of the occur
rence with the line of experiment was
explained the patient of his own ac
cord suggested that a tracing of his
pulse-wave should be taken when he
was under the influence of chloroform.
Long before this the young woman
had finished her cigarette and had ob
tained a successful tracing of her
pulse-beat, which showed the influ
ence of even that small amount of nic
otine in her system.
"The question whether nicotine af
fects the action of the heart is rather
clearly demonstrated, is it not?" re
marked the doctor. "If one cigarette
produces so marked a difference in the
pulse of a healthy woman what must
be the effect of constant smoking upon
women of weaker physique, or with
any heart difficulty? Any artificial
quickening of the heart action is inju
rious." And the doctvrr calmly lighted
a cigarette.
"I have tracings of the pulse waves of
thirty persons taken before and dur
ing natural sleep," he continued. "You
Will notice that during natural sleep the
wave Is slower, fainter and more reg
ular. After sleep, the nervous system
being refreshed and strengthened, the
tracing shows that the pulse is stronger
and quicker.
"During the hypnotic sleep," contin
ued the doctor, his eyes brightening as
he broached his favorite topic, "the
pulse- wave denotes even greater regu
larity of the heart action and more
complete relaxation of the nervous sys
tem than in sleep."
A hypnotic subject was present in the
The "password cipher" is based upon
some keyword or password. Any word
may be chosen for the keyword, and it
may consist of any number of letters.
After the keyboard is fixed upon the ci
pher is made in the same manner as the
one here illustrated. In the cipher here
given the keyword is "prudent ia."
After the letter "p" an alphabet is
written in order commencing with the
next letter after "p" which Is "q." The
next alphabet commences with "s," as
this letter follows "r." Each of the
following alphabets is made in a simi
lar manner. In writing with this cipher
the first word of the message should
be written from the first cipher al
phabet; the second word from the sec
ond alphabet, and so on, repeating if
necessary. Suppose it were necessary
to write the sentence, "Thf spy is in
camp." "The" written from the first
alphabet is JXU; "spy" would be rep
sented (second alphabet) by KHQ. and
the entire sentence would look like this:
JXU KHQ DN MR HFRU.
As in this cipher the same letter is
represented by different characters its
solution without a key is practically
impossible.
I will now illustrate a form of cipher
which, as far as I know, has never been
used. It might be called the "magic
square cipher." The key can be writ
ten from memory in a few minutes, and
it has no complications. Below is an
ordinary magic square based on the
number 5.
There are other magic squares that
can be made with the same set of num
bers, but I have given the one most
easily constructed. The rule for mak
ing magic squares is very simple, and
may bo found in the encyclopedias. For
illustration the following sentence will
be used:
"Communicate with me to-morrow."
In the space in the magic square oc
cupied by the figure 1 is written the
first letter of the sentence, "C," the^sec
ond letter "O," is placed in the space
where 2 is found; the third letter where
3 falls, and the remainder of the letters
are similarly placed. The message ap
pears as in the illustration. Then the
message 1b rewritten In one or more
lines as is convenient:
E Q I p M M W. ,W C ME U I O A T
person of op amiable looking young
man who readily consented to an exper
iment.
He aat at ease, hie head resting upon
the back and his hands upon the arms
of the chair. First the sphygmograi.h
was fastened to his wrist and the puls<
wave was taken. It showed ai.
heart action.
Next it was necessary to put him in
a state of hypnosis in order to show the
difference of the heart action be
natural and hypnotic sleep. Dr. E
stood in front of him and gazf-d t.
at the man, who seemed at once t
the Influence of those great, gin
black eyes.
"Go to sleep," commanded the doctor,
pressing his fingers on the man's fore
head.
"You are going to sleep. You are
asleep. Go deeper — deeper — deeper."
Sure enough, the man was asleep. His
breathing and the relaxed condition of
his body showed it.
"You are going still deeper asleep,"
said the hypnotist, speaking In a slow,
monotonous tone.
The man's face became flushed and
he breathed quickly.
"You are a ton of lead. Your arms
are heavy. Your legs are heavy
heavy — heavy ! "
The subject was sound asleep.
The doctor occupied himself with ar
ranging the slips for the sphymograph,
speaking to the man at regular inter
vals. "Sleep as soundly, as deeply as
you can," said the doctor. "Sleepier,
drowsier, sleepier!"
Then the subject breathed very quiet
ly. He was in deep Blumber. The doc
tor raised the lids of his eyes. The pu
pils were contracted. All the muscles
showed a complete state of hypnosis.
"Yes. he is In a good condition for the
experiment," said the doctor. First,
however, he made a few tests to prove
that the man was entirely hypnotized.
"The most infallible proof of all, how
ever," said Dr. Simon, "is that of the
sphymograph. The pulse-waves can«
not lie."
The little slip glided quickly under the
needle and showed the most wonderful
tracing of all. The marks were regu
lar and flowing. The up strokes were
short and the etching seemed merely a
wavy line. "All the nervous system is
at rest," said the doctor.
Sood Stories
of Some Very
!Puzzli'ng Ciphers,
Sovernmen
7fihilist and
Vffercantile*
TCTRRNOOH.
If the message does not fill the square
irrevelant letters should be added to the
full amount.
Here is a message written in a very
Interesting form of cryptography — the
gridiron cipher:
S H R U ERG METM
AX AUE DINM
BUSB EARNY — EY —
ODT
It is possible to prepare a cipher
message in such a manner that the
casual observer would suppose the
communication to be some common
place note. One means of accomplish
ing this is by means of the grill"
cipher. The recipient has a piece <rf
paper with certain spaces out out. This
is the "grill." This is placed over the
writing and through the opening cer
tain words appear — the words of the
hidden message.
A GRIDIRON USED IN THE "GRIDIRON
CIPHER."
The person writing the message has
a similar "grill," and this Is placed over
a sheet c-f blank paper and the secret
message Is written through the spaces.
The "grill" is then removed, and care
fully devised words are added to give,
apparently, a commonplace meaning to
the whole missive.
In the "two-word square" cipher Is
seen a form of cryptogram used by the
English Government 300 years ago. One
or two alphabets are written in a square,
and each letter is represented by two
letters— the letters which appear oppo
site in the key words. In the illustra
tion given A would be represented by
OD or UI; R by 1M or PS. The word
"army" In this cipher is
OD PSUOII.
The key words are previously agreed
upon.THE MAN WHO IS LEADING
The Army
OF CUBAN INVASION.
General William F. Shaffer "rose from the ranks." He
was 25 years old when the Civil War broke out. He entered
the Seventh Michigan Infantry in 186J as first lieutenant
and served through the war. At its close he was breveted
brigadier- generaL For a long time he has been in command
of the Department of California, with headquarters in San
Francisco.
HE! -waa only a farmer's boy,
tough and lean as hickory, fol
lowing the scythe barefooted in
harvest to bundle up the wheat
that was to go into the shock
that was to go Into the stack."
It was an old army comrade who was
talking, and he was taiking of General
William F. Shafter, the man who leads
the flrst army of the United States to
Cuba.
When these two comrades stood near
one another in the battle of Nashville
during the civil war there were behind
them. In the shape of hospital corps,
men who gathered up the slain that
were left on the field by the scythe of
battle, and, added the old comrade, "it
may be that Shafter in those days
might Just as well as not have thought
of the time when as a bare-legged boy
he was walking behind the reapers
through the harvest fields of Michigan.
"He came from what Lincoln called
the 'plain people'; he did not go to
West Point; he is a self-made soldier,
if there can be such a thing. It were
better to say that he was born a soldier
and that even had he tried to alter his
career he could not, in spirit at least,
ever have been other than a soldier."
The man who was talking was Henry
C. Corbin, adjutant general of the
United State? army — Corbin. the man
who was brevetted for gallant and mer
itorious services in the battle of De
catun Ala. ; again for gallant and meri
torious services in the battle of Nash
ville, and who is still the gentle soldier.
If General Corbin failed to state it.
HAS THE HUMAN BR AIN REACHED ITS HIGHEST DEVELOPMENT?
WILLIAM KEITH. DOUGLfiS TILDEN, DR. JAMES H- LOW, REV. SARAH PRATT CARR. MRS. RAMON E. WILSON. PROFESSOR R. f». LUCCHESI. GERTRUDE G. GREY. THEODORE HITTELL
flrt'st- Sculptor.
Attorney. Historian
HAS the human brain reached the highest point
of development of which it Is capable? There
are many who, looking back down the long
vista of the ages, seeing the names proudly
blazoned on the banners of past centuries, and
remembering what made those names world
famous, and that fame woTld-enduring, as it is, will
answer this query affirmatively.
"Where," Bay they, "In modern times can you
find painters and sculptors and musicians and poets —
even artisans — such as those whose day is over?
Can we rival the pictures of the old masters?— the
Btatues which are at once the inspiration and the de
spair of our most gifted sculptors; the music which,
played first on rudely fashioned and imperfect instru
ments, has come down to us a precious heritage, lift-
Ing our souls nearer heaven whenever we hear Its
wondrous strains and perfect harmonies; the poems
which fire our hearts or soothe our passions now as
they did those of their first hearers in years long gone
by? And what of the hands that built the pyramids
and carved the great Sphynx? Surely nothing better
in these several lines has been since given to the world,
and aa surely the brain of humanity in them finds its
limitations."
Others there are, however, who think differently
and augur from the grand accomplishments of the
past even grander things for the future. They be
lieve in progress and evolution in all things, and what
has been gives them infinite faith in what is to be.
It is a question assuredly worth thinking of and
worth discussing and it has been propounded to a
number of our deep thinkers — who, being persons
vitally Interested in different lines of our world's
work, and viewing the whole field of human en
deavor and accomplishment from their individual
standpoints of observation, ha?ve answered it accord
ing: to their honest convictions.
• • •
This Is an unanswerable ques
tion; at least It Is one which
we ourselves cannot answer.
In many ways the world is
certainly progressing:, and yet
WILLIAM KEITH,
MM
In art there are heights to which a few have climbed
in the past which have, so far, been unattainable to
all others who have tried to follow in their footsteps.
Take, for instance, the architecture of ancient
Greece or the sculptures of Phidias which are the
work of hands that have been dust for over 2800 years
—there has never been anything done to excel them—
nothing even to equal them. They are models still as
they have been through all these past centuries. One
would think that having them constantly before us we
would be able to improve upon them, at least that we
could learn from them to do as well, but bo far we
have not. We study them, we admire them, we try
to ccrpy them, but we go no further.
Perhaps, thouph, the human brain working in
other lines does things which are Just as good in their
way. We are too near modern things to see them at
their best or Judge fairly of their artistic value— those
who come after us will see from a different stand
point and more clearly. They will see what haa bee-n
accomplished, not what we are trying to accomplish;
the best work is the work which will live, and by that
work the age will be judged.
I do not say that there may not be In the future
men of genius as transcendent as that which distin
guished the masters of old.
Real genius never was and never will be a common
gift witness how few there are who have stood the
test of years, but things in this world work pendulum
fashion, there is a swing forward and a swing back
ward and a swing forward again. Recurrence Is the
rule and we have only to wait long enough to see it
carried out.
• • •
I apprehend that the "brain of
mankind," that is, the raw ma
terial, is much the same in all
ares of the world, and that the
"lost arts" are quite counter
balanced by the new discoveries of to-day. The brain
power which was developed by masters of art in an
other age is utilized in invention making in this age,
and the masters of literature in our age may be the
editors of newspapers in another.
If the world "do move" toward the evolution of a
superior race it ie along cycles of time so Infinite in
their duration as to be almost Inconceivable,
lt is still the fact that William R.
Shafter weighs 300 pounds. That that
little lad of Kalamazoo County has not
developed more physically than in the
knowledge and courage to give battle is
a fact of which men must soon know.
Corbln loves Shafter, as brave men
love one another, and so when I asked
the adjutant general why General Shaf
ter was selected as the leader of the
Cuban campaign I was not surprised
at the answer.
"On account of his rank and con
ceded ability," replied General Corbin,
"his vigor and good judgment. He Is
one of the men in the army who has
been able to do what he was ordered to
do; not a man to find out how things
can't be done."
General Shafter has blue eyes under
heavy, shaggy brows— the blue eye
which is at once kind and shrewd, with
a hard glint, too, at moments. He has
the "fighting hook nose"; more than
that, it is eommandingly Roman. He
has a Fitz Lee chin that is at once
firm and Jolly. A heavy mustache of
gray, and white hair, parted in the mid
dle. Plenty of room for brains between
the ear line of the facial angle and the
top of his head— and this head rests
with comely poise on big broad should
ers. A man not quite six feet— great
soldiers have rarely been so high— with
comparatively short legs and great
length of trunk for breathing and di
gestion, for which most men of en
durance and distinguished action have
been noted.
He stands heavy and swarthy, and
one would say, grim, were not there a
DR. JAS. H. LOWES
Knight* F»rry.
we of to-day seem to the observant and contemplative
mind almost lilliputian— and why? It seems to me
that it is because we have, to a great degree, lost our
moral force.
A great and fundamental principle of life 1b that
no people can hope to become powerful, prosperous
and happy who are destitute of this. We must have
faith, vital and practical, we must have honest con
victions and carry them out honestly, or we can never
hope to accomplish anything of importance either as
Individuals or as nations.
Without candor, sincerity and directness of pur
pose, we become frivolous, unworthy and incapable of
attaining the greatest blessings erf life, or of holding
for any length of time even the semblance of the re
spect and esteem of our associates. As it is with us
as Individuals, so it is with us when segregated into
th<- political divisions of the world; a frivolous king
dom, or empire or republic may apparently flourish f<rr
a time, but it Is doomed to destruction. For example
remember Babylon, Persia, Assyria, Egypt, Carthage,
Rome and Greece, and in our own times Venice and
France— Venice already dead as far as influence or
standing is concerned, and France ready to become
the captive of the first co-untry that will have her.
Another thing to which ran be traced the, In many
ways, apparent degeneracy of this agp, is the growth
of infidelity, the modern estrangement of the human
mind from its Creator. Those who shut out the great
first cause from their thoughts and Hveß shut them
selves away from the grandest and highest possibili
ties of existence, and cr/ndemn themselves to medi
ocrity of idea and execution In all their ambitions and
attainments.
One of the greatest sources of the troubles of the
present time, and gravest menaces to the future, Is the
position assumed by women during the past few 3'ears.
Woman Is the foundation of the domestic Institution;
without homes we are neither a people nor a nation,
and we can have no homes when women are more
anxious to take the places of men In business and
public life than to perform the ho-ly duties of wives
and mothers.
It is a pitiable fact that maternity is no longer
looked upon as a blessing — the glorious crown of wo
manhood, but instead Is considered by the majority of
the educated women of the day as a disagreeable re
sponsibility to be avoided If possible. Women who are
bo "respectable" that they would shrink from even the
slightest personal contact with a fellow creature who
had erred in lesser ways will burden their souls with
actual crime for the sake of being free from the re
straint and care of a large family, in which they
should find their highest pride and greatest happiness.
Women can make or mar the world, and when the
most highly educated, refined and intellectual of their
sex becomes unwomanly, fonder of public life and
work and the applause of crowds than of home life
and the loving prattle of children, we cannot hope that
the men of the future will equal those of the past in
(he noble qualities of mind and heart that have given
the world in the past those masters In music, litera
ture and art, those giants in eloquence and statesman
ship, and those heroes in times of danger whose
memories we etlll proudly reverence.
• • •
I do not believe that the brain
of mankind has by any means
reached its highest develop
ment. Because we have con
cluded to call certain arts
"lost" is no reason why we should not find them again,
and because certain men have so far outshone their
brothers Is no sign that other men will not come Into-,
the world upon whom has been bestowed genius equl- I
Ing, if not excelling, that of their predecessors.
The great trouble with those who look at these
things in a pessimistic way is that they age too much
In a hurry. They do not realize how many years in
tervened between the real geniuses of the past. Think
how long it was between the days of Homer and
.Virgil and Dante and Shakespeare and Goethe.
I can see no reason why we should not have, right
here in America, a poet equal to Shakespeare, , a
musician equal to Beethoven, and so on through the
list . of the gr^n4est minds of the past, but we must
— . rr:.-T=T*r-v ;-.■, ; T ..;.-. ■.-;'. ■/■.,-,..,■
ARTHUR A. TAYLOR
Prop. Santa Craz Suit ,
THE SASr FBAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUKE 12, 1898.
Commander of the land forces, Cuban expedition. General Shafter was long stationed in California before
war was declared.
From a recent photograph.
hint of good humor playing underneath
the composure of self control.
Shafter was twenty-five years old
when the civil war came. He entered
the Seventh Michigan Infantry as first
lieutenant in IS6I. He served with dis
tinction through the war, having been
consecutively major of the Nineteenth
Michigan Infantry, lieutenant colonel
and colonel of the United States In
fantry, and was in March, 1865, brev
Compared to some of our giant
predecessors — giants in intel
lect, in moral and physical
courage, and in all that makes
man the noblest work of God —
THkODORE HITTELL,
General William p. Sr)after.
etted brigadier general.
A brevet for colonel came for gallant
and meritorious services in the battle
of Fair Oaks, Va.
His commission as colonel of the First
Infantry was vacated May 4, 181*7, by
his commission aa brigadier general,
succeeding which he was put in com
mand of the Department of California,
with headquarters at San Francisco.
With the breadth of this continent for
wait for the fullness of time.
I do not concede that, because we do not know
them, there are no people of wonderful genius born
Into the world at the present time, for I think that
there may be many, only circumstances do not draw
them out.
When a genius is born into an environment which
calls forth the best that is in him humanity will re
peat, if not outdo, the triumphs of the past.
The future is even more likely to produce high
types of mentality than was the past because modern
life and modern education puts more people in the
way of showing what is in them than did the- con
ditions of former years.
• • •
When I told Marion Crawford
that I was isolated in Califor
nia, he replied: "You have con
centration here which is not to
be obtained abroad."
DOUGLAS TILDEN,
Sculptor.
Mi". Crawford's observation may to a certain ex
tent answer your question. I think that arts flourish
the best where isolation and concentration arc the
greatest.
Israel produced her best and wisest men when her
clannishness was preserved In its purest form, and
this greatness has not been repeated ever since she
became a scattered nation.
Greece was greatest when she was either on de
fense or at the end of her career of conquest. Her
arts disappeared with the rising of the Roman power.
Rome was never great in arts, but we observe that
she excelled in them only when she began to cease to
diffuse her energies cibroad.
The Shakespearean age Just antedated the coloni
zation of America and elsewhere, which havt- ever
since engrossed the attention of England and called
he£ intellectual powers into other channels.
Like the small states of Italy that gave birth to
Michael Angelo and Raphael, Germany was the
brightest when she was divided and isolated. Goethe,
Schiller and Heine rose in those days.
France nowadays leads In art. and it Is well known
that, of all the European nations, she sends abroad
the least number of colonists. A republic In the midst
of monarchies she has been for thirty years an ex
ample of isolation and perhaps also of greatest intel
lectual concentration.
It is simply conditions that give birth to great
acres. In art the world is neither progressing, retro
grading nor stationary, and when the requisite con
ditions are repeated, we will likely have great mas
ters again. Those conditions have nothing to do with
the size of the brain.
California is far from the European influence.
She may be the art center of America, because, as
Marion Crawford suggested, she will be the greatest
in Isolation and consequently concentration.
• • •
Is art declining? Has
humanity reached its cli
max? To the individual
the present hour Is all of
life. To-morrow never
comes, rsoming in nature m repeated. Two spring's
can never bloom alike. Man forgets that nature
never ends and never waits. That in the ilivlne,
eternal symphony of his hour Is but one note, struck,'
to be. sure, in proper time and place, yet struck but
once, never to be repeated in such relation. He
thinks that what has been must be; but the truth
is, what has been will never be again. He glues hig
eyes to- the past and cries: "That which is beat is gone
never to return."
This is why we quarrel about art, why we worship
the old masters and see no new masters, no art of to
day.
To nature, humanity is one. She takes plenty of
time for its perfecting. What is undone to-day she
finishes to-morrow. There are periods in human life
which appear to be decadent, but which are only
periods of shifting forces, of changing activities or be
liefs of man himself; such as war changes, false poli
tical life, wrong ideals or declining religious standards.
Any or all of these influences may operate to make
a temporary decline in art. But not any or all of
them are enr/ugh to stop the progress of humanity on
ward and upward forever.
It is true that to-day we write no plays like
Shakespeare's; have no players like Rachel and
Booth, no singer to wear Patti's mantle, no second
Mozart, no new Sistlne Madonna, no modern Venus d*
almost thirty years between him and
the East, it was small wonder that the
people of the East sought to know more
of this man of the hour. In these years
General Shafter had not been idle.
"He had," said General Corbin,
"served with distinction since the war
in the Indian campaigns of Texas, Np\v
Mf-xico and along the Rio Grande as
lieutenant colonel of the Twenty-fourth
Infantry."
Medici. But there must be a seedtime as well as a
visible harvest. All living things are conceived in the
dark, and In the silence; and those who see beneath
the surface believe that this very despised nineteenth
century is the birthtime of a newer and a better art;
that already art begins to show higher Ideals, more
delicate feeling, more honest effort.
"Art for art's sake" has been the cry of the past;
art for good's sake will be the watchword of the future.
If Michael Angelo painted as never man painted be
fore, or since, it is because his faith and sincerity were
greater than man has since felt.
Autokolsky, the Russian sculptor and art critic,
says: "You see in primitive art a pure faith that
touches you. Enter the convent, fast before you
work, toil on your knees, be affected to tears, and you
will reach the beatific heights Michael Angelo
reached. And if you cannot do that, if you cannot
passionately love your God, then love no less the hu
man soul, its joys and sufferings."
A man's art can never rise higher than his soul;
but "a man's reach should exceed his grasp." The
reach of art for art's sake is not as high as heaven;
but art for good's sake is a reach to the very throne of
God.
Tolstoi has been for years the evangelist of the
doctrine of art for good's sake; and a prominent
French critic, Brunetiere, indorses him, and says that
art is only perfect when its motive is pure, elevating,
and above all things, honest.
Man's ideas of right have in the past been obtained
frr/m external authority. To-day the seat of authrrity
is being shifted to his own soul.
Conscience, educated by self-control and the Gold
en Rule, Is the law of living; and art in any form, ex
pressing the good man's innermost life and convictions,
will be honest art.
As man more and morp appreciates his personal
heritage of "likeness to the Father" he will surely
show It in an art that will transcend all past art, even
as the art of the "old masters" transcends the weak
imitations of them.
• • •
beauty. From a solitary globe, revolving in silence, a
populous world teeming with life goes singing on ita
way.
It Is long since the beginning, yet learning brings
to us at the dawn of the twentieth century the best of
all that has been, and from analogy a promise for
the future.
What has been will again be. "Nothing is new
under the sun." Men that have made history have
died, and on new occasions the time has found the
man.
Imperial Caesar dead and turned to clay.
Might stop a hole to keep the wind away:
O that that earth which kept the world in awe
Should patch a wall to expel the winter's flaw!
In the three epochs of greatest intellectual develop
ment — the Periclean, the Augustian and the Eliza
bethan, the best efforts of their sages were peans on
those who went before.
There is a tendency to exalt "the good old times. '
Mountains in the distance seem purple glories. Yet
the traveler who has crossed them remembers the toil
and dust of the way.
The best good of humanity is merely a relative
point of view. The "lost arts" filled the need of a
past and gone generation. Though never recovered
their place is filled by things new and of present,
practical utility. The progressive inventions enrich
those that are, and the future surely will hold better
in store.
The great minds whose light shines through the
ages were brighter by contrast with the ignorance and
darkness of their times. In our day intelligence and
education are almost universal and even if no Demos
thenes, no Raphael, no Mozart, no Shakespeare, il
lumines our decade, the aggregate of erudition, phil
osophy, science and inventive genius amply balances
the scales in our favor.
The past has been good; the present is better, but
there is a hope of perfection through effort In the fu
ture for tha children of man,
REV. SARAH PRATT CARR,
L»moor«, Cal.
Nature, the source of all,
makes growth of some
kind imperative. From a
nebulous mass the earth
has become a thing of
ATTY. GERTRUDE li. UKt
Carton City, N»*
END OF THE OUTLAWS
That
TERRORIZED FOUR STATES.
LAST month a story appeared in
The Sunday Call narrating that
the Governors of Wyoming, Utah
and Colorado had combined to run
down the "Butch" Cassidy gang
of outlaws that had been terrorizing
five States for several years.
Since the publication of the story the
outlaws have been run to earth, the
ohief members killed and the remain
der put where they will do no further
harm to the community.
The following special to The Sunday
Call, dated Salt Lake, May 13, describes
the end of the outlaws:
"Butch" Cassidy, leader of the "Rob
bers' Roost" gang.was killed this morn
ing near Thompsons Springs, on the
Rio Grande Western, 200 miles south
of this city. George Walker, one of
Cassidy's lieutenants, was also killed,
while Lay, another leader, was taken
prisoner, along with a fourth man,
named Thompson. The killing was done
by a posse from Price, Utah, which has
been on the trail since Sunday. There
were eight men in the posse.
On Sunday the bandits, then five in
number, held up two men in Box Can
yon, near Price, and drove off a bunch
of cattle. As similar performances have
been frequent lately, a number of de
The brain of man- : — _
kind is steadily devel- l REGINA E wilson
oping, but much is . ntulNA fc - w "-bON,
lost to our Observation : Chairman Art, Music and Literature D»pi.,
because nature never I California Club.
courts straight lines. -
the spiral remaining always her favorite. A conse
quence of this is that development proceeds in a
leisurely, graceful way more akin to unfolding be
tween two forces than to that which we usually un,
derstand by the term.
The blossoming time is announced by a cluster of
great intellects throwing all their fragrance and
beauty forth until earth seems a paradise of inspired
and inspiring thought. Then follows a fructifying or
seeding period, when the forces are quite as active but
not so clearly understood. lve> Dut
The great mass of humanity always rebels against
anything that tends to drive it from the mmmnn t«
the excellent, from dead blossom to HvinVZnt Is
a result, these seeding periods are apt to be fun of un
rest, dissatisfaction and pessimism, '
th. Sometimes the ,. conclusion is reached that every
thing is turning backward, when la! the mold sud
den y parts, the new birth peeps forth and There Is a
gliding upward into purer air. *
t!an S * Peri ° d waa that *"<* preceded the Chris.
No century Is so perfectly adjusted that it doe*
SIS ZSA 22£\£Sjr unable * - ?^
th-'5« niay T»f Pcn *u ny Page of the Grid's history from
we find their cold, ashen imprint. Nt and ever^ s
in T ° th / m - all men of fire and' spirit are monsters
in need of restraint, fiends rushing mankind toThe^t
tomless pit. Filled with the empty rattlingsof hurts'
Sop*™*' th<>y deem themselves greater g than USi
Not that any prophet was ever fully valued by his
P r?.f; ?*° r^, ace rightly m^sured by those who
studied its dials. Homer constantly refers to the pas?
with Its mighty heroes, and Dante calls the shade of
an earlier bard to guide him on his way.
The one question. "Am I my brother's keeper?**
has rung Its many changes through every century
The fact that to-day it meets with a readier response
than ever before shows that a new chord has been
touched, and reveals steady progress along the lines
of humanity.
Nations farthest behind at the moment are those
that have paid least heed to this question and its af
firmative response.
Victor Hugo declared that printing would put an
end to the building of cathedrals like Notre Dame
And it has. Such free communication has been estab
lished between the thinking men of nations speaking
the same language that one thought is being forced
home to all: God's noblest temple is an upright man.
And no art has ever been so great as that will be
which shall celebrate every man's right to stand erect
before his Maker.
If we consider the whole world, instead of some
favored portion of it, we must conclude that the great
est civilizing forces are yet to be put in operation. As
the walls have been removed from cities, so the walls
will be removed from nations. Men will at last learn
to meet as men. the children of a common father.
The consummation is a : long way in the future;
now is. only the seedtime. When the harvest shall
come it will be greater than any that has preceded it.
PROF. R.A.LUCCHESI
lasting supernatural impulse.
From a literary, artistic and musical standpoint
there is no reason to believe In the retrogression o* the
world nor In the deterioration of the human brain.
There may be moments of stagnation, nay, there have
been periods of stagnation and history tells us that
they have been also very long, but as the elevation
of our spirit evidently is decreed by the goodness of
God, the human mind Is bound to progress and with
It the whole world.
Homer, Virgil, Dante, Goethe and Shakespeare
mark as many luminous periods, thought to be unsure
passable by. the people at each of those periods.
termlned men resolved to run down th«
outlaws. They came upon them at 5
o'clock this morning, four miles north
of Thompsons, on the Book Cliffs.
The bandits made a hard fight. Cas
sidy and Walker were particularly des
perate In their resistance, and when
both fell dead their rifles and six-shoot
ers were empty. Lay, one of the men
captured, assisted Cassidy In holding
up Sales Agent Carpenter of the P. V.
Coal Company at midday at cc a stla
Gate a year and a half ago. They se
cured $8000 on that occasion. Though
a dozen posses were sent in pursuit of
them from different points, they eluded
them all # , and escaped to their mountain
dens in safety.
The identification of Cassidy was ac
complished through a picture taken
when in the Wyoming 1 penitentiary.
Although Lay has been under sus
picion for a long time, his connection
with the cattle thieves was the first
positive proof of his criminality. Ha
has posed as a good citizen of Vernal,
whose occasional extended absences
from home were never explained.
In all, rewards aggregating several
thousand dollars will come to the men
who fought the battle this morning and
rid the States of Utah and Wyoming
and Colorado as well of two of the most
desperate men roaming their borders.
Certainly not. It would be a
denial of the necessary su
preme evolution of the Cos
mos set to motion by an ever-*
2324
MEETING COUSIN AGATHA
AND HER BABY.
POM.
"Heartsease?"
He had come back for another aroodby kiss ana
1 loomed above her Impressively. She put up her
JL fragile finger and caught his coat lapels.
"You won't make a mesa of It, dear boy? You'll
keep your whole mind on cousin Agatha? Keep saying
•Cousin Agatha— cousin Agatha— Agatha' over and
over, bo you won't forget you're going to meet her."
"Cousin Agatha — cousin Agatha — "
**O, no, you needn't begin now I O, Tom, It makes me
nave the cold shivers— lf I could only go Instead of you!"
The face of Heartsease against the pillows was wistful
and distinctly anxious. Prof. Pomeroy Pettlnglll Lee re
garded It with whimsical tenderness.
"Don't worry, little woman," he cried cheerfully. "I'm
on my good behavior this time. You shall see how I'll
distinguish myself. Hoper-may-die if I don't!"
"Well, I'll trust you, Tom. Now, let me review you once
more. She's little like me "
"Little like me," murmured the big man, meekly.
"And doesn't wear glasses— everybody does, you
know— has light hair and smiles. When we went to
school together she always smiled. I should know her
Just by that. Now, say your lesson after me."
He repeated It gravely.
"There, now you may go, dear boy. If he only doesn't
get things mixed," she thought, following the big, square
figure across the room with loving eyes. "If he only does
It right! Pom. Pom!"
"At your service, 'm."
"No, don't come back. Are you certain sure you read
the letter all through?"
"Hoper-may-die if 1 didn't, little woman!"
"O, dear," still worried Heartsease softly, "if I'd only
read It! Why did I have that nervous headache just when
it came? And then why did Pom lose it? O, dear!"
Meanwhile Prof. Pomeroy Pettingill Lee was swinging
down the street with painful alertness in every motion of
bis big figure. He was keeping his mind on cousin
Agatha. Wild horses themselves should not drag it away.
The city clock clanged loudly, insistently In his ears
and reminded him of the flight of time. He hailed a pass-
Ing car and settled himself comfortably on one of Its
cushioned seats. Might as well ride and reserve all his
strength for cousin Agatha.
There was a trilling hitch in his complacent self-resigna
tion when the conductor came around for fares. Where
in the world was that change? Confound it, a man had
as many pockets as a centipede had feet! Ah, there it
was, and something else, — cousin Agatha's lost letter.
"I'll review it a bit, now it's turned up again so handy,"
thought the professor, smoothing out the crushed, sweet
scented sheet on his knee.
"My dear cousin— m-m-m-m-m-m— and reach you at
about three forty-five in the afternoon (that's all right
side up) — m-m-m— what!"
The professor straightened himself aghast with horror.
He had never seen that part before— heavens, no! He
didn't read that to Heartsease. Now, why by all that was
mighty must a woman tack on a postscript to everything
she wrote! And this postscript—
The poor man groaned aloud in his extremity, and the
meek little man beside him was moved with pity.
"Are you in pain, sir?" he inquired softly In his ear.
"Pain? pain? I'm in the last extremities. I'm nearly
gone!"
And he was obliged, out of sheer gratitude for the lit
tle man's compassion, to accept one of the tiny white
lozenges he proffered with nervous agility.
"P. S.— l shall bring baby with me. Of course I could
not leave him and, besides, I know he will amuse you. He
is so cunning!"
She was going to bring the baby with her! Cousin
Agatha was going to bring the baby! And Heartsease
hadn't known it, to tell him what to do!
He half arose to his feet with a wild idea of going back
to little Heartsease for directions. Then he sank back on
his seat again, for the city clock was clanging half past
3. Too late!
"You have had bad news, sir?" crooned the little meek
man's kind voice again.
"Yes, O, yes, certainly, confounded bad news! Cousin
Agatha's going to bring— that — er— l will bid you good
day. sir. I— will get out here."
No need of imposing cousin Agatha's baby on everybody
else, but, confound It, the little meek man didn't look as
if a baby would throw him Into a panic. He probably
had plenty of 'em at home. And they hadn't known-
Heartsease and he hadn't— that there was any baby In
cousin Agatha's quarter of the world. But of course
they might have imagined well, there was nothing for
it now but to accept the inevitable— and the baby. One
to make ready, two to start, three to— go!
The 3:45 express was just steaming into the great station
with grunts of disapproval at being pulled up. Crowds of
out-goers were eddying toward the long chain of cars, to
be presently met ana jostled by the incoming throng.
Cabmen were shouting' with hoarse persistence and bag
gage was being methodically maltreated. Confusion was
rampant.
Prof. Pomerov Pettingill Lee, with great presence of
mind, waited near the entrance of the ladles' room for
cousin Agatha and the baby. They would have to go
in through that door and out through the opposite one—
they could not escape him. He felt a wild Impulse to
accost all the women as they approached with: "Are
you cousin Agatha?— you?— you?"
Fort favored him, for In all the steady stream of
travel-stained, weary women filtering through the door
past him, there were only two babies and one of those
was a little shiny affair In ebony. The other one was, of
course, cousin Agatha's baby.
"Here goes!" muttered Prof. Pomeroy Pettingill Lee,
Betting his teeth and brushing past the babyiess women
with a stifled groan, and fortifying himself with the
memory of little Heartsease.
The white baby's mother was "little"— he docked off
the items on his fingers mentally— "didn't wear glasses"
(or did cousin Agatha wear 'em?) and "smiled." To be
sure, it was a very faint, tired smile that, it was evident
enough, was entirely for the baby's benefit. But a smile's
a smile, and this one served to identify cousin Agatha.
The little woman sank down on a seat near the door,
and proceeded to rearrange the baby, whose soiled little
clothes were In a tumble.
The professor, waiting to reinforce his courage, heard
her crooning to it in the fashion mothers have— "There,
there, it shall be all smoothy-smooth again, yet It shall!
Mother will drive away all the ugly wrinkles — bo."
The baby crowed appreciatively. The little pink, creased
face swayed, and wriggled into its bonnet.
"Let me take the baby," the professor Bald, plunging
In without foolish waste of ceremony. "There's just time
to catch the 4 o'clock car up."
The weary little mother looked up at the towering bulk
of the big, strange man, with a gasp of meek astonish
ment. He was clutching at that baby— he had him in his
arms! Land of mercy! But his eyes were honest and
AS THEY TOOK IT IN TY\E COUNTRY.
"Them Spaniards Is terrible.'*
"What'B new?"
"Why, this paper Bays thet one blew up a apeakia' tube in ther city.'*
kind.
"Are you Tom?" she stammered, eagerly, searching the
resolute, martyr-like face for possible points of resem
blance to her idea of "Cordelia's husband." "She said
he'd meet us at the depot."
"Certainly, certainly, assented the big man briskly,
thinking cousin Agatha familiar with pet names. No one
but Heartsease called him I'oin— he did not notice the
changed consonant. But what did it matter? It was the
baby that mattered, and the baby was adjusting himself
to the broad shoulder and crowing like a young bantam.
His grimy little fists were pommeling the professor's
cheekbones with impartial thumps— the baby was quite
at home.
"Here she goes! Your bag, ma'am— that's right. I can
/ake it in my other hand. Now, then, we'll have to step
a bit lively."
And they were presently crossing the great room and
making excellent headway toward the 4 o'clock car up.
Pr.>f. Pomeroy Pettingill Lee was conscious of feeling a
modest degree of pride at his own handiness, with the
crumpled, squirming little budget on his arm— it was easy
enough, if you shut your eyes and plunged in. How proud
Heartsease would be! In his mind's eye he saw her pale
little face lighting up approvingly, and In his mind's ear
Heartsease was saying: "Splendid, Pom! You're doing It
like a hero!"
Poor little Heartsease, In his mind's eye he could not see
the wistfulness in her face that crept in always at the
sight of little children— and in the "dear boy's" arms!
Cousin Agatha's baby plunged wildly and was caught
with a neat trick that presented itself for the emergency
out of the mists of olu baseball days. The danger was
over for that time. Julius Caesar, did all babies have the
St. Vitus dance, or was it an affliction monopolized by
cousin Agatha's baby? How often did the fits come on?
Would there be time to get to the car before the next
one?
A group of the professor's students looked up in undis
guised amazement as the little procession swept by them,
and one of them collapsed weakly, into the arms of the
others.
"Hold me! Save me!" he gasped. "The old chap's
picked up somebody's kid In an absent-minded fit and is
making off with it!"
Half way down the long station the baby's mother
made a discovery that filled her with dismay. "I>and ot
mercy, I've left my little handbag," she cried, but in t*ie
din the professor did not hear. "I must have left It rignt
where I was sitting— l'll hurry bark— it's got the baby's
best bonnet in it. I won't be pone more'n a minute!" And
the crowd swallowed up her rusty little figure. On the
corner, outside the station, the car was starting and the
professor and cousin Agatha's baby hailed it wildly.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
The Professor Struggled Across the Floor arjd Placed the Baby In Y\er Lap.
"Hurry up!" shouted the conductor, crossly, his fingers
twitching on the rope.
The professor stood aside for Cousin Agatha to enter,
and then followed the stout, unwieldy rernale down the
aisle, unsuspecting and serene. So far, everything was
going on finely— the saints send a prosperous ending to the
enterprise! He settled himself and readjusted the baby
with an air of off-hand ease thai tallied oddly with his
perspiring, anxious face. He got out his watch and jack
knife for playthings,, opening the knife absently and ex
tending it, handle foremost, with a slight courteous in
clination toward the small grasping fists. Fortunately it
dropped to the floor and Cousin Agatha's baby's life was
saved.
The car jolted on block after block, making stops and
jerking into motion again. It was well "up" before Prof.
Pomeroy Pettingill Lee suddenly realized that it was in
cumbent on him to converse a little with Cousin Agatha.
Certainly, certainly— what had he been thinking of? The
baby had fallen asleep and the immediate danger of
another fit was over— he might look away safely for a
moment.
. "Br— lt's very pleasant weather," he ventured cheer- •
fully.
"It's raining." snapped the stout lady beside him, tilting
her nose in palpable scorn.
By all that was mighty— she wasn't cousin Agatha!
Where was cousin Agatha? He searched the car with
eager eyes— he even looked out on the platforms. No
body was cousin Agatha. And cousin Agatha's baby
purred in gentle slumber on his arms! He had left cousin
Agatha s baby's mother behind— shades of mighty Caesar!
A , wild desire to raise the window and drop the baby out
seized another wild idea of rushing back to the
station surged with kindred impulses through his brain.
A cold perspiratfon broke out all over him.
Wait-he must reflect. lie must be cool. What would
Heartsease advise the poor little woman, the poor little
?.™?m t^ 0 " 11 * 1 ? he ever trust him again?
well, Jm in for it," groaned his thoughts. "I've got
S?J£f U hrou Kh-the anyhow." The little flushed,
Bleeping face appealed to him and not in vain. "I 11 get
A^h^w^V l^" m s *t the town crier on couiln
ci h £- nf w, ee U n flnfl l] hh ° r between and betwixt us. When
she s landed 111 sail for Europe! I"l get 'em to send me
n he a re S " lentlfi ° expeditlon *° Africa-the norTh pole^-anT
ine thronih lhe'h "' alKl(l] " cousin Agatha's baby. Strid
vo^ces thPiitti« ™ ' toward Heartsease's room he heard
mit unknnwntn!?" l^?' low and SWeet - ana brisk, clear
high notes -and a little gurgling voice keyed to
ll^art h se^ by h^ '" the olear -cut voice said chidingly.
Heartsease had company '-was there no letup to a
BY
ANNIE H. DONNELL.
TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE
of the First U. S. Troops Sent
By Sea to California in 1853.
THE steamer San Francisco, own
ed by the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, and newly built by
William H. Aspinwall at a cost of
$350,000, left New York on De
cember 21, 1853, for San Francisco, by
way of the Straits of Magellan.
She had on board Companies A, B,
D, G, H, I, X and L of the Third Regi
ment of United States Artillery. These
companies with the non-commissioned
staff and regimental band, constituted
a force of over 600 men. Colonel Wil
liam Gates was the commander, and
Lieutenant-Colonel John M. Washing
ton the second In authority. With the
passengers and crew added the steamer
carried out about 800 persons, though
the exact number has never been as
certained.
The vessel sailed at an inopportune
time. For a month the shipping on the
Atlantic side had suffered most severe
ly by hurricanes and storms of unusual
violence, and there had been no moder
ation. The marine reports in New
York record that at the end of Decem
ber about sixty vessels had gone ashore
In the neighborhood of Cape Cod and
the adjacent coast. The Boston clipper
Staffordshire struck on Seal Island on
the morning of the 31st, and 177 human
beings met a watery grave.
The San Francisco sailed at a time to
encounter the full shock of the storms,
and two days after she left New York
the fury of the elments gave presage
of the awful disaster that was to fol
low.
On the night of the 23d the vessel
suddenly encountered a gale, and at 11
o'clock the scene on deck was terrific.
The sea was a complete mass of foam,
boilin- and swelling like a caldron.
The steamer broached to twice and be-
came unmanageable. The whole crew
strenuously but vainly endeavored to
take in the uailß, but they were blown
to ribbons. The foremast was twisted
lika a sapling, though It was large
man's misery anywhere? „_, _,__,!,,
But the door opened and the little woman came slowly.
painfully toward him. . . , „»,««.- «r, «»
"O, Pom!" and her voice had reproachful echoes In it.
Walt till she knew the worst! . . . t
In the dusk of the little hall tbe baby escaped Instant
n( "(£ e pom, she's come— she took a carriage and Just got
here a minute or two ago." _  _«_«.«■
"Who's come? Not cousin Agatha? Tell me Q^*/
"Yes. of course— cousin Agatha. Did you forget she was
coming to see us?" . . „ »
The gentle, reproachful voice tried hard to be stern and
cutting, but he did not heed it in the least. He was push
ing by her. holding out a limp bundle at arm s lenfftn.
"The saints be thanked!" he was ejaculating heartily .
"Let me pass, little woman. I've got her baby—it s an
safe."
"You got what?"
"Cousin Agatha's baby— here it Is. No, you can't lift It.
I'll carry It in. I've got to face it out, and the L/ord help
mo!"
"Pomeroy Pettingill Lee, you stand stock still where you
are. Don't move. Now tell me everything— whisper it."
She hovered weakly between him and the door. The
shrill little voice within kept on insistently and helped
thorn out. The professor deposited the drowsy baby care
fully on the floor and laid his watch on top of it with
propitiatory intent. Then he faced the little woman
boldly.
'•1 didn't mean to run away with it. I thought she \*,is
there, too— honer-may-dle if I didn't think so, little
women! Hut the little chap is safe enough. I took care
of him. Now, 1> t me present arms and get it over with.
I'd rather face the cannon's mouth."
"But Pom— O. Pomeroy Petttngill Lee— but she's got it
now. this minute. Of course, she's got it!"
"("lot what?" thundered the professor, regardless of cau
tion.
"The baby. Cousin Agatha's got the baby. O, where did
you get this one? What have you done?"
She sat down on the floor beside the soiled, tumbled
baby, peering into its little puckered face and fingering
the tiny moist hands. It was a baby, anyhow, however
it eot there.
"Cousin Agatha's got the baby? — this isn't cousin
Agatha's baby?" mumbled the pcofessor stupidly. "Then,"
reviving suddenly, "her's was the black one. There wasn't
any other white baby but this. I guess I can count two!
£he had this one when I spoke to her — "
"O, Pom, wait— do wait! You've got it all mixed up.
You didn't speak to her— you spoke to somebody else.
Cousin Agatha waited and waited for you and then she
took the hack up. Now, wait, let me think — "
Heartsease rocked herself back and forth In a wild at
tempt to unwind the tangle. Suddenly she stopped and
gazed up at the looming figure sternly.
"Which way did it come, Pom — the train? Did it come
from the west?"
"I — It came from the east," stammered the professor,
getting a mental view of the puffing train Into focus. His
hair rose in anguish— ho hadn't thought of that before.
"And cousin Agatha's train came from the west," the
voice of Heartsease was saying in his ears, like the voice
of fate.
For a minute they gazed in each other's faces in horri
fied silence. Then they laughed. Cousin Agatha's baby,
on the other side of th« partition, laughed too.
The professor came to himself first, and picked up the
disregarded baby stolidly, arranging the little clothes
with a certain proprietary concern.
enough for the mainmast of a 1000-ton
ship.
A passenger In describing the scene
afterward wrote: "The fury of the tem
pest was such that I could not stand
before It a moment; but I seized the
Iron brace connecting the king bolts
and I surveyed the scene for an Instant.
Then I threw myself on my hands and
knees and made for the nearest hatch
to get below. I reached the main deck.
Here a scene of confusion Indescrib
able and confounding presented Itself.
The livestock, of which there was con
siderable, had escaped from their pens
on the same deck, and soldiers, bul
locks, calves, pigs, sheep and poultry
were all mingled together."
The steamer's guards had been car
ried away sometime previously, and the
sea washed over the deck with every
roll of the ship. The lights were ex
tinguished, and during the night the
darkness was almost total. It was on
this terrible night that an accident oc
curred to the machinery that rendered
the engine useless; the vessel was en
tirely at the mercy of the wind and the
waves.
As the chief officer reported: "Theshlp
Is now makingconsiderable water. Steam
pumps kept running and hand pumps
manned, but the water is gaining. The
troops are organized in bailing gangs
to pass up water through the engine
room."
At 9 o'clock on the morning of the
24th a heavy sea struck the vessel
amidship, which stripped the starboard
paddle box and carried away both
smokestacks and all the upper saloon
and staved in all the quarterdeck.
At that one fell swoop nearly 150 hu
man beings were swept Into eternity.
The majority were private soldiers. One
company lost all but ten of its mem
bers. Four officers went with them —
Colonel Washington, jjvho had distin
guished himself in the war with Mexico
at Buena Vista and on other hard
fought fields; Major George Taylor and
his wife; Captain H. B. Field and Lieu
tenant R. H. Smith.
The sea was covered with drowning
men. The roar of the tempest smothered
the "bubbling cry of strong swimmers
In their a~ony." In a few moments
tbey sank to rise no more. Two only
"I'll carry this one back," he said, solemnly. 'Til find
h Hrtramped down the hallway with a resolute tread that
lnspired^oor little Heartsease with a minimum of cour
'^'Goodby, Pom," she quavered after htm, "and don't
o h S-Sa^l^2iS O BSc aS/na S/nU y to her from the
from Floor as 1 it closed^pon Prof. Pomerpr Pettlnglll Le.
and the wrong baby. ■ •' . _ .
Outside In the cool air the baby woke up and walled in
distinct rebellion to existing circumstance^. •
"There-the-re!" crooned the professor wildly, tossing
the little bundle of clothes up and down till the baby in
very astonishment stopped crying and eyed him out of
round blue eyes. Instinctively he seemed^to appreciate
the professor's distress of mind, and gurgled sympathetic
little remarks Intended for comfort. He did not cry again
a To take a car and go back to the Ration, was the pro-
To take a car and go back to the station was the pro
fessors first thought. He had a dim Idea that the baby ■
proper owner might be there waiting for him to bring It
back. Anyway, he would go there-it was something to
do. He hailed a car and established himself, and the as
tonished baby In it. 'J..
In a corner opposite sat a little woman In evident dis
tress of mind. She was agitated and uneasy, and seemed
to be searching for something, fumbling about her
anxiously. The professor's gaze lighted . upon her, and
his heart gave an exultant leap. It was cousin Agatha
looking for the baby. The baby's mother "was still "cousin.
Agatha" to the professor's dazed, uncertain nalna.
"She's little and anxious, and she's looking for some
thing—by all that's mighty, I've run against her the first
thing'" he thought in inexpressible relief. He staggered
across to the little woman's corner and dropped the baby
into her lap. ' ' • *- " "' „ ,
"Here it Is, ma'am," he said eagerly. "I wai Just going
The little woman recoiled In evident amazement and
displeasure. ..«_.■.«. ,j»
"Land!" she cried. "Take it away, quick! holding out
the wondering baby to him.
•■l— ah— that is, I thought you had lost something,' mur
mured the- diminished professor, tucking the wriggling
infant meekly under his arm again.
"Well I have, but 'taint a baby— land! cried the llttl **
woman,' sharply. "I've lost my best pocket handkerchief
—it was the one Ann Sophy gave m^ Christmas."
The other passengers were smiling broadly among them
selves. The little woman edged further into her corner
and regarded the poor professor distrustfully. She m
to be expecting another attack at any moment, and only
breathed freely when he and his unwelcome little i
got off the car. .
"The plot thickens." muttered Prof. Pomeroy PettinpiU
Lee. despairingly. "I reckon we're in for It, little chap."
He hovered weakly about the waiting room for a. whila
and then went to the ticket aj-'ent.
"Isn't there a place here where you leave— ah— things
that have been lost, until—" he began.
"Certainly, certainly, sir! We have a room where any"
lost articles are kept until called for by the owner. If you
will pass it to me—"
The professor applied the rumpled baby to the sma'.l
square opening.
"I guess it'll squeeze through— it's limp," he said cheer
fully.
"Mighty Caesar, man, it's a baby! We don't keep that
kind of property! Er— take it back at once, sir. I— it's
going to cry— sharp or you'll drop It."
Drop it? O, no, there was no danger. There wasn't
any placo on the top of the earth to drop it Into. H»»
shouldered it again with a muffled groan, and turned
away. The tiny head nestled against his cheek in drowsy
content. A little thrill of wakening tenderness set the
professor's heart-strings to vibrating gently.
"Poor little chap!" he found himself thinking.
The next plan was to parade the streets. In the des
perate hope of running upon the right mother anon?
all the mothers. "She ought to come toward it like v
needle to a magnet," reasoned Prof. Pomeroy Pfeti
Lee, wisely. "By all that's mighty, I'll give her a fair
chance!"
But the mothers who met them and passed them ar.'l
Jostled them were all the wrong mothers. Once he spied
a little woman, in earnest conversation with a taller one.
They were in evident consultation.
"What would you do? I'm at my wit's end. I have
tried everything," the small woman was saying, rather ex
citedly. Her clear-cut, distinct tones reached the pro
fessor's ear intact.
"I'd advertise," the tall woman said, promptly. "That's
the way I found mine."
By all that was might— the professor hurried up to them
eagerly. In his one glimpse of the little woman's face he
was sure it was cousin Agatha. Besides, wasn't she just
on the eve of advertising for the baby?
'"There is no need of it, ma'am," he stuttered hastily.
"I've got it right here. I've been looking for you ever
since I — ah — ran away with it accidentally. I assure you,
ma'am — "
He was pressing the baby upon her, regardless of the
fact that the small red face was In inverse ratio to mother
nature's plans for it. The bewildered little woman stared
helplessly down at the back of the baby's head.
"Why," she gasped.
"Of all things!" cried the taller lady. Then they both
laughed. The professor's crestfallen, despairing face was
too much for them.
"Give it back," he said with a groan. "I've hit on the
wrong one apaJn. I've bfcen hunting all over everywhere
to find its mother. I'm not certain now It ever had one.
There isn't anything certain!"
"I'm sorry." the little woman cried heartily. Her swept,
pleasant voice cheered him unconsciously. "But you see,
it isn't my baby. Mine's at home in its cradle. I don't
see what made you think—"
"You spoke of advertising, ma'am."
"O, yes,— was that it? I was going to advertise for a
cook!"
"But really," Interposed the other lady curiously "I
wish you'd tell us how you came by the baby."
"I ran away with it," the professor said, gloomily, "and
with your permission I'll do bo nerain now."
And once more he was continuing his hopeless hunt,
shifting the Bleeping baby from one tired arm to the
other, and peering anxiously Into all the little women's
r found her I shouldn't dare to hand the little chap
over to her." he mused. "It's mierhty risky business!"
But help was at hand. It came from the quarter least
expected. The professor met two of his college boys and
in the frenzy of despair stopped them.
"Boys." he said, "if you had somebody else's baby and
didn't want it, what would you do with it?"
"Drop it." said one of the buys promptly. The other
one's face was suddenly enlightened.
"O. I say, professor, you come along with me. I knn^r
where she is," he cried, and his voice was music in Prof.
Pomeroy Pettfngill Lee's oars.
"I was down at the station, you know. I saw her whea
she got back and you weren't there. Hi! didn't she rave
(hough! Then somebody came along that she called
'Tom. 1 T heard 'em say they were going to the station to
set the police on you."
The boy laughed. He was hurrying the professor alonsr.
"Here. 1,-t me take the little kid. You 1 look all used up
We'll find her all right, professor— don't you worry Here's
the Btation— and, here you are, professor* Here's 'the kid's
mother herself."
This time the baby and the ripht mother came together
with perfectly satisfactory results
Prof Pomeroy PettirigiH Lee never remembered what
explanations he made or how he got home. His memory
! a gap there and began again at the front door
where pale, anxious little Heartsease met him
"O. Pom?" Her voice and the upward inflection asked
everything. His voice answered her
■■•)■. ■-. Heartsease."
She laughed aloud with relief.
"Then come right in, dear boy. and spe cousin Agatha'M
baby.
He stopped at the threshold. "Never!" he cried grimly.
"I've seen all of cousin Agatha's baby I want to." y *
succeeded in regaining the steamer.
Up to this time the water in the ves
sel had been kept under control, but
this sea raised it so much that the
soldiers almost gave up \n despair, and
it was only with the greatest exertion
that the ship was kept afloat. But in
the succeeding days the worst leaks
were stopped and the decks patched up
with pieces of sail in the effort to save
the ship.
For a time there was a prospect of
setting the machinery in working order
and of reaching port. A temporary
steering apparatus was erected and an
attempt made to get the ship under
control, but after one or two revolu
tions of the wheel it was pronounced
hopeless and the most that could be ac
complished was to keep the pumps
working.
Then death was encountered in a n*»w
form. A very large portion of the
ship's steerage had been filled with
cargo, military stores and provisions,
and it had been expected that the sol
diers would sleep in the berths on I
deck. When the storms were encoun
tered this arrangement was impracti
cable and they were driven below into
confined and unhealthy quarters. Willie
the vessel was abundantly provisioned
it was almost Impossible to prepare it
by cooking; to add to the distress near
ly all of the medicines were washed
overboard or destroyed. A disease broke
out in the form of Asiatic cholera, com
mencing with diarrhoea and terminat
ing in death in a few hours. For sev
eral days the mortality averaged ten
a day and men, women and children
fell indiscriminately. The losses on th?
San Francisco and on the rescuing vs
sels by deaths from disease are esti
mated at about one hundred.
On the 28th the bark Kilby of Boston
was spoken. Her captain signaled
that he would stand by the distressed
steamer, but it was not until the even
ing of the following day that the Konn
so moderated that transfers could be
made of the passengers. The Kilby
took on 108 persons that evening, and
intended to resume the work of rescue
the next morning, but during the night
the vessels were separated and after
a fruitless search for two days for the
steamer the bark sailed for port. Much
of the cargo of the Kilby was thrown,
overboard to make room for the pas
sengers. She was not provisioned for
bo great a number and there was great
Buffering and many deaths before the
port was reached. Had it not been
that a portion of her cargo consisted of
corn and that rain fell in abundance
many .more of those she rescued would
have perished. As Jt was the mortal,
ity from the cholera was frightful
On the 31st the San Francisco en
countered a renewal of the storm, and
all available hands were employed in
throwing overboard the coal and other
I heavy portions of her cargo, and in
working at the pumps. During the
night distress guns were fired.
At 9 o'clock the next morning the
ship Three Bells of Glasgow wa3
spoken and she laid to with the steamer
until the 3d, when she was able to ef
fect a transfer of more of the people.
She rescued 230— a1l that it was possi
ble to be accommodated.
At 8 o'clock the following morning
| another sail was sighted and the colors
i of the Fan Francisco were hoisted un
i ion down. The stranger shortened sail
and proved to be the ship Antarctic,
j bound for Liverpool. She took off 225
persons— all that remained— and the
San Francisco was abandoned to the
fate that she must have met a few
hours afterward.
The news of this disaster was a shock
to the nation, though it is now of al
| most forgotten history. Congress im
mediately directed the President to pro
cure valuable gold medals with suita
ble inscriptions, to be presented to the
i captains of the three vessels that had
j aided the shipwrecked soldiers and pas
j sengrers of the fated San Francisco, as
a testimonial of national gratitude for
their gallant conduct and for a ser-
I vice to humanity that they had per
formed at the risk of their lives and at
a sacrifice of their property.
Congress also immediately appropri
ated JlOO.noo to be distributed as the
President might deem proper to the of
ficers and crews of the vessels.
French army discipline does not
countenance any monkey shines, as an
engineer stationed near Toulouse re
cently learned to his sorrow. The offl
cer in question became convinced that
one of his men had stolen, and as the
soldier would not confess the lieutenant
ordered him to be shot. The victim
was put through all the forms of a mil
itary execution, save that the flriner
platoon used blank cartridges. The
lieutenant has been court-martialed
and sentenced to an Imprisonment of
two months.SALMON JUMPING A TWELVE-FOOT WATERFALL.
THE FISH IS TEN FEET IN THE AIR— TIME OF ASCENT 62 SECONDS.
Sketched from a Snap-Shot Photograph.
BECAUSE only about one out of
every 200 river fish hatched, gets
beyond Its infancy and only
about one ' egg in lr)l r ) hatch,
nature must be helped out or our
supply of fish would soon fail to
meet the demand.
Governor Flower, in an address be
fore an agricultural society in New
York, says that "a trout brook used us
ually only for watering the stock
might be made to yield larger returns
than thirty acres of farm land."
The Germans were the first to experi
ment scientifically in fish raising, and
our Government soon followed. All
over the United States are Government
and private hatcheries for raising fish
to stock the rivers and lakes of the
country.
Ten years ago Mexico asked the
United States Government to send her
a man who would be competent to ex
amine her lakes and rivers and find
out why they were barren of fish. Since
the advent of the Spaniards no fish could
be found and the Mexican savants had
been unable to discover the cause.
Mr. A. V. La Motte was chosen to go
He examined the waters, but they were
all right, and the theory is that earth
quake shocks were responsible for the
death of the fish. The agitation of the
water bottoms destroyed the eggs.
END OF THE MONARCH OF THE POOL.
Mr. La Motte is now nl charge of a
hatchery at Ukiah. He has studied
fish and their habits for forty years.
Last January Mr. La Morte went to
thf upper waters of Eel River ai;<l be
gan his arrangement? for collecting fish
eggs.
A cabin for the trays of eggs and a
fish trap were built. The trap is made
by placing a close picket fence, built
in the shape of a wishbone, having the
two ends about twelve inches short of
Joining and ending in flexible bars over
the opening into the box beyond. The
flsh go through the aperture, but can
not return, and arelifted out of the trap
and transferred to the tanks In tho
cabin.
The eggs are extracted and fertllizpd
in pans. Then they must stand in the
trays for about two weeks until the
black speck, which becomes the eye, ap
pears; they are then ready to be
shipped.
"It was a tedious work, though re
lieved by a great deal of excitement,"
raid Mr. La Motte in describing how
the fish come up. "Milesaway from any
human being, two men and myself
spent four months collecting the eggs.
The scarcity of rain made the creek
very low, so the fish could not come up.
Nature tells them away down in the
ocean that it is time for them to pre
pare for reproducing. When the rains
raise the creeks the fish, which during
most of the year live in salt water,
start on their long voyage to the shal
low, pure water* for spawning. Noth
ing will stop them; they will jump cas
cades and push through strong edddes
in their mad race. No one believes
fish stories, but this photograph speaks
for its own truth. The salmon jumped
the waterfall, which was very swift and
twelve feet high. I have seen trout
do Just as great Jumps, but did not
happen to have the camera with me
at the time.
"The eggs are kept very cold in trays
at the place of taking as the slightest
jar or disturbance of the eggs will kill
them until the eyes have appeared.
"I have sent eggs to New Zealand
which arrived safely and hatched per
fectly. The period of incubation mint
be retarded by keeping the eggs one
degree above freezing. Of course if the
euffu hauh on the road the small fish
will die unlc6» properlx cared for."
At the Tkiah hatchery' the eggs in the
trays are placed in troughs through
which water runs after a fall of a few
Inches. This slight fall charges the
water with oxygen for the eggs as well
as the fish.
"It is not true," Mr. La Motte said,
"that trout die after spawning. If they
die it is a sure indication of careless
handling. I always return the fish to
the creeks and after they have rested
they go back down stream. How long
a fish lives we have never been able to
determine, but you have heard of the
carp at Heidelberg which has been a
prisoner for over a hundred years."
After the eyes have set in the eggs
the fish are packed in trays. These
trays arc made by tacking canton flan
nel on frames fitted into a crate and
illy covered with moss.
Exactly like small red currants, half
cooked, with the eye in place of the
blossom, the eggs iie In the wire baskets
for two weeks more. Then with a flirt
of its tall the fish throws off Its shell,
slips through the wire of the basket
••Hid swims off down the tanjt with its
yolk sac still attached to its belly to
keep it supplied with food till it is a
little stronger.
Besides the food the egg sac contains
a tiny drop of oil which works up in
the transparent body till it reaches the
glands of its breast. At once the color
and spots appear.
In two weeks more the yolk sack has
been all absorbed and the little fish has
grown its Jaws and can eat the curdled
milk and pulverized liver fed to It three
times a day.
Swimming about in the trough the
little fish are i>erfectly tame, and when
I put my hand Into the water they
flocked to it, trusting, I suppose, that
it was something good to eat.
Another two months and the little
fish, an inch and a half long, are ready
to hunt their own food.
Now it is time to plant them. "With
Ice to keep them cool they are carried
in huge cans like those used for milk to
the very headwaters of some creek.
When they have first been placed in
the stream they will come to the hand
to feed. Two days later the same fish
when approached will scurry away and
hide, so quickly do they harmonize
with their environment. The larger
fish and other enemies of the little ones
do not frequent the very shallow
waters, so the infants have an oppor
tunity to investigate and learn to find
their own food.
On the other side of the stones
where they run to hide are tiny specks,
which are the eggs of the caddies.
You will see the devil's darning
needle hovering over the water. She
drops her eggs, and they attach them
selves to the slimy stones till the time
comes for them to protect themselves
by exuding a sticky gum. They keep
rolling over and over until they are
covered with bits of bark, which pro
tects them from the fish and gives
them their odd chance of living long
enough to grow their wings and get out
of the water and become a devil's
darning-needle or gaddesfly.
: Sitting by the stream, I saw the at
tack ot pne of the fish/a most deadly
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
RAISING FISH BY THE MILLION.
Exciting Way They Are Pursued by Eels, Kingfishers and Sportsmen, yet
the Kings Escape to Jump the Falls and Fish Ladders Each Year.
enemies — the lamprey eel. The eel was
very quiet, and, lying on the warm
stones, I had been watching a spider.
Swimming out on the smooth surface
of the water, the spider attacked a
small black Insect which was turning
round and round in the water. This
insect was nearly as large ac the
spider, but after a few seconds of fierce
battle the spider started to back to the
shore, working with all Its strength,
towing its captive to land. About two
feet from the shore, flash, and only a
widening ripple was left of the spider
and bug. Both had become food for
fishes. But they were swiftly revenged
by a long black eel, which came Blowly
among the stones near the shore.
I was almost afraid to breathe. I had
heard tales of the eel, and hoped it
might throw a few stones for my bene
fit as well as Its own. It did. This
eel's head was flat- It had a large
sucker mouth, which it fastened to a
smooth round stone and began to lash
the water with its tail to frighten the
fish out of their hiding places. I heard
a splash and saw a stone, and knew
the eel was feasting on the p<"»or little
fish that had been hiding under the
stone.
Snakes and mink, rat» and large fish
feed on the email fish in the water. A
kingfisher will light on a bough over
hanging the water and sit like a leaf
till a fish snaps at a fly or comes near
the surface, when a flash and a bird
scream, and the kingfisher flies away
with its fish.
"We had a large black cat," Mr. La
Motte told me, "who was a persistent
fisher. She would sit on the bank of
the stream, gently tapping the water
with her paw to simulate a fly, and
would wait for hours. A fish would
rise to her fly. With a movement so
quick I could only see a flash she would
dig her claws into the flsh and throw it
a hundred feet or more into the air
behind her. Then she would gently set
tle down again and wait for another
flsh. I never saw her show enough
curiosity about the flsh to so much as
look behind her to see where it had
landed.
"After she had fished as long as she
cared to she would go around and col
lect the fish. She did not stop fishing
when she had all she wanted for food,
but seemed to fish for the sport."
Our "clever statistical chaps" Bay
that 15,000 persons annually leave San
Francisco for the pleasure of fishing.
This means vast quantities of fish
which would soon make a bite a rare
pleasure but for the fish which are
planted every year. Outside of the fish
caught privately for pleasure there
were $9,000,000 worth of fish sold in the
California markets last year.
Trout eggs can be obtained from the
Fish Commission and do not require
more care than chickens In hatching.
In one year's time they are large
enough to eat.
Some years agoa German, A. J.Poppe,
brought carp from Germany, thinking
they would be as fine here as in Ger
many, where they are much esteemed.
They escaped from the lake where he
had confined them and multiplied
rapidly, feeding on the young trout.
The carp deteriorated in our waters; its
flesh became soft and tasteless.
A farmer who had noticed his pigs
wade into the stream an<_ eat the fish
conceived the idea of feeding his hogs
on carp. He caught quantities of the
fish, the hogs devoured them with avid
ity and grew fine and large.
This farmer was very proud of his
pigs and carefully guarded his secret.
When his bacon came on the table he
was prepared for adellclous morsel. But
oh the surprise that awaited him. His
pork was neither flßh nor pig, but a bad
mixture of both.
At first he resolved not to tell the
Story, tut lie^haa had inj*ny, a laugh
with his neighborsover his "carp-pigs."
The most inveterate enemy of the
carp is the black bass. The bass will
leave any other food when he can find
young carp. He will freely battle to
the death with a carp twice his size.
In the streams the bass will multiply
without the assistance of the hatchery
and requires only to be planted. Un
like the trout, the bass will care for
its own eggs and young fish. The two
mates will rub out a nest, where the
eggs are laid, and will produce the eggs,
stirring them gently with their fins till
the eggs are hatched. Keeping the
young fry in a brood Just as a hen
would, they watch over the young ones
till the egg sac has been absorbed and
the fry must hunt for food. The par
ents then turn on the little ones and
eat those who do not get out of the
way. HELEN GREY.
BIGGEST HSH HATCHERY
IN THE WORLD.
FANCY being in the fish-raising
business and going into your fish
house any bright day and find
ing that your salmon "run" were
laying eggs at the rate of 1.000,
000 an hour. Fish-raising beats poul
try-raising all hollow when it comes to
gathering eggs.
Up in Tphama County they have the
biggest fish hatchery in the world. It's
only one of another line of industries
in which California carries the world's
banner. This particular hatchery is the
Battle Creek hatchery, and on any
good egg day there the men will take
their baskets and buckets and gcr out
and gather you over 2,000,000 salmon
egps while you wait. They have gath
ered as high as 2,220,000 eggs between
sunup and sunset. Of course, this
doesn't include the "bad" eggs which of
course don't count.
The Battle Creek hatchery was start
ed by the State Fish Commissioners to
feed the up Sacramento streams. After
they got the plant well started it devel
oped such magnificent possibilities in
the fish-breeding line that they deemed
it wisest to turn the place over to the
National Fish Commissioners and give
the whole country a chance to reap the
benefits.
The location Is an Ideal one for a fish
hctchery. The waters of the creek nr*
at least four degrees warmer than thosa
of the Sacramento River.
Battle Creek Is the large stream
which divides Shasta and Tchama
counties. It has Its source In the snow
capped peaks of the Lassen Buttes,
and runs rapidly down the canyon to
the Sacramento River, Into which It
empties. It is particularly adapted to
the propagation of salmon, being n, nat
ural spawninj ground for that fish.
A ditch, a quarter of a mile in
length, was constructed to convey wa
ter from Battle Creek to the site
chosen for the hatchery. A frame
building, forty feet wide and ninety
feet long, was erected and fitted with
sixty hatching troughs of a total capa
city of twelve million eggs.. A weir
173 feet in length was constructed
across the creek. It was supported by
five Bulkheads and was designed to
withstand a rise of six feet In the
stream. Later on a building, like the
first, was constructed of wood, but
much larger, being forty feet in width
and 140 feet in length, with 100 hatch
ing troughs and having a total capa
city of 20,000,000 eggs.
The largest catch of salmon eggs
ever recorded In the world was made
at the Battle Creek fishery last sea-
Bon. The season opened October 22 and
closed December 4. During the forty
three days the number of eggs taken
reached the grand total of 48,527,600.
The eggs were distributed to the hatch
eries as follows: Sixteen million to
Sisson, 8,000,000 to* Eel River, 3,000,000
to Baird, 2,000,000 to Olema, 3,000,000 to
Clackamas, Or., and 6,000,000 to the
New England States. The remaining
10,500,000' were hatched at Battle Creek.
Captain G. H. Lambson, superin
tendent of the United States fisheries
in Northern California, with head
quarters at the Baird reservation, di
rects the operation of the Battle Creek
fishery. E. W. Hunt, superintendent
of the Tahoe fishery, is in immediate
charge. He is assisted by W. H. Shel
ley, superintendent of the Sisson
hatchery, these gentlemen being
transferred to the Battle Creek fishery
during; the fishing season. When the
season is at its height forty men are
THE SPAWNING CREW AT WORK.
IN FORTY-THREE DAYS 48.527.500 "EGGS WERE TAKEN AT THE BATTLE CREEK FISH HATCHERY,
employed at the station.
The methods employed n taking the
• eggs are striking. The fish on their
way to their natural spawning grounds
run up the stream as far as the weir.
There they are held from further pro
gress by the racks.
Two seining crews are employed in
catching them One crew works by
day, the other by night. The night
crew pursues its work by the light of
several large headlights. The salmon
taken from the nets are assorted as to
sex. The male fish are placed in a box
by themselves, the "ripe" females,
those ready for spawning, are placed
in a second box. The "green" fish are
returned to the stream. The boxes are
towed to the spawning house and the
fish transferred to the tanks.
The spawning crew begins work. By
means of dip nets the fish are removed
in pairs from the tanks.
The salmon having been stripped of
milt and spawn are tl rown into large
bins, whore they soon die. They are
then given to the public for food. Many
of the poorer class of people in the vi
cinity pack the fish in brine for use
during the winter season.
One day last season 439 ppawn fish
were handled, yielding 2,220,000 eggs. A
record for rapid work was established
upon that day. The crew handled 190
female salmon in one hour and took
over 1,000,000 eggs.
The eggs are removed from the
spawning house to the hatcheries in
buckets, which are hauled in a spring
wagon to the hatchery buildings. They
are placed in small wire baskets, o'o-
long In Bhape and capable of holding
about 35,000 eggs each. The filled bas
kets are suspended in long wooden,
troughs, through which a stream of
water flows very slowly.
Nature is imitated as closely as pos
sible in the care of the eggs. They ar»
watched very closely during the pro
cess of hatching. Men go carefully
through the house cv . day and by
means of small tweezers -1 k the dead
eggs out of the baskets. The dead eggs
are easily distinguished by their light
er pink or yellow color.
After a period of one month the eggs
have "eyed"— that is, the eyes of the
fish have formed and can be ?een in the
egg if it is held to the light. The eggs
are now ready for shipment. They are
packed in trays and covered with moss.
The trays are fitted into chests, and
these chests are sent all over the coun
try by express. The eggs from them
are deposited in streams and the hatch
ing continues.
The eggs which are allowed to remain,
In the houses for hatching soon develop
into a very small fish, with a large
sack adhering. This is the remainder
of the egg suspended from the belly.
The small fish derives its nourishment
from this sack till this source of food
supply is entirely absorbed.
The young fish still in the tanks are
then fed upon boiled beef liver and
hard boiled eggs until they have ac
quired sufficient size and strength to
shift for themselves. Then they are
turned loose in the brooks and rivers.
Washington County, New York, pays
a bounty of 50 cents each for dead rat*
tlesnakes, and Warren County, adjoin
ing, pays a dollar. So much money;
has been paid out for the extermina-*
tlon of the reptiles In the latter county
and so little in the former of late that
the authorities have been led to sus
pect double-dealing. It Is believed
that most of the snakes upon which col
lections have been made in Warren
were imported by unscrupulous persona
from the neighboring jurisdiction In or
der that they might secure the higher
rate.
The war with Spain has caused a
scarcity of pineapples, which delicious
fruit comes largely from the Bahama
Islands, and which has hitherto been
brought to our markets principally by
small vessels flying the American flag.
The owners of many of the boats,
fearing the capture of their property
by Spanish ships, have withdrawn them,
from service; and consequently the
supply of pineapples has diminished as
freight rates have Increased.
2526
FORCED LIQUIDATION SALE!
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
\~)\ r « 106 pieces SCOTCH -LINEN CANVAS DRESS GOODS, mottled
■ ml effects; reduced from 26c a yard to 12^c a yard.
OC\r ~ B9 P lßCea 42-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH CREPON
■"Us*, SUITING, In cream and pink; former prioe 76c a yard, on «p»-
; " cial sale at 20c a yard.
'Ift/r 87 Pieces 41-INCH GOOD ALL-WOOL DRESS GOODS,
trUy* k checked effects, extra value for 600 a yard; liquidation sale price (
:u - 20c a yard. ::
.
'jCp "I* 77 pieces 37-INCH SILK AND WOOL NOVELTY CHECKS, dark
Z,Ov* v« and medium colors, regular price 50c a yard; will be placed on sale
at 25c a yard.
9C r 49 pieces 37-INCH ALL-WOOL FRENCH ALBATROS, In pinks,
&O\* -> apricot, canary, gray, lavender and Nile green, former price 60c
a yard; on special sale at 25c a yard.
-l —\ n >- 41 pieces 37-INCH FANCY MIXED TWILLED COVERT SUIT- I
dj<t**  ING. cloth shades, regular price 60c; on special sale at 37^c a j
yard.
C n - 88 pieces 42-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, shaded i
OUL — effects, former price Jl a yard; reduced to 50c a yard.
fk(\r '-> 29 pieces 50-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL NAVY STORM SERGE,
vl"Vn> - good value for $1 a yard; on special sale at 60c a yard.
ifr. 45 pieces 38-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL TWO-TONED CHECKS,
y)Dy* regular price $1 a yard; on special sale at 65c a yard.
OOr 29 pieces 46-INCH FANCY CREPON DRESS GOODS, new color-
VUC ings, extra value for $1 25 a yard; sale price 90c a yard. v
it Oft 22 pieces 44-INCH SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY
«PI.UU SUITING, figured effects, former price Jl 50 a yard; on special
sale at $1 a yard.
C| CA 18 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH MELTON SUITING,
•P 111 1 OKJ latest shades, value for $2 a yard; on special sale at $1 50 a yard.
Remnants^ Remnants,
ALL DRESS LENGTHS AND REMNANTS MARKED DOWN.
IF If Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
\r Kir San Francisco. /
SOCIETY.
THIS is the resort season. Town
foi '!i<- ;ji«-s<-nt In deserted ami
society ts reveling in the de
lights the country affords. One
notable feature of the season is
that there are no favorite re
eorts. Mountain, lake, seaside and inland
resorts all hay» a share of the fashionable
patrons, who seem to move from place
to place, with the evident d<*slre to en-
Joy all the country has to offer.
Weddings, of course. It being the merry
month of June, are In order. The bril
liant events of last week will be equaled
In those of the week to come.
Thevj re Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Florence Elizabeth Green, daughter of A.
T. Green of Berkeley, to Fred H. Btxby
of Long Beßch, I>os Angeles County.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Marie Florence Flanders and William
Hagerty.
Wedding Bells.
The nuptials of Miss Lillian Crowell of \
Sacramento and Trvlng Haywood of Chi- j
cago took place in Oakland on Tuesday, i
May 31. The ceremony was performed !
in the elegant parlors of the bride's aunt,
Mrs, Ayres, in that jclty. It was a very
quiet wedding, only relatives being pres- i
ent. Miss Crowell is a native of Sacra- I
mento, a popuiar teacher in our public
schools, and had list been granted a life
diploma by the State Board of Education.
Mr. Haywood is a prominent business
man of Chicago. After a tour of Califor
nia the young couple will settle in Chi
cago, in which city they will reside per
manently.
One of the nicest and prettiest wed
dings In San Francisco for some time
past was the one at the Second Unlta- ,
rian Church shortly after noon on Tueo- j
day, June 7, when E. M. Van Frank, bu- j
perlntendent of the Sutro railroad, was j
wedded to Miss Lucy D. Henning. Rev.
Mr. Wells was the officiating 4 clergyman, j
Quite a number of the friends of the bride j
and groom were present, and the Press j
Club of which Mr. Van Frank has been
a prominent member for years, was well
repreaented. Messrs. Tilton, Batchelder
and Parent of the Press Club quartet I
sang. Many congratulations were re- j
celved by the happy couple.
The lady Is a native of Santa Clara
County, and Is well known In some of the
best social circle:! in San Francisco.
A very pretty wedding occurred on
Wednesday evening at 626 Shotwell
street when the nuptials of Howard A.
Nauman and Miss Jessie E. Marston
were colebrated. Rev. Dr. Mackenzie
officiating. The decorations were of pink
and white rose buds, long festoons of
them terminating at a very pretty bower
between the parlor windows^ under
which the bridal party stood. The same
charming effect was carried out in the
supper room. Mr. and Mrs. Nauman left
for a trip to Lake Tahoe, after which
they wfll reside In Mill Valley.
A very pretty June wedding was that
which tooK place in St. John's Episcopal
Church last Wednesday evening, when
George S. Evans and Miss Hattle Milll
ken were married by the Rev. E. B.
Spalding.
Mr. and Mrs. Evans are now making
a tour of the Southern States. After
their return they will spend the summer
months in San Mateo.
One of the daintiest home weddings of
the season took place at high noon on
Wednesday, at Burlingame, when Dr.
Horatio Stebblns united In marriage
Gladys, only daughter of Dr. and Mrs.
Ira G. Holtt, and Fay Mlchele Lafayette,
professor of sciences In Dr. Holtt's acad
emy.
The bride wu dressed In moussellne de
sole over white silk, and carried a bou
quet of bride roues tied with white
tulle draped ribbon. A long veil fastened
with white blossoms covered her dress.
Ralph" H. Holtt waa best man. Miss Ma-
Bel A. Ayer, the maid of honor, van
dressed in a beautiful dress of white mull
"ver pink silk, and from her bouquet de
pended a shower of rose leaves and biids.
i The bridesmaids, Misses Mary and Kate
Inglis, wore pink organdie, trimmed with
ruffles, ribbons and lace, and carried large
! bouquet of bridesmaid roses. They all
! wore large picture hats, trimmed "with
: white plumes and pink roses.
Only the oldest friends of the family
| were invited. Among the guests present
I were: Dr. and Mrs. Stebblns. Mr. and
i Mrs. T. R. Church. Dr. and Mrs. Ayer,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Chretien, Mr. and
Mrs. Shelby. A. Brooks. Mr. and Mrs. F.
A. Wilder, Mr. and Mrs. William Jones,
Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Courtlan, Miss
Gladys Courtlan. Mrs. Inglis, Miss Jessie
; Inglis, Miss Minnie Sohaw, Miss Fannie
j Soule. William W. Kemp, Mr. and Mrs.
Dorvllle Llbby and Mr. and Mrs. P. R.
; Woodman.
One of the prominent June weddings
was that which took place Wednesday
evening at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Wheaton of East Oakland, when
their daughter. Millicent Frances, became
the bride of Dr. Edward C. Love of Sel
ma.
The bridal party entered, led by Irene
! Potts, niece of the groom, as flower girl,
and Floyd Iyove. brother of the groom as
1 ring bearer, followed by the maid of
1 honor, Miss Mabel V. Anderson of San
Jose, a cousin of the bride, and lastly the
bride, leaning on the arm of her father
She was gowned In white duchesse satin,
trimmed in white chiffon. The long veil
I was caught with a spray of real orange
blossoms and she carried bride roses.
After the ceremony and congratulations
the bride led the way to the dining room,
where a dainty supper was served.
Here pink and white predominated also.
Later in the evening Dr. and Mrs. E C.
Love left, amid a shower of rice, for a
short honeymoon trip, after which they
will leave for Selma to take up their per
manent residence. The bride was the re
cipient of many beautiful and costly pres
ents, which attests to her popularity
On Sunday, June 5. at 3 o'clock, L
j Dobrzensky of Newman and Miss Bertha
i Levy were united in the bonds of matri
mony at the home of the bride's father in
I Llvermore.
1 The wedding of Miss Elizabeth Hllde
• brand and Herman W. Noethlg was cele
i brated at the residence of the parents of
j the bride, Mr. and Mrs. D. B. Faktof, 827
Fillmore street, on Tuesday evening
June 7.
Home Qatherings.
Mrs. I. Fox (nee Borren) tendered Miss
Birdie Appleton of San Jose an afternoon
tea on Thursday afternoon last at her
residence, 735 Vallejo street. The guests
were: Mrs. I. Fox, Miss Birdie Appleton,
Mls» Elsie Cohn, Miss Sarah Lubosch,
Miss Ray Kaufman. Miss Edna Lewis,
Miss Dora Levy. Miss Miriam Raphael
and Miss Bessie Borren.
Little Baby Weed entertained quite a
number of little folks on the occasion of
his first birthday. Those present were:
Misses Goldie Weed. Lorene Burke, Owen
Phillips, Gladys Weod. Russell Weed,
Lloyd Mountain and Willie Weed.
A very enjoyable party was given to a
few of the First Montana Infantry. Com
pany B. at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Macsorley on Tuesday evening June 7
Dancing wa« the principal feature of the
evening, after which a bountiful supper
was provided, concluding with the gift of
a mascot parrot.
Miss Mac C. Sullivan entertained a
number of her friends Thursday evening
at her residence on Thirteenth street. The
evening was spent very pleasantly in
games, singing and recitals. Refresh
ments were served at midnight. The Star
Quartet, composed of Miss Alice M. Allen
Miss Marie Rebholta, Edith Woodrum
and Miss Mac Sullivan, rendered
some patriotic selections. Among those
present were Mrs. J. D. Sullivan, Mrs.
Schmltz, Miss Reglna Schmltz, Miss Eva
Brown, Mlsb Hannah Collins, Miss Grace
Howard, Miss Helen Silling, and Miss
Lulu iSullivan, Bert Ross, Arthur Sulli
van, Fred Smith, Corporal Miller, Aza
Appelle, Dr. Alien, William Buahnell,
THE SAN FBAISTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
— ■ — t£X!><l><!<s>(B<M><M)^^ — - — — — — -
Never was such an opportunity af-
forded buyers as is now presented by
the great sale we are holding by
Peremptory Order of the Trustees for
the purpose of turning our immense
stock into ready cash to at once pay off
the entire balance of our indebtedness,
as the Stupendous Cuts in Prices quoted
herewith and in every department en-
able supplies to be replenished with
New, Stylish, Up-to-date Goods
At Only a Fraction of Ordinary Cost!
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR.
ACZr' LADIES' MUSLIN CHEMISES, yoke
T'tJV* finished with Insertion and embroid-
ery; will be placed on sale at 460.
pzf%r* LADIES' MUSLIN GOWNS, empire
Ov/^ style, yoke tucked and finished with
embroidery: regular price 70o; will be
placed on sale at 50c.
«-rA/-" LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy
i Ut muslin, yoke of insertion finished with
embroidery": regular price Jl; will be
r placed on sale at 70c
qa,, LADIES' CAMBRIC GOWNS, em-
J/vrVw plre style, wide revers finished with
embroidery, lined back; regular price |
Jl 25: will be placed on sale at 90c.
QA r LADIES' WHITE MUSLIM SKIRTS.
*7vJwdeep flounce, finished with embroidery;
regular prioe Jl 26; will be placed on
■ale at 90c.
LADIES' WAISTS.
«CI OCZ LADFES' PERCALE AND
«J>1«.40 GINGHAM BHIRT WAISTS, de-
tachable collar, in fancy plaids
and checks; regular price Jl 75; |
will be placed on sale at Jl 25.
47 A A LADIES' LATEST STYLE
«P C •V/VF SILK TAFFETA WAISTS, lined j
. throughout, tucked front, finished
, with knife plaiting; regular price :
J8 60; will be placed on sale at J7. |
«C 7 A A LADIES' HANDSOME PLAID i
«!> C • \J\J SILK WAISTS, in latest style j
make, lined throughout; regular i
, price JS !■'■; will be placed on sale
at J7. I
§0$" See Examiner and Chronicle for Bargains from Other Departments,
Avlt Mitchell, Ralph O'Neill and Harry
Taylor.
Glub Parties.
The R. K. 1,, gave Its fourth social on
June 7. At 9 o'clock the grand march was
started by Emll Kahn and Miss Annie
Mendelson, followed by seventy-five
couples. The young ladies were hand
somely gowned. Jake Rapheld, president
of the club, was tloor manager, and was
assisted by Ignatz Levy.
The semi-annual Jinks of the Polytech
nic High School was h«ld Thursday, June
9. The tables were elaborately decorated,
the prevailing colors being pink and
white. A pleasant repast was partaken
of, after which toasts and recitations
were in order. Dancing then followed.
Those present were: Miss R. Leavy, Miss
Bertha Schweinltzer, Miss Ruth Cardoza,
Miss Jessie Zacharlas, Miss Millie Kask
ell. Miss Cella Fischer, Miss Rose Cahen,
Miss Ix>ttie Linne, Miss Kittye Llnne.
Miss Winnie Lillon, Miss Bessie Hen
derson, Miss Ruth Rook, Miss Edna
Schloss, Miss Etta Sisenvlne, Miss Jewel
Breslauer, Miss Bertha Vorrath, Miss
Florence Kustel, Miss Lillian Friedburg,
Miss Blanche Eagle, Miss May Turn
blad, Miss Julia Citron, Miss Gertrude
Leavy, Miss Ray Anshel, Miss Josephine
Heron, Miss Irene Burman, and Selby
Badt. Samuel llaber. Walter Haber,
Clarence Waterman, Martin Merle, Jules
Gless, Elbert Cowan. Ed Cosgriff, Wil
liam Bode, William Jacobs, Ernest Du
den, Ernest Jacobs. Carl Ililfusch, Mil
ton Banner, Emil Abadie, James Degan,
Charles Gay, Fred Rlccoml, Ed Aben
helm; Percy Meyer, Alfred O'Nell, Fred
Chase, Arthur Overhalsen, Roscoo West
over, Ed Baumberger, James Doherty,
Victor Reichenberg and Andre Levy.
Highland Springs.
The latest arrivals at Highland Springs
are: From' San Francisco— Mrs. Willis
E. Davis and family. E. Lindow, J. M.
Hickey, 8. F. Thorn, H. 8. Nathan and
wife, John Spruance and wife, Mrs. M.
L. Leonard, S. Anspacher and wife. R. F.
Gorman, Miss M. D. Kellogg, Frank B.
Sawyer, Miss Alene Mulcay, Mrs. N. O.
Kittle. Edward Salz and son, Mrs. C. A.
Schroder, Mrs. Walter Speyer and fam
ily, Roy P. Mathews, A. R. Kanaga, Mrs.
J. E. Hopkins. William A. Plunkett, Mil
ton Jones and wife. H. H. Taylor, Mrs.
J. R. Sims, colonel Games j^awson. U. 8.
A., William Giselman. A. Lewis. O. L.
Thomas, John Center and wife, Victor A.
Hancock, Miss L. Stern, Mrs. W. F.
Ayres, O. B. Fogle, P. B. Anspacher, L.
\1 Kellogg, J. F. O'Connor, Mrs. R. E.
Mulcay. A. B. Moulder, Leo Cooper, Mrs.
A M. K. Heathcote. Miss Lillian Schro
der L Hedger. Mrs. Mary E. Mathews,
Charles E. Stokes. Miss Mabel Hopkins.
Oeorge B. Crandell. E. D. Taylor, P. T.
Tavlor A. W. Schroder, Lawrence Law
son- F. P. Grace Santa Rosa; George J.
O'Connor and wife, Woodland; Miss Kate
L Stephens, Miss A. Stephens, Albert A.
4.11 en Woodland; Edwin F. Smith and
wife. Mrs. William Beckman, Miss Clara
Black, Miss Imnnle Black, Sacramento;
F. W. GUI, Sebastopol; Major and Mrs.
Darling and Miss Hastings, Rutherford,
Cal.; W. T. Welcker, Berkeley; A. M.
Edelman, Lob Angeles.
Bartlett Springs.
Bartlett Springs arrivals include: San
Francisco— Mrs. M. L. Berger, D. A. Ho
nig and family, E. C. Creller and wife,
F. B. Rollins, W. F. Finny and wife, E.
Salz and wife, H. D. Kiry, John F.
Wright, E. Carceres, Leo Cooper, J. W.
Walsh, T. J. Duncan, Mrs. O. Neal, Mrs.
M. L. Sprigg, A. K. Nowells, James F.
Welsh, W. H. Brown and wife, V. Veiso
lovich, A. G. Simkins, William W. Holll
lerg, H. Strasser, L. J. Phelps, W. J. Kil
lip; Sacramento— W. P. Alexandria and
wife; G. W. Watson, F. T. Lath. Mr. and
Mrs. Wiseman, J. F. Fenton. T. Laven
son and daughters, Captain Condrey, J.
B. Danner; Oakland— George H. Armes,
N. McHardy, C. Foote, John J. Eagen, H.
Flynn, W. M. Watson and wife, Charles
Wagner; Stockton— J. W. Higglns, P. D.
Kearns; Upper Lake— D. Alexander, R. G.
Reynolds; F. Barker and wife, French
Vale; J. Zangrap, Mrs. A. Zangrap, Au
burn; Miss Blngnam, College City; R. J.
Billion and wife, St. Johns; Maggie Ryan,
St. Johns: W. M. Wilson, Ukiah; J. E.
Briscoe, Nilee; Conrad Kissling, Wil
liams; G. J. Griffith, Los Angeles; Mrs. B.
Witzner, Vacaville; George W. Lalver,
Moille; E. J. Blossom, May Blosßom. Ge«
son; E. Ward, Butter; D. D. Ducknall,
Sonora; E. C. Heister, Berkeley; B, C,
DRESS
Trimmings.
21/-» BILK AND TINSEL GIMP, I
•4W 2H Inches wide, assorted col-
ors, value 250, closed out at 2&c
Q^ SPANGLED AND BEADED
O*W TRIMMING, V» inch wide,
value 10c will be closed out at 3c
K« BILK AND TINSEL GIMP,
UW assorted colors, will be of-
fered at 60.
f Ql-BLACK MARABOUT TRIM-
I^3»-lINO, all silk. 1 Inch wide,
value 25c, will be offer**; at 12V4c.
On /-'LACK MARABOUT TRIM- \
X MIMING, 14 Inches wide, value '
360, will be closed out at 20c
nr- S LACK MARABOUT, 2 I
OOWlnchee wide, all silk, value !
60c, will be closed out at 85c.
r BUCK MARABOUT TRIM-
T'UvMINO, 2H inches wide, value
75c will be closed out at 40c.
icr,, COLORED BEAD ORNA-
IOt MENTB, value 60c, will be
closed out at 15c.
OPtr»BI«ACK BEADED' ORNA-
ZOCmeN'TS, value 60c, will be
closed out at 25c.
<r»l C\(\ BLACK CHENILLE
«3>I»UU<ND MOURNING
FRINGES, value *3 and $4 yard, will
be closed out at Jl.
Gray, Marysville; John Burns, Napa; G.
Lowe, Iron Mountain; J. O. Barheau,
Crabtree Hot Springs; C. E. Taxan. Ar
buckle; J. J. Heques, Woodland; L. B.
Padee, Blalne, Wash.- Otto E. Auman, St.
Johns; H. C. Sills and family. Meridian.
Duncan Springs.
The guests at Duncan Springs are: Mr.
and Mrs. Schultz, C. J. Parsons, 9. B.
Blake, James Foley, C. C. del Curo, Mr.
Bates, John Williamson, wife and chil
dren. Miss Alice Taylor, F. Greanisen,
G. Hilton, Claude Mejlersh of San Fran
cisco, Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Moke, Mr. S.
F. Fulkerson of Santa Rosa, C. F. Miller
of Oakland, Frank M. Howell, Walter O.
Howell of Burllngame. Among those who
are expected soon are Captain Agar and
daughters, E. A. Mudgett and family.
JHarbirv Springs.
Among those registered at Harbin
Springs are: O. Onken, Napa City;
Frank E. Lawyer, Joseph T. O'Connor,
J. W. Caples and wife-, San Francisco;
O. Deming, Sacramento; M. Bestandig,
Robert Bllsch, John Duane, W. J. Crow,
J. W. Ott, M. Duane. J. Hayden, L. E.
Wynevien, Mr. and Mrs. Springer, San
Francisco; Thomas Link, Mrs. Friedberg,
Albert Brown, E. L. Bocher, Oakland;
A. Cohn, Lowe Lake; D. Roganti, H. 11.
Behrehs. F. W. Behrens, Napa: Mrs.
R. Lee, Mrs. J. A. Darling. Ruther
ford; B. L. Fagini, Oakville; E. T. Dalton,
Oakland; N. Clavo, Vallejo- J. Bruton,
W. Kelgan, Alameda; J. P. Davis, Burns
Valley; Felix Carvelli, Ed Agamian. A. R.
McCrackin, Captain Gee, J. B. Whitney
and wife, B. Bartles, L. T. Higgins^ H.
R<;hm, J. Ward, J. Farley, John Rapp
and wife, William McCrackin, L. C. Hass
lacher, D. O. Bell, J. Canaron, H. Dag
gett, Charles McCardy, M. Bacon, J. J.
Clark, San Francisco; J. Chase, Oakville;
W. H. Cameron, Utah.
Laurel Del
Arrivals at Laurel Dell during the past
week Include: Ban Francisco— Mrs. 8. L.
Bee, Everett N. Bee, Miss S. Bullivan,
Victor A. Hancock, Mrs. Monroe Balis
bury, Miss M. Salisbury, Kate Thornton
Salisbury. Sidney J. Salisbury, M. L.
Rosenberg, Alexander D. Keys, J. J.
Collins, N. Mattlewitch, Mr. and Mrs.
S. W. Rosenstock and maid, Miss
8. Blanding, W. T. Coleman. Mrs. E.
B. Coleman. Oakland— R. H. Davis.
Lakeport— Leonard Cook, Charles W.
Haycock. Uklah— Ernest Wheeler, Miss
A. Handy^ Ernest Matthews, B. Edwards,
E. Guy Williams, Joe Hildreth.
GalaVeras Big Jrees.
Recent arrivals at Calaveras Big Trees
are: Mrs. George W. McNear, Miss Mc-
Near, Miss Wllcox, Oakland; Hermann
F. Miller, San Francisco; O. B. Spalding,
Honolulu; Miss Mabel Garrard, Miss
Lane, C. G. Fraser, G. G. Fraser, Ban
Francisco; E. J. Bennett, New York; Mr.
and Mrs. William H. Carpe-nter, Provi
dence, R. I.; A. B. Thompson and wife,
San Francisco; C. H. Veeder, Hartford,
Conn.; H. G. Relst. Schenectady, N. V. ;
Herman G. Veeder, Plttsburg, Pa.; Dr.
R. W. West, Canada.
Deer tan.
The weather at Deer Park Inn is now
extremely beautiful. The snow— which
lay three inches deep last week, has all
gone and the flowers and leafage of early
spring are smiling a welcome to the de
lighted guests. There is every indication
that this season will be an exceptionally
good one for troutlng, as the water in
the Truckee River is very low, and no
fish food flowing in from its tributaries.
The arrivals to date are: Mr. and Mrs.
J. B. Scott. Cosumnes; Miss Will, Bed
ford, Pa.; Mrs. H. Smyth, Mrs. I. R. D.
Grubb, Hanson Grubb, Mr. McKee, San
Francisco.
/\etr\a Springs.
The list of arrivals at Aetna Springs
includes J. W. Lawrie, O. L. Thomas, E.
Llndauer, Victor A. Hancock, Mr. and
Mrs. H. B. Russ, Lind B. Russ, Inyo A.
Rubs, Mrs. ; Henry 8. Russ, Clara Peters,
San Francisco; : Frederick K. Russ,
Berkeley; .Mrs. Ed Harriß, Miss C. Jew
«ll, San Fjrajjcisco; £. H. Adams ; and
> * — • +■ ■ —. j. —.
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
flPZr* 30 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH
UOWSTEUE GLOVES, In white only;
former price $1; will be offered at 600
a pair.
7Sr « dozen LADIES' 4 LARGE PEARL
I*J V BUTTON REAL KID GLOVES, in
dark and medium shades of Tan, also
• Black; good value for $1 25; will be
• closed out at 750 a pair.
7^r 20 doaen LADIES' 2-CLASP CHA-
IOvmOIS GLOVES, embroidered back,
colors White and Natural; good value;
will be on sale at 75c a pair.
QfJ/> 30 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH
*J\J\* CHAMOIS GLOVES, neatly embroid-
ered In two-toned stitching, colctfs
White. Natural and Pearl; former
price $1 25; will b« closed out for 900
a pair.
QA/> 28 dozen LADIES' S-CLABP "ROT-
I/UC ALTON" KID GLOVES, colors Red.
Brown, Mode, Tan, Green, Slate and
White, also Black; good value for
■ Jl 25; will be closed out for 90c a pair.
£1 AH *• dozen LADIES' 4 BUTTON
«I>I»W O. B. No. 1 QUALITY (GENU-
INE FRENCH KID) GLOVES,
colors Tan, Mode, Slate, Navy,
Oxblood. Brown and Pearl; former
price $1 60; will be closed out for
Jl a pair.
(I OR »0 dozen LADIES' i-CLASP
I •<£,*} MASCOT DRESSED KID
GLOVES. In colors and Black;
extra good value; will be on Bale
. at 11 25 a pair.
ft I QPC 20 dozen LADIES' 2-CLABP
VltOO GENUINE ENGLISH WALKING
GLOVES, all colors and Black;
extra good value for $1 75; will be
, closed out for $1 85 a pair.
wife New York; W. I. Williams, Miss
Ida M. Richardson, San Francisco; W. A.
Mackinder, St. Helena: W. H. Souther,
E. D. Chandler and wife. San Francisco;
Stuart L. Rawlings, Jacob Hoffman, Oak
land; George H. Wllhelm. Berkeley; Mrs.
W. D. O'Kane, Master Mervyn O'Kane,
San Francisco; John B. McNot, Berke
ley; Mrs. J. D. Jones, Miss Evelyn Jones,
Master J. Miller Jones, Master Richard
Jones, San Francisco; Mrs. John A. Dar
ling, Mrs. R. Lea, Rutherford; Mies Susie
Wells, Miss Sallie Field, J. W. Lawrie,
San Francisco.
Qilrovj Springs.
The following guests registered at the
Gilroy Springs this week: Edward Law
ton and family, C. Arick and family,
Richard C. Whelan and wife, W. E. Mor
ris and family, M. I. Foster and wife,
F. H. Burke and wife, Joseph F. Nolan
and valet, H. Foltz and wife, P. Cun
ningham, H. C. Schnable and son, R. H.
Gilmore and wife, H. D. McClellan and
son, P. Hughes and family, O. Houston
and family, J. Nelson and wife, J. G
Hunter and family, W. Murphy and two
daughters, G. B. Simerman, H. G. Fitz
gerald, B. R. Remington and son, G. A.
Glassman and family, A. Lempe, Mrs
Chalmers W. Beck. J. H. Botsford, W.
A. McCabe, J. 11. Dounby, all of San
Francisco; H. Bueman. San Jose; J. H
Driscoll, Santa Clara; J. Leonard Cen
terville; H. Collis. Fresno.
Paso Jtables.
At Paso Robles the recent arrivals in
clude: C. A. Wlnslow, San Francisco;
James Lynch, James O'Kane, Menlo
THE MEM THEY LEFT BEHIND THEM.
some of the people never can under
stand!
And the next had given himself up,
too. He was "in liquor," he explained,
when he deserted.
"I wouldn't ha' • done it if I'd been
sober," he said, blushing like a big girl;
"any man's liable to be a fool when he's
drunk."
"Where was this?"
"Mexico." ■ •
"And where did you give yourself
up?" - .' >:
"Washington."
"When?" -
"When I heard there was going to be
war."
A boy of seventeen, the youngest
soldier of the company he deserted; the
youngest convict in Alcatraz Prison,
forgot his miserable . shyness in the
spirit of '98. He , stood on one foot,
hunching one , shoulder, twisting his
fingers into his palms, pink to his hair.
"You're a young soldier!"
"Yes'm." ~<
"And a young prisoner."
"Yes'm."
- "Did you desert?"
'"Why?" ' , '.'I
"Why?" I
Silence; blushes; wriggles
"Are you sorry?"
' "Yes'm." •
"Would you like to go to the front?"
Vi "Yes'm."
"You're sure of that?" • -
"Yes'm."
"Then, if you'd known there was go
ing ■to - be war you wouldn't have j run
away?" '■'"'.. '•.
He lifted his eyes, straightened - his
legs, squared himself - against the wan.
"If it's going on when I get out I'll
try It again." . ._' ■
- Please God it may not • be. . But still
I asked — "How try : again 't%
"Volunteers. ;It ain't the regular — "
He choked here — "It ain't the regular,"
he began • again, 5 : pulling himself • to
gether, • "but anyhow—"
Then his eyes filled and I let him go.
- Those who cama after him bad been
' • . • : .. ■ .•.■■■■?■. ■ - ■ • .
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
Ladies' Suits.
45/* JS LADIES' CHEVIOT CLOTH SUITS, fly front jackets, lined
*P U *45 with silk serge, double-lined skirts, former price $9, closing-out
price $6 45.
<ri 5 A LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH SUITS, fly front jackets,
J>\J.O\J l lne d with fancy silk, skirts double lined and velvet bound, for-
mer price $11 50; closing-out price $6 50.
%R A* LADIES' COVERT CLOTH SUITS in two-tone mixed effects
•PO.tc* fly front jackets, lined with fancy silk, double-lined skirts for-
mer price $13 50; closing-out price $8 45.
eil CA LADIES' BLUET COVERT CLOTH SUITS, fly front jackets
«J7 1 I.U\J wltn tucked fronts, lined with silk, skirts double lined and
tucked to match jacket, former price $17 50; closing-out price
$11 50.
$1 0 Ofl LADIES' SERGE SUITS with silk-lined Russian blouse Jack-
•piV/.UVr ets double-lined skirts, colors black or navy, former price $15;
closing-out price $10.
Ladies' Jackets.
$ "? FlO MISSES 1 FLY FRONT JACKETS in mixed cheviot effects, sizes
tPtJ.UVS 12> j4 and 16, former price $5; closing-out price $3.
$C Ckd LADIES' TAN COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, halX
•p*y.\J\J S il k ]i ne d ( former price $7 50; closing-out price $5.
Ladies' Dress Skirts.
C| 2S LADIES 1 CANVAS CLOTH DRESS SKIRTS in assorted dark
•P * ' colors, wide hem on bottom, suitable for camping or beach, for-
mer price $2; closing-out price $1 25.
C 1 00 LADIES' TUSSORE LINEN DRESS SKIRTS, natural-colored
•pi.vru ground with stripes in assorted colors, former price $1 75; clos-
ing-out price $1.
<C 1 1 _ LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS in fancy colors and black-figured
••"''i) mohair, in assorted patterns, double lined and bound, former
price $1 90; closing-out price $1 15.
Ladies' Collarettes.
$2 LADIES' BLACK SILK COLLARETTES, silk lined and braid-
sp t* J\f e d in assorted colors, former price $5; closing-out price $2 60.
(/(/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., /
Wr \J San Francisco. g
Park; W. J. Barrett, H. Eppinger Jr., H.
Bruner, Ban Francisco; R. E. Jack, San
Luis Obispo; P. F. Jacobs and wife, San
Francisco; Mrs. M. Norton, Mrs. B. A.
Peckhara, D. A. Mendenhall. Phil Fuerst
and wife, Mrs. W. B. Shprman, Mrs. S. i
M. Williams, P. A. Klse. Mrs. J. Shana- |
han, J. M. Carnepas. D. Shannon. Miss M.
Donneliv, J. H. Sheffer, H. Kersky, A. Ol
swing. John Otto, Mrs. J. A. Goetz, Sam
McMurtree, J. J. Wells, Dr. William Mar
tin, W. H. Harries, E. W. Harmon; M. i
Levin. San Luis Obispo; 11. Blankenstein,
Thomas Irvln, J. W. Armstrong; Mrs.
Parker and children. El Paso. Texas; Dr.
J. Kreutzman, M.D., and family, San
Francisco; W. McGarvln, E. P. Werner,
H. Koman, R. M. Carr, M. Metzgor. L.
Metzger and servant, Charles Heintz
man, Mrs. H. Schussler and daughter, R.
S. Culverwell, C. Costa. Mrs. Cousin and
daughter; W. H. Francis. Alameda: Wil
son A. Hill, Clarence Epstein, Miss Costa.
Some notable people from San Fran
cisco who wtll spend from four to
ten weeks of this season at Del Monte
are Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope, Mr. and
Mrs. C. E. Wordon, Mrs. A. N. Towne,
Nelson T. Shaw, Mr. and Mrs. John Bar
ton, the Misses Barton, Mr. and Mrs. A.
C. Tubhs and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles A. Lnton, Mrs. A. J. Pope, Mrs. F.
A. Frank, Mr. and Mrs. D. T. Murphy,
Mr. and Mrs. James Carolan, the Misses
Carolan, Mrs. F. F. Low, Miss F. C. Low,
Mrs. E. Cassidy, Mr. and Mrs. P. Mc-
Bean, Miss Mcßean, Mr. and Mrs. B.
Hart, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Hochstadter,
Miss C. J. Flood, Captain A. H. Payson
and family, Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Heller,
BY ALICE RIX.
Continued from Page Seventeen.
taken for fraudulent enlistment What
ever their reasons for running away i
from the army, whatever the reasons j
of their superiors for turning them out !
of it, they all had tried to get back, j
Some had tried one way and some an- j
other, but fair ways were closed to
them all. They traveled far from the!
scene of desertion or dishonorable dis- |
charge; they changed the beards upon !
their faces, the marks upon their bodies,
of which the Government .keeps its
merciless little maps; they look new
names, they took new hearts, they took
new risks t they took new sins upon |
them. And the old one followed and
found them oQt and brought them back j
to pay the penalty for the double crime !
of deserting their country and trying j
afterward to serve her.
Perhaps by that moral law which
known no civil nor military restriction i
they have some rights upon their side '
What better reparation can a man of- i
fer his country deserted in her ease j
than to ask to serve her in her need?
But where would military discipline
be if the moral law should take to in
terfering with it?
These are the men who failed, the
men who lost their chance, the men i
who buried their future in their past, '
the men their comrades left behind i
them.
The reveille that wakes the soldier in !
his tent to glory on the field, calls them !
across prison walls to come and sweep I
the paths of peace. The roll call they '
must daily answer is the list dishonored j
in the service. Before their prison cell I
they pass inglorious review. Their j
Assembly sounds "Inside" to the clang j
of prison doors. Their taps is "All se- i
cure" passed along the prison watch
In the forced peace of military prisons
they lay them down to sleep while their
comrades fljht the cause th-t is their
common cause, under the flag that is
their common flag, for the honor of the
country that is their common country
against the foe that is their common
foe.
And the pity of It Is thej miffht have
been good ■eldiera. .___ AUCB Rry,
Mr. a nd Mrs. F. F. Ryer, Mr. and Mrs.
"» H^as and family, Mr. and Mrs.
Wllliiam Alvord. Mr. and Mrs. M 8
Koshland and family, Mr. and Mrs w"
B. Tubbs and family. Dr. J. W Keeney
and family, Joseph Ehrman and family
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I V ?
I §m^4^ Husband, t
I W J^ Child ♦
► Lover %
> ♦
£ Should never have to look into your
3> face disfigured by wrinkles, pimples,
3> blotches, moth patches, moles.freckles, T
J. red nose or any other blemish. "^
» Why tax his love in this way when I
t> canmake your face as clear and fresh
j> as it was in childhood ? *
S> ■ *
$ ' SPECIAL THIS WEEK. ♦
» SIX FREE TREATMENTS ♦
8> In massaging or bleaching the skin. *
$> A course of treatment that meant *
§> good-by to every facial blemish, leav-
?> ing instead a healthy skin soft, ciear *
and fine of texture. ♦
I MRS. HARRISON'S %
I LOLA MONTEZ CREME, *
§> The greatest skin food, tissue builder ♦
and beautifier the world has ever ♦
known. Restores permanently th« ♦;
natural color and plumpness of youth. ♦
. Price a jar— enough for S month* 4.
* MRS. HARRISON'S ♦
*> 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER ♦
* Gives to gray or faded hair its natural •
*f color in 4 days ; no inconvenience | *f
* not a dye. $1.00. ♦
♦
* TRIAL POT Ladies out of to *"» ♦
$> ' sending this ad. with ♦
$ 10 cents in stamps will receive a book ♦
$> of instructions and a box of Skin Food
g> and Face Powder free. <$,
t> Lady agents wanted in every town. <$>
» MRS. NETTIE HARRISON, ♦
BEAUTY DOCTOR, ♦
* O and 42 Geary St., San Francisco.
0 Genuine Opal Ring, gj| SSe^SSld^S? Q
01 "^riotic MM C «az 88 l n < rftU nli '^"^ to n «Q
O with each pin. Don' t send ' O
O money, just name and addreu, *& m.a. : 'B* n
Q»nd«ayyou\rillreturn pinsor(X_/'^'isaAfln e ? 3»
X "i°nty by miil within 2 wetkn.^^gJ "'" lj *l O
v# We send pins by return mail. V ' •■■ fc *V«»O
U and nnj; when you remit $1 JO. tTiii*!. '|T I l^ltW Q
O *HK COLUMBIAN, Boston, lla«»r^^^r^~^^ O
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
H^UWgB FREE. FREE.
■B^SSfln^Bls permanently removed by the
KVSS^T/W? Philadelphia Electrolysis Com-
■t^SKl '^Pany, Donohoe Building. 1171
KKuVMarket street, cor. Taylor, rooms
BHJBF _L<fl» 23-29, with the Electric Needle,
l^2E<~T«flS wilhout pain or Bear. $1 50 a half
|^HB|||i^Hhour ; thU month; first sitting
■■■■■■X'KEE. Hours, ; to i }X so.
Del J*lonte.Modern Dianas and Their Summer Outfits.
HUNTING AND SWIMMING TOGS
FOR THE SUMMER GIRL.
SHE Is not the traditional "sum- '
mer girl." Her quarry does not i
belong to the human species,
though she both fishes and
hunts. Nimrod and Izaak Wal
ton are her chosen saints, and
mere man Is of no importance j
to her In the pastime of pursuit.
Diana may select her costume from two
or three materials — tweed, corduroy or
canvas— but for a regular field garb the
outfitter -will advise her to have It all of
;roy. He will suggest that she may,
;f she prefers, have a combination— a
■1 or corduroy skirt, with a canvas
shooting jacket, "made just like a
man's"; but his own particular prefer
ence is for corduroy In a pretty brownish
color made with a Norfolk jacket. I'n
:ther coat or jacket must be worn
a sweater of some dark tint. Let nut
Diana be tempted by bright colors.
The wise hunter always selects a tint
for his costume that will be as nearly
•he brown of the woods and earth
as possible. The reason is obvious. Thus
U he is less likely to attract or hold
the attention of four-footed rangers of
the forest, and may, to all intents and
purposes, become a part of the landscape
at a moment's notice when warned that
game is near.
It is advisable for Diana to have sweat
ers of two weights— medium and heavy—
for all sorts and conditions of weather,
for ....e location of the hunting grounds
a:;il the season of the year. She is per
mitted to have a bright-colored sweater
or a fancy .shirt waist or two (to wear
■\i or wh- a she Is simply posing as,
but is not really, a sportswoman and
wants to look fetching;
The skirt of a field costume, be It tweed
or corduroy, extends far enough below
the knee to meet the tons of her high
outing boots -which wtil have special
mention a little later on— and is just wide
enougl ctlj free motion in walk-
Ing or climbing, what little fullness there
is being at the center of the back. The
prise feature of this skirt is its pockets—
■ p patch* pockets, two of them —
directly on the front, and each closing
at the top with a buttonhole and button.
Fully realising the long suft'ering re
sulting from the pocketless costumes of
■women, this outfitter adds a pocket
when m. and the sportswoman
( f to-day can hunt through quite a
pocket preserve in very manly style be
fore she nnpockets a missing article She
knows !b <?*in one of "em somewhere."
Everybody knows of the pockets galore
on the regular leather-trimmed canvas
shooting jacket Diana is now permitted
c finds, It she chooses the
Norfolk Jacket in its place, that she still
lias pockets, many more than she, in her
new estate, knows what to do with.
Under the short skirt she wears bloom
•Half the World Is In total Ignorance of the lq,ws governing healthful sleep. •
Ly.oa on the ?eft side with the arro thrown behind I. the best position,
both for giving a fine figure and promoting health."
ers or knickerbockers of tweed, or heavy \
washable linen, and under the whole cos
tunur- .she will timi ;i combination suit of I
light wool, far more comfortable and con- j
renient than a "two piece Bult" at un
derwear, need not wear v corset un
ihe chooses to do so, but she will
enjoy her lield costume far more if she
- cue cut very low at the tup, very
short uver the hjps— one that is sear ■■■ !y
more than a deep girdle. Or she may
wear a boned or corded underwriter This i
is a point, however, to be settled by Di
ana herself.
Now for the extremes, "hat and boots."
Said the outfitter: "The regulation head
covering is a deer stalking hat, or fore
and aft cap, of the same material as the
Bklrt. but I Pi i lad
In the way of hats, and some, I must con- ,
fess, are rather uou 1..1. ■.:>■-. Bud, . .!■■
hat doesn't make much difference, and
they wear soft felts, rakishly turned up !
at the back and pitched over the eyes at
the front, or the reverse, or turned up
or down all round. In fact, they seem to
prefer, just as some men do, even with
the Mwellest of costumes, any old feit
hat they can find rather than the actu- 1
ally up-to-date sportsman's hat."
Th^re are outing shoes and "field boots"
for Diana, and she should have a pair of
the former for hunting ovei
c ■•■ ■; Inp from the bank. Such
shoes are really high bicycle boots made
::iii.i,m-i and perhaps a little higner than .
the regulation wheeling boot, with rub
ber disks on the soles. The field boots !
cro exact counterparts of those for men,
except that they are a little lighter In
weight. They are sixteen inches high, |
have low heels, thick, heavy Scotch welt j
soles, bellows tongues, are made of un- ;
dressed calf, and absolutely waterproof. !
The bellows tongue prevents any water
from entering the boot at that point,
and at the same time permtts the boot
to Blip on easily by spreading out under
the pressure. Once on the tontlue is
laced into place in the ordinary manner.
Such boots will allow the wearer to wade
shallow streams dry-footed.
"Twenty-five dollars a pair!" I ex- ;
claimed as the salesman told me the !
price.
"Why," said he. "that is not much
when you consider that they are made to :
. T'l'-r and will last with occasional new
half soles, for twenty years, yes, even
for a lifetime."
The point was plain, and after all li
didn't seem, as a moment before, us if ;
IMana must be a millionairess in order to ■
be a huntress. There are times and
streams when even the twenty-flve-dollar
;, ild 1 ts are not high enough. Then
the really ardent fisher maiden poaches
on still more masculine preserves and 1
takes to wading boots and stockings of
rubber.
For the benefit of embryo Dianas I will
say that these two integuments are
drawn and fastened around the waist In
bloomer style, and with her skirt raised
securely a woman may wade a trout 1
stream as fearlessly as a man, and come '
forth as dry as when she stepped in. ,
With wading stockings made of rubber I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
waterproofed cloth, low wading shoes
with rubber disks on the soles are worn. I
These are less clumsy fur women than
wading boots, which are of rubber with '
the wading stockings attached to them.
Apropos of the mutter of securely rais- ■
Ing the skirts for wading, the outfitter
fi«t mentioned does not believe In an
Intricate or complicated arrangement of I
buttons, rings and strings; and the hint '
he gave to his swell customers might be !
of use to women who do not flsh or hunt,
but who are compelled to sometimes raise
their skirts— unless they are Rainy
Daisies. His plan is very simple— lust a !
broad heavy band of rubber slipped over
the head and allowed to rest about the
waist until needed; It is then pushed '
down about the hips, the skirt pulled up i
through it as high as desired, and there
you are. A quick pull of the band up
toward the waist, when on dry territory
again, and the skirt falls Instantly into j
place.
The mail of rods and guns laughed when
I asked him if rods were made specially \
for the use of sportswomen. "Why cer
talnly. but of course the only difference
is in the outward appearances. We simply ;
ornament them in some way, just out or
compliment to the fair sex, you know.
But she really fishes with the same rod as >
we sell her brothers— a five-ounce steel
rod being about the proper thing for her !
to use, or, if she chooses, a corresponding- I
ly light bamboo rod. I have seen rods I
made of gold and silver and others orna- I
mented with silver fret work and etching i
for presentation to ladies. Just think of j
it— fishing with rods of silver and gold! !
We have all heard of that kind of bait,
but whoever dreamed of such royal ap
pliances for landing even a patrician trout '
or perchance a plebeian chub.
"Concerning guns," continued the rod
and gun man, "the number of women In
terested in shooting has had a marked
( •!':'. >'t on the output. Rifles and revolvers.
While of the orthodox pattern for men,
are, for women's use, quit* decorative in j
many examples— a deferential tribute to
Diana's ineradicable desire for attractive!
externalities.
"In the assortment of breech-loading
Shotguns are many beautiful weapons for
women's exclusive use. Many such were
seen at the recent sportsmen's exposition.
But though beautified with inlaid work,
gold and silver ornamentation and artistic
engraving, these weapons are not toys
They shoot to kill and do so as well aa
the best of the guns made for the men.
t rom five to six pounds would be the best
t for l)i;tna's use, and a hammer
l( 88, ejector gnu from sixteen to twenty
gauge, with the proper load of smokeless
POWd< r. will cover her with glory if she
is a good shot."
On the paraphernalia of execution how
ever, the costume outfitter does not dic
tate. He attires her suitably, makes her
f"racUve to the eye and leaves to her
the ' rhntoo ,f her game and the means
of bringing it to her feet.
The Up-to-Date
Swimming Girl.
THE up-to-date summer girl Is taught
to swim scientifically, no matter if
she does choose to pose us a gentle
creature half afraid of the water.
Down deep In her heart she's not a bit
afraid, and ten to one she would dash
boldly to the rescue of an imperiled
swimmer with a coolness and skill that
would do credit to a member of the life
saving corps, for the rescue act Is an Im
portant feature of her natatory curricu
lum.
To really become a mistress of the art
of swimming a girl must take a series
of lessons at a private institution where
she is made to understand the full sig
nificance of the details of every move
ment and position. This done, the result
is a splendid self-confidence ana a cool
head under every circumstance.
The methods employed at the late la
mented natatorium on upper Fifth ave
nue, New York, were novel, and, as one
fair pupil expressed it, "perfectly jolly."
Beginners were first given instructions
In movements on laud; that is, they were
made to stand up with heels placed close
together and then taught to use their
arms. Lan-r they were shown the mo
tion of using one kg and arm together.
After sufficient skill had been acquired
in these matters they were taken to the
tank und a belt placed around the waist,
into which was snapped the hook from a
suspended trolley. This was constructed
of two pulleys, which ran on an auto
matic track above the tank— that is, it
would run when correct motions were
made by the fair novice, but if the arms
and nether limbs failed to work in har
mony not an inch would the trolley budge.
On occasions such as tnese the in
structor would stand upon the edgp nf
the tank indulging In the most convinc
ing form of gymnastics and bellow forth;
"Move the arms out so, as I told you!
Don't try to stand on your foot!" and
tho like, until, when apparently nearly
ready to pitch himself overboard and
end "it all forever, the cable would yield
a bit to the beseeching- efforts of the
pplashing nymph ami plowly, spasmodic
ally move on toward the opposite side of
the tank.
This degree in the Initiation Is kept up
for a series of turns until the pupil feels
that she is no longer afraid of the water.
It gives one courage, you see, and is a
very safe introduction to briny depths;
Next she is put into a belt fashioned of
cork, cut into flat four-inch squares. Into
the water she plunges and proceeds to
learn how to balance herself and inci
dentally to swim without the staying hand
of the trolley. As she gains in self-con
fidence the squares of cork are removed
one by one from the belt about her waist,
until by and by she finds she has mas
tered the natatory art, and that quite
scientifically, too.
When a girl has learned to swim well
the feat of diving is next in line. This
usually Is from the spectators' gallery,
twenty-five feet above the water. The in
structor first takes the correct position
and dives over and then the pupil does
likewise.
When it comes to the rescue part of
the course excitement runs high. Some
thing of goodly proportions which will
slowly sink is thrown into the water and
the swimmer makes for it at a lively
pace. The art lies in knowing just how to
support a dead weight and swim tellingly
at the same time. It is easy to see that
the pupil who completes the course of in
struction as here illustrated is admirably
equipped for old ocean's billows, though
I have neglected to speak of the electric
wheel so placed In the side of the tank
as to perfectly irritate surf motion.
As exercise for developing the lung pow
er and giving strength to chest and shoul
der muscles tho motions employed in
swimming are the finest. I am told by
an expert that ocean bathing is good for
every man, woman and child over 8 years
of age— but that It is also not Rood for
any of them unless indulged in intelligent
ly.
There should be no dallying on the sand
either before the plunge or following it.
nor should a moment be spent in the
water when not in active motion. Robust
persons may remain submerged for twen
ty-five minutes at the longest, while deli
cate ones should not extend the time over
eight minutes.
As a guarantee against taking cold a
shower bath should be arranged in the
bathhouse and turned on sufficient to
drench the skin, both before taking the
plunge and on the return from the surf.
A good rule for both weak and strong
to follow is always to come ovjt of the
water before the delightful feeliiig of ex
hilaration has passed off. for otherwise
there is sure to result a languor and de
bility which sometimes lasts for a day or
two.
Salt water If not good for the hair, In
spite of tho fact that physicians often
order salt shnmvoos for the sealti.
The wise bather will not allow her
tresses to become drenched more than a
couple of times during tho season and
then a good fresh water rinse should fol
low. :-:■!-: .r^-
Working Girl's
Wardrobe,
AN exceedingly pretty and comfort
able gown for summer wear,
k *\ which is both very light and almost
dust proof can be made from serge.
Choose a very firmly woven piece. It is a
certain satisfaction to know your
gown will not fade, which you can be
quite certain of by washing a sample
before buying. The sample should
be well ironed as well as washed, for
it often happens that the iron will
fade the material quite as much as
the washing.
Make the skirt without lining. If
you choose the ruffle bottom pattern
for making the skirt, the ruffle can
be lined with silk and should be
stayed with a narrow band of stif
fening around the hem. Head the
ruffle with velvet the same shade as
the dress.
StriKiog Out Bravely.
Make the jacket to be worn over a
skirt waist wKu a removable velvet col
lar. This can be done by finishing the
neck and front down to the waist line
with a cord. The collar is made with an
Inner cape exactly like the collars worn
by little boys with the sailor suits'.
Make one collar in velvet like the dress
and one in white velvet. Edge the white
one with a narrow quilling at ribbon.
The present fad of wearing military
buttons is easily gratified, as the buttons
can be bought at any store, and are made
up Into cuff buttons, pins, hat pins, buck
les and stick pins, and are both patriotic
and becoming.
Neckties of every description are found
to slip up and get out of place if not prop
erly fastened. To obviate this difficulty
pull the tie Into place and stick a large
headed stick pin through the collar just
above the tie in such a manner that the
head of the pin will hold the collar in
place.
A novel way of utilizing a half worn pair
of bicycle shoes might be interesting to
any one who has a pair of the long cloth
ones with cloth bottoms. Get a pair of
comfortable low shoes In tan or black.
Cut the cloth bottoms off your bicycle
shoes and replace them with the low
shoes. It can be easily done, as the shoe
lining Is soft and can be readily sewn
with stout linen thread to the leggln bot
toms.
A sailor's riding hat Is more comfort
able than any other kind if It can be In
duced to stay In its place. The hair should
be braided closely and put up so the top
of the braid comes just to the hat. An
elastic sewed to the hat will keep It firm
ly with the help of a pin. Do not make
the elastic tight or it will cause head
ache.
To prevent sunburn you must take care
of your face before going out into the sun
rather than after. Wash the face and
neck In warm water to which has been
added a little borax. When dry rub well
into it a lotion made of one half glycerine
and one half witch hazel, four or five
drops of carbolic acid and half a tea
spoonful of borax to a five-ounce bottle of
the lotion.
After the lotion has been -well rubbed
in dust the face with talcum powder to
prevent the dust from sticking.
If you rub this lotion Into the face and
hand's at night it will keep them smooth
in spite of constant out-of-door life.
Mow to Sleep
Correctly.
mY doctor Bays that it isn't what
•we do during the day but we
way we sleep at nipht that makes
ub round-shouldered," I heard a
tall, stunning-looking girl say to her com
panion ac they rested after the dumb
bell drill at the gymnasium.
"You know how dreadfully I stooped
when I left school a year ago," she wen
on. "I just thought I would go craz:
with the home folks always saying
'Maud, dear, sit up straight!' and Jacl
said I looked about as frisky as Grandm;
Burke, who is nearly a hundred. I trle<
physical culture and rode horseback am
played tennis— did everything, in fact
that I was told would straighten mj
shoulders, even to wearing three differen
patent braces, but I could not see th(
least improvement."
"Did the braces do any good?" I hearc
her c mpanion ask. "I am just trying i
pair myself."
She was a slender little thing and noi
as fresh looking as the tall girl.
"No, they didn't," replied the other
"and what's more, they hurt me dread
fully. I had the backache all the time ]
wore them, and they pinched my arms
too. But I want to tell you what mj
doctor said. I went to him one day and I
just sat down in his great big chair anc
cried like a baby. I looked a fright anc
I knew it, but I felt sure that they woult
put me into a plaster cast or something
equally as awful. He didn't, though, bui
just asked the queerest lot of questions
about how I slept."
"How you slept?" exclaimed the slendei
girl, showing a great deal of interest.
"Yes, he wanted to know if I slept on t
downy bed and with a big pillow undei
my head. Of course I did and when ]
told him so he nodded his head and sale
he knew It.
"Then he went on to say that I woulc
lie with my arms up over my head 01
else, when on my side, they would be ir
front of me, with the shoulders throwr
forward, that I often w*'Uld curve my
self up in a little "roll and go to sleep,
These were the common mistakes, h«
said, which most persons made in sleep-
Ing."
"Well, how on earth are we to sleep
and on what sort of beds?" her com
panion asked, with very wide-open eyes
"On a hard bed, the narrower tht
better. He said to lie on my left side
md put my arm behind me. which natur
ally would throw the shoulders back. 1
Sid it, and just see how straight I am!"
she added, standing up and showing her
superb neck and shoulders.
"It wasn't so very hard, either," she
?ontinued. "but I was determined tc
naster the art of sleeping correctly, and
F have. You know Jessie Banks, don't
t'ou? Well, the secret of her fine figure
s that she has for years slept without a
pillow and on a hard mattress scarcely
:hree feet wide. She used to stoop over
frightfully, and her muscles were so
Sabby; but the hard bed makes them
solid, and lying with the head on the
;ame plane with the body keeps the chest
svi-11 thrown out and the shoulders
straight. She looks lovely now in oven
ng dress. There is so much expression in
i pretty bnck and .well-carried chest."
This was all I heard of their interesting
•hat. but it gave me so great a curiosity
:o learn more about the theory that I
na.de straight for the office of a physician
vhose opinion comes very near being the
aw in this country to-day.
"It is quite true," he said, "half the
world is in total ignorance of the laws
governing healthful sleep. People lie on
)eds that are soft and pile so many cov
■rs over them that the body gains no yen-
tilation whatever. High pillows throw the
head forward and interfere with healthful
breathing, while all sorts of positions are
taken with regard only to getting easy.
"A luml bed makes the flesh firm. I
have "known patients to apparently reduce
I th>ir weight twenty or thirty pounds after
I sleeping so for several months, but on be
; ing wt-ighed they would find that no flesh
had been lost; it had simply hardened
and lost its fiabbiness.
"Sleeping on the back !s not healthful.
! It results in a gravitation of blood to the
1 spinal cord and the lower part of the
i brain. Persons who dream much and
I have the nightmare usually sleep tnis
way, and, besides. It throws the palate
! back In such a position aa to cause mouth
breathing and its accompanying snore. A
deal of throat trouble Is caused by this,
as the air reaches the lungs without being
purified and moistened by passing through
the nose.
"Lying on the le.t side, with the arm
thrown behind, is the best position both
for giving a fine figure and in promoting
health. All animals sleep upon the chest
as nearly as possible, with the back up,
and they know pretty well what is the
fight thing to do. It will be found that
In taking tho position I have just advised
the throwing of th? arm bohind one brings
the body nearly over the che^t.
"As for sleeping on high pillows," the
doctor continued, "It is the easiest thing
in the world to grow dependent upon
them, as they favor cerebral anaemia,
which Induces sleep, but if one wishes to
have a finely expanded chest she must
dispense with even the smallest pillow.
"A soft bed Is enervating; it embraces
the body and makes Its tissues flabby,
which, together with heavy covering, in
terferes with the circulation and prevents
the body from tnrowing off impurities.
One should have the air temperate and
the room so ventilated as to dispense
with any but light covering.
"It is not generally known, but to
sleep on the back makes one very liable
to take cold, which Is easily understood,
as the chest and throat are exposed, and
I have found tho majority of persons with
weak lungs and sensitive throats to be
addicted to this position in sleeping.
"Well doctor," I questioned, "does trve
sleeping on hard beds without a pillow
tend to give women line figures?"
"I have never considered it trom the
nolnt of beauty," he answered, with great
dignity, "but it must certainly do so, as
it is the healthful way, and that always
means the most beautiful. I have noticed
that tho women of hot climates have nne
figures and I do not doubt that the
sh-eoing on hard beds for coolness sake
has much to do with it. I had a patient
not long ago who was greatly worried
over having a double chin. I learned that
she was accustomed to sleeping on a soft
bed and with a high pillow. I persuaded
her to abandon them for a hard, narrow
mattress, and without further trouble her
flesh was satisfactorily reduced."
.HINTS FOR THE CJIRE OF THE JMIR
"Fair tresses man's Imperial race ensnare,
And beauty draws us with a single hair."
St. Paul wrote: "If a woman have long
hair, It is a glory to her." Since when
there has been much rhythmic talk about
hair being a woman's crown of glory. Nor
Is It empty talk, for pretty silken tresses,
j well cared for and with a natural wave,
! can excite more real envy in the feminine
j heart than diamond rings or brass but
tons. And there is nothing about a
woman's toilet that gives her that neat
and well-groomed appearance that we all
so covet as well-kept, neatly arranged
locks.
After all, it requires but a little care to
make the scanty locks grow thick and
glossy. It is not the hard brushing once
I in a while and the occasional shampoo
that will keep the hair in good order, but
it is the continuous care and attention.
The scalp, like the rest of the body, must
De kept scrupulously clean.
It should be thoroughly shampooed once
a month, unless very oily, In which case
twice a month is not too often. Use pure
Castile soap and make a good stiff lather.
Don't rub the soap on the hair, for this
makes it sticky and hard to rinse out.
Don't use ammonia on the hair. -
If the water is not soft, a pinch of borax
will soften it.
Rinse thoroughly in hot water several
times, and let the last rinsing be in cold
water. This causes a reaction and stim
ulates the. scalp.
Dry in the sunlight if possible.
Fer some heads afflicted with dandruff
soap is not good. In such cases use the
shampoo:
Yelk cf one egg.
One pint of rain water.
One ounce of rosemary spirit.
Beat until the ingredients are thorough
ly mixed and use it warm, rubbing It well
into the scalp. This is splendid, not only
as a cure for dandruff, but is also cleansx
ing and makes the hair soft and smooth.
For hair that is too oily use the follow-
ing:
Oleum ruscl, oz. ss., equal 15.
Ungt. aquae rosae ad. oz. iv, equal 100.
01. rosae gt. x to tex, equal 1.
Apply to the scalp at night and rub
away with a piece of soft linen In the
morning. Continue until difficulty is re
moved. ,
Keep cheerful and happy and look to the
health if you would have beautiful ana
luxuriant hair. Disorders of the circula
tion and of the nervous system, as well
as anxiety and worry, cause the hair to
Trim the ends of the hair once a month.
There is an old superstition that the moon
influences the growth of the hair— that, if
cut when the moon is young, it grows
with the increase and lengthens without
thickening; if cut when the moon is or
the wane, the growth in length ceases,
but the hair increases in thickness.
The following lotion will assist the
"HYMNS AND LEMONADE."
Novel ways in which the American girl students in Paris employ their
social hours and Sundays.
WHEN the American girl goes
to Paris to study art, music
or what-not her fond relatives
en this side of the pond bid
her farewell with many
doubts and misgivings.
All of which, says the returning
American Girl, belongs more properly
to the realism of fiction and the glare
of the footlights than to the usual
routine life of the student in Paris.
What of the hours from S until 12
working in an atelier, a few moments
for luncheon and again until 5 copying
in the galleries or attending an after
noon atelier?
This solicitude for the welfare of our
students in Paris has occasioned some
delightful institutions where the Ameri
cans, be they from the North, Bast,
South or West, meet and in rubbing
elbows forget their tinge of "helm
weh."
The two most popular of these "home
links" are the "American Girls' Home"
and "Hymns and Lemonade."
The American Girls' Home was
founded some years ago by a number
of wealthy New Yorkers. Mrs. White
law Reid takes an active interest in the
"Home" and is one of its most ardent
supporters.
The "Home" is situated In a part of
the quartier most accessible to the
studios. There are about seventy-five
large, comfortably furnished rooms,
which are rented only to the American
students. Meals are served in the
"Home," but one can room in the
"Home" and board elsewhere if it is
found more desirable. The charges are
very moderate. The inmates of the
"Home" are absolutely free and inde
pendent as to their comings and goings.
After trying "pensions" and "house
keeping apartments" most of the stu
dents flnall3 r move to the American
Girls' Home and to a haven of rest.
Four large rooms on the lower floor
of the "Home" are open to all Ameri
can students and their friends. There
are three large reception rooms and a
library where the American papers, and
magazines are kept on file. The girls
drop in here at all hours to chat, read,
to keep appointments. A great many
of the girls who live in apartments not
convenient for receiving people enter
tain all their visitors at the parlors of
the "Home."
Every day at 5 o'clock tea and crack
ers are served in the "salon" of the
By Mme. Hygela.
growth and nourish the roots of the hair:
Castor oil, one part; oil of sweet almonds,
one part; tannin, one part. Never use a
fine comb. Never use curling irons.
Here is a recipe for a curling fluid: Gum
Tragacanth, lVfe drachms; proof spirit, 3
ounces;. water, 7 ounces, attar of rose, 10
drops.
Give the hair a thorough brushing
every night. This removes dandruff, frees
the hair from dust and dirt collected dur
ing the day, promotes circulation and
keeps the hair soft and glossy.
A word here about hairbrushes.
Don't buy a black brush, for ft is im
possible to tell when it is dirty, and un
less the brush is perfectly clean it will not
cleanse the head.
The best brush for a woman * should
have bristles not more than half an inch
deep, unbleached and stiff enough to
scratch but not Irritate the scalp. After
very few strokes the loose hairs should
be combed from the brush and the loose
scurf and dust removed by rubbing and
beating it on a towel.
The brush should be washed as often as
It needs it. The best way to do this is to
wash it in hot soap and water, to which
a little soda or ammonia has been added,
after which it should be rinsed in clear
water, rubbed on a towel, and put in an
open window, but not in the sunlight, to
dry.
A final rinsing in a little weak alum
water will increase the stiffness of the
bristles.
Combs should never be washed, but
cleaned with a stout thread twisted about
the fingers and run in and out between
the teeth.
There is nothing better for the hair
than a sun bath. Loosen the hair as often
as possible and sit in the sunlight.
But it takes more even than a fine com
plexion and beautiful hair to make a
woman beautiful. She must look to her
hands and nails, that they be soft and
white and polished, her teeth must be
looked after, the body properly exer
ciseu. and she must carry herself grace
fully and walk with her shoulders drawn
back and head well poised, chest out and
chin in, at the same time easily and with
out effort.
Above all no matter how badly tho
world may be treating you, keep the ex
pression of the face cheerful and animat
ed. As the photographer says, "look
pleasant." Really, this is more than half
the battle.
And now. If there are any of you that
would like to ask any questions concern
ing cosmetics or hygiene, I shall be only
too happy to answer them. If there are
any red noses that the owners would liku
to make short work of, any unsightly
spots or other facial blemishes, write to
me and I will tell you what to do for
them. Ask as many questions as you like,
sign any name that you choose, and di
rect your letters to Mme. Ilygeia, The
Call, San Francisco.
I will give you only such recipes as I
have either personally tested or know In
some way to be harmless.
I "Home." Almost all the American Btu-
I dents in Paris are to be found there at
i that hour— the artists, musicians, stu-
I dents at the universities and acade
i mies. They all find it a pleasant way
jof meeting each other, and it saves
I making calls, a formality which finds
very little place in their busy lives.
The conversation is always animated
' and informal. The chances of "being
i hung," or in other words, having a pic
! ture accepted at the "salon," is a never
i failing theme for discussion. Discuss
i music, art, the latest play, indulge in
| a little small talk, wash it down with
i good tea and crackers and then "au
! revoir" till the next day at the same
| hour. No fee whatsoever is charged
' even to those not living in the "Home"
for the use of the reception rooms at all
hours and for the 5 o'clock teas. It has
proved a most delightful way of bring
ing the students of the different arts
together, and the managers gladly
meet any deficits that may occur in the
accounts. "Hymns and Lemonade" is a
newer innovation than the American
Girls' • Home, and when it was first
broached to the students it was viewed
with distrust. They scented that the
promoters of the idea were trying: to
reform them, and they were unani
mous in the opinion that they liked
themselves as they were.
But the originators of the idea — some
■wealthy New Yorkers — went right
ahead, undismayed by any lac> of en
thusiasm on the part of those they
hoped to benefit by the plan. A stu
dio capable of holding about fifty peo
ple was rented, and it was announced
that non-sectarian services would be
conducted there every Sunday evening
for the benefit of the American stu
dents.
There were very few present the first
I evening. But the excellence and brev
{ ity of the informal sermon, the singing
j of the vocal students who had volun
teered their services, the absence of
passing around the plate, and the de
licious lemonade and cake served at
the close of the services, all combined
to make a good impression on the few
students present.
One of those happened to be a wag.
fortunately for the permanence of the
institution, and in a felicitous moment
he dubbed the services "Hymns and
Lemonade," under which happy sobri
quet it was bound to thrive. For it is
far easier and more alluring to pro
pose to take a fellow student to
"Hymns and Lemonade" than to
church.
2728
WHAT IS NEW
ON
THE BOOKSHELVES.
OF the childhood and youth of Al
phnns*» Daudet all the world has
rend in his "Le Petit Chose," that
exquisitely pathetic account of the
inner life of a child destined to be
great; and of his suffering as an
ueher in a school in the provinces
when he was only 16. But it is In "Trente
Ans de Paris" that the real Daudet Is
disclosed. The humorous, pathetic, tri
umphant story of his arrival In Paris,
poor, timid, awkward, short-sighted and
too vain to wear glasses, and his gtadilal
conquest of literary Paris, with his own
history and his opinion of his books is
so charmingly Interwoven that a fuller,
more artistic, happier autobiography
could not be wished for.
The Daudet of late years— the French
Dickens, who had all the art Dickens
lacked, a more delicate perception and
delineation of character, and in Tartar
in, at least, a humorous creation that
outshines Pickwick — Leon Daudet tells
about In the "Revue de Paris." To his
son the grtat novelist is a hero and a
saint.
"He of whom T write," he says, "was
not merely an exemplary father and hus
band. He was my teacher, my counselor,
my best friend. My heart overfiows— l
will open it— so many noble and beautiful
- that hr hap said are trembling
within me, seeking a vent. I will scatter
them among his innumerable admirers.
them ;■ ar nothing. Their gentle con
■s v. Ithout ;i stain."
■ Daudet was stricken sud
denly by an incurable malady, of which
he remained a victim man;.- years. He
endured this terrible affliction with the
.if of a martyr, never permitting
if to become embittered or his In
tellectual activity to be impeded by his
physical infirmities. "But for my mal
ady," his sun quotes from the dying
man's notebook, "I might have been
'mi rely an author.' a prey to the little
nesses <>i the trade, trembling at an ad
verse criticism, excited by praise, duped
by vain satisfaction. Certainly I have
weaknesses enough* Nevertheless I have
been purified."
His death was altogether sudden and
unexpected. The weok before he had at
! an authors' dinner and was the
life o; the party, as Zola has described it.
In their own family. I.eon Daudet writes,
the dinner b^ur was an ideal reunion.
"Seated between my grandmother,
whom lie adnred. and my mother, whom
lie admired above all. his dau^i'ter. &nd
his two smiih. at that dear table, which hi*
pearance has left void and silent, he
ted himself as much r o be entertaln
- at a social reunion.
It was ther^, at this table, that he was
struck by deaih. Th" family were chat
ii:::r familiarly, gay and happy as usual.
whe:i. after ■■; sudden, mysterious silence,
Alphonse Daudet threw back iis head,
already clammy with an icy sweat, and
heard the ominous sound of the
rattle. An hour later ne was re
p.isir.i; up<>n his bed, "beautiful as his
Image in our hearts, amid ctifl' ¥ d •sobs,
and the motionless light of the fam-
Montaigne, Pascal and Rou?,seau were
Daodet's favorite authors Like Emer
son, he had . Montaigne always by his
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Last Tuesday night the grand patron
paid a visit to Silver Gate Chapter at
Benlfia.
On Monday the gTand patron paid a visit
to Esther Chapter.
grand patron will visit Columbus
Chapter on the 13th inst. and on the IMb.
will visit th« chapter at Angels, and dur
ing the week will institute a chapter at
Murphys, Calaveras County.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
Templar Ix>dge has initiated ten mem
bers for the term, having given three can
didates the Initiatory degree on the even
ing of the Ist Inst. That night the chair
was taken by DegTee Master Klngsford.
who conferred the first degree on John M.
Jones of Rogerville, Term.. who was Ini
tiated Into Hawkins Lodge, and having
volunteered in the service of the United
States wanted to take all the degrees be
fore being sent to the front. He is a
member of Company B, Third Artillery.
The following night the two otner de
grees were conferred on him by Yerba
Buena Lodge.
Golden West Lodge on the 4th Instant
celebrated its thirteenth anniversary by
a banquet at which there was a <arge
representation of the membership. There
was a lirst-ciass menu, and a number of
toasts were offered and responded to.
The Knickerbocker Quartet furnished
the vocal music. The affair was under
the direction of H. V. 3<">U, toastmaa
ter, assisted by W. A. S. N'cholson.
Grand Sooretary Shaw hopes to be able
to have the proceedings of the recent
Grand Lodge ready for distribution this
week. _
Apollo and the other San Francisco
lodges that meet on Friday night are
making arrangements to hold a joint
memorial service this year.
The installation of the officers of Can
ton Lodge No. 5 by Colonel Brower, as
sisted by members of the Oakland Can
ton, last Tuesday night, waa witnessed
by a large number of the rank of Pa
triarch Militant and by a number of the
soldiers from Camp Merritt who aremem
bern of the branch. The installing offi
cers acquitted themselves in a manner
of which they may feel proud.
California Rebekah Lodge has elected
the- following officers: Sarah Patterson,
noble grand; Alice Hall, vice-grand; Paul
ine Harris, recording secretary; Mary A.
Hawley, financial secretary; Flora Berg
man, treasurer; Fannie Jonas, trustee.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Spartan Lodge has donated $20 to the
Red Cross Society in addition to passing
a resolution agreeing to pay the dues and
assessments of any member who Is in the
volunteer service of the United States,
and at the meeting on Saturday. June 4,
it further demonstrated its patriotism
and loyalty to the country by placing on
the altar a fine American flag presented
to the lodge by Deputy Grand Master
Workman Danforth on behalf of J. Mich
aels, past master workman. It was re
solved that the flag shall be displayed
hereafter at every meeting.
The following officers of Unity Lodge
will he installled in public .n Laurel Hall
on July 12; C. W. Peck, P. M. W.; John
M. Hyfand, M. W.; H. J. Trowbridge, F.;
Robert C. Ross. O.; H. Grimshaw, R.;
William Tuggey, F. : E. Lawton, R.; M.
I.<-i. ■'> : EL P. Knawblaw, I. W.; J. F.
Sternbcrg, O. W.
i apt Supreme Master Workman "U . H.
Jordan paid a fraternal visit last Friday
to Vesper Lodge and there repeated his
lecture on Cuba.
Last Monday nltrht Oak Lodge
celebrated its twentieth anniversary.
After an interesting meeting in the lodge
ruom there was an adjournment to a ho
tel in the vicinity whero there was a ban
quet and oratory, in which George Bnhrs,
G. M. W.; D. S. Hirahberg, ex-G. R.; C.
H. Dutton, P. M. W., and others partic
ipated.
Special Deputy Maplesden reports fa
vorably on the formation of a lodge in
Bid well Bar, and Deputy Wells sends en
couraging reports from Santa Ana.
Gold Ridge Lorlge entertained ita
friends recently, ana among the mem
bers who contributed to the evening's en
tertainment wan Grand Receiver Sara
Booth, who delivered an address and
favored with songs.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Silver Spray Lodge on last Tuesday, af
ter receiving four applications for th&
bcne.flciary feature of the order, ten
dered a good-by reception to the superior
chief of honor, Mrs. Stewart, and to the
grund recorder, Mrs. Poland, who will
leave to-day for Asbury Park to attend
(he session of the Superior Lodge.
side, and could have «aid with the (Treat
philosopher, "Read Montaigne. All wis
dom lies in Montaigne." But the book
that he studied most was the book of
life. He believed that practical expe
rience was the necessary preliminary to
good work and that emotion is the real
source of all that is great in art. His
sensibility was keen; he had a rare ca
pacity for deep feeling and held that what
we tell in song is first learned Id suffer
ing — sympathetic or personal. Napoleon
was one of his heroes.
In speaking of this tumultuous and
restless nlneteer.tn century, he main
tained that it was dominated by two
types, that of Bonaparte and that of
Hamlet; the latter, prince not only of
Denmark but of the Interior life; the for
mer, source of high deeds and daring en
terprises.
Among his contemporaries there were
two whom he regarded as representatives
of their opposite ideals, Stanley, the man
of action, and George Meredith, the
thoughtful and laborious recluse. He de
lighted in Stanley's books, and read them
incessantly. Moreover, when the daring
traveler was attacked, he defended him
with conviction, maintaining that, *• far
from being cruel, he was the most just
and merciful, as well as the most tena
cious of conquerors. His son thus de
scribes their meeting during Alphonse
Daudefs visit to England:
"At last, at the nouse of a mutual
friend in London, he encountered the ob
ject of his admiration. And what a spec
tacle it was to watch these two distin
guished men, who understood each other
so well, in affectionate discourse. It is
impossible that a being for whom my fa
ther felt such a sincere friendship could
have been wicked. He considered him
one of the finest types of the Anglo-Saxon
race, cosmopolitan in his lucidity of mind,
courage, straightforward integrity, and
Found judgment.
Alphonse Daudet could never reconcile
himself to the defeat suffered by France
in the war of IS7O, in which he took part,
and whose terrible history Zola has given
in "Le Debacle." Daudet could not be in
duced to write of it.
"Such a recital would not have inspired
and elevated our people," the novelist an
swered. "A warlike country like ours
needs to hear not me dirges of defeat but
the clarion chant of victory."
"Great successes surprised my father."
Daudet fits writes, "but did not intoxicate
him. 1 have never known any one so in
different to money. Modest in his daily
life, an enemy to luxury and display, sim
ple In his dress, his hounenold arid hla
whole conduct, he considered wealth n
dangerous snare; it was in his eyes an In
fected source that poisoned those wlio
drank of it, the principal cause of the dis
sensions and hatreds of families and soci
eties."
The great author's delight In music, and
the fortunate circumstance that it helped
instead of hindering him at his work,
made Madame Daudet'a ability as a pian
ist another bond between these two, who
were such good companions.
Leon quotes his father as saying:
"Without my wife I should have aban- '
doned mysrlf to my dangerous facility.
It was not until late that I was torment- i
ed by the love of perfection." And again: I
"At present the disproportion between •
what my pen transcribes and my spirit
baa received Is bitter to me. I yearn to I
express the inexpressible."
Daudefs life was one of great simplicity i
hibltion in Oakland of the drill work of
the drill team of Ivy Lodge. There was
a large attendance and the work of the
ladles, in the beautiful costumes, was
exceedingly well performed.
The expense assessment of 50 cents will
be levied on each beneficiary member on
the Ist of July.
THE NATIVE SONS.
Last Wednesday night Sequoia Chapter
tendered a reception to Fremont Parlor of
the Native Daughters in the large hall of
the Native Sons' building. During the re
ception, at which there was a large at
tendance, the members of the Native
Sons' band of Sequoia Parlor rendered a
number of choice selections which were
highly appreciated. Then followed a ball
with a well chosen programme of dances.
The committee that had charge of the
affair was W. L. Goodwin, E. Baumeis
ter, J. S. Ward Dr. F. H. Cranz and S.
A. White. W. L. Goodwin was the floor
manager.
R. H. Morse, Henry Lunstedt, B. F.
Hanlon, E. Gauthier Jr. and J. B. Stovall
have been appointed a committee to make
arrangements to have the officers of Cali
fornia Parlor exemplify the ritualistic
work before the sitting board and the of
ficers of the various parlors of San Fran
cisco In the large hall of the Native Sons'
building on theevening of the 16th of July.
W. D. Hobro Jr. has been elected mar
shal of California Parlor, vice J. C. Ber
gez, resigned. The officers of this parlor
will be installed on Wednesday, the 6th of
July.
Sequoia Parlor has elected the follow
ing officers: J. S. Ward, P.; G. Sensta
ken, W. L. Goodwin and H. Scheper,
V. Ps. ; J. B. Tyson, M. ; R. D. Barton, R.
8.; C. E. Torres, F. S.; T. T. Richardson,
J. F. Lyons and Mathew O'Brien, trus
tees; and E. F. Donnelly, surgeon. H. C.
Hasselbach became past president.
Brooklyn Parlor has arranged for a
grand picnic in San Lorenzo Grove on the
4th oi July.
THE NATrVE DAUGHTERS.
Oro Fino Parlor has elected the follow
ing named officers for the ensuing term:
Miss Nellie T. Mulcay, P. P.; Mrs. Mar
guerite Kapp, P.; Miss Annie Mlschler,
Mrs. Clara Gassman and Miss TillieStahl,
V. Ps. ; Miss Elizabeth Henrlx, M.; Miss
M. J. Smith, R. S. (twelfth term); Miss
Jennie M. Stark, F. S. ; Mrs. May G.
Church, T. ; Miss Mamie Hlnck. Miss Eve
lyn Anderson and Mrs. Annie Neville,
trustees; Dr. E. La Fontaine, examining
physician. The business meeting was
followed by a short programme of en
tertainment, and then refreshments were
served.
Golden Gate Parlor has elected the fol
lowing officers for the ensuing term: Mrs.
C. Day, P.; Misses A. Ackman, G. Shade
and A. Thell, V. Ps. ; Miss J. Meyer, R. S ;
Miss R. Day, F. S. ; Miss M. Ducker, T. ;
Miss T. Ducker, M. ; Misses M. Tietjen. j.
St. Denis and F. yon Staden, trustees;
Mrs. Dr. E. 8. Merrltt, physician; Miss L.
Wedel, organist.
Alelis Parlor No. 102 waa instituted at
Salinas by Mrs. Belle W. Conrad, grand
president, on trie evening of the 2d inst.
with sixty-five members. She was as
sisted in the work of institution by Mrs.
Dora Zumudowski and members of Pa
jaro Parlor of Watsonvllle. The parlor
was organized by Mrs. Cora McCandless.
The following named are the officers:
Mrs. Louisa Hare, past president; Mrs.
Arlana Sterling, president; Mrs. Cora
McCandless, Miss May Patton and Miss
Mabel Harvey, vice-presidents; Miss Ivy
Eaton, secretary; Miss Edith Baker,
financial secretary; Mrs. Fannie Eaton,
treasurer; Mrs. Florence Abbott, mar
shal; Mrs. Adelede Harris, inside sentinel;
Miss Beatrice Porter, outside sentinel;
Miss Grace Shearer, Mtes Rose Mathews
and Mrs. Dr. Freeman, trustees; Miss L.
Johnson, organist.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
California Council will at its next
meeting be officially visited by the San
Francisco Cabinet. On that occasion
there will be two initiations, and then
there will be presented a fine programme
of entertainment. This will take place
on the evening of the 21st Inst., and a
committee was appointed to visit the sol
diers at Camp Merrttt and invite all
members of the National Union in the
volunteer service to attend the meeting.
During the evening the council was en
tertained with selections by the quar
tet; also songs by «L_Semeria and others.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
Last Wednesday night the vice-gov
ernor presided in the absence of M. L.
Asher, the governor of San Francisco
Chapter, confined to hie home by illness.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
and regularity. He worked continuously
and with great ardor. After it became
difficult for him to go out, he was always,
at his table, reading, writing and making
notes. He rose at 7 o'clock and retired at
11, save on Tuesday, his evening of recre
ation, when he received his friends.
His son discovered In one of his note
books a list of the principal social wrongs
and injustices that required to be com
bated. He acknowledged that he made
It to suggest subjects for his books, add
ing: "Whatever may be the abuse, it is
and three of them were present to take
the degree. These were Dr. E. S. Clark,
William H. Day and Mary A. Caley. At
the close of the business meeting the
membership was entertained with
recitations and anecdotes by George Cal
vert, a comedian, and a number of oth
ers. There were present visitors from
Mill Valley Chapter, who reported that
the order in Marln County is attracting
attention, and that there are hopes for
additional membership in that section of
the country.
Secretary J. J. Cullen has been elected
treasurer of the chapter in addition to
his other duties during the balance of the
term.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
High Chief Ranger Samuels paid hie
first visit last Thursday night to Court
Sutro Heights since his elevation to his
present position, and during the evening
delivered an address on fraternity that
had a perceptible effect on the member
ship assembled. An address was also de
livered by Deputy Waller, and George J.
Strong, George, K. Small and other mem
bers had something to say for the good
of the order. It was announced that at
the next meeting of the court Profespor
Yehl, the genial organist of the court,
will introduce a graphophone and enter
tain the members with reproductions of
the human voice and of musical instru
ments. There will also be a good pro
gramme that will no doubt on the even
ing of the 24th inst. attract a large crowd
to the court room. The following officers
were elected for the ensuing term: E.
N. Boukofsky, C. R.: J. P. Riley, S. C.
R.; J. W. Gleadell, R. S.; W. J. Bora
dori, S. W.; R. Klumpf, J. W.; C. Jacob
son, S. B.; C. W. Ingfaam, J. B.; S. Yehl,
organist (re-elected).
Professor Charles Weisel, -well known
in Forestry circles, also organist of
Golden Gate Camp of the Woodmen and
organist of Bald Eagle Tribe of the I. O.
R. M., will leave to-day for a visit to
Germany. He will be absent two months.
Junior Court Pride of California will
celebrate its twentieth anniversary on
the evening of August 13 by an enter
tainment.
Under the auspices of Court Aurora
there will be a meeting on the 18th inst.
to take steps toward concerted action
by all the courts in aid of the Red Cross
Society.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
On the evening of the 4th Inst. Bonlta
Circle celebrated Its eighth anniversary
by a ball in Mangels Hall. The hall
had been tastefully decorated with the
flags and emblems of the United States
and demonstrated the patriotic spirit of
the membership. Grand Chief Compan
ion Ira W. Coburn and other grand of
ficers were present, and the large
number of persons present enjoyed a
carefully selected programme of dances.
The event was under the direction of Miss
M. Gerl, Miss May Bayly, Miss A. Racou
let and Miss M. Downing. Henry L. Rup
pel was the floor manager, and his as
sistants were Misa A. Hoff and Mr. Cham
berlain.
Inter Nos Clrcl» at its meeting last
Wednesday night donated to the Associa
tion of Companions of Foresters the sum
of $5 in aid of the fund to procure arti
cles of comfort for the volunteers now
at the camj) at Richmond. During the
evening there were a number of addresses
by members of the circle and visitors, in
cluding Ira W. Coburn, G. C. C. ; Mrs. K.
Haughty, G. T.; Mrs. L. Atwood, G. R.
S • Mrs. M. Connell, P. G. M. ; Miss Jennie
Workurka, G. M. ; Dr. Atwood and Otto
Loft.
Grand Chief Companion Coburn expects
to be able to announce the list of deputies
this week.
Last Thursday night Mrs. Otto Loft,
chief companion of Inter Nos Circle, and
her husband, a member of the same cir
cle, entertained Past Chief Companion
Mrs. Harrington and several friends at
their home on Larkin street. Among those
present were Mrs. Lizzie Atwood, P. G.
C. C. ; Dr. W. A. Atwood of Robin Hood
Circle, Grand Marshal Miss Jennie Wor
kurka, John J. Harrington and Miss Mag
gie Forrest of Inter Nos Circle, M. E.
Llcht and Miss King. A very pleasant
evening was spent.
ORDER CHOSEN FRIENDS.
During '■ the "past week { Grand / Councilor
Boehm paid a visit to Grass Valley Coun
cil ; ' and '-r to Nevada ;' Council *in ; Nevada
County. He also paid a : visit to Wood
land Council. V:'! / V .. "';l'->
Ten ; of the , local ..councils ;, were I repre
sented in the visit ; of : Progressive Council
to America Council I last- Tuesday evening.
There j was i' a > good ; attendance, x and .? the
visitors, at the close of the business, with
A. G. Barker in the chair, took charge [of
the council ; and ; provided ; entertainment
for all present." There were , talks . for the
good of * the order; by Supreme ) Vice-Coun
cilor Hutton, Grand \ Recorder Wallis and
A. G. • Baker, D.D. : recitations by ; E. ■A.
I Street, .^ Ul *? »tori«a by, Mr. ' Dualas and.
i consolation to know that it Is always
"ollowed by an effort, however feeble,
at reparation."
The sons admiration for his great
father finds expression at times in words
which sound a bit theatrical when trans
lated Into cold English. But he makes
evident the unusual beauty of the dead
man's character and of his life. "In his
outbursts of tenderness," he says, "noth
ing seemed to him too difficult. He de
fled the implacability of destiny! In his
eyes every wrong might be righted, every
vice was remediable. For every fault he
sought an excuse. In his simple life,
open to the day, may be found the most
convincing arguments in favor of human
liberty."
The Duenna of a Genius.
"The Duenna of a Genius" is the legiti
mate successor to "The First Violin."
All the maidens of all ages who reveled
ALPHONSE DAUDET.
From a Photograph.
in the musical love story which within
the past month reached stage coronation
after all these years of closest adoration
may now transfer their allegiance to M.
E. Francis' "Duenna of a Genius." And
what they lose In loyalty they'll gain in
sentimental enjoyment.
When the average woman-writer pens
a love story a time arrives when from
her literary store of this world's goods
she is .called upon to endow her hero and
several other numbers. The next visit
of Progressive Council will be to Empire
Council, on Monday, the 20th inst. It was
decided that in future all meetings held
under the auspices of Progressive Coun
cil shall be open to the public.
Social Council gave one of its enjoyable
ei.terl.iinmentJr last Thursday, and there
were many present to greet the committee
that hn<l prepared a good programme.
It included an address on "Fraternal Pro
tection," by W. B. Punlap, fancy dance
and recitation by Miss Dollie Dolliver, a
recitation by Miss D. Blume and other
numbers, after which there was a dance.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The headquarters of the Young Men's
Institute have been removed from tne
Parrott building to the Pioneer JUildlng,
on Fourth street. The organization has
secured the ereater portion of the sec
ond floor of that building and has fitted
up a fine lodgeroom, which will serve all
the needs of the councils that have been
meeting downtown. Adjoining that there
will be a commodious billiard room, and
in front, facing on Fourth street, is the
library and reading room. To the right
of this is the office of Grand Secretary-
Stanley.
A new list of official visits will be issued
this week.
Columbia Covincil No. 55 was the first
to meet in the new hall.
The several councils whose members
will meet in the new quarters have ar
ranged to have each furnish some part
of the hall.
On the 20th inst. there will be a district
meeting in the hall of No. 6 in Oakland
of councils 6, S, 24 and 81.
Rev. Faiher Slattery and Grand Secre
tary Stanley paid a visit on the 6th inst.
to Council No. 6 in Oakland, and after
the official visit was over the visitors
were treated to a banquet. The same offi
cials will visit the council at Benlcla on
the lGth inst.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Institute No. 46 was recently Instituted
by Grand President Miss Grote, assisted
by Miss Lizzie Terry as grand marshal;
Grand Secretary Miss Josle T. Molloy,
and Grand Director Miss Nellie Winter.
To-day a new institute to be known as
No. 47 will be organized in Merced.
The next session of the Grand Council
will be held In the headquarters at Tenth
and Market streets on the 27th of July.
There is to be a meeting of representa
tives from all the councils for the purpose
of making arrangements for the conven
tion.
Miss Sophie A. Grote Is recovering from
a severe attack of illness, which has con
fined her to her home for some time, but
Bhe is still so weak that visitors are not
permitted to call on her.
The order has recently met a severe
loss in the death of Louise G. Boyle of
Institute No. 3. She was one of the most
amiable members of the organization,
who was ever ready and willing to give
her time and ability, as well as means, to
advance the cause in which the member
ship la engaged. In the language of one
of her friends. "She was one of those
sweet girls whose friendship was worth
living for."
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
At a meeting of Keystone Lodge of the
K. of H. it was resolved to extend an In
vitation to all soldiers of the order to at
tend the meetings of the lodge In Frater
nal Hall, Alcazar building. They will be
accorded a hearty welcome, and an en
tertainment will b« got up for their
benefit.
'; Yerba Buena Lodge elected officers last
Monday. Joseph Baker will preside next
term. After election 1 . the membership had
a patriotic social, and: there were many
songs and addresses.. > . ■ .
i. L. W. Tursman will be dictator of Lib
erty Lodge next term, and he promises to
make that term one of the most success
ful ones that the lodge has; ever had.
I Dr. ■> James Frost has been - elected dic
tator of Polar Lodge for > the next . term.
Anchor Lodge elected new officers last
Monday. This last-named lodge ;is still
initiating members. •;■ / •
• Tancred Lodge, will -keep in good stand
ing its members who have enlisted, "s ;
 Yosemite Lodge initiated two candidates
last Wednesday, Deputy B. E. George
being the initiating officer, assisted by M.
L. ' Crowe, D. at L. Emll % Magner, , the
financial secretary, has r sufficiently = re
covered to admit of his removal to Bart
lett Springs. _;:■ ■ - ; . ,- : \i
■•- At a large meeting of Saxon Lodge last
Tuesday the ' membership was * addressed
by - P. : L. Archibald, IG. D. . and H. lA.
lender, D. D. cj-; -.:,1v :- -V-- , -v "••.'• -■'■-'■ ■"..•■'
'.: The I committee 'f of >'-\ arrangements has
concluded ? its I preparations I for I the | cele
bration of the silver jubilee of the Knights
of Honor, which falls on the 30th inst. "■> The
celebration i; will be i held ; in the j Odd . Fel
lows' Hall, ; where there will be presented
a "-; programme -of i musical s ' and - literary
numbers of unusual excellence. :■ ■ • :. :
After an * initiation last v> week the
members of Fortuna Lodge were . ad
dressed by C. *A. Garthorne, 'P. D., T.
Robinett and P. L. Archibald, G. D. ,
/ Yerba ■• Buena Lodge which, - since :; th«
pjroyjpiw • report, fa» : bjwA a4AfiA \? 4ta>
heroine. .It 1b then that the generous In
stincts of the sex are further revealed.
She who is called upon to play Fate and
deal out imaginary fame and fortune and
beauty and virtue does it with no miserly
hand. Prom the abundance which she
hath— the more she gives the more she
has, for. truly, imaginative weaJth is infi
nite—she bestows with a motherly liber
ality upon her mind's children. Nothing
is too good; nothing is too great for them.
For— they are hers.
When Jessie Fothergill wrote the little
story of sentiment and song that Mans
field is now playing in New York— which
succeeds despite the dramatic critics, just
as the book did in the teeth" of book re
views—her devotion to her mental off
spring compelled her to make Eugene a
count. Or was it a shrewd knowledge of
what her sex. the foreordained readers of
the book, would require of her? In the
same spirit M. E. Francis marries off Her
two charming little Hungarian heroines,
one to the greatest pianist in the world,
and the other to an English baronet, who
is "colossally rich, young, not yet 32,
handsome, healthy, and, moreover, hon
estly interested in life and in his fellow
creatures."
But the "Duenna of a Genius" has what
memory denies to "The First Violin"— a
very good drawing of character in the
persons of these two beautiful, talented,
adorable Hungarian heroines: one or two
excellent situations, such as that where
the genius pouts and pretends to be un
able to speak English, and another which
describes their unsuccessful concert; a
sense of humor; a certain degree of ar
tistic taste in the arrangement of the
story; and one chapter, that in which the
genius plays an early morning violin
serenade in the woods, to the great
pianist whom she loves, which is very
pretty and pastoral and Impossible.
This "Duenna of a Genius." with its
musically captloned chapters, is not to be
read with one's critical cap on. Take It
up when you don't feel like reading, when
your brain doesn't crave loftier entertain
ment, when your doubting spirit is dulled
by fatigue or illness, and let it lull your
pessimism to sleep. It's a fairy story for
adults, where there are two lovely
princesses instead of one, and two
knights instead of one, to rescue them
from poverty and obscurity and that still
greater calamity, old maidenhood.
The Love of an Obsolete Woman.
"The Love of an Obsolete Woman,"
chronicled by her anonymous self, is an
immoral story, very well written, which
makes it doubly Immoral. But Its im
morality Is not of the sort that makes
converts to the outraging of convention
ality. For this obsolete woman was as
unhappy as though she were not out of
date, but alive and suffering now with
the rest of the nineteenth century world.
Her wickedness lies in her unrepentance,
wliioh she reiterates to the very last lino
of the stron, artistic autobiography,
which has the vivid keenness of a real
self-portrayal.
"Not long ago," says this obsolete
woman, "I heard a young woman— a re
fined, cultivated, carefully reared crea
ture—talking of a man with whom she
had been thrown in contact. 'I could
never have cared for him in the least,'
she said, "but he was so ununually well
off that If he had asked me I should not
have felt justified in refusing him. I am
glad he didn't." It was then that a sense
of my primordial antiquity fell upon me:
in that moment I found the title of this
book."
It's a good title and an interesting
story, and an unusual one, for it gives
the other side— the other woman's side —
of the old tragedy of one man and two
women. The story of the obsolete woman
is not the glorification of a Camille. It's
self-analysis is pitiless, frank, not senti
mental, and the telling of it is an example
of direct, forceful brevity.
The Spaniard in History.
James Fernald has written a little
book which In less than a hundred and
fifty pages covers two thousand years of
history. "The Spaniard in History" is a
brief, summarized Impeachment of our
enemies and a recital of their traits,
which the author declares are unchanged
since pre-Roman times.
"The Spaniards have progressed," he
membership, will. In the next report,
make a good showing.
Yosemlte Lodge has taken steps to
make a marked Increase In Its member
ship.
The officers of Center Lodge who Ini
tiate without the use of a book will soon
be called upon to initiate six candidates.
Arrangements for the celebration of the
■liver anniversary are almost complete
and tickets will soon be issued.
THE OHIO SOCIETY.
At the monthly meeting of the Ohio So
ciety of California there was on last Fri
day a large attendance of people to wit
ness the initiation of twenty-one mem
bers. Each member wore the badge of the
order, a tricolor ribbon with a genuine
Buckeye State chestnut pendant. The
I following named were elected as members
I of the society: Dr. W. Z. King, Sergeant
I K. K. Colby, F. A. Blocksome, L. E. Stan
ton, E. P. Corman, W. B. Wilshire, Pro
fessor William T. Ross, Karl E. Kneiss,
Matthew Turner, Walter R. Kneiss, D. K.
B. Sellers, A. T. Corbus and Harris H.
Fassett. A report that a regiment of
Ohio troops was expected to arrive In
this city soon caused a flutter of excite
ment, and evoked spirited and patriotic
remarks from H. L. Tickner, D. D.
Stubbs, Eli T. Sheppard, James B. Stev
ens, Theo F. George, Dr. F. H. Titus, E.
W. Currier, N. R. Arter. Louis P. Mc-
Carty. A. Arter, Major J. A. Whiteside,
Henry Hllp, R. A. Bourne. H. C. Fire
baugh, J. L. Grifnng, G. A. Scheer and
Ben. B. Haskell. It was proposed to give
at an early date an entertainment, at
which Ohio's soldiery, now in this city,
should be the guests of honor, and the
matter was finally referred to the execu
tive committee for action. A vote of
thanks was tendered to The Call for hav
ing given publicity to the arrangements of
the society relating to the troops from
Ohio. _____
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Never was the hall of Aurora Lodge so
decorated with California's beautiful
flowers as it was last week on the occa
sion of the reception tendered to the
grand officers recently elected. Not only
wag there a profusion of beautiful flow
ers but they were arranged in an artistic
manner. All the grand OK.cers were
present, and there was a large attendance
of visitors from other lodges. The meet-
Ing was called to order by Mrs. L. J.
Wheelock, the grand protector, who is
also protector of Aurora Lodge, and after
the business had been dispatched with
that promptness for which this lodge is
noted there came the social hour. The
grand protector was at the outset pre
sented dv Deputy Grand Protector Mrs.
Annie Thomson, on behalf of Aurora
Lodge, a floral ple'ce representing the
emblem of the order; also a large
bouquet of sweet peas. After that there
was a programme of entertainment and
the serving of icecream and cakes. Prom
inent among the entertainers were Mr.
and Mrs. Igo, who gave vocal solos and
patriotic selections on the piano. The
grand protector delivered a short ad
dress, in which she declared that the war
spirit had not only affected the citizens at
large but had aroused the knights and
ladies to a desire to capture recruits for
what she designated as the "Queen of all
beneficiary associations." She spoke of
the advantages that the order offers, and
then offered a prize of a large American
flag to the lodge that shall show the
greatest increase in beneficial members
by the Ist of March, 1899, and a fine altar
cloth to the lodge that shall perform the
most perfect ritualistic work. She will
also donate a Jewel to the deputy whose
lodge shall be most perfect in ritualistic
work.
Golden Rule Lodge gave an entertain
ment and social last Thursday night in
Its hall on Eddy street, and had a very
enjoyable time.
West End Lodge has elected the follow
ing officers: J. H. Aiken, P.; Mrs H.
Gpetjen, V. Pj Ph. Kaplan. E I.: Mrs. Mary
El Carleton, f.; Mrs. J. H. Aiken, C; M
Whitten, G.; H. Goetjen, guardian, and
M. Levy, S.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
Pocahontas Council, Decree of Poca
hontas. I. O. R. M.. held Its regular elec
tion of officers last Thursday evening.
The following officers were elected for the
ensuing term: Prophetess, Mrs. K. Searey;
Pocahontas, Miss A. McMahon; Weno
nah. Miss C. Van Nostrand; Powhatan,
Thomas Searey; chief of records. Miss J.
Walworth; collector of wampum, Mrs. J.
Weisel; keeper of wampum, Mrs. R. Wal
worth; guard of the tepee, James Hagan.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
; G. W. Collins, G. S. S., and C. F. Burg
man, G. C. of -Rr^'yl sited ..Mayacamas
Tribe at St. Helena last week lit company
with - a : tribe ; from s this s city ; and ■ adopted
fifteen -palefaces: for that tribe. . ; v
:■--,' A i new council '. of - the ; Degree sof ■ Poca
hontas blsi to sbe instituted iat s Oak £ Park,
Sacramento County, on the 18th inst., and
a new tribe is to , be instituted at ■: Folsom
on the 20th. t; V - ■' ■ ,i ■.; • ." ' ' • - •/.'•".
v .-.: Next ; Thursday the ? great ! chicf > of ' rec
ords, will visit Fort I Jones, Slskiyou Ckraii
_UV to a#iv.w a, gufeUs lecture is, regard
says, "not in refinement, but In barbar-
In view of the fictitious victories now
adays reported in Spain the author recog
nizers the same spirit that falsified the
defeat of that Invincible armada which
was so readily conquered
"Through the summer," Fernald says,
"the Spanish people had been assured
that the armada had won victories; that
'the great dog. Sir Francis Drake, was
a prisoner In chains, and there were bon
fires and rejoicings in the cities of Spain.
They fought then, as now. with epi
thets. It was the English dog. Now it s
The book is carried up to and includes
Dewey's victory at Manila.
"A nation that persistently despises and
destroys those industrial and mechanical
pursuits that train eye. hand and nerve
to steadiness and accuracy througb^gen
erations," concludes the author can
not nrosecute successfully even its cher
ished vocation of war."_
"The Flying Islands of the Night is
the sixth volume of James Whitcomb
Riley's works which the Scribners are
publishing. It is a reprint of Riley's
earlier poems.
"The History of the Jews," by Pro
fessor Graetz. is a compilation in one
volume of eleven volumes, translated
and abridged under the author's super
vision.
"The Revenge of Lucas Helm is a story
that Poe might have told If he had he
would have told it more effectively than
has the translator of Augusts Blondel.
The idea is a striking one.
Julia Magruder's "Realized Love" is a
pretty little tale In which pessimism has
no place, and the knowledge that the hero
and heroine will marry and live happy
ever after is agreeably certain from the
book's very beginning.
"Shantytown Sketches," by A- J. D.
Biddle, is a collection of very short news
paper skits in dialect mainly, exhibiting
the writer's acquaintance with the negro,
German and Italian element or uncle
Sam's big cosmopolitan family.
* • •
In "the Gods of Our Fathers,"
Herman Stern describes the primi
tive beliefs in regard to the
creation of the world— of the mist
home in the North, and of the fire-home
in the South; of the first human being.
Burl, and of the father of gods and men,
Odin, and. of the ice giants— implacable
enemies to both gods and men. The gods
and their abodes are discussed; the queens
of Asgard; Lokl and his brood; the
giants and dwarfs; the adventures of
Thor, etc.
MAGAZINES
The Forum has a very interesting
article on "The Little Kingdom of the
President." as Senator Toe-alls called it.
The faults and good points of the gov
ernment of the District ol Columbia are
pointed out. The author quotes General
Beale, who said: "It is better to trust
the ability of the people to govern them
selves than to retain a form of govern
ment which causes a great and growing
population to lose their self-respect and
engenders a feeling of discontent and
degradation because they are not admit
ted to the equal rights of the citizens of
their country." "Congress hears these
arguments, on the one hand,' says Henry
Litchfleld West, "and then listens, on the
other, to the appeal of the people to be
spared from a repetition of the scenes
which converted Washington on election
day into a veritable "devil's caldron.'
Above all Congress is told that the bal
ance of power would be held by the
negro class. This, indeed, is getting very
near to the root of the whole matter.
• • • And yet is it not strange that the
capital of a great republic like the United
to the order at the request of the mem
bership of Ottittiewa Tribe.
Past Great Sachem Charles E. Spencer
has organized a company that is bound
| for the Yukon to search for a mountain
j of g-old that was described by a man who
j years ago died in Sacramento, and for a
i number of years was in the employ of the
1 Hudson Bay Company.
The movement for the celebration on
the Fourth of July is meeting with much
encouragement. Already fifty-eight vol
unteers to form the mounted brigade of
j chiefs and warriors have enrolled their
! names. The desire is to secure one hun
i dred.
THE JUNIORS.
Under the auspices of Redlands Coun
cil a new council of the Daughters of
Liberty was recently instituted at Red
lands. It has been named Dewey and
has a aharter membership of twenty-two.
Miss J. M. Sissions is the councilor and
Miss L. M. Gillen is the recording sec
retary.
Dell B. Bowley of this State, one of
the officers of the National Council, was
married last week at the residence of
Dr. and Mrs. Williamson to Miss Mary
WHIST
Whist Matters Under Discussion.
The author of "Whist of the Future." Colonel
B. Lowsley of Southsr-a. England, sends us , a
very Interesting communication:
To the Whist Editor of The San Francisco
Call— Sir: There are points of Interest, raised in
the whist article of your Issue dated April 24,
1898, regarding which you will perhaps allow
me space for remarks: __ 
.First— The problem which you give from my
work. , "Whist of the Future," was invented
by W. H. Wltfcld, M. A., of Cambridge Uni
versity. Although the solution In my book is a
correct one, I have since formulated, the follow
ing .which is neater, viz.:
Trick No. I— S leads ace of clubs.
Trick No. 2 — S trails ac« of hearts and N dis
cards a diamond.
Trick No. 3— S letJs small heart and N ruffs.
Tricks 4, 5 and 6— N leads the three remain-
Ing spedes. and then N and S make the two
last tricks with club/diamond or heart, accoru
ing as W and £ have discarded.
Second— ln speaking of the lead from king,
queen and small, you say:, "I don't suppose
there Is a whist authority In existence In book
form ■ but what tells . you to ; lead ' the king.'
Kindly refer to pages 86 and 87 of "Whist of
the Future," and you: will find that the views
there given coincide with those you have ad
vanced in your article. •
Third— As regards lead of a small card from
a suit of ace with four small, the issue in this
case wholly depends on whether you propose to
give your i partner a ruffing chance, or whether
you specially, seek to . make establishment of
the salt and to bring in your small long cards."
If ■ you expect to ■ give . yoifr . partner chance for
ruff, it Is manifest that ; you should lead your
ace and then follow with a small card so as to
get two rounds promptly: but • if you : rely .on
long suit bringing in, it Is best to lead a small
card first, and. so to retain the ace for the sec
ond I round as ; enabling you to clear the suit
more advantageously and completely. ■
-v Fourth — : proposal '. as ; regards a "Time
Bell" reads strangely. to us on this side of the
Atlantic; no English ■ player would keep other
members of the table waiting long enough for
the "Time Bell" ■ to.be started. In "Whist of
the Future." at ; pages 49 and 146. I have pro
posed-that.-the limit of delay by any player
should be ten seconds. In the international
whist tournaments, ; which I heartily hope may
be arranged. . It Is possible that the time for
play of a card. may be extended to fifteen sec
onds, but if more than that he allowed the man
who delays ; becomes •a .- nuisance ,to : the other
members of the table. : - ■ :.".
; Fi th— You ; mention : that '• Mr. Barney is en
gaged ■In ' inventing . such : a shuffling . and d,eal-
Ing ' machine perhaps . as , that j I have referred
to at page 159 of "Whist of the Future." Cer
tainly ■he would thereby confer a great benefit
on ! whist i committees ; of ; all countries. If the
dealing machine might also contain a simple
arrangement 1 for ? stamping each card in order
as it is delivered with the letter N. E. S or \%
on the back of It. there could be.no possibility
of the cards becoming: confused or mixed for
overplay, and they , might ■ even be played ■; to
the center of ; the table without detriment to
future • Identification of k the hands. The • pack
would not • thereby '■ be spoiled ; for future use,
because different types of the letters N E S and
W could be subsequently used for stamping. I
am, sir. yours, etc. .;: B. LOWSLEY.
Whist Players on to Boston. .*■'
,The eighth congress of the American : Whist
League will be i held at <' the : Hotel \ Vendome,
Boston. July ;11 to ;16 inclusive. This I meeting
will :. undoubtedly 'be the largest ' congregation
of whist players ever held in the United States.
The; plan of play adopted , for \ this meet con
templates sixteen general contests. ~Z; '<,-"..■: .
First— The Hamilton Club trophy. -_
- . Second — The Minneapolis trophy. : .
Third— American Whist League trophy.
Fourth— Brooklyn trophy. : -
■• Fifth, - sixth • and ■ seventh— Three ;, progressive
xaafccbeji £«; teams ot i&uj; u&Oej; tbxe^ dlffexeat
States should be an object lesson of suc
cessful government by autocratic and
oligarchical methods? Is it not remark
able that 300,000 citizens should rest con
tent under conditions which elsewhera
would be condemned as unamerican and
unrepublican? • • • Here, indeed. W q
find an ideal government. Should we,
however, carry its principles to their log
ical conclusion and adapt them to the en
tire country the result must startla all
thinking men, for the people of th«
United States are fostering, at the very
heart of the republic. Ideas, which, exem
plified in a nation instead of a commu
nity, would lead inevitably to the estab
lishment of a monarch upon the throne."
According to the Atlantic, "Newspapers
conducted by lost souls that make mer
chandise of all things that inflame men'g
worst passions, a Congress with no at
tractive political programme for the next
election, and a spirit of unrest among
those classes of the people who had not
wholly recovered from the riot In falsa
hones that Inspired the motley following
of Mr. Bryan in IS96— these and mora
made their contributions to the rapidly
rising excitement."
But all these together could not hava
driven us to war if we had not been will
ing to be driven. In addition to the war
topics there is an animated, altogether
delightful sketch of Montana life in this
number.
The Overland Monthly has a particu
larly interesting article on Manila and the
Philippines by Arthur Tappan Marvin.
It is admirably illustrated and gives a
good, many-sided view of the peculiari
ties and possibilities of the islands. Tha
Overland announces that with the July
number it will celebrate its thirtieth
birthday. It reprints Bret Harte's an
nouncement, publisned in IR6S, with its
glorification of San Francisco, Oakland—.
anu Virginia City!
David Starr Jordan writes in the June
Land of Sunshine about the "Ideals of
Stanford." Like everything Jordan
writes, it is marked by individuality and
moral earnestness, and with that special
capacity to lift out of the commonplace
every subject his pen touches.
The Trans-Mlsslssipppl and Internation
al Exposition, excellently Illustrated, is
Godey's leading article for June.
Frank Leslie's tells of torpedoes an<S
torpedo boats.
Volume XXXI of Outing, from October
to March. 1898, has been Issued.
The Review of Reviews makes a strik
ing assemblage of cartoons, iaustratinz
the war question. The reproductions or
Spanish. Cuban and Mexican cartoons ara
especially Interesting. Winston Churchill
the author of "The Celebrity," tells th<*
story of our new hero's, Dewey's, bny
hood in Vermont and his schooling at
Annapolis, of which Churchill himself la
a graduate.
Senator John T. Morgan, the apostle of
annexation, contributes the leading arti
cle to the North American Review this
month. Any one who knows Senator
Morgan's strong prepossession toward ex
tension of territory can imagine the an
swer he gives to his own query,"What
Shall We Do With the Conquered Isl
ands?"
The complete novel in this month's is
sue of the Lippincott's is "Mere Folly,"
by Maria Louise Pool, whose recent death
has been regretfully chronicled.
Richard Le Gallienne's poetic estimate
of Gladstone is published in Collier's
Weekly. He was —
A man that meant a nation, whose strong
word
Swayed the weak will of peoples and was
heard
Like a god's voles decreeing, whose strong
hand
Caught the stem reins of empire in command,
.And plotted for the good of humankind
Ah some men scheme its evil.
The Cosmopolitan prints a number of
clever short stories which tell of love and
war. Charles Tripler's experiments with
liquid air and the curiously interesting
pictures of the process. General 'J-reely's
doleful story of military expeditions to
tropical countries anl the alleged autobio
graphy of Napoleon make this month's
number an unusually good one.
Kenyon Cox has designed a special cov
er for the special war number of Mc-
Clure's this month. Both General Miles
and General Lee are contributors, and
Henry Newbolt's War Hymn Is a feature.
Gould. He will soon start for the East
with his bride, and while there will at
tend a Bession of the National Council,
which is to open at Louisville, Ky., on tho
21st inst. At that session there will ba',
brought up a number of important mat- W
ters. one will be the future care of the or
phans' home, another a change in • the
ritual, and a third the saloon question aa
applied to the membership.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
T.nyal Circle of the Companions of tha
Forest. A. O. F.. has elected the following
officers for the ensuing term: Mrs. Annie
Senne. C. Cj Mrs. May Bostrom S C :
F. W. Gentle. T. ; Mrs. Florence N. Mor
row, F. S. • Mrs. A. E. Oorwin, R. S. ;
Mrs. M. Morrison, R. G. ; Mrs. M. O.
Tackley. L. G. : Mrs. Annie Crowal, I. G.;
Mrs. Mary Large, O. G. ; Mrs. Hocking,
organist
ien Circle has re-elected all its of
ficers except the outer guard. Miss Beek
rr.an was elected to fill that position.
The following official visits have been
announced: .Tuni=> 21. to Golden Circle;
June 22. to Artimes; June 24. to Oak Leaf
Cir< !• . South San Francisco; and June 28,
to Washington Circle.
systems of play. Mitchell, Clay and Howell.
Eighth to fourteenth Inclusive— Seven pro
gressive pair matches— four under the Mitchell,
i two under the Howell and one under the Saf-
Cord system.
Fifteenth— A pair match for the winning pair
I In the progressive matches.
Sixteenth— 'Progressive straight whist.
Walter H. Barney, ex-presldent of the Ameri
i can Whist League, will have the entire charge
I of thli congress from A to z, and this 1b \
I sufficient guarantee that the interest of every
I one will be fully looked after. Mr. Barney is
a gentleman of rare executive ability, and
I will have everything at his fingers' ends and
i will make the eighth congress a great sue-
A Royal Whist Treat.
Major-General A. W. Drayson of Southsea,
England, for fifteen years professor of astron
omy at Woolwich, is about to give the whist
world a new work on the game. Many of our
whist readers know that we have from time to
time said a great many good things about this
great master, writer and expert whist player,
and those who have read his great work. "Un
trodden Ground in Astronomy," published by
Keagan, Paul & Co., London, will bear me out
in saying he is one of the greatest solentiflo
writers living. We know from what we have
received that the general's new whist book will
be Intensely interesting and anxiously looked
for by his many warm friends on this Bids oj
the new world.
This work is now in the hands of the pub
lishers. It will contain nineteen chapters, as
follows:
Chapter 1— Why study whist? Chapter 2—
Modern developments. Chapter 3- -Should youn*
people learn whist? Chapter 4— What is in
tellectual whlFt? Chapter s— Studying doubla
dummy. Chapter 6— Unteachable whlsters.
Chapter 7— Stupidity. Chapter S— Whist eti
quette. Chapter 9— Etiquette continued. Chap
ter 10— Examples of mental feebleness. Chapter
11— Inappropriate terms. Chapter 12— Examples
Chapter IS— The partner. Chapter 14— Signals."
Chapter 15— Whist as a means of cultivating
reason. Chapter lfv-On giving Information
Chapter 17— Strangers as partners. Chapter 1*
—Memory and reason and the discard. Chapter
19— Opinions as to obtaining success at whist,
and a record of twenty years' play.
Milwaukee Downs Chicago at Whist.
The Milwaukee Whist ■ Club sent Its crack
team to Chicago a few days ago to back up a
challenge , sent In for the ~ American . Whist
League trophy, and returned home with Chi
cago's scalp dangling from its belt.
The team that won this victory was headed
by that prince of good fellows, Cassius M.
Paine, editor of "Whist." He took along with
him H. B. Kander, E. G. Com stock «d*C B
\vilson. '
Their Chicago : opponents were J H Wnrvi
H. M. Parry. W. R. Wilson and W. E Trainer'
The; game consisted of forty-eight deals and
was played 'at the Auditorium Hotel. At the
end •of the first eight deals Chicago was ..ne
jnek in the lead: at the ! twenty-fourth they
were four tricks in the van; then Cass Paine' ■
team, on the next -•. eight deals, gained five
tricks, which lead they maintained to the fin
ish, winning by one trick.
Whistlets.
■;: The. Czar, of Russia is ' a master of "Lera
lache," or Russian whist. This style of whist
is L the name as the American game,' with this
exception — are no trumps.
• The , new preliminary code of laws governing .
duplicate whist. will appear in June Whist.
' Z. K. Myers, one of the founders of the Trist "
Duplicate Whist Club, sails on the Moana
June 15 for a few. weeks' stay at his old home
In ; Honolulu. Mr. Myers' many warm friends
in ; San Francisco will wish him "bon voyage"
and safe return.- ■■' . . . • ■ :■-■
:■: Professor C. H. Howard and J. H. Lewis woo
the prizes In the pair match recently held la
tao_^lss Duplicate wtis^lub^ . - - - ..■
T.DAh'IELr^WLtY.
ELtAfiOk COktY
EVELYN ANbRcVS. i
r/\fSCnON CAMPbELL.
_ ALFRED HiCNMAN. I
IF the greatest of Frenchmen, who
understood so well the value of a
dramatic situation off the stage,
could take a glimpse of San Fran
cisco's theatrical situation Just now
he would probably repeat his cele
brated motto to the effect that there
Is no Indispensable man, or manager.
But Just now San Francisco, though
It may not admit his necessity, Is very
glad of Mr. Frawley's existence. The
historians who claim that the Oppor
tunity will surely produce the man will
assure you that if Frawley had not ar
rived some one else would. But the
fact remains that Frawley seized the
opportunity to establish a western
stock company and built up Its west
ern reputution. He had the courage
to try, where so many before him had
failed. He had the good fortune, and
the merit, to succeed. And success is
the most irresistible of virtues.
Since Its modest beginning some years
ago every step of the Frawley Com
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME OF
THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES I
TO-MORUOW NIGHT,
Mr-Lewis
Morrison
In His Original Creation.
COUNT DE MORNAY.
A. CELEBKATED CASE
Presented With Special Scenery, Costly Cos-
tumes and the Best Cast Ever Given "
This Famous Play.
™ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
fIOATS BY 'PHONE. MAIN 261.
THEODORE fcOfeEWS
pany has been a step upward. It has
still far to go. And Just how far it
will go depends upon its manager,
mainly.
The Century for June publishes two
articles on Augustin Daly and his com
pany, in which J. Ranken Towse tells
what qualities are necessary to the ar
tistic success of a theatrical manger.
"The ideal manager must not only
be a judge of good acting, and a thor
ough master of the principles that gov
ern it, but must also be capable of de
tecting and developing ability in begin
ners, und of exercising direction and
control in the case of players of wider
experience. He must, of course, be ac
quainted fully with all the possibilities
MAUD WINTER.
' of stage representation, and have suffl
i cient literary judgment to be able to
j recognize good play in manuscript
| form. More than this, he must be well
informed concerning the best authori
j ties on matters of architecture, orna
; mentation, furniture and costume, and
I on the artistic use of light and color in
j stage pictures. He must, In short, be
I the possessor of a vast fund of general
I and special Information, as well as of
; great executive ability and tact. How
j many of our 'managers' are there who
j can boast of all or of any of those qual
iflcations?"
To which question Mr. Towse fur
nishes his own answer. In the whole
country', he says, there are not more
than three, and Mr. Daly stands at the
head of the list.
Mr. Frawley Is not a Daly. If he
were he would not be Identified with
DAILY PERILS AGAINST LIFE
ON A TORPEDO-BOAT
A person who has never made a trip on one of the torpedo-boats
cannot realize the imminent and ever-present risks against life
that continually threaten the brave men that make up the crew.
The following story gives a faint idea of the dangers.
LIFE on a torpedo boat Is with- I
out doubt the most thankless \
task a sailor can have allotted
to him, for It is a life of Intense '■
misery, alternating with risk of \
death. In the first place, a torpedo i
boat Is constructed on lines totally dif
ferent to any other seagoing cratt. :
For the sake of Bpeed almost every
other warlike and seagoing essential is ;
suppressed. All the parts are made so i
light that they are marvels of work- \
manship. The frames are as frail as
they dare be made. The skin Is skin,
indeed, of the thinnest steel. The lon
gitudinals are mere strips of metal. So
delicate, in fact, is the construction
that a bump even into a floating 6par ;
will twist the bow back on Itself, and j
to brush against, say, the spile of a I
dock would twist the body out of shape
as easily as one might crumple a piece
of stiff paper in the hand. Not infre
quently the space below is so low that
men under the usual height have to be
chosen. On some a man six feet high
could only stand erect in his quarters
by letting his head go up through the
hatchway!
The first six or eight feet behind the
knife-edged bow is given up to a col
lision bulkhead and is not unlike a
| magnified hollow-ground razor. The
space is much too narrow to be used
for anything. Next comes the torpedo
room, then the men's quarters, and the
eighteen or twenty men are literally
packed like sardines. Next come the
boilers and the engine room, occupying
the entire waist of the vessel and part
.of the afterbody. There Is not an inch
' of waste space and the heat is such that
the men who have to keep the fiery
maws aglow with all the fuel they can
i eat must be able to stand fire with
i nearly as much Immunity as do sala-
I manders. In the engine room the en
gineer and his assistants, like the stok
j ers, are stripped to the waist, rivulets
j of sweat roll down their bodies, and
woe betide them if anything breaks,
I as often happens, or a fireman misses
I his footing, which unfortunately hap-
I pens, too, sometimes. Abaft the engine
AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
Evening Prices — 25c and 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Last Two . Performances of . ■ ~- ' '".' •
"THE COTTON . KING."
COMMENCING MONDAY, JUNE 18,
" Fourth Week of ■ •
.'.'. GEORGE P. ' WEBSTER .'.'.
In the Gorgeous Arctic ' Drama,
"Under the Polar Star."
By CLAY M. GREENE. ESQ.
The Latest Great New York Success.
Afloat en a Sea of Ice.
Burning: of "The Polar Star."
Old Glory at the North Pole I
Crushed by Towering Icebergs.
BALDWIN THEATER.
REVIVAL— Exactly as given , at Oberam-
men?au,the novelty of the age, "THE PAS-
SION PLAY." Every afternoon at 3 and night
at 8:30, Sunday Included. Seats 25c.
ni VMPIA I Corner of Mtion u\i
ULIJTIfIA i Edd* s , r ., tk ,
A Great New Bill. THE BIOGRAPH, New
War Scenes; the GREAT DE HOE, LA ROY
SISTERS, ENYVELL, , MAUDE ROCKWELL.
LA MONT, WILLIAMS, GAMBOL. Great
Show. Admission Free.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
JOtinT.feUkKE..
the stage In San Francisco. There
would be many larger and more impor
tant cities bidding for his talents. But
he has energy, perseverance and ambi
tion, and although it is unlikely that he
—or any one else, for that matter— will
reach the ideal standard, San Fran
clbco owes him support and will give it
to him, for the simple reason that in
so doing she benefits herself.
What a San Francisco manager
needs is an independent point of
view, and a conviction that the
West is as well able as the East to
furnish dramatic ability. "A real
stock company is the only school of act
ing worthy of the name." In course of
time the presence of Frawley's com-
SAM E.DWAkD>S. (
' pany will naturally be an Incentive to
'■■ and an attraction for young local act
ors, who now take Horace Greeley's ad
| vice reversed— as most things are in
| stageland, and go East.
For San Francisco's sake as well as
' for his own Mr. Frawley should aim
high. He should not be content merely
1 with financial success; which, of course,
; was the first thing to be considered
' when he formed his first company and
■ came down to San Francisco prepared
■■ for a Waterloo, but prepared also to
: battle against theatrical annihilation.
! He is in a position to cut the Gordian
j knot of our stage difficulties, due to
i Isolation on the lonesome edge of the
| continent. With a little enterprise he
I could bring out to us the star and her
leading man, or the star and his lead-
Ing lady, and use his own company to
I support them; and in this way he
room are two small compartments with
four bunks In each. These form, the
wardroom, cabin, messrc-om and state
room of the officers.
An Imaginative person might per
haps be able to see in his mind's eye
what discomforts attend life on board
a torpedo craft when she Is quiet, but
it is difficult to conceive how much
these restricted surroundings are ag
gravated when the torpedo-boat goes
tearing through the water. Every
thing then is set to vibrating and
trembling, as though a great earth
quake had the boat and her crew at its
mercy. It requires long experience to
become habituated to the rocking and
shaking. Writing is out of the ques
tion. Reading ia almost impossible,
and It 1b not easy even to eat and
drink. Add to this the odor of oil, the
smell of steam, the heat and the wet,
and only the stoutest hearts can en
dure it. Rest and sleep are quite im
possible and the crews have to be
changed every three or four days for
recuperation.
The risks, too, are enormous. To
launch her torpedo with any hope of Its
fulfilling its mission the vessel has to
come within 500 yards of its Intended
victim. She is consequently well with
in the range of the machine guns of
the gunboat for at least 900 yards.
Rushing up at the rate of twenty-four
knots an hour she would cover the 900
yards of danger space in about sixty
six seconds. Then she has to fire, turn
and return once more over the dan
gerous 900 yards. Altogether she is in
imminent danger for about two min
utes and a half. It does not seem
long, but when it la remembered that
the rate of fire of the machine guns is
1000 shots per minute, one sees better
what a thrilling two minutes and a
half It Is. The little torpedo-boat Is
exposed to about 2500 shots, and If only
1 per cent struck their mark she would
be hit twenty-five times.
No range- finders or eplder-web
sights are used to draw a torpedo bead
on a hostile warship from the deck of
a torpedo-boat. The Blghtlng Is done
with the eye of Judgment and exper
ience, gained from practice. It Is an
exaggerated case of wing shooting, for
when the torpedo Is launched the boat
is traveling rapidly, and the ensign,
hanging over the off side of the boat,
AMUSEMENTS.
...COLUMBIA...
THEATER.
Beginning MONDAY NIGHT, JUNE 13,
a^Sr^BS^SS^^ 1 ! UNEQUALED IN THIS COUNTRY,
FIRST WEEK-MATINEE SATURDAY, .
, : AUQL'STIN DALY'S LATEST COMEDY SUCCESS,
"NUMBER NINE!"
Or "THE LADY OF OSTEND."
Prom the German of Blumenthal & Kadelbure, authors of "The Two Escutcheons,"
"An International Match." "The Great Unknown," Etc.
JUNE 20......................... ...8R0N50N HOWARD'S "ARISTOCRACY."
!;DWArXD.M,fcELLb, I
would overcome the old difficulty of
expensive transportation for a large '
company.
At any rate It Is to be hoped that Mr. ;
Frawley will take advantage of his |
popularity — for he and his company j
have a place in the theatrical affections
of San Francisco which few managers j
have known how to conquer— to teach
people here what good stage work is
and to raise standards Instead of ca
tering to cheaper taste. That he has
ideals, no one can doubt. There is no
| reason why they shouldn't be. realized.
! And above all, he is really a Moses —
our only one — who may lead us out of
a theatrical wilderness.
Jhe Golumbia.
It is a new Frawley company that
makes Us debut as an organization to
morrow night at the Columbia, though
members of it have been seen here with
various companies. Madeleine Bouton,
who retained her own name when she left
Reno, Nov., to go upon the stage, was
here with A. M. Palmer's company that
Included Julia Arthur, Wilton Lackaye,
and others. She is most favorably known
in the East through her creation of the
title role in "The Tarrytown Widow,"
which will be presented here later by the
Frawley company. She has played all
sorts of roles, from Letty Fletcher in
"Saints and Sinners" to Myra Brimstone in
"The Globe Trotter." Edward M. Bell
was here last with the same Palmer com
pany Miss Bouton played with. During
the last season he has appeared in New
York in a variety of parts, ranging from
Marshal Lefebvre in "Madame Sans
Gene" to Alfred Hastings in "All the
Comforts of Home." Theodore Roberts
played the Indian chief when "The Girl I
Left Behind Me" was here. He was the
villain in "The Heart of Maryland," when
Mrs. Carter produced Belasoo'a very suc
cessful plaY here. Cora Tinnie San Fran
cisco met in Hoyt's "Trip to Chinatown."
Maude Winter, the ingenue, is an Oak
land girt, who made her debut with the
Coghlan-Dix^y-Barrymore combination at
tho Columbia a few years ago. Eleanor
Carey was with Richard Mansfield's com
pany on their last visit to this coast. Fan
cho'n Campbell was out here with Neil
Burgess' "County Fair," and she played
Flavla in the Frohmans' production of
"The Prisoner of Zenda" in the East.
Sam Edwards is comedian in chief, and
Fred Williams, who is the father of his
famous son, and who was Frohman'a
stage manager for many years, will direct
the Frawley performances.
Misses Carey, Bouton, Campbell and
Winter and Messrs. Bell. Frawley, Ed
wards, Roberts. Burke and Conger will
appear to-morrow night in "Number
Nine, or the Lady of Ostend."
The /\!cazar.
Lewis Morrison will prolong his en
gagement, which has proven most suc
cessful, at the Alcazar. To-morrow night
sights his big prey much as a duck
hunter brings his shotgun to bear on a
winging mallard.
When a torpedo-boat goes Into action
everybody Is ordered balow except the
man at the torpedo-tube and the ex
ecutive officer, who "sights" the self
moving missile. The engine Is spin
ning the propeller-wheel around 450
times a minute. Not a light Is seen
on the boat, and It drives straight
through the night toward the black
shape which sweeps the water with
luminous fingers of the electric search
light, feeling for Just such deadly pests
as a torpedo-boat. The little craft
has no puffing steam to betray It, for
every bit of steam goes to the conden
ser, to return as water to the tremb
ling boilers.
An impression Is abroad that a tor
pedo is shot under water. The fact is
the torpedo is ejected from a tube
which is mounted on a standard bolted
to the deck. The tube may be swung
around, and has a vertical motion, so
that the Inclination may be varied. The
torpedo is ejected by a charge of four
ounces of black powder, Just enough to
throw the automobile projectile Into
the water. When once in the sea the
torpedo's own propeller drives It to the
mark at the rate of 20 knots— nearly 34
miles — an hour.
While the principal object In "firing"
a torpedo is to blow up a hostile ship,
it Is equally Important to prevent the
torpedo exploding near the torpedo
boat, so the firing mechanism per
forms a double service. It keeps the
torpedo a harmless shell until it is at
least 75 yards from the launching point,
and it explodes the guncotton when the
war nose rubs up against the bottom
of the enemy's ship. The device which
does this Is regulated by a small four
bladed screw fan on the extreme bow
point of the war nose. When the pre
scribed distance is covered the mechan
ism driven by the screw fan sets the
"firing pin" In a position to strike the
detonating cap of the primer case when
the torpedo comes in contact with the
target.
The true value of the torpedo boat In
naval operations has to be yet recog
nized. So far In our present war it has
not played ;in important part, and it is
possible that the future will relegate
its greater usefulness to coast and har
bor defenses. Still, it is even now in
naval warfare a formidable foe. The
blazing searchlights that a threatened
ship turns on the surrounding water
are not sufficient to avert attack; the
netting with which vessels are sur
rounded is easily cut in twain by the
nippers or scissors attached to the tor
pedo, and a vessel assailed by torpedo
boats is pretty certain to succumb, al
though it is certain to Rink several of
its assailants in the struggle.
An example of the efficacy of the tor
pedo boat may be found In the blowing
up about four years ago of the famous
AMUSEMENTS.
I TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
1 CLAY CLEMEHT in "The New Dominion"
FRAWLEY TO THE RESCUE.
he will produce "A Celebrated Case." the
thrilling drama in which he created the
character of the Count de Mornay. The
story hinges upon the accusation of the
father. Jean Renaud, by his Infant
daughter of the crime of murdering her
mother while on a stolen leave of ab
sence from the army to see his wife and
child.
It concludes with the meeting of the
father and daughter twelve years later,
he as the galley slave and she as the
adopted daughter of the Duchess d'Au
beterre, when Renaud's innocence is es
tablished and the real criminal discov
ered.
"The National Defender," a strong pa
triotic play depicting scenes and inci
dents In the present war with Spain, will
follow "A Celebrated Case."
jKe Tiv>oli.
"An American Hero," with its patriotic
songs, stirring music, elaborate costumes
and good cast, has made a success at the
TivoU Opera House. Edwin Stevens and
Edith Hall are the life of the opera.
Frank McGlynn is the pompous Major
MacFarlane, Louis Royce's voice is a
very good one. and Helen Merrill makes
the prayer to Saint Anne a pretty and an
attractive picture. It is one of the best
productions the Tivoll has ever given.
"AH Baba," a new burlesque on an old
theme, follows.
J^lorosco's Qrar\d Opera House.
"Under the Polar Star," Clay M.
Greene's spectacular drama of an expe
dition to the north pole, is to be the at
traction at Morosoo's next week, with
George P. Webster the star In the char-
acter part of Dr. Rabon, an amusing
and volatile French scientist. Silas Rod
man, a Boston millionaire, has fitted out
an expedition to discover the north pole.
In the far northern latitudes the steamer
Is seen approaching the Icebergs, which
finally crash upon and surround her,
where she remains firmly Imbedded for
two years. Throughout the two preced
ing acts tho romance and Intrigue of the
play have been unfolded. Helen Blame,
fearing danger lor her betrothed, ships
with the expedition, disguised as a col
ored cabin boy.
The third act witnesses the desertion of
the officers by the crew, incited to mutiny
by the villain. A realistic conflagration
scene shows the party perishing amid the
flames of the burning vessel, which Bran
don has fired. The fourth act Is a weird
scenic spectacle. The entire stage is
transformed into a sea of floating ice, the
party being seen upon the moving floes.
Dr. Rabo.n discovers that they are in 90
degrees of latitude, passing directly over
the north pole, and at that point the
weak and famished adventurers fling Old
Glory's folds to the Arctic brcr-zf.
Crunching, grinding sounds are heard, the
floe is rent asunder, and as the party are
rapidly drilling apart, their despair is
transformed to joy by the arrival of a
rescuing party in a steam launch. The
villain, in the face of death, having
signed a confession exonerating the hero,
the story happily ends, Helen confessing
her love for him.
Jhe Orpheum.
Miss Fanny Wentworth, direct from
London, is one of the new features at the
Orpheum for this week. She is a pianist
of renown and will appear at the Orphe
um in an act which she calls "An Up-to-
Date at Home," which is interspersed
with piano recitals, songs and character
Impersonations. She is very clever and
comes with the most flattering English
press notices. Carlin and Clark are the
new comedy features. They are German
! Chilean battle-ship Blanco Encalada,
which was guarded by every known
protection, but was blown to fragments
during the night by the fourth torpedo,
three having missed fire.
Torpedo boat destroyers, however, are
very much more effective than the tor
pedo boats — which, by the way, the
British Government has for six years
ceased to build. For one thing, being
j larger than the torpedo boat, the de
j stroyer can attain a higher speed.
! Then, again, It carries torpedoes and
j does all the work of the torpedo boat;
■ and, In addition, being armed with
! heavy guns, it can overtake and de
i stroy the enemy's torpedo craft.
Skobeleff understood his men and
considered that their courage throve
best in an atmosphere of dare-devil
gaiety, which he was always at great
i pains to create. Men actuated by strong
! religious principles, when they can be
got to fight, generally do it effectually,
with little or no fear apparent, but this
is In a measure owing to the fact that
there is not room In the human mind
! for more than one powerful emotion to
i operate at a time; fear cannot enter
because the demon of fighting has the
floor.
After all danger Is not bo much dis
concerting because it may result in pain
or death, as because it Is big with im
port and something unusual. Many a
man will display more trepidation on
| the day of his wedding than on the first
i occasion he is called upon to face dan-
I ger where there is no time for premedi
! tation. It may be true, as some one
! recently observed, that our brave fore-
I fathers went to battle with stouter
i hearts than we take to the dentist, but
| they went to battle two or three times
! a month and we to the dentist once a
quarter. Hotspur of the North— "he
that kills me some six or seven dozen
|of Scots at a breakfast, washes his
| hands and says to his wife: 'Fie upon
! this quiet life! I want work' "—be
| longs to a type and an age in which
i cowardice was considered not only dls
• graceful but eccentric.
Johnson frankly admitted that he
feared death and what comes after,
I though he was a virtuous man and
I physically courageous. Villon specially
i and pathetically dreaded the gallows,
j and reasonably, considering his habits;
| whereas Gordon Pasha feared the
' Mahdl less than he did a dinner party,
j for which he appears to have had an
i almost malignant antipathy.
A gang of thieves organized to prey
upon thieves has been discovered in
Paris. Their plan was to watch for
shoplifters in the department stores
like the Louvre and the Bon Marche, to
follow them home, and then enter un
der pretense of being police inspectors
to search the apartments for stolen
goods, which they carry off, with no
fear of complaint being made.
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY fSUNDAY), JUNE 12.
Parquet, Any Seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c, Any Part.
Week Commencing Monday, June 13— FANNY
WENTWORTH, London Society Entertainer;
CARLIN & CLARK, German Comedians; LA
VANS Acrobatic Comedy: EZRA KENDALL,
KATIE ROONEY, WILLS & LORETTO, AL-
BURTUB & BARTRUM. MUSICAL JOHN-
BONS Retained by Popular Demand— AL
LEACH and the THREE ROSEBUDS.
GRAND EXCURSION TO LOS GATOS
—ON—
JU3STE 17-, 1398,
-BY-
Bunker Hill Association, Sons of Vermont,
Sons of Amerioan Revolution and
California Pioneers.
Oration by HON. SAMUEL M. SHORTRIDOE.
FULL BAND OF MUSIC.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
8:30 a. m.
TICKETS $1, ROUND TRIP.
Children 50c. To be had at the Emporium
and at the depot on the morning of tht cele-
bration. Prizes awarded
MIRIAM MICHELSON. Dramatic Editor.
comedians. The Sa Vans, comedy acro
bats, return for one week. They promise
an entirely new act. This week will be
the last opportunity to see Ezra Kendall
in this city, for he returns direct to New
York to join Primrose & West's new
show. Katie Rooney, assisted by John
Harding, will appear in a new act, intro
ducing new songs and dances and new
impersonations. The Musical Johnstons
have a change of repertoire. Others on
tho bill are the La Mont family. Wills
and Loretto, with new songs and dances,
and Alburtus and Bartram, champion
club swingers. Matinees Wednesday, Sat
urday and Sunday.
Jhe Olympia.
The Biograph, with its thrilling war
scenes, is likely to become a permanent
feature at the Olympia Music Hall. Each
week new subjects of interest are put on
as the owners of the Biugraph have their
machines for taking the life scenes at
every point where United States troops
are to be found. The variety olio con
tains several strong specialty acts and
the bill is replete with songs, dances and
novelties. The Olympia Ladies' Orches
tra is also a feature. Matinee to-day.
The Chutes.
Henri Maurice Cannon, the overgrown
man from Switzerland, who weighs 613
pounds, has been the sensation at the
Chutes since last Sunday. He is as good-
natured and full of fun as he Is big, and
has made friends of his thousands of
visitors. He will continue to receive
every afternoon and evening for a short
season.
The bill for the Free Theater next week
includes Charles and May Stanley In
their sketch, "Mrs. O'Grady's Washday,"
Uno, the Arabian juggler; Webster, Bo
vino, Oro and Bell, and the strange
little barytone. Minnie Berlin. The ani- I
matoscope has some new views of Camp
Merritt. A large collection of snakes has
just been added to the zoo.
The Chutes is the only place of amuse
ment in San Francisco where soldiers are
admitted free, and as a consequence the
Halght-street grounds are crowded with
military men every afternoon and even
ing.
The Baldwin.
The "Passion Play" has been revived at
the Baldwin and is being presented every
afternoon and evening.
Jhc California.
The California will reopen Sunday, June
19, with "The Prodigal Fai.ier," a farce
comedy which has been here twice before
and was successful bo"th times.
Stage Qossi p.
"Aristocracy" will be the second play i
produced by the Frawley company at the
Columbia.
The elder Salvlni is playing "Saul" in ',
Rome, in which he made his first success
forty years ago.
"Trilby" continues to be hissed wher
ever it is played In Italy. Xo one under
stands it, neither public nor actors.
Clay Clement will give his final protray- j
al of Baron yon Hohenstanffen in "The
New Dominion" at the Columbia Theater
to-night.
Richard Mansfield has secured from
Messrs. Scribner exclusive righto In this
country for the dramatization of Steven
son's "St. Ives."
In the Frawley production of "Number
Nine" Theodore Roberts will be seen as
WAR IS BOOMING CALIFORNIA'S
QUICKSILVER MINES
Since the war was declared the Great Almaden quicksilver mines
of Spain have been gradually closing down. The price of the metal
has jumped, and the famous San Jose mines, next to the.largest in
the world, are reaping the full benefit.
MERCURY, or quicksilver, to
use the more common mercan
tile term, has been rising in
price, not rapidly but steadily,
since the outbreak of hostili-
ties between this country and
Spain, and its rise is due directly to
the war, although in a curious way.
Spain produces more quicksilver than
any other country in the world. Un
til three or four years ago thousands
of pounds were annually imported from
that country into the United States.
The next largest quicksilver yielding
mines are in California, and have been
worked for years, but while the metal
could be brought from Spain free of
duty the California product was not
able to compete largely with the for
eign. Since the Wilson tariff bill of
1894,--ut a duty of 7 cents a pound upon
quicksilver (a rate unchanged by the
Dingley tariff) practically all importa
tion has ceased, and consumers have
bought the California mercury. Hence
the apparent strangeness of the fact
that, although we import no quicksilver
from Spain, but produce our own,
nevertheless the war has sent up the
price of the article here Just as it has
in. Europe.
The fact is that the American prices
are ruled entirely by foreign prices, and
are kept at figures just below the cost l
of Importation. The great Spanish
quicksilver mines at Almaden are con
trolled by the Rothschilds, who are
said to have taken them some time ago
as security for the Spanish bonds which
they hold. Since the beginning of the
war they have raised the prices, be
cause of the riots in Spain and the gen
erally unsettled conditions among the
laboring classes.
Now, the California mines are also
controlled by one firm, the California
Quicksilver Agency — it does not like to
be called a "syndicate !" Immediately
on an advance in foreign prices this
California agency, ruling the American
product, raises its figures, correspond
ingly, and consumers have no choice
but to submit.
It is stated by competent authorities
that one central control of the Cali
fornia mines was made necessary by
the fact that under the old regime the
AMUSEMENTS.
tTvoli opera-houseT
Mrs.Eroestlne Krellng. Proprietor and Manager.
THIS EVENING,
—1776-1898—
THE PATRIOTIC OPERATIC SPECTACLE,
: AN
AMERICAN HERO!
A Perfect Production In . Every Detail. ■
"^ LOOK OUT FOR
"A.LII BAB A. !" £%'>'■
A New Burlesque on an Old Subject.
Popular Prices ...:.... ....25 and 600
No Telephone.
SUTRO_BATHS.
•"•' SUNDAY, June 12th. at 2:30 p. m.
SWIMmiISG RACES
Between the
BOYS lIS BLUE I
For Valuable Prizes.
Kansas, North Dakota, South Dakota, Mon-
tana and U. S. Signal Corps
.'•.'■ ■• will take part. '"''..
ADMISSION, 10c...... ....... ...CH1LDREN. So.
BASEBALL— RECREATION PARK,
: Eighth and Harrison Streets.
PACIFIC COAST : BASEBALL LEAGUE.
Championship Pacific Coast.
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M.
6ANTA CRUZ VS. OAKLAND,
i ■ Admission 25c. Ladles Free.
Toby Knockltt, a retired pugilist. Mr.
Roberts will make up to resemble James
J. Corbett.
Martha Morton Is writing a play for Sol
Smith Russell.
Mansfield will produce the French play
"Cyrano de Bergerac" this autumn In
New York.
T. Daniel Frawley has secured the
rights to some very clever curtain-rais
ers, among them being "A Woman's
Wonts" and "Po 1 White Trash."
In Lisbon during Duse"s engagement a
special newspaper was published in her
honor, called La Duse. It contained only
articles on herself, written by all the
most celebrated authors in Portugal, and
a marble tablet was placed in the theater
to record the date of her appearance
there.
Sydney Rosenfeld writes from Vienna to
the Dramatic Mirror: "I have this day
concluded an agreement with Mark
Twain, who is residing In Vienna, where
by he and I are to work conjointly on a
new comedy. He has to-day given me
the rough draft of the play as It h*3
emerged from his foundry. It will prob
ably be with this play that Mr. Sire and
I will begin operations together in a busi
ness way."
Jean de Reszke vowed when he left New
York that he never would sing purely
sentimental parts again, that he was done
with "Faust and "Rnmfo" for all time.
In his recent tour of Russia he produced
Wagner operas exclusively, none of which
was favored by the Czar's presence. But
when De Reszke's manager waited upon
the "Little Father" with an Invitation tho
Czar accepted, choosing for the first opera
"Faust" and for the second "Romeo and
Juliet."
James Hamilton Howe and Joseph 11.
Wlllard, who was concert master of tne
Philharmonic orchestra, have begun to
organize for next season. The orchestra
will include fifty or sixty Instruments.
A few preliminary rehearsals will be held
during the summer, the regular work be
ginning about August. Classical over
tures, easier symphonies, entr'actes, bal
let music, symphonic poems and pro
gramme music will be taken up for re
hearsal and for public rendition.
Ovide Musin, violinist and director of
the Superior Violin Class at the Royal
Conservatory of Music at Liege, Belgium,
will return to this country about the Ist
of August to open a violin school, which
will be conducted on the same principle
as the Liege Conservatory. This school
will be under the persohal direction of
Mr. Musin; he will be assisted by several
violinists of international reputation, all
graduates of the Liege Conservatory.
The attempt to abolish the "claque" at
the Vienna Opera-house, says the London
Chronicle, has been followed by some
lively times. An Instant result was that
each performer provided a band of pri
vate supporters. Not content with ap
plauding their employers, these hirelings
thought it necessary to hiss all rival
singers, and the auditorium became al
most as lively a place as the Reichsrath.
Accordingly, the administration posted up
a notice forbidding any applause what
ever.
From a preface to a volume of drawings
by Mme. Yvette Quilbert it appears that
she was born January 20, 18b8. but this
point is not insisted upon, the writer add
ing: "This requires investigation. It can
not give Yvette's age. Yvette has no age.
She has eternal youth." Yvette^'s mother
was an embroiderer of great merit. The
daughter was apprenticed to a working
dressmaker, but her natural bent for the
stage asserted itself and overcame man}'
obstacles. The apprentice dressmaker is
now a wealthy woman, with a fine house
in Paris and a chateau In the country,
and an American husband.
competition among the different mine
owners was ruinous, and the business
could not be carried on at a profit to
anybody.
Quicksilver, which is unique among
metals in being fluid at ordinary tem
peratures, is put up and shipped in
flasks, containing seventy-six and a
half pounds each. The price is now
59 cents a pound, or $43 50 a flask, when
in quantities of from twenty-five to a
hundred flasks. In larger lots, of over
a hundred flasks, it is $43 a flask. This
is about $3 higher than at the begin
ning of the war.
The respective quantities produced In
California and in Spain may be ascer
tained from a comparison of the fol
lowing figures: Last year California
produced 26,079 flasks, and in 1896 29,863
flasks.
Since practically all of the Spanish
quicksilver ~oes to London, the figures
of the imports there may be taken as
about the same as the output of the
Spanish mines. In the year which end
ed on October 31. 1897, there had been
sent to London from Spain 46.577 flasks,
and In the corresponding period of 1896,
40,999 flasks.
It will thus be seen that the Spanish
mines produce much more abundantly
than those in California. They are ap
parently Inexhaustible, for they are
supposed to have . been first worked
over two thousanQ five hundred years
ago, and still reveal rich masses of un
touched ore in their depths. They are
situated near the town of Almaden or
Almaden del Azogue (the mines of
quicksilver), in the south central part
of Snain, fif*- -five miles southwest of
the city of Ciudad Real, and about one
hundred and fifty miles northeast of
Cadiz.
According to Pliny, they were worked
in 700 B. C, and ••n his time sent an
nually 10,000 pounds of cinnabar (the
ore of mercury) to Rome. The mines
have now been excavated to a depth
of nearly a thousand feet below the
surface and the richness of the ore in
creases with each lower level.
The ten successive floors or le-vels
upon *-hich the mines are worked are
nearly a hundred feet apart. Masonry
and pillars of the ore itself are used as
supports for the roofs of the levels.
Forty per cent of the heat of an or
dinary fire goes up the chimney.
AMUSEMENTS.
HENRI MAURICE CANNON,
THE GREATEST GUN ON EARTH,
IS AT THE CHUTES
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
WONDERFUL ANIMALS IN THE ZOOI
MIRTH AND FUN ALL OVER
THE GROUNDS!
Great Show In the Free Theater*.
See the "DEPARTURE OF THE PEKING."
10c, Including £oo and Theater. Children, 6c;
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. SOLuiERS FREE.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now onen every Sunday during the season.
Music Dancing, Bcwllng, Boating, Fishln*
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city prices. Fare, round
trip. :Cc; Children, 15c; including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon "^erry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning:, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m.. 1. 8 and 5 p. m.
WiiUfCUTSLSO ivTiar
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
81lver unchanged.
Bank clearings gain aa usual.
Wheat futures dull.
Oats and Corn lower.
Hay easy. Feedstuffs firm.
Southern Bean crop a total failure.
Potatoes and Onions lower.
Butter and Cheese weak. Eggs advanoed.
Peaches coming In very poor.
Cherries still glut the market.
Berries higher.
CUros fruits dull.
Good city demand for Provision*.
Hides and Tallow advanced.
Wool and Hops dull.
Hogs firm and wanted.
Decreased coinage of the mint*.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $14,
619,057. against $13,185,129 for the same week
in 1897.
CANNED FRTTIT AND SALMON.
The market for salmon has been somewhat
dull during: the week, but prices are steadily
maintained, says the London Grocers' Ga- ;
zette. One pound flat tins are In good request,
and are rather firmer In price. Nothing has
yet been done with regard to dealing In new I
season's pack, but reports from the other side
of the Fraser River are making: good sales of I
sockeye salmon for the States. Callfornlan i
fruits continue very firm' In price, and are ,
wanted, supplies being: very meager Indeed.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion May Si were as follows:
1897. 1898.
Gold $ 87.387.529 $ 36.683.20* :
Silver 362,708,808 391.225,265 !
Treasury notes 86,641.406 100,226,866
Totals 1458,798.043 $527,355,329
No gold certificate* have been Issued since I
April. 1895. During the twelve months ending
May 31, 1898, there was an Increase of $28.
4'M57 in silver certificates and $13,585,449 in
treasury notes.
THE GOVERNMENT BALANCE SHEET.
For the first eleven months of the fiscal year i
the receipts of the Government compare as I
follows:
1896-97. 1597-98.
Customs 756,241 $135,263.?65
Internal revenue 133.354, 153,259,674
Miscellaneous 22.489.601 82.475.224 i
Totals ■. $310,600,020 $371,001,768 ;
The expenditures for the same Interval com- i
pare as follows:
1596-97. 1897-»».
Civil $ 85.037,251 $ 90.352.675
War 46,061.226 72,233,997 ;
Navy 30,992.765 49 342 742
Indians 1Z124.3"? " 10.533.15 i)
Pensions 131,013,936 136.382.920
Interest 34,643,655 • 36,692.622
Totals $342,873,142 $395,523,106 i
THE NATIONAL CASH BOX.
United States Treasurer Roberts reports the
amounts of money on hand at the close of May
a? follows:
Gold coin $110,702,400'
Gold bullion '. 96.998,864 I
Silver dollars 403,583,999 |
Minor coin ; 12,044.089
Silver bullion 95.443.962 :
Total specie $721,773,304
United States notes 66,478.029
Treasury notes of ISM 1.754.425
Gold certificates 1.602,940
Silver certificates 6,507.239.
Currency certificates 60,000
National bank notes 086, 734 I
Minor coin, etc 1,401, 6D5 '
Deposits in national banks 28,239.359
Miscellaneous 166,645
Total $821,070,370 I
At the close of May, 1897, the money in these
vaults amounted to $5G7,456,526. Of this amount i
$701,472,349 was in specie. including $155,167,732
In 'gold coin and $26,539,659 In gold bullion. The
■liver bullion on hand is over $7,600,000 less
than it was a year ago.
UNITED STATES COINAGE.
The May coinage for the Mints of the United :
State? was as follows:
Double eagles $4,870,000
Eaeles 920.
Half eagles 1.927,500
Bllver liars 1,296,000
Half dollars 20,000
Quarter dollars 21,000 i
Dimes 96.000 :
Cents 58.670 |
Total. May, 1«95 $9.209.17 D i
Total, May, 1897 6,199.0*0
The descriptions coined In the first eleven
months of the current fiscal year are annexed:
Double eagles $42,819.060 00
Eagles 9.fW).960 00
Half eagles 5,519.650 00 I
Quarter eagles 303,262 50
Silver dollars 9. 186. 680 00 I
Half dollar* 2.122,776 00
Quarter dollars 2,465,875 00
Dimes 1.275.068 00
Five cents 53?. 338 95 :
Cents 506.077 62
Total, 1597-9R $74,129,748 07 ',
Total, 1896-87 92.826,047 45 I
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures ai station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. If any, the j
amount of rainfall or of melted snow In inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" mran^ high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres- j
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied j
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
flr?t appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather mey be expected
In Hummer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite remit.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAX FRANCISCO, June 11, 6 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka 58. Fresno 88. Los Angeles 68, Red
Bluff 82. Independence 82. San Diego 68, Sac
ramento 78, San Luis Oblspo 70, Yuma 90.
Pan Francisco temperature^ Maximum, 60;
minimum. 50; mean. 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAX,
FORECASTS.
Cloudy weather continues throughout Wa»h
lnKt'">!i and Orfgon. and rain has fallen In
Fnir weather prevails throughout the
greatpr portion of California. The weather con
ditions In California are becoming more set
tled <;. rurally fair weather is expected.
Por«CMta made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 12, IS9S:
Northern California — Generally fair Sunday,
except partly cloudy on the northern coast:
fresh westerly wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh
wenerly wind.
Novnd.i and Utah -Partly cloudy Sunday.
•rizona — Fair Sunday.
Snn Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Sunday; brisk westerly wind.
Special report from Mount TamalpalE taken
at 5 p m ■ Cloudy; wind northwest. 36 miles
per hour; temperature,
Forcast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 11.— Yesterday' sharp rise I
in the price of stocks brought In a heavy vol- |
ume of buying orders to the commission houses j
this morning;, especially In the Grangers and
Brooklyn Rapid Tranlst. The rush to buy was
met by offers to realize by the professional op
erators who bought at yesterday's lower level. ;
There was not the same urgent demand from
the short Interest as was the case yesterday,
and a lot of ' considerations unfavorable to a j
rise In prices were given more attention than •
On yesterday, bo that the opening gains In al- :
most all cases' were lost, and prices crumbled j
In the second hour of the short session to below ,
last night's level. The absence of trading '
forced the bears to put out fresh lines near the I
clove, causing some sharp dips with only feeble '
rallies, notably In Sugar and the Grangers. .
Louisville and Southern preferred were con- ]
spicuous sufferers on the yellow fever scare,
and were an unsettling influence from the op
ening. People's Gas was conspicuously weak
without any news to account for it. The de- j
cline in Brooklyn Transit was clearly profit i
taking, and the Grangers and Sugar yielded |
from the same cause accentuated by bear pres
sure. Yesterday's Idea of a movement by Spain !
toward peace was seen to be Illusive as far j
as It concerned any practicable movement. The j
strong bank statement failed to rally the mar
ket.
The absorption of bonds has been large dur- :
ing the week and prices yielded less than j
stocks. ' United States new fours registered
and old four coupon have declined 14, new i
fours coupon 1%. old four registered and the
seconds V fives registered *». and the fives j
coupon % in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 285,800 shares ;
Including: 12,355 Atchison preferred: 9749 Bal
timore and Ohio; 3208 C. and O. ; 21,353 C. B. i
and Q. : 10,620 L. and N. : 8510 Missouri Paclflo; I
6265 New York Central: 6000 Northern Pacific I
preferred; 6425 Rock Island; 18,567 St. Paul: [
*290 Southern Pacific preferred; 3900 Texas and i
Pacific; 6546 Union Pacific preferred; 12.875 To- i
bacco; 4375 Chicago and G. W. ; 19,065 People's
Gas; 34,635 Sugar.
GLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 13% St P & Om 77
Do prefd 83% j Do prefd 160
Baltimore A Ohio 19% iSt P M & M 141
Canada Pacific ..86 So Pacific 17% I
Canada Southern. 52 So Railway 8% '
Central Pacific .. 134 Do prefd 80 1
Ches & Ohio .... 224 Texas & Pacific. 11% !
Chi & Alton 169 Union Pacific .... 244 i
Chi B & Q 106% Do prefd 60% '
Chi & E 111 63% V P D & 0 7%
CCC 4St L 39 Wabash 7%
Do prefd .... 85 Do prefd 19% j
Del & Hudson... 103 Wheel & L E.... 2 I
Del L & W 155 Do prefd 11% !
Den & R G 18 Express Companies— ]
Do prefd 61% Adams Ex 100
Erie (new) 13% American Ex .... 124 <
Do Ist prefd.... 87 United States .... 40 |
Fort Wayne 168 Wells Fargo 117 I
Gt Nor Drefd..-.. 178 Miscellaneous-
Hocking Valley... 6 A Cot Oil 21 !
Illinois Central .. 105 Do prefd 74 i
Lake Erie & W. 11 Amn Spirits 14% !
Do prefd 73 Do prefd 37% I
Lake Shore 189 Am Tobacco 112
Louis & Nash.... 62% Do prefd 118
Manhattan L 104% People's Gas ..... 101%
Met St Ry 139% Cons Gas 203 j
Mich Central 103 Com Cable C 0... 160
Minn & St L..... 29 Col F & Iron 21%
Do Ist prefd.... 90% Do prefd .: 90 !
Mo Pacific 35% Gen Electric 35%
Mobile & 0hi0.... 274 Illinois Steel 65
Mo X & T 11% Laclde Gas BOH i
Do prefd 34% Lead 84% !
Chi Ind & L 94 Do prefd 106%
Do prefd 29 Nat Lin OH 19 :
N J Central 954 Or Imp Co 80
N V Central 116"* [ Pacific Mall 29% '
N YCM & fit L. 13 Pullman Palace... I>>B j
Do Ist prefd 65 Silver Certificates 67% I
Do 2d prefd.... 34 Stand R& T 64 '
Nor West 15 Sugar 140%
No Amer Co 6% Do Erefd 115
No Pacific 2">% T C & Iron 24%
Do prefd 69% U S Leather 7%
Ontario & W 15% Do prefd 65%
>R & Nay 52 U S Rubber 20% i
Or Short Line 80 Do prefd 19%
Plttsburg 169 West Union 91% ;
Reading 20 C& N W 126%
Do Ist nrefd.... 47S Do prefd .... 169
Rock Island 106 ISt L & S W 6% !
St Louis & S F... T%\ Do prefd 11%
Do Ist orefd.... «4 R G W 25%
Do 2d -refd.... 304 Do prefd 654 :
St Paul 101 Haw Com Co 23
Do prefd 149 C G W 14% !
CLOSING BONDS. ;
U S new 4s reg.. 1214 N Carolina 65.... 127% !
Do coup 121% Do 4s 102
US 4s 108 No Pac Ists IIS *
Do coup 109% Do 3s 62%
Do 2ds 95 Do 4s .. 97
U S 5s reg 110% N Y. C & Pt L 4s. IM% j
Do 5s coup 110% Nor & W 6s 120 !
District ?,.65s .... 114 Northwstrn cons. 142 '
Ala class A 110 Do deb f,s 116
Do B 100 O Nay Ist* 115 I
Do C 90 O Nay 4s M
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 126%
Atchison 4s 92% O S Line 6s tr.... 106% '
Do adj 4s 66V|O Imp lsts tr.... 114
Can So 2ds 108% : Do 6s tr 61
Chi Term 4s 86% Pacific 6s of 95... 100%
C & Ohio 5s 114% Reading 4s 56% '
C H & D 44s 104% ROW Ists 88
D& R G lsts 106 8t L&IM Css 94% ',
D & R O 4s 94% St L & 8 F G 6s. 119
Eaet Term lsts.. 107% :St P Con 145
Erie Gen 4s 74% St P C * P Ists.. 120%
F W & D lsts tr. 72 i Do be 116%
Gen Elec 5s 103 So Ry 5s 95
G H & S A 65.... 105 ■ Stand R & T 65.. 67%
Do 2ds 105 Term new set 3s 91
H&T Css 11l T&P L O lsts.. 105% I
Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2dn 38 i
lowa C lsts 100% U P D & G Ists.. 61% I
La new cons 45.. 100 Wab Ist 5s .. 109
LAN Unl 45.... 90% Do 2ds S5
Missouri 6s 100 W. Shore 4« losu I
M X & T 2ds RSU Va Centuries .... 71
Do 4s 87% Do deferred ... 6
N V Central lsts. 118% U P prefd 60%
N J C 5a 114% 1 Do 4s $6%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar if Ontario 176 : .
Crown Point 0* ">ph!r .... 20
Con Cal & Va 42 Plymouth II I
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver 100 j
3ould & Curry.... 15 Do prefd '. 225 !
Hale A Norcross. 75 sierra Nevada ... 50
Homestake 40 00 standard 150 !
fron Silver '65 "nion Con 05
Mexican 15 Fellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June IL— Atchison, 18%: Bell Tele
phone, 275; Burlington. 106%; Mexican Central, !
6%; Oregon Short Line. 80.
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, June 11.— Financier says: i
The New York banks, despite the active de- i
mand for funds, expressed In a loan expan- '
sion of $9,144,200 for the week Just ended, can
not find use for all the money they are receiv- !
ing, and the reserve is higher by $1,591,400 than
reported seven days ago. Deposits increased
$14,591,200, making a gain of $57,500,000 within
a month. As the increase on cash account I
was $5,289,200, it will be seen that the greater
part of the deposit growth was obtained by
entering credits on the books against loans.
This haa been going on for some time and re- I
fleets a very satisfactory condition In mer
cantile circles. The season for early redls- :
counting for country banks is at hand and
some business Is being done In this line, but
not enough to count in general results. The !
interior banks are so well supplied with cash '
that they are In a better position than . ever '
to endure over the summer. A detailed analy
; sis of the statement for the week shows that !
[ five of the sixty-five clearing Institutions have
placed the bulk of the loan, while seven insti- '
tutions, most of which have heavy Interior \
' connections, gained three-fourths of the In- '
1 creased deposits. Seven banks hold consider- I
i ably over half the $179,000,000 of specie reported '
i last week.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, June 11.— The Evening Post's j
London financial cablegram says: The stock
f markets here were quiet to-day, but firm.
j This was notably the case with Americans, led j
i by Atchlson, which was said to be bought by j
! a bull pool In New , York. The Interest spread
1 to other shares. It Is believed that the United |
; States loan next week may be subscribed many
I times over, . and this may sentimentally affect
the share market. •
The t discount market here again shows
! Indications of hardening. More American bins
i are offered for forward delivery than for u>mt
: time past. The decline in New York. exchange
: Is also a factor, while I learn from good sourer-*
1 that a large mass of German bills, created In
1 connection with • the ' remittance fop months
■ hack of Chinese loan fund-, to London, will
I mature next. week and will mostly be renewed.
i Gold was quoted , to-day at 77s 10% d. The
{ Russian Inquiry Is momentarily less keen.
CLOSING. •
• Canadian Pacific, 87%; Grand Trunk, 8%; bar
1 silver steady, 26% d; money, %@1 per cent. ' -
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Juno 11— FLOUR— Receipts,
24,884 barrels; exports, 8904 barrels. Weak and
lower with Wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 282,175 bushels; exports,
486,070 bushels. Spot. weak; No. 2 red, $1 10 t.
! o. b. afloat, export grade; options active 'and
very weak all day, closing. l%@2Hc net lower.
Influenced by lower cables, the Government re
port and foreign selling; No. 2 red July, 92^(3
94Hc, closed at 92% c. .
HOPS— Quiet: State, common to choice, 3@4c.
WOOL— Quiet: fleece, 15(ST23c- Texas, 13@15c.
PIG IRON— Warrants dull; southern, $9 75®
11 25: Northern. Jlo@ll 60. '
j . COPPER— Quiet; brokers', 1194 c
! LEAD- Quiet; brokers', 3.60 c.
■ TlN— Plates, quiet. >■ '■:*■■
. COFFEE— .closed steady, net un
changed; sales, 4750 bans, including July, $5 70©
6 75. Spot Coffee— Rio. dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6Hc;
i No. 7 jobbing, 6!io; mild, dull; Cordova, SH®
15% c. - ■--■• <■;¥-:■
I '.SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal test, 4 B-16c: refined, firm; mold A,
6%c; standard A and -confectioners' A, • 6»4c;
cut- loaf- and crushed, s^c; powdered, ■ 6%c;
granulated, 5%c: cubes, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5658 packages; strong;
Western creamery. 13%@16%c; Elglns, l«V4e;
factory. 10%@12%c. . :
, EGGS— Receipts, 3811 packages; quiet; West
ern, ll'/4(g>l2c; Southern, ; 10V4@llc.
DRIED FRUIT. '.
NEW YORK. .June 11.— California Dried
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
Fruits steady. _
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, .6@Bc;
prime wire tray. 94c; wood-dried, prime, 940;
chotce, 94c; fancy, 10c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. B©lo c; Moorpark, 10@13c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@9c; peeled, 12@l«c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 11.— Considering the extreme- !
ly bearish character of the Government crop j
report, wheat started fairly steady. A slight i
improvement In the weather, however, weak |
foreign markets and growing sense of the sig
nificance of the Immense acreage sown to wheat
this season, together with its generally ex
cellent condition produced a feeling of weak
ness. Longs quickly lost heart and began to j
let- go. -The fright soon became so general ,
that the liquidation rush finally became more
of a matter of finding buyers than of prices.
Short selling led by Cudahy was also general.
There was a slight reaction during the last
hour of the session, due apparently more 10
profit taking In the early short selling than any
real Increase of strength •In the general situ- ,
ation. The Indicated world's shipments for the
week are about 12,000,000 bushels, compared
with 5,322,000 bushels last year. July closed
with a loss of l%c, and September closed lV*c
lower. . , ,
The weather conditions were unfavorable for
corn, but the weakness of wheat and provis
ions started corn, prices down hill. July closed :
%@%c lower. ;'•■■-. ■ 
Oats followed corn, opened steady and then >
yielded. Shorts gave th« market good support,
however, and prices became better near the
close. July closed He lower.
There was another slump in provisions. Many
outsiders who did not act on the yellow fever
news yesterday let go their long provisions
to-day. There was also some important sell-
Ing by packers. The English concerns who .
are short were the buyers. July. pork declin
ed 2%c, lard 17c and ribs 2c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. >—
June 100 1 00 89 96
July ■ 88% 88% 85% 86
September 75 75% 73% 73%
December 73% 74 724 72% ,
Com No. 1— „ ,
June r. 82% 32% .82% 82% 1
July 33% 83% 32% 83 !
September 34* 34% 834 83%
Oats No. J— 24% 24Vi 23%
July 24% 24% 23% 24%
September 22% 22% 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 10 124 10 17% » 67% » «7%
September 10 30 10 35 886 985
Lard, per 100 !T<s —
July 6 80 6 80 6 65 6 724
September 695 6 97% 5 77% 6 82%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
July 6 624 5 52% 6 324 635
I September 6 iio 5 624 540 545
I Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, ]
easy; winter patents. $5 40@5 50; straights, $u@ !
' 5 20; clears, $sfi's 10; spring specials, $6 50; Mm
I nesota hard, ff> 7606; soft. $5 60@5 75; No. 2
1 spring wheat. S6(gß7c; No. 3 spring wheat, 80@
! 90c; No. 2 red, 93c; No. 2 corn. 33c; No. 2 oats,
I 264 c; No. 2 white, 28%®29c; No. 3 white, 27V
I 2Sc; No. 2 rye. 450; No. 2 barley, 33@34c; No. 1
1 flaxseed, $1 16; prime timothy seed, $2 76@2 80;
: mess pork, per bbl, $9 Cs@9 70; lard, per 100 lbs,
I $5 66^5 70: short ribs sides (loose), $5 25'?;; 60;
dry salted shoulders (boxed), $5@5 25; short
clear sides (boxed), 16 80@6; sugars, cut loaf,
I 6.02 c; granulated, 6. 52 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
I Flour, bbl« ' 6.600 6,600
Wheat, bush 38.000 104.000
1 Corn t bush 635,800 499.500
1 Oats, bush 233.2'K> 294,000
Rye, bush 4.C00 fk ...
; Barley, bush 16.200 4.800
' On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13@15%c; dairies,
I ll<Sl3c. Eggs, fresh steady, 9%c. Cheese, dull;
j cream. 7%57%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushel?.
Minneapolis 57,510 15 750
Duluth 65.931 9,424
Milwaukee 16.000 1950
Chicago 35.050 104,611
1 Toledo 9,004 41,200
St. Louis 15,000 10,000
Kansas City 1,985 500
Detroit 15.500 11,500
I ■ Totals 219,960 294,935 ;
I Tidewater —
; Boston 600- 95 000
I New York 232,175 486.070
Philadelphia 1,017 850
! Baltimore .-, 15,0?6
. New Orleans ',
j Galveston 1,650 16,250
Totals 258.923 698.170 i
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
I Opening .' 63 10 60 45
; Closing i
Flour-
Opening 28 60 22 75
! Closing
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
June. ' July. Sept. Dec. !
Opening 9% 6 6% 6 2%
, Closing . I
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
! CHICAGO. June 11.— CATTLE— TVffiTc
higher than a week ago. Choice steers, $4 90^
5 30; medium. $4 EOCi4 65: beef steers, $4 1M :
4 43; stockers and fee.Urs 43 KO4 90; cows and
heifers. $3 4«<gu >.0; canners, $2 60@3 35; calves,
$4tg6 60.
HOGS— Took a tumble of li>@lsc. Fair to .
i choice, $4®» 16; packers, 53 80*53 97; butchers',
$3 90@4 05; mixed, $3 So@4; light. $3 70Q-4; pigs.
; $2 7S(ff3 85.
; SHEEP— Were steady at the recent advance.
! Native sheep, $3@5 12; exporters, $4 40<3'5 12;
: lambs, $4'9>6; spring lambs, $.V.? 6 50.
Receipts — Cattle. 600; hogs, 18,000; sheep,
I 3500. -r.;-..
OMAHA.
SOUTH OMAHA, June CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 2300. Market slow; closed steady. Na-
I tive beef steers. $4(84 90; Western steers. $3 850
j 4 50; Texas steers, $3 ,=ifKg>4 30: cows and heif
1 ers. $3 60*54 30: canners, $2 50® 3 60; stockers
1 and feeders, 1406 20; calves, $4 60<57," bulls,
1 stags, etc.. $3@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 7600. Market 15c lower.
I Heavy, $3 75@3 90; mixed. $3 8003 82; light, $3 75
! <93 SO: bulk of sales, $3 80^3 85. .
j SHEEP— Receipts, 100. Market stronger; fair
to choice natives. $4®4 80; do Westerns, $3 SO®
4 60; lambs, $4 Eof>4 60. -';--.:->*'
KANSAS CITY.
: KANSAS CITY, June 11.— CATTLE—
1 60. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market s@lsc lower;
i bulk of sales. $3 70<JT3 95; heavies, $3 76i@;3 95;
! packers, $3 65(93 90; mixed. $3 6Oij|>3 90; lights
: $3 60«?3 SO; yorkers, $3 76®3 SO; pigs, $3®3 60
! SHEEP— None.
DENVER.
DENVER, June CATTLE— Receipts, «00.
Market firm; beef steers, $3 50@4 75; cows, $3(3)
i 4; feeders, freight paid to river. $4!j?4 60; stock
ers do, $4*34 70; bulls, stags, etc., $2 50®3 60.
Receipts. 450.. Market 15<g-20c lower.
Light packers. $3 80®3 85; mixed. $3 75@3 80-
I heavy. S3 70@3 80.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. June 11.— Silver, 26% d; French
; Rentes, lOSf 26c.
LIVERPOOL, June 11.— COTTON— Uplands,
3 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT FUTURES— CIosed easy; July
9s %d; September, 6s 6%d; December, 6a 2%d.
WHEAT— dull; No. 1 red Northern
1 spring, 9s; No. 2 red Western winter, Bs- «d.
i CORN— Spot, • firm; American mixed new,
Ss 3%d. Futures— Quiet: July, 3s 3d; Septem
! ber, 3b 4%d: June, nominal.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull. 12s 9d.
HOPS— At London. Pacific Coast, dull, £2^4.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or., June 11.— few sales of
j Walla Walla wheat 1 are reported* on a new
crop basis of 70<3>72c being paid. Valley and
Blue Stem would probably command 73@750
1 per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., June 11.— Wheat, dull;
I Club, $80; Blue Stem, 71c
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LiONDON, June 11.— The Wool market hu
been unsettled during the week, principally
owing to unfavorable reports due to the recent
failure In Bradford. The arrivals of Wool for
the next series of auction gales amount to
3f>7, 088 bales, Including 81.000 bales forwarded
direct.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK. June 11 — Ths sold and nUrrr
movement at New York for the week ending
to-day: Exports of silver, $801,200; Imports
of gold, $15,412; silver, $1667. The Imports of
dry gooo> and general merchandise at New
York for the week were $fi, 380,973.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 11.— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $190,022,414; gold re
■erve, $166,082,392.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 11.— COTTON— Quiet; mid
dlings, 6 9-16 c.
NEW ORLEANS, June It— COTTON— Quiet;
middlings, 6 l-16c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINEBS.
PORTLAND, Or.. June 11— Exchanges, $252,
515; balances, $61,131. _
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 i(SV4
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 57%
Mexican Dollars 46 «V 4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week closed with a further
decline in futures. There was no change in
the spot situation.
Spot Wheat— i.appinir, ; mtlllng, $1 66®
1 624 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
6000 ctls, $1 344; 14.000. $1 34%.
Second Session— December— 3S.ooo ctl«, $1 844:
4000. $1 34; 36,000, $1 34%
Regular Morning Session— December— 26,ooo
ctls, $1 34; 2000. $1 33%; 26 000, $1 3*4.
BARLEY— Trade is very dull at unchanged
quotations.
Feed, $1 1741311 20; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SA-.ES.
Informal session — o'clock — sales.
Second session— No sales.
Regular morning session— December— 6ooo ctls,
j $1 15%; 2000, $1 16%.
OATS— are lower all around and trade
Is dull. I
Fancy feed, ,$1 87%@1 40 per ctl ; good to
choice, $1 27%@1 32%; common, $1 20'3>l 25; Sur
i prise, $1 KS9I 40; gray $1 25@1 30; milling,
$1 32 4© 1 37% per ctl. ■•
CORN— Dealers are quoting lower figures. ■
! Small round yellow, |125(gl 30; large yellow,
i $1 Onigl 07%; white, $1 02U@l 05 per ctl; mixed,
: $1 02%@l 05. ■..■'* - 1
I RYE-$1 30@l 35 per ctl. I
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7D@l 85 per ctl.\
FL~ o X AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $5 50(3>5 60; bakers'
extras, $5 25©5 35 per hbl. ">
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount, to th" trade: ■ Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 2.'; Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 25<g>3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4©4 2.".;
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80 !
@>6 20; In sacks, $5 60®>6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FHEDSTUFFS.
Hay la easy as buyers are purchasing only
from hand to mouth, but prices are unchanged.
Bran and Middlings ara firm.
BRAN— SIS 60@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O 50022 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $26(3>27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $51«9>31 50; Job
bing, $32<f32 60; Cocoanut Cake. $24025; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal. $24 50;
Cracked Corn, $25.
HAY— (Ex-car In round Wheat, $20®
23; Wheat and Oat, $19@22; Oat. $18^19; Bar
ley, ; compressed Wheat. $21024; com
pressed Oat, $16@18; Alfalfa, $12<3>18 60; Clover.
NEW Wheat, wire-bound, $17019; Oat,
; Barley, • ; Island Barley, ; Al
falfa, $12@18 60.
STRAW— 66©96c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing new In any description.
Private letters from . the Southern Bean dis
tricts report a total failure of the crops there.
The Sacramento River will have to supply all
the Beans this year.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 9003; Small Whites. $2®
2 10; Large Whites. $1 9502 05; Pinks, $2 600
2 70; Reds. $2 7502 90; Blackeye, $3 2503 40:
Butters, $1 76@1 SO; Llmas, $2 9008; Pea, $185
02; Red Kidneys. $2 6502 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 25<g>2 60 per ctl;
Tel low Mustard. $3 1503 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed, 2%@2%c per lb: Alfalfa. 3@6c: Rape, 2V
2%c: Hemp. 2S4®3c; Timothy, s©sVic.
PRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75<g2; Green, $3®
ilO per ctl. ■ .' : _.'* .
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant, 10@12V£o per Ib;
Green Peppers, 7010 c; Tomatoes, $202 50 per
box.
Potatoes and Onions have again declined.
String Beans are weak and quiet. Peas are
firm. Tomatoes keep up. Alameda Squash
sold at $2@2 50 per box. Asparagus Is lower.
POTATOES— OId Burba 25@60c per ctl;
new Potatoes, 40055 c for Early Rose, J>Oo6sc
for Peerless and 60c@$l for Burbanks, In boxes.
ONIONS— New, 50@600 per Ctl for red and 75
@90c for yellow.
VEGETABLES— were 288 boxes As
paragus and 191 sacks Peas.
Asparagus. $2 for extra large; $1 6001 75
per box for No. 1, 50c@$l 25 for small; Rhu
barb, €oc@sl per box; Green Peas. $101 50
per sack: Garden Peas, 2c per lb: String
Beans, 3@50; Wax* Beans, 4®Gc; Horse Beans.
4(Wir.oc per Back; Summer Squash. 7£>c®sl per j
box; Dried Peppers, 6;g7c per lb: Dried Okra, I
12'iC: Cabbage. 50060 c per ctl; Carrots. So@soo
per sack; . Marysville Cucumbers, 75c05l per
box; Vacavllle Tomatoes, $1 50®2 26 per box;
Green Corn, 20<S35c per dozen; Garlic, 4®sc
per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced, desiccated, 16@lSc; granulated, raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old. 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There was still some Eastern left on hand at
the close. The market Is weak.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10@12c for Gob
blers and Willie for Hens; Geese, per pair 75c
@$l; Goslings, $I@l 25;. Ducks, $35*3 50 for old
and $304 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; Roos
ters, young, $7©9; Roosters, old. $3 5004; Fry
ers, $506: Broilers." $3 50tf4 50 for large. $2@3
for small; Pigeons. $1 2501 50 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGOS.
Butter continues weak, but prices are no
lower. Eggs are doing better. Cheese Is weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 18@19c; sec
onds, 17H®lSc.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 164@17c; common
grades, 15@160 per lb.
Eastern Imitation creamery, 16®
16',Sc; ladle-packed, 15016 c per lb; Elgin. 17
@18c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B%®9c; old, 7V6®
Sc: Cream Cheddar, 10011 c; Young America,
>O10c; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 1611180 per dozen; store
Eggs, 14@15c; Eastern, 14H015c; Duck Eggs,
16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The Peaches now coming In are generally
miserable specimens and dealers think that
they are culls left over from Eastern ship
ments. At any rate most of them are so poor
that nobody wants them. The market' is still
blocked with cherries and many of them are
as poor as the Peaches. Apricots are plentiful,
hut steady. Berries are higher as a rule,
though some poor Raspberries from Petaluma
rpII as low as $3 per chest. The canners are
taking Apricots nt $35 per ton.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes are In good sup
ply and easy.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 336 chests of Strawberries and
5637 boxes of Cherries and 690 boxes of Apricots.
Strawberries, $3@5 per chest for large and
$6610 for small.
White Cherries, If.!g2fic per box; black, 20®
<0c; Royal Annes, 35@50c: loose Cherries, 10
l^c for white and l®3c per Ib for black, and
2t?3c for Royal Anne.
Currants, $1 SOfS3 60 per chest.
-Blackberries, SOcosl 25 per crate and '$3 per
chest.
Plums, 350 50c per crata and 15050 c per box;
Cherry Plums, 20030 c per drawer and 25®500
per box.
Apricots, 35'(i'65c per box and 500,750 per
crate for Royals. ,'=<>;■■«
Peaches, 20060 c per box and 40@50c per bas
ket.
Gooseberries. l@2c per lb for common and
4o for English.
Newcastle Raspberries, $1 25 per crate; Near
by Raspberries, $lO@l2 per chest. !
Apples, 75c®$l 50 per box; new Apples, 359>
60c per small and 90c@l per large box and 300
40c per basket.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 7503;
Seedlings, 75ci5}1 25; Lemons, 60c©$l for com
mon and $12502 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $S's'4; California Limes, in small boxes,
40'g'GOc; Bananas. $1 2502 per bunch; Pine
apples, $304 per dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
. Almonds are either cleaned up or closely
held, as very few are seen now. Walnuts are
active and firm at the old prices. Ther« is no
change In Fruits and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 4%®
6c for : 40-50' s, 4^4®4V4c for 60-60' s, 3%©4 c for
60-70' b, 3>4@3%c for 70-80* s. 2%®3c for 80-90' s, 2^4
@2Hc for 90-100' s; Peaches, 305 c; fancy, s^yi
6c; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, 6@6%c for Royals
and 7©Be for good to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7Vi@Bc; sun-dried, 4HSf5c; Black
Figs In ! sacks. 2@2%c; Plums, 4V4@4%c for
pitted ajid • I%@lV4c t<> unpltted; . bleached
Plums, 6@s>>4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%@4Hc for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, . according. to color,. etc. :
RAISINS— for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 41/ Ac4 1 / Ac for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1@
!,1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2Hc.
\, " NUTS— Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell, 4@6c for
"softshell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell. 6@70 for
sot tsholl, - SV2@9c for paper-shell ; Peanuts, -4@
6%c for Eastern and • 4%c , for , California; • Pe
cans, 6Vi®Bc; Filberts, 9 ! ft c; Brazil Nuts.
E@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 60@6 per 100. .- ■
HONEY— Comb. 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, 5%®
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5}4c per It).
BEESWAX— per . 1b. . «
PROVISIONS.
There: Is a good city demand at firm prices,
but the country demand is slack.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9V»c for light medium. 10c for light,
lie for extra light and 12@12Hc for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10V41fnc, Cali
fornia Hams, 9V>SlOc; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef. $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess. $15; Smoked Beef. 12Q-12V4C per
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per tb
for compound and Su,c for pure; palls, 9Vic;
California tierces, o'^c per It) for compound
and 'Vie for pure; half barrels, 7%c; 10-It>
tins. B%c; 5-Ib tins, B%c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%@7^c; packages,
less than 300 rhs— l-tb pails, 60 In a case. 9^c;
3-n> pails, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-tb palls, 12 In a
case, B<*c; 10-lt> palls. 6 in a case, B%c; 50-Ib
tins. 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, SHe; fancy tubs. 80 !T>9 net, 7s»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are firm at a further advance, aa will
be seen. Tallow Is also higher. Wool and
Hops are dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10V4@Uc; medium, 9H@loc; light, 9@9Hc;
Cowhides, 9@9V40: Stags, f 6>4c: salted Kip, - 9c;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides,. 16%@17i4c; culls - and
brands, 13V=@l4c: dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry
Calf, 18@20o; culls, 16(&17c; Goatskins, 20@40c
each; Kids. 5@10o; Deerskins, good summer,
27%@30c; medium. 50c; winter, 10c: Sheepskins, ;
shearlings, 20@30c each; - short wool, 35fg«5()c i
each; medium. 70@90c; long wool, 90c(35l 30 j
each; Horsehides. salt, }2<&2 25 for large and
$I@2 for. small: Colts. 50c: Horsehldes, dry.' $2!
for large and $1 for small; Colts, &oc.
TALLOW— circular of W. B. Sumner &
Co. says: "The market has been gradually
improving during the past month and values
are now marked at somewhat higher figures.
This. advance has been caused, in a measure,
by more activity in the Chicago market, al
though only moderate sales have been made for
export. .
"The general trade in this city has bought
freely so that the stocks now held are compar
atively small. The dry season of California
has lessened the output of tallow, and there
fore, ■; for some months at least, we may look
for a firm market on tallow." .
. No. 1 rendered. 3V4@3>ic per lb; No. 2, 2^<Q
3c; refined, 4>4@4%c: Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clip. Southern Mountain. 7@loc;
free Northern,' 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquin and
Southern,, 7 months', , 8@10c;. Foothill and
Northern, ' free. 12@14c; do, - defective. • 10®12c ;
Middle county, 13<?n6c; Humboldt and Mendo
cino, 15@17c: Nevada.. 13015 c. .
, HOPS— IS 97 crop, 9(fl2>^c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs rule firm at . the advance, and the de
mand is brisk. There is no change in the other
descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6V4c; second quality,
6Vic; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large. 4@sc; small, 6@7c per lb. .
MUTTON— l ?c;>Ewes,.7@7VSc per
lb.
LAMB— Spring, B@B%o per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4\i@4%c for large. 4^<3>sc
for medium and 4@4^c for small; stock Hogs,
3!4@3?ic; dressed Hogs, 6M,®7Hc. .■ '
v GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta. Grain Bags, June-July, 5%@
5%c; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $6; WaJlsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 25 In bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate,
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, s"ic; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, 5%c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half -barrels more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, June 11.
Flour, qr sks ... 3.SM Hay, tons 160
Barley, ctls 1,250 Straw, tons 35
Corn, ctls 5 Wool, bales 183
Butter, ctls iW Eggs, doz 15,930
Cheese, ctls 314 Leather, rolls ... 310
Beans, sks l.onn Wine, gnls 29,910
Potatoes, sks ... 8,564 Lime, bbls 201
Onions, sks 743 Hides, no 714
Brnn, sks 405 Pelts, bdls 167
Middlings, sks .. 62 Quicksilver, flsk. 72
OREGON.
Bran, sks 839 1 Shorts, sks 110
Barley, ctls SSOiHay, tons 10
EASTERN.
Com, ctls 1.2001
UTAH.
Hay, tons 601
TEE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks run along in the same old
groove with no changes worthy of note.
On the Bond Exchange Oceanic Steamship
■was lower again at $60. Hawaiian Commercial
was somewhat higher at $23® 23%.
The Union Con. assessment falls delinquent
In office to-morrow and the Overman and Seg.
Belcher assessment sales take place also
The Junction Mining Company of Tuolumne
County has levied an assessment of 3 cents per
share, delinquent July 11.
The Wlldman-Mahoney Mining Company of
California has declan-d a dividend of 10 cents
per share, payable Immediately.
The Grand Central Mining Company of Utah
has declared its first dividend of 12% cents per
share, amounting to $31,2"", payable June 16.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Yellow
Jacket Mining Company will be held at the
main office of th» company in Gold Hill, Xev.,
on Friday next, June 17.
The Eureka Consolidated Drift Mining Com
pany of Placer County has levied an assess
ment of half a cent per share, delinquent
July 9.
From the Consolidated California and Vir
ginia mine during the week 7 tons of ore of
the average assay value of $36 20 per ton were
taken out. The last previous extraction was
20 tons-of ore valued at i_'4 SO, which was taken
out during the week ending May 28.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, June 11—10:30 a. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. . 103^111 V, I'nc Gas Imp. S6Vi —
4s quar reg...l"S 108)4 i'ac L. Co — 50
Is quar new. . .121^122^ 8 F Q & E... 87=* S7-v;
Miscellaneous — San Fran 3'g 3^
Cal-st Cab 65. 114% — .Stock Gas .... 12 —
Zai El 6s 125 — Insurance—
2 C Wat 55... 101 — Flrem'a Fund. lßs —
Dup-st ex c... — 9Ste Bank Stocks—
E L & P fi5..127>4 — Anglo-Cal .... 55 65
F&CI Ry 65.113' i — Bank of Ca1.. 243 246H
3eary-st R ss. — 93 Cal SD4T.. 96U H9
HC & S 5'^5..100 105 First Nat . ..2ftL'Vi"
LAL Co 6s. — 100 T,nn P & A. ..123 130
Do gntd 65.. — 101 Mor Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65. .126 — Xcv Nut B 152^4160
Do Ist M ss..ll3'fell3Tfe. .ll3'fell3 T fe Savings Banks—
S T at Vln 6s Ist — Ger S & L. .1560 —
N* C Nii Ry7s.loS — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65..107>£ — Mutual Say. — 42V4
N Ry Cal 55.,100* i — 3 F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 55.101i,4 — S& L 50.... — 100
Dak Gas 5s 100 — Security S B 250 —
Do 2d is 55..10.i 111 Union T Co. looo —
Om Ry 6s 124 — Street Railroad—
P & O 6s lOSVi — I'alifornia ....in7V,IOB
p&ci Ry 6s.io!tsn2 Geary 40 —
Powell-st 65...1152120 Market-st .... 53H 54
Reno — Presidio 6 B^4
Sac Elecßyss.ini) — pp O wfler—
BF& N P Ss.lOT^lO'l California ....125 160
PlerraACal 6s. — 103 E Dynamite... So —
S P of Ar 65.. 105 lOSls Giant Con Co. 46 46H
S T Cal 65.... — 113 Vigorlt — 3\fc
SPC Is eg is.. 94 — Miscellaneous—
SPBf 6s 11l 113 Al Pac A.=sn.. 94 944
S V Wat 65... 116 117 Gen IA Wks..llo -
P V Wat 45...101%102 Hana P C 0.... — 12
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 HC & S Co.. 23% 2:v£
Water Stocks— Hutch S P Co. 50 50Vi
Contra Costa.. 55 58 Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Mnrin Co BO — Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Spring Valley. 95»4 99U Oceanic S Co. 59 61
Gas & Electric— Pnc A F L..... \\k 2\i
Tent Gaslight. los — Pac Bot C 0... .101 —
\lutual El Co. — IH4 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Oakland Gas.. 4R 49M.
Morning Session.
JO Oceanlo Steamship Co 60 00
50 Hutchlnson S P Co 50 00
2 S F Gas & Electric C 0..... 87 25
10 do do .::.... 87 50
60 Giant Powder C0n...... 46 25
50 Hawaiian Commercial & x Sugar...... 23 00
100 do do ..33 25
100 do do ; ..:.... 2337%
25 do do a 10 23 25
Street—
$3000 Park & Cliff Houne 6b Bonds 109 26
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
110 Hawaiian C & S Co . 33 00
45 do do ....22 874
100 Vlgorlt Powder .3 37V4
' 40 Giant Powder 46 00
40 Market-street Railway Co 53 50
45 Hutchlnson S P Co ;.. 49 75
25 do do .49 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were ; the pales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Ses^fron. f .
Alta 06 100 Ophlr 26
Belcher:.... ..... ' 06.100 Potosi . ;. 10
200 Best & Belcher. 15 150 Savage 06 I
100 Caledonia 20 200 Sierra Nevada.. 54
300 Chollar 07 100...... ........ '53
200 Con Cal ■. & Va.. 37 500 Union Con ...... 19
800 Crown Point ... 08 100 Yellow Jacket... 17
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: - :/'.:
, Morning Session, f . -
500 Alta .'• 06 1000 Justice 08
300 Belcher ..... 06 300 Ophlr . ~. :........ '26 i
500 Best & Belcher. ■ 16 1 COO Savage 06 1
800 Caledonia ....... 19 700 ...... 05
400 Con Cal & Va.. 37 i<>o Sierra Nevada... 54
I 400 ..■....;■... 36 200 53
I 600 Gould & Curry.. 111400 ..'...: 55
j 400 Hale & Norcross 801400 Union Con ...... 19
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 11—12 m.
biq.apk. .via.ASK.
pha — 03 Julia — 01
ta  05 06 Justice 06 07
idea 06 07 Kentuck — 06
•lcher 05 Ofi Lady U'ash ... — 02
nton Con ... 04 — Mexican 10 U
<=t & Belcher 15 IB Occidental 6" —
illlon — 04 Ophlr 25 26
ledonia 19 20 Overman 05 06
nilar 09 10 potosi 10 11
lallenge Con. 16 1* I Savage 04 05
n Cal & Va. 35 36 1 Reg Belcher ... 04 05
nfldence 35 40 i Scorpion — 02
n Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 55 56
own Point ..09 10 Silver Hill .... — 0«
n New York. — <>2 Syndicate — 03
ireka On ... — 2<ljPtandard 150 160
[chequer — 03 i Union Con 17 IS
mid & Curry. 10 ll't'tah 04 05
lie & Norcrs. 76 80 1 Yellow Jacket. 18 19
Cal
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
M.I T.|W.
T.
F.
S.
i
"6«
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar
Con Cal & Va
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross
Justice
Mexican
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental
Potoai
Savage
Seg Belcher
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket
08 OS) 08 08 07 I
10 10| 07 OS 08 I
26 25| 241 20 20 !
.... 041 04 041..
34 30 27! 25 24| i
23 25 23| 22' 19 | I
14 10 111 10 1 09 1 (
49| 47 46| 43 42| I
461 40 .... 35 35| I
12 11 12 11 10 (
15 ISI 16 16 14 :
90j 89 S2 75 83 '
07 06 06 06 06 (
19| IS 16 15J 1* '■
34 31 32, 2R| 29 I
■07 OS 081 M "6 I
65 «6| 70 66 65 t
17 15 16 11 12 :
08 08 OS 05 06 <
04 04 04 041 04 1 I
1 55(1 55!1 65 1 60|l 55 1 i
75 681 68 57] 57; i
07 07 07 07! 07! :
06 07 05 031 05; I
20 22 20 211 181 1
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
William and Jane Wolf to Daniel Jutton, lot
on NW ceiner of Ellis and Franklin streets,
W 37:6 by N *7:6; $10.
Abraham C. and Josephine B. Freeman to
William Harris, lot on E line of CapJ> street,
212:0 N of Twenty-sei-ond, N 45 by E 100; $10.
Edward T. Johnson to Annie F. Johnson, lot
on E line of Hartford street, 272 S of Nine
teenth. S 25 by E 125; $10.
N. ('. Thompson to I. K. Peters, lot on N line
of Twenty-fourth street, aft E of Church, N 25,
E !0, X 12:., E .Vi. S 36, W 25, S Hi. W 35; $6.
Frederick Walter. Benjamin Harris, Isidor
Rosoncrantz and Fred A. Kuhl (by Charles W.
Dixon, commissioner) to Pacific Loan Associa
tion, lot on W line of Colllr.tjwood street, 316:4
N of Nineteenth, N 19:5% by W 125; $3626.
Eugene and Mary Gesvret to Archibald Bar
nard, undivided three-tenths of lot on 8 line
of Bush street, 80 W of Stockton, W 78, S 67:6,
W 39:6, S 30, E 60. S 50, E 5V:6, N 137:6; $10.
Walter and Anne B. Powell to Klntaro Kl
mura, Nlshiyama Torii and Ichitaro Koya, lota
23 to 2«, block B. Lakevlew; $10.
John W. and Anna E. Koon to James Am
brose, lots 4 and 9, block 11, Railroad Home
stead Association; $10.
Estelle Fiske to Elizabeth Peterson, lot on
E line of Gutenbere street. 106:6 S of Han
nover, S 106:6 by E 178, block 198, West End
Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
W. A. and Llllie Clark to Henry N. Clement,
lot on S line of Eighth street. 80 W of Chester,
W 70 by S 100. block 829. Oakland; JlO.
Joseph Leesmann to Joseph B. Lessmann. lot
on SW corner of Taylor and Wood streets, 3
82:4 by W 100, block M 5, Oakland; gift.
Beulah Park Camp Meeting Association to
Ruben Wiant, lot 52, -block D, Beulah Park
property, East Oakland; $10.
A. M. and Mirry C. Benham to 'William N.
Stromberg. the W half of lot 66, map of Pacific
Theological Seminary Tract, map 2, Oak
land; 510.
William E. Hall to Frank G. Thompson, lots
313 to 316, block V, Beulah Park property. East
Oakland; also strip 8 feet wide lying W of lots
315 and 316, East Oakland; also lot on W corner
of East Twenty-fourth street and Fourteenth
avenue, NW 144.61, SW 74, SE 128.39, NE 77.56
to beginning, block 141, Clinton, East Oak
land ; SlO.
Frank G. Thompson to James Curley, same.
East Oakland; $10.
James ("urley to Jacob T. Jackson, same,
East Oakland; $10.
James and Margaret A. Curley to Frank G.
Thompson, lot on SE line of Eleventh avenue,
82 NE of East Sixteenth street, NE 40, SE 102:4.
SW 17:6, SW 22:* i, NW 6:S to beginning, block
88, Clinton, subject to mortgage, East Oakland;
$10.
Martha G. Bailey to Michael Buckley, lot on
E line of Harper street. 100 N of Woolsey, E
100 by N 35:5, being lot 7, block 6, Central Park
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
James G. and Mary J. Steele to George W.
Hinkel, lot 15, block C, Bellevue Tract, Ala
meda; $10.
Harvey J. and Annie Lewelling to Eli L«w
elllng, lot on N line of Ma,ln stret. if produced
E with NE Una of right of way W P R R Co.,
thence E 7.M chains, NE 2.39 chains, S\.' 22.31
chains, S 4.77 chains, SE 21 chains to beginning.
Town of Pan Lorenzo, Eden Township; $10.
Hugh Barclay to James Slierldan, lot 38,
block 8. North Alameda Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Adolph Mack i owner") with Mallory & Pwen
son (contractors), architects. Newson & Meyer,
all work except mill work which is to be done
by Oakland or Berkeley Planing mills for a
three-story and basement brick and frame
structure on NW corner, starting 58:S ! i S of
Sacramento street, thence S 4.' by E 137:6 ■ $12 -
James T>. Phelan (owner) with Z. O. Field
<< ■"ntrnrtor'). architects Curlett <!t McCaw, ex
cavatton, brick and Iron work for one-half of
new party wall and sundry supports for old
"' ket-street building; adjninlntr party wall.
BW siile of sfi-vara lot WA and adjoin
ing property of J. R. Whitney (NW line of
Market street. 152:1N, NE of Golden Gate av
enue, thence XW 59 :P>: SIROO.
Wells. Fargo & Co. (owners) with George H.
Tay Company (contractors), architects Percy >v
Hamilton, hentfng- and ventilating syptpm for
huildinpr on XE line of Second street,' 160 from
N corner of Mlsison and Second, XE 112 by BE
lfiO; 15660.
■*m» CAM. CAI-ETTDAR.
June, 1898.
Mo
m.
_
2
Moon's Phasm.
i
11
IS
25
©i'ull Moon.
June 4.
16
lil
33
au
fKfL.nn'. Quarter.
-'■ Jane 10.
X2i New Moon,
W June 18.
(Juan
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Watprs at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th? high "and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point;
the height of tide Is tha same at both places.
JUNE— VS'JS.
Sunday. June 12.
t ! Time
rises *:tz
sets. 7 :87
in rises 0:25 a. m.
rime Feet Tllne Feet IllE£ Feet Time F9et
L, \V jH W C W H W
Feet M^i?*! Feet
H W
121 0:1!! ?.U 6:301
13 l:30| 1.6 7:491
14 2:24 1 12 :':O2
15 1 3:111 0.- 10:06
I*l • 3:561 0.3.' 11:01
IT! 433 —oil U:. : U
IS! 6:11 .i.4t 12:33
3.9 1 l:(Of
3.9! 12: 4." I
3.9 1 ]:Wil
4.0: 2:211
4.11 3:1)2
4 3 3:4«
4.3 1 4:33
1.6! H:4(.'
2.2 7:27
20 B:'T
2.9| 8:45
3.1' !):2UJ
3.21 9:94 1
3.4| !t):2B|
6.4
i'.fi
5.7
o.S
68
6."
6.7
NOTE —In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides arc gi%-en in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as .o time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
given are additions to the soundlnes on the
united State? Coast Survey charts, except
■when a minu sign (— ) precedeo the helghth.
and then the number {riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. l'he Diane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMKU!* TO ARKIVR.
n einnuiou
Commoia
Coos Bay ;
Empire.........
Curacao.
1ndiana.:.... ...
Mined a
Pomona I
Chilkat
Burma .........
Stated Gai
Crescent City..
Mackinaw
Homer
Umatilla. .. ..
'Arcata:.*.. ...'...*
Orizaba ....:
Washtenaw
8ri5t01..........
Orecon... ......
Santa Ros-.i — .
San Jnan. ......
Newport.......
North Fora. —
I Departure Bay Jne 13
Portiana.. jne 12
j Newport Jne 12
! Coos bay- Jne 13
Mexico Jne 13
Seattle Jne 13
Comox Jne 18
San Die? 0..... 'Jne U
Eel River |Jne 14
Nanaimo • Jne It
Portland.. Jne 15
Crescent Cltr - Jne l.">
Tacoma... Jne 15
Newnorr ...: Jne 16
! Victoria & Pucet Sna Jne lri
Coos Bay... Jne IS
|>lumr>olOt Jne 17
Tac0ma....... ;..;.. ...;:. Jne 17
Comox. .............; Jne IT
:Portlancl Jne 13
j«anDi»ro Jne IS
Panama „.... Jne 18
Panama.... Jne 18
' Humooun .... .. jne Ij
STEAM BUS TO SAIL.
(STEAMER. I
ATIOV
Sails.
I
n;i Rosa
rtn Fork
I San Dieiro ... I June IS. 11 am Pier 11
Hnmboldt ... June I 1!.I 1 !. Bam Pier 2
Humbot 1t .... | June is. 10 am Pier »
Portlana. .... June U. 10 am t»ier 12
A1a5ka ........ June
Newport.;. — Junn U. •' >v Pier 11
Oregon Ports June It. 10 am Pier 8
Alaska. .. .... I June U. p>i Pier 3
Vie & Psrt Snd i June 15. lti am ; Pier M
Sydney ......'. Jvrtie 15.' 2 pji I Pier 7
San Diero.... June lti. 11 am Pier 11
Humboldt June W. am HierlS
P0rt1and....... June 17. lv am Pier 13
Newport..... June I- 1 . 9am Pter 11
Mexico.."..'..:. June IS. Hi am Pier 9
China&Japan. June I- 1 . 1 pmiPM S9'
UoosHav.. ... Jnnelß. tPMIPMT i'
Portland.. ... iJuue 1 10 am! Pier. 13
Vie & Pgrt Sno June 20. 10 am i«r "
! Panama....... Jnne:o. la MiPM S3
zaba.. ..
iieyeiana..
;oo?. B;tv..
Hilton ..
lumOoldt..
■Vall.i Wlla
loana
'0m0na....
Ihlikat....
Slate of Cal
lomer
Juraeao . . .
Jelslo.
ircata.:.'.;
)repon
Imatilla.. .
■an Juan .
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to rationality and
free of expense.
Navlsator.j are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete rets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are ker>t on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation all matters
of lntorept to ocean commerce.
The tlmeball on top of the building on Vele
graph Hill Is hoisted ahout ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th r:erldlan.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar«
"a "notice 'stating whether the timeball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if an}, is
published the same day by the afternoon ' P*r«ra
and by the morning- papers the fe. lowing day.
C. P. WRI.CH. Ensign. XT. S. X.. in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Jun«
11 18*^8
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. p.. at nooon of the
l?Oth meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. C. P. WELCH,
Ensign. U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, June 11.
Stmr George Loomts. Bridgett, 34 hours from
Ventura. Up river direct. . _
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. 19 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 45 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace. 61% hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound.
Stmr Ohio, Boggs, 60 hours from Seattle. -
smr Whltesboro. Johnson, 13 hours from
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre, 114 hours from Port
land.
Greenwood. _, •
«tmr Ruth. Strand/ EG hours from TillainoolC
Bay. - x .
Ship Spartan, Polite, 6 days from Seatle.
. r.ktn Monitor, Turloff, 90 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Sehr Del Norte, Jacobsen, 2V4 days from
Rogue River. _,
Schr Laura Pike. Johnson, B days from TUla
mook Bay.
Schr Francis Alice, Wallstedt. 18 day» iron*
Panloff Harbor, via Pirate Cove.
CLEARED. if. r : "
Saturday. Jon* 11.
Br stmr Nlngehow, Gross, Nanaimo; Balfour*
Guthrie & Co. , _ -^
Nor stmr Titania. Egeness, Nanaimo: Jobs
Rosenf eld's Sons. - „
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Dlegoi
Goodall, Perkins & Co. .', jr-
Stmr St Paul., Hays, 8t Michael: Alas Mfc
Commericfal Co. • ■!_
Stmr North Fort! Bash, Eureka; Charted
Nelson. • . ' ■-"Ij
Stmr Leelanaw. Stoors, St Michael: Alaska
Exploration Co. __
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox; Pa
cific Imp Co. _ ■
Tug Rescue, Astoria, with Btmr Jam«» X>v*
In tow; Alaska-Yukon Transportation Co.
Schr Eva; Klltgaard, Tacoma; Charles N«*-
SOB.
BAILED.
Saturday, Juu» 11.
Ptmr Oregon, Banks, Astoria.
Btmr Scotia. Hansen. Eureka. ■■.<* i-
Stmr We«=tport. Peterson.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson.
Nor stmr Titanta. Egenes, Xanaftna.
Br stmr Ningshow, Cross. Nanaimo.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, St Michael. <
Stmr Lelanaw, Storrs. St Michael. .
Ship Aryan, Dickinson, Honolulu.
Schr C H Merchant. Olsen, Fort Bra*"* .
Rchr Gotoma, Derrick. Coos Bay. >
i ' Schr Conflanza, Jensen, Coqullle Rtra*.
Schr Abhle. Hanson, Caspar.
Schr .T G "Wall, BJornstrom. Albion. ■
Schr Berwick, Anderson, Coqullle River.
Schr Kate and Anna. Anderson, otter bunt*
Ing.
Schr Fire Brothers, Jensen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
! POINT LOBOS, June 11— p. m.— Wtath«i*
foggy; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
June s— Lat 4S S, long 22 "W. Ft bark Mar
guerite Mellnos, hence March 14, for Queens
town.
June s— Lat 49 N. long 16 W, Br ship Ver
bena, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HAVRE— June ]0-Br bark Heathbank from
San Francisco Jan 11. reports on February 29
in a heavy trale rerclv»d various damages about
the deck and shifted cargo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 10— Stmr Indiana, tor
San Francisco; stmrs Excelsior and Alliance,
for St Michael; T" S stmr Wheeling, for .
TACOMA— Arrived June 10— Br ship Dnn
boyne, from Victoria.
TATO< . H— Passed June 10— Stmr Geo W El
der, from Astoria, for Port Townsend.
PORT ANGELES— SaiIed June 10— Ship J B
Brown, for Ran Fran< ■'.■
In port June 11— Br bark Dominion, from Ta
coma, for Sydney.
PORT TOWXSEND— Arrived June 11— Schr
W F Wltzeman, from Dutch Karbor; ship
America, from KarK'k; Br bark Port Carlisle,
from Shanghai.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed June 11— U S stmr Mon
terev. for Honolulu.
NEWPORT- Sailed June 11— Schr Sailor Boy,
for Port Townsend.
ALBlON— Palled June 11— Stmr Cleone, for
San Fi-ancisco.
TATOOSH— Passed June 11— Br stmr Bristol,
hence June 7. for Nanaimo.
PORT GAMBLE- Arrived June 11— Schr Ethel
Zaive. from San Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arived June 11— Stmr Excelsior,
fr^m Seattle.
Sailed June 11— Stmr Albion, for St Michael.
NEWPORT— Arived June 11— Stmr Hueneme.
from Eureka.
SOfTH BEND— Sailed June 11— Bktn Tarn o*
Shanter, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 11— Bktn Ska
git, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 11— StmrKadiak, frn
Karluk.
Sailed Juno 11— Ship Eclipse, for San Fran
cisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 11— Schr Lucy, for
Umpua; stmr Jewel, for .
FOREIGN PORTS.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed June 11— Stmr Alameda,
for San Francisco.
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived May «— Schr A»
taea, from New York, for San Francisco.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^^ Steamers leave Broadway
lwtVi Wl whan, San Francisco.
w|^hv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
HHffr^Bfffr June 5, 10 15. 20. 25, 30 - July 5,
: IKIKIK^ transfer at Seattle.
§B*3sSsJSft! For Alaskan ports (from
li^Cdfllil Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
ir^^BS Hfi un 6, 26. July 17, August 4,
25. transfer at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
m., June 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, July 5, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
this company's steamers for Alaska and G. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver <
with C. P.-Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..,
June 1, 7. 13, 19, 25. July 1, and every rtxtl* .
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cavii'vm, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). j
Gavtota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Huenezne. ;
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and :
Newport, 9 a. m.. June 2. 6. 10, 14. IS. 22, 26, SO, ,
July 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hart- I
ford (San Luis ObiFpo), Santa Barbara. Port j
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., June 4. S, 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. July 2. and !
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (ilex.), 10 a. m., Juno 17.
July 2.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
apri .its of paillne.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgom«rj|
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. A»ts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-stre<!t Wharf at 10 a. m.
C*DC SI2 First Class Including Bert*
rHfIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
BCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June S. 14, 23
State of California June 8. 17. 29
Oregon June 11, 20, 29
St. Paul $16 00iSt. Louis J32 00
Kansas City .... 26 00; Chicago 27 51
Omaha 26 001 New York 3104
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market it. S
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
PHUajlO&l£3 The S. .S. MOANA'
'3E|fiHlL Bat)s via Honolulu and
[•£»™ a Auckland for Sydney
Wl™^—.^W 1 ™^—.^ Wednesday. June 16.
Tv'lXi*^ at 2 p. m. '-
J The sailing for Hono-
CylUlliUlNr' lulu June 29 is can-
/KmR/iniUceled.
lyilifflJlt^- Line to COOLGAR-
DIE, Australia, and CAPE TOWN, South
A j rl< SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
. 114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco,
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North »-^
i River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <j£j*7"Ps
by this line - avoid both transit by •2* - *jKt i*Vj»
i English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
I Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first-class, $160;
I second-class. $116.
LA GASCOGNB June 18. 10 a. m.
! LA BRKTAGNE .....June 25. 10 a. m.
I LA 80URG0GNE... ........ ....Ju1y, 2 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE.. July 9. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE.. .....July 16. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to '.:.
COMPAGNIE ' GENERALE TRANSATLAN.
: TIQUE. Agent, .
No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., ; San Francisco. . '
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Mo«ticello."
Mon., Tues. Wed., Thurs.* and Sat ..;.
9:45 a. m.. 3:16 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Th'um >
Fridays l p. m. and 8:30 p. ml
Sunday* 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. ml
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier lT^
Telephone Red 22U.BOY'S AND GIRL'S PAGE.
WHAT THE GIRLS DID
FOR THEIR NATIVE LAND
™ rpHE 3 o'clock gong had sounded.
I Scarcely five minutes had elapsed
I before the pupils of the Jefferson
.1 High School came Hooding
through the broad gateways.
Boys and girls gathered together in
excited groups, discussing the one
theme of the day —
.One group in particular would have
excited the curiosity of a passer-by. It
was composed of about ten boys and
girls going down the highway that led
past the mill. "I say, fellows," said
Jack Summers, one of the merriest of
the group, "wouldn't it be a huge joke
If we all arrayed ourselves in flags and
the trappings of war and made a raid
on the Peraltas' farm? They are Span
ish and I suppose are helping their
countrymen."
• "That's great, Jack," cried Larry
Brently. "Let the girls join in, too;
they can carry broomsticks and wear
fantastic dresses, while we can bring
our rifles. What do you say, girls?"
All the girls voted the plan a good
one and said that they would join in
if no harm was done.
"I think it is a fine plan," -said Del
phine Graham, "and I am sure we will
all join in if you boys promise to do
nothing wild. But what is the mat
ter, Mercedes? You have not said a
■word. Do you not consider Jack's plan
a novel one?"
The girl she addressed was on the
outside of the group. She was tall and
thin. Her face was striking. The
features were irregular, but every line
seemed to indicate a strong and noble
nature.
Her blue-gray eyes were now flash-
Ing in angry scorn. She had been look
ing directly ahead, but when her com
panions addressed her she turned and
facing them, she said, angrily:
•"I consider the whole affair infa
mous, and I am surprised that you
F girls should echo the sentiments of
Jack Sommers. what have the Per
altas got to do with the treachery of
Spain? Are not the Peralta boys as
much American as we are? It is true
their parents were born in Spain, but
they have reared their children to be
patriotic men and women. Why, it
ivas only last night that father told me
that Juan, Jose and Rudolph Peralta
have enlisted in the First Company of
Volunteers."
A suppressed murmur rose' as she
paused to draw breath. She began
again presently, her voice trembling
with emotion.
"Futhermore, my father said that he
met old Arguella Peralta yesterday and
he asked him if the report about his
sons was true."
"Yes," answered the old man, "my
boys have enlisted in the American
army and I am proud of it. I would
sooner see my three boys laid in
the old churchyard on the hill than
have them prove unpatriotic cowards.
They were born Americans and as
such I have reared them. lam a Span
lard, but I am proud of niy American
sons-."
There was silence tor a few minutes
after this vehement outburst. Jack
Bommers smothered a lump in his throat
and, turning a shame-faced counte
nance to Mercedes, he said:
R"I am sorry I spoke so hastily, Mer
cedes. Believe me, I did not look at the
matter in a rational light. Moreover, I
thank you for telling us that now, in
stead of making war upon them, I
think it would be a good idea to sere
nade them some night before the boys
leave."
This plan was unanimously agreed
to, Mercedes volunteering her services
as violinist.'
"It i:- too bad you are not a boy, Mer
cedes. You would m.ike a fine general
in the war with all that fire and spirit.
It is distressing to see such martial
THE BUMPKINS LISTEN TO THE DUDE AND DRUM THE LANDLADY AND HER BILL OUT OF CAMP AS A WAR MEASURE.
spirit wasted," said Larry Brently,
with sarcastic intonation.
"I do not see that my martial spirit,
as you term it, is wasted," said Mer
cedes, haughtily. "If I were a man my
highest ambition would be to defend
my flag from ignominious insult, but
since I have the misfortune, as you
seem to consider it, to be a girl, I will
do my share with my father's permis
sion. I will go to the war as a nurse."
Shouts of applause greeted this vehe
ment outburst, but Larry, not In the
least disconcerted, said:
"It is cheap enough to talk. Girls
can't do anything else. Now, we fel
lows can be drafted in case of neces-
THE OFFICER.
BEHOLD, I am the officer, bound
for far-off Manila.
The Spaniards there will surely find
I am no feather pillow.
For when they sec me wave my sword
they'll know the-e is a risk O,
In waiting for the chnrge made by the
boys from San Francisco.
sity. As to you girls doing anything,
that remains to be seen."
"Does it!" exclaimed Edwina Dalton
in tones of angry denunciation, "well,
then, La/ry Brently. we will prove to
you that girls can do more than talk."
ter this the group separated, the
boys ijuite elated at Larry's fine speech,
as they considered it. the girl?, fuming
inwardly at the ungallant remarks.
A few days after Mercedes Clinton
called her girl friends together at recess
and ' devulged to them the following
plan:
"Girls," she began, "it is only six
days ago since Larry Brently dared to
say that prir'.s were good for gossip
only. I was deeply pained at his words,
a' d since then I have been planning to
prove that girls are not martial in
words only, but in spirits also.
"You al! know that the President has
said that no women shall go to the
front as nurses, s*o that cuts us off
there, but what do you say to forming
a club of girls only; we will call it the
Maine Club. We will then secure tal
ent for an entertainment, charging 50
cents for admission, for the benefit "f
r supply fund. We will work in
r, only the talent we secure 'and a
few of the leading citizens who will
help us will know who we are.
"Of course the entertainment will be
composed of a farce, "patriotic anthems,
tableaux and address*-?. Attached to
the tickets we will have subscription
blanks, and after the show is over we
will ask people to subscribe according
to the value they set upon the per
formance."
fries of delight greeted this proposi
tion. Mercedes was chosen president
of the Maine Club, which was com
posed of twelve girls "who could keep a
secret.
THE SAN FBANOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
Soon the tickets were printed an(J for
sale In all the stores.
People's curiosity was aroused. They
wondered who the members of the
Maine Club were. They bought tickets
out of mere curiosity.
One day Mr. Wesley, principal of the
Jefferson High School, who was also
in the secret, ordered all the to
appear in the assembly hall, when they
were seated and he rose and said: "I
have here a communication from the
president of the Maine Club, who de
sires me to read It to the whole school."
Mr. Wesley— Dear Sir: I, as president
of the Maine Club, write to ask you if
you will kindly distribute this bundle of
tickets among the pupils of your school.
It is for a noble cause, and I trust that
the pupils will respond accordingly. We
do not wish to be k*awn at present. Hop
ing to receive a favorable answer, I re
main yours truly,
PRESIDENT OF MAINE CLUB.
Enthusiasm ran high after the read
ing of this letter, and not one pupil
took less than five tickets to sell. The
members of the Maine Club smiled
knowingly when Larry Brently volun
teered to sell twenty tickets.
It was the night of the entertain
ment, the old town hall was resplen
dent in flags and bunting.
The entertainment went off glori
ously, and before the national hymn,
"America," was sung by the audience
twelve girls with regalias of red. white
and blue appeared upon the stage.
THE CAVALRYMAN.
UPON my hobby horse I'll go as
one of the rough riders;
Our troops across the battlefield will
run as fast as spiders.
We'll fight all day, we'll fipht all night
and never sleep in tent. O.
No sleepy heads are there among the
corps from Sacramento.
Mercedes Clinton carried a banner,
which she unfurled, upon which was
written in letters of gold, "MAINE
CLUB."
Great were the cries of the audience,
and the old town hall fairly rocked
from the effects of the tremendous din.
After the noise had subsided Mer
cedes made known the reason for the
subscription tags attached to each
ticket.
It 1b needless to say that the dona
tions were generous, for when the re
ceipts were counted it was found that
they had made a clear profit of nine
hundred dollars.
The next morning Larry Brently
came forward and apologized hand
somely to the girls for the insulting
remark of the week before.
The Maine Club still thrives, b**" its
membership has increased to sixty
girls. They did not end their good
work that night. It is their intention
to knit socks and make shirts for the
brave boys in blue who may need them
sadly before the war is over.
MAGGIE CLANCY.
Little Frnncis Lee Lloyd of Berkeley,
aged 7 years, has written a war story.
Francis is a young kinsman of General
Fltzhush Lee.
HEROIC BEAUTY AND HER
PERILOUS ADVENTURE
BEAUTY, she who by love was able
to transform the unfortunate
Beast Into his proper shape of a
Prince, he having been made a
beast by witchcraft, heard that
there were, in a cave, surrounded by the
dreadful fastness of the Thorny For
est, two young princesses, who had been
turned Into wolves by a bad fairy. As
soon as she heard this she went to an
old Wizard who dwelt in a hut under
a charmed linden and asked him what
she could do to save the young girls
from their unhappy plight.
"Child," said the Wizard, "you know
not what you ask; to save them you
must go alone over a perilous path
way, beset with so many dangers that
the stoutest-hearted man might be ex
cused for turning back In fear. I love
your prince, so that I must tell him,
and he will save you from the danger
you have already Invited, for I see that
the bad fairy is now angry with you."
Beauty answered In a firm voice:
"What you can say cannot frighten me.
If I can save them that will I do. No
less would repay the debt I owe for my
own happiness."
"But you will lose your life and with
that dreadful happening will go out the
hapT'im-ss of the Prince, whom you love
so dearly."
"Wi«ard, say no more. lam not to
be moved. All that I dared to save
the Beast, bo much will I now dare for
these helpless ones, for a light breaks
ever me — that they can be saved only
by a young srirl. and that I am the one
for whose coming they have so long
hopefully waited."
"Wise and brave girl, you have read
THE INFANTRY.
(f^UR rifles all are ready and our bay-
onets are flashing
Shoulder to shoulder, on we march
to the dons a thrashing.
And will we ever be defeated, gallant
boys? I guess no.
Defeat is not the sort of game played
by the boys of Fresno.
the secrets of magic, truly; and I see
that you are the favored one of fnte;
but I also love the Prince and my duty
t > him is to see that you do. not go upon
this journey, which he, with frequent
tparj; and with great distress, h;is fore
seen. My advice to you is, to think of
this no more."
Forth went Beauty without another
word, but the Wizard read her rniml
and knew that she would go on h^r t-r
rand of mercy. She tarried not, nor
returned to the palace of the Prince, but
turned into a dreary wood, which
she had been forbidden by the Prince
to visit.
Her heart told her truly that this was
the way she must go. She "passed
through a little wicket gate that shut
behind her with a loud clang. At the
same time a voice told her:
"Never more alive shall you pass this
way until you have met with success.
You are now In the land of the bafl
Fairy, who Is proud of her name. By
all acts will she try to deceive you. Be
ware and farewell."
Beauty looked backward and saw
her Prince standing near the wicket
Kate and his tears flowed so fast and
his voice was raised In such piteous
entreaty that had she been less bravn
she would have turned back. But sh»
only cried out, "Fart-well for a tima,
sweetheart; and if It be forever, then
forever think of me, your dear
Beauty."
"Farewell, my love," the Prince ans
wered, as well as he could, his voie»
being broken by sobs. "If I can find
the way I will follow you."
"Be brave, be brave." With these
parting words Beauty disappeared as
Fhe passed around the turn of the path,
and even her voice was lost to the
Prince. And now he broke out in fresh
lamentations, every accent of which
was borre to Beauty, while the Prince
was not able to hear one word of con
solation which she spoke. This was a
part of the wickedness of the bad fairy,
who hoped to dishearten Beauty. The
words Beauty spoke were mocked by
the bad fairy, and the Prince thought
that he heard Beauty say cruelly:
"Alas, I see now. in this wood, that I
have wasted my time and love, for here
is a paradise from which you have long
and cruelly kept me away."
So the Prince's heart bled afresh, and
had it not been that he was so true, so
brave and so kind, he would have
thmieht that Beauty had suddenly be
come unworthy of hid great love. But
he was wise as well as brave, and he
thought truly that this wn/s not Beauty
who was speakiner so. Long, long dayfl
passed before he knew whether he
could be happy more. Long clays and
long nights he wept for the loss of
Beauty, for his fears told him that he
would never see her more.
Day after day he asked the "Wizard
to show him how to pass through the
wicket gate by the path which Beauty
THE ARTILLERY.
jp? ANG, bar^! Just hear our cannons
W-*' • now! They make a noise like
thunder,
And all the Spanish soldier chaps had
better stand from under.
Old Mother Spain will nib her eyes and
find that not mu:h she knows
When she sets up her men to fight the
bold Los Angeknos!
had taken. Day after day he threw
himself against the pate, bruising him
self sadly in his attempts to break in.
He heard mocking laughter and raged
the more. At times he called aloud the
name of Beauty. No answer came
back except echoes. Only one day a
cruel message came to him, "Beauty Is
dead for her folly." From that time he
would not be comforted.
But brave Beauty was not dead. She
walked through the wilderness until
her feet were sore and bleeding. She
found no lack of berries to eat, for the
cruel, bad fairy had it in mind to per
mit Beauty to tire herself out and get
co discouraged that she would be will
ing to turn back. Around her were
strange noises to lure her on. She fan
cied that she heard the voices of the
unfortunate Princesses calling to her
and almost ran. -Then her heart sank
as she heard a mocking laugh that she
had learned too well, and she knew that
the bad fairy was watching and mak
ing fun of her. Even the voices of the
fierce eagles in the forest, who fre
quently swooped down and threatened
to tear her hands and face with sharp
beak and talons, had the voice of the
bad fairy. Then Beauty would hear
the sound as of a great waterfall, and
the earth would tremble under her feet.
She would start back in terror, only to
hear once more that mocking laugh.
Hour after hour, pursuing her weary
way, ready to fall with fatigue, but too
alarmed by shrieks, howls and other
terrifying noises to dare to sleep, what
was her bitter grief and chagrin and
sense of defeat when she came to the
very gate from which she had started,
and knew that the wicked fairy had led
her in a huge circle, so large that she
had never guessed Its curves. So she
had done all this for nothing, and she
might pass many days this way and
not accomplish her end. She was too
brave to try to open the gate. So long
as she lived she would not turn back.
Was her Prince near? She rested a lit
tle and then moved wearily on.
Soon her brain began to imagine that
strange shapes were in the way, and
they had ah appearance of reality.
Lions were crouched, ready to spring
upon her; tigers lashed their tails fur
iously from side to side; serpents of
huge size hung from trees across her
pathway and sought, with rapid move
ment, to inflict death upon her, and she
could not help thinking how terrible it
would be to be wrapped about by their
icy fold, and to be slowly crushed to
death. Who could blame Beauty that
she sobbed?
She lay down upon a couch of thorns
and tried to sleep. Hardly had she
The Washoe Indian's Story
ME ketch 'era coyote one day in trap,
Heap cross, he coyote go snap, snap, snap.
He no like old woman; he no like 'em me.
He like 'em dead squirrel heap better — you sec?
Little boy he go pat him — coyote heap glad; —
Mahali go feed him: he get very mad.
One day little boy break 'em chain — yes, he do-
Coyote run 'way — little boy he run, too.
Coyote he catch 'em jack rabbit one day.
Little boy he can eat 'em, coyote he say.
Little boy he heap sabbe, coyote heap good.
He take 'em to mountain; they hunt him in wood,
Mahali heap sorry little boy run away.
Me hunt 'em in sagebrush: me find where he staj*
Me go up in mountains, coyote he know —
He make little boy run away in 'em snow.
Heap cold in 'em snow— little boy get heap cold.
Me call 'em, he hide him — he know me heap scold.
Me find 'em by'm by — little boy he in bed.
Me take 'em down home— little boy, he all dead.
closed her eyes when soft musio
aroused her. Softer was the strain
she heard than the west wind when it
sets all the fiery harebells to ringing;
softer and sweeter than the bird that
sings its love song over its little bird
lings, alseep in their downy nest un
der the shadow of the flowering thorn.
Beauty was wide awake in an instant.
"Beauty, Beauty," said a soft voice.
"What would you?"
"Here are the Princesses whom you
have come to seek. "Wake while the
bad fairy sleeps, for she thinks that
you are dreaming. One moment only
we have to tell you what to do. Then
we will be lost if you do not hear and
attend to what we say.
"Follow the path no more, but boldly
plunge into the briers. You will come
to a lodge. There be bold."
Beauty felt comforted and slept
soundly. When she awoke she plunged
boldly in among the briers, where there
was no path, just as she had been di
rected to do. She had many times to
creep upon her hands and knees and
the briers tore her flesh cruelly. When
the bad fairy saw that Beauty would
not be turned back, she allowed the
briers to bo set aside that the girl
might the sooner reach the lodge where
her courage would be tried to its ut
termost.
The keeper of the lodge, a wrinkled
and weazened little man. let her pass
through the gate and into a large gar
den without any objection. She was
not alone. Before her stood a man
who had a sword and he said in a sol
emn tone of voice: "I am Bluebeard
the Second, and it is my joy to cut oft
young girla' heads. When I have cut
off ten I will be free to go hence from
this prison yard."
"And how many have you cut off no
far?"
"Nine."
"And mine Is—"
"Yours is the tenth."
"Is there no way for me to escape V
"One only. Give up your Idea of
saving the Princesses from their fate
and the bad fairy will even yet forgive
you for your daring."
Now Beauty was bright, and when
she heard this she knew that the course
she had taken had already won a par
tial victory over the bad fairy. a nd sno
said in a firm and bold voice:
"I will never give up the struggle
until the sisters are released and
happy."
Bluebeard whirled his sword rapidly
around his head and stepped forward
to seize Beauty by her hair. Beauty
screamed with fear, for the keen blade
of the sword came so near to her that
she could feel the wind as it passed.
It was as sharp as a razor and hissed
dreadfully.
Beauty was nimble and managed to
dodge the sword, but Bluebeard over
took her so nearly that he almost had
her by the hair when he caught his
foot In a vine, and he fell.
Before Bluebeard could rise Beauty
had th.c sword, which flew from his
hand.
"Mercy, mercy," begged the mon
ster.
"On one condition; be my slave and
do as I bid."
"The bad fairy will kill m« If I do."
"March," commanded Beauty. The
monster cowered and obeyed.
He led the way to the entrance of a
cave. Forth from the cave rushed two
wolves, their jaws dripping with foam,
their throata sending out hoarse
threats.
The monster grinned horribly, for he
thought that Beauty would turn back
affrighted, and that so she would be
defeated, and the wolves would tear
her In pieces. Look at her as she
stands there! She shows no fear, but
waits for the wolves, which bound to
ward her rapidly with great leaps.
And now they are bo near that she
looks into their eyes and feels their
hot breath. She paused not a second;
as they came within reach she struck
at them with the sharp sword, and the
heads of both roll in the dust. In the
place of the two wolves stand the two
Princesses.
A voice sang through the woods
"Behold, how love has again won the
day; the victory is with Beauty, who
feared not Bluebeard nor feared fierce
wolves, when she was led on by un
selfish love to save the sisters even as
she fj 'ed the Prince."
At vie menti6n of the Prlnoe the
gates of the horrible wilderness were
thrown open and the Prince, ever
faithful, walked bo-ldly in and was led
to where Beauty stood. They went
out of the place together, and as the
gate could never be closed again, the
forest was soon destroyed by order of
the Prince and the power of the bad
fairy departed at the same time.
Neither the bad fairy nor Bluebeard
has ever been seen since.
The Stars and Stripes o'er proud Ha
vana's walls.
By Cuba's ensign shall In triumph wave.
For Freedom ne'er is deaf when duty
calls
Her sons the downcast ones to save.
LIZZIE E. PURRINGTON.
3132
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones.
Rev. E. A. Woods
Lry of the
services at
g and What
with
for.
• - ,
German Baptist. Seventeenth and
Rev. H. L. Dleti
ion by the pastor, followed
exercises. Evening— Sermon.
by
n Square Baptist, Post street.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
iornlng— "Christ Our Strength."
—"True Patriotism."
St. Agnes Church, west side of 1
avenue, from Page" to Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Klrby
Morning— High mass and sermon by the
pastor. Evening— Vespers, benediction
and sermon on the Gospel of the day.
St. Charles Borromeo.
Fhotwell streets.
Eighteenth
Father P. J. Cummins
services and sermon on
Evening— Vespers and ser-
the
mon.
St. Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Father Nugent
tornlng— High mass and special services in
commemoration of Corpus Christi. Even-
ing—Vespers and benediction.
St. Brigtd's, Van Ness avenue and
way.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl, Alemany
Croke streets.
Father Cottle
Saleslan Fathers
[orning— High mass and special services In
honor of the day. Evening— Vespers.
[orning— Solemn high mass and special ex-
ercises In honor of the Patronal- Feast of
Corpus Chrlstl. Evening— Vespers, bene-
diction, and procession of the blessed
sacrament.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and
streets.
Father Cummlng*s
[orning- High mnss and sermon. Evening
—Benediction and vespers.
Holy Cross, Scott and Eddy streets.
Father McGlnty
lornlng— Solemn high mass In honor of the
feast of Corpus Christi. Evening— Ves-
pers and benediction.
Bt. Dominic's. Stelner and Bush streets.
Father J. Pious
high mass. Evening— Ves-
pers.
St. Francis. VaJlejo street and
avenue.
Father Carraher
Morning— Solemn high mass and sermon.
Evening— Vespers and benediction.
All Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N
Father P. A. Foley
and the solemnization of
ning— Vespers, benediction
high mass,
and sermon.
t. Ignatius, Van Neas avenue and I
street.
Jesuit Fathers.
[orning— Solemn high mass at 10:30 o'clock;
sermon by Rev. Father Butler. Evening-
Solemn high vespers, followed by a pro-
cession of the blessed sacrament Instead
of a sermon.
St. James,
streets.
Twenty- third and
Father P. R. Lynch
lorning— Special services In honor of the
feast of Corpus Christi. Evening— Vespers
and benediction.
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
Father P." 8 can] an '
[orning— Solemn high mass and sermon at
10:30 o'clock. Evening — Vespers.
t. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness
and O'Farrell street.
Father Prenderg;a*t, V. G
lorning — Commencement of forty hours' de-
votion at the solemn high mass at 11
o'clock; sermon and procession in honor
of the feast of Corpus Christi. Evening —
Vespers and benediction.
■■■■;■-.
Mary's, California and Dupont
Panllst Fathers
lorning — Sermon by Rev. Father Nounan
of New York. Evening— Vespers and ben-
ediction.
St. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third.
Father Gray
-Solemn services in eommemora-
Corpus Christi. Evening — Vespers,
tlon and a sermon.
St. Paul's,
streets.
Twenty- ninth
and
Father Connolly
pmn high mass and sermon,
'espers and benediction.
St. Peter and Paul's, Filbert and
streets.
SsJesian Fathers
emn high mass and sermon,
'espers.
St. Peter's. Alabama street, near
fourth.
Secular Clerjy
in services In honor of Cor-
Eventng— Vespers and bene-
fit. Rose, Brannan street, near Fourth.
high mass and sermon,
s and benediction.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue, near
Lobos.
St. Teresa's, Tennessee and Butte si
Father Coyle
mass and sermon at 11
ng— Vespers.
Father Browne
ing-
;— High mass at 10:50 o'clock. Even-
'espers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton.
Marl s t Fathers
-Ilgh mass and sermon at 11
Evening— Sermon and vespers.
o'
Camp Merritt, Old
Track.
Bay District
Catholic Truth Society
[orning— The solemnization of mass at 7:30
o'clock and 10:30 o'clock. Evening— Ro-
sary and instruction at 7:30 o'clock.
'irst Christian,
streets.
Mission
and
Rev. F. S.
from "Short Cut." Even-
lopment of War, the Call
ing— "Th
of God. '
West Side Christian,
Ijevisauero.
Bush street.
Rev. W. A. Gardner „
"Right and Might." Evening—
"Old Glory" sermon. "Soul
Bethany Congregational, Twenty-fifth
licit dU'«ets.
Rev. W. C. Pond
lornlng — Divine service, the recital of
prayer, and sermon by the pastor. Even-
Ing—Sermon and prayer meeting.
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont
i.etir j. weiiti -lourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs
-"Now Set Tour Heart and Tcur
Seek the Lord Your God." Even-
eace and There Was No Peace."
ln K -"]
i.ichinond Congregational, Seventh a'
a..u vieineiu ktreet.
Rev. P. Coombe
s day exercises. Svenlng
foung Manhood."
— "Energy and
>'..■.• t Con<;rr£nUona!,
•\oc -UtrclS.
Seventeenth
Rev. H. T.
prmon by the Rev. W. H. ICo-
Evenlng— Sermon by Rev. F. P.
First Congregational, Post and Mason
Rev. G. C.
\ — 11 a. m., celebration of Children's
special exercises by the Sunday
and an address by the pastor.
ng— "The Camp vs. the Battlefield."
i h.rd congregational, Fifteenth street,
Rev. William Rader
ermon by the pastor,
and prayer meeting.
Evening
i ... .i, uin Cuiifc-regatlonal. Post street,
. »ter.
Rev. F. B. Cherington |
s day celebration. Even*
of Prayer."
(jJJu oamaritan
nt-dr ruisuui.
Mission, Second
Rev. W. I. Kip Jr
[orning— Sermon and prayer study. Even-
ing—Song service.
urace r;p»s«.opal Church, California
Rev. R. C. Foute
[orning— Communion service in commemo-
ration of Corpus Chrlstl. Evening— Ser-
?:.. n a:i-l ln:>tructlon.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street,
AiarKei.
Rev. J. A. Emery
service at 11 o'clock. Even-
St. Luk.»'b. Van Nam avenue and
street.
Rev. W. H. Moreland
lornlng — Communion at 8 o'clock; Sunday
school at 9:30 o'clock and morning prayer
by the rector at 11 o'clock. The North
Dakota Volunteers will be present and
listen to the address on "The Star Span-
gled Uanner." Evening— Sermon by Rev.
W. Shaw.
St. Corneltius Chapel, Presidio
Rev. D. O. Kelley
Morning— Special services for the soldiers,
i Evening— Sermon and religious exercises.
Bt. John's. Fifteenth street and Julian
nue.
Rev. E. B. Bpaldlng-
devotions and sermon,
and song service.
St. Mary the Virgin. Union
streets.
Rev. H. Parrtsh
ermon and Instruction. Evening
and vespers.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and
bert streets.
Rev. M. D. Wilson
Mornlntc— Communion services and special
I exercises. Evening— Sermon.
t, Paul's Episcopal, California street,
tween Fillmore and Sterner.
Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly
and divine service. Even--
Trinity Episcopal Church, Bush street,
(faugh.
Rev. H. E. Cooke
[orning— Communion at 7:30 o'clock; special
services and sermon.
First English Lutheran, Geary street.
Gouge.
Rev. E. Nelander
and instruction. Evening
ong service.
Bethel African M. E.. Powell street.
Jackson.
Rev. W. B. Anderson
-"A Willing Offering Unto the
Evening— "Cheerful Giving an Act
sing Worship to God."
Central Methodist.
Sixth.
Mission str»»i.
Rev. C. E.
.nnual Children's day exercises.
"It Takes a Man to Make a Sol-
r."
First M. E. Church, Powelt and
ton streets.
Rev. W. S. Unny
and
Bible
Instruction.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce
tion.
One* M. £.. Twenty-flrst and Capp
Rev. J. N. Beard
lornlng— Sermon at 11 o'clock by the pas-
tor; Sunday school at 12:45 p. m. Evening
-"Christianity and the Social Movement n
Howard Street M. E.. Howard street.
Second.
Rev. J. A. B.
ildren's day celebration. Even-
Supreme Crisis of Life."
ing-
Potrero U.
streets. i
£..
Tennease* and
Rev. D. W.
iomlnr—
-Bible
prayer.
-Sermon by the pastor. Evening;
instruction and the recital of
Methodist. Fourth avenue
•treat.
Her. a.
Morning— Services will be suspended for the
present owing to the existing saloon ele-
ment surrounding the church hall Sun-
day school will be held at 417V4 Fifth
avenue.
*:"; -■■
Blmpeon Memorial, Hayes and
streets.
Rev. J. Stephens
Safeguards of Youth."
Franklin 8treet Presbyterian, VsJleJo
Franklin street*.
Calvary Presbyterian. Geary and P<
street*.
Rev. D. Jamaa
ing-'
"The Children's Guide." Even-
le Humiliation of Christ."
Rev. J. Hemphill
lorning— Sermon by the pastor and special
services in honor of his return. Evenlnr
— Sermon by the pastor.
First Presbyterian, Van Nesa avenue
Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
n by the pastor. Evening—
>o to the Front and Men
the Stuff."
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth
and Railroad avenue.
Rev. H. N.
Deepest Motion."
Evening-
Mizpab Presbyterian. Harrison street.
Fifth.
P-*v. F. A. Doane
torning— Sabbath school at 9:30 o'clock, fol-
lowed by divine service, at 11 o'clock
Evening-Junior and senior branches of
the Christian EndPavorers at 6-45 o'clock
followed by religious exercises and a ser-
mon by the pastor at 7:45 o'clock
_ ■ • ■ r. : , ■ - \
/
Church, corner
Rer. F. R,
by the pastor. Evening—
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third.
Rer. W. E. Dugan
-Sermon and religious instruction
pastor at 11 o'clock. Afternoon—
school at 2 o'clock. Evening—
and song service.
Presbyterian, Twenty-second
streets.
Rer. A. M. Canon
Vestminster Presbyterian, Page and
ster streets.
Rev. 8. S. Cryor
day celebration. Even-
»v. J. Robertson. D.D..
t
Glasgow,
Welsh Presbyterian, Cambrian Hall.
Mission street.
Welsh Fraternity
[orning— Sabbath school. Evening— Special
services and sermon.
First United Presbyterian, Oolden
avenue and Polk street.
r. M. M. Gibson
n«;— 11 o'clock, divine service and re-
nis Instruction; 9:30 o'clock. Sunday
iol. Afternoon— 12:30 o'clock. Sunday
iol. Evening:— Sermon by the pastor
general religious exercises.
ng-— 10 o'clock. Sunday school, followed
llvine service and sermon.
. , :■ ■ : ■:•
,.■■.. ■ . ■ ■..■...■ ■ ■
First Unitarian,
streets. .
Franklin
and
Rev. H. Stebblns
by
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and
streets.
Bush Street Temple, Bush and I
streets.
Rev. J. A. Wells
instruction.
r and Sunday
Rabbi Myers
exercises by Dr. Myers.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223
ter street.
The Bible, 6ctence and Health, v.lth Key
to the Scriptures
Science Bible Lesson.
The First Divine Science Church. Maeo
M. B. Cramer «.»....
sermon and religious ex-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 12, 1898.
THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES
(Continued.)
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ,
320 Post street— C A Parkin—Morn
ing, "Be Strong In the Lord and in
the Power of His Might"; evening,
sermon by George S. Lincoln.
Universal Brotherhood (Theosophical So
ciety In America), Academy of Sci
ences Hall, 94S Market street— Mrs. V.
E. Walt— Afternoon, special services;
evening, "The American Lodge."
Salvation Army, Market street, near
Seventh— Lieutenant Colonel Evans-
Morning, prayer and song service;
evening, experiences related and the
praising of God.
T. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis Streets-
Rev. Charles E. Locke— 3 p. m., an
address by Dr. Locke on "America's
New Mission and Opportunity; or the
Real Meaning of the War." The ser
vices will be for both men and women.
Progressive Spiritualists, McAllister and
Larkln streets— Mrs. R. B. Llllie—
Morning, special experimental service;
evening, musical and spiritual service.
German Emmanuel Church, Twelfth and
Stevenson Htreets— Rev P. W. Fischer
- Morning, "Full Salvation in Christ";
evening, "Life Insurance."
PREPARING FOR THE
BIG IRISH FAIR
ENERGETIC WORK BEING DONE
BY COMMITTEES.
Special Commissioner Sent to Ireland.
Historical Buildings and
Scenes Prepared.
Remarkable Interest Is being manifest
ed in the proposed Irish Fair, which will
open at the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
20th of August. At a meeting In the
Occidental Hotel Friday evening repre
sentatives of both sexes were enthusias
tic In their efforts to make the affair a
grand success. Arrangements for booths
and other interesting attractions were
consummated, and Michael O'Donnell
was appointed a special commissioner to
Ireland. He will leave shortly for i
Queenstown, and will on his arrival at j
that port continue his journey to all the j
historical battlefields and famous places
In order to obtain relics, which are to be
raffled off at the fair. Bottles of water '
will be sent by him from Shannon, Kll- i
larney, Boyne and other famous streams !
to be used in making bottles of perfume, j
which will be disposed of at the fair.
John O'Leary, president of the '9S Cen
tenary Association of Ireland, will bo
asked to open the fair by cable, and
Commissioner O'Donnell will try and se
sure from Michael Davltt a blackthorn
to be raffled off for the benefit of Celtic
Hall.
From present Indications, Individuals
and societies will attend the fair from all
portions of the State, and the comfort !
of the visitors will be carefully looked
after by the management.
The Pavilion will be handsomely dec- {
orated for the occasion with flags, bunt- <
ing and paintings. The broad expanse of
floor space will be covered with buildings
and scenes dear to the heart of every one
who owes his birth to the land of sod
and familiar to the student of history.
Blarney Castle will rise toward the
dome of the hall, with ivy clinging to its i
turreted tower and battlemented walls. :
Irish lads and lassies will dance before <
It to the weird tunes of bagpipes. Pict- i
uresque Tara Hall will occupy an im
poriant position In the building, and its ;
noble proportions will be oeen to advan- i
tage. Besides the Bank of Ireland build- i
ing, Irish Houses of Parliament in Dub- !
lin, there will be a postoffice booth, Lim- !
erlck Race booth, a "Rocky Road to ■
Dublin," the Lakes of Killarney fishing
pond and other important attractions too I
numerous to mention.
In addition to these there will be Indus
trial and demonstrating booths and ex- !
hlbits made by local firms. Some brisk j
bidding for good positions will be done |
this week.
The fair will open on August 20 and '
close on September 10. It will be open to j
the public every day from 2 to 10:30 p. m., |
Sundays excepted. The proceeds will be j
devoted to the erection of a new hall
where. all the Irish societies may meet.
The Clarkson Jury Disagreed.
The Jury in the case of the Govern- (
ment against William Clarkson was j
brought in the United States District |
Court yesterday morning at- 10 o'clock |
and discharged, it having been unable to i
agree after an all night session. It !
stood six to six. Sympathy for the wife \
and children of the defendant had mucn !
to do with the disagreement. The case
will be retried soon.
Clarkson was foreman of the rolling de
partment of tho Mint, and was accused j
of stealing gold bullion therefrom ana ;
having it sold by Martin Eggers, a grocer,
and E. D. Carter, a blacksmith. He con- i
tradicted their testimony point blank.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
* + ♦ ♦ + + -f ■*• >>>>»»•
♦ -f
x "THE CREDIT HOUSE." _T
_. Six Stories High. . *
* " . . v^ : - - * ■♦■.
J: Large Willow Rocker; *
4 full roll arms and back, *
"♦■ basket seat, well shel- ♦
+ lacked ; a comfort on .^
4 warm days. ; ... $3.25 +
■ . ■. ■ ..- ■ ' Tj
■♦■ Metal Beds -are the most substantial 4;
+ as well as ornamental; enamel or brass. . +
•♦■ Enamel Beds, full: size, brass +
4- trimmings, iron throughout, including ■♦;
+ rails.... .........„.;..:... $2.75 ♦
■f '•; All-Brass Beds, very artistic. sls. 7s >
; y; .Solid Oak Dresser, with serpentine "*"■
.4 : top ; and front, fancy '■■ shaped '. French 1"^,
+ mirror, ornamented with neat carv- "♦■
.+ ing..;............ ..^.....i.:.....512.00 ♦
4" " . Full Spring ; Edge Couch, ; extra 4"
■♦■ wide, tufted top, upholstered incordu- "♦■
■¥ roy, movable \ hair pillow. . .. $10.50 +
"f-:.';- : :'■■■ ''''■" - '' ""' ; ■ .' ' : ' ■+
X Carpet Department. X
>■ ,> Art Squares are : quickly removed, +
easily cleaned, wear a r long time, ser- +
a viceable on either side; two ; hundred +
•■; patterns and fifty prices. -" ' a.
. Twelve patterns in the following : • +
+ ' ', ■ 9x9.'...-....;.;.52.75 +
a. 9x10Hf........ 3.25 : 4
J. " 9x12.......... 3.75.- . +
4. New invoice Moquetteßugs, 27x60, 3 4-
+ " handsome pattern5..; ...... . .. . 51.5.0 +
,--i" Free delivery In ■ Oakland, Alameda V.
>■ and Berkeley. ' "♦•
X M. FRIEDMAN & CO. X
X 233=235-237 Post Street. |
Open Evenings. . Near Stockton, v.
6 HALES.
WEATHER REPORT— Partly; cloudy Sunday; brisk westerly wind. -
Regular <wm mgm 500
22c WM M A Re^ ular
Bleached SpHn mm & 10c
Sh66tin^ gffi^^MMFKT'Sa IPiiili I . I ., I . )PII) Pillow
uu iiiiiuco MnHnTil rrffTßi - V^ tßm I BEwB mBSGM Bwßw flOKajkY uaicb|
jj . Six STORES IN'CALIFORNIA
Three sales this week at Hales.
A triple buying opportunity— Turning stocks into cash— Reducing
quantities— Forcing overstocked assortments to a speedy exit.
'Tis folly to pay high prices now or buy anything but the best.
SALB 2STO. X. '
JE|| Things for the Baby. |||l
n^rfMlH hurried inspection showed a crowded stockroom. A careful investigation j^ 1
"^rfT^f A) showed an "overstock." We figure that the demand will be supplied in a few ' fTO^
fjll months. We never carry goods over one season, so we planned this sale, Jl/l2*sW raii
slashed the prices, and out they'll go. You'll need them. Here's the list, U )^^
' Better come early. ' •— "*
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC LONG SLIPS-Embroidery
yoke embroidery ruffled neck and cuffs, full sleeves; OK
regular price 40c. Sale price ZuC
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC SLIPS, with checked Nain-
sook yoke, cambric ruffle all round, cambric ruffle onOCr"'
neck and sleeves; regular value 40c. Sale price
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC SLIPS, with fine tucked
yoke, embroidery ruffle running round, embroidery ruf-00/->
fled neck and cuffs; regular value 50c. Sale price JmtJ**
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC SLIPS, pleated and torchon
lace trimmed yoke," embroidery ruffle running , round, fS f\ / -»
embroidery ruffled neck and cuffs; were 75c. Sale price. .OUv
INFANTS' FINE SOFT - FINISHED CAMBRIC' SLIPS,
tucked, ruffled and embroidery trimmed yoke, insertion
and embroidery ruffled cuff, tucked and embroidery ruf-/>f\ / - >
fled bottom; regular value $1 25. Sale price : .V>«7w
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC LONG SKIRTS, 4 fine tucks
and a deep hem on bottom; regular value 45c. SaleOCT/-.
price ; ZOC
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
— : — ~~ — l ' sale NO. ii. r— — — ""— -^
%Mp A Clearing in Millinery. <tU|&
c^\ Ji%^ sa ' e or nree g ooc l reasons. First — Our millinery buyer is getting f Zr*i!ssy\ \
OJT\\ ready to go for three her purchasing tour. Her millinery buyer cleaned / *&M?W\ \
'\\ ready to go East on her purchasing tour. Her stock must be cleaned up \ W
/A l/I \ v before she goes. Second — The demand for summer hats is at its zenith faA \ \| J
1-V j\J now. The time to close them out is when people want them. Third— ln - » '
* order to buy we must have cash and low stocks. We cannot purchase in
• great quantity for cash if stocks are already big and slow to sell. Therefore L_ —
we quicken the selling turn goods into cash to buy again. It rebounds to your profit. Read the list :
TRIMMED SHORT-BACKED SAILORS and fancy dress Cl-75 HANDSOME LEGHORN FLATS, trimmed for rlris from CO 50
shapes, natty little creations at a clearing price <J> I 10 to 16 years. Clearing price *J>-*i
THE SHEPHERDESS chip and Panama . short-backed - _ ROUGH-AND-READY WALKING HATS, In black and
sailors, elegantly trimmed fancy chiffon velvet, CO-OO all colors, trimmed In velvet, chiffon and wings; just CO 50
flowers, aigrettes and wings. Clearing price. *3 to <J>V) the thlng for Btreet dresBea .- Clearing price............. <t>3s
SPLIT-STRAW SAILORS, in white, navy, brown, green Cl-2B
and black. Clearing price....... Q>l-— ! CUTE LITTLE POKES, daintily trimmed In chiffon, rib- Cl-75
THE i TALLY-HO. NEWPORT AND VASSAR SAILOR. Cl-OO bon. field daisies Or forget-me-nots. Clearing price.... OI —
In white and all colors. Clearing price CJJ I ~ ~~ ;.?'■:. tvfr
— This week we will clear out our entire line of flowers, fancy
CHILDREN'S HATS, fine Leghorn flats, trimmed In rib- <CI SO wings, aigrettes and ornaments at the very lowest clearing
bon and small flowers. Clearing price V. V*- — prices. You can't miss saving If you buy.
— "— 1 SALE No. 111. j 1
f^srvi, ' Table Linen and Towels J|H! ■
M- X^^juHi Our sixth annual trade sale in this department "begins to-morrow. The "^rSS^s^^
il?lßaP^^Q ' summer stocks are now complete. Hale's six California stores buy linens in fflfl^^' J»f)
.l- ; ®HJgv^ bulk for cash from the manufacturer. We buy as a jobber buys — pay ft ii t v'T3>
Mw^rT^ freight and tariff, save the jobber's profit (by skipping him), land our linens lr"*^ 25 *!
" • at our doors at the price the jobber lands his lots— sell to you as the *
' " '_ jobber sells to the average merchant The trade sale begins to-morrow. •- ,—, —
Dealers, retailers, hotel and restaurant keepers, all join hands with the thrifty housewife and share the saving.
UNBLEACHED CRASH. 17 Inches, all linen, good ab- £*s+
sorbent, fine for kitchen towel, 8 l-3c quality— TßADE V»W
SALE SF'ECIAL Yard.
50 DOZEN TABLE NAPKINS, BLEACHED \ size, extra <f* | 6.">
large, all pure linen. |2 quality— TßADE SALE SPEC- <pl- —
lAL Dozen
TABLE DAMASK, grass bleached, every thread pure linen, soft finish, no dressing, napkins to H ALES PRICES—
60-1nch.............. ...75c yard I 2"! nch •*" ff'os *!5
62-inch ....00c yard . 72-lnch ~~ 91.35 yard
■-■'■■■■.' ■ . . ■-. - ...... . : ■ ■ • ,'. "-a- ■ • * ■ * ■ -
TABLE DAMASK BLEACHED, pure linen, satin damask finish, our own importation direct from manufacturers— B PRICES— .
62-inch ................................ ...40cyard 70-inch ...:.... „ ...750 yard *
66-inch BOc. yard - 70-inch ....^..51.00 yard
66-inch :...::........... 65c yard 72-lnch $1.25 yard
HUCK TOWELS, fringed, fine weave, colored border, extra values— HALE' PRICES—
ISx36 inches.... ..lOfe each 20x40 inches 150 each
19x39 inches 12'.i:C each 21x42 inches _..200 each
DAMASK TOWELS, knotted fringe, all linen, colored borders, heavy, absorbent, durable— HALES PRICES— , f
17x36 inches ...........ISHc each 20x41 Inches „ ...... 200 each
18x39 inche5.. .............. ...........10 2-3 c each ' .' 22x44 Inches...... JSUiO each
ROLLER TOWELING, all linen, extra heavy quality, absorbent— Fine for the kitchen— HALE* B PRICE—
15 inches 5c yard •. 18 1nche5............... .. raMIM .,.IOo ymr4
17 inches: ; :::.:::::::::: 8 wo yard 18 inches...... — 12*0 yard
: ;V:. 20 inches ....14c yard ■ . • ;j
TABLE NAPKINS BLEACHED, % size, satin damask finish, extra HALES PRICES—
20 Inches 5quare.. ................... .51.00 dozen : ; 22^ inches square...... 82. 00 dosen
''"O Inches square 81 .50 dozen ■, 25 inches square $2.75 dozen
22 inches square.... $1.75 dozen 26 Inches square .84.50 dozen
26 inches square...... $6.50 dozen ;.■■-.:-.
BUSY_BAZAAR.
Always busy for many reasons.
Here are a few reasons. All good
goods — Hale's goods.
The new Mario Io« Cream Freezer, Tripli-
■- .- cate ' motion, * pails made of best Vir-
. ginia White Cedar, , Revolving Wire
■'.1 Whip Dasher—
■Iqt;. - 2 qt ,3 qt 4qt «qt Bqt
91.G0 *1765 f2.00 $2.45 «2.95 $3.75
Marlon Harland Coffee Pot, made ot heavy
». tin. • Nickel Plated, 2 qt holds 7 cups,
'Price .;........................•.••... 830
EXTENSION • WINDOW SCREENS, -size
.19x35. Price ..........................16c
BIJOU TOILET PAPER, . 500 perforation.
Price-..'. •• ....30c doz
OIL STOVE, 2 four-ln. Burner." Price.. 6sc j
WHITE CASTILE SOAP, bar weighs 2 lbs |
and Is 1 foot long. Price per bar....
CANNISTER COFFEE MILL. Price..
MEAT CUTTER OR VEGETABLE CUT-
TER, with Galvanized Iron Crank Han-
dle. Price :..;:. v:.:.........:.v;.;..51.T5
I PILLOW SHAM HOLDER, adjustable to
p ■-: any ■ bed. v Price — "•• 15c
WASH RAG AND' SOAP, a cake of Cas-
tile Soap and a Turkish Wash Rag BxB :
- '.-;- Inches, both for .......................5c j
HANDKERCHIEFS.
175 DOZEN LADIES' WHITE
HEMSTITCHED ' HANDKER- > ■ ; i:
. i" CHIEFS,, made of good strong Off **
v material: regular ;5c kind. , ThisOUW
:^ ; -week : 3c each : 0r. .;...:. ..... . \: Dozen
175 DOZEN CHILDREN 3 COL- ;'.• ;~; ~ ~
- ORED *HEMMED-BORDEROK«:
HANKERCHIEFS, 1 neat as AWV
can be. This week............ Dozen
McCALL DRESS PATTERNS^
■■•> ThelOc and 15c McCall Paper Dress Pat-
. terns Belling /faster : than • ever. '■-. The most
satisfactory patter" we ; have ever handled.
I For He iwe i will % give : one r 15c .; pattern ■. and
the McCall .Magazine ; for : one • year, . deliv-
ered over our ; counters ;to | each | subscriber
every month; . regular v yearly, subscription
by •■ mall, •: 60c year. It ■ treats " of .< popular
' fiction, cooking, • styles,-: literature, house-
hold hints and fancy work. Ask for them
at the Notion Counter— Aisle 1. .-■
937-939-941-943-945-947 MARKET STREET, S. F.
6 HALES. ' \^
INFANTS' FINE NAINSOOK SLIPS, all over em- _
broidery trimmed yoke, embroidery ruffled neck and £%C|C
cuffs; regular value $1- Sale price WW
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC LONG SKIRT, with deep Of
hemstitched bottom; regular value 50c. Sale price .*t\J\*
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC LONG SKIRT. 5 fine tuck*.
with deep embroidery ruffled bottom; regular value 750-HTC|r»
Sale price OCFW/
INFANTS' BABY FLANNEL LONG SKIRTS. In cream
white only, silk embroidered, scalloped bottom. SalePT/\f»
price ....CFvrw
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC SHORT DRESSES, first slae
only, insertion and embroidery yoke, pleated back, em- _
broidery ruffled neck and cuffs; regular value 45c. Bale Of*
price .' _.auv
INFANTS' FINE CAMBRIC SHORT DRESSES, tucked
and embroidery Insertion yoke, tucked back. embroidery
ruffled neck and cuffs; regular value 60c. Bale price.... wwv
INFANTS' KID MOCCASINS, silk stitched, illk laceaiOßT/-.
colors— red, tan, brown and black. Sale price -*Wv
TABLE DAMASK, BLEACHED. 72 inches wide, all linen.
66c quality— Here's a snap— TRADE SALE SPEC2AI... T"OW
Yard.
60 DAMASK TABLECLOTHS, 8-4 slie, all pure linen. C»| 10
border all round— Value Jl 2&— TRADE SAJLE SPEC- €J> ■
lAL Each.
% OCEANS OF NOTIONS. .
Takes good values to keep counters
crowded. And this is the busiest one- of
them all. There must be a reason.
. . . ...
Jewel Studded Leather Belts „ $1.00
Military Frogs— Button ornamented.. 2oc
Military Braids, % to S in........... .2c up
7 Spools Best Spool Cotton f0r............ ....25c
Paper of Mil ward's Needles f0r.............-..80
Swan Bill Hooks and Eyes.. lo paper
60 Assorted Hair Pins for ..........2c
Dr.: Warner's Eclipse Corset Steels.l 3 l-2c pr
Ventilating Dress ; 5hie1d5. . .............. .20c pr
Child's Shell Hair Bands... 7c ea
Shell Hair Pins, 2% in. 10ng...............80 do«
Darning Cotton .... ...:.'... ....... ......... Aca c ball
Wallace A Sons' Eagle Pins .......;.. 3c paper
22-Line Colored Pearl Buttons .........Be doz
6 yd. : piece Featherstltched Finishing
Braid ..........;.......... ..............Bo piece
Extra Horn Bone, 8 and 9 in. ............ 7c dos"
Aunt Lydia's Linen-finish Thread. . .... sc spool
Large Size Cube Pins ..........5o cube
ART DEPARTMENT.
COLORED CUSHION COVERS, fig- ' :
ured with floral 4 and 'Oriental' de- QR r
signs;, back, r front and ruffle , ready OOw
for the pi110w......... Each
18x54 TAMBOUR BUREAU SCARFS. Kfir»
open work and scalloped border. OVw
• Good value for 75c. Special.....:.. Each
52x32 . TAMBOUR SQUARES, open
work .borders. Can rbe ' used for PZ f\f
stand covers,' Center. piece or Pll- vFV
. low ■ Shams \. . . . . .v. ....:...:.. . . ..!:.:. : Each
FANCY SCRIM, with colored or plain 1K C
. border,- worth 25c— .' • IOV
Special ..'. ..".;.... Yard
600 TINTED CUSHION TOPS, floral |010 1 r
designs— . - , - lA2V
; On sale at..:.. Each
6 HALES.
SUMMER LACE.
For wash dresses and underwear.
Dame Fashion dictates an abundance
of lace this year. Perhaps your in-
terested.
17W YARDS WRITS! AND BUT-
TER-COLOR ORIENT Alt
LACE. 2H to S Inches wid«-
Norman ' Valenciennes and
Point Flloche 1 -4 and , 6 • inch**
wide, and Black Chantllly ■ ,
Lace, 2H to 7 Inches wide; re«- lf)r*
ular values 12% c to-Mo, Th« »vfW.
entire lot on the table* at. T»r4
•00 YARDS WHITE AND BUT-
TER-COLOR GUIPURE-EDOH
ORIENTAL LACE. 3 to 8H
Inches wide; Normandle Valen-
ciennes, 4^ to 6i» Inches wide:
Colored Silk Laces. 6 to 8
Inches wide, and Colored Lib-
erty Silk Bands. h\ inches -_, .
wide; regular values 20c and JCg
26c. The entire lot on sale lU V^
tables at .......-••••• Yard
1500 YARDS BLACK ANt> CREAM
ALL-SILK CHAN TILLY
• LACE. 6% to: 8% Inches wide;
Fine White Oriental Lace, 6 to ./■
10 inches wide, and Butter-oolor
Net-top Venetian Point Lace,
4U inches wide; regular 35c and QKf»
£ 40c The entire lot to choM«AUw
from at T* l^
NEW SILKS.
NEW BLACK GROS-GRAIN - ■:.
SILKS. in medium and large *TBtf»
designs, good durable qual- » CFv>
ity. At Hale's ............:.... Yard
NEW BLACK BAYADERE
STRIPES, the latest fashion <JT 1 .00
craze In serpentine and plain tp ■ .
effects. At Hale's .' — Yard
NEW BLACK SILKS. In large C> | .00
scroll and floral designs, ele- tj>l- —
gant patterns in new effects.. .Yard,
RICH BLACK GROS-GRAIN SILK, beau-
tiful satin designs, clearly set off by
rich black gros-graln • grounds. . See
them In the window. . '
The $150 kind f0r....* 1.2.% yard.
The »2 ; kind f0r....... $1.50 yard.