VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 107.
AN ARMED TRUCE
NOW EXISTS BETWEEN
SPAIN AND AMERICA
The Administration Believes the United
States Has Gained a Most Import
ant Diplomatic Victory.
Spain's Torpedo Fleet Halted at the Canaries and
This Country Ceases Hostile Demonstrations
Pending Settlement of Questions
at Issue.
NEW YORK, March 17.—
The Herald's Washington cor
respondent telegraphs: The
United States and Spain are
halting at the brink of war. Im
portant representations have,
within the last few days, been
exchanged between the two
countries regarding *he war like
preparations "of each and have
resulted, I understand, in each
power assuming a less war like
attitude, pending further diplo
matic negotiations for a settle
ment of the entire question.
Spain has stopped her torpedo
flotilla at the Canary Islands and
the United States will gradually
withdraw the North Atlantic
squadron *from the vicinity of
Cuba.
Behind all this is what amounts to
practically a suggestion from Spain that
the United States use its good offices
to bring about peace in Cuba. The par
ties concerned in the negotiations which
have brought about this status of af
fairs are all extremely reticent as to iust
what is contemplated. There is no
doubt, however, that the frequent con
ferences between Assistant Secretary
Day and Senor Polo y Bernabe,,the
So*nislr »,.Minii»:£r,-*"CO«tpJed with the
lengthy cipher cablegrams which have
passed between the State Department
and Minister Woodford, have been for
the purpose of averting hostilities and
with a view of .bringing a speedy end
to the Cuban rebellion.
v Spain, I understand, has expressed a
olillingness to concede everything the
' Cubans demand except the hauling
down of her flag and is now willing to
have the United States use its good of
fices to bring about peace in the island.
Cuban independence the President
considers to be written in the book of
fate, and if the good offices of the ad
ministration are used to bring about
peace in Cuba they will be used in this
direction.
It cannot be learned whether the ne
gotiations have passed beyond the point
of agreeing to a temporary cessation of
the contemplated naval demonstrations,
but it is known that the administration
NEWS OF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for Ban Fran
cisco: Fair on Friday; fresh west
erly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 60 degrees
Portland 48 degrees
Los Angeles v 56 degrees
San Diego 56 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Spain and America at Truce.
Lost Turquoise Mines Found Again.
SECOND PAGE.
Some Strange Indian Wrltfngs.
THIRD PAGE.
Court of Inquiry Not Yet Ready.
Cubans Reject Autonomy.
San Diego : Bay's Defenses.
New Charter for Lob Angeles.
FOURTH PAGE.
Senator Proctor on Cuba.
A Squadron at Hampton Roatt
Divers Work on the Maine.
Plot to Destroy the Maine.
FIFTH PAGE.
Tragedy of the Napa' Wilds.
To Fight Rea at San Jose.
The Corona at Port Townsend.
. ' SIXTH PAGE. .
Editorial.
The Defeat of Annexation.
Ships That Don't Pass.
Scapegoats Not In Demand.
The Jury Box Scandal.
Sealers of Weights and Measures.
The Law and the Dope Fiend.
Stories From the Corridors-
Answers to Correspondents.
SEVENTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
Testing the Copyright Law.
Developments of the Hoff Case.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Sam Wall's Trip to Fort Yukon
Tanana Indians Starving.
Rich Ore on American Soli.
NTH PAGE.
Uncle" Sam's Reindeer Sold.
Mining .Men Are Swindled.
Money Burned by a Maniac.
Almost B<>sts Lavlgne.
Trial of Fratricide Clark.
TENTH PAGE.
St. Patrick's Day Celebration.
Opium Evil and the Law. : .
ELEVENTH PAGE. :;
Opposed to the Weight Law.
Colnon Tries to IJvade.
Beer May Go Higher.
TWELFTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
THIRTEENTH PAGE. ■"
News of Army and Navy.
News From Across the Bay.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths, i:
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
Poolrooms for Women. y.-'
Death of T. J. Bass.
<$♦ $> <$> ;3>;4v4> <s> •s> 4> ."♦ ♦>'♦',♦
The San Francisco Call
AMAZONAS WILL BE
DELIVERED TO-DAY
LONDON, March IT. — The warship Amazonas, built for Brazil,
but purchased by the United States, will be formally transferred to
the United States Government to-morrow at Gravesend. Lieuten
ant-Commander Colv.ell, the United States naval attache here, will
receive the ship from her Brazilian commander. A crew from the
San Francisco will then be marched on board, the Brazilian flag will
be hauled down and the Brazilian sailors will be landed.
The executive officer of the San Francisco will probably take
command of the Amazonas, and she will sail for the United States
as speedily as possible under sealed orders. It is supposed she is
going to the North American station, where her crew can be re
enforced. The Amazonas had been provisioned and coaled for her
trip to Brazil, and the United States Government purchased all
these supplies.
Commander Willard H. Brownson, the agent of the United
States Department, who arrived here yesterday from New York,
has been besieged by ship men and reporters. He says the reports
of the object of his mission are incorrect, andthathiserrandisoneof
which he cannot speak. Apparently Commander Brownson is acting
as adviser to Lieutenant-Commander C&lwell.
A special dispatch from Rome says the Italian Minister of
Marine, Admiral Brin, has informed the Spanish Embassador to
Italy, Count de Bonomar, that his request that Italy sell three
warships to Spain will be discussed at the next Cabinet meeting. A
special dispatch from Rome to-day says, however, that the Italian
Government has sold the armored cruiser Varez to Spain.
According to a special dispatch from Sunderiand, the United
States Government has purchased a torpedo-boat destroyer from a
shipbuilder named Doxford of that place. i
considers that a great diplomatic victory
has been gained by what has thus far
transpired and that there is now a hope
of settlement of not only the Maine
disaster but of the entire Cuban ques
tion without hostilities.
The principal victory, the officials
consider, is the decision of Spain to
keep her fleet at the Canary Islands.
From a strategical standpoint this would
seem^to be a big, gain for the United
States. The presen of a Spanish tor
pedo flotilla in Havana harbor would
make the task of our rival fleet a much
more serious and dangeroas one if com
ing events should make it necessary to
attempt the capture of that place.
At Hampton Roads the American
fleet will be only thirty-six hours' sail
from Havana. At the Canary Islands
the Spanish fleet will be four weeks
from Havana. By this agreement the
United States has- the Spanish Govern
ment in a position where the further
westward movement of the torpedo flo
tilla could be considered an act of war,
which would justify this country in in
tercepting the flotilla at sea and thus
prevent it ever reaching Havana harbor.
Carrying out its part of the bargain,
the United States battleships Massachu
setts and Texas have been ordered to
Hampton Roads and the remainder of
the fleet will probably be ordered north
within the next few weeks, unless new
conditions should arise as a result of the
receipt of the report of the Maine Court
of Inquiry.
Spain has likewise held to the bar
gain and has retained at the Canary Isl
ands the torpedo flotilla, which arrived
at that point to-day from Cadiz.
Senor Don Luis Polo y Bernabe,
the Spanish Minister, has made
a statement as to what Spain might and
might not regard as cause for war.
Senor Polo y Bernabe was talking to
day about the relations between his
country and the United States and ex
pressed the hope and belief that war
would not come. He was asked whether
Spain would regard the recognition of
the independence of the Cuban insur
gents as casus belli.
"No," he replied, "such action would
not necessarily be regarded as such. It
would of course cause great indigna
tion and result in the relations of the
two countries becoming very much
strained."
"But, suppose the United States in
tervened to end the war?"
"I presume the only intervention that
could be attempted would be armed in
tervention. That would certainly be
casus belli."
Until the Spanish Minister spoke the
general impression was that the recog
nition of Cuban independence would
bring the two nations into conflict.
Senor Polo de Bernabe intimates that
there are conditions in which it mieht
pass without serious trouble.
But there have been other notes
struck to-day which are discordant and
yet which may have only a momentary
significance. The speech of Senator
Proctor, who has been to Cuba, with
his Yankee eyes open, was entirely un
expected. It was presumed that he
SAN FKANCISCO, FIUDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
would in some manner make public his
views, but not on the floor of the Sen
ate just yet. The facts are that the
speech was made according to a careful
ly arranged programme. Senator Proc
tor wrote out his speech. He read it to
Assistant Secretary of State Day. Then
he read it to the President, who cut out
certain humorous passages. Thus the
speech had on it a sort of ;emi-official
stamp.
The speech tends to confirm the view
previously advanced in the Herald that
the administration regards the inde
pendence of Cuba as inevitable. Com
ing as it did, and when it did, and from
whom it did, the speech will go far
toward allaying the suspicions of the
jingoes that the President is in league
to cheat them out of war, no matter
what, may occur.
Another discordant note has come
from Madrid, or at least a note regarded
hs discordant in official circles. This is
the semi-official utterance that Spain
knows the Maine was blown up by an
interior explosion and that if the United
States demands indemnity on the
ground that it was an external explosion
the demand will be indignantly repelled
by Spain.
This semi-official utterance does two
things, it was pointed out to me to
night. It shows that no matter what the
naval court reports, Spain is ready to
stand by the interior explosion theory
and will be angry if indemnity is de
manded.
It was believed that Spain was assert
ing that the explosion was within the
ship in order to throw the matter into
international arbitration. The intimation
that our request for indemnity would
not be well received will not be condu
cive to international harmony.
I have no reason to change the opin
ion previously expressed in the Herald
that the hitch in the negotiations for
indemnity would speedily lead to the
recognition of Cuban independence.
The prospect of this being done, how
ever, is not so serious since the Spanish
Minister says such action would not
necessarily be casus belli. I am told
there is no change in the policy at the
White House. The President expects to
have the report of the Maine Court of
Inquiry in his hands within the next
forty-eight hours. Then he will make
up his mind what he will do. He wants
the country meanwhile to feel that he is
not unmindful of his duty to it. The sit
uation regarding possible hostilities is
being very closely watched. How close
ly it is being watched may be guessed
from the fact that the disposition of
war vessels, which was mace in orders
issued to-day, was fully discussed at the
cabinet meeting last Tuesday.
Members of the Cabinet heard with
ill-concealed satisfaction of the holding
of the Spanish torpedo flotilla at the
Canary Islands.
Postmasters Nominated.
WASHINGTON. March 17.— The Presi
dent to-day sent these nominations to the
Senate: Postmasters: Callfornla^-E. S.
Newcomb. Coronado; S. F. Kelley, San
Bernardino; G. F. Wood, Modesto; G. B
Dexter. Santa Monica. Idaho— W. H. An
drews, Salmon.
LONG LOST MINES
OF PRECIOUS GEMS
ARE FOUND AGAIN
Located in the Remotest Wilds of San
Bernardino County and Marked by
Strange Hieroglyphics.
Vast Deposits of Bright-Blue Turquoise That Cover
Many Acres of the Earth's Surface—Doctor
Eisen Calls It One of the Greatest Dis
coveries Made in California.
Arehaeolory has been Immeasurably
enriched by the discovery just made by
an expedition sent by The Call to the
remote wilds of San Bernardino Coun
ty. There have been found the mines
of the ancients, lor.sr lost to knowledge,
and so the secret <= urce from which the
Aztecs drew their supply of turquoise
is no longer a secret locked in the mists
of the past. The beds of precious stones
have been located, and more interest
ing still the tools of the miners, left in
the pits they dug with implements of
stone, were picked up where they had
been laid by hands that had for centu
ries been forgotten dust. With some
inkling of the importance to be at
tached to the results The Call request
ed that Dr. Gustav Eisen of the Acad
emy of Sciences become a member of
the expedition and from a scientific
standpoint analyze the bearing that
whatever developed might have on arch
aeology, a study t<> which he has de
voted years and concerning which he
is ranked as one »/* le irgrhftjt author
ities. In his own Dtear-cut language
Dr. Eisen presents his views.
Down in the northeast corner of San
Bernardino County are the abandoned
turquoise mines of a prehistoric peo
ple.
This fact htvS been settled beyond
doubt by an expedition sent out by The
Call to investigate the matter, and the
discoveries made by the party must be
conceded to be the most Important,
from an archaeological point of view,
that have yet been made in California.
Much light is thrown on the lives of
the aborigines of the Pacific Coast, and
it would appear as though a few mys
teries had been cleared up. At any
rate a rift has been made in the clouds
of the past, and no doubt future scien-
THE FINDING OF THESE TURQUOISE MINES, TOGETHER
WITH THE RELICS OF A PREHISTORIC
PEOPLE, IS THE MOST IMPORTANT
ARCH/tOLOGICAL DISCOVERY EVER MADE IN CALIFORNIA.
— Guslav Eisen. ,
tific research will make all as clear as
such matters can be made.
The tales the prospectors had told
were glowing- in the extreme. There
were miles and miles of volcanic rock,
carved with strange signs; there were
hundreds of caves that showed evi
dences of having been inhabited long,
long ago; there were extinct volcano
craters, strange springs of water, mys
terious passages cut through the rock,
ancient implements lying about, and
hundreds of acres of the earth's surface
covered with outcroppings of turquoise.
And all that the prospectors had told
VIEW OF TURQUOISE CfIMP AND SURROUNDINGS.
The hills back of the tent will give an idea of the Kind of land in which the turquoise is found.
FROM A PHOTOGRAPH.
CAVES OF PREHISTORIC PEOPLE IN CLIfFS.
The ancient dwellings are in t,he rocky wall at the top. Some of the caves can be entered to a depth of
twenty-five feet, while others are very shallow. At the same tiroe there are evidences to show
that the caves were rouch deeper and at one tirtje served as horoes for large nurr)bers of people.
has been found to be true by The Call's
expedition. In fact, the prospectors
greatly underrated the importance of
the things they had told about.
The Call's party left San Francisco
about two weeks ago and have just re
turned, after having spent several days
in the locality. The out-of-the-way lo
cation of the mines and the lack of
traveling facilities made it a difficult
matter to go and return, so that most
of the time was spent on the road.
But the trip has amply repaid for the
effort and the hardships necessary, to
undergo to obtain the information.
In order to reach the locality it was
necessary to take the railroad to Blake,
a small station on the Santa Fe road
about twenty-five miles this side of the
Needles. From here there is a plug
road that runs to Manvel, a supply sta
tion In the mountains. To reach this
point consumed forty-four hours, and
the journey had just begun. Here a
team and wagon were obtained and the
start to the mines was made. J. W.
Stine became one of the party at this
point to act as guide. By wagon trail
(roads there are none) the distance to
the mines is said to be sixty miles.
The fact that Manvel is nearly 6000
feet above sea level made the weather
very cold. A wind came from the north
that cut like a knife and drove the
clouds of sand raised by the wagon into
eyes and ears with relentless fury.
Six hours' traveling, through moun
tain canyons, down and across the
Ivanpan Sink and up into the moun
tains on the north brought the party to
Mescal, an abandoned silver mine. A
storm had come up by this time and a
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
few drops of rain were falling. In one
of the empty adobe buildings shelter
was had for the night. But although
the big fireplace was piled high with
dry yucca wood it was impossible to
keep warm. The wind came in through
broken windows and cracks in the roof
and along teward morning each gust
brought with it a cloud of fine snow.
When day broke the prospect was
anything but a pleasing one. Fog and
clouds hung over the mountain peaks
and a gentle snow was falling and cov
ering the face of nature. The air was
bitterly cold.
In spite of these obstacles the party
started out. The trail lay toward the
north and was mostly down hill, so
that it grew warmer as the descent
was made. This, however, was not
much of an advantage, for the snow
turned to rain and soaked clothing and
camp outfit thoroughly. Good pro
gress was made, however. The way
lay along the base of Clark's Peak
and by noon Valley Wells was reached.
This place is only a water hole at the
lowest point in the journey.
From here the trail began to ascend
again and was very steep. Two hours
of slow traveling brought. the party to
a small turquoise camp, where it was
decided to stop for a while.
At this time the party was nlnety-
six hours out of San Francisco. The
camp was at an altitude higher even
than Manvel, so that winter weather
prevailed. The thermometer was 10
degrees helow freezing and a fierce
snowstorm was raging. Although some
of the mines, and hieroglyphics were
near by it was impossible to examine
them, so thickly was the air filled with
the falling snow. There was nothing
to do but stay in camp, make an effort
to keep warm and wait for morning.
The snowstorm raged until nearly
midnight, when the wind died down and
the clouds dispersed. When at last the
sun rose it was in a cloudless sky. The
air was a little cold, but otherwise
there was nothing to be desired.
From a casual topographical inspec
tion without scientific instruments of
this locality it appears that at one time
there was a center of volcanic action
at a certain point. Here there are doz
ens of extinct craters with fairly well
preserved waJls. Toward the north
ward the lava flowed and formed the
country as it is to-day. This country
is cut up into canyons and valleys of
the wildest description. Vegetation Is
scarce and small in the number of
plants. On the sides of the canyons
are high cliffs filled with caves.
In examining this country The Call's
expedition started from one of the low
points in the canyons, and worked up
ward toward the craters.
It is in the valleys between the rgg2
SKETCHES OF PREHISTORIC HIEROGLYPHICS GATHERED OVER AN AREA OF DOZENS OF SQUARE MILES.
MEMBERS OpCALL EXPEDITION (\T TURQUOISE CfIMP.
FROM A PHOTOGRAPH.
PREHISTORIC HIEROGLYPHICS
AS THEY APPEAR ON THE
ROCKS.
FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN ESPECIALLY FOR
THE CALL.
yon walls that the turquoise mines ex
isted. And they extended over miles.
On any of the hillsides there can be
found hundreds of abandoned pits.
They show now as mere saucerlike
holes, but there is no denying the fact
that they were formerly worked as tur
quoise mines. To prove this it is only
necessary to dig into any of the pits
a few feet.
This will bring to light numerous
stone hammers and rude implements,
and also the hole in which the prehis
torical miners worked. At present
there are about a dozen prospectors
working in these hills, and in every in
stance where they have opened one of
these holes they have been rewarded
by finding turquoise and implements.
Very few of these turquoise speci
mens have been taken to market, but
those that have been have been de
clared to be of the finest quality. A
few after being polished have been sold
for as high as $100. Five and ten dollar
stones can be found by the dozens.
Turquoise is different from almost
any other kind of mining because its
products has no value until it has been
through the process of cutting. This
is owing to the fact that there is no
way of telling how perfect a stone is
when it comes from the ground. It
may appear to be flawless, and yet
when it is put on the lapidary's wheel
it may go to pieces or prove to be full
of flaws.
But as there are thousands of acres
covered with these stones there can be
no doubt that many perfect ones
will be found in time. And it may be
that when some of the prospects are
developed they will turn out stones as
fine as any in the world, and worth
thousands of dollars each. But the
prospector who works a turquoise mine
must take his chances. He may have
a pint of th'_- bright blue precious stones
and they may be worth a fortune. And
on the other hand they may not be
worth 5 cents. But the men who are
working down there to-day say they
have, even with their undeveloped
claims, done better than they could
have done at gold mining. What the
future of these mines may be can only
be guessed at. There is no denying
the fact that our aborigines took many
fine stones out of them and the chances
are many more will be taken out in
the future.
Following up one of the canyons be
side the turquoise beds the cliffs on
both sides were carefully examined.
On the lower hillsides and on the upper
cliffs were thousands of the strangest
kind of hieroglyphics, of which there is
a description written by Dr. Eisen in
another part of this paper.
Any number of caves were found
along the cliffs, many of which had
hieroglyphics cut on the inside walls. It
was impossible to go very deep into
these caves, as they have been blown
ful 1 of sand. They were also occupied
by wild beasts, as was plainly visible
by the tracks near the entrances. As
evidences of these caves having been
inhabited at one time it was only ne
cessary to look at the soot on the roof.
This extended back further than any
body could crawl, showing plainly that
fires had at one time been built back
there. By digging in the soil and sand
in the front of the cave several pieces
of the rudest kind of pottery were
brought to light, as well as a number
spring at least a mile away. The Aztec
of implements. The pottery is very
likely the oldest on the North Ameri
can continent.
At the highest points of the canyons
they ended in extinct volcano craters.
But even close up' to these the caves
could be found and the hieroglyphics
were cut in the rock.
At one place there is a passageway
cut through a cliff, that leads to a
water sign can here be found on both
sides of the canyon, indicating the way
to the spring.
The finding of these evidences of a
long vanished people close to the tur
quoise would seem to explain two
things: First, where the ancient Aztec
got all their turquoise charms; second
ly, where the inhabitants of the caves
pot their subsistence. It appears as
if they traded their precious stones
with the tribes further south for food.
As evidence of this no polished tur
quoise has been found near the mines,
while plenty of it has been found in
Mexico, where natural turquoise is
scarce.
To thoroughly explore this region
would be the labor of months, but no
doubt such work would amply repay
for the trouble. There may be more
wonders in the prehistoric turquoise
mines than have ever been dreamed
of.
The Prehistoric Turquoise Mines of
California and the Ancient In
dian Workers.
BY GUSTAV EISEN.
It is safe to say that the discovery of
prehistoric turquoise mines of Califor
nia and certain traces of the prehis
toric race of Indians which worked
these mines and traded with the wealth
extracted from them forms the most im
portant discovery yet made in the his
tory of the native races of the Pacific
Coast. It brings us into close contact
with a race of Indians vastly superior
to those now existing on this coast, im
mensely more civilized than any of
which we so far have had any knowl
edge, with exception of the Aztecs and
the Mayas of Mexico and Central Amer
ica. The principal Indian relics on this
coast consist, as we have long known,
of shell mounds and of painted rocks.
In a few places a few scratched or
pairited signs representing animals,
men and conventional signs have been
found in favorably situated rocks in
the Sierra Nevada, but these have al
ways been of the crudest workmanship
and of the most primitive composition,
so primitive indeed that science has
hardly thought them worthy of careful
investigation. Every archaeologist will
therefore hail with delight the discov
ery of remains of a superior civilization
recorded by tens of thousands of in
scriptions in an almost perfect state of
preservation. What makes this yet
more interesting is the fact that these
inscriptions are found in the immediate
vicinity of extensive mines of precious
stones, and that they are found only in
the vicinity of these mines. A thor
ough examination of these relics would
require many months of hard work and
the expenditure of much money, for
which time and opportunity have not
yet been had, but the results already
recorded after a preliminary investiga
tion by The Call expedition are suffi
cient to warrant the fulfillment of high
expectations as regards the ultimate re
sults which may be had, when time and
money are placed at the disposal of sci
entific investigators.
What the Relics Consist of.
The relics left of this prehistoric race
of Indians in California consist of five
different items* each one of which is
of great interest, but which when taken
together may well be said to form an
open page of the history of a now van
ished race which, when properly read
and deciphered, will reveal to us the
arts, life history and the semi-civiliza
tion of a race of which we until now
have known almost nothing. These rel
ics which now confront us are as fol
lows: Exterior mines of precious tur
quoise stones of very high quality; se
ries of highly complicated hieroglyphs,
numbering tens of thousands and ex
tending for twenty to thirty jniles
around the turquoise mines; hundred?
of caves immediately below, or in, the
rocks in which the glyphs are cut, and
in which caves there is every reason
to believe that the mine workers of this
ancient race dwelt while they were
working the mines; numerous stone im
plements of the best workmanship, used
In the working of the mines, and which
implements are now found not only
scattered over the surface of the an
cient turquoise pits, but actually found
in the mines, where they had been left
by the miner, expecting to return and
resume his work, when the war, to
which perhaps he was suddenly called,
would be over; pieces of pottery with
impressed, not painted, ornaments.
There are also other traces of the an
cient people in this vicinity, such as ar
tificial trails leading to the water holes
and openings, one^of the trails being
cut out in the hard, solid rock of the
cliff.
The Turquoise Mines.
The use of the precious stone tur
quoise was very extensive among the
Aztecs and among the people which
built the Casas Grandes of the Gila and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
MAYA HIEROGLYPHICS.
By comparing the carved signs found at
the prehistoric turquoise mines with
these a roost remarKable similarity IS
noticed. They are not exactly the
sanje, but are near enough alIKe to
warrant the closest study and Inves
tigation.
Colorado River districts, but It has ]
never been definitely settled how these
stones were procured in such large
quantities. The National Museum of
Mexico possesses a number of very fine
specimens of turquoise stone ornaments
made by the Aztecs, some showing an
exceedingly high grade of workman
ship and possessing even nowadays a
great value. Similar ancient turquoise
ornaments, mostly in the form of amu
lets, beads and inlaid work, may be
seen in our North American and Euro
pean museums and our California
Academy of Sciences has also a few of
them in its collection, these being prin
cipally inlaid work.
Turquoise mines of sufficient extent
have not until now been known to ex
ist (smaller mines having been found
in New Mexico and Arizona) and the
mystery in connection with where
these ancient turquoise stones came
from has not until now been satisfac
torily solved. The discovery of the tur
quoise mines is principally due to the
Indians now living in the vicinity. They
have known of the mines for centuries
past, and as will be shown later on
have preserved traditions connecting
the mines with prehistoric races which
were not the ancestors of those now
living there or of themselves. The
mines are situated in the narrow des
ert district south of Death Valley, al
most at the point where the three
States — California. Nevada and Ari
zona — join together, west of the Colo
rado River, but in the State of Cali
fornia. This country, as is well known,
forms an absolute desert, with little
vegetation, scarcity of animal life, and
with a greater scarcity of water. The
elevation over the ocean reaches to
12,000 feet, more or less, in the higher
peaks, but the elevation of the mines
probably averages 3500 feet, more or
less. The climate of the region is most
rigorous in winter, with blasting winds
GUSTfIV EISEN.
Professor Eisen of the California Academy of Sciences accompanied The Call Expedition to the
prehistoric turquoise mines. Me declares their discovery to be of the greatest archaeological
importance.
and blizzards, while In the summer It
is correspondingly hot, the thermom
eter reaching 120 in the shade. The
mines are scattered over an area of
thirty to forty miles in diameter, but
the principal mines, both as regards
quality and quantity, are found over
a territory not over fifteen miles long
by three or four miles wide. It is a vol
canic region, characterized by ancient
volcanic rocks of various kinds, among
which are intermixed smaller projec
tions of decomposed granite, sandstone
and porphyry. The district is overlaid
to a great extent with trap or basalt
rock in the shape of low and long
ridges, stretching out from a central
point, dominated by a number of ex
tinct volcanic craters of yet very perfect
form. From these volcanoes we can
trace lava flows in almost" every direc
tion, extending out for many miles. A
peculiarity is that every individual
volcano seems to be composed of dif
ferent rocks, both as regards quality
and color. There is, however, a gen
eral absence of pumice stone and fine
volcanic ashes, though there is an
abundance of -coarse, rounded pebbles,
which must have been thrown out of
the volcanoes in very much the same
shape as they are now. found.
Among these flows of lava and ba
salt are found smaller areas of low,
roundsd hills, which appear to be
almost exclusively composed of decom
posed porphyry and sandstone, tra
versed here and there with harder
crystalline ledges, containing much
silicates, talc, magnesia and quartzites.
On the surface of these rounded hills
the eye may detect numerous shallow
more or less distinct pits of from flf
teen to thirty feet in diameter. These
pits are the remains of the prehistoric
turquoise mines. All around the pit 3
the soil consists exclusively of decom
posed coarse sand and grave! araong
which we may pick up in a few min
utes handfuls of small turquoise stone 3
of various shapes, sizes and colors.
Wherever a harder quartzite ledge
protrudes we can generally see traces
of turquoise in the rocks. The tur
quoise is a blue or green stone which
either occurs as a thin, Hat vein in a
harder matrix, or we find it us small
kidney-shaped nodules, easily separ
ated from the softer rock in which they
Afe found. There is a great variety
of colors and forms. Some of the dis
■tricts show only turquoise veins, while
a few miles away we find the stnnes
in the form of kidneys of various sizes
from that of a pea to those of large
beans. The turquoises are generally
found in what is known among miners
as pockets and small seams, principally
as pockets. They occur in considera
ble quantities and a day's work of a
miner results in a hatful of stones at
varying value. While there are now
less than half a dozen miners working
the claims, and that In a poor, unsys
tematic and slovenly manner, merely
resembling prospecting, thousands of
Indians must have in ancient times oc
cupied themselves with the work of
bringing out the precious stones. Even
they, with their limited tools, could
never have carried on a scientific min
ing, but they appear to have dug pits
wherever they four.'l traces of the tur
quoise on the surface. The present
miners have merely dug out some of
these old pits and perhaps in a few
instances followed them up a few feet
deeper. We saw c "me of these pits
ten to fifteen feet <ieep, some perpen
dicular, others slanting, all quite nar
row, from four to f:x feet wide. Seve
ral of the pits Bbow narrow seams of
talc and white magnesia, like rock, so
soft that it crumb: -s under the fin
gers\ all showing a very high degree
of decomposition. We may now ask
ourselves the reason why we presume
that these pits were made by an an
cient race of Indin' * and not by the;
present Indians, or perchance by early |
white miners, or by the Mexicans. The |
answers are not difficult and close at
hand. The annals of the State does
not mention turqu-iso mining as be
ing one of the occupations of the In
dians or of the early Mexican settlors.
Furthermore, the mines themselves \
bear every internal evidence of having
been worked b"^. ai^ient Indians nnd
not by white men, as we find in them
the very implements nf stone used in
chipping the rock, while we find no
where any Implements or parts of im
plements of modern make.
There is also another reason why we
suppose these mines to have furnished
much, if not most of the turquoises used
by the Mexican or Aztec Indians, and
that is that worked turquoises found
in these countries show a very great
similarity in shape and color to those
found in the now rediscovered mines.
As the Aztecs possessed no turquoise
: mines in their own country, they must
I have procured them from the north,
: and everything points to the presump
! tion that they got their largest supply
from these California mines.
The Caves.
Where did the Indians who worked j
these mines live? While it is not im- i
posetble and perhaps rather probable j
that they, as do their descendants, the
present Mexican Indians, dwelt in huta ;
made of rushes and Yucca palms, it i
may also be considered as certain that j
much at the population lived in caves.
Such caves are now seen all along the
"malpai" ledges, and it is safe to say i
that they might be counted by the hun
dreds. We had merely time to exam
ine a few of them. To explore them j
thoroughly must be left to the future,
and there is every prospect that ob- j
jects of great archaeological interest j
will be found in the caves, th>3 floors ]
of which are now covered by several
feet of thin impalpable dust. The caves
examined and photographed are from ]
four to six feet high at the entrance,
from which they slope downward and
inward. Some possessed two or three
openings or passages penetrating the
interior of the cliff to unknown clopth.
They had all been s»o filled up with soft
dust that further progress was prevent
ed, but we could see that they at least
extended from ten to twenty feet into
the mountain, probably more. That
they had once been inhabited is shown
by the following facts: They were
CUFF DECORATED WITH HIEROGLYPHICS.
Trjese peculiar characters car) be found all along a rock.y wall tf)at is at least fifteen rrjiles long.
blackened by smoke, and they were
protected at the entrance by a wall of
loose rocks. These rocks were nowhere
in the shape of regular walls made of
matched brick, but simply consisted of
rough basalt stones piled one on
top of the other without cement or
mortar. Undoubtedly time and ele
ments have combined to change the
! original shape of these walls, but
I enough was left to enable us to see
that they were raised for purposes of
protection against elements and ene
mies. As the present Indians do not
dwell In caves, we must naturally con
sider that their original inhabitants
were the workers of the turquoise mines,
mining being the only industry by
which a race could sustain itself on
this inhospitable desert.
The Implements With Which the
Turquoise Mines Were Worked.
As already stated, one of the most
important reasons for believing that the
mines were alone worked by a prehis
toric race is the finding of numerous
stone implements in the pits. These
tools are all made of very hard lava
and basalt, and mostly of very fine
workmanship. We found three kinds
of tools, the majority being stone ham
mers made of basalt rock. The stone
hammers are of various sizes, from six
to eight inches long, beautifully smooth
and rounded, each with a wide central
groove extending across three sides of
the hammer. Besides these hammers,
we found also axes of various kinds of
rock. The*? rxes are of different sizes,
from six incHes square and upward.
They taper toward the edges, and are
furnished with a groove running all
around the center for the secure hold
ing of the handle. One of these axes
was of gigantic size, about three feet
long, and so heavy that both hands
were required to handle it. While some
of the tools are yet in the best state of
preservation and of fine workmanship,
others are much chipped and battered
or even broken up, snowing that they
have been in actual use.
Pottery.
In the immediate vicinity of some of
the springs and the caves fragments of
pottery were found. These were of con
siderable size, but so broken up that
no idea could be had of the shape of
the vessels. None of the pieces were
painted, and many of them showed no
ornamentation of any kind. Some
pieces, however, were most interesting
ly ornamented by deep impressions rep-
I resenting lons parallel lines alternating
with short, straight, parallel bars of
even size, running in a slanting posi
tion against the longer lines. The time
at our disposal for exploration was too
short to allow of excavations for more
perfectly preserved pottery; the indica
tions are that such pottery will be
found only when the caves are ex
plored.
The Hieroglyphics.
The most interesting feature in con
nection withthe turquoise mines ipthat
they are always accompanied by pic
ture writing or hieroglyphics. Wher
ever one of these turquoise mines is
found we can be sure to rind hierogly
phics in the rocks surrounding them.
The Indians who worked the mines
must have been the same ones who cut
the glyphs in the rocks.
The hieroglyphics are found only on
the bluffs of basalt rock which abound
in the vicinity of the mines. This rock
is the hardeEJt one to be found in that
country, but its smooth surface offers
unusual advantage for the cutting of
glyphs and pictures. The glyphs oc
cur from ten to fifteen- together on the
same stone, but generally only two or
three are found together and frequently
only one on each basalt block. Most of
the glyphs are cut on isolated blocks,
which have fallen from the cliff above;
sometimes they are found on the flat
wall of the cliff. They are found along
a stretch of country fifteen or twenty
miles long and must be counted by the
tens of thousands. In some places al
most every block in the debris below
the cliff carries -a. glyph. On some
blocks which stand upright we found
a glyph on each face, showing that the
blocks had not been disturbed since
they were cut. The glyphs are cut or
picked in the rock by some hard in
strument, most likely stone hammers.
As regards the nature of the glyphs in
general, they are much more compli
cated than any so far found in Cali
fornia or in any other State north of
Mexico. They show a mixture of dis
tinct types. One, the rarest type, rep
resents figures composed of simple
lines, curves and dots; figures resem
bling suns, stars, crosses, anchors,
bars, etc. To this group must be
counted rough representations of ani
mals and men, but of the former very
few were found, such as snake, owl,
turtle, rabbit, lizard and man. One pic
ture represents a warrior with a large
feathered cap standing on another
warrior who has fallen, a figure re
minding one greatly of Aztec picture
writing. A wavy line stood for water,
and in one place we found on two op
posite sides of a bend in the cliff
signs indicating the direction in which
water was to be found some miles
away. But by far the most interesting
form of hieroglyph was the shield
type. Some of these were three to four
feet high and of most complicated de
sign. The illustration represents three
of these. This type is composed of a
shield-like outline, inside of which we
find lines and circles and cross hatch
ing, in such a way as to leave no doubt
in my mind that every line was intend
ed to be of importance. In the Aztec
picture writing there is nothing of a
similar character, except coat of arms
shields, which stood for and indicated
certain villages, cities or chiefs. But a
closer resemblance is, strange to say,
found in the hieroglyphics of the
Mayas of Yucatan. There we find
6onie of the glyphs in the form of
shields, to which often is attached a
wing very strikingly similar to the one
seen in one of the glyphs found by us.
This similarity in some of the glyphs
is so marvelous that it entirely baf
fles us to explain it, except as coinci
dence. At least it cannot now be dem
onstrated that these glyphs had an ac
tual relationship with those of the
Maya siyphs. If they had we would ex
pect to find among them the simpler
numerals of the Mayas, which were
composed of dots and bars, the dot
standing for one, the bar for two, etc.
But so interesting are these our new
found glyphs, that they should be re
corded at once, and decidedly recorded
in the way they follow each other on
the rocks, and not noted down hap
hazard, as it is more than probable
that if they could be read successively
and deciphered they would tell an in
teresting tale of the prehistoric race
who worked the mines and who sculp
tured the glyphs on the rocks and
blocks in the vicinity.
The Legend of the Turquoise Mines
and Their Prehistoric Workers.
It would be strange indeed if no le
gend should exist among the Indians
now and then roaming over the desert,
legends connecting these turquoise
mines with the ancient inhabitants
who worked them. One such legend
really does exist and, strange to
say, it does not in the least conflict
with anything we found in connection
with the turquoise mines and the hiero
glyphics on the rocks, but rather con
firms the story told by them. The le
gend moreover helps to explain how
these numerous workers of the mines
could live in this inhospitable region
of blizzards, sand and scorching sun,
where water is the greatest luxury and
where even no edible root or vegetable
does grow at the present time. It is
almost absolutely certain that even in
ancient times, when these mines were
worked and when the hieroglyphics
were cut, the climate was the same as
now, neither better nor worse. Th*
wild animals on the desert are so few
that they could not possibly sustain
any considerable population of, say
even a few hundred Indians. The least
rare animals are the chuekawalla, a
large edible lizard; the desert turtle,
the cottontail rabbit and the jack
rabbit. As the water is everywhere so
scarce that no corn could be raised in
the vicinity of the mines, the laborers
must have procured food from more
distant places. The legend in a man
ner confirms this and makes it proba
ble that the turq'ioise stones were' not
dug for use as ornaments by the work
ers themselves, but were us^d as ob
jects of trade with different nations.
The following legend **as told us by
an Indian, known as radian Johnny,
son of Tecopah, the chief of the Piutea.
His father, the chief, who died at an
advanced age last year, told the legend
to his son just as he had got it from
his father. The legend bears much
evidence of being based on facts.
Thousands of years ago, says Indian
Johnny, these plains and hills were the
dwelling grounds of the desert Mo
haves, of which now only a few are
left. At that time there came suddenly
a tribe of Indians from the West or
South in search of precious stones.
They fell in with the desert Mohavcs
and. made friends with them. They
found out about these mines, i .no* they
worked them and took out :' grefet
quantity of stones. These Indians from
the South were different from the Mo
haves and from any other Indians liv
ing in this country. They were much
fairer, their skin as well as their hair
was lighter. They were also much more
civilized and knew of a great many
things which no other Indians k.-iea^g
then nor now. They knew how to "»>|»
mines, and they also knew bow to write?'
They made the writing in these rocks,
and they soon teached the Mohaves
how to do as they did. These foreign
Indians were no fighters, and they
lived in peace with the desert Mohaves.
But the Piutes, to which tribe I belong,
did not like the Mohaves to learn new
things. When the Piutes mw that the
Mohaves began to cut signs in the rocks
and work mines, they *uhi that they
were crazy, and decided to make war
on them. This they did. and the for
eign Indians and the greater part ol
the Mohaves were exterminated. Since
that time, which must have been 1000
years ago, these mines have not been
worked by any. one. This is the tale ot
Chief Tecopah and his son, Indian
Johnny.
The Plausibility of the Legend.
It must be confessed that this lege«d
is plausible. We know that the Aztecs
as well as the Casa Grande Indians pos
sessed many turquoise ornaments. We
also know that the Aztecs during their
highest power sent out expeditions in
order to get gold, and my esteemed
Mexican friend, Don Benigno Garcia,
has repeatedly told me that there was
very good reason to believe that those
Aztfc expeditions for gold were princi
pally directed to the Altar district in
Sonora, on the Gulf of California. We
also know that there was and is yet a
race of comparatively fair and red
haired Indians in Southern Sonora and
Northern Sinaloa. These Indians are
the Mayos (not Mayas, which latter aro
a different race in Yucatan), the only
fair Indians ,of which we know any^ 1
thing definite. It is therefore mosf
plausible and probable that in prehis
toric times a tribe of Mayo Indians may
have crossed the Gulf of California and
wcndered toward the north searching
for turquoise mines, the existence of
wh:ch was perh.ips known to them.
They fell in with the Mohaves, found
the mines, worked them and established
a trade in turquoise stones' with the
Southern Indians in Mexico, Arizona
and Cc-lorado. Such trade exchange
alone would enable these Indians to live
and subsist for any length of time in
such an inhospitable country as the
desert where the mines are. That this
trade must have been principally, if
not exclusively, with the Mexican races
may be concluded from the fact that
so far no turquoise mines have been
found in old Mexico. Of course, the
Aztecs procured also some of their tur
quoises from some New Mexican mints,
and possibly also from some in Ari
zona. In old Mexico the Aztecs valued
the turquoise more than gold, and some
large fine stones were said to be worth
more than a load of gold each. The
turquoise was also the emblem of Mon
tezuma, and so sacred was it considered
that after the death of Montezuma no
stones were allowed to be taken from a
mine which was known to have fur
nished stones to him.
More Trouble for Mrs. Bell.
The troubles of Mrs. Bell, whose family
allowance of $1500 a month was cut down
by Judge Coffey several days ago to $100
a month, are now beginning to accumu
late. Suit was commenced yesterday b"«
F. M. Thai, assignee of the claims ofT I
Fob and Joseph Seyner, to recover $55ff fl
for meats delivered by Fos and $62 45 feu*
groceries delivered by Seynor.
« ♦ ■
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money If I* falls to cure.
Esc. The genuine has L. B. Q. cm each tablet.THE NAVAL COURT
PREPARES A REPORT
ON THE DISASTER
It Is Not True That Judge Advocate Marix Has
Already Started for Washington With
the Findings.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, March 17.— As the result of an order issued yesterday
by Admiral Sicard calling the attention to the Navy Department's or
der prohibiting navy officers giving information to outsiders and pe
remptorily ordering all officers under his command to obey it in the
Btrtctest sense, no officer here will commit himself on any topic more
compromising than the weather. A rumor was started here this morn
ing that the Court of Inquiry had finished its report, and that Lieuten
ant Commander Marix, judge advocate of the court, had left for Wash
ington to lay the findings before the Secretary of the Navy. Marix is
now on board the lowa, which vessel is anchored with the flagship off
Sand Key Lighthouse, nine miles distant from the city. I am reliably
informed that the court has finished its work of inquiry, and is now en
gaged in formulating its report and writing its conclusions. None of
the members has been ashore to-day. Key West still wears a warlike
air, and red barttle and prize money are the chief topics of conversa
tion among army and navy folks.
The work of loading the big consignments of shells for the subma
rine mines has already commenced. The Government wharf at the naval
station is piled high with tons of ammunition" brought by the steam
ship Comal, and the bluejackets from the fleet are busily engaged in
stowingitaway.a cordon of sentries watching the operation and keeping
the curious at a distance. Coal-laden schooners continue to arrive, and
an enormous quantity of fuel has been stored in the Government coal
sheds. Every ship keeps her bunkers full to the utmost capacity, some
of the vessels replenishing in the morning the small amount that has
been burned during the night.
The large number of "emergency cases" sent by the Bureau of Med
icine and Surgery have arrived here for the use of the vessels of the
fleet. These cases contain chloroform and specially prepared bandages
for treating the wounded.
Admiral Sieard's health continues bad, his physician, Dr. Spear, is in
constant attendance, and was last night twice summoned to his room, in
the Key West Hotel.
AUTONOMY IS
ONLY A SHADOW
The Cubans Will Accept
From Spain Nothing
but Freedom.
If America Joins Their Foes
They Will Still
Fight On.
Tomas Estrada Palma Appeals to the
World, .or Justice to the
People.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 17.— The follow
ing proclamation to the people of the
United States was issued by Tomas
Estrada Palma at the office of the Cu
ban junta to-night:
Tf ..^riran People: The frequency
WnQ which there has lately appeared in
the public press suggestions made by
malicious or misinformed individuals that
Cuba would accept or could be forced to
accept autonomy or anything short of in- !
dependence, has impelled us to make a
definite and final statement on this sub-
From the first our motto has been "In-
pendence or Death." We are now more !
• liMiSy 'than' ever determined to carry out j
or programme. As we will not accept.
we ■will not even discuss the proposals of j
autonomy. After three years of the most
sanguinary and uncivilized warfare of
modern times, carried on by Spain, we are
stronger than ever. It is for us to say
what will satisfy us, not for others. Our
Ideas and our national honor we can con
fide to the keeping of ourselves alone.
I cannot think that the American people
have forgotten the principle laid down in
their own declaration of independence,
nor can I believe any true American can
be found who would advise us to forsake
the idea of republican government for the
monarchical even in its most liberal form.
There is no way to compel the Cubans
to accept autonomy except by force 'of j
arms. We have fought tor three years,
not against Spain alone, but against the!
whole world. Not a helping hand was
extended to us, no country gave us equal I
rights with Spain. The right to arm our
people by purchasing weapons in this
country and transporting them to Cuba j
Is admitted, but although engaged in law- j
ful traffic, we had to run the blockade to
get from these shores, and again run the
gauntlet in Cuba.
Our ships and cargoes were seized, sub
jected to delay, but invariably restored
by the slow and costly process of the law.
Nevertheless, we never faltered. We al
ways appreciated the fact that the sym
pathy of the administration was with us.
Spain has proved impotent to compel us
by force to accept autonomy. . She now
desires the aid of the United States to
compel us to accept. ■
I cannot believe that the American peo
ple would ever lend itself to the most
treacherous and blood-stained monarchy
of " history ■ for such a purpose. Should
such prove to be the case, however, I
declare, in the name of the Cuban peo- j
pie in arms, that force alone can compel
our submission. We, who have seen hun- i
dreds of thousands of our race and fam- |
ilies exterminated by slow starvation by
a cowardly decree of the most inhuman
commander of . sanguinary Spain, will
** ght against anything but independence,
"no matter who opposes us.
But if, % unfortunately, this incredible
proposal, be carried into effect and Ameri
can bayonets arrayed against us in our
struggle for freedom and in aid of the
Spanish monarchy, we will fight on, sadly
but determined, and let history judge
whether the vanquished had not a purer
Idea of free institutions than the victors.
In such cases we will be exterminated,
but future generations will again take up
out flag and our aspirations and Cuba
will yet be free. Nor will we ever agree
to a truce until our independence is es
tablished. We will continue to fight as
did the Americans under Jackson at the
battle of New Orleans, even after the
treaty of peace is signed, if it should be
necessary.
The Cubans cannot be convinced that
the United States. will ever try to force
us to remain under the Spanish flag, but
I have deemed it my duty to appeal to
the generosity, the sympathy and the
patriotism of the American people, to the
end that they may understand ; the Jus
tice and firmness of our demand for com
plete independence.
TOMAS ESTRADA PALIIA. .
PORTO RICO BITTER
AGAINST AMERICANS.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, March 17.—
Feeling against Americans here is
growing very bitter. This is proven
by the fact that the Herald's corre
spondent was arrested for taking pic
tures of a public thoroughfare. He was
detained for three hours and only re-
leased when it was discovered that he
jsvas a Eritish subject. There is good
ll v ason to believe that had he not been
a. British subject opportunity would
have been taken to punish him severe
ly. In view of the growing bitter feel
ing against Americans the United
States Consul here, Mr. Hanna, will ,
probably ask for a warship. '
THE DEFENSE
OF SAN DIEGO
System of Torpedoes for
the Deeper Part of
the Ship Channel.
Only the Officers of the Govern
ment Will Know Their
Exact Location.
Is Proposed, to Have the Southern
Harbor Well Defended Against
Any Attack.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, March 17.— Work on the
fortifications at Ballast Toint is being
pushed with all possible speed by the
men of Battery D, and orders are being
received almost daily by Captain Hum
phreys to hurry with the work. Strict
secrecy is being maintained, and yes
terday an order was received by Cap
tain Humphreys from General Shafter
notifying him not to allow any one to
land at any point on the Government
reservation of 100 acres at Ballast
Point. The point has for years been
used by tourists and others as a land
ing place and pleasure ground, and a
party of excursionists was considerably
surprised when ordered off by an offi
cer.
Captain Hall of the Point Loma
launch was notified not to bring any
more passengers across the bay as they
will not be allowed to land. The order
also prohibits visitors to the bluff over
looking the batteries and torpedo case
ments, and any one found with a cam
era will be arrested and the photograph
apparatus destroyed. The quarantine
station nearly a mile from the fortifi
cations is the nearest point any civili
ans will be allowed to the point.
The San Diego Yacht Club, which has
its club house at this point, has been
notified that the members cannot visit
their favorite retreat for the present
at least, and the house, including; the
wine cellars, will be taken possession of
by the artillerymen.
The guns and carriages have all ar
rived and the carriages are being rap
idly put in place. YThe heavy tackle
for mounting the guns, which should
have arrived over a week ago, is not
yet here, but it is expected daily. The
trestles and skids are all up and as
soon as the tackle arrives the guns
will be mounted. The men are work
ing in two shifts and thereby are able
to do better work.
The men under command of Captain
Humphreys yesterday began building
a torpedo magazine within one hun
dred feet of the quarantine station
and no time will be wasted in its com
pletion. The torpedo casement north
of the Ballast Point battery is ready
for the electricians. The torpedo sys
tem will command the deepest part of
the ship's channel just inside the
point, although the exact location is a
Government secret.
It is reported that the commanders
of the Monterey and the Monadnock
have received orders to be ready to
put to sea at a moment's notice.
All officers and employes at quaran
tine received orders from the surgeon
general of the marine hospital service
to wear their uniforms constantly
hereafter. The launch Point Loma
has been taken charge of by the army
officers and will be used exclusively
for military service.
WAR PAINT FOR THE
BATTLESHIP OREGON.
Before Going Into Action the Big
Vessel "Will Be Given a Sea
Green Coat.
Preparations for war are In progress
on board the United States battleship
Oregon. As is the usual custom, all
vessels which will engage in war,
should such a calamity arise, are paint
ed a color deceiving to the eye, and aft
er years of experience the heads of the
various war departments decided that
sea green would be the least liable to
detection, epecially during the night or
darkened days.
Following the decision, the paint for
the Oregon is mixed and ready for dis
tribution over the glistening white sides
c-f one of the best American vessels, and
in consequence all parties aboard are
interested to a nervous pitch. Three
barrels of the sea-green color have
been mixed and placed in the hold of
the vessel for immediate use, and it is
estimated that should the necessity
present itself the vessel could be paint
ed from stem to stern within six hours.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
LOS ANGELES'
NEW CHARTER
Council Passes Ordinance
Providing for Election
of Freeholders.
Plea of the Citizens for Better
Government Is Heeded by
City Fathers.
Among Other Matters to Be Provided
for Will Eo the Settlement of
the Water Question.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, March 17.— The City
Council, In special session to-day, passed
an ordinance of intention to hold an elec
tion to name a Board of Freeholders to
frame a new city charter. The ordinance
was passed by unanimous vote on request
of a committee representing the citizens.
Judge C. C. Wright delivered a brief
address to tho Council, reciting the neces
sity for a new charter, which is generally
recognized throughout the city.
This evening another meeting of citi
zens, made up of every political and
commercial body in the city represented
by delegates, was held. Chairman \V. C.
Patterson opening the meeting, stated
that he was very happy th note that thus
far everything in relation to the new
charter had progressed without friction.
At this meeting the intention was to
name fifteen freeholders to be voted on
at the next election. Most of the repre
sented bodies had their candidate ready
to name, but, inasmuch as the Council
had not yet passed the final ordinance
calling the election, it was decided that
the best thing to do would be to take an
adjournment until the final ordinance
was passed. After transacting some de
tail business this was done. The chair
man was directed to reconvene the con
ference as soon as the final ordinance had
been adopted;
IMPORTANT CHANGES
MADE AT STANFORD.
The New University Register Will
Contain Some Very Inter
esting Information.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 17.—
The final proofs of the new University
Register have been handed back to the
publisher, and the catalogue for 1897-98
will be ready for distribution very soon.
The number of Important changes and
modifications, which will go into effect
September, 1898, are noted. English la,
a preparatory course in literature, has
been made optional, leaving English lb,
the composition course, as the prescribed
requirement for admission in this par
ticular entrance subject. Recommenda
tions will no longer be received in the
English courses la and lb. In physics
the approved note book will waive exam
ination only in laboratory work, and will
not excuse a student from an examina
tion on the text of the subject. In his
tory, Greek and Roman history has been
replaced by ancient history, and students
hereafter will be required to hand in
note books approved by the teachers be
fore credit- will be given either on cer
tificate <>r examination. This change has
been made to improve the standard at
present existing in preparatory schools
in this branch of entrance work.
It is announced for the first time that
examinations passed at otner universities
may be offered in place of recommenda
tions from approved schools, provided a
sufficient number of examinations have
i>.-.-m passed to secure admission to the
vi: ■ en Ity from which they are off rod.
The requirements for admission of spe
cial students have been raised in two par
ticulars. Students hereafter must be at
least 21 years of age, instead of 20. and
if they have not an educational equiva
lent to that of first year students they
must be able to do advanced work in
some lino.
To secure advanced standing or extra
entrance subjects the student will hence
forth have to pursue the subjects in col
lege within two years after matriculation.
Thr.se who apply for this standing must
do so during the first semester they are
at the university.
Under "Courses of Instruction" Greek
and Latin have been grouped together
under classical languages. The depart
ment of ethics disap-ears altogether, the
work in the main being transferred to
the department of education, o«. which
Professor Griggs has become the head.
The most encouraging thing in the new
register is the fact that the statistics
show an increase over last year of 132,
anrl the major part of this increase comes
from California. The percentage of
women in college has risen nearly 1 per
cent.
Of major subjects law. English. <*duca
tion, mathematics, physiology and geol
osrv have shown the greaiest growth.
History has fallen off.
The "library statistics show 38,000 vol
umes and IS.OOO pamphlets, an increase of
3000 volumes and 3000 pamphlets over the
preceding year^
Death of Mrs. Campbell.
SAN JOSE, March 17.— Mrs. Louisa
Campbell, a pioneer resident of this State,
died at Agnewa Asylum yesterday. She
was a native of New York, and 83 years of
age. The deceased was committed to Agr
newa In 1890. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
™ any other guise.
Yet all the lives that are lost each year by
violence and accident are but an insignifi-
cant fraction to the untold thousands that
are 6lain by the grim destroyer, consump-
tion. It is the most insidious and the dead-
liest of all known diseases. It knows neith-
er rank nor wealth. It attacks people in all
the walks of life. It makes no distinctions.
It has for centuries been considered incur-
able. It is not.
An almost unfailing cure for consumption
is found in Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery. It acts directly upon the lungs and
also corrects the aggravating cause of the
disease. It corrects all disorders of the di-
gestion, invigorates the liver and makes the
assimilation of the food perfect, thus nour-
ishing and strengthening the system for its
battle with its relentless foe. It fills the ar-
teries with the rich, pure blood of health.
It builds new, healthy tissue in the lungs
and drives out all impurities and disease
germs. It cures 98 per cent, of all cases of
consumption. Thousands have testified to
their cures. All druggists sell it.
" I was taken sick in February. 1887, with ty-
phoid pneumonia," writes Mrs. "Henrietta Haft,
of Voorheesville, Albany Co., N. Y. " I then had
a miscarriage. I did not leave my bed to sit in a
chair till the first o r June. I had medical care all
that time. I was so weak I could not turn in bed
alone. The doctor said he could do no more for
me. I was coughing and raising and was almost
dead with consumption. I gave up to die. I took
seven bottles ( f Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery and ' Favorite Prescription ' together (not
seven of each), and I was then able to do my own
housework for my family of four. la less" than
three years from the time I began your medicine,
I grave birth ba healthy baby girl that weighed
eijjht pounds. I have had two children since,
and am enjoying good health now."
Pretty eyes, bright, snappy and full of fire
and life. Constipation makes the blood
impure, and the eyes get dull and heavy,
glazed and listless. Dr. Pierces Pleasant
Pellets cure constipation speedily and per-
manently They never gripe. They are
tiny, anti-bilious, sugar-coated granules.
One is a gentle laxative, two a mJld cathar-
tic. P sell them.
35 § i-aB
hi ' M-l^^
A Derby
Wlaimer!-
A Derby winner— a real smart
Eat is the Derby for Spring, in
browns and blacks — a hat that
hasn't its better in town at $2.
And all the new styles in Soft
Hats for men will be shown
Friday and Saturday. They're
a sweet lot of fashionable goods.
These at
95g.
A TROUSERS EVENT !
And it's no small one at that.
It embraces alo' of new sprint
colorings in Trousers for men—
a lot that yon would at any
time be willing to pay $3.50 for
a pair. They're alive with style,
fashion able ness and correct-
ness ; they're Trousers that fit.
and fi* perfectly. These in our
department devoted to Single
Trousers at
$1.78.
4 BIG BOYS' EVENT !
A lot of the newest and most
fashionable Suits for young
lien, those between the ages of
14 and 19. They're all new,
p resh spring styles. They're
oretty; they're smart looking :
they're swagger in point of
ityle; nothing in town at $12
ivill equal 'em. Not alone are
they pretty of fabric, but they're
rmart, snappy, up-to-date Suits.
These at
$6.98.
A lot of pretty
Sailors for little
#J|M huh-. in blue
/"--} Twill Cheviots.
(-gO^L/fi These a re a
/\k*w^ fashionable lot
LAV* of pretty goods,
IqLjld and they'll go
I /A. \ like hot cakes at
W the. price.
Jf V These at _
98c.
We will sell a lob of the new
Spring Straws
—^HflU^ or little folks
tC^ißgWfti to-day. All new
ft*' jf^f spring fashions
VrJ^ " and pretty
goods. They'll
' - ■ surely males a,
hit at the price, and that is
18c.
» + + + + + + + + ♦ + + + + + \<* ; :
k Going to the Klon- +
y dike? +
I Let us outfit you. >+■■■•
I We can save you a X
► lot of money. s X
ADVERTISEMENTS.
While- affairs with spasn :|| jjl. M ff : Wf )
fasten ; the people's attention: on , H^lf 111 : K-^ ill- il^--'ii "
this momentous question, we <^iiii hi^r^^^ll^Fl" -11
will, by way of diversion, give i'^ll >^^^&\l j^^^CJ^ W^i ■
you some delectable dishes I -
served from our all new and - j
rich spring fashions for woman, «s9|||w^BpjL ! ■ J^^^^^^ll ■• ;
Hot ■ Arc you thinking of Spring Underwear? ] If
V . A so, here's an item that's going to interest the
\i men folks. Seme remarkably clever things in
the ribbed Balbriggan, silky and soft; in shades
The Puff Scarf for Ladies, the Ion?, generous r~lf^^T\ of ecru and baby blue; they're
ones, the correct fashion, in fine soft Silks, am [(( ())] splendidly trimmed goods,
and cardinal. Not a store in town can you get i^rJ^ i splendidly fashioned goods'.
a Puff Scarf equal to these under $1. )7 * I You have paid $1 for rio better.
These to-day and Saturday at . . ' These, in our Men's Underwear
« g->^ Section, Friday and Saturday
■ 49C. UJ at 48c. ■'
— *5 i "" — — —
r^_ Our Ladies' Collar . Depart-
CgzJ^CSjf} ment now says Ready. Every
ftjwf ■ new shape that has been decreed
>-■*"■" '^-x. by Dame Fashion to be correct
wj \ will be in that department.
i^Sy».-^^ They're as good as anything in
I the market at 20c, and of course
L I J y° u know, nice, clean, new,
Tiiij^fo-- t fresh goods.
*^i^^S^ These Friday and Saturday at
IUC«
r^_ Our Ladies' Collar . Depart-
CgzJ^CSjf} ment now says Ready. Every
$J?? ' new shape that has been decreed
>-■*"■" '^-x. by Dame Fashion to be correct
wj \ will be in that department.
i^Sy».-^^ They're as good as anything in
I the market at 20c, and of course
L I J y° u know, nice, clean, new,
Tiiij^fo-- t fSJ!W fresh goods.
*||rppEif These Friday and Saturday at
IUC«
4 HANDKERCHIEF DEAL | HERE'S A FEAST
a oioreci-border Sandker -\ FOR LITTLE FOLKS!
jhief deal, and all new spring
odtterns— all high-class goods. di n + n . „..
A lot of pretty Colored- Bor- tf^ VAV A l Qt °f ?. ret fV
iered Handkerchiefs to-day, f^ Reefer Suits to-
Gentlemen's size, pretty pat- V*> day with their
terns ; double the money won't s^^, s " llor coll f r
touch 'em in other stores. These ?W/W\ |« » « ronsl y
xt I f<£ggj \ braided, brand
mm ii [ " /*> J new spring col-
OC« A f,* _J / or Ings ; awfully
£[ Another lot of ?iW^BW pretty at to^these
Another lot of fpf¥^ Added to these
/\. colored bordered US^^/ Reef er Suits are
/ V Handkerchiefs, , : -IMJ a lot of Suits for
/ X beautiful spring ■/ 1 JrLj\ the larger, boys,
®t .-*y patterns, for Il_ • '^J ; m , a de in the
ds&^&s*> gjmtlemeifsitae. \ lo"Al double-breasted
X-*^£sV<iy These are excel- ,[ p • at T\ fashion, up to
/\V^ : t^A lent goods , and . n^JL-JS^,. 16 years. On the
S£s£'jr- y 'ir wiUhe offered to A"L, [ whole, an ag-
you at Jj'Vj gregation of
: 8C» ■ " It 11 : : pretty: styles, of
<JW * }§■% durable fabrics,
Some real swell fancy bor- ' J-£L and the tiniest
iered Handkerchiefs for gentle- . & of tiny prices,
lien's use. Tale stripes, awfully .. These good suits
twell (foods; a quarter won't —but mind you, orf Friday and
buy-any better in other stores. Saturday only, and not after—
These at - at the price For pick,
lie. ; / $1.58.
9 11-1315 KEARNY S»T.
THE FRISCO BOYS.
TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS-8 FLOORS.
%? t3|
. ' _ '• - '-• '- ■ ' ■•'••' '■' ■
i HANDKERCHIEF DEAL !
A colored-border Handker- j
ihief deal, and all new spring
patterns— all high-class goods.
A lot 'of pretty Colored-Bor-
iered Handkerchiefs to-day,
gentlemen's size, pretty pat-
terns ; double the money won't
touch 'em in other stores. These
%t ' '■'■) '. ■ .';
Sc.
Another lot of
s^S. colored bordered
/ Handkerchiefs,
f >^ beautiful spring
'^7 patterns, for
n^^i ,j*^f%. gentlemen's use.
V!'*v<t£^£p These are excel -
/oii*V*vi^v^A. lent goods and
//$ will be offered to
'■ X» % -v^v'V^ you a J
Be.
Some real swell fancy bor-
iered Handkerchiefs for gentle -
rtisn'sus'e. Tale stripes, awfully
ell goods; a quarter won't
buy any better in other stores.
These at .
He.
Three Eights
Will Do the Work of Fifteen.
$15 these days buys a vers
excellent Suit for Gentlemen's
wear.
Now we've a lot of pretty
Spring Suits that we intended
to sell, at $15 that we will sell
at $15 when we get through
with Friday and Saturday's
offer. They're the prettiest lob
we, have ever asked the men
folks to come and look through.
The colorings are maryelously
handsome, the linings and
trimming* the same, as you'll
get in a SoOto-order Suit; make
and appearance the ' same. A
generous selection 'from the
newest and prettiest of Springs
Fabrics and Fashions, Just as "a
little flier in . our Men's Suit
rooms Friday and Saturday at
$B.BB*
A lot of pretty
Golf Shirts, thai
soft, cool shirt,
.fa«s|£?3ss|g»iL. to wear with
wh ite collar and
■188111 wS~ cuffs - A
Wto wear with
irh its collar and
cuffs. A big lot
of these to- day at
T&jSpMlw. : Another lot of
Golf Shirt 8,
made from fine
Botany . cloths,
- soft bosoms / to
be worn with white collar and
cuffs. These are a pretty lot, a
fashionable lot. Double the
money won't buy any better shirt
in other stores. . These at
58c.
j^ e 2 SSSj^a L d lot of White
%o^^J£SsL Dress Shirts to-
sflTrnTFT^ day in bur /Fur-
yr^fl ll^yl nishings section,
if \| regular length •
If I bosoms, finely
il i I laundered
fl 9 goods. Just mere-
%: . h If/'-, to c make new
%\ r Shirt friends
&{ ' /^. for our depart-
•j \ ■ / merit w 5 quote
' - v .-• \ 49c.
An opportune of- ' jks-
fering of Men's j^mh- *
Hose ; some real
fine ones, in <^S^iilf
heavy Balbrig- \DBh W^\
gait, in the tan V/U^lJJljgCfir.
an d mode "yJBSs \\ \
shades. A quar- £-flS|: ■ i*l& 77
ter won't buy IM^BA//
any better Hose ::^&iBßK£S^.
elsewhere. These
' "£■ t \ >. -f :>:>-,>> > ■ ,V t ♦ >'•
4- . ; - ••■ . - -'''■ ■ '•'■•■■ >
♦ We've -'everything £
+ you need to eat and
♦ wear for the Klon- *.
\ dike, X
' ® Vi"> -*■•-*-> ♦;,■*•> 4 >"*A " ; V4>" e ;
34
SENATOR
PROCTOR'S
STATEMENT
He Tells the American
People What He Saw
in Cuba.
With an Utter Absence of Sen=
sationalism, He Shows That
Conditions Have Become
Unbearable.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 17.
Senator Proctor of Vermont,
•who returned last Sunday from
an extended trip to and through
the island of Cuba, this after
noon made a statement to the
Senate of his observations on
the island. From many points
of view the statement was re
markable. It had evidently been
most carefully prepared. Every
element of sensationalism had
been studiously eliminated from
It, and, except so far as the facts
recited -were sensational, it bore
not the slightest evidence of an
effort to arouse the public mind,
already keenly alive to the con
dition of affairs on the island.
Calm and dispassionate to a notable
degree, the utterances of the Senator
aroused a breathless interest. Every
person within the sound of his voice
was convinced that he was putting his
observations into careful words, lest he
might subject himself to the criticism
of being emotional.
One of the best characterizations of
the statement was made by Senator
Frye of Maine a few minutes after its
delivery. "It is," said he, "just as if
Proctor had held up his right hand and
sworn to it."
That was the impression the state
ment made upon the Senate. The scene
just preceding and during the delivery
of the speech of Senator Proctor was
almost dramatic in the intensity of its
interest. The occasion of the address
arose very unexpectedly. The nation
al quarantine bill was under discussion,
and Senator Mallory of Florida had
been recognized for a speech in opposi
tion to the pending measure. Mr. Frye
entered the chamber, and, interrupting
Mr. Mallory, requested him to yield to
Mr. Proctor, who desired to make a
statement concerning his observations
in Cuba, of interest to the Senate and
to the country.
Instantly there was a commotion on
the floor and in the galleries. It had
been anticipated that Mr. Proctor
would soon make a statement, but it
was not supposed he would make it on
the floor of the Senate. A call of the
Senate was demanded by Mr. Chandler
of New Hampshire, and in a few min
utes every Senator in the Capitol was
in his seat and, the word having been
passed through the corridors, people
flocked into the galleries until they
were packed.
Senator Proctor was accorded the
closest attention throughout his speech.
He confined himself to his manuscript
and at the conclusion, while there was
no demonstration, he was cordially
congratulated by many of his col-
leagues.
Mr. Proctor read his speech from
manuscript, speaking rapidly, but
clearly. He said: "More importance
seems to be attached by others to my
recent visit to Cuba than I have given
it. It has been suggested that I make
a public statement of what I saw and
how the situation impressed me. This
I do on account of public interest in all
that concerns Cuba and to correct any
inaccuracies that have not unnaturally
appeared in some of the reported in
terviews with me.
"My trip was entirely unofficial and
of my own notion; not suggested by
any one. The only mention I made
of it to the President was to say to
him that I contemplated such a trip
and to ask him if there was any ob
jection to it, to which he replied that
he could see none. No one but my
self, therefore, is responsible for any
thing in this statement. Judge Day
gave me a brief note of introduction to
General Lee and I had letters of in
troduction from business friends from
the north to bankers and other busi
ness men at Havana, and they in turn
gave me letters to their correspondents
in other cities. These letters to busi
ness men were usually useful, as the
principal purpose of my visit was to
ascertain the views of practical men
of affairs upon the situation.
"Of General Lee I need say little. His
valuable services to his country in his
trying position are too well known to
all of his countrymen to require men
tion. Besides his ability, high charac
ter and courage, he possesses the im
portant requisites of unfailing taot and
courtesy, and withal his military edu
cation and training and his soldierly
qualities are invaluable adjuncts in the
equipment of our representative in a
country so completely under military
rule as is Cuba. General Lee kindly
invited us to sit at his table at the hotel
during our stay in Havana, and this
opportunity for frequent informal talks
with him was of great help to me. In
addition to the information he volun
tarily gave me, it furnished a conven
ient opportunity to ask him the many
questions that suggested themselves in
explanation of things seen and heard
on our trips through the country. I
also met and spent considerable time
with Consul Brice at Matanzas and
with Captain Barker, a stanch ex-Con
federate soldier, at Sagua la Grande, a
friend of the Senator from Mississippi
(Walthall). None of our representatives
whom I met in Cuba is of my politi
cal faith, but there is a broader faith
rot bounded by party line?. They are
all three true Americans and have done
excellent service.
"It has been stated that I said there
was no doubt the Maine was blowtt up
from the outside. This is a mistake. I
may have said that such was iha gen
eral impression among Americans in
Havana. In fact, I have no opinion
about it myself and carefully avoided
forming one. I gave no attention to
these outside surmises. I met the mem
bers of the court on their boat, but
would as soon approach our Supreme
Court in regard to a pending case as
that board. They are competent and
trustworthy within the lines of their
duty as any court in the land, and their
report, when made, will carry convic
tion to all the people that the exact
truth has been stated, just as far as it
is possible to ascertain it. An-i until
then surmise and conjecture are idle
and unprofitable. Let us calmly wait
for the report.
"There are six provinces in Cuba,
each, with the exception of Matanzas,
extending the whole width of the island
and having about an equal sea front on
the north and south borders. Matan
zas touches the Caribbean Sea only at
its southwest corner, being separated
from it elsewhere by the narrow pe
ninsula of Santa Clara province. My
observations were confined to the four
western provinces, which constitute
about one-half of the island.
"Havana, the great city and capital
of the island, is, in the eyes of the
Spanish and many Cubans, all Cuba,
as much as Paris is France. But hav
ing visited it in more peaceful times
and seen its sights, the tomb of Co
lumbus, the forts Cabanas and Morro
Castle, etc., I did not care to repeat
this, preferring trips in the country, j
Everything seems to go on much as I
usual in Havana. Quiet prevails, and j
except for the frequent squads of sol*
diers marching to guard and police
duty and their astounding presence in
all public places, one saw little signs
of war.
"Outside of Havana all is changed.
It is not peace, nor is it war. It is
desolation and distress, misery and
starvation. Every town and village is
surrounded by the trocha (trench), a
sort of rifle-pit, but constructed on a
plan new to me, dirt being thrown up
on the outside and the barbed wire
fence on the other side of the trench.
These trochas have at every corner
and at frequent intervals along the
sides what are called forts, but they
are really small block houses, many of
them more like a large sentry-box, and
with a guard of from two to ten sol
diers in each.
"The purpose of these trochas is to
keep the reconcentrados in as well as
to keep the insurgents out. In all the
surrounding country the people have
been driven into these fortified towns
and held there to subsist as they can.
They are virtually prison yards and
not unlike one in general appearance
except the walls are not so high and
strong, but they suffice, where every
point is in range of a soldier's rifle, to
keep in the poor reconcentrados, wo
men and children. Every railroad sta
tion is within one of these trochas and
has an armed guard. Every train has
an armored freight car, loopholed for
musketry and filled with soldiers, and
with, as I observed, usually, and was
informed was always the case, a pilot
engine a mile or so in advance. There
are frequent block houses inclosed by
the trocha and with a guard along the
railroad track. With this exception
there is no human life or habitation
between the fortified towns and vil
lages, and throughout the whole of the
four western provinces, except to a
very limited extent among the hills,
where the Spaniards have not been
able to go and drive the people to the
towns and burn their dwellings, I saw
no house or hut in the 400 miles of
railroad rides from Pinar del Rio
Province, in the west, across the full
width of Havana and Matanzas prov
inces, and to Sagua la Grande, on the
north shore, and to Cienfuegos, on the
south shore of Santa Clara, except
within the Spanish trochas.
"There are no domestic animals or
crops on the rich fields and pastures
except such as are under guard in the
immediate vicinity of the towns. In
other words, the Spaniards hold in
these four western provinces just what
their army sits on. Every man, woman
and child and every domestic animal,
wherever the columns have marched,
is under guard, and within their so
called fortifications. To describe one
place is to describe all. To repeat, it
is neither peace nor war. It is concen
tration and desolation. This is the
'pacified' condition of the four western
provinces.
'West of Havana is generally the
rich tobacco country, and east, so far
as I went, it is a sugar region. Nearly
all the sugar mills are destroyed be
tween Havana and Sagua. Two or
three were standing in the vicinity of
Sagua and part running, surrounded as
they are the villages, by trochas and
•forts' of palisades of the royal palm
and fully guarded. Toward and near
Cienfuegos there were more mills run
ning, but all with the same protection.
It is said that the owners of these mills
near Cienfuegos have beenabletoobtain
special favors of the Spanish Govern
ment in the way of a large force of
soldiers, but they also, as well as all
the railroads, pay taxes to the Cubans
for immunity. I have no means of
verifying this. It is the common talk
among those who have better means
of knowledge.
"All the country people in the four
western provinces, about 400,000 in num
ber, . remaining outside the fortified
towns when Weyler's order was made,
were driven into these towns, and these
are the reconcentrados. They were the
peasantry, many of them farmers, some
land owners, others renting lands and
owning more or less stock, others
working on estates and cultivating
small patches; and even a small patch
in that fruitful clime will support a
family. It is but fair to say that the
normal condition .of these people was
very different from that which prevails
in this country. Their standard of
comfort and prosperity was not high,
measured by our own. But, according
to their standards and requirements,
their conditions of life were satisfac
tory. They live mostly in cabins made
of palm or in wooden houses. Some of
them had houses of stone, the black
ened walls of which are all that remain
to show that the country was ever in
habited.
"Many doubtless did not learn of
Weyler's concentration order. Others
failed to grasp its terrible meaning. Its
execution was left largely to the guer
rillas to drive in all that had not
obeyed, and I was informed that in
many cases a torch was applied to their
homes without notice, and that the
j inmates fled with such clothing as they
I might have on their backs, their stock
and other belongings being appropriat
ed by the guerrillas. When they
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
reached the towns they were allowed to
build huts of palm leaves in the suburbs
and vacant places within the trochas
and left to live if they could. Their
huts are about ten by fifteen feet in
size, and for want of space are usually
crowded together very closely.
"They have no floor but the ground
and no furniture, and after a year's
wear but little clothing except such
stray substitutes as they can extem
porize. With large families or with
more than one in this little place, the
commonest sanitary provisions are im
possible. Conditions are unquestion
able in this respect. Torn from their
homes, with foul earth, foul air, foul
water and foul food, or none, what
wonder that one-half have died and
that one-quarter of the living are so
diseased that they cannot be saved. A
form of dropsy is a common form of
disease resulting from these condition^
Children are seen walking about with
arms and limbs terribly emaciated,
eyes swollen and abdomen bloated to
three times the natural size. The nhy
sicians say these cases are hopeless.
"Deaths in the streets have not been
uncommon. I was told by one of our
Consuls that they have found dead
about the markets in the morning,
where they had crawled, hoping to get
some stray bits of food from the early
hucksters, and that there had been
cases where they had dropped dead in
side the market, surrounded by rooo.
These people were independent and
self-supporting before Weyler's order.
They are not beggars even now. There
are plenty of professional beggais in
every town among the regvuar resi
dents, but these country people, the
reconcentra'dos, have not learned the
art. Rarely is a hand held out to you
for alms when going among their huts,
but the sight of them makes an appeal
Stronger than words.
"The dividing lines between parties
are the most straight and clear cut
that have ever come to my knowledge.
The division in our way was by no
means so clearly defined. It is Cuban
against Spaniard. It is practically the
entire Cuban population on one side
and the Spanish army and the Spanish
citizens on the other. I do not count
the autonomists in this division, as
they are so far too inconsiderable in
numbers to be worth counting. Gen
eral Blanco filled the civil offices with
men who had been autonomists and
were stili classed as such. But the
march of events has satisfied most of
them that the chance for autonomy
came too late.
It falls as talk of compromise would
have fallen the last year or two of our
war. If it succeeds it can only be by
armed force, by the triumph of the
Spanish army, and the success of Span
ish arms would be easier by Weyler's
policy and method, for in that the
Spanish army and people believe. There
is no doubt that General Blanco is act
ing in entire good faith; that he de
sires to give the Cubans a fair measure
of autonomy, as Campos did at the
close of the ten years' war. He has. of
course, a few personal followers, but
the army and Spanish citizens do not
want genuine autonomy, for that
means government by the Cubin peo
ple. And It is not strange that the Cu
bans say it comes too late. I have
never had any communication, direct
or indirect, with the Cuban junta in
this country, or any of its members,
nor did I have with any of the junta
which exists in every city and large
town of Cuba. Nuiie of the calls I
made were upon parties of whose sym
pathies I had the least knowledge, ex
cept that I knew some of them were
classed as autonomists. Most of my in
formants were business men who had
no sides and rarely expressed them
selves. I had no means of guessing in
advance what their answers would be
and was in most cases greatly surp
rised at their frankness.
"I inquired in regard to autonomy
of men of wreath, and men promi
nent in the cities of Havana,
Matanzas and Sagua, and bankers,
merchants, lawyers and autonomist
officials, some of them Spanish born,
but Cuban bred, one prominent Eng
lishman, several of them known as
autonomists and several of them tell
ing me they were still believers in
autonomy if practicable, but without
exception they replied that it was 'too
late' for that." Some favored a United
States protectorate, some annexation,
some free Cuba, not one had been
counted as favoring the insurrection at
first. They were business men and
wanted peace, but said it was too late
for peace under Spanish sovereignty.
They characterized Weyler's order in
far stronger terms than I can. I could
not but conclude that you do not have
to scratch an autonomist very deep to
find a Cuban. There is soon to be an
election, but every polling place must
be inside a fortified town. Such elec
tions ought to be safe for the 'ins.' I
have endeavored to state in not intem
perate mood what I saw and heard, to
make no argument thereon, but leave
every one to draw his own conclusions.
To me the strongest appeal is not the
barbarity practiced by Weyler, nor the
loss of the Maine, if our worst fears
should prove true, terrible as both of
these incidents are, but the spectacle of
a million and a half of people, the en
tire native population of Cuba, strug
gling for freedom and deliverance from
the worst misgovernment of which I
ever had knowledge. Whether our ac
tion ought not to be influenced by any
one or all these things, and if so, how
far, is another question.
"I am not in favor of annexation,
not because I would apprehend any
particular trouble from it, but because
it is not a wise policy to take in any
people of foreign tongue and training
and without any strong guiding Amer
ican element. The fear that if free, the
people of Cuba would be revolutionary
is not so well founded as has been sup
posed, and the conditions for good self
government are far more faA'orable.
The large number educated and
patriotic men, th» great sacrifices they
have endured, the peaceable tempera
ment of the people, white or black, the
wonderful prosperity that would come
surely with peace and good home rule,
the large influx of Americans and Eng
lish immigration and money, would all
be strong factors for stable institutions.
But it is not my purpose at this time,
nor do I consider it my province to sug
gest any plan. I merely speak of the
symptoms as I saw them, but do not
undertake to prescribe. Such remedial
steps as may be required, may safely
be left to an American President and
the American people."
Throughout the delivery of the ad
dress there was not an interruption.
At the conclusion there was no demon
stration either on the floor, or in the
galleries, although Senators here and
there about the chamber turned one to
another with such unusual remarks on
the Senate floor as "A remarkable
statement." "A simple; straightforward
statement of a horrible condition of af
fairs." and similar comments.
Proctor left the Senate chamber soon
after he had finished his address, but
not before he had been heartily con
gratulated by mnny of his colleagues.
MEMORIAL OF SAN
FRANCISCO MERCHANTS.
They Ask That Supplies for Indians
on Western Reservations Be Pur-
chased on This Coast.
TVASHINOTON. March 17.— Senator
Perkins to-day presented to the Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs a memorial of
the Board of Trade and the Manufactur
ers' Association of San Francisco asking
that supplies for Indians on Western
reservations be purchased on the Pacific
Coast instead of being imported from the
East.
Basaball for Charity.
SAN JOSE, March 17.— Over 2000 people
witnessed the ball game between the
Santa Clara College and Stanford Uni
versity nines yesterday afternoon. The
game "was played in behalf of the Pratt
Home and was a success financially.
Santa Clara won, after a hard struggle,
with a score of 14 to 6.
A SQUADRON AT
HAMPTON ROADS
This Looks Much Like a
Plan to Defend the
Capital.
Reasons Given by Officials at
Washington for the New
Move.
There Will Be Ko Lessening of the
Effective Naval Force at
Key West
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 17.
Orders were issued to-day for the for
mation of a new squadron of naval ves
sels to be stationed at Hampton Roads.
The squadron in the beginning will
consist of five -ships, all the best of
their types. Two of them, the battle-
ships Massachusetts and Texas, are
withdrawn from the present North At
lantic fleet at Key West and Tortugas.
In ordering this movement the Navy
Department is not animated by any
purpose of yielding to representations
or intimations that may have come
from the Spanish Minister. On the
contrary, the new squadron was
brought about by purely strategic
considerations, although it appears
from the nature of the force so far
under orders to rendezvous at Hamp
ton Re-ads that thia strategy is of the
defensive nature. The new squadron
cannot be called a "flying squadron"
because the association of heavy battle
ships with fleet cruisers like the Brook
lyn, Columbia and Minneapolis reduces
the available speed of the whole to the
speed of the slowest vessel, and the
squadron could not do much "flying" in
the naval sense. The indications rather
are that when re- enforced by some
smaller cruisers the squadron will con
stitute an ideal na\al defense.
For the past two months influences
have been at work in the Navy De
partment about this change, and as a
policy board, heade.l by Captain Crown
inshield, has been in frequent session
of late at the depar ment, it is believed
that it has indorsed the plan at last.
Although the other ships to be added
to the squadron have not yet been de
finitely selected, it is surmised that
they will include some of the other
battle-ships at Key West and the ar
mored cruiser New York, in which case
Admiral Sicard, it Is believed, will com
mand the new force. In place of the
cruiser New York the people of Key
West will look upon the grim outlines
of the big monitor Puritan, suppi>sed
ly the most powerful ship in smooth
water in the world. She will have to
assist her on guard the double-turreted
monitor Miantonoin>h and the moni
tor Amphitrite. Tne Puritan is now
at Norfolk, almost ready for sea; the
Miantonomoh is at League Island,
quite ready, and so is the Amphitrite
at Port Royal, S. C, so the order in
the end will result in the gathering of
the pick of the North Atlantic squad
ron at Hampton J:oads. The place is
said to be the }>• .-(. strategic point on
the Atlantic coas 1 :. It is almost cen
trally located and the ships from
there can reach any portion of the
coast in short order. Besides, the sec
ond best navy-yard in the country is
there to fall back upon for repairs to
the ships. There is plenty of the best
coal at Newport News, there Is easy
water to navigate, and finally the forts
at Hampton Ruads may serve as a base
of operations in case of need for pro
tection. These are the considerations
which animated the Navy Department
in making this new order.
It is announced that the commander
of the new squadron has not yet been
selected, and pending that selection or
the arriv;il in port of Admiral Sieard it
is expected that Captain Higginson, the
command, r of the battle-ship Massa
chusetts and the senior officer, will
hold the command of the squadron.
Remaining at Key West after the de
parture of the Massachusetts and the
Texas, Admiral Sieard will still have a
fleet of his own, when the spectacle will
be presented of a fleet and a squadron
on one station, something not seen
since the Civil War.
The monitors which It Is designed to
send to Key West are said to be well
fitted for the service. Owing to their
light draft of from fifteen to sixteen
feet, they will be able to navigate safe
ly the shallow waters of the Florida
coast and will not be obliged, like the
lowa, to lie six miles out at sea from
Key West to secure enough water un
der the keel.
The gunboat Helena reported to the
department that she had sailed to-day
from Funchal, Madeira, for Key West,
to join the squadron. It is now said
that it has been definitely determined
to bring the battle-ship Oregon around
South America to Key West.
The Navy Department has issued or
ders that such trial as may be made of
the new torpedo-boat Rodgers shall
take place while the boat is under way
Saturday next from Baltimore to Nor
folk. She will also go southward to
join the flotilla at Key West. The Co
lumbia and Minneapolis are still each
260 men short of their full quota, but it
is expected that enough men will be
secured in the course of a few days to
enable the ships to be sent to Hampton
Roads to execute the orders issued to
day. _^__^__^__— —
THAT SAN PEDRO
HARBOR CONTEST.
Again There Is a Delay in Making
the Award and Commencing
the Work.
WASHINGTON. March 17.— The award
of the contract for San Pedro harbor is
for some reason being delayed, although
it was announced at the engineer office
of the War Department several days ago
that the contract would be let to the
lowest bidders, Heldemi^r & New of Chi
cago, as soon as Chief <>f Engineers Wil
son n turned from the Tortupas, but he
has been back several days and nothing
has yet been done. Secretary Alger gave
orders that all of the papers be sent to
him. so the whole matter is now in the
hands of the Secretary.
DROWNED IN BEAR CREEK.
Little Edwin Acres Falls Into the
Water and Perishes.
MERCED, March 17.— Charlie Acres,
the 5-year-old son of Edwin Acres of this
city, while playing along the banks of
Bear Creek near town this afternoon, ac
cidentally fell Into the water and was
drowned. His body was found floating in
the water an hour or two after the catas
trophe. The boy was in company of a
playmate, who evidently did not realize
his companion was in danger.
White Held for Time.
STOCKTON, March 17.— The prelimi
nary examination of James White, a
traveling pump mender, on the charge of
attempted criminal assault on the 8-year
old daughter of Rev. Mr. Meredith, was
held with closed doors before Justice
Parker to-day. White was held, with
bonds fixed at 16000.
THE TREASURES
OF THE MAINE
Divers Still Find Many
Things in the Wrecked
Battle-Ship.
Position of the Anchor Con
firms the Theory of Outside
Explosion.
The Cruiser Montgomery Sails Away,
Much to the Regret of Her
Officers.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett
HAVANA, March 17.— The divers did
more work on the Maine to-day than
on any three days heretofore. The
naval divers, under Morgan, who went
below with them, cleared away the
debris from some six-inch rifles which
will now be raised by the powerful ap
paratus on board the Chief.
The Maine's port and starboard an
chors were raised, and their position,
divers say, shows how the bow was
swung to port by the force exerted
amidships and in a direction from port
to starboard. Lieutenant-Commander
Wainwright's watch was found on the
table stopped at 9:36, the time of the
explosion. Chaplain Chadwick's watch
was also found. It indicated 10:30, and
it is believed the shock moved the hour
hand. The candelabra given to the
chaplain and his Bible and other things,
which he deemed invaluable, were re
covered, together with Wainwright's
jewelry and the sword of Lieutenant
Catlin of the marines. Lieutenant Jen
kins' sword will be sent north on the
next steamer.
A large number of big shells were
taken up and unloaded. The work done
by the navy divers to-day required
great courage, as Morgan led his men
through the hatchways and crooked
passages in the debris where their posi
tion made it impossible for them to
signal the men tending the air tubes
above.
One of the divers had the glass
front of his helmet broken just as
he was descending, by the foot of an
other man in heavy harness. Had the
accident happened a minute later, the
divers say, the man would have been
dead before the linemen answered his
signal to be pulled out.
In reference to the position of the an
chors, it will be recalled, as the Herald
told, that the ship's back was broken.
The line ofr force from nort to star
board, and exerted amidships, would
throw the bow somewhat to port, as
the anchors indicate it did. Powelson
directed the wreckers forward to-day
and Wainwright those aft.
It is reported here to-night from
Washington that the decision of the
Court of Inquiry will be in McKinley's
hands by Saturday.
The cruiser Montgomery sailed at
5:30 this afternoon for Key West. Cap
tain Converse and his officers seemed to
be sorry to leave Havana, and so ex
pressed themselves to the American
correspondents.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senator Perkins Having Some Im
portant Amendments Made to
the Sundry Civil Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 17.— Senator Per
kins went before the Senate Committee
on Appropriations to-day and advocated
an amendment to the sundry civil appro
priation bill providing for a revenue cut
ter for the Pacific Coast at a cost of $200,
000. The Treasury Department has rec
ommended this amount, and a separate
bill has already passed the Senate, but
is shelved in the House Committee on In
terstate Commerce. So it will probably
be tacked on to the sundry civil bill.
Senator Perkins will also endeavor to
have an appropriation of $12,500 to stock
the Government fish hatcheries in Cali
fornia inserted as an amendment in the
sundry civil bill. This amount has been
recommended by Fish Commissioner
Bowers and Dr. Ravenei of the commis
sion, both of whom appeared before the
Fisheries Committee of the Senate to
day. Senator Perkins wIU also ask for an
appropriation in the general deticiency
appropriation bill for the purchase by the
Government of the old hatcheries in Cal
ifornia. This was passed by the Senate
in the last Congress, but was knocked out
in the House. Perkins to-day presented
a proposed amendment to the naval ap
propriation bill, directing the Seereiary
of the Navy to prepare and insert in the
regular estimates of appropriations an
estimate of the cost of constructing a
wharf, coal bunkers, derricks and tram
way on one of the Government reserva
tions bordering on San Francisco Bay,
suitable for the location of a naval coal
ing station. •
Representative Barham to-day intro
duced a bill granting a pension of $'M
per month to Patrick H. Hurley of Cali
fornia.
The Secretary of the Navy to-day rec
ommended to Congress an appropriation
of $168 to compensate the \ allejo Land
and Improvement Company for damage
done their wharf at South Vallejo by tin-
United States tug Unadilla. The report
of the captain of the Navy Yard at Val
lejo says that the damage done by the
tug was while towing a lighter contaih
ing ammunition for shipment East.
The Senate Committee on Commerce
to-day gave a hearing on Senator White's
seamen s bill. Andrew Furuseth of San
Francisco appeared before the commit
tee in favor of Its passage.
Army orders: By direction pt the As
sistant Secretary of War, Charles
Breuchle, Battery C, Third Artillery,
now at the Presidio of San Francisco, is
transferred to the hospital corps as a
private.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California — Original, William Feldman,
Petaluma, $8; increase, Henry Schwaben
land, Stockton, $C to $8; Leroy C. Tippy,
Hornbrook, $6 to $10; August Jehle. San
Jose, $8 to $10; original widows, etc. , Mary
English, San Francisco, $8; Henrietta
Uschott, Garvanza, $8.
Washington— lncrease, Noah I. Edgill,
Port Townsend, $6 to $10.
Oregon — Original, George Carlon, Rose
burg, $12.
LEGISLATORS AT NAPA.
Members of a Committee to Visit the
Hospital for the Insane.
NAPA, March 17.— A party of prominent
men connected with the State Legislative
Committee on Public Institutions arrived
in Napa this evening. Among the party
were Dr. Hatch of the State Lunacy
Commission, General Barrett of the Napa
State Insane Hospital directors, General
John H. Dickinson, J. J. Boyoe of Santa
Barbara, C. M. Simpson of Pasadena, T.
F. J. Brandon of San Jose, E. J. Mott of
San Francisco and Senator Prisk of Ne
vada County.
The party will remain in Napa over to
morrow, when they will make an official
visit to the Napa State Insane Hospital.
Among other prominent visitors in Napa
are R. H. Beamer and State Controller E.
P. Colgan of the State Board of Equali
zation. Hon. U. S. Grant, wife and
daughter, accompanied by Hon. Frank
A. Leach. Superintendent of the Mint,
also arrived in Napa to-night on a tour
of sightseeing to Napa Valley, which they
will visit to-morrow.
Work on the Valley Road.
TULiARE, March 17.— Grant Brothers'
Valley Road grading outfit reached here
to-day from Bakersfield. It will proceed
at once to grade the line from Tulare to
the Junction of the main line, twenty
miles west. Work will be pushed and the
grade will be ready for tracklayers soon.
PLOT TO
DESTROY
THE MAINE
Almost Conclusive Evi=
dense Is Furnished by
a Yankee Skipper.
Tells a Correspondent of The
Call What He Told the Court
of Inquiry at Ha
vana.
o SOBRAL PROMOTED, o
o — 2
O MADRID, March 17.— 1n the O
O presence of the Queen Regent, O
© Senor Sagasta this afternoon O
© gave a full recitation of the sit- Ovation
© uation between Spain and the O
© United States. It was a plain, O
O unvarnished statement, not con- O
O cealing the worst. It was on the O
© occasion of the weekly council O
O of Ministers at the palace. O
© General Blanco telegraphs a ©
© highly optimistic view of af- O
© fairs in Cuba. O
O It is significant that Senor So- ©
O bral.late naval attache at "Wash- ©
0 ington, who has the full plans of O
© all the United States coast de- O
O fenses, has been appointed on the O
© staff of the admiralty, and had O
© a long conference to-day with O
O the Minister of State. -> O
© The Stock Exchange takes a O
© bull view of the situation, and O
© added another solidTise yester- O
O day. O
n G
-f BOSTON, March 17.— Captain ♦
■♦• Frank Canavan, the well-known +
-f- yacht skipper, who arrived in +
-♦■ Portland, Me., to-day, from +
-t- Washington, having gone there +
>• direct from Havana, where he +
-f has been staying ever since +
+ last November, told The Call ♦
-f man to-day the damning cvi- ♦
+ dence he gave the court of in- ■♦■
■f quiry. ♦
Captain Canavan was an eye-wit
ness of the explosion that destroyed
the Maine, as well as a constant visit
or of the various resorts around the
shore of Havana where the Spanish
soldiers and sailors congregate.
Captain Canavan Is well known all
along the Atlantic Coast as a man of
the highest Integrity. He is as fa
miliar with the Spanish language as
the average American is with the
English, and as he is short and slender
and very dark he would pass without
suspicion in a crowd of Spaniards. He
overheard something in his travels in
Havana during the interval between
the reception of the news of the dis
patch of the Maine and her arrival
there which led him to call on and
consult General Lee and warn him
that there was trouble in store for the
ship.
He says General Lee promised to no
tify Captain Sigsbee immediately on his
arrival and cause him to keep a sharp
lookout both day and night for trouble.
Captain Canavan says he heard a man
who is in an official position somewhat
similar to our inspector of buildings
tell another man who keeps a hardware
store that he had heard form a rela-
tive who was in the Government's
service that a terrible accident was
likely to happen to the Maine.
He got into conversation with the
captain of one of the harbor launches
the day the Maine arrived and asked
him if he thought it was safe to have
her anchored as near the shore as she
was. The Spaniard replied that they
would look out for that all right at the
proper time and would see that no
harm came to any innocent persons.
Captain Canavan further states that
it was common talk among men who
hang around the wharves all the time
that the harbor was full of mines and
torpedoes. He says the Maine was
moved from her first anchorage to the
fatal buoy, at which no vessel had
been known to have tied for the last
two years. A German bark was moored
there late one afternoon, but she was
immediately towed away by a Govern
ment tug. The reason given at the
time was there was a converging pipe
for the mine system near the buoy and
it was feared that some accident might
happen.
Captain Canavan was on the water
front in company with a junior officer
of one of the Spanish regiments at the
time of the explosion. He described it
not as a sharp explosion, such as one
would expect from an explosion on a
ship.
He said . slowly and impressively:
"You can say that I give it as my own
individual opinion that the explosion
was below the surface of the water,
and not in the hold of the ship on the
surface of the water."
He says there were two explosions
precisely the same in force and volume,
with an interval from four to six sec
onds between them. His companion be
came greatly excited and made some
admissions which Captain Canavan
said he felt it his duty to repeat to Gen
eral Lee, and later to the Court of In
quiry. He refuses to tell what the offi
cer said, but got around it by saying:
"I gathered from what I heard that
the explosion occurred before it was
expected."
Captain Canavan says he thinks
there was a well arranged plot to do
the trick on a certain night or day,
and that some one who was in the se
cret inspired, either by aguadiente or
patriotic zeal or by accident, touched
the mine off prematurely. Captain Can
avan says a bugle was blowing on the
Alfonso XII at the precise moment of
the explosion, but thinks this was only
a coincidence.
He says the suspicious suddenness
with which the boats put out from the
Spanish ship and began picking up the
wounded was not a thing to causu 1 ex
citement. The men had been drilling
with boats and going away from the
ship for weeks, and it is not to be won
dered that they were in good prac
tice.
Captain Canavan says he had a talk
with a workman on the tug Right Arm,
who said he saw a piece of submarine
cable with seven wires in it which Lieu
tenant-Commander Wainwright cut off
from a long piece that was pulled up
from the bottom, and that is now in
the possession of the Court of Inquiry.
"It is your firm conviction, then, tiial
the Maine was blown up by a mine^
exploded by electricity from the shore .
wag asked.
"Yes, sir," was the reply, and I . als *<»
think that it was a case of wheels
within wheels, as they say, that thera
was a plot to do the trick, and that
some one person got ahead of the plot
and did the deed on his own respon
sibility."
CAPTAIN BRUNTON
WILL NOW RETURN
So There Will Be a Boom
Among the Athletes at
Stanford.
Timely Arrival of the Track Leadef
Means Much to the Boys Who
Wear Cardinal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO, March 17.— Unless some
thing- unexpected intervenes Jack Brun
ton, the sprinter and track captain whom
Stanford has been mourning as lost to
her since his departure several weeks ag-o,
will return to college in time to get Into
condition for the field day. A letter n
ceived to-day at the Sigma Rho f rat. r
nity, of which he is a member, announr. .1
that he would probably arrive in Palo
Alto on April 5 The favorable turn
which things have taken on account of
the improvement in the health of Brim
ton's father means a great deal toward
Stanford's making a good showing in the
track events. Without Brunton the car
dinal would have no chance of winnlr.;'
first places in the three sprints, and sec
ond place in these same events would
not be beyond the Berkeley sprinters.
Since Brunton's departure the tempo
rary captain, Paul Walker, has been de
voting much time to the track men. aivl
very efficient work has been done. or.
his arrival Captain Brunton will find his
athletes in proper form and can devote
his time almost entirely towa-4 ««><u
tioning himself.
MOVEMENTS OF THE
REVENUE CUTTERS.
Chief Schoemaker Says the Corwin
Will Not Be Sent to Follow
the Bear. ™
"WASHINGTON, March 17. — Chief
Schoemaker, of the revenue cutter ser
vice, said to-night that it had been de
cided not to send the cutter Corwin to
follow the Bear, but the Corwin would
spend the summer at St. Michael. Tha
McCullough. the new cutter built by the
Cramps, and now en route to the coast
via the Suez canal. Is expected to reach
her destination shortly after the Cornin
leaves. The Corwin will sail about the
middle of April.
«jua Yes, who is there that has
IT DU respect for you as » man?
Is it true that you have no re-
spect for your own manliness P It
is true that no one else who knows
you intimately has. Those shaking
limbs; the weary and weak "all-
gone" feeling; the sleeplessness; the
worried look. What does it all meanP
You know as well as any one.
r» i fi\ Yes, who said mat you were even
NAIII a half man? Drains have been
*•"**■' taxing your system In a way that
you don't know, and most likely cannot
appreciate. Are you going to allow them
to continue? You will be nothing of a
man at all if you do. That is the truth.
It is not pleasant for you to hear or see-
But it ls truth.
vnu Yes< you * This talk is good
IU LI for YOU to read. How many
times in the last year have you
promised yourself that you would do
something to help yourself? And you
have done just nothing! This is
abusing your system in a way that
it will not stand. If you have erred
before, why not behave nowP Use
your common sense.
*»7f^f*f» Yes, were you ever bothered
Wrnr about your condition? If not
it mjixej lt ls about time ihat you gave
heed to the infallible signs that your
friends see — even if you are still ~.ind to
thorn. There is still hope for you— you
need not bother auout that, but in the
putting off of treatment you risk your
whole manhood. Think of it!
A Yes, a MAN. Each man in this
wide world has to see to it that
his powers are protected. If he has
hollow cheeks and sunken eyes, un-
strung nerves and unnatural long-
ings, he may make up his mind that
the sooner he writes to the famous
Hudson Medical Institute the sooner
will he get relief. He will be a manly
man!
Iff 1 V Yes - a mar >ly man. Not one of
111 ari the days of your Hfe need be
iur»n spent in the way that you are ac-
customed to spend them — worrying over
your condition. Get the treatment that
some ten thousand others have got. It
has cured that number on this Slope.
You can call and get medical advice free.
You can write and get the most convinc-
ing testimonials and medical advice iree,
too! Be a man!
Blood taint is cured by the "30-day
blood cure." Catarrh is most excal-
lently treated — Kidney, liver and
bladder troubles disappear very
quickly under the treatment admin-
istered at the big institute. Why wil* I
you continue to suffer when yovi
might be well?
budson medicaT institute,
BTOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS BTB^
San Francisco.DOUBLE TRAGEDY
IN THE NAPA WILDS
MURDER AND
SUICIDE ON A
LONELY ROAD
Vietorina Sasselli, the
Belle of Chiles,
Slain.
Shot by a Rejected Suitor,
Who Then Killed
Himself.
Terrible Crime Committed, on
the Roadside of a Rugged
Mountain Canyon.
DRAGGED WHILE DYING.
The Young Victim Remained Dang
ling From a. Buggy While
Passing Her Home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHILES VALLEY, Napa County,
March IT.— Because she refused an of-
Eer of marriage, Vlctorina Sasselli, the
belle of Chiles Valley, lies dead in her
picturesque mountain home, and Jules
Behn, the man who shot her, has de
nied the county the poor privilege of
having him hanged. He, too, ia dead,
and by his own hand.
The tragedy occurred just at dusk on
Wednesday evening in one of the wild
est canyons among the Napa hills. The
murderer was taking her home, and as
the buggy climbed the grade and
wound in and out around the cliffs and
precipices he shot the girl he thought
he loved, and then jumping down into
the road he turned the weapon upon
himself.
The shots aroused the horse, and he
started on, the bleeding, dying girl
clutching the seat and ctrivine to keep
her consciousness until she reached her
home, just around the last bend in the
canyon.
For half a mile the horse plodded up
the grade, drawing the buggy and itr
awful burden. On one side was the al
most overhanging hill; on the other,
hundreds of feet below. Sage Creek
boiled ar.d roared over its rocky bed,
anft a turn to the side would tumble
wagon and horse and helpless passen
ger far down among the trees in the
bottom of the gorge. But the horse
rounded the curves in safety, and went
on out of the canyon and do-wn past the
little house hanging on the steep hill-
Bide.
The girl must have seen and recog
nized her home, for she tried to get
out of the buggy; but her strength
failed, and as she fell forward her dress
caught in the steps, and having re
ceived no word to stop, the horse kept
on dragging the almost helpless girl
akrng the road, and leaving past the
house a trail of red.
The girl's mother saw her as a turn
in the road was hiding the wagon from
sight, and, running after it, the mother
stopped the horse and forced her
daughter's body from between the
wheels. She thought there had been
some horrible accident, and she called
on her daughter to tell her what had
happened. The girl tried to speak, but
md came from her lips, and then,
in her mother's arms, she died.
Behn was a farmhand, who worked
for a man named Severs, near St. Hel
ena. He met his victim about seven
months ago, and at once commenced to
pay her marked attention. Her moth
er is a Frenchwoman, and she raised
her daughter according to the strict
code which France has adopted in re
gard to the deportment of young la
dies. As a consequence the girl was
never allowed to go out alone with
Behn, nor to see him except under
chaperonage, and when he became her
suitor he was told by the girl herself
that his suit was hopeless. She was too
young, she said, and she was only 16,
but even if she were older she would
never marry him. He pleaded and
threatened, but to no avail, and then
he said he would go away.
Wednesday Sasselli started for St.
Helena on some surveying business,
and as he cannot speak very good Eng
lish, his daughter, Victorina, went with
him.
There are two roads leading to the
Sasselli home, one up through Chiles
Valley and the other through Sage
Canyon The Sassellis live almost at
the junction of Sage and Chiles. The
girl and her father were nearly due to
return when Behn drove up the Chiles
Valley road and stopping at the house
asked if Victorina was there. Mrs.
Sasselli told him she and her father
had gone to St. Helena, but were prob
ably on their way home. Behn said
he would go to meet them, and he
started on in the direction in which
he had been going and which would
lead him down the Sage Canyon road.
About three miles from the house
Behn met father and daughter, and he
Immediately turned his buggy round
and said he would go home with them.
He wanted Victorina to get in the
buggy with him, but she would not.
He pleaded and threatened, and fin
ally said it was an "old plug' they
■were driving anyhow, and she had bet
ter get in with him. as he had a good
horse, and would get her home quick
ly. Yielding to such entreaties she
left her father's buggy, and within a
few minutes Behn had driven so far
ahead that the bends in the road hid
the buggies from each other.
It was an "old plug" Sasselli was
driving, and climbing the grade was
slow work, but the hoFse was not too
old to shy violently at a grewsome ob
ject, shapeless in the gathering twi
light, and lying across the wheeltracks
just where the road seemed to swing in
midair so high was it above the
gorge. . : V-.-
Hastily alighting Sasselli knelt by
the body, and at once saw it was Behn.
"It was the gorge," . ■, was his first
thought, and as he stepped to the edge
to peer down into the depths for the
fragments of the buggy, his foot struck
a pistol. Then he suspected the truth.
Regardless of the narrow road, the
frowning precipices or the hungry
roar of the river, he lashed his old
VICTORINA SASSELLI.
FROM THE MURDERER TO
HIS VICTIM'S MOTHER.
i __
Chiles Valley, March 16.
Madame Sasselli:
I write this to you to beg your pardon for the action I am going to
commit. I love her so much that I would rather be dead with her than
see her alive in the arms of another. Yours devotedly,
JULIUS BEHN.
P. S. — My parents' address is Jean Behn, Mocoville Bienne, Canton
Berne, Switzerland.
horse around the sharp turns and
reached the house to find his daughter
dead.
She was laid tenderly upon a
lounge in the homely little sitting room
but the body of the murderer was al
lowed to remain out on the hillside,
with a fire burning near, so no skit
tish horse might swerve away from it
and over the brink. It had worked evil
enough already. Late at night it was
taken to St. Helena.
Looking back over the road, one
brother found the dead girl's hat and
another found her cloak, torn, dust
begrimed and spotted with red; and
then some neighbor came in and said
he would notify the Coroner.
The mother took but one look at her
daughter's face. As she lifted the littlr
head from the dust two cruel wounds
one in the cheek and one by the ear —
told her the nature of the accident, and
she needed not to await the arrival of
her husband, bearing news of chat
other body down the canyon by the
roadside. Since that one sight th<i
mother will not look upon her child, but
she goes out to the fence, where hangs
the tattered cloak, made more grim and
suggestive because she has tried to
clean it; and then she cries over it,
softly and to herself.
"She was a good girl," the mother re
peats, and the people who have come
from all over the hills nod decidedly and
eyes flash a challenge for any one to
deny it.
She was a well educated girl, could
speak fluently three languages, and
was a pianist of considerable ability.
She was bright and pretty, and she
was a. favorite in the hills and people
sought her company. Behn was 26, he
had told the Sassellis, and they did not
suspect Ms mad infatuation until he
boldly demanded the girl in marriage.
But he could never say his attentions
were sought by his victim.
All this the mother tells with clear
eyes and a steady voice. It eases her
grief to tell of the beauty and the
goodness of her daughter; but when
she has said it all she turns again to
the cloak she is trying so hard to clean,
and the tears come again as ehe thinks
of that home coming.
An inquest was held at the Sasselli
home, and the verdict was that the
girl had been murdered by Julius Behn,
and then an inquest was held ovor
Behn's body in St. Helena and the ver
dict there was suicide.
WHERE VICTORINA SASSELLI WAS MURDERED.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 189 S.
IMPORTANT OYSTER
BEDS DISCOVERED
Rich Finds of the Bivalves
Made on North Bay,
Near Tacoma.
Enough to Supply the Pugat Sound
Country if Properly Developed
and Protected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash.. March 17.— Two Im
portant oyster beds have been discovered
on Pug-et Sound— one near >v hatcom and
the other on North Bay. forty miles from
Tacoma. For many years the beds near
Olympia have partially supplied Puget
Sound with bivalves, but the increased
demand has resulted in the raising of
prices. A search for other beds has
proved futile for years, the water of the
lower sound being generally too deep for
them. The beds now discovered are
therefore, considered of great importance.
Claims covering them have been filed.
Their owners expect to soon supply the
entire Northwest with oysters and to im
prove the quality by transplanting here
larger oysters from San Francisco Bay.
Near Whatcom beds of hardshell clams
have been found for the first time on
Puget Sound.
William Buding, owner of fifteen acres
of North Bay oyster land, would not
trade it for a Klondike claim. He and
his neighbors are diking extensively to
prevent the exposure of the oysters at
low tide, which would result in inoir be
ing frozen some cold nij?ht. Observation
shows that North Buy oysters have been
partially exterminated by starfish, which
embrace bivalves and suck their life
away. To overcome this a fertilizing
plant is being started. The starfish will
be gathered and converted into fertili
zers, the surrounding farms being defi
cient in phosphorus, which they contain.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March 17.— C. H. Beat
ty, San Francisco. St. James; H. T. Johns,
Los Angeles, National Hotel.
WILL FIGHT
JIM REA TO
THE FINISH
Vigorous Action of the
New Charter Club
of San Jose.
Decides to Uphold Jarman
and Denounces Vile
Acts of a Boss.
Candidates Will Stand or Fall
Together in the Reform
Battle.
BOODLERS ARE SCATHED.
Men Who Have Been Looting the
Garden City Are Given
Timely Warning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 17.— 8y unanimous
vote and with hearty enthusiasm, the
New Charter Club to-night, by formal
resolution, denounced the action of
Jim Rea In his attack on a candidate
of that organization, and pledged un
qualified support to J. P. Jarman, the
man assailed. The resolution adopted
is as follows:
Whereas, It baa come to our knowledge
that J. P. Jarman, one of our most hon
ored members, a citizen who stands high
in the esteem of the people of San Jose,
and a candidate for one of the highest
offices in the municipality indorsed by
this club and oth.-r worthy organizations,
has been made the subject of a most In
famous attack by a notorious political
boss, a man who has long occupied a po
sition inimical to the welfare of the city
and county, and
Whereas Bald attack was not based
upon facts, but rather was inspired by
malice and revenge upon a man who has
steadfastly opposed every step of the
bosses and tin- .-lement has prostituted
this government to private gain, and to
the end that a political monopoly may be
fastened upon the people of this city;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That the members of this
club hereby express their most implicit
confidence in th<- integrity of J. P. Jar
man and that we hereby pledge our un
qualified support to him in his courage
ous fight against the corrupt political
forces that Infest this city and their noto
rious leader.
Several of the members made short
speeches in favor of the adoption of
the resolution, and the story of San
Jose's spoliation and state o-f political
bondage was told in unmistakable lan
guage. Many striking facts were also
set forth bearing directly on the pend
ing campaign.
D. M. Burnett remarked that ever
since the movement for good govern
ment was inaugurated much abuse had
been heaped up"n the members of the
New Charter Club, their friends and
the principles they advocate.
"The gentlemen who are opposed to
us," he cc-ntinued, "have taken it upon
themselves to attack us. They have
made statements about us that are ab
solutely unfounded on fact. They have
now capred the climax by attacking
Mr. Jarman."
After paying a hteh tribute to the in
tegrity of Jarman, he added: "I think
it proper that the club take action —
public action— in 'defense of Mr. Jar
nan. It is an outrage that Mr. Jar
man should be thus attacked when no
foundation for such attack exists."
C. L. Whitten declares that the at
tack against Jarman was not against
that gentleman as an individual, but
against him as a representative of the
New Charter Club and as a candidate
Indorsed by the Charter Club for Coun
cilman at large.
"Jarman was attacked," he said, "be
cause he was a strongcandidate. While
some of us have escaped these attacks
it is our duty to stand by those who
have not escaped the shafts of these
people. It is our duty to get behind
every man who is attacked, whether as
an individual or as a candidate."
Judge J. R. Lewis' remarks were the
most pointed made during the meeting.
"It Is notorious," he began, "that our
political boss is a man of great avoir
dupois. I am told he is a trained ath
lete. Now, if Mr. Jarman were a man
of equal avoirdupois and strength and
had knocked his traducer down there
would need to be no sympathy for him.
A distinguished attorney told me that
Mr. Jarman has been here for thirty
years, and that during all this time he
has borne the reputation of being a
first-class, honest man. Now, you will
find that a man, no matter In what
community he lives, is just about such
a man as he is reputed to be.
"I think this was one of the most
wanton and brutal attacks ever made
on any man. A man that would make
such an attack Is a coward, physically,
morally and politically; and the man
who will take the benefit of his position
physically to traduce a man who can
not compete with him physically is a
brute. He is of the school of Buckley.
This man does not live in our city, but
he has had his grip on the politics of
the city and county until we are a dis
grace to the State of California. Now
where this attack is made on one of our
nominees, I think it is the duty of our
club to come to his defense.
"'I think it is time that some of these
scoundrels who are robbing the treas
ury of the city from year to year should
be called to account, and I am glad that
Mr. Jarman has had the courage, sand
and backbone to bring this matter to
the consideration of the people of Santa
Clara County. We know that the editor
-in-chief of the local morning paper is
not in good health and not able to man
age his paper. For him I have the
greatest sympathy.
"In his place we have an individual
who doesn't reside in the city, manipu
lating the politics of your city, and
editing the paper from his back door.
That is the class of men we have to
meet. He has got his fins on many
first-class men in your city. He leads
them by the nose, as you lead a dog.
He has got some of those men to run
for office. Any man who consents to
run In opposition to the Charter Club
ticket — any man who is put up by this
boss—occupies the same position that
the boss does. He is no friend of San
Jose and no friend of good government.
Let them make a dirty fight if they
want to. Let us fight them with dig
nity, and if necessary the club should
put its hands into its pocket and help
Mr. Jarman by employing additional
counsel. Tha is the kind of support we
should give him and give this man a
lesson. This man will not attack a man
physically his equal or who has a pis
tol in his pocket. He attacks a little
man physically unable to fight him."
T. A. Carroll said it was the duty of
the club to sustain Jarman In every
way. He declared other candidates
were being attacked by "vile whisper
ings and malicious inuendoes thrown
out by the whip-poor-will's blue jays,
and the chippies who train with the
'gang' and the 'boss.' "
William F. James offered a resolu
tion that every candidate and memr-er
of the Charter Club sink his individu
ality and make the fight for th 9 en
tire ticket. The resolution was adopted.
Preparations are being made for a
grand mass-meeting next week. Some
sensational exposures are promised at
that time by some of the speakers who
will appear.
DEATH REMOVES
BLANCHE K. BRUCE
Was Register of the Treasury
and a Noted Leader Among
Colored Republicans.
During Hla Remarkable Career He
Held Many Positions of Trust.
Once in the Senate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 17.
Hon. Blanche K. Bruce, Register of the
Treasury, died to-day at S:ls a. m. Mr.
Bruce's death had been expected for sev
eral days. He suffered from a complica
tion of stomach troubles, which at first
appeared not to be serious, but last week
he lost strength steadily, and it soon be
came evident that his vitality was ebbing
rapidly.
Mr. Bruce's only child, a son, Roscoe C.
Bruce, 18 years old, arrived here yester
day from Exeter, N. H., where he is tak
ing a preparatory course for Harvard.
The funeral will take place on Monday.
The services will be held at the Metropol
itan M. E. (colored) Church.
Blanche K. Bruce was born In Prince
Edward County, Virginia, March 1, IS4I,
and therefore was 57 years old. He was of
African descent, was born a slave and re
ceived the rudiments of education from
the tutor of his master's son. He taught
school for a time in Hannibal, Mo., and
later became a student at Oberlin.
In 1869 he became a planter in Mississip
pi, and was appointed a member of the
Mississippi Levee Board. He was elected
Sheriff of his county and subsequently
Superintendent of Education. In 1875 he
was elected United States Senator as a
Republican and served until March 3, 1881.
He was a member of every Republican
national convention held since the year
1868. He was appointed by Presi
dent Garfield Register of the Treasury
and later was appointed Recorder of
Deeds for the District of Columbia. About
six months ago he was again appointed
Register of the Treasury by President
McKlnley. Next to Frederick Dougias,
Mr. Bruce had long been regarded as the
most conspicuous man of his race.
DELVING FOR THE
DEAD IN RUINS-
It Is Now Known That Six Persons
Perished at Chicago, While Four-
teen Are Missing 1 .
CHICAGO, March 17.— Three burned and
mangled bodies were taken to-day from
the building, 215-221 AVabash avenue,
which was destroyed by fire yesterday
morning. This brings the number of
known dead to six, while fourteen per
sons reported as missing had not been
accounted for at a late hour to-night.
Firemen to-day unearthed the bodies of
Charles A. Prince, cashier; Henry R.
Nelson, chemist, and Mrs. M. E. Harris,
bookkeeper, all employed by the \V. A.
Olmstead Scientific Company.
The three victims who lost their lives
by leaping from the building to the pave
ment below were Edward Blnz, cashier
for Sweet, Wallach & Co.; Miles A. Smith
and Samuel A. Clark, employes of Olm-
The missing, all of whom were connect
ed with these two firms, are the following:
W. A. Olmstead, C. H. Arms, W. J. WU
cox William Bass, Miss Hattie Davidson,
Miss Annna Guest, "William Marvin, A. N.
Peterson, Mrs. "Watkins, George Stift, C.
A \nderson, Fred Robertson, Emma
Carroll and "Tony," an office boy. The
search of the ruins wilP be resumed to
morrow.
VERY RICH STRIKE
AT FRENCH GULCH.
Meager Reports of the Finding of a
$20,000 Pocket in the Wash
ington Mine.
REDDING, March 17.— Meager reports
were received here to-night by telephone
of the striking of a $20,000 pocket by Wil
liam Blagrave in the Washington mine at
French Gulch, twenty-two miles from
here. The company has been handling
very rich rock lately, and recent develop
ments are showing richer rock every day.
FATAL CASE OF THE GRIP.
Sudden Death of James Dollar, Su-
perintendent of the Occidental
Mill.
EUREKA, March 17.— James Dollar, the
newly appointed superintendent of the
Occidental Mill Company, died this morn
ing from an attack of la grippe. Dollar
caught cold while in the woods a few
days ago, and his death was sudden and
unexpected. Dollar's wife and two daugh
ters arrived here yesterday from San
Rafael, to make this city their home.
The Jury Disagreed.
EUREKA, March 17.— The jury in the
case of ex-President A. W. Randall of
the Randall Bank, tried for embezzle
ment disagreed and was discharged this
morning.
EVADES THE
CANADIAN
OFFICIALS
Corona Escapes From
the English Wreck
ing Boat Lome.
Probably Aided in the
Bold Move by the
Cutter Perry.
Instead of Going to Victoria
the Rescued Steamer En
tered Port Townsend.
CLEVER RUSE CARRIED OUT
But Thars Is a Prospect of « J-lbel
and Ensuing Complications Be
tween the Governments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CORONA REACHES
PORT.
> <
> SEATTLE, "Wash., March 17— i
• The wrecked steamer Corona- I
> tied up at Union Dock, Port '
> Townsend, this evening. She i
> was towed south by the tug Pi
> oncer. ' The work of taking out
> the cargo, all of which is nearly
> ruined, will begin to-morrow
> morning. The steamer Is con
> sidered to be in very bad shape.
» It is necessary to keep herpumps
> working all the time to prevent
> her sinking, as unaided she
> could not steam five knots per.
> hour. It will be necessary to
> take out all her machinery to
> make needed repairs. Just which
> drydock she will be sent to has
) not yet been decided. Captain
) Pearce and six members of the <
> Corona's crew, who have been
) aboard ever since the steamer
i was wrecked, arrived with her,
) as did also Captain Goodall of
) Ran Francisco, who now has the
) Corona in charge.
-, it was early in January last
> that the Corona was wrecked on
) a reef off Lewis Island, near the
) mouth of the Skeena River. She
) was en route to Skaguay with
> 250 passengers, all of whom were
> saved.
>
VICTORIA, B. C, March it.— me
steamer Corona, while being brought i
to Victoria by the tug Lome for re- j
pairs, the customs authorities having |
demanded that she come here before j
proceeding to American ports, as she
was wrecked in British waters, slipped
her hawser this morning and fled to
Port Townsend in tow of the tug Pio
neer, which, in accordance with a
prearranged scheme, was waiting for
her in American waters near Patos Is
land about forty miles from Victoria.
The orders of the Canadian customs j
officers, it is said, were disobeyed un
der sanction of the United States
Treasury Department, by whose orders j
the cutter Perry left Port Townsend j
yes-terday to meet the Corona, to »tke
her from the British tug Lome, and
convey her to Port Townsend.
The Lome left Victoria to go for
the Corona on Friday last, and found
her lying alongside the Standard Can
nery wharf at Skeena, waiting the
tug. Her boilers were damaged some
what, as when she was beached to have
her hull patched after being rai.sed she
struck heavily amidships and one of j
the furnaces came to grief.
She was temporarily repaired and
could proceed slowly under one fur
nace. The Lome left Skeena with the j
Corona in tow Monday last, experi- i
enced good weather, and proceeded
without incident until last night, when
the Perry hove in sight and her ac
tions excited the curiosity of the men
on the Lome. She spoke the Corona
several times, and after hovering
! around most of the night, put a boat's
crew aboard. What those who were in
the boat said to the officers of the
Corona no one knows, but what fol
| lowed was significant enough. After
the interview the United States cutter
left and returned south. About six
I hours afterward, when the Lome was
steaming along toward Victoria with
the Corona, the hawser suddenly
slackened and Captain Langley of the
Lome soon saw that he had lost his
tow. She had slipped her hawser, and
taking advantage of the repairs made
to her boilers on the way down, she
steamed away.
The crew of the Lome then saw the
I whole plot. A short distance away
j lay the Seattle tug Pioneer awaiting
j the Corona. The American tug quickly
| put a hawser on board and steamed
j for Port Townsend.
Captain Goodall and all the members
of the wrecking expedition, even the
divers, were on the Corona when that
vessel so unceremoniously departed
for the territorial waters of Canada.
Patos Island, off which the Corona
left the Lome, is American territory,
and where she was picked up by an
American tug is American water.
The only breach of customs regula
tions for which the Corona is answer
able therefore is failure to call at a
Canadian port after having bean
wrecked in northern waters. When
it was first learned that the Corona
had proceeded direct to Port Town
send, it was thought probable that the
captain had communicated v.'ith the
subcollector at Port Simpson, but the
officers of the Lome say he did n/at.
Of course any proceedings against rho
Corona will have to be deferred until
she calls at this port, and that may
never come, for it is said she will re
turn to her old run, between San Fran
cisco and Southern California ports.
Collector Milne, on hearing the report
of officers of the Lome, immediately
reported the facts to Ottawa, and un
til he hears from headquarters he de
clines to express an opinion.
WASHINGTON, March 17.—Assist
ant Secretary of the Treasury Howell
said to The Call correspondent to-night
that upon the request of the Pacific
Coast Steamship Company he had au
thorized the revenue cutter Perry to
proceed from Port Townsend to the
scene of the Corona wreck and render
such assistance as was deemed neces-
sary.
"It is not unusual for our revenue
cutters to be detailed for such a pur
pose," said Chief Shoemaker. "We re
ceived a dispatch this morning from
Captain Phillips of the Perry, saying
that he would proceed north Immedi
ately. We presume that the Perry
left early this mornine. although we
have received no definite information
as to her departure."
Senator Perkins was seen to-night
and said that as the British regulations
prohibited the employment of an
American wrecking vessel in British
waters the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company was compelled to employ a
British vessel to wreck the Corona and
tow her to Port Townsend, although
the cost of such service amounted to
about $1000 a day. But at the same
time an American tug was sent to meet
the wrecking vessel having the Co
rona in tow with the expectation that
the American tug would then take
charge of the wrecked Corona and tow
her into Port Townsend.
"I did not request the Treasury De
partment to detail a revenue cutter to
escort or convoy the Corona to Port
Townsend, but merely requested that
the cutter Perry, which was already
ordered to leave for the north, 10 take
a message from Port Townsend to the
scene of the wreck or else meet the
English wrecking vessel and the Co
rona and notify them that an Ameri
can tug was on her way to tow the Co
rona into Port Townsend. If there is
any 'libel' to be intsituted against the
Corona I know nothing of it and cannot
conceive who should want to libel the
vessel or for what reason. Ido not be
lieve any such action is contemplated
by any one. Our company is a respon
sible one, however," added the Senator.
Perkins says the Corona will be
patched up at some dock and sent back
to San Francisco. The Revenue Cutter
Bureau relies in a great extent upon
Perkins to provide another revenue
cutter for the Pacific Coast for service
at Astoria or Portland to cost $250,000.
The bill has been introduced by Mc-
Bride of Oregon, and Perkins has prom
ised the Treasury Department officials
that as a member of the Appropria
tions Committee he will see that it is
reported favorably and passed by the
Senate
Perkins was evidently sincere In his
declaration that no "imeT' would be
instituted against the vessel, and that
he merely requested the Perry to carry
a message, but it may be that he want
ed the Government vessel to protect
the Corona's voyage to Port Towns
end.
FINED FOR TRYING TO
SHOOT A' POLICEMAN.
Son of a Wealthy Aptos Resident
Refuses to Be Arrested on Sus
picion of Burglary.
SAN JOSE. March 17.— Adolphus Van
Tienen Janssen, a prominent resident of
Aptos, was fined $50 by Justice Gass to
day for attempting to shoot Officer Prln
dlville. Janssen came to this city yester
day afternoon. He was loitering about
the streets when Prindiville accosted him
and told him to accompany him to the
police station, as he was wanted at Wat
sonville for burglary. Janssen denied the
crime and refused to accompany the offi
cer evidently fearing the same treatment
that was recently accorded Farmer Brown
of Hollister. When the officer attempted
to take him Janssen drew a revolver and
attempted to shoot him. Deputy Con
stable Castro, who was present, knocked
Janssen down with his club and disarmed
him. Janssen is the son of wealthy par
ents at Aptos. .
A NEW CURE
FOR YELLOW FEVER.
One More Brazilian Physician Who
Claims He Has Conquered the
Dread Scourge of Death.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, March 17.— 1 am in
formed by the Herald's correspondent in
Rio Janeiro, Brazil, that Dr. Caldas, a
physician of Rio Grande state, has dis
covered a new yellow fever cure which
is more efficacious than the cure discov^
ered by Dr. Sanarelli, with which the
latter physician has been so successful
in his experiments in San Paulo.
TAILOR BADLY BURNED.
Enveloped in a Sheet of Flame From
Ignited Gasoline.
SAN JOSE, March 17.— S. B. Schwartz, a
tailor who has a shop in the building at
First and El Dorado streets, was severely
burned this morning by a saucorful of
gasoline becoming ignited. Schwartz was
cleaning some clothes and smoking a cig
arette at the same time. He accidentally
dropped his cigarette in the saucer of gas
oline and was instantly enveloped with a
sheet of flame. His hands and face wero
badly burned, and the curtains and fixt
ures in the room caught fire. His cries at
tracted the landlady, who extinguished
the flames with a hand grenade.
DRANK CARBOLIC ACID.
Accidental Poisoning of the Little
Son of Frank Cook.
WOODLAND, March 17.—Rossie, the
two-and-a-half-year-old son of Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Cook, who reside near Plain
field, was poisoned by carbolic acid on
Wednesday night, but will probably re
cover. The child drank the acid from a
vial found in the bed room.
Distinguished Irishman Dead.
DUBLIN, March 17.—Right Hon. Thomas
Ball, Lord Chancellor of Ireland from
1875 to ISBO, died to-day.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
T8 THE WORKING CAPITAL OFHTMAXITY *
-■• He who loses that Is wrecked indeed. .Is your
health failing you? Your strength, ambition,
yigor, vitality wasting away ?
<^ JpISFA ' L c o
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
For the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all ';
NERVOUS; CHRONICandSPECIAL
■ . Diseases of Men and Women. ;, .
- VflllllC IiEM Unnatural drains caused
TUUilll HJblll through errors of youth
or excesses; quickly and permanently stopped.
-He restores lost vigor and vitality to ' -. ?. <~>
C A 3/ MEM Organs of the body which
if CA A IflklVl have be.en weakened
through disease-, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
. tionsare restored to full power, strength and vigor
" through his new and original system of treatment
D||l|T]|SE cured by his new ni-thod,
flUl I UflE without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
!f IDIfIAI*EI C hydroctle, swelling and
I VAItIUUIfCIaEBi tenderness of the glands
- treated with unfailing success.' ■■'••" •"■--/,,'•;
CONTAGIOUS BL6OSPO!SON
'( in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated • from
- the system. TJp«l||fJ|pi^g^i]JJjVfftyT^^*i^JlgrTjg[gi^
LA niEC w'llw ' 11 receive special attention for all
HUlh^f their many ailments.
CONSULT IT ia)I FREE at office «t
bUndULIABIuH rSiES by letter.
r ;, WRITE •if you •■■ cannot call. A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
717 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Francisco, Cal, ,
56
FRIDAY "77. . . . MARCH iB, 1898
JOHN a^PRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Strett
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers in ttjis city and surroundlnfl towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfcs House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 339 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin—" My6torlous Mr. Bugle."
Columbia— Primrose and West's Minstrels.
California— "Town Topics."
Alcazar— "The District Attorney."
Morosoo'B— "The English Rose '
Tivoll— "The Geisha."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Metropolitan Temple— Lecture on Phrenology.
Sherman, Claf iCo.'fi llall-Anton Schott Recitals.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium— Violin Recital, to-morrow afternoon
Auditorium. Mason and Ellis streets— Recitals of Scottish
Song snd Story" Monday evening, March 21. •
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
The Chutes— Chlci'.ilui and Vaudeville.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Prank W. Butterfield— This day, March IS, Furniture, at
230^$ Third street, at - o'clock. _^^__
SHIPS THAT DON'T PASS.
IT is no longer the custom to believe anything the
Examiner may say, and yet the possibility of its
stumbling upon the truth must be recognized, even
ii remote. Thursday it presented illustrations of
seven ships which it labeled "Some of the Formidable
Vessels in Spain's Navy."
As people are cherishing a wicked hope that such
naval force as Spain may possess will shortly be
blown out of the water, they took an unwarrantable
interest in looking at the array of hostile craft, for
getting the Examiner habit of ignoring fact. Here
seemed to be a point concerning which it would
have no object in lying, unless from mere love of it.
Of the seven vessels before whose invading prows
the populace is to flee far inshore two belong to
Brazil and a third is building in France for the same
country. The fourth is a partly completed Chilean
torpedo gunboat, the fifth and sixth are Norwegian,
and the seventh is a fancy, there being no such ship
afloat, in process of construction or of record in
marine annals.
The ordinary citizen does not know much about
the navies of other nations, but it would take a bet
ter authority than the Mission street purveyor of
second-hand freaks to make him think Spain ever
named a ship "Torkensjold" or "Haarfagre." The
Castiiian flavor seems to be absent from both titles.
It was this fact which excited suspicion and led to
the discovery that into one picture five columns wide
the queer sheet had crowded a lie reaching from
South America to the Scandinavian peninsula.
SCAPEGOATS NOT IN DEMAND.
IN showing that the building of the ferry depot has
been marked by fraud, that cheap material has
been used at the price of good material, that cer
tain contractors have been favored to the extent ot
actually being paid more for the cheap material than
they had agreed to accept for the good material,
there has been no desire to place an undue portion of
the burden of guilt upon Architect Swain, under
whose supervision the changes have been made. Mr.
Swain rushes forward to proclaim that if the charges
are true he must be either fool or knave. The
charges are true. Mr. Swain is at liberty to assume
a dignified position under whichever classification
may seem more to his taste.
Yet it were folly to suppose that he alone is to
blame. He was not supreme. The Harbor Com
missioners must share with him whatever of culpa
bility there has been in the shameless waste of public
money. When, for instance, Swain advised that the
interior finish of the building be changed from oak to
pine and a large part of it be omitted, but the con
tractor instead of receiving less be given more, he
was clearly wrong. But the Commissioners had no
right to yield to counsel so palpably erroneous. It
was plain to the most ordinary intelligence that such
a move was a robbery of the State. The same was
true when expensive brick was eliminated and com
mon brick put in its place; when tile arches were
changed to expanded metal; when steel doors were
replaced by wood; when six floors were left out of
the tower, the contractor being charged $119, and
when one of the six was used after all the contractor
was paid $225 for that one floor; when a contractor
was paid extra for putting in galvanized iron that had
been clearly specified in his original contract; when
a contractor who had agreed to put in white glazed
brick was allowed to put in marble instead. In fact,
the only limit to the jobbery which has been exposed
seems to have been the limit of the number of con
tracts.
Of all of this rascality Swain must have had knowl
.edge. Indeed for him to proclaim such to be the case
is unnecessary. Yet the Commissioners could not
have avoided the possession of a knowledge just as
explicit. It is useless for Swain, by trying to accept all
the responsibility, to endeavor to shield them. They
will have to take their share of the odium, and what
ever may be his object in portraying them as lambs
of innocence, his devotion is wasted. He simply
makes his own load heavier without lightening theirs.
They are guilty of criminal neglect of duty and should
be removed.
The pleasures of anticipation have been much con
sidered by philosopher and poet. Perhaps it is
this human tendency to read the future, however
incorrectly, and to extract fun from the process, that
has induced so many correspondents to let us know
what the court of inquiry intends to say about the
Maine.
When the Governor of Washington refused to
honor the requisition of the Governor of California
for a local swindler who had fled thither he made a
display of hospitality such as confidence men gen
erally will be likely to appreciate. Washington ought
soon to have a colony of toughs.
It is to be regretted that the Hearst yacht engaged
in carrying fake news from Havana should merely
have been fined. It deserved at the least to be sunk.
THE DEFEAT OF ANNEXATION.
THE Senate Foreign Affairs Committee admits
the final and entire defeat of the annexation
treaty without risking a vote, which would ex
hibit its weakness.
As a substitute the committee proposes a joint
resolution, which recites that "the said Hawaiian
Islands be and they are hereby annexed as part of the
territory of the United States."
The committee submits a report which makes the
argument for the joint resolution. This report
quotes the admission of Texas and says: "This im
portant, clear and far reaching precedent established
by the annexation of the republic of Texas is a suffi
cient guide for the action "of Congress in the passage
of the joint resolution herewith reported."
Without disrespect to the Senate committee we in
sist that the admission of Texas into the Union as a
State by joint resolution is no precedent at all for
the annexation of Hawaii. From the beginning of
the discussion of modes by which our borders may be
extended every statesman and writer on public and
constitutional law who has referred to it ihas drawn a
plain distinction between the admission of foreign
domain into the Union as a State and its annexation
as territory. The former may be done by act of
Congress; the latter by treaty alone. Texas was ad
mitted directly into the Union without territorial
novitiate, under that clause in the constitution which
says Congress may admit new States into the Union.
The joint resolution admitted Texas as a State. In
the Texas act the words annex and annexation do
not occur. That resolution recites that:
"Congress doth consent that the territory prop
erly included within and rightfully belonging to the
republic of Texas may be erected into a new State,
to be called the State of Texas, with a republican
form of government to be adopted by the people of
the said republic, by deputies in convention assem
bled, with the consent of the existing Government,
in order that the same may be admitted as one of the
States of this Union." This action was taken March
I. 1845. It provided that the question should be first
submitted to the vote of the people of Texas. On
December 29, 1845, the question meantime having
been submitted to the people of Texas and their as
sent having been given by ballot, the second joint
resolution finally admitting Texas as a State was
passed. It recites:
''Whereas the Congress of the United States by
joint resolution approved March I, 1845, did consent
that the territory included within and rightfully be
longing to the republic of Texas might be erected
into a new State, to be called the State of Texas,
* * * which consent of Congress was given upon
certain conditions specified, * * * and whereas
the people of Texas * * * did ordain and declare
that they assented to and accepted the proposals,
* * * therefore resolved, That the State of Texas
shall be one. and is hereby declared to be one, of the
United States of America, and admitted into the
Union on an equal footing with the original States
of the Union in all respects whatever."
There is no resemblance, analogy or legal contact
between the two cases. At no point in the proceed
ings are they on all fours with each other. The de
bates on the admission of Texas amply disclose the
difference between them.
We annexed Louisiana territory by treaty, as we
did Florida, and even after conquest we annexed
what we took from Mexico by the treaty of Cuada
lupe Hidalgo. We annexed the territory of Alaska
also by treaty.
It is, indeed, trifling with the constitution to say
that in case of annexation of foreign territory the
treaty power and a joint resolution are alternative
and interchangeable methods. Such theory was
never proposed before. In the San Domingo case
it was dearly stated by Allen G. Thurman and other
lawyers in the Senate that the right of the Texas case
rested entirely upon the constitutional power of Con
gress to admit new States into the Union.
In the details of the two cases there is a lack of
correspondence as great as their failure of resem
blance on constitutional lines. The Texas resolution
provided that evidence of the adoption and ratifica
tion of a State constitution by the people be sub
mitted. In the San Domingo case Senator Thurman
said, "We cannot in honor annex San Domingo
without the consent of her people." To this Sen
ator Edmunds added, "The United States should
never annex any people without their consent." The
most careful reading of the Hawaiian jtoint resolution
fails to disclose any mention of the people of that
country or of their assent.
It recites that "the Government of the republic of
Hawaii having in due form signified its consent,"
etc. That government has never been submitted to
the people. President Dole was never voted for nor
elected by the people. He appointed a majority of
the Constitutional Convention and the minority of
that body was elected by a minority of the people,
because he had. by military force, arms and ar
bitrarily disfranchised a majority of the people.
It is a government that has no authority to assent
to anything for the people because they did not create
nor delegate it. It is not their servant, but their
master, as completely as the Ameer is master of the
Afghans.
The Congress of the United States will not be
found willing to lacerate the constitution in order
that such a government may murder the autonomy
and filch the sovereignty that belong to the people
of Hawaii.
THE JURY BOX SCfINDfIL.
I UDGE HUNT'S discovery of malpractice in the
p I selection of jurymen to serve in his court is one
of the most serious events of the day in this
city. It is hardly possible that such a violation of the
law as that which the Judge detected could have been
committed unintentionally. It has none of the signs
of a clerical error. It looks like the result of a de
liberately planned scheme and raises a suspicion that
stuffed juries may not be uncommon in our courts.
It is impossible to overrate the menace to property,
to justice and to society itself which is contained in
this violation of the law regulating the selection "of
juries. In the case discovered by Judge Hunt no less
than three men were found to have been drawn on
a single jury whose names were not on the original
list presented by the Judge. Since this has been
done in one instance it is an inevitable supposition
that it has occurred before. The citizens are there
fore confronted by the possibility that their interests
in the courts are not in the hands of juries impar
tially chosen, but are subject to the will of men se
lected for the purpose of deciding against them.
The value of an impartial jury under our system of
laws is well understood. From time immemorial the
jury box has been spoken of as the palladium of
Anglo-Saxon liberty. One of the great English
Judges declared that all the struggles of the people
of that country for liberty, all their civil wars, all
their acts of Parliament, all their efforts of every
kind for the maintenance of society, culminated in
bringing twelve honest men into a jury box. With
out impartiality and honesty in that box all the rest
of the skillfully devised system for guarding the
rights of citizens would be worth nothing.
It is the same in this country. If the packing and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
stuffing of juries is ever tolerated among us the
strongest safeguard to personal rights and liberties
will have been overthrown. The best of Judges could
not do justice under our system of law if juries were
dishonest. It is imperative, therefore, that the selec
tion of men to serve on juries should be hedged
round with the most stringent regulations and
guarded by the most careful observances.
Judge Hunt's discovery is therefore a matter of the
gravest public concern. It suggests corruption in the
very fountain of justice. It is far more ominous to
(he welfare of the community than ordinary scandals
cf official peculation or bribery. If it is proven that
the wrongful drawing of jurymen in this particular
case was due to fraud the guilty parties should receive
the severest punishment our law permits for that
offense. If it should be found to be the result of
carelessness the negligence should be in no wise con
doned. We can tolerate neither fraud, ignorance, nor
folly in the management of the jury box and the se
lection of juries.
SEALERS OF WEIGHTS AND MEASURES
THE revival after seven years of the late Senator
Mahoney's celebrated law creating a "sealer" of
weights and measures in every county in the
State presents the mercantile community with a prac
tical exemplification of the ancient saying that the
evil men do lives after them while the good is often
interred with their bones. During his lifetime Mr.
Mahoney made no attempt to enforce his law. Al
though a politician of more than ordinary nerve, he
did not possess the courage to insist upon persecut
ing the tradesmen of the State with "sealers." It
has remained for a San Diego Board of Supervisors
after seven years of innocuous desuetude to revive
the law.
Probably a more outrageous measure than Senator
Mahoney's notorious statute was never conceived by
a California Legislature. The "sealer" act was passed
at the session of 1891 and was thus worthily fathered.
The Legislature of that year consisted mainly of
boodlers, and it was out of its proceedings that the
waste basket and Senatorial combine scandals
emerged. It was said of this Legislature that had the
Lord's Prayer been introduced it could not have been
passed without the assistance of a "sack." Mahoney
intended the sealer of weights and measures bill as
a political instrument. Had it been enforced soon
after its enactment it would have placed in the hands
of a Republican Governor the appointment of an
active politician in each county of the State with the
power to harass the mercantile element at will.
Aside from any question of the constitutionality of
the statute, it contemplates an unwarranted inter
ference with the private concerns of the people. The
theory upon which it proceeds is that all merchants
are dishonest and engaged in cheating their cus
tomers. So it places over them an official invested
with power to prescribe their weights and measures
and to charge them a fee for his services. In other
words, it creates a political parasite in each county
of the State. In many communities the enactment of
such a law would have been met with violence. There
is reason to believe, indeed, that Senatok>Mahoney
relinquished his design of enforcing it here because
he feared the consequences personally and politically.
The statute was originally nullified by the late
Secretary of State, E. G. Waite. That official de
clined to assume the role of "State Sealer" on the
ground that the Legislature of 1891 had failed to |
make the necessary appropriation. The present Sec- (
retary of State, Mr. Brown, declines to assume the 1
role on the same ground. Yet Governor Budd, at
the request of the Board of Supervisors of San
Diego and by the advice of Attorney-General Fitz
gerald, has appointed a "sealer" for that county.
The statute provides that the county "sealers" shall
get their standard of weights and measures from the
"State Sealer." As there is no "State Sealer," and
as it is not likely that there will be one, the San
Diego "sealer" will be unable to discharge the duties
prescribed by the act. This may or may not inter
fere with his fees — probably not.
But one other reflection need he appended. We
understand that it is the intention to appoint a sealer
of weights and measures for this city. The advent
of such an official will be awaited with interest. The
moment an attempt is made to collect fees from the
merchants and tradesmen of San Francisco for "seal
ing" their weights and measures the entire Demo
cratic administration. State nnd local, will be blown
into a thousand pieces. There are some things the
people of this town will not stand. A "sealer of
weights and measures," in our opinion, is one of
them.
THE LAW OND THE DOPE FIEND.
THERE are many places in this city where
opium smoking by white men and white women
is carried on in a manner almost public. These
places are well known to the police. No difficulty
is experienced in finding them, for there is little or
no concealment about them. The police enter them
freely and the inmates are hardly disturbed in their
dreams by the coming of the officers. The fiends
know the law and they laugh in the face of those who
try to enforce it.
The cause of the failure of the law in this case is
the excessive reverence for technicalities by the
courts of the city. Sergeant Martin of the police
when asked why the opium dens had the boldness to
operate so openly answered:
"Why? Because the law says that the offense con
sists, not in smoking opium, but in buying and smok
ing it in the same place. So if we do not see the
victim buy the opium and smoke the same particle
which he bought it is impossible to secure a convic
tion. We have even hired men to go to places and
buy the drug, and we have then lost the case because
there was a doubt in the minds of those trying it
whether the opium we saw the defendant smoking
was the same 'shell' or load of the drug which he
bought. The law is so technically absurd that it
could not have been worse for the police if it had
been drafted by the proprietors of the opium joints
That is the situation in this city to-day in the
contest between the law and the dope fiend. The law
is a noble, impressive, majestic figure, clothed in the
robes of authority and supported by the wealth of
the State. The dope fiend is a slinking, blear-eyed
creature whose soul serves hardly any other function
than that of keeping his carcass from decay, whose
clothing is little better than the covering of a scare
crow, and who is supported generally by the scanty
earnings of degraded womanhood, and yet the dope
fiend is stronger than the law and will remain so
as long as law is a matter of technicalities rather
than of reason and common sense.
The rumor that School Director Waller's con
science is hurting him can hardly be accepted. Such
pangs as he may feel must be located elsewhere.
The arrest of H. E. Huntington will strike any
body who may notice it as a warmed-over bluff, not
particularly impressive when fresh.
Perhaps the fact that Spanish sailors deserted from
American warships at Havana is not to be particu
larly regretted. Doubtless the sailors who remained
aboard will sleep sounder of nights now.
SPECIAL FEATURES
IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
ARS and the March winds
111 have stirred up a good many
f|l things within the last fort
/1 1 n 'ght, and the stories of some
f lof the most interesting
" " events will be told in NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL.
Twenty-five years ago a woman was
murdered by a very wealthy rancher.
The crime created tremendous excite
ment. Vigorous efforts were made by
citizens to lynch the murderer, but in
the midst of the popular excitement
the officers of the law succeeded in
smuggling him into another county. He
was regularly tried and condemned to
San Quentin for life. But he was rich
and influential, and on the day the Su
preme Court decided that he had no
hope for his freedom in this life he
walked out of jail. On the edge of the
town he disappeared as though the
earth had swallowed him up. Not a
trace of him could -afterward be found,
though the officers of the law hunted
high and low for him and a big price
was set upon his capture.
The most extraordinary part of this
remarkable story has just occurred.
The escaped murderer has just been
discovered quietly living in a well-fitted
up cave in the Sierras. He is well
dressed, has plenty of money and lives
very comfortably.
The exceedingly strange manner in
which he was accidentally discovered
by an old acquaintance, what was
said, who was with him in the secret
cave and what he is doing is fully told
in NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Old Mars is stalking about rather
truculently of late. Suppose he suc
ceeded in stirring up just an inter
change of shots. Did you ever stop
to figure out what a few minutes' real
fighting would cost this country, say in
a war with Spain? The country is not
paying for ordinary Fourth of July
fireworks by any means when the long
blue lines deploy and the big rifled
cannon begin to roar. Those same big
rifled cannon swallow notes, currency,
THE OLD MAN'S PATBOITISM.
They are talkln' of battle again, wife; I see
in the paper to-ni^ht
That the President's gettin' his back up, an'
reckon thnt stands fur a fight.
An' out in the barn this evenin" while the
boys were feedin' the stock
I heerd the two rascals indulgln' In a sort of
a half-whispered talk.
I think they're ketchin' the fever, as Johnny
an' Archibald <lr>ne
When the war of the bloody rebellion had
hardly got fairly begun.
An' 'twouldn't do no good to argue, fur In case
of a rumpi:s, I know
The boys 'd be uy on their mettle, an' surely
detarmlned to go.
We've given two boys to our country: one's
sleepin' in ol' Tennessee,
An' t'other one fell in Virginny, when Grant
was a fightin' with Lee,
An' thouph the two blows nearly killed us,
what comfort we drew from the thought
That both of 'em perished ;i fightln' fur the
flag fur which Washington fought.
An' when the good Lord In His kindness sent
twins fur to bless us, we said
He surely had done it in mercy in place of the
two that was dead.
An' as we have watched 'em a growin' to man
hood it softened the blow.
But now if they're gettin' the notion, I reckon
they'll both have to go.
We're both of us nigh onto ninety; we're
mighty near finished the race.
An' if the two biys sh< u:d be missin' I couldn't
took after the plaoe,
But safe in the bank In the city we've got
quite a snug pile.
An' so if they go to the battle we'll let the
farm rost fur a while.
When I think of the loss of that vessel, an' the
• loss of her gallant young crew.
An' tho Impuilont talk of them Spaniards, It
makes me red hot through and through!
Gol darn 'em, I wish I was able myself fur to
hit 'em a blow!
An' as fur the boys, if they're needed, you bet
your life, mother, they'll go!
—Denver Post.
KAISER WILLIAM'S WHIMS.
Not content with excluding from his do
minions first the great American pig,
next the innocent and unimpeachable
American steer, and following these a
lot of other American live and dead stock
of all sorts. Emperor William now pro
poses to exclude the American student of
technology, closing the German schools
to him and forcing him to seek his tech
nical instruction elsewhere. It seems a
r;tthcr oppressive interdiction, but if the
Emperor and the Fatherland can stand it
we can. — New York Tribune.
SHARP THRUST AT PALEFACES.
"Many years ago." says the Bishop,
who is testifying to the honesty of the
red Indian, "1 was holding a service near
an Indian village camp. My things were
scattered about in a lodge, and when I
was going out I asked the chief if it was
safe to leave them there while I wont
to the village to hold a service. 'Yes,'
he said, 'perfectly safe. There is not a
white man within a hundred miles!' "—
Bishop Whipple.
SOUND FINANCIAL CONDITION.
If anything were necessary to demon
strate the absolute soundness of Ameri
can financial conditions it would be found
in the fact that nearly if not quite $6,000,
000 of gold will come into this country
from Europe during the coming week.
If it is true that money talks it is evident
that it is nowexerclsingitsconversatlonaJ
powers in behalf of American peace and
prosperity.— Philadelphia Press.
ON THE RIGHT SIDE FOR ONCE.
When the London Times praises Mc-
Kinley and the London Daily News prays
that in case the United States engages in
another war the English Government
may not repeat any of its "historic mis
takes," it looks as if John Bull were pre
pared to jump down this time on the
right side of the fence.— Springfield Re-,
publican.
ANOTHER DISCOVERY PROBABLE.
Spain must be almost sorry to-day that
she ever grave Columbus money to dis
cover the United States. If she ever de
clares war against us she will make an
other discovery that will dwarf that of
1492.— 805t0n Globe.
INCENDIARY.
A fire was discovered burning briskly In
a New York letter box the other night.
When New York girls write love letters
they are too ardent!— Boston Globe.
"THE RED BADGE OF COURAGE."
One of the horrors of war Is war, the
other Is Stephen Crane. — Minneapolis
i .Times.
gold and silver 'a good deal faster than
the country turns them out.
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL, and
you'll get an idea what an ordinary bat
tle will cost nowadays.
Tou have your idea of what heaven
is like, and your good neighbor around
the corner mayhap has another. Se
lect a dozen men, and you may gather
nearly as many ideas of the Celestial
abode. If you want to learn what some
prominent men and women think about
the subject
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
There has just been discovered on
the walls of a house in Rome a picture
of the crucifixion. Eminent scholars
believe from its character, position and
surroundings that it was drawn by a
Roman soldier who was present when
that tremendous event took place.
What this picture looks like and what
learned scholars think about it will be
set forth in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
Then there is a love story in real life
that beats the record of most love sto
ries nowadays. It is the story of a
young man who fell in love with a
five-year-old girl. Under a promise to
the child's parents, he never said a
word about love to the girl till she
reached her eighteenth birthday. His
was a strange experience even in a
world of lovers. How the toddling miss
with her dolls and blockhouses won his
heart, how in the early days she held
him fast with notes printed in great
big blotted capital letters, how as a
young girl she forged more stoutly the
links and how he almost lost her after
fourteen years of constant, patient
waiting will be told in
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
But these are not one-half of the good
things the March winds have blown this
way for the readers of the Sunday Call.
Get them in a bunch.
BUY NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL-
COLLECTED IN
Frank Lyon, U. S. N., Is at the Occi
dental.
"\V. B. Lane of New York is a guest at
the Palace.
Marion Brooks of Los Ancles is a guest
at the Grand.
John C. March of Sacramento is staying
at the Grand.
W. D. Haslam of Santa Cruz is a guest
at the California.
F. S. Hartman of Los Angeles is stay
ing at the California.
Dr. F. N. Voisard of Woodland is at
the Occidental for a few days.
W. E. Smith and wife are registered at
the Occidental from Alton, 111.
W. J. Lawrence and wife of New York
are registered at the California,
\Y. F. Knox of Sacramento is staying at
the Grand, where he arrived last nigni.
N. H. Jacks, a large rancher of Stock
ton, is a guest with his wife at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Mabil of Boston are
two of yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
John A. Mclntyre, the Sacramento min
ing man, arrived at the Grand yesterday.
George Young of Boston is at the Bald
win. Mrs. Young accompanies her hus
band.
•*-r- • ; .
A small boy
was deeply inter
ested in the oper
ation of properly
fastening a num
ber of large
bunches of
matches to the
A DAMPER <
ON <
HIS FUN. <
tail of a dog that stood in front of the
Metropolitan Hotel yesterday, when, un
beknown to him, a policeman awoke from
his customary trance and drifting up
watched with absorption the work of the
young student of pyrotechny. The boy
finished his woi'k to his satisfaction, and
stooping down was about to apply the
spark that would start the circus, when
the officer took a hand hn the game and
bade him desist and unfasten the com
bustibles as, though he might not be
aware of It, yet there were a few citi
zens around that locality who, notwith
standing that they hated to interfere
with the enjoyments of youth, were not
quite willing to take the chance of a
large sized and expensive conflagration
to assist in his amusement. The boy, I
bowing to an irresistible superior force,
did as he was told, though, while engaged
in undoing his work and setting the cur
free, he took occasion to make a few
remarks on the officer's face, figure,
style and mental ability that were strong
ly tinged with sarcasm.
The officer listened, and not appreciat
ing the criticisms that were passed on
him, told the youth that as soon as he
had finished undoing his work on the
dog, he, the officer, would commence work
on a similar portion of the youth's anat
omy which would be just us warm in its
effects as the surprise that had been con
templated for the beast, whereupon the
young fellow dropped he was doing
and started around th^corner as fast aa
his legs would carry him, with the police
man in hot pursuit. The boy got consid
erable of a start, but the officer was
rapidly closing upon him and capture
seemed certain unless he could hide. The
only place available for such a purpose
was a blind alley that had in it a water
trough that had been empty as long as
the boy could remember. He turned into
the alley and made one wild jump into
the trough. It had been repaired and
filled the day before, and when the offi
cer pulled him dripping from his bath he
first applied a warm application to set
his blood In circulation, and then took
the boy home where he was hung out
to dry.
F. Mcßae, a cattleman of Reno. Nev.,
is at the Palace, where he arrived yes
terday.
Governor D. H. Hastings of Pennsyl
vania is at the Palace, accompanied by a
party of relatives and friends, on a pleas
ure trip to the coast.
Henry White of Sookane is at the Lick,
as is also R. I. Bently, a lawyer of Sac
ramento.
Dr. Morton Gimnely, the well-known
New York specialist, is a guest at the
Occidental.
Edward White and wife of Louisville
Ky., are two of yesterday's arrivals at
the Occidental.
Walter Sanger Pullman and his bride or
a day left the Palace yesterday morning
for Del Monte's classic groves.
Judge and Mrs. James A. Logan Miss
Logan. Miss Todd and Cyrus E. Woods
are a party of Philadelphians on pleasure
bent who arrived at the Palace last even
ing.
• 1 was s<-m"6
home to-day."
said a gentleman
at the Palace
yesterday, "but I
have concluded
to remain an
other week to
i
WHY HE
IS STAYING (
OVER. (
see if I can't get a few more samples of
your versatile climate. I have been hero
only ten days, and in that time I nave
experienced weather warm enough to
make spring clothing comfortable, wet
enough to delipht the heart of a duck,
dry enough to drive a man to drink and
cold enough to cause a snow storm ana
start local residents who intend remain
ing here the rest of their natural lives
buying up all the Klondike sleds that they
see advertised for sale. Now I'm going
to wait a few days longer so that when I
get home I can tell them I have gon«
through a tornado, had a taste of earth
quake and been washed out by a tidal
wave." ■
CALIFCfRNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, March 17.— H. M. Russell
of Los Angeles is at the Gilsey House.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO SUCH COLONEL— Reader, City.
There was not a Colonel Ransome in com
mand of the Presidio post thirty years
ago.
CALIFORNIA-FRANCE— C. R., City.
The area of California is 158,360 square
miles. That of France is 204,092 square
miles.
MANCHESTER— J. R. 8., City. The
city of Manchester, England, is a city,
municipal and parliamentary borough of
Lancashire. '
TO LAND TROOPS— Subscriber, City.
During war it is not necessary that a
belligerent should have captured a forti
fied place belonging to the enemy before
landing troops.
USQUEBAUGH— P. W., Oakland. Cal.
Usquebaugh is a colloquial name in Ire
land and Scotland for whisky, but in
reality the liquor that is served under that
name is much stronger than common
whisky. The word means "Fire of life."
AMERICAN AND MEXICAN DOL
LAR—D., City. A dollar of the United
States contains 371.1:5 grains of pure silver
and 41.25 grains of alloy. The principal
coinage of Mexico is silver, consisting in
every twelve dinrros of 10 5-6 dineros of
pure" metal (1000 fine) and 1 1-6 of alloy.
That is, it is 0.902777 fine. The weight of
a Mexican dollar is 27.073 grammes.
LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS-S., City.
It was Lady Mary Worthley Montague
who said of the language of flowers:
There is no color, no flower, no weed, no
herb, pebble or feather that has not a verso
belonging to it, and you may quarrel, re
proach or send letters of passion, friendship or
civility or even news without even inking your
fingers.
BACK TO GERMANY— Subscriber.City.
Your question is not sufficiently clear to
admit of an answer. You should state
when you came to the United States, how
long you have lived in the United States,
whether your father became a citizen of
the United States before you attained
the age of 21, if you have attained that
age, and If, having attained that age, you
did anything by which you expressed a
choice as to the country of whii
wish to be known as a citizen. Uponiftir
nishing that information this department
will be in position to give you an answer.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
The average man never eats green corn
without looking like he wanted to put his
foot on it.
You can generally judge a girl's stock
ings by the number of holes in the fingers
of her gloves.
Talk with any married man about
Adam and Eve and you'll find he has
queer ideas about what caused the fall.
If women had whiskt-rs there would
have to be policemen stationed in all the
barber shops every Saturday night.
Most men would rather be downtown
working than home listening to their
wives singing while they are doing up
the dishea. _^ ■
A woman always pretends to smile and
be so interested when her husband reads
her where it says in the paper that Turk
ish women aren't allowed to talk above a
whisper in the presence of their husband's
relatives. — New York Press.
A handsome present for your Eastern
friends, Townsend's Cal. glace fruits, 50c
lb, in fire etched boxos. 627 Palace Hotel.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Anita Chartress, the intimate friend
of Duse, says of the girfat actress: "She
is the saddest women I have ever known.
During the days when I was with her
we used to sit at opposite ends of thd
table without exchanging a word."
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup". '
Has been used over fifty years by .'millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, ? softens
the gums, c allays Pain, . cures . Wind Colic, ".' reg
ulates the ; Bowels and Is the best remedy tar
Diarrhoeas, '. whether arising ; from "' teething or
other . causes. : For sale by.. Druggists in every
part of ._ the world. :■■■ Be : sure and ask for Mr*.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORON ADO.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, ;: being entirely free from the
mists common . further north. Hound trip
tickets, by steamship, Including fifteen '- days.
board at the Hotel del Coronado, - $65; longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply '4- New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager, | Hotel del Coronado, late of ' Hotel . Colo- .
rado. " Glen wood Springs, , Colorado. ; ■ . .
» » ■
The Japanese Minister has presented
Miss Helen Long, the daughter of the Sec
retary ;of the Navy, with two superb
vases as mementoes of* her participation
in the christening ceremony at - the
launching of the Japanese vessel at Phil
adelphia. '■?■:■ • iii> linn mnt\f * Ja-'"iaLiiii<iiijminjujj.ift
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Some cough mixtures
6mother the cough. But the
next breeze fans it into life
again.
Better put the cough out.
That is, better go deeper
and smother the fires of mi-
i flammation. Troches can-
| not do this. Neither can
I plain cod-liver oil.
But Scott's Emulsion can.
j The glycerine soothes and
I makes comfortable; the hy-
pophosphites give power and
stability to the nerves; and
I the oil feeds and strengthens
the weakened tissues.
50c. and $1.00, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists. N.w Ya«*WILL TEST
THE LAW OF
COPYRIGHT
To Enjoin a News
paper From Filch.-
ing News.
Charges That Editor De
Young Does Not Re-
spect the Laws.
New York Herald News Pur
chased by The Call Stolen
by the Chronicle.
AN IMPORTANT ACTION.
Federal Courts "Will Decide Whether
Publishers Can Claim
Protection.
Attorney Horace G. Platt yesterday
filed a bill in equity for James Gordon
Bennett in the United States Circuit
Court. It is against M. H. de Young,
und is for the purpose of enjoining the
Chronicle from publishing news that
has been copyrighted by the New York
Herald.
It is set forth in detail that the
Chronicle has a correspondent in New
York who secures an early edition of
the Herald each day, and telegraphs
the leading news therein to the Chroni
cle here, in spite of the fact that the
copyright laws make such filching of
news unlawful.
It is stated that the Herald is copy
righted each day, and that the differ
ence in time between New York and
San Francisco enables the New York
correspondent of the Chronicle to clip
the news and file it as a telegram, or,
In some cases, to rewrite the items and
send them forth as if they were the
original dispatches of the correspond
ent.
Speaking of the action yesterday At- I
torney Platt said: "This is one of the j
first and most important newspaper
cases ever brought under the copyright
laws. It is based on the fact that copy
righted news is property and that a
newspaper may properly come under
the protection of those laws. The ob
ject of the suit is to prevent the Chron
icle from publishing anything taken
from the Herald, whether the sajne is
in the exact words of the Herald, or
v. hether colorable alterations have been
made by the correspondents and editors
of the Chronicle. We hold that the law
is broad enough to give us this protec
tion, and if it is enforced in this and
other cases it will compel newspapers
to hire their own newsgatherers or pay
other papers for the use of the service.
The Chronicle at one time had a busi
ness arrangement with the Herald by
which it obtained the Herald's news.
It was deprived of the ser
vice, and it has now discov
ered a cheaper way to get the
same news. It Is that method which
we seek to stop. The Call now owns
the exclusive right to use the Herald's
news, having a contract granting it full
I privileges. If there is no way to stop
the appropriation of such news the
Herald's contract to supply exclusive
news is a dead letter, absolutely void
and useless. The courts will be called
upon in this suit to pass on the entire
case."
The complaint goes Into detail as to
the particular piracy that was in vio
lation of the rights of complainant, as
guaranteed by the laws of the United
States. Some of the more important
items thus wrongfully pirated and re
produced in the Chronicle are enumer
ated as follows: On December 6 im
portant news cabled to the Herald from
Paris, particularly exclusive news
from the Figaro; on December 7 im
portant news from Hayti, regarding
German .diplomacy; important news
from December 6 to date concerning
Important foreign news, especially mat
ters pertaining to the condition of the
Cubans. The allegations cover hun
dreds of leading articles of news, all
of which were either pirated bodily or
revamped in such a way as to leave
no doubt as to the source from which
the news was obtained.
It is also alleged and brought forth
In detail that the Chronicle for a long
period of time preceding its unlawful
acts recognized the fact that the Her
ald was the true owner of the copy
righted news, as it paid for the use of
the same, and in every way recognized
the rights of property under the copy
right law. It is also shown that the
Chronicle has reaped large financial
benefits from its fraudulent use of the
news owned and controlled by the Her
ald.
The prayer concludes with a request
that the Chronicle be enjoined and pre
vented from selling or exposing for
Bale any copy of Its newspaper con
taining any pirated news, and that all
reporters, editors and workmen on the
paper be forbidden to do any act that
will cause a perpetration of the fraud.
In conclusion it is requested that the
stereotyped plates of all issues of the
paper of the dates named be delivered
to an officer of the court to be can
celed and destroyed.
The bill- is accompanied by an affi
davit from John D. Sgreckels to the
effect that he bought the sole right to
use the Herald news service on No
vember 13, and that the Chronicle has
persistently refused to notice any re
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SKINS
Skins on fire with torturing, disfiguring,
itching, burning, bleeding, scaly; and pimply
humors, instantly relieved by a warm bath
with Cuticcra Soap, a single application oort r
Cuticpka (ointment), the great skin cure,
and a full dose of Cuticoha. Resolves!. .
(yticura
ft Mil.l Oaronghoot the worM. Pon-niP. tC. Conr., Solo
»ropt., Boston. •• How to Care Tortiftln Humors," free. •'::,
DIDY'C CITIII Scalp and lialrPwlflM and Una-
PRO I V Onin Hied bj Otmcwu Sojkf, .
THE BARKENTINE J. A. FALKINBURG.
Quite a fleet of schooners, barkentines and barks are fitting out to carry gold-hunters to Kotzebue Sound. Nearly
all of them are taking up stern-wheel steamers to navigate the waters of the Kowak River in search of the pre
cious metals. The Falkinburg came over from Oakland Creek yesterday and will be fitted out at Howard-street
wharf.
quest to desist from Infringing on the
rights of property thus granted to The
Call.
DIED IN THE BREAKERS.
Mark Kennedy, "Well Known in This
City, Meets Death at Papaikon.
Mark N. Kennedy, the freight clerk of
the steamer Kinau, who lost his life on
February 18 by drowning in the breakers
at Papaikou, one of the Hawaiian Islands,
was well known in this city.
From the accounts of the accident It ap
pears that Mr. Kennedy was returning
from the shore to his vessel in a small
boat when it was struck by a big roller
and capsized. Though Kennedy was a
good swimmer he stuck by the boat, try
ing to save some money belonging to his
employers, when he was washed against
the rocks, sinking before help could reach
him.
The deceased, who leaves a widow in
Honolulu and a married sister in this city,
was buried by the Odd Fellows, of which
order he was a popular member. While
his body was lying in state at Odd Fel
lows' Hall in Honolulu all the flags of the
shipping in the harbor were at half-mast
out of respect to the deceased, who was
one of the most popular officers sailing
out of that port.
Ho was a native of Philadelphia and 42
years of age;
MAD RUSH TO
THE KLONDIKE
Some Exciting Scenes and In
cidents at Seattle and
Skaguay.
Steamship Australia Breaks the
Record From Victoria to
Juneau..
The steamship Australia is making a
fine record In Alaskan waters. From a
private letter written by Captain H. C.
Houdlette to a well-known resident of
this city. The Call is permitted to make
some extracts. The letter bearing date
Seattle, March 12, and received in San
Francisco last Wednesday, says:
"Here we are back at Seattle after go
ing the rounds— first Seattle, then Taco
ma, then Port Townsend, then Victoria,
Juneau and Skaguay, back to Juneau and
Seattle. We had 445 passengers, horses,
cattle and donkeys, and quarters of beef
and mutton the whole length of the deck.
"I think the whole community has gone
mad. Men who call themselves gentle
men lose all signs of gentility when they
start for the mines and act more like
beasts than anything else.
"We went from Victoria out the 1 straits
outside of Vancouver Island up to lati
tude 56 degrees 20 minutes north, then In
by Cape Ommersey, hence we had only
243 miles of inland steaming. I think by
keeping outside all the time we shall come
out all right, although we have to pass
some pretty bad places and if it should
happen to snow or get thick it would
make you feel very uncomfortable, for the
water is of such great depth that one can
not anchor. • • »
"You never saw such a mob as there is
now here, all madly rushing for the gold
fields. There are thirty-five vessels car
rying passengers from Portland and Se
attle to Dyea and Skaguay, and all are
going full, with more freight than they
can carry. Seattle is booming.
"It Is a sight worth seeing going up
these channels— mountains on both sides
from 3000 to 6000 feet high, covered with
snow and ice. Some of the glaciers are
three miles wide and thirty miles long
and from 1000 to 3000 feet deep of the blu
est ice.
"The night we arrived at Juneau we
had to keep first to right and then left to
keep clear of icebergs. We broke the rec
ord from Victoria to Juneau, 58 hours 13
minutes, and 6 hours 53 minutes to Skag
uay. The best trip of the Queen was 60
hours to Juneau. Our time is not bad for
the old ship in strange waters.
"The Cottage came into Juneau
while we were there with ncr stern and
forty feet of her keel gone. There were
three hundred, passengers on board. She
had three feet of water in her engine
room before they could find a place to
beach her.
"The Whitelaw got ashore before she
reached Skaguay, and then burned to the
water's edge about five hundred yards
from us."
"I want to give you a little idea about
Skaguay. It is built, you might say, on
a mud flat, between hieh mountains.
Everything is mountain up here, and not
a bit of level land to be seen. The wharf
where we lay is a half mile long to town,
and the rise of the tide is 28 feet. The tide
goes nearly to the town; and such a
town. It is full of gamblers and gin
mills. You will first come to the house of
some family, next door a shop, next a
hotel and next a gambling den, and tnat
is the way all over town. Up the valley
toward the White Pass hundreds of dead
horses He, and the water the people use
comes down that way. When summer
sets in they will die off like sheep.
"We took forty Indians at Juneau to
work cargo, as the gang at Skaguay
wants 75 cents and $1 per hour. We had
to get United States troops to patrol the
docks to protect the Indians. The night
the Indians were paid ort they got up
courage and went up town. About 3
o'clock they came running on board. The
gang had fired about a dozen shots at
them You never saw such a scared lot
of Indians in your life. The head one
woke me up, saying that three of them
had been shot, but the alarm proved to
be false as no one was shot. You can
form some idea of the tough crowd at
Skaguay." _
Ask Leave to Disincorporate.
The directors of the Oregon and Cali
fornia Lumber Company filed a petition
in the County Clerks office yesterday to
dissolve the corporation. All o. the debts
of the company have been settled, anil it
is the wish of a majority of the share
holders to go out of business.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, cure guarntd. Dr.
Gordin' eSanl tarlum, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S. F..Cal.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
CONNOR'S CIGARS
MADE HOFF SICK
Bad Weeds and Doubtful
Liquor to Induce Con-
fessions.
Good Yellow Money Paid for
an Option on a Gold
Brick.
Attorney Mclntosh Narrowly Es
caped the Examiner's Hypnotic
Touch.
Attorney B. W. Mclntosh, who Is un
der investigation in Judge Cook's court
for contempt, told on the witness stand
yesterday some of the methods the con
fession editor of the Examiner em
ployed to induce accused murderers to
ease their consciences by telling of their
crimes. According to his statement
bad cigars had much to do with it,
though once they had failed. The at
torney hinted that the confession edi
tor was not averse to using bad whisky
if the occasion should warrant it,
though an opportunity had not been
given for its use in this case.
During the investigation T. Garrett,
the city editor of. the Examiner, ad
mitted that he had given $35 of Hearst's
money toward securing an option for a
few hours on a gold brick that a
scheming operator was willing to sell
him. He not only squandered good
money, but he made the man who
swindled him his guest, entertaining
him at expensive midnight dinners and
paying the bills for costly wines that
were consumed while the gold brick
swindle was being consummated. The
gold brick was an alleged confession
that Attorney Haymond claimed he had
obtained from Albert Hoff, the ac
cused murderer of Mrs. Clute.
The respondent asked to have the
testimony of Hoff taken in the case,
but the court gave an opinion that he
did not think it would be proper to
put him on the stand while he is being
tried for his life, for the reason that he
might be led into making some state
ments that might be used against him
in the murder charge. Attorney Schoo
ler, Hoff's counsel, objected to his
client going on the witness stand. He
said he had prepared an affidavit and
presented it to the court, but he had
with the consent of the court with
drawn it. It was to the effect that
Hoff had never made a confession.
Attorney Mclntosh was put on the
stand in his own defense. He said that
about a week ago Hoff had told him
that John Connors, a reporter in the
employ of 'the Examiner, had been to
him, and offered to give him $10,000 for
a confession of the crime of killing Mrs.
Clute. The witness told the other at
torneys who are defending Hoff about
it, and they ridiculed the story of their
client. A few days later, while chat
ting with E. B. Haymond, the state
ment of Hoff that the Examiner had
offered the accused man such a large
sum for a confession was mentioned.
Haymond replied that he would have
some fun with the Examiner on the
strength of It. He said he had done
some work for the Examiner, and he
would sell them a gold brick and then
give them the laugh. The witness said
he did not know what the intention of
Haymond was. Nothing more was said
about the alleged offer of the Examiner
to Hoff until Saturday last, when Hay
mond volunteered the information to
Mclntosh that he was being chased by
the Examiner for a confession he had
made the editors of the paper believe
he had, and that the city editor of that
paper was sweating blood over it. On
Sunday morning while the witness was
in his office Haymond came in and said
he wanted permission to go to see Hoff.
The permission was refused.
"Late in the forenoon," said the wit
ness, "I went to the County Jail to Bee
Hoff, and when there Hoff told me that
Connors had been to see him on Satur
day night. Hoff toJd me that a young
man named Britt, who is an office boy
at the Examiner editorial rooms, came
to him, and he introduced Connors'.
Britt said that Connors was a good
friend of the prisoner, and that Hoff
could trust him. Connors had a pocket
full of cigars, and he gave Hoff sev
eral of them. Hcrff lit one of them, and
it made him sick, so he threw it and
the rest he Rave him away, fearing
they had been doped. » It was abowt 6
o'clock when Connors arrived at the
jail, and he refused to leave Hoff until
near midnight. He tried every way
conceivable to gain the confidence of
Hoff, but Hoff would not entertain any
of his pleas. Connors even drew a lurid
word picture of a man hanging by the
neck, and gave a most blood-curdling
detail of the agony of such a death.
Hoff only laughed at him for his pains,
and replied that he would rather die
knowing in his own heart that he was
innocent than have all the money the
Examiner had and live with the world
believing him guilty.
"On Sunday evening I was at home," I
continued the witness, "when a gentle- |
man called and presented one of Hay- I
mond's cards. He said he had been j
sent by Haymond to bring me down- |
town to see him. He said Haymond I
had been trying to get me by telephone, j
but had been unsuccessful and had sent
him. I asked no questions but went
downtown with him. I did not know
who the messenger was until later,
when I found it was John Connors, an
Examiner reporter. He took me to a i
saloon on Post street, and there I found .
Mr. Garrett and Haymond. I at once
realized that I had been led into a
trap and that they were after the Hoff
confession that Haymond had been
telling the Examiner people about. !
Garrett asked us all to drink, but I
suspected there might be a plan to |
drug me and I refused. I refused to
talk about a confession with them and
got away from them as quickly as I
could. I had one or two drinks with
Mr. Garrett and Mr. Connors after en- j
tering the place, but I took good care \
to take my liquor out of the same bot- !
tie that Mr. Garrett did, for fear of a
drug being put in what might be given
to me."
The witness d-nied that he had ever
intimated that there was a confession
in existence and flatly contradicted the
evidence given by Mr. Garrett to the
effect that he had hinted that he would
get a confession if he were paid well j
enough for it.
Argument will be heard in the case
this afternoon at 4 o'clock.
SCANT HOPE FOR HIS LIFE
The Hangman's Noose Grow
ing Tighter Around HofTs
Iseck.
The testimony of five more witnesses
was taken yesterday in the case af Al
bert Hoff, who is accused of the mur
der of Mrs. Clute at SO3 Guerrero street
last December, and the evidence of
each one of them went a long way to
ward fixing the noose around the neck
of the man on trial for his life. Hoff is
now a more interested spectator in the
proceedings of the court and scarcely a
word of the testimony of the witnesses
against him escapes his notice. When
the trial first commenced he sat beside
his attorneys with an air of bravad )
and carelessness about him, but now
that is all gone. When the awfulness
of his situation dawned upon him as the
trial progressed he began to show
signs of uneasiness, but he tried to hide
his feelings behind a mask of jooulaii
ty. That, however, son wore off, and
now he makes no attempt to conceal
I his uneasiness.
The first witness called yesterday
was Miss S. R. Blanchard, who had a
lease of the premises at 803 Guerrero
street, where the murder took place.
She rented the lower floor of the house
to Lv R. Legg, and the day before the
murder Mrs. Clute took the whole of
the upper floor except one room. She
said she had occasion to go through
the rooms frequently, and when she
was shown the coupling pin with which
the life was beaten out of Mrs. Clute
she said she had never seen the weapon
about the house.
The intention of the prosecution is to
show that the weapon had been taken
to the house by the accused murderer
the day the crime was committed.
Percy Armstrong, an eleven-year-old
boy, who resided at 12 Liberty street,
was called to the stand. He testified
to seeing Hoff going down Liberty
street, from Guerrero to Valencia, on
the afternoon of the murder at 5:15
o'clock. That was only a few minutes
after the crime was committed, and
Hoff was fleeing from the scene of the
murder.
Mrs. Armstrong, the mother of the
boy, corroborated the testimony of the
lad In fixing the time at which he had
seen Hoff on the afternoon of the
crime.
Harry Jackson, a carpet layer, told
of having called at the house at 803
Guerrero street in company with Jo
seph Foley to lay some matting on one
of the rooms of the flat Mrs. Clute had
taken. He said they arrived at the
house at 3:55 p. m., and were admitted
to the house by Mrs. Clute. They went
upstairs, and the witness and his com
; panion were engaged at their work
! when Hoff entered the house. Jackson
was only at the house a few minutes,
and when he left the qnly persons on
the flat were Hoff, Mrs. Clute and his
companion, Foley.
Joseph Foley testified to laying the
matting on the floor of one of the
: rooms of the flat, and when he had
I completed his work at about 5 o'clock
he went away, leaving Mrs. Clute and
Hoff in the house. The cross-examina
tion of Foley was in progress when the
court adjourned.
In the Divorce Courts.
Judse Beawell yesterday granted Ada
W. Childs a divorce from George Childs
Ie ground of willful neglect. The fol
g new suits for divorce were corn
ed yesterday: Etta Sorensen from
G. Sorensen, desertion; Anna Kenny
P. H. Kenny, failure to provide;
; Ruef from William Ruef. failure to
de, and Mary Silva from Peter Silva,
desertion.
Were Unable to Agree.
The jury in the case of Wesley T.
Lewis, accused of having feloniously as
saulted Florence Ready on May 25 last,
was discharged last evening by Judge
Dunne. The jurors, after being out eight
een hours, returned to court and an
nounced that it was impossible for them
to agree on a verdict.
WILL SAIL FOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND
A Fleet of Sailing Vessels
Bound for the Kowak
Gold Fields.
The Battleship Oregon Is Now
Ready to Sail at a Mo
ment's Notice.
Sailing of the Walla Walla for Puget
Sound Ports Crowded With
Passengers.
When Captain Cogan put the bark
Alaska on the berth for the Kotzebue
Sound gold fields he little thought the
rush would assume the dimensions it has.
The Alaska was soon filled up and the
Northern Light was purchased and got
ready for the trade. When all the pas
senger accommodations were taken Cap
tain Cogan withdrew, and ever since has
been getting a stern wheel steamer ready
and perfecting his arrangements for a
start the latter part of next month.
The rush was not fairly under way
then, however, and the demand for pas
sage to the Kowak River has been so
great that at the present time there are
on the berth for Kotzebue Sound the
barkentines Catherine Sudden, Jane A.
Falkinburg and Leslie D, barks Mermaid
and Bounding Billow and a couple of
schooners. The Falkinburg was brought
over from ' Oakland Creek yesterday and
was docked at Howard-street wharf. She
will be built up in order to provide accom
modations for about 150 passengers, and a
stern wheel steamer will be brought along
to take the prospectors up the rivers. The
lumber for the steamer is now being dis
charged at Sausalito and the work of
construction will begin at once.
The steamer Vv'alla Walla left for Puget
Sound ports»vesterday crowded with pas
sengers and freight. In order to provide
for the 500 and odd souls she took away,
one hundred berths had to be built up in
the vessel between Wednesday evening
and yesterday morning so that all on
board might have a place in which to
sleep.
The majority of the passengers were
taking advantage of the cheap rates
East, but still there was a good number
of Klondikers aboard. Among them was
A. J. Rosborough, late wharfinger at
Washington and Clay streets. A host of
his friends on the water front were down
to see him off, and "Alec" was almost
broken-hearted over having to leave
them all. As he promised all and sundry
a good-sized nugget on his return the
wishes for a speedy and successful round
trip were many and fervent.
The British steamer Cape Otway is on
her wav from Australasia with a load of
Klondikers. She left Auckland, N. Z., on
the first of this month and is to stop at
Fiji, Samoa, and Hawaii on her way. She
will coal at San Francisco and will then
proceed to St. Michael direct. The Cape
Otway is a new vessel on her maiden
voyage.
Henry Peterson's launch William D
took a distinguished party around the
bay yesterday. It was composed of Ar
thur Sewail of Maine, the Democratic
candidate for Vice-President, his son,
Frank Sewail, Captain Baker of the ship
Kenilworth, and W. A. Morrow, son of
Judge Morrow. The launch stopped at
Oakland long wharf and Mr. Sewail in
spected closely the facilities for shipping
sugar brought here by sailing vessels
from Hawaii to the East.
The steamer Leewenaw, now out 14
days from Boston with coal for John
Rosenfeld's Sons, was formerly the Brit
ish steamer Earnwell. She was purchased
by the Saginaw Steamship Company and
$8&,000 spent on her in repairs. She was
rechristened and placed under the Ameri
can flag.
The sailors aboard the battleship Ore
gon are on the tenter hooks to get away.
They are confident that there is going to
be a war and they want their vessel to
be as far on her way toward the Atlantic
as possible when hostilities commence.
Every man's wash was taken aboard yes
terday and the warship is now ready to
sail at a moment's notice. She has 1600
tons of coal in her bunkers. The water
tanks have all been replenished and the
magazines are full; so for the first time
since she was launched the Oregon is in
full fighting trim.
The Harbor Commissioners decided to
postpone the work of repairing Spear
street wharf yesterday so the bids for
that work and those also for the treat
ment of piles were returned to the bid
ders. The commissioners were not cer
tain but what there might be some trou
ble over the work even though the per
mission of the court had been given, so
it was decided to call for new bids.
The suggestion of Chief Wharfinger
Root that the Naval Reserve's training
ship Marion be moved into the stream un
til the rush of business on the front
abates somewhat was agreed to. The
Chief Wharfinger explained that it was
only the urgency of the case that made
him suggest such a measure. Several ves
sels are now lying in the stream awaiting
an opportunity to dock to discharge. Af
ter some talk on the subject it was de
cided to move the Marion to inner berth
on the north side of Lombard street until
such time as she can return to her old
The San Francisco and North Pacific
Company's steamer San Rafael will make
an excursion trip to Mare Island. Mar
tinez and Vallejo next Sunday, leaving
Sausalito at 9:15 a. m. and San Francisco
at 10-30 a. m. A band will accompany the
abates somewhat was agreed to. The
Chief Wharfinger explained that it was
I only the urgency of the case that made
! him suggest such a measure. Several yes
' sols are now lying in the stream awaiting
; an opportunity to dock to discharge. Af
! t<-r some talk on the subject it was de
i cided to move the Marion to inner berth
i on the north side of Lombard street until
■ such time as she can return to her old
The San Francisco and North Pacific
Company's steamer San Rafael will make
an excursion trip to Mare Island. Mar
! tinez and Vallejo next Sunday, leaving
Sausalito at 9:15 a. m. and San Francisco
at 10:30 a. m. A band will accompany the
1 excursionists.
The 'cargo of the wrecked ship New
York will be sold at auction in th» Mer
chants' Exchange at 1:30 p. m. to-day.
Was Not the Coya.
Owing to a misunderstanding of
the names the steamer stranded on
Baxa Point, Straits of Magellan, was
given as the Coya yesterday instead of
'the Corocora. All the other particulars
were correct save that the Corocora is a
larger vessel, being 4<)06 tons gross burden,
365 feet long, 48 feet broad and 18 feet 7
inches deep.
HE BBOKE HIS ANKLE.
Garrett Cochran's Assistant '' Meets
With a Painful Accident at • •
Berkeley.
Smith, of Princeton College, who came
to California with Garrett Cochran, the
, famous end and captain lof the Prince
' ton football team of last . year, to help
, him train the Berkeley baseball team.
' met with a most painful accident Monday
i that will incapacitate | him from any ac
i tive part in the college athletics for this
Smith was illustrating to some of ! the
students a few of the football tricks that
are in vogue at Princeton, and in so do
ins he turned his : ankle bo severely as
! to break one of the small bones and tear
the ligaments in the leg from their, proper
place Smith did not have on an ankle
brace, and besides ;he wore an old \ pair
' of shoes.
Coach : Cochran said yesterday that he
1 hoped that Smith would :be able to get
out on crutches in about three weeks, but
he does not believe that he will be able
to play again this season. * :>Y;
, : - ■ _ . ♦ ■" ; '■;
A Laundry Thief.
George Hayes, a boy 19 years of age,
who is known to the police as the laundry
thief, had four charges of petty larceny
booked against him at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Ryan and O'Dea.
He has been for some time stealing
packages from laundry wagons and dis
posing of them in second-hand stores.
CASTOR I A
:'- For : Infants and Children.
' : .- limile i 'STSf ■ ■ S/IF/9 s? -"**°* ■ •
ADVERTISEMENTS. x
»a »« » « » »« » ««a« a » a a fa a a a aaaa; a a » »'««« a a
HERE'S Ridiculous Prices!
FOR FRIDAY AND a
SA TURD A V ONLY. «
$ , «
5 ' ",'■■'■:•" :V-'_-' : -;"- " ~~ ■ ... .•■, ;.. - 'i:**'
0 The opening of our new department (in basement) for specia a
0 bargains has already attracted thousands of pleased purchasers, a.
# and while we offer apologies for not having everything in readiness 7 a
# on the opening day, you will now find the carpenters gone and , a
0 nothing but bargains, and big ones, too, to surround you. Many &
0 lines cannot find way to the basement and are on display upon the a
** first floor. * Glance at this list and bring it or mail it to us. You'll #
® find them all here, but for Friday and Saturday only. ~j
z^zzmm^zzzrrz^zim^iiiizii^z^^ — v^.
2 . For Friday and Saturday ..v:,- For Friday and Saturday only, .;'.-; *~
" only. ■ Men's - and Young ■ | basement bargain. Men's A C ft "
rt Men's $6 Suits, stylish Aft OC Trousers in neat dark Cheviot tljlj. «
CD in appearance, desirable ih/.jn : patterns. Ridiculous price.... •*"•■ ** .
« goods. Ridiculous price.... -TT lwvr , : —- ; O
Q ; For Friday and - Saturday 15
v-t For Friday and Saturday . only. Youths' Suits, 14 to . - "-"'"?«
w Boy's new Spring Style 01 f|O 19 years, including fine Q/l f|C «
8 . Suits, elegant goods to fHIiUMi worsteds, worth $10. Ridic- All JJJ ;«-
q wear. Ridiculous price *rnwwi v i OU3 price. :. .... T w > g
a OC Men's new up-to-snuff patterns, in Men's and Young Men's OF\/» «
» 25c. Go» gaaar&S; ..........£.:......;....,.,.........;.......\ sc - »
« It- Men's very desirable Tennis Overshirts, all sizes "neckbands, i{T n ."
« lOC. worth s° c - (In basement.) % lOC. a :
<* xw. Ridiculous price ........ J ... : * v _
« : _ . «
\Z -t jx _ Children's Sailor Straw Hats, over 600, good style, this sea- -I t -. #
2 I Dli son's production, will find way in basement on bargain table. I t)\j» vi-
« J-'-'v/. Ridiculous price ..... ......v.............. *w>t S
i*C ! : : ■ ; ; ; .Q
S r»C« Underwear Snap Extraordinary— Men's Tan and Gray color fttr- w
" Zi*)Pi fleece ribbed Underwear, worth 50c. ,:.-;■;. Zt)l! v
O */ W. Ridiculous price .■.....■..■...■.■.. *^ v/ * &
C( "ik Men's Maco Yarn Socks (in basement), good weight and C _ a
6 *)0, splendid wearing goods, warranted fast color. - , OC &
« ■ UUi » Ridiculous price;.. .■.•;.♦........-:...........'■:. vv>t $
« C Children's Long Black Hose, warranted fast color, for school r _ &
ysr HR and every-day wear, regular 15c > value. In basement for DR. «
« UUI Friday and Saturday. .......:...:.'...:. ..........v uv/t «
a" — ~ , ..-..•■■ " «
S2 SS 58 S2 SS3SSSSBBSBSSBB 82 S3 S3 • •-TTljr "" |m j) jfl 11/ 8 II »
a Mail mit 1 2£ HnLLSIISiiB «
O ITldli as advertised to- B ggggg euf tmßcaeniujjjjKauaA^
§ Orders ! r L" 5 - ri^vs g"
§ postal with your name and address THE CHEAPEST." g
§ gets our booklet with tape line and «-_,*«-__ „4+ ,_ '. . «
« r^les for self-measurement. Clothiers, Batters and Furnishers, g
§ S3 SS SS S3 SS SS SS S3 SS SS S3 S3 SS S3 S3 924-930 MARKET ST. g
a'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa'aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
SPEED! SAFETY! COMFORT!
FOURTH TRIP.
STMR. HUMBOLDT
Sails on or about March 31st direct for
SIC AGO AY
—AND—
DYEA.
JOHN A. MAGEE JR.,
Agent, 310 Clay St.
'Phone— Main 1779. ■
SAINT MARK'S HOSPITAL
—AND—
HOME FORM CARE OFTHEIHEBRIME
Corner Stockton and Chestnut Streets.
Is , Open for the Reception of Patients, Under
Care of
DR. S. P. TUGGLE,
AND STOCKTON STREETS, over City of
Paris: 2 to 4 p. m.
' —^ *** "*"^^^^"^"^"^^"^^
' -. ■ AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
I Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Sims & Buchanan's Great Irish Racing Drama,
THE
ENGLISH
ROSE!
, PICTURESQUE IRISH SCENERY.
JAUNTING CAR.
CELTIC WIT AND COMEDY.
RUINS OF BALLY-VEENEY.
Evening prices— 25c, 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. •
fp SIX FREE LECTURES
f& On Spirit, Soul Phrenology »nd Hetlth,
JT at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE on
2 ■ Fifth st., near Market, by -^
MRS. 0. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the late Prof. 0. &. Fowler, the Cele-
brated Phrenologist of New York.
Saturday, March 19, 8 p. m.— "Electricity;
Its Application to Disease."
• Classes taught the application of electricity
to cure disease, : beginning March 22. Phre-
nological examinations daily from 9 a. m. till
9 p. m. until March 31, at the California Hotel,
on Bush St., near Kearny. " ' ■ ■
Y. H. C. A.JBDITORIUM.
TO-MOBBOW (SATURDAY) AFTERNOON. AT 8:30.
LAST
VIOIjIN RECITAL.
MARTEAU!
' Accompanied by
LACHAUME.
' Fi-Awjsrisrr.
—AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME
Reserved Seats, $1 50, at the San, Francisco,
Music Store, " 225 Sutter street. -'■■■-■
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
i ;-.".■; SUNDAY EVENING. MARCH 20.
POPULAR CONCERT
. :.•■ , :"•■ Given •; by •*"•■■•:•- •. " -
THE GREAT FRENCH VIOLINIST, "
HENRI MARTEAU,
JBag^g^S^g^- *■— and— "c^eSssKßHßj
AIME LACHAUME,
-". PIANIST. Assisted by
AUGRMNDIORCHESTRfII
Conductors— LACHAUME and MARTEAU.
Prices ...... .';.*.. ......T...V. 50c, 75c. $1 and Jl 50
* " Seats c on - Sale at : the • San - Francisco < Music
Store, 225 Sutter street, ; and at ; the • Box Office
Sunday. .■'■■■.-.■ -__ .--'.■ ' ■ " : ; : .:
•RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY C L B—
Winter Meeting, " 1897-98. Beginning MONDAY.
- March 7, -to ; March • 19. Inclusive.
Oakland race track. .
RACING monday, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY SATURDAY.
FIVE OR J MORE i RACES • EACH ( DAY.
— RACES START AT :2:15: 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
' Ferry ' boats « leave « San ': Francisco .at '- 12 ' m.
; and i 12:30, : 1:00,'. 1:30, ; 2:00, : 2:30 i and 3;• p. v m.;
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to track. ■ Buy your ferry s tickets :ito * Shell
Mound. 1 Returning— Trains < leave i the ; track at
4-15 and 4:45 p. ! m.. and I immediately . after the
last race. THOMAS H. i WILLIAMS JR.. . Prea. '
fjJL_ B. MILROY. Secretary. . •;
■
AMUSEMENTS.
cJftiaZrc
VFRIEDUNMH GOT ft 0B iCniitii rnnrnmn
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S BIG
MINSTRELS.
A HOST OF LEADING STARS'.
A LONG LIST OF FEATURES!
EXTRA...
...NEXT MONDAY...
America's Greatest Indoor Show,
RICE'S
"1492."
60— PEOPLE— 60
Handsome Accessories. Beauty Galore.
SEATS NOW READY.
ffulSlAHbUl 60ITL08 &CSussusa< > UMw«
Every Evening (Including Sunday),
MATINEE SATURDAY.
All This and Next Week.
MOST EXCELLENT LAUGHING.
Madeleine Lucette Ryley's Merry Comedy, th«
MYSTERIOUS
MR. BUG LEI
Presented by
'JOSEPH HOLLAND
• And a Splendid Cast.
Sunday Night Begins the Last Week.
SEATS NOW READY.
Coming— ANNA HELD. . *■„•.
%a£ifrriLia cffiialrk
« RtEOLANOEB OOTTiOB a C uhhi »/mhuiu»
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Great Farce Comedy Success,
.■".. TOWN topics.
With the Celebrated
' WORLD, KELLER AND MACK.
: Prices— lsc, 25c \ and 50c— No higher.
COMING— Marion Crawford.
— — — ; ■ :
Will H. Fox, comedian-pianist: Burke & For-
rest,^ comedy sketch artists; Athas & Collins.
Australia's favorites; Mr. and Mrs. Tom | Me-
Intosh. ebony fun; Jose Quintet, greatest vocal-
ists; Josephine Sabel. vivacious chanteuse, in-
troducing the great Human Music Sheet — 50 col-
ored vocalists; Rudlnoff, fantastic -delineator;
last 3 nights of the Human Music Sheet; also
of Webb & , Hassan, hand ■ acrobats; Smith &
Cook, dancing, comedians. -
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, . 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mks. Eunestixe Krelint,, Proprietor it Manager
"—LAST NIGHTS
Of the Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
The Prettiest . Production of the Year. V
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING— Special Produc-
■ tion of
• ! The Most i Laughable iof - Musical Corned '
"THE \A/IDO\A/ O'BRIEN,"
SONG DANCE HUMOR.
POPULAR PRICES 25 AND 50 CENTS. /
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serr.
ice no orders for seats will be received here-
after. ■. : ' ."' . - ■- . '.- -■': •' ■ ■
AT r^ A rj ATV seats by,
ALCAZAR. PHONE,
r J ±l~t\^l~l.£-Jf^*\» MAIN 254.- .
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE TO-MORROW. '
MATINEE SATURDAY. •■,'••
. THEN . . : -
THE DISTRICT ; ATTORNEY" %
- Bids San , Francisco Good-by. , '
MONDAY . NIGHT— A Hot Farce,
"THE GIRL UP TO DATE."
Prices, -15c, 25c, 35c, 60c. : ■':.'• -' -■ -
PRONOUNCED BY PRESS AND PUBLIC
GREATEST SHOW ON EARTH. %
■■• ... •^ri M /V^a ... ."•■"" ••'""■ '":"*'■-'
IN ■ THE -~ CHUTES.
FINEST : WILD ANIMALS IN I CAPTIVITY!
See Captain Cardono's Group of Trained Lions
—The r Most Thrilling i Animal ' Act Extant: :
Feeding of • the Carnivore, at 6 and 10:30 p. m.
■ Open Dally from 10 a. m. to llp-m-p'^.'-v
- 10c to All. Including Zoo. etc.; Children, 6c. V
" ; CHIQUITA Receives Every Afternoon i and .
Evening. ■ / .. -".: '. '. ■..'''■ -."-..'•.. \- : -\'. : ■ ."..."
ANTON SCHOTT RECITALS.
The great ; tenor -and famous . court : singer
of the late Emperor William I of Germany, as-
sisted by MISS LITTLE and ARTHUR FICK-
ENSCHER. ./ : : '. ' ' " " : - : r-• ■ ■
TO-NIGHT— B:IS O'Clock. :i.\
At Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall. 223 Sutter at. .
-•-.' . General Admission 50c. _ . -
Season tickets, reserved seats $3.'. For sale at _
Sherman. ; Clay & ■ Co.'s ■ Music Store, • from > I
to 5 p. 'm. - . ■--'.' '■'■'■ , - ■'
-HI VJVIDT A : : Corner of Meson »nd.
* yjUWlVl.**--: ■ Eddy ■ sirseta. '/■ t . ■ :
America's most beautiful music hall. '- -'Great- •
est free > bill sin ; the :s: s world. T ADAM ; SISTERS, ,;
ballaciists; MONTALAIS, .. soubrette: LESLIE, :
vocalist;-. MARION, s danseuse; MULLIN St ;
WARD, novelty boxing; ? ARNELDO and : tea I;
others. * House heated. Admission free.
78
THE FRIGHTFUL TERRORS
OF THE FROZEN YUKON
HOW MEN
FOUGHT THE
ICY DEATH
Dread Winter March of
the Famine=Stricken
Army.
While Behind Them Came the
Sound of the Flood That
Swept Hundreds to
Their Doom.
BY SAM W. WALL.
DAWSON, Feb. 14 (by special carrier
to Dyea and by steamship Queen to
Seattle, March 17).— Since my last dis
patch I have made a Journey with dogs
to Fort Yukon, and there secured the
full story of the miserable army of the
unprovisioned that struggled to reach
Dawson City, only to be ordered by
their own needs to move on.
"Writing from Dawson when this day
was far in the future, I said the winter
promised for the great disorganized
multitude that climbed the pass above
Dyea an experience of suffering such
as threatened to overmatch that of the
French in their retreat from Moscow. I
have seen the fulfillment of that threat.
In the long stretch of frozen rivers
between here and Fort Yukon, I have
seen the wrecks of the boats in which
that section of the north-bound army
floated down stream. I have Been the
trail for miles strewn with its forsaken
and ruined property, and I have seen
and camped with detachments of that
army as it comes back from Fort Yu
kon, struggling against the bitter cold
and driving snow and frightful winds,
through a temperature registering from
30 to 50 degrees below zero, each man
pulling his sled loaded with the food he
had secured, literally freezing that they
might not starve.
By their campflres along the bleak
river, I have heard them tell, careless
by comparison, of the terrible experi
ence they are now undergoing, of a cer
tain night in October while they floated
down the river, and there came to
them "that peculiar sound of ice in mo
tion."
The ice was Jamming, the river rose
behind it, their boats were caught and
crushed and thrown under. Cries for
help were answered by other cries for
help. We know this from those who
made the landing. I have secured the
names of many of them. If some went
down in the darkness and the flood, we
do not know it and can never know.
The story of that struggle, that night
with the water and the ice, the effort to
reach the land over the broken and un
certain surface, the waiting by some
for days until they became sufficiently
fixed to bear their weight of the slow
struggle of over sixty miles through
the bewildering maze of islands known
as the Yukon flats, often losing their
way and turning back on their own
trail, and the treacherous ice and snow
giving way under them, compelling
them to abandon their little supplies of
food and even their clothes, some of
them without matches or ax with
which to make fires, and with no more
than a blanket for covering, the mer
cury registering 10 degrees below zero;
this is the experience In slightly vary
ing detail and degree of five hundred
men.
I give the matter of fact relation of
the experience by individuals most of
them tired and worn at the time of the
telling, incapable of any play of imag
ination, but the listener in the incident
of the ice jam, for instance, could still
feel the darkness of the night, the
black water underneath the boat, the
moving masses of ice, on every side,
land nowhere to be seen, and In the
ear, "that peculiar sound of Ice In mo
tion."
The sudden rise or check of the wa
ter, the rush and crush of ice about the
boat and then the crash of contact.
There were over 100 men in that crush
of the night of the 12th of October in
the vicinity of what came to be known
as "Camp Ray" or "Jam City," and
400 others entered the jam before or
within a few days after. Later this
crowd was assembled at Fort Yukon,
cold, miserable, destitute. They were
cared for as well as the equipment of
the place admitted.
They had lost and Buffered much.
They had been advised to go there
and were assured that they could get
food without money if they had none.
Some of them had been engaged at
Dawson to make the round trip on a
boat that got no further than Circle
City, going down.
These felt they had a definite griev
ance. There were among them a num
ber of idle and ill disposed men who
thought they saw an opportunity to
get something for nothing. All of
them demanded outfits that they
might get away and do the things that
they came to do. They were offered
the opportunity to chop wood at $5 a
cord and were required to accept it as
a condition of their being given food
in quantity. Some turbulent spirits
arose against the acceptance and an
organized move was made to capture
the caches of the trading companies.
It was directed first against that of
the Alaska Commercial Company, not
because that company was the spe
cial object of malice, but because of
the isolated position of the cache.
Captain Ray took possession of both
caches in the name of the Government
and turned the men from their pur
pose, although a very determined front
was shown by them and a score of
rifles uncovered, a messenger to Cap
tain Ray fired upon and captured and
that officer himself confronted and de
layed on the ice while on his way to
the cache.
Lieutenant Richardson, with a soli
tary rifle, patrolled before the cache
and held them in check previous to the
arrival of Captain Ray and until a
conference between him and a repre
sentative of the men reached a satis
factory conclusion.
Under the agreement there reached
many of the men agreed to cut wood in
payment for provisions, and bona-flde
prospectors were given outfits on giv
ing their notes.
Others secured individual credit and
others, who had It, paid money.
It was these men, after this adven
ture and others that took no part in it,
that I met toiling back along the line
of the Arctic circle, enduring all that
that implies, to Dawson with their bur
dens of beans and bacon and flour. I
told the story at length, gathering from
many sources, and dispatched it by
carrier, under date of January 5, from
that post. I left there January 10 and
wrote another dispatch at Circle City
under date of January 15. As I ar
rived at Forty Mile one day ahead of
the carrier and at Dawson four days
ahead of him, I have practically carried
or beaten my own dispatches and have
the opportunity to write under this still
later date from this place.
I left Dawson at noon on the 10th of
December, left Fort Yukon for my re
turn on the 10th of January and arrived
here on the 27th of January, forty-eight
days out. In that time I was thirty
three days traveling over 1000 miles, as
the trails run. The trail was made in
large part by this struggling army of
unfortunates to whom the river, and
especially the flats, were unfamiliar,
and the eighty miles between Fort Yu
kon and Circle City is this winter
lengthened into 100.
Any trail is beter than no trail and the
traveler in this frozen land follows the
man who has gone before, even if he
knows he is being led some distance out
of the way.
Thus the trail all the way down is
said to be much longer than usual this
year. It Is true that it shifts and is
lost and is made over again in some de
gree by almost every traveler, but in
its main direction it has been laid and
fixed by the travel of unexperienced
men.
In going down I traveled as far as
Circle City in company with Captain
W. E. Geiger of the steamer Weare. We
have eleven dogs and two sleds. We
had with us Cherosky, an Indian guide,
famous as the discoverer of gold at Cir
cle City. There traveled with us as
far as Charley River. Sonsa, another
Indian of some fame on the river, and
to Forty Mile Pitka, a great Indian
runner and the partner of Cherosky in
the discovery of gold.
From Forty Mile through to Circle
City another young Indian named Peter
was with us, so that between Dawson
and Charley River, two-thirds of the
distance, there were three Indians in
the party. All save Cherosky, how
ever, were independent of us, and had
their own dog teams, although we
camped and traveled and worked to
gether.
. During the last three days Cherosky,
our Indian, was sick, causing frequent
stops, when he would kneel on his
snowshoes and rest his head on the
sled. The entire Journey was made on
foot and most of the way on snow-
shoes. We encountered frequent snow
and wind storms that completely oblit
erated the trail, and for days at a
time we were compelled to follow It by
means of a stick, feeling for it through
a foot of snow. Indeed the greater
part of the Journey we followed the
trail by a sense of touch rather than
sight, especially going down, as we had
but a few hours of daylight and for
days did not see the sun.
The Journey was undertaken at a
time of year when the days are short
est. On the shortest day of the year,
the 22d of December, we were in the
Upper Ramparts, two days east of Cir
cle r-ity. We traveled, despite the
darkness, from 6 o'clock in the morn
ing until 3 in the afternoon, being com
pelled by the necessity of gathering
dry wood to make camp while yet
there was a little light. With a cabin
in prospect as a camping place, how
ever, we would travel many hours with
no light but the stars.
There are cabins here and there along
the river at irregular intervals.eauipDed
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
THE TANANA RIVER
INDIANS STARVING
They Went Out to Hunt at a
Place to Which the Deer Did
Not Come as Usual.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.— The tribe of 300 Indians located along
the Tanana River in Alaska have been battling with starvation the past
winter. This fact was brought by a trapper and a fur buyer to Cir
cle City about the middle of January and news sent south by Thomas
Caniff.
These Indians had gone into the hills near the headwaters of tne
river to wait for the usual coming of the cariboo and moose. The
animals pass in herds, going from the coast toward the interior. They
are usually three or four days in passing and the Indians slaughter
large numbers of them. This season the deer did not appear at the
ordinary time, but the Indians presumed that the passing would only
be later than usual, not that the deer had taken some other route
into the interior. They waited until all their food had been eaten up
and then began to live on the flesh of their dogs.
Early in January nearly all their canines had been eaten up, still
the deer did not arrive, and the Indians had no way of traveling to
the river. It was at this time that a trapper came across them. He
at once went on to Circle City with the news. A relief party organ
ized. Several sleds with such supplies as could be spared were load
ed up and attached to expert dog teams. These, in charge of exper
ienced Yukoners, started over the snow to the relief of the famished
Indians. It is a question whether they will arrive before many of
the red men shall have succumbed to the pangs of hunger.
with stoves, built by the Miners' Asso
ciation and designed as stopping places
for wayfarers.
Here all have equal privilege and it is
the sight of a lifetime to see men, each
with his sleigh and outfit and dogs,
thirty of them gathered in one of these
cabins to prepare their suppers and
cook dog feed on one little tin stove and
a campfire outsido and succeeding with
it all with not an impatient word
spoken during the ordeal. Men have to
be patient and tolerant on the trial and
they are so.
There were two of these cabins be
tween Dawson and Forty Mile on the
boundary line, one in an old house, once
occupied by Ogilvie and his party of
surveyors when running the line, an
other and the best on the river at
Mission Creek, and still another eight
miles from Circle. Houses of refuge in
extra severe weather also were the In
dian camps and the occasional cabin of
the woodchoppers, but the traveler
often passes them by and camps in the
open when he does not come upon them
at camping time.
The flats are the same terrible flats
summer or winter. For miles above and
below Camp Ray the trail led over
Jagged stacks of ice that kept the
sleds constantly turning upside down
and made progress, even with six dogs,
exceedingly slow. And yet it was here
we met many of this unhappy army of
the unprovisioned leaning forward in
the traces, wreathed in and their faces
literally obscured b^ frost, hauling
their own sleds. Above and below the
Jam of Jams — for there were more than
one — the trail ran for miles over level
ice, honeycombed with holes, often so
close together as to barely admit the
width of the sleds betwen them and the
dark and swift current of the river
flowing at the very edge of the trail.
Once our heavily loadeu sled went par
tially through, and again we were com
pelled to go into camp, although it was
scarcely afternoon, because Patton
stepped in some snow Just off the trail.
His hold on the "gee" pole saved him,
but he was wet to the middle and de
clared he had "not touched bottom."
The rotten ice is accounted for by
warm springs, swift currents and gla
ciers.
I returned to Dawson with Harry
Davis, the Alaska Commercial Com
pany's agent at Fort Yukon, the man
who stood the brunt during the trying
times when the unprovisioned were be
sieging his quarters. We were just
three days in making Circle, remained
there two days, ran to Forty Mile in
nine days, rested there one day, and in
two days more reached Dawson. We
overtook James Dodson, known on the
river here as "Windy Jim," bringing
mail up from Manook (Rampart City)
and the mouth of the Tanana, 300 miles
below Fort Yukon. He brought up
fifty-three pounds of mail and $16,000
from the stranded people and the trad
ers down there to be forwarded out. He
was to be paid a fixed sumfper letter
for carrying the mail up and bringing
back what mail was here for the sub
scribes, some of them agreeing to pay
as much as $20 per letter, and the whole
guaranteeing him $2,000 for the trip.
He left Rampart City on December 8
and arrived here on January 18. He
reports the steamers Seattle No. 1, the
May West and Hattie 8., all enter
prises of last fall, with their passengers
wintering in the mouth of the Noveka
kat River, ninety-five below Rampart
City or Manook.
The Governor Rtoneman, a small
steamer with a barge, is ninety-five
miles still further down, with forty
people. He says there are at least 500
people at Rampart City and 200 camped
with their boats, the settlement there
being known as Woodworth, after
•Captain Wood of the Seattle No. 1 and
Captain Worth of the May West. Al
Mayo has established a store at Ma
nook, and the developments on the
creek Indicate a substantial camp.
Ex-Governor McGraw and General
Carr of Seattle are prospecting there.
The steamer May West and those in
terested in her are in all sorts of trou
ble. She has a number of passengers
whom Captain Worth,, out of his con
fidence in his ability to reach here last
fall, contracted to feed until they were
landed at Dawson. The provisions are
running short, and the passengers are
getting fretful. James Adams, one of
the passengers who had advanced some
money to Captain Worth, and has a
mortgage on the boat, and the carpen
ters and crew have not been paid.
They threaten to tie >«°r up on reach-
Ing Circle City and have her sold to re
cover their money. The total Indebted
ness is about $5000. She is loaded with
bonded goods, and the question is
raised as to whether she may be tied
up under these circumstances.
These people on the lower river have
been absolutely cut off from commu
nication with the outside world, and
the letters Dodson brings will, when
they get out, be the first direct word
their friends have received from them
since leaving home last summer, their
whereabouts even being unknown.
Dodson expected to carry back with
him a quantity of mail addressed to
them here, but will probably hay to
return without any as no Canadian
mail has arrived since last summer,
and hope of its arriving before the
opening of the river is now almost
given up.
The rumor that was current last Sep
tember to the effect that Major Walsh
and Judge Maguire were on the trail
up about the Peiiy River, coming in
with 1400 pounds of mail, is still circu
lated here at intervals, but no mail ar
rives except stray letters through pri
vate individuals. Even the officials
here claimed to be in doubt about the
whereabouts of the mail and Major
Walsh. They say they have received
no official advices.
It is believed that Walsh and Ma
guire are camped somewhere on the
trail with the mall, bat are afraid to
come here on account of the scarcity
of provisions. The American mail is
almost equally at fault. Richardson,
the contractor, is the principal owner
of the steamer Seattle No. 2. He prom
ised to meet the carrier of the Sep
tember mail at Circle City with his
boat, or in the event of failure of the
boat to come up with dogs. The boat
failed, but he did not p<> up or send up.
G. P. Sproul, the carrier of the Sep
tember mail, is here in the hospital, or
just out of it. It was his four pouches
of mail that we carried to Circle City.
Although passing through Dawson, it
is distinctly American mail and con
tains no letters for this place. The re
turn mail is now bein^ sent up by an
independent carrier, oil Ben Atwaters.
There is great and general complaint
because of this utter failure of the mail
service here. Reliev.it by the exodus
up and the exodus down the river, the
fear on account of s< arcity of provis
ions here seems to have entirely passed
away. There are a number of restau
rants hore in full operation running
night and day. an 1 a meal may be
obtained for ?2 80, although the price
is still maintained at $4 50 by one or
two restaurants— pie and a cup of cof
fee $1.
There is a great deal of sickness here.
Forty patients almost test the capacity
of the hospital. A number are suffer
ing from freezing, and a still greater
number from scurvy. There is said to
be also a gr.^at deal of scurvy among
the miners up the creeks.
J. J. Miles of Seattle was frozen to
death while on a stampede to Moore
hyde Creek on Christmas day. He was
a bookkeeper in the employ of the
Alaska Commercial Company and
leaves a widow here. In company with
S. Archibald he started up the creek,
which is just four miles below Daw
son. Becoming tired he told Archibald
to go on and he would rrst awhile and
would have a fire burning in a cabin
near by for him when he returned.
He eat down by a tree and Archibald
went on. Returning he went to the
cabin, and not finding Miles nor any
sign of his having been there, he went
to the place where they had parted.
The frozen body of Miles was sitting
exactly as Archibald had two hours
before left him.
Since the establishment of the Cham
ber of Commerce and Mining a new
mining exchange has been opened here
on Second street under the direction of
Russell Ulrich of Chicago. It is lo
cated In a large commodious building
and was successfully opened on the
evening of February 1.
There are no less than four newspa
per enterprises about to be sprung hero.
Two newspaper men, Wilkins of Pitts
burg, and Settiz of Chicago, are at the
head of the Dawson News, for which
subscriptions and advertisements are
now being taken. Two other newspaper
outfits are, on the river and will be here,
one from above and one from below,
when the ire breaks. The outfit of the
Yukon Press, which has heretofore been
published at Fort Adams, is on a boat
and will also probably be brought here.
The mining situation grows in inter
est as the spring with its clear-up ap
proaches. The work on El Dorado and
Bonanza has thrown up mountains of
rich dirt, out of which will be washed
much greater quantities of gold than
was realized last year. Both creeks,
wherever they have been worked,
have fully met all the great expecta
tions that were raised by the output of
last spring and summer.
Bonanza is being worked as high as
100 above Discovery, but like nearly
every other creek in the country de
velopment is interfered with to some
extent by the run of water from gla
ciers, the weather not having been
cold enough so far to close up this
source of annoyance to the miner. The
heavy fall of snow that took place
early in the season has protected the
streams of water that flow under It
and they have driven many men out
of the mines. Not a few lays have
been given up on this account and
many rich claims have for this reason
not been worked. This Is true con
cerning the diggings of the whole
country.
A number of new creeks have sprung
Into competition with Bonanza and
El Dorado in public interest during
the past two months. Hunker Creek
leads them. It is being worked from
7 above to 49 below Discovery continu
ously, besides a great number of more
isolated holes that are being sunk. It
is claimed that there is not one blank
so far found on the creek and that the
developments pan out from 50 cents to
$2 a pan.
Sulphur is also reported to be show-
Ing fine prospects, and Alex McDonald,
one of the big operators here, has taken
up a string of twenty-five claims on
Baker Creek with the purpose of sluic
ing, with excellent prospects being re
ported from there. Henderson's Gold
Bottom, Dominion, All Gold, Quartz
and Eureka creeks are all talked about
and boomed by those interested, but
Continued on Ninth Page,
NOW MANY
ARE IN THE
HOSPITAL
Misery of Some of the
Men Who Seek
Northern Gold.
Scores of Sufferers Treat
ed at Fort Yukon Since
the Ice Jam.
Terrible Work Done by Jack
Frost and the Scurvy Along
the Frozen Yukon.
PROSPECTORS LOSE TOES.
Here Are tho Names of Men Who
Left Dawson to Get Food, and
What They Are Doing.
BY SAM W. WALL.
PROTEST AGAINST
LIVERNASH.
DAWSON, Feb. 14.— The pro
test of the miners against Liv
ernash of the Examiner-Journal
representing them in the matter
of securing the repeal of the ob
noxious mining laws has been
sent to Ottawa. The feeling
against Llvernash is general
throughout the mining district.
A meeting has since been held,
repudiating the action of the
meeting that appointed him 2
and resolutions making a strong
protest against him were adopt
ed and subsequently forwarded
to the capital.
FORT YUKON, Jan. 2 (via Seattle,
March 7).— Some Intelligence of what
has taken place along the river be
tween here and Circle City during the
past two months has doubtless reached
the outside or will have done so before
this dispatch gets into print. It is
only left for me to tell the story as I
have gathered it.
Fort Yukon, a few months ago the
home of a trader and a missionary and
the camping place of a few Indians,
has been the theater of much stirring
events since I left it to ascend the
river in a small boat on the evening of
September 1. There is now a hospital
here full of sick and enfeebled men,
one of whom, Charles Lehman of St.
Louis, had his frozen foot amputated
to-day. There is now quite a little
settlement of stranded people here and
the cabins of woodchoppers are found
at frequent interval for fifty miles up
and down the river.
The great exodus of the unprovis
ioned from Dawson to this post caused
the greatest anxiety on the part of the
agents of the companies for the safety
of their property here and on the part
of friends at Dawson for the personal
safety of those who undertook the
journey so late In the year. The anx
iety of both was more than justified.
Between 200 and 300 men were caught
in the ice jam In the Yukon on the
night of October 12, and the experience
of every one of them was such as
crowded the wear and tear of years
into a few days and nights, aged,
maimed and enfeebled numbers and
people a hospital. No immediate fa
talities are known.
Gathered at Fort Yukon in front of
the bulging warehouses of the two big
companies this crowd of cold and hun
gry men, most of whom had lost all of
their possessions in the struggle
against the Icy river, now become Im
patient and intolerant, organized and
with guns essayed to take possession
of the caches.
The energy of two men. Captain P.
H. Ray and Lieutenant Richardson,
Eighth Infantry, met and overturned
the plan, and eventually brought about
the conditions that now obtain. A
great majority of the men who came
down the river in this extremity were
destitute, and provisions were issued to
them upon their personal notes, Cap
tain Ray guaranteeing the notes on be
half f?f the Government. Some few
had money and paid, some of them
voluntarily and others by compulsion.
Others known to be trustworthy are al
lowed credit without the intervention
of the Government. Still others con
sented to remain here or near by, build
cabins and cut wood for the companies
at the stated price of $5 per cord, which
means about $5 per day, and outfits
were advanced to them on that account.
Following are the names of those who
came to this place and received outfits
together with a note as to where they
have gone or what they are doing bo
far as could be obtained: John Po
latsek, remains here waiting the boat.
These are on the trail for Dawson:
Earl Cautcher, Edward Hagman, B. H.
Morran, Andrew Johnson, John Peter
son, Frank Hesmond, A. J. Cadenhead.
George Stokes, George O. Hayne, D. H.
Gray, H. Griffith, T. Bolland, E. T.
Hansen, E. O. Weimouth, Andrew Paul,
Pavid Orr, J. G. Nichols, E. Wall,
Thomas Torry, John Thompson, Clar
ence Worthlngton, John O'Gara, Will
iam Borcovich, Peter Choquette, H. J.
Schroeder, Mr. and Mrs. R. Gidding*?.
These have gone to Circle City:
Thomas Brady, T. Boland, Charles
Brutsch, Charles Davis, O. McLain,
John Lockner, Louis Kern, Bert Evans,
Robert Lennon, Ernest Michael, John
Sharpley, J. A. Jesson, Henry Senran,
P. O. Carlton. Edward Hall, Chester
Worthington, F. L. Sanford, Andrew
Douglas. Samuel P. Harris. Otto Wil
ner, J. C. Hayes, M. T. Dodd, Dan Mc-
Pherson, George Livie, William Van
Winkle, Thomas Eaton, D. T. Ander
son. Alexander Hoy, David Jones. Dan
iel ('asey, A. Nelson, Edward Sanders,
A. Mack, Louis Christol, F. Trumpf,
S. S. Neal, W. T. Price, J.
RICH ORE FOUND
ON KENAI PENINSULA
The Men Who Are Working in the
Cooks Inlet Country Have
Prospect of Wealth.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 17.— The latest arrival from the Cooks
Inlet country In Alaska, to which there was such a stampede two
years ago. is Charles Denham of Chicago. He arrived here to-day, en
the steamer Excelsior, having left Sunrise City February 23. Denham
reports a remarkable glacier gold find on the Kenai Peninsula, 2000
feet above sea level. This strike in the hills was made early in Jan
uary by A. R. MeConnaughey and another party. When near Skil
lokh Lake they broke the ice on one of the small streams to prospect
for gold. The first panful of gravel they took out ran $3 18 when
weighed later at Sunrise.
Other pans were secured which ran as high as $4 in coarse gold.
This hill has never been prospected.
The Cooks Inlet country is showing up better than ever this win
ter, and the 135 men there are getting good returns for their work.
Considerable mining has been done on Six Mile Creek, one prospector
taking out as high as $70 for a day's work.
The miners are now engaged in hauling provisions and sawing
lumber for cabins and sluices. The coldest day of the winter was
February 21, the thermometer falling 42 degrees below zero.
In an interview with The Call correspondent to-night Mr. Denham
said: "The Polly Mining Company is a large operator in Cooks In
let. Last year it worked sixty- seven days and took out $100,000
in gold. This season it will operate on a much larger scale. I
have secured ten claims on Six Mile Creek for the Alaskan Bonanza
Mining Company of Chicago, "Longshorty" McConnaughey, located a
well-appearing quartz ledge near Skillokh Lake shortly before coming
out. This property !s about forty miles south of Turn-Again Arm,
and the ledge, which is traceable lor half a mile, averages eight feet
in width. Assays made at Sunrise gave as high as $118 in copper,
gold and silver. I have brought down a sack of the ore."
J. Malloy, R. F. Firzlaff. D.
Madden, F. E. Maltby, George Seidel,
A. B. Nallner, E. Johansen, George
Smiley, C. W. Dempster, Thomas La
porte, John Karbo, Charles Oros, J. B.
Prior, George Staggs, J. E. Burgess, V.
Berger, E. Brice, John Demars, Charles i
Forget, A. Perralt, Dick Casey, P. Odd- '
ADVERTISEMENTS. ________
■•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+<
Better Than Klondike Gold!
Read the Grateful Letter of a Man Who Has Recovered His ■
Vitality by Using Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. ;i|!
, llpi^^BliEliTlflb MBMTg^P! ' ! ;.|
FREE SUSPENSORY FOR WEAK MEN.
IGERNA. Cal., March 15, IS9B.
-'■■• DR. A. T. SANDEX— Dear Sir: I hereby send you a report of my condition as i
requested, and am glad to be in a position to state that I am benefited by the use .
of your Belt to a wonderful degree. , . ,
From the first application of your belt I began to improve. I noticed a change Im-
mediately with my stomach and bowels, and in a short time the pain in my, back '
and sides was less severe. I can say I am feeling: fine. My back does not ache i
any more. I am not so nervous, and. better still, I can work hard without feeling ,
tired at night. I can sleep well and pet up refreshed in the morning. I have noticed
this more because last year, doing, the same work, I would feel awful tired and
weak at night, and would get up In the morning feeling worse. Tour Belt has also '
helped my wife of her troubles, and I would not take a prold mine in Klondike for i
It if I could not get another. I cannot say too much in praise of your Sanden Belt ,
nor feel thankful enough for the good your treatment has done us both. Yours grate- '
fully, MR. F. E. WOOLSEY, Igerna, Siskiyou County, Cal. \ ■
THERE ARE THOUSANDS LIKE HIM. ' I
Dr. Sanden will send you his book, "Three Classes of Men," free, '
with many Letters of this kind. Why will you go on suffering when ;'
there is such proof of the cure which Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has in
store for you? Don't wait; get the Belt or the book to-day. It means ;'
strength, health, joy and happiness. ;- v : [
QANTYFN FTFCTRTP TO 632 Market St., Opposite Vi"
OAIMI/rill EiLtEi\jin.LK/ VU., Palace Hotel. San Francisco. •
Office hours, 8 a.' m. to Bp. m. ; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., i
204% South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 25.3 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth i
btreet; Dallas, Tex., 255 Main street. '
NOTE— Make no mistake In th 9 number— 632 Market street. '
»■•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•+•»+•+•+•+•+
r-nj m i^M ri ■ I ft if
r A Rhode Island Clergyman, speaking very "earn estly~bf
his experience, declares : In all cases of indigestion, insomnia,
nervousness and allied ailments, I have found
Ripans Tabules
of inestimable value. I know of a score or more In this imme-
diate neighborhood who have been greatly benefited or per-
manently cured by use of them. I can say nothing too strong
in favor of the medicine. "i It will do mqtSfc than the tnakeri
claim for it."
man, E. Andrews, Louis Appoux, C. S.
Linnell, James McXealy, T. Hahne
man, F. J. Madden, Frank Wilson, John
Anderson, S. G. Lyness, J. McMullen,
D. S. Leggitt, A. W. Newton, W. J.
Hutchinson, Thomas Henderson, Henry
i Miller, William Van Houton, J. F. Lin
1 iger, William Merideth, Robert N. Hilleary. 13. A. Fnskit, J- W. Lawson, J.
C. Woods, :.I. J. Sullivan, James How
ard, K. K. Hover, William Williamson,
S. P. Harris, John Johnson, George
Baker.
The following have gone prospecting:
These to Maunook— Louis Wilson, J. W.
Lehlie, W. A. Coakley, R. Cochran, Al
ford Anderson. These to the Kuyokuk
—John P. Carroll, Ak-x Grant. H. Nob
lett, Dr. O. M. Dutton, J. Frost, H.
Unyden. A. B. Ronznne. Dr. T. T. Dou
dalL These to the Chandelar— Mike
Monroe, B. F. Harrison, J. E. Harrison,
Fritz Rock and Frank Smith.
Those to the Tanana— John Sechrest,
Charles Spiegel. To Mastadon —T.
Meredith. These to various other and
less known creeks— F. P. Matthieson, J.
E. Heller, Charles Barr, N. W. Went
worth, Andrew Paul. B. R. Jones, L.
Hunt, Thomas Shallow, J. Barnes
Charles N. Wright, William Moosa!
William H. Rinker, S. C. Eustis, Wil
liam Ziller, '. imothy Curry, M. M
Smith. R. H. Smith, Emil Staes alias
Dr. Verheast. C. E. Frampton, I. Ja
cobs, Charles White, J. Flyger A II
Brown, D. P. Gray, H. W. Sheridan G
Crocker, William Thornby, Charles An
derson, John Cowden, Emil Standow L
Hogue, M. Malloy, C.Malloy, J. Caruther'
I. Doyle, W. A. Hart, Joe Roberts •'
T. Craig, George Landerkin, Andrew-
Mori ison, Chauncey Grim, C. H. An
derson, E. Peacock, Wiliam Wilson,
William Lawson, James Clark, Joseph
Houle, F. Roberts, C. A. Linden, P. A
McConnville, W. A. McKenna, 11. Stu
art. N. Peterson, John Foran.D. Morey
son, R. Richardson. C. H. Baer, L.
Thornton, A. McLaughlin. P. Dunlap,
C. Curtis, James Todd, Charles Burr.
Stanley Holland, W. A. McKenna, J.
W. Law, W. E. Hart, J. Gleason. Fred
Curkill, J. W. Waldron, Charles Baer.
The following are engaged in cutting
wood for the company's boats at $5 per
cord: Robert Prior, John Gleason, J.
A. Linenberger, Jerry Fleming, I. Hill,
James IVad, W. F. O'Connor, Frank
Worthy, W. L. Thompson, H. W. Sher
idan with party of eight; C. B. Her
rell, with party of seven; Julius John
son, George Gray,. Matt Ryan. David
Cox. B. Hosier, Senator J. W. Range of
Snohomish, Wash.; his son, E. L.
Range; S. P. Knight, N. B. Duran, D.
Bonen, A. Regua, Eugene Doyle, A.
11. Carpenter. Charles Raver, W. I. Clif
ford, H. P. McFarland, John McCann.
Adolph Henshier, Charles Matson, John
Linden berger, Jerry Fleming, A. H.
Crampton, James Gaar, J. Eager, L.
Olderfield, C. Weinstener, L. Lear, A.
Osmanson, W. Wright, J. Long, A.
Marcoux, J. X. Di.ius, R. Cheviet, Ed
ward Webber, W. L. Pratt. A. Welser,
J. H. Woolford, E. G. Ford, E. C.
Haupt, Chris Hanson, J. W. Ring, J.
F. Tike, R. McGown. Lee Provost. John
Keevan, Richard Sherman, J. O'Keefe,
L. Scott, Qua Swanson, L. Hogc. T.
Shea, H. Requer, James Duncan, Matt
Ryan, George Gray.
In the hospital built by Dr. N. D.
Steele are the following: F. Jensen.
W. Tarwater, Thomas Duxb,ury, O. T.
Thomas, Bart Donovan, W. C. Curtis.
Prendegrast. Charlee Cook, J. V.'.
Digus, J. H. Wolfork. J. MoLauehlin,
A. J. Baker, William de Young, Charles
I.' ham. J. B. Allen. J. A. Covington, G.
W. Fash, J. A. Kelson, A. Spencer. J.
H. Wolfork (colored) and Lehman are
ing with frozen feet. Lehman's
were amputated to-day. His feet
frozen while in his cabin for lack
oper clothing. He crawled on his
bands and knees eight miles up the
trail to this place. The other inmates
so suffering from frost and with
There have been treated at
• >st over three-score of sufferers
sir.cc the ice jam.
The hardships suffered by these peo
ho came so far from their base
of operations to secure food are be
;.nything witnessed or understood
in the ordinary course of life. With
::!1 this great number, as well as most
these are stranded on the lower
this must be written down as a
ed winter. They struggled along
• and in pairs of parties pulling
sleds, heavy with a couple of
••^d pounds of beans and bacon
">ur, traveling five to ten miles
a day. They flounder on through the
drifts, sweating with the great exer
■r freezing in the single moment
of relaxation, often benumbed at the
time of making camp, so as to find it
almost impossible to strike a match or j
coax the frozen wood into a blaze.
Their five or seven months' outfit
weighs from 700 to 900 pounds, they
cannot haul it all at once and are com
pelled to take a portion forward a few
miles, leave it on the trail and return
to their camp, bringing up another load
the next day. In this way they ad
vance their entire outfit probably
twenty miles in a week. This experi
ence makes up the daily existence of
the prospector in this country. Indeed
"Aith the prospector the conditions are
mure severe, for he must leave the
beaten track and break for himself a
trail through the wilderness and over
•am passes.
I met men here who have chased the
golden fleece in every part of the world
and they declare that for hardship none
other is comparable with this camp on
the Yukon. At Fort Yukon there are
a number of persons who came up by
and who refused to return when
they found they could get no farther,
Js.'id are making the best of it. They
Mrs. Annie T. Moulton of Oak
land, CaL; Mrs. Allen of San Francisco;
Mrs. C. S. Bumpus, wife of Bishop
Bumpus, of Forty Mile; A. T. Hatch of
rnia, Dr. L. M. Gates, Mr. and
Mrs. Lichtenstadter of Australia, A. J.
Hopkins, O. Y. Thomas, George Har
rington and Thomas R. Edwards.
At the North American Trading and j
Transportation Company's store at the
Fort are Judge J. E. Booge of Sioux
City; W. I. Hutchinson, son of "Old
Hutch," of Chicago; c. St. L. Meln
t"?h. son of the .Lieutenant Governor
of the Northwest Territory, Regina,
X. W. T. ; .Murray S. Eads, Portland,
( >r., nephew of Captain James B. Eads
of the Mississippi jetties; S. B. Waite
of San Francisco; B. S. Patton of Kan
sas City; J. D. yon Schriltz of Cali
fornia.
Young Hutchinson came in on a boat I
"vvith three yoke of oxen and some
wagons with the purpose of opening: up j
a coal mine in Coal (.'reek, near Forty I
Mile, but was stranded with the
others. At the Alaska Commercial
< 'ompany's cache are Harry W. Davis.
in charge; W. A. Hudson, W. S. Fred
ericks, D. S. Johnson and Fred King.
The following Canadian officials, at
taches of the Commissioner's Office at
Dawson, were compelled to come here
Cor provisions: J. A. Cadenhead, R. W.
Cantley, G. K. Greer, C. Fortune, It.
Barrow, EL Pozza and J. A. Clark.
There are here as permanent resi
dents Mrs. Beaumont, wife of the tra
der who is now "gone out," and th
missionary, Rev. Mr. Hawksley, anc
his wife and children. The colony o
about 350 Indians was supplementec
on Christman day by a band of abou
100 that came over from the Porcupin
in a starving condition. Relief w;
sent to help them here. The Tanan
Indians are also reported to be star\
ing, and two expeditions have bee
sent to their relief from Circle City.
The explanation is that they ha\
no ammunition and cannot kill game
and that the run of the caribou and
tnooee is distant this year. In the
great hurly burly consequent upon the
gold stampede the necessities of the
Indian and the desirability of his trad
were overlooked by the big com
panics.
The following are registered at Ram
1 art city or Minook: C. H. Almond
Joe Anticich. E. R. Allison, J. Ft Aus
tin, W. G. Atwood, \V. H. Ambeam
.sky, R. Ask?nkap«r, Hans, Anderson
A. J. Beecher and wife, William Buck
Ingbaxa, Henry A. Bigelmv, C. V. Big
clow, A. C. Butcher, I. F. Burkman, C
V. liurkman, Arthur Baldwin, J. A
Haker, W. T. Bell, Bert E. Beach, A
J. Ballut, George D. M. Burnside
J. R. Barkley Jr., C. A. Bevens. E. B
Balls, C. H. Briggs, H. M. Beach. Joh
Bock. General E. M. Carr, R. Coope
c Collier, T. M. Crawford. George *
Coleman, Garnetele Coen, N. F. Couden,
I Edgar Compton, Daniel D. Cameron, E.
G. Coklewey, H. L. Copeland, John A.
Clenton, James Carr, F. M. Canton, H.
W. Cantwell, J. H. Clark, W. H. Camp
bell, D. L. Carolane, John Dye, James
Dunsmore. Ed Dohl, J. W. Dodson. D.
Thomas, Frank Daglesh, Fred C. Deet
ken, Mike Dwyer, TV. E. Dwyer, C. B.
Elliott, John E. R. Telmann, George R.
Emmett, Ed K. Earle, Professor E.
Earle, F. J. Franken, W. J- Foley,
Gub F. Folsom, W. M. Foulks,
H. C. Forbes, O. P. Goss. Frank
Gleason, Fred B. Gleason, Mrs. F.
Gleason, L. E. Goessfert, Philip Godley,
I A. Glass, C. H. Gale, B. S. Goodhue, F.
S. Grace, Herman Garsch, C. V. Gil
man, E. E. Girzikawsky, N. P. Hatch,
: J. C. Hatch, Jacob Hieb, Charles Her
; manson, W. M. H. Hubbard, Ira Hinck
i cry, A. Hughes, Philip Hancock, E. L.
• Holt, Mrs. G. Hopkins, Edward
I Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. How-
I ell, Mrs. Amy G. Howell, F. L.
I Hawley, George Howard, Oscar Jack
! son, Peter Jackson, Charles H. Jones,
Mrs. Ida O. Jones, Pete Johnson, Thom
as Jenkins, David Jones, George W.
Joseph, E. E. Keeley, Ed E. Keeley,
Frank G. Kress, Charles H. Knapp, B.
W. Kearney, John Kahl, J. J.
Kirkbridge, Daniel Kelly, Philip
I Kaffenbaugh, H. M. Landman,
I Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Lewellyn, H. H. Le
! clee, P. A. Lester, Al Lester, J. W.
I Lord, H. P. Lawrence, Thomas A. Mar
! shall, Charles Marshall, George P. Mc
j Graw, S. F. McMill, ex-Governor J. 11.
MoGraw, M. T. McGraw, C. J. Mc-
Gowen, R. A. Motschman. S. A. Mans
field, M. Marvet, Dave Montague, C.
V. Mayo, J. L. Muldowney, B. W.
Moore Jr.. W. B. Moore, TV. G. Moore,
Charles J. Mott, Gus A. Mower, John
' T. Morris, L. Musse, D. M. Mullan, J.
! Mohan, M. Mortimer, A. Muchanse, J.
! C. Murray, William Mcßride. William
IH. Moore. TV. X. Marshall, A. A.
Moule, I. S. McDermott, J. McLinon,
, Ed Mattison, George Morris, Dr. J. P.
) McLennan. C. J. McGowen, R. E. Nor
ton, J. H. Memeth, Norbett Numusscuy,
W. N. Ogden, A. P. Ozary, O. S. Os
born, W. W. Painter, N. G. Pontof
fer, John C. Powell, E. R. Patterson,
George H. Preston, C. J. L. Peterson,
j Henry Peterson, William F. Pink ham,
IC. O. Packhard, A. Powell. George
M. Hoed. James Roswell, R. S. Russell,
I George W. Ruc'.Dlph, E. V. Rideout, J.
! A. Ross, Harold Sturgess, William TV.
j Stenge, John S. Pierce, M. TV. St. Clair,
E. G. Saunder, B. T. Sherman, Frank
iC. Staley. Dr. D. Sidebotham. Nels
I Sorensen, Henry Sorensen, Ole Swan-
I son, Neil Sorensen, A. P. Spitzer, E. G.
] Smith, E. J. Slatter, Charles T. Sullen
j ger, Albert and John Seitzenger, Frank
A. Shidell. Robert Skinner, Herman
! Slettevold. J. W. Spencer, W. Z. Samp
; son. W. N. Stimzsmer, Henry Shere
maker, John C. Taylor, W. A. Twinkle.
i Henry T. Thurman. Gus Thisby, C. V.
: Teeters, Thomas Urquhart and wife, L.
! S. Urquhart, Mrs. Jennie Urquhart, A.
j Vermierier, Henry Verig, Hattie Wil
! son, J. Whipple, W. S. Walcott Jr., J.
Walter, William A. Welsh, TV. H.
I Walsh, D. TV. Williams, W. B. Will
i iams. H. C. Wallaek, L. J. Williams,
W. W. Wheatman, Joe Weir, James C.
; Wilson, Frank K. Werner, James Wer
| ncr, F. D. West, Dr. T. B. West, W. A.
; Wilson, Joe Durant. Frank Faguln, H.
! L. Recksrath, C. D. Johnson, M. F
i O'Conner, H. Simpson, TV. H. Adams
Mrs. C. H. Jones, M. P. Rothnleler, D
<r. W. Johnson. H. H. Fike. Thomas F
; Smart. Mr. and Mrs. Clifford.
These are at Woodworth, ninety-five
j miles further down: Captain Peter M.
i Anderson, TV. H. Armstrong Jr., J. H.
| Andreas, George A. Allen, Albert An
chors, C. M. Anderson, L. S. Anderson,
Captain G. W. Beers, L. E. Boukofski.
! Ben S. Brown, G. Q. Baxter, Mr. and
Mrs. P. A. E. Boetzker, Harry Boetz
ker, O. Berstock, David Ballantine
George A. Brown, Colin Beaton, J. TV.
Bodemann, George C. Boswell, John
. Bocks. C. N. Brown, L. J. Busch, D.
Breker, J. W. Blanks, D. D. Bogart, H.
L. Beach, J. B. Brown, B. Hedley,
I Thomas Kutcher, C. EL Briggs, A. S.
Holmes, Joe King, R. Crozier, S. R.
; Hudson, R. V. Kruse, S. Cahen, S. Hazer,
i J. L. Kline, Julius Copp, W. G. HilJi
p^s. B. A. Knott, F. W. Cooper, I. P.
i Heiskberger, F. S. Low, E. B. Clark F
E. Harts, J. C. Link, H. A. Currier, L.
C. Hill. Mr. and ?..rs. P. J. Lauritzen,
O. A. Classel, J. H. Laws, L. Lauritzen,
D. D. Camaron, R. S. Hooker, Mrs.
Alice Livingstone, Edward Coad, Wil
liam Huddleston, H. P. Loan, Mrs.
Mary Hummel, E. Larsen, W. B. Cot
ter, B. H. Hunt, A. Lund, J. L. Cook,
Frank Hang, E. Lund R. Catrill, C. A.
Hensen, Fred Lewis, J. H. Cooper, J.
Helsing, J. Litden, J. H. Clark. A. E.
Jones, J. D. McLennan, Fred Beetkin,
G. W. Joseph, Mr. and Mrs. A. Mc-
Donald, V. S. Dressen, H. L. Jennings,
W. E. Cartney. John Deering,
J. H. Jackson, A. McKenzie,
Ben Dill, Joseph Krieck, J. D. McDon
ald. 11. Dobbert. A. E. Kestere, Mr. and
Mrs. C. F. Morgan, John Dondell, Otto
F. Kroelil, John McCarty, M. Kahlin,
C. T. Dunbar, Mrs. Libbie King, J. TV.
Martin, TV. N. Marshal, L. Metzger, T.
A. Marshall, C. X. Marshal, L. R. Nor
ris, W. Mattheson, Thomas Murtogh,
Charles H. Mosley, J. B. Maling,
Charles Markham, Frank Malone, H.
Neidig, W. G. Norris, O. S. Osborn,
Hugh McNeil, A. Oben, Warren Place
and wife, J. F. Peterman. James Pow
ell, W. A. Paxton, C. H. Paxton. Rob
ert Purvis, W. S. Phillips. H. P. Peder
sen, TV. B. Peters, C. R. Peck, J. A.
Peters, H. Peterson, C. M. Robinson and
wife, A. E. Rogers, N. E. Runreey, M.
Rothweizer. Thomas Reea, Alfred Ross,
E. G. Smith. ('. TV. Sly, W. Samson, J.
C. Spicer, A. E. Seymour, J. E. Som
mers, TV. H. Snell, H. C. Zelye, Frank
Steers, Major B. Shawwood, Robert
Steedman, I. F. Smart, Charles Smith,
B. Stump, A. F. Trenshel, Warren
Treat, R. B. Taylor, George Tyson, M.
Tait. A. W. Whithank, Henry Veirig,
Ed Valentine, TV. A. Welch, TV. A. Wil
son, Dr. F. B. West, H. W. Wright,
Fred Walker, R. C. Washburn, S. L.
Wetherbee, W. D. Wood, Andrew
Young, William Zahn.
Ex-Mayor Wood of Seattle and Pur
ser <"arr of the Seattle No. 1 are on
the way up and will probably attempt
to reach Dawson. Captain Wood
brings a team of dogs belonging to
Captain Ray, and that officer will prob
ably go out with them, as he is de
sirous of reaching Washington as
speedily as possible, there to person
ally report to the President at length
upon the situation there.
Captain Ray is convinced that the
Government of the United States must
act promptly and with energy in two
directions if it would in the first place
meet and correct a decided tendency
toward anarchy on the Yukon, and in
the second place if she would preserve
for her citizens the supremacy in trade
that they now enjoy.
RAINFALL IN THE
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY.
STOCKTON, March 17.— Special tele
phone messages to the Mail from all over
San Joaquin County and from points In
Bfercod, Stanislaus and Sacramento coun
titp. indicate that the rain of last night
hf<s been pretty general throughout the
San Joaquin Valley. From nearly every
point the report comes that the rain has
been a great Wearing, but that showers
occasionally will be needed to insure first
class grain crops. The outlook on the
whole, however, is good and farmers are
jubilant over the prospects. It 1b con
ceded that the usual showers which come
in April ami the fore part of May will
keep the soil sufficiently irrigated to as
sure the largest grain crop for some years
in San Joaquin. Stanislaus and the north
ern part of Merced counties. The report
comes that on the west side of Modesto
there was an inch and a half of rain, with
,63 of an inch at Farmington, .61 at Mont
l>eli. r, with half an inch of snow and
nearly an inch of rain at Linden, and all
the way from a quarter to half an inch
at other grain raising points in this part
of the valley. In Stockton the rainfall for
this storm was .53.
Converted Into a War Vessel.
NEW YORK, March 17.— The May
flower was taken to the Brooklyn navy
yard to-night to be converted into a
war vessel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
BUYING REINDEER
FROM UNCLE SAM
Two Hundred of the Animals
Procured by the Government
in Lapland Disposed Of.
SEATTLE, March 17.— Two hundred of the herd of the reindeer pro
cured by the Government In Lapland have been sold to private par
ties. The deal has just been consummated here and it is understood
that the consideration is approximately $100 per animal. The purchas
ers are P. C. Richardson, the well-known Alaska mail carrier, and W.
A. Broomann. Both are in Washington, D. C, where they applied to the
Secretary of War for permission to make the purchase. The matter
was referred to the Rev. Sheldon Jackson, who is United States Gen
eral Agent of Education in Alaska. He was in Seattle, and negotia
tions were completed yesterday afternoon by wire. Rev. Mr. Jack
son states that it is his opinion that Mr. Richardson will use his 100 rein
deer in carrying the mails along the Yukon Valley.
Mr. Broomann is interested in one of the large transportation syndi
cates that has been organized in the East to operate in Alaska. In con
versation with The Call correspondent to-night Rev. Mr. Jackson said:
"The Government will have to replace the 500 or 600 reindeer taken
from private individuals for the Bear relief expedition now going to the
rescue of the imprisoned whalers. These were largely does and bulls
and were taken from various herds in the north. The deer on the Sem
inole are geldings or steers and are of no use for breeding purposes. It
will be my aim to turn as many of the recently purchased deer as are
not required by Captain Abercrombie's exploration expedition into
Alaska into money and with the proceeds buy animals for breeding
purposes in Alaska."
MINING MEN
ARE SWINDLED
Bold Operations of a Pair
of Clever Schemers
at Riverside.
Pretended to Represent a Rich
Syndicate in Quest of
Mining Property.
Jo Considerable Money Was Ob
tained to Pay an Expert to Examine
Claims Offered for Sale.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RIVERSIDE, March 17.— A neat
swindle or confidence game has been
worked in this city on Ike Witherspoon,
E. H. Gruwell and other prominent cit
izens who own several mines in the
Tanquitz mining district. A couple
of months ago two men, H. W. Clay
and D. T. Jackson, came here and
stated that they represented a rich
syndicate of Kansas City which wanted
to buy mines. They at once gave the
mine owners to understand that there
was a good opportunity to sell at a
good figure if the mines would prove
what was claimed for them, and to
bring the matter to a head it was pro
posed by the schemers if the owners of
the mines would furnish the necessary
funds to have a test of the nMnes made
by a competent man they would un
dertake to make the sale.
The men were of good address and
told a very plausible story and were
not suspected, and so were given some
thing like |1000 to be used as stated.
Time wore on, and as Clay and Jack
son did not report, Witherspoon and
Gruwell became suspicious. The lat
ter demanded an explanation last
Monday of Clay and soon after he and
Jackson left, since which time they
cannot be found. Clay claimed to be
president of a railroad in Kansas, and
Jackson the president of a bank in the
same State.
Other parties whom they tried to
swindle learned that their representa
tions were false. The precaution prob
ably saved them a large sum of money.
Since the operations of the pair have
come to light it has been learned that
Clay and Jackson have swindled more
than Riversiders, for it is stated that
Mr. Judson, a well-known Colton min
er, fell a victim to their schemes, and
also that Joe Brown is a victim to the
extent of several hundred dollars. Dur
ing one of the trips of the precious
pair to this city they were accom
panied by three other men named Dr.
Davis of St. Louis, and Fred and
Charles Fuller of Kansas City. These
latter were said by Clay and Jackson
to be the capitalists who were seek
ing investment in the mines. The
Sheriff received word this evening that
Jackson had started East on the Cen
tral Pacific, and it is expected he will
be arrested at Ogden. Clay is thought
to be in hiding in this vicinity.
SAUSALITO ROCK THROWER.
SAL T SALITO, March 17.— Hugh Wil
liams, a Portuguese, so far forgot himself
this afternoon that he hurled a huge rock
at Town Marshal John E. Creed, and the
latter promptly placed him under arrest.
Creed had told the man to go home, and
an argument resulted, during which the
rocks commenced to fly.
Diphtheria at Stockton.
STOCKTON, March 17.— There are two
cases of diphtheria In the family of Man
uel Enos, South Monroe street. The
cases were reported to Health Officer
Ruggles last Friday, and since then the
house has been under strict quarantine
and no one except the attending physi
cian is allowed to pass in or out of the
house. Two children are down with the
disease and a sign in front of the house
reads: "Diphtheria is here. Keep out."
The children had been attending the
Jackson School, corner of San Joaquin
and Jackson streets. Pupils who had
been sitting in adjoining seats were sent
home and nave not been allowed to at
tend school since then, as it is feared that
some of them may have caught the dis
ease.
Racing at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, March 17.— Weather
fine;* track fast. Results:
One mile, selling— Percy W won, Dud
ley second, Mr. Easton third. Time,
1:41%.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Gold
Corn won. Meddler second, Davis third.
Time, 1:20%.
Six furlongs, selling— First Ward won.
Ferryman II second. Jolly Son third.
Time. 1:14%.
St. Patrick Handicap, $1000, one mile
and a sixteenth — Fervor won, Brighton
second, Paul Kauvar third. Time, 1:47*4.
One mile, selling — Bob Campltt won,
Bagpipe second, Little Bramble third,
Time, 1:46%.
Seven furlongs— John Baker won, Lilliaji
E second, Hums third. Time, 1:28.
Battle for the Kasson Estate.
STOCKTON, March 17.— After having
W. A. Cowdery on the stand for nearly
all day in the legal battle over the Kas
son thousands court adjourned until
Tuesday on account of the illness of
Mary Mann, an Important witness. It
developed that Cowdery had knowledge
that Kasson had a son in the person of
Georgo Kasson, and that he (Cowdery)
had omitted to mention that son's name
when he filed a petition for the distribu
tion of the estate.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnin- Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money If It feils to cure
Jsc. The genuine bftfl L. B. Q. on each tablet
MONEY BURNED
B Y A MADMAN
Tom Perry Destroys the
Ten Years' Savings of
a Friend.
At Least Five Thousand Dollars
Fed '.o the Flames in a
Miner's Cabin.
When John McMillan Returned After
an Absence He Found a Lunatic
tit Work.
Special D^patch to The Call.
NEW WHAK'OM, Wash., March 17.
Tom Perry, a mtner of Ruby Creek,
this county, has gone insane. He has
acted queerly at times and neighbors
thought him ercentric. A few days
ago he became worse and in a destruc
tive fit burned up the savings of his
best friend for ton years, amounting to
thousands of dollars. The money be
longed to John McMillan, who has suc
cessfully carri-'l on placer mining ope
rations on Ruby Creek. McMillan has
been afraid of banks, particularly
since every bank in Whatcom was
closed for a time during the panic of
four years ago.
Before the banks closed McMillan saw
clouds in the financial sky, and with
drew his money. He has since kept it
in a secret hiding place in his cabin.
A few friends knew he had it, but they
were to be trusted and as his placers
are entirely off any route of travel he
has felt absolutely secure. Year by
year he has 'increased his savings, in
tending eventually to quit mining and
lead an easier life. Last week Mc-
Millan had to leave camp and go to
Mt. Vernon on a semi-annual trip for
supplies. It has been his custom
when going away to leave some one in
charge of his mountain home, and Tom
Perry, who has been visiting him. was
asked to remain. Perry consented and
McMillan rode away, feeling perfectly
secure.
During his absence Perry became im
bued with an insane desire to destroy
everything in sight. He split olmirs
into kindling wood, broke dishes and
turned the interior of the cabin top«y
turvey. The dogs were left unfed and
the cow turned loose to pirk her living
among the snow covered hit's.
Perry knew that McMillan kept his
savings there and apparently hunted
for them. At any rate he found the
cash, consisting chiefly of treasury
notes and silver certicaten, put to
gether in packages of $100 each Thes<*
and a small sack of gold twenties were
put into the fire. Perry probably
chuckled as he saw the flames devour
ten years' savings of his friend. He
was still grinning when McMillan re
turned, thunderstruck at the destruc
tion that had been wrought. He looked
in vain for his money. Demanding to
know where it was, Perry pointed to
the stove. Inside were found the black
ened double eagles and a small ash
heap which he recognized as the re
mains of his paper money. Perry's
leer and incoherent t-ilk denoted his
condition so completely that McMillan
refrained from upbraiding him. He
does not state his exact loss, but
friends place it at over $nOOO. Perry has
been taken to Everett for treatment or
commitment to an asylum.
PYTHIAN ROSE CARNIVAL
TO BE HELD AT SANTA ROSA.
Elaborate Preparations for a Daz-
zling Display and a Long,
Gorgeous Pageant.
SANTA ROSA, March 17.— Preparations
are developing rapidly for the Pythian
Rose Carnival to be hold here May 16 to
20 inclusive. During the first three of
those days there will be business sessions
of the Grand Lodge of the Knights of
Pythias, the Grand Temple, the Rath
bone Sisters and the encampment of the
Uniformed Rank of the Knights of Pyth
ias. May 20 will be rose carnival day,
when the citizens will give a rose carnival
pageant, ball and banquet. The enter
tainment will surpass anything hereto
fore given in Santa Rosa. Entries for the
parade have already been received, and a
procession two miles long is assured. To
day Grand Marshal Robert Ross an
nounced the following appointments: Mil
itary division, Major \\ . L. Julliard, com
mander; Pythian division, Colonel W. D.
Kidd. commanding: Juvenile Carnival di
vision. Captain Hood Burnett, command
ing; Santa Rosa Rose Carnival Associa
tion division. Major Charles O. Dunbar,
commander; chief of staff, A. L. Fisher;
staff officers— M. F. Davis, G. W. Lewis,
Con Shea, Dan Elliot, L. L. Vi», Charles
Lee, J. McLaughlin, Marion* Cooper,
Henry Baker, J. A. _W. Keegan. J. F.
Kinslow and Frank T. Grace. Governor
Budd and staff, Governor Richards of
Wyoming and Mayor Phelan of San
Francisco will be present.
Postoffice Appropriation Bill.
WASHINGTON, March 17.— N0 political
questions were discussed in the House to
day. The whole session was devoted
strictly to the postofflce appropriation
bill, which wa-s taken up for amendment
under the live-minute rule. The ques
tions which consumed the major portion
of the time related to the allowance for
clerk hire at postoffices and rural free
delivery.
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache. All Druggists.*
JACK STANDS
OFF THE KID
Daly and Lavigne Fight
Twenty Rounds to
a Draw.
Fast and Furious Battle for the
Lightweight Championship
of the World.
Vicious Bouts, in Which the Pugilists
Each Showed Themselves to
Be Exceedingly Clever.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLEVELAND, March 17. — The
twenty-round go between Kid Lavigne
and Jack Daly for the lightweight
championship of the world at the Cen
tral Armory to-night resulted in a
draw. The fighting was fast and fu
rious from the start, but the contest
ants were so evenly matched that
neither could gain an advantage over
the other sufficient to get a decision in
his favor.
The story of the fight by rounds:
Round I— Lavigne landed left on neck.
Lavigne and Daly landed right and left.
Good scientific work; both Jabbed fre
quently. Lavigne reached home three or
four times more than Daly.
Round 2— After Lavigne had landed
heavily on the face several times, Daly
caught him unawares and sent in a
straight left drive, bringing blood and
bruising Lavigne's eye. The round was
decidedly warm. . 1A
Round 3— The men never rested and it
was a pretty round. Just before the gong
sounded Lavigno landed straight left on
the stomach. It was a bad one.
Round 4— Lavigno landed with the left
in the face. Lavigne rushed Daly. Daly
sent in right swing. Daly landed left full
on the jaw and sent Lavigne down. La
vigne came up quickly. The finish was
lively. Lavigne went down again.
Round s— Opened with lively sparring.
Daly got a left on the jaw and a rally
followed. In-fighting followed. Daly land
ed heavily with left on Lavigne's jaw.
Round 6— They were up against the
ropes and Lavigne was cuffed hard. La
vigne landed a hot one on the eye. Daly
countered on the jaw. Quick work fol
lowed. Daly landed on the cheek. Round
closed with both men in good shape.
Round 7— Opened with right and left
counters. Daly landed heavily on stom
ach and received a hard one on Jaw.
Round B— Daly landed with right on the
jaw, but Lavigne countered hard. The
Kid landed viciously with the left on
face, the hardest blow yet. Daly again
landed with the left on jaw, and in re
turn received a tap on the stomach.
Round &— Lavigne Jabbed hard with left,
but Daly stopped him nicely. They went
at it hard. Lavigne landed on the cheek.
Lavigne landed hard on suoulder. Signs
of weariness shown.
Round 10— Harmless tapping. Lavigne
slipped, going down on all fours. La
vigne made false move, received a a blow
in the face and put his head through the
ropes. Round ended with easy infighting.
Round 11— Lavigne sent in an effective
drive on Daly's chest. Daly countered on
cheek. Both ducked and Lavigne landed
heavily on chest. Daly displayed good
generalship.
Round 12— Bad mix-up. Vicious spar
ring at close quarters. Lavigne guarded
well and finally landed on chest with
Round 13— The Kid landed heavily on
ribs. Daly ducked; Lavigne landed heav-
ily on chest. . , __ A
Round 14— Daly was dodging, but re
ceived a right swing on the face. He re
sponded in the same fashion and after
ward landed with the left on the jaw
Round 15— Daly landed on the Jaw with
a right swing- Cautious sparring at
close quarters closed the round.
Round 16— After light tapping Lavigne
landed on the stomach and Daly coun
tered on the jaw. Aggressive work fol
lowed. Lavigne pushing Daly hard.
Round 17— Heavy infighting. Lavigne s
left eye opened again. Daly's round all
the way through.
Round 18— Lavigr.e took a hard blow on
! the nose and fierce jabs were exchanged.
i Lavigne received two vicious right-hand
blows on the stomach. Lavigne landed
hard on the face twice.
Round 1!)— Lavigne landed the left on
< the body. Infighting in the center. La
vigne landed fiercely on the ribs twice.
Warm lighting.
Round 20— \ iclnus blows in the center
of the ring. Daly landed left on the face.
Another even exchange of blows. La
; vicne landed the left on Daly's face.
i Daly countered. Fierce slapping and
jabbing. Lavigne landed with the left
and twice with the right on the body.
Referee called it a draw.
Appended is the record, of Jack Daly:
Jack Daly, the lightweight champion
, of Delaware, was born at Wilmington,
■ Del August 31, 1873. He stands 5 feet
;7% inches in height, and weighs in
condition 133 pounds. He first started
- as an amateur, winning the champion
ship of America at 125 pounds on Feb
ruary 19 and 20, 1892, at Philadelphia.
Since then he has been fighting every
1 where and everybody. The following is
his record up to date: Met Jack Ever
; hart, Birmingham, Ala., bare
knuckles 1592, stopped, Daly having the
better of the go; beat Owen Harney
New Orleans, La.. 9 rounds, 1893; beat
Joe Flynn, Wilmington, Del., 3 rounds,
1 1593- beat Billy Young, Washington,
■ D C 5 rounds, 1893; beat Al O'Brien,
i Washington, D. C\. 6 rounds, 1894; beat
1 Jack Brown, Wilmington, Del., lround;
1894- beat Charley McKeever. Wil
mington, Del., 6 rounds, 1894; beat Billy
Healey, Washington, D. C, 3 rounds,
1894- beat Billy Duke, Baltimore, Md..
2 rounds, 1894; beat Chris Johnson at
Baltimore, Md., 5 rounds, 1895; beat
! Paul Johnson, Baltimore, 3 rounds,
1895- draw Abe Ulman, heavy-weight.
6^ rounds, 1895, at Baltimore; beat Joe
Burnett. Washington, D. C, 9 rounds,
1895- beat Billy Dooley, Washington,
DC 5 rounds, 1895; beat Billy Payne.
Washington, D. C, 10 rounds, 1895; beat
Mike Leonard, Baltimore. Md., Ker
nan's theater, August, 1895. 2 rounds;
beat Ned McConnell, Wilmington, Del.,
10 rounds, 1895; beat Mike Kearney, skin
arloves near Wilmington, Del., 10
| rounds, 1895; beat Jimmy Lynch, Alex
andria Va., 14 rounds. 1895; draw, Stan
ton Abbott, Washington, D. C, 37
' rounds 1895; beat Bull McCarthy, Phil-
I ndelphia. 6 rounds, 1896; beat Howard
Wilson, Washington, D. C, 14 rounds,
1896- beat Tom Moriarity, New York,
8 rounds, 1896; draw, Billy Vernon, Syr
acuse N. V., 20 rounds, 1896; draw,
Jimmy Franey, Wilmington, Del., 9
rounds, 1896; beat Frank Wongo, the
Indian, 10 rounds, Wilmington, Del.,
1897- beat Tom McCune, 6 rounds, Phil
adelphia, 1897; beat Martin Judge and
Jack Bennett at Philadelphia, 4 rounds
each in one night, 1897; beat Billy
Vernon, New York, 9 rounds, 1897; beat
Isadore Strauss, Philadelphia. 6 rounds,
1897- beat Jim McHale, Philadelphia, 5
rounds, 1597; draw, Eddie Connelly,
New York, 20 rounds, 1897; beat Mat
tie Mathews, Syracuse, N. V., 20 rounds,
1897; beat Billy Ernst, Brooklyn, N. V.,
19 rounds, 1897. In the following, no
decisions: Charley McKeever of Phila
delphia, 6 rounds, 1897; Everhart, bad
ly beaten; Jack Everhart, Philadelphia,
Perm., 6 rounds. 1897; Kid Mc-
Partland. Philadelphia, 6 rounds, 1897;
Young Griffo, Philadelphia, 6 rounds,
1897; Joe Gans, Philadelphia, 6 rounds,
1897; draw with Jack Everhart, New
Orleans, 10 rounds, 1897, Everhart badly
beaten; Jack O'Brien, Philadelphia, 6
rounds, 1898 J .__
It Is declared that in fifty years' time
there will not be a single tree in Amer
ica. Every year it takes 500,000 acres
of timber to supply sleepers for the
railways. -•— _
ESTABLISHING
CLARK'S GUILT
Chain of Evidence Being
Woven Around the
Fratricide.
Circumstances That Form
Links to Show the Evidence
Will Be Conclusive.
That tha Prisoner Murdered His
Brother Is Clearly Shown by the
Prosecuting Officers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA, March 17.— The prosecution is
putting in its evidence slowly, but is tight
ening the chain link by link about George
W. Clark, notwithstanding the aggressive
light his attorneys are making for him.
To-day Constable Spurr of St. Helena re
lated how he went to the murderer's cabin
and found him in bed; the finding of the
shoos in his room with fresh mud on them
and how in company with Marshal John
son he examined the shoe tracks leading
from the Clark house to the defendant's
cabin on the Osborne place; how he dis
covered the paper under some books
which was purported to be written by
Clark, deceased, and which Clark told
Sheriff McKenzie in the County Jail on
the 21st of January that he wrote himself.
P. Yorke, the man who saw Clark run
ning down Madrone avenue on the morn
ing of the homicide, told his story on the
witness stand in a straightforward man
ner, but he did not know whether it was
the defendant or not.
Dr. S. McCurdy gave testimony as to
what was the cause of death of William
Anderson Clark, and G. W. Schmidt iden
tified the deceased's handwriting.
The District Attorney offered this in
evidence, Attorney Hogan entering vigor
ous objections, which were overruled.
H. Schwarz gave strong evidence
against the prisoner. Identifying him as
the man who bought a pistol at his store
on January 5, 1898. but he could not say
that the pistol shown him was the one he
had sold defendant, but did identify the
box of cartridges the defendant bought on
that day.
Attorney Webber, Junior counsel for the
defendant, conducted the cross-examina
tion and made a point for the defense be
cause the witness could not say it was the
pistol he had sold the defendant. Sheriff
McKenzie testified in regard to the papers
which were supposed to be written on by
W. A. Clark, and produced them and they
were admitted in evidence. The defend
ant admitted to the Sheriff in the County
Jail in January that he wrote them .ilm
self, and not his brother. McKenzie also
related the story defendant told in the jail
about the pistol; that he had lied about
it and it was his.
L. M. Turner corroborated the testi
mony of Shwarz, and Professor Gunn
gave expert testimony on the handwriting
I on the papers in evidence. Attorney Ho-
I gan made strong objection to the same,
j but was overruled. The professor was not
shaken on cross-examination.
Court adjourned until Friday.
HOW MEN
FOUGHT THE
ICY DEATH
Continued from Eighth Pag-e.
he real returns from them are as yet
ndefinite and uncertain. This is their j
•eriod of demonstration. They are be- j
ng prospected, and their value will be !
letermined this winter.
The stampede Is still busy, and the
taking of known and unknown creeks
;oes on steadily as ever.
Suspicion of crookedness In the Gold
Commissioner's office has become so i
videspread that it is the common talk
iff the street, insomuch that Commls- ■
lioner Fawcett posted notices in sev
eral public places calling upon all who i
lad knowledge of any queer doings on
he part of his clerks to send their ad- ;
Iress, and their evidence would be J
aken. In the meantime he suspended
wo of his men, Robert Craig and Wil
iam Bolton. It was said that they ;
egularly sold information as -to va
cated claims and such things. No one :
;oming forward with t the evidence, they
vere reinstated.
The great number of men compelled
o go down the river has had a revivi
ying effect on the Birch Creek mines.
rhey are nearly all at work again. Be- i
sides, a great deal of prospecting Is
>eing done in the streams of the lower
•iver. I
A big stampede Is on from this place
o Mission Creek or American River, (
hat enters the Yukon near the Ameri
can side of the boundary line. Excel
ent prospects having been found there,
several parties have started for the
ranana," and others are going up the
vuyokuk and beyond. -
In a word the country Is being, pros
>ected as it has never been before, and
rreat discoveries may be reasonably
•xpected as the result. That gold lies
inder the ice and snow all over this
rozen land seems to have been dem
.nstrated. The keenest interest is felt
n the development of the Tanana, and
tB fastness will be invaded, and some
if its secrets discovered, no doubt, this
:oming summer. '
Both the big trading companies me
nd sending boats up there and estab
ishing posts, and Captain Geierer will
ake his boat from St. Michael as far
lp the stream as h can get before the
•iver again closes.
If the vague rumors that come to us
n here really betoken the coming, new
spring of such an army (the stampede
>f the world), as some people say they
10, the grim old Yukon that has frozen
md flooded and flooded and frozen all
iown through its hoary old life and
leard no sound save the croak of its
•avens and the drone of its siwashes
vill then hear and witness such things
isit never dreamed of In its long, long
sleeps. „_____■__——
FAST WORK ON THE
CLINTON PARK TRACK.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark.. March 17.— The
gates of Clinton Park racetrack of the
Arkansas Jockey Club were thrown open
to the public to-day and a great throng
went out to see the horses work. The
feature of the day was the splendid per
formance of McGuigan's 3-year-old, Ban
nockburn, who worked a mile in 1:43*4,
with 125 pounds up. The record was the
best practice work ever performed on the
track. The spring meeting opens on
March 30 and many of the most famous
horses have already arrived.
NO SPRING MEETING.
LEXINGTON. K>\. March 17.— For the
first time in its history the famous Ken
tucky Association will have no spring
meeting. Manager J. Hull Davidson ar
rived here from New York a week ago.
Intending to get up a meeting, but after
consultation with turfmen to-night an
nounced that the project will be aban
doned. It was attempted to get legisla
tion confining each track to thirty days
each year, but without success, and since
Newport has taken dates claimed by the
Kentucky association it was decided to
declare the meeting off here. The course
is now owned by Charles Green and a
party of gentlemen of St. Luuia.
Death in Dust.
Every time you feel the wind blow you
are certain to draw many millions of
disease germs into your body. They are
of all kinds and are all poisonous.
"But," you say, "I cannot help this ;
they are bound to come." Very true,
but you can drive them out.
"How? By using a good, powerful
stimulant, which will kill them before they
have a chance to get their hold on you.
Such a stimulant is not easy to find but
it is found completely in
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
which is so highly recommended and is
so popular. It is the essence of purity,
and if you begin to use it at once you
will be surprised to find how much
better you feel and how your health
improves.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
I STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MSSIT '
cT &
» W; (hi nc 2
° IS** l )\\ /h g
a | Vij (pi.Liu §
5 WHY WE ARE BUSY, g
OECAUSE "WE SELL • STYLISH,
Q 13 well-made Shoes cheaper than our W
A competitors. There is no sentiment in w
W business— talk— and we are doing ~
« the business because we give the best ££
values and have the largest assort- _.
8 ment. This week a special leader: «
w Children's and Misses' Extra Vicl Kid «
** Lace Shoes, with silk brocaded vesting **-
££ tops, new coin toes and tips, spring ££
& , heel Child's sizes. Bto 10% $1 25. 8
y^ Misses' sizes. 11 to 2 150. «
« Child's Dongola Kid Button Shoes, **
« patent leather tips, spring heels, sizes ££
** 6 to 9; reduced to 60c. ye
& Call and get estimates on Klondike W
v* footwear before purchasing elsewhere, vv
« we have the largest and best-selected ~
« stock in this city. 8
** Country orders solicited, fend for New
8 Illustrated Catalogue. Address W
» B. KATCHINSKI, »
6 PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., Q
rt 10 Third St., San Francisco. &
j „,.-.-,„, „ . ip'i«w~"Z|
All Makes RENTED And Sold
ON INSTALLMENTS.
Send Sop Sample of Work and Prices.'
L. & M. ALEXANDER
110 MONTGOMERY ST.,
Agents Smith Premier Typewriter.
000000000000000000
% TH ? PALACE "■»;
% GRAND morytM9
" SAN FRANCISCO. v i?
Connected by a covered passageway. ■ "
© 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. ©
O All Uxdeh Oxe Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICES: . Q
O European Plan. 91.00 per day and upward n
v American Plan. B3. OO per day and upward V
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOHN C. KIRKFATRICK, Manager. q
0000 OO OOP OOP
OTSTTOIXJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
i ririllLirlCiLJ era, bootblacks, bath-
* XJ »***■** **f houses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders,' candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, .tailors, etc
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manu?acturers,6o9 Sacramento St
DR.MCNULTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OM»
-L Special Ist cures Prlvate.Nervous, Blood and
Diseases of Me only. Manly Power restored. Over
'20years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
dally ; 6:3o to S.aOev'cs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
tion free and sacredly confidential. : Call or address
P. ROSCOE JIoXUITT. N. IV.
g6& Kearny Street. Him. FrancUco. <NO.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
is a powerful .-.phroo.siac and speciac toalo
for the sexual and urinary organs of botb
■exes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Bells on Its owa
' Merita: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
! NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent., .
■ m Market Street. S. (Send for Circular.)
q visit DR. JORDAN'S <*«"*
JfL Museum of Anatomy
fH|js\ ICEI L'ABSET ST. tot. 6ft 4 7ft, 8. 7. CtL,
fl^l'B The Largest of in kind in tin Worli.
l'-ln^l DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IlfWf jL CoD.alta'.lon free. TTrita for E»l
W ->| (^Philosophy of Marriage.
h: IS - ■ ■■- maiucd meg.
> ^^H^«i..jß Pie *J is a non-poisonona
tfJ^Bß^^^i^m remedy for Uonorrhcea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
g&¥ln i to s dtji.^l Whites, unnatural dia-
■V Gnirsnteol ■ charges, or any infiamma-
|fl>| not to •trletsr*. tion, irritation or ulcera-
§"■ Prevent* contagion. tion of mucous mem-
jgSITHEEVAHSCHEHieuCo. cranes. Non-astringent.
Uo4ciNCINNATI.O.Rn Sold hj «*"»«*-«*
"mBBk r a 1 jtßr or sect in plain wrapper,
7 ' B# \^ta by express, prepaid, for
"I^^^^^B^^M 91-00, or 3 bottles, $2.73.
y»*^^BBß^ir «■ Ojjcuiar tent on request.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
000 MARKET ST.. OPP. - PALACB
000 Hotel. Telephone 670. ResldCDO* 881
Valencia street. - Telephone. "Ca»urcb" 14.
! Wilt's Indian Veptaile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, V Torpid Liver. - Weak Stomach, Pimples
and . purify the blood. ' • . - ■ ' .
Crossmaii's SDecific Mixture
"With '■■ this remedy » persons ;: can •; cure 5 them- 1
selves | without - the least exposure, change •of ■,
diet or change in application to business. v- Th« 4
medicine ; contains ; nothing •of ■ the least ■, injury >
to the constitution. - Ask : your druggist for U. -
I Price. Ji » bottle
910
WHO FEARS TO SPEAK OF `98
IN the lanpmag-e of Mrs. Murphy, the
disreputable but interesting heroine
of "Chimmie Fadden" fame, it was
"a great day, a great day for us all."
The spirit of St. Patrick, the patron
saint of the Emerald Isle, must be well |
satisfied to-day with the patriotic demon- j
stratlon in his reverence which took
place yesterday in the city by the Golden
Gate. And "Wolfe Tone— how his heart
would have Bwelled with pride and en
thusiasm coaild he have awakened from |
a Rip Van Winkle sleep and seen how
fresh In the minds of his countrymen i 9
the love of liberty, the love that led to
the spirited rebellion of United Ireland In
1798 and the Young Ireland movement in
1848!
"Who fears to speak of *93?"
Those were the words painted in crim
son letters on a banner of green which
hung from tho beams backs of the speak
er's stand at Woodward's Pavilion yes
terday, the spot where was gathered, both
In the afternoon and evening, thousands
who had assembled to do honor to the
day so dear to the true Irish heart. The
Interior of this vast amphitheater was
decorated more brilliantly, perhaps, than
it has been for many a day. From the
central chandelier hung pendants of
•white, their support serving as the radius
from which long, graceful streamers of
white, j-ellow and green stretched out
toward the wooden columns. The lower
edge of the gallery was festooned with j
green and yellow bunting, at regular in- I
tervals American shields alternating with
green shields, on which were emblazoned j
golden harps, surrounded by shamrocks.
The effect was heightened by having in
candescent lights fastened behind the
Bhields of green. Red, white and blue
bunting hung in tasteful arrangement at
each of the corners of the pavilion, the
supporting columns were draped with
American flags and a thirty-foot speci- ;
men of "Old Glory" hung across the in
terior of the main entrance. On the plat
forms were placed eeveral varieties of I
palms.
Shortly after 2 p. m. Frank Conklin.
president of the day, was greeted with a
round of applause as he stepped to tn©
front of the stage and said:
"This day has a two-fold significance
to all of Ireland's sons and daughters.
We are here to do reverence to our pat
ron saint and honor to the memory of the ,
patriots of '98. Let us hope that those ;
in the little green isle across the sea? can
find as great occasion for rejoicing to
day as we, and God grant the speedy
arrival of the day when the sun will
rise on a free Ireland."
The programme rendered was printed in
yesterday S Call. The audience was de
lighted with the entertainment furnished,
and all tho performers were encored.
Timothy McCarthy, the veteran piper
and William McMahon, fiddler, furnished
the music for the reels and jigs. Master
Arnold Grazer brought the house down
with his dancing, and the efforts of Gren
nan's band were thoroughly appreciated.
The Irish step dancing of Miss Pearl
Hickman and Joseph KelTer was given at
a time when a stereopticon view of an i
Irish wedding was thrown on the can
vas back of the speakers platform. The
views were elucidated by Mrs. Hattie B.
Steele, who paid glowing tributes to the
memory of Wolf Tone, Emmet and
Parnell. "Killarney" was played by the
cornetist while views of the famous lakes
were depicted.
The afternoon's entertainment ended
with the grand chorus, "God Save Ire
land" and "America."
Rev. Father D. O. Crowley, of the
Youth's Directory, and his colleague.
Rev. Father James Melvln, sat among
the vice-presidents and others on the
stage and were interested auditors of the
entertainment.
The event of the evening s exercises
■was an oration by the Hon. M. M. Estee, j
who was presented with a package
containing the shamrocks and poem sent
to the Sisters of Charity at Benicia by
the Sisters in County Mayo, who in turn
sent it to Judge Tobin of the Hibernia
Bank for the presentation to the orator.
POWERLESS
TO STOP THE
OPIUM EVIL
Police Are Bound by a Recent
Decision by Judge
Wallace.
Those Who Wish to Suppress It Must Go
to the Supreme Court or Have the
State Law Amended.
° PROVISION OF THE MUNICIPAL ORDER. ■■§
_ j . — —^-^— — —^— — — kgk q
Section 61, General Order No. 1587— N0 person shall In the O
O City or County of San Francisco keep or maintain or become an ©
O inmate of or visit or shall in any way contribute to the support O
O of any place, house or room where opium is smoked or where ©
O persons assemble lor the purpose of smoking opium or inhaling ©
O the fumes ot opium. _
Any person violating the provisions of this section shall be
© deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof be i?
® punished by a fine not less than $250 or more than $1000 or by
® imprisonment not less than three months or more than six q
* months, or by both such fine and imprisonment. G
Amended by Order No. 2754, approved April 30, 1894-, to pro- q
j vide a penalty not exceeding $500 or by imprisonment in the q
' County Jail not exceeding six months, or by both such fine and Q
[~ imprisonment, to conform to the State law. o
In an oral opinion delivered last No
vember, Superior Judge Wallace ef
fectually checked all efforts on the part
of the police to put a stop to the opium
smoking evil in this city. That the
opinion would be reversed by the Su
preme Court were that body called on
to pass judgment upo-n it is the pre
vailing belief, but so far no steps have
been taken looking to that end. In
consequence opium dens flourish in
many sections of the city, as shown in
yesterday's Call, while, as Sergeant
Martin stated in an interview, the po
lice are powerless to suppress them.
Frank G. Drury, assistant prosecut
ing attorney of Police Court No. 3, yes
terday explained the situation to a Call
reporter in detail. Mr. Drury has pros
ecuted many opium cases, and Is thor
oughly conversant with the law on the
subject, both State and municipal.
"Up to last November," said Mr.
Drury, "arrests for opium smoking
were made under general order No. 1587,
passed by the Board of Supervisors in
1&90 which reads as fallows: ,
The programme rendered was the same
as has been already published. A feature
deserving of especial mention was Pro
fessor McKenzie's chorus of 300
voices, which assisted Miss Powell in
rendering the "Star Spangled Banner"
and sang the chorus of "God Save Ire
land" at the close. Miss Lillian B. Con
nell, deemed one of the best of amateur
contralto singers, was unable to be pres
ent.
Mr. Estee opened his eloquent address
by praising the spirit of patriotism so
characteristic of the Irish people. He
touched on the various phases of the na
Section Gl. No person shall, in the City
and County of San Francisco, keep or
maintain, or become an inmate or, or
visit, or shall in any way contribute to
the support of any place, house or room
where opium is smoked, or where per
sons assemble for the purpose of smok
ing opium, or inhaling the fumes of
opium.
Any person violating the provisions of
this section shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction thereof,
be punished by a fine not less than $250,
or more than $1000, or by imprisonment
not less than three months, or more than
six months, or by both fine and imprison
ment.
"This was amended by general order
No. 2754, approved April 30, 1894, which
changes the penalty 'not exceeding $500,
or by imprisonment in the County Jail
not exceeding six months, or by both
such fine and imprisonment.'
"This amendment was passed to con
form to the penalty provided in the
State law, and thus prevent just such
a ruling as Judge Wallace made. We
found that ordinance satisfactory in
every way and numerous convictions
were secured under it. Last Novem
ber a Chinaman was convicted in this
court of visiting an opium den, and
appealed to the Superior Court. Judge
Troutt refused to pass upon the case
and it was transferred to Judge Wal
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
(\ RIDICULOUS STATE LAW.
Section 307, Penal Code— Every person who opens or main
tains, to bi resorted to by other persons, any place where
opium or any of its preparations is sold or given away to be
smoked at such place, and any person who at such place sells or
«ives away any opium or its said preparations to be there
smoked or* otherwise used, and every person who visits or re
sorts to any such place for the purpose of smokiug opium or its
said preparations is guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon convic
tion thereof shall b~ punished by a fine not exceeding $500 or
by imprisonment in the County Jail not exceeding six months,
or hv both such fine and imprisonment.
lace's court. The latter, in an oral
opinion, declared the ordinance invalid \
on the ground that there was a State
law in regard to opium smoking, and
that a municipality could not legislate
upon matters covered by statute. <
"This State law is the greatest ah
surdity ever placed upon a statute ,
book, and if Judge Wallace is correct :
in his opinion the first thing the Legis- |
lature should do when it meets is to j
repeal it. It reads as follows:
Section 307, Penal Code-Every person
who opens or maintains tube resorted toby
other persons, any place where opium or
any of its preparations, is sold or given
aav to be smoked at such place; and any I
person who at such place sells or gives j
away any opium, or its said preparations,
to be there smoked or otherwise used;
and every person who visits or resorts
to any such pluce for the purpose of I
smoWng opium, or its said preparations, ,
fs guiHv of a misdemeanor, and upon
conviction thereof shall be punished by i
a fine "ot exceeding $500, or by imprison
ment in the County Jail not exceeding six
months, or by both such fine and Im
prisonment.
"Under that act a person to be proven
guilty must purchase or be given the
opium in the very place in which he
smokesit, and to prove that is almost
an impossibility. Why, two men might
go into an opium den and each pur
chase opium before the eyes of an offi
cer, and juggle it so that he could not
tell which lot each had bought. Then
they could smoke the stuff secure from
arrest. Or one could buy opium and go
to the house next door and smoke him
self insane without fear of punishment.
"Here, this will show you what we
have to prove under the State law,"
and Mr Drury produced a blank com
plaint, which read In part as follows:
"Then and there did willfully and un
lawfully become a visitor to and did
resort to a certain place and room there
situated, resorted to by other persons,
where opium and its preparations are
sold and given away, to be smoked in
such place and room, for the purpose of
smoking opium and its preparations
thereof." •
"The complaints we formerly used
merely alleged that: 'Where opium
was then and there smoked and where
persons had assembled for the pur
pose of smoking opium and inhaling the
fumes of opium.'
"But. in my judgment, the opinion
of Judge Wallace would not hold be
fore the Supreme Court, and the sim
plest course to pursue would be for
the police to make an arrest under the
municipal ordinance and test it before
that court. I base my opinion on a
decision of the Supreme Court on the
gambling ordinance, which makes it a
misdemeanor to keep, maintain or
visit any place where gambling is con
ducted. There is also a State law
on gambling, which provides that any
person is guilty of a misdemeanor who
shall visit a place where any game of
chance is dealt, played or carried on.
Here is an instance where the State
tional history In brief style and paid a
glowing tribute to tre spirit of true citi
zenship developed by the son of Erin in
the land of his adoption. The speaker
was frequently interrupted by the spon
taneous applause of his hearers.
A large number of representative citi
zens were present on the platform both
and city have legislated on the same
subject, yet convictions are secured un
der the local act right along and its
validity cannot be questioned. I re
gard them as parallel cases and I can
not see upon what ground Judge Wal
lace based his opinion.
"If the police want to put a stop to j
opium smoking let them make a test ;
case, and if the Supreme Court sustains \
the local order that is sufficient to
break up the dens. If it agrees with
Judge Wallace then nothing can be
done until the State law is amended or
repealed, for every ordinance on the j
subject passed by the Supervisors
would be invalid."
Chief of Police Lees had considerable
to say about the impossibility of se
curing convictions under the State law,
and materially strengthened Mr. Dru-
SOME OF THE FORMIDABLE VESSELS IN SPAIN'S NAVY
SOME FORMIDABLE VESSELS THAT ARE NOT IN SPAIN'S NAVY.
Some readers may have noticed in yesterday morning's Examiner a picture bearing the title, "Some of
the Formidable Ships in Spain's Navy." Possibly as they noticed they Juddered apprehensively. Let them
take comfort. Not one of the seven ships presented ever belonged to fcpain nor ever will. Two of them are
Norwegian, two are Brazil's and a third is building for that same country in France. Another is the prop
erty of Chile, or will be when completed. This leaves but one of the group to be accounted for, and this is
an impossible thing to do. except upon the hypothesis that when a yellow journalist becomes overwrought
he has visitations ofphantom shipsinstead of snakes. The name of the" seventh is given as "Tpiranga."
There is not in earth, nor presumably in heaven, nor in the waters under the earth, such a vessel as this.
It is neither afloat, a derelict nor in contemplation. No countr" owns it; no country ever heard of it. It
simply isn't. Just what may have been the object in springing so stupid a fake is not known, nor is of par
ticular importance.
in the afternoon and evening. In addition
to the lisa of those already published as
composing the executive committee hav
ing charge of the St. Patrick's day con
vention, the names of D. C. and T. P.
Kinch and Augustine Keller were added.
The entire proceeds will be devoted to the
'98 Centennial and Monument Association.
I ry's position that Judge Wallace was
I in error in holding that the Supervis
! ors could not pass an ordinance relat
! ing to a matter covered by statute. The
1 Chief cited a decision of the Supreme
| Court In the case of ex-parte Taylor (87
j Cal., page 91), and approved in the case
! of ex-parte Rinaldo (25 Pac. Rep. page
i 260). Both cases were for violation of
I the sidewalk ordinance, and were ap
j pealed from the lower court. The high
' er court held that the Supervisors had
1 the power to enact an ordinance al-
I ready covered by statute, provided such
| ordinance did not provide a greater
I penalty than the State law.
The Chief would not venture an
opinion on whether the same ruling
would apply to the opium ordinance,
but he emphatically declared that as
matters now stood it was impossible to
secure a conviction. He too dwelt upon
the absurdity of the State act, but
thought the best plan would be for the
Legislature to amend it.
Police Commissioners Alvord and
Tobin had read the article in yes4
terday's Call showing the rapid spread
of the vice in this city and the help
lessness of the police to check it, but
neither was aware that this was due
to a State law. Both gentlemen ex
pressed a determination to bring the
matter up at the next meeting of the
board and if possible take steps to
remedy the evil.
WILL RUN AT INGLESIDE.
Fast Dogs That Will Be Slipped on
Saturday and Sunday.
The following Is the result of the draw
From the San Francisco Examiner of March 17, 1898.
Nor did the exercises at Woodward's
Pavilion comprise the whole of the cele
bration by any means. In the afternoon
the County Leitrim Social Club and its
friends held an independent celebration
at the Chutes, consisting of literary ex
ercises and a balloon ascension. In the
evening the sky in that part of the city
was roseate with the display of fire
works.
Special services in commemoration or
the day were held in all the Catholic
churches throughout the city. An enter
tainment was also given in the evening
in the basement of St. Teresa's Church
on Tennessee street, between Butte and
Solano. in honor of St. Patrick. The pro
ceeds will go toward the improving of the
church property.
At Harbor View the Dan O'Connell So
cial Club raised the flag in honor of the
day at 9 a. m., and at 1:30 p. m. a dinner
was given. Michael Carr acted as orator
of the day. The flag was raised by
Michael McCarthy and Cornelius McAu
liffe, two of the oldest residents of Har
bor View.
In the evening the Knights of the Red
Branch gave a ball in Odd Fellows' Hall,
a brilliant affair, attended by many of
society's devotees. A similar affair was
given "in B'nai B'rith Hall by the Ancient
Order of Hibernians, Division No. 2.
The Evening Banquet.
The event of the evening was the
banquet given at Delmonico's restau
rant on O'Farrell street by the Knigrhts
of St. Patrick. The banquet took place
on the fifth floor and the apartments
were fitted up in magnificent style, the
finest of silken tapestry being draped
in profusion, gold and silver gauze be
ing suspended from the chandeliers,
the American shield and the banner
bearing the minstrel's harp abounding
everywhere, while the choicest of
floral emblems in various designs filled
the large hall with perfume. A most
elaborate menu had been spread and a
time was had generally that all the
Knights will point to with pride as the
criterion of their annual celebrations.
Frank T. Shea made the opening ad
dress, referring eloquently to both Irish
and American historical events. He
stated that the gathering was a fitting
testimonial to the fact that the organi
zation is as firm in spirit and. enthusi
asm to-day as it was when founded
twenty-three years ago.
Shea's remarks were followed uy the
reading of communications wishing the
organization well and expressing re
grets at their inability to attend the
festivities from Archbishop Riordan,
Senator George C. Perkins, Rev. P. C.
Yorke, Governor Budd and Senator
White. A cable message was also read
from John O'Leary, chairman of the '98
Centenary Association. Secretary T.
J. Stanton read the messages. All were
warmly cheered.
Hon. W. W. Foote responded to the
first toast of the evening, "The United
States of America." He was glad to
say that he was present and had to
send no regrets. Referring to the facts
of American history the speaker voiced
his belief that we are a united nation.
In the event of a war with Spain over
the Cuban question and the Maine in
cident Attorney Foote stated his con
viction that all true Irish-Americans
would be found in the vanguard,
fighting for the country of" their adop
tion.
In turn eloquent responses to toasts
were made as follows: "The Day We
Celebrate," Mayor Phelan; "Civil and
Religious Liberty," James R. Kelly;
"Our Kindred Societies," John Reid;
"Ninety-Eight," John R. Barrett.
Rev Edward Dempsey asked grace
at the beginning of the feast. Musical
features were presented by W. J.
ing which took place last evening for Sat
urday's and Sundays' meeetings at Ingle
side Park:
J. Edmonds' Forget vs. W. C. Glasson s
Sy'vanus; H. Devine's Forget Me Not vs.
J. Hanrahan's Mercury: W. Ryan's So
prano vs. Batt & Frank's Count Monte
Cristo; B. Dougherty's Tessie Fair vs. F.
Brown's Alma; W. Dalton's Lady Napo
leon vs. T. Bermingham's Red Light; R.
L. Lee's Coralie vs. T. J. Cronin's Johnny
R; Connell Bros.' Sir Walter vs. D. Leon
ard's Bendalong; D. Flynn's Tom Bell V 9.
J. Baddely's Lady Hopp; T. C. Mack's
Black Patti vs. \V. C Glasson's Mystery;
Dr. Van Hummell's Van Cloie vs. J.
Byrne's Nellie B; W. C. Glasson's Magic
vs. B. Brophy's Benicia Boy; J. Quane's
Princess Marie vs. M. Macklick's Fire
ball; D. Smart's Silkwood vs. W. Ryan's
Sweet Music; J. J. Edmonds' Galley
Queen vs. H. Spring's Dawn; P. Carney's
Nellie Daly vs. D. Heure's Blue Belle; P.
Reilly's Ranger vs. J. R. Dickson's Pre
mier; S. G. Portal's At Last vs. Dr. Van
HummeH"s Chit Chat; D. Cahar's Bell of
Moscow vs. S. E. Portal's Lightning; H.
Devine's Gilt Edge vs. Deckelman & Pa
nario's Glenroy; P. Gorman's Kingstone
vs. J. Byrne's Mohawk; E. J. Heeny's
Harkaway vs. E. Wilson's Grasshopper;
R. B. Kay's Carmody vs. H. Spring's Pat
Molloy; M. Sullivan's Sir John Arnott vs.
J. Dean's Brilliantine; G. Hooper's Koo
lawn vs. T. P. Courtney's Turk: Van
Hummeirs Van Tralle vs. J. J. Edmonds'
Vida Shaw; J. M. Stilwell's Little Dell
vs Van Hummell's Van Nida.
A purse of $500 will be divided into dif
ferent prizes, which will give several dogs
a chance to win some money. A prize of
$100 will also be given by the park for a
consolation stake.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinina Tablets. All
drug-gists refund the money If It falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
O'Brien and "W. w. Flnnle in vocai
solos at intervals in the literary pro
gramme.
Among those present were:
Frank T. Shea, Rev. Edward Dempsey, Hon.
James D. Phelan, Hon. W. W. Foote. Hon.
James R. Kelly, Hon. James V. Coffey, John
J. Barrett. Joseph I. Dimond, Hon. M. M.
Kstee. S. Braunhart, John Mulhern, Thomas J.
Stanton. Austin J. Jackson, Guy H. Borland.
T. W. Connollv, Peter Scully, Charles JlcCpl
lum. John A. Lennon, P. J. McCormick Ed
ward I. Coffey, Jeremiah V. Coffey, M. J.
Bohannon, John T. Redmond. Patrick MoGee,
John Grant. J. EnriKht, M. C. Bateman J. 13.
Carey. W. J. O'Brien. W. W. Flnnle, Georga
D. Graham. W. F. Humphrey, P. H. Whelan.
J. W. Sloan, Philip Casey of New "iork, J. c.
Nealon. James Dunne of New York, P. A.
McDonald, John Purcell, M. C. Hassett^ Dr.
Morrisey, J. J. Lennen, T. S. Dargie, R. H.
Nagle. Matt O'Donnell, A. M. McCabe of San
Jose. J. J. Gildea, J. K. Cosgrave. M. Joseph
Gildea, George W. Shorten. T. P. Riordan, W.
H. Byington. J. B. Keenan. Ed R. Rock. Hon.
William Brodfrick, P. McCormick, Hon. J. t.
Britt. Frank Dunn, Hon. William Cronan. E.
P. Barrett, P. J. Dunne, Hugh S. Hagan. T.
F. Bonnet. James H. Barry. William P. Law
tor, J. 3. Donnegan. James F. O'Brien. Thomas
W. Cronan. Daniel J. Lean. John E. Brod
erick. P. K. O'Keefe, John Phelan. Hon. Max
Popper H. B. McAvoy, Dr. G. J. Fitzgibbona,
P. J. Harney. Joseph O'Donnell. Dr. A. P.
O'Brien. J. C. Bateman, R. Rice. J. H. Powers,
J. R. Tobin, John E. Buckley. Carl Elsen
schimel, Joseph O'Connor, Richard Bunton.
James Shea, Matt Kelleher. Joseph McKenna,
Charles G. Stein. James J. O'Brien, W. A.
Wattson, P. Hollan. John Murphy, Thomas
Brennan. James Butler, Hon. C. A. Clinton,
Jeremiah Deasy, H. L. Welch. W. N. McCar
thy. T. R. Bannerman, Dr. E. E. Hill. Hon.
M. Cooney.
COMPETITION FOR
OCEAN GREYHOUNDS
A New Line About to Bo Put
in Operation by Jap
anese.
Will Touch at Prominent Foreign
Ports and Tend to Aid Out
side Trade.
M. Shiraishl, manager of the Toyo Xi-
Ben Kwai Sha, or in other words the
Oriental Steamship Company, is in this
city arranging for an agency to be placed
in some city on this coast. At the Pal
ace Hotel last evening he stated that
the company consisted of some of the
must prominent merchants in Japan, and
that it was the intention of the organiza
tion to run a line of steamers between
Hongkong, Shanghai, Nagasaki, Kobe,
Yokohama, Honolulu and San Francisco.
Three steamers, which will be of 6000 tons
displacement each and of a speed of 17i?
knots, are at the present time under
course of construction at Newcastle and
Sunderland, and it is supposed the Una
will be in running order by October next.
The steamers have already been named
the Nippon Mam, America Maru and
Hongkong Maru and it Is stated by
fhiraishi that when completed they will
c the best-equipped vessels afloat in the
transpacific trade. The line of steamers
will run in competition wiu the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, and the Japan
ese are of the opinion that the new lino
will tend to increase American trade.
Shiraishi will leave this evening for
New York city, and after a few days'
stay there will proceed to the principal
cities in Europe, where agencies will be
established. The principal stockholders
in the company are said to be S. Asano,
president, and A. Shibusawa and R. Hara,
who are directors in the company
The right hand, which is more sensitive
to the touch than the left, is less sensitive
than the latter to the effect of the heat
and cold.
THE CITY SAVINGS BANES.
Reports of Their Condition on th^
sth of March.
A short time ago the Bank Commission
ers made a call upon the local savings
banks for reports of their business for the
quarter ending on March 5. These reports
have been presented and show the follow
ing resources and liabilities:
Resources —
Bank premises $ 1,501,478 04
Real estate taken for debt 4, 103, 54 6 63
Miscellaneous bonds and stocks.... 82.541.550 93
Loans on real estate 72,680,151 34
Loans on stocks, bonds and war
rants 1.789,158 13
Loans on other securities (grain.
etc.) 8,000 00
Money on hand 1,829,707 OS
Due from banks and bankers 728,556 62
Other assets 653,791 92
Total resources $115,630 940 6T
Liabilities-
Capital paid in coin _..$ 4,260.000 00
Reserve fund 5,194,769 50
Due depositors 105,192.546 S2
Other liabilities 983,624 33
Total liabilities $115, 630, M0 67
Annexation Their Theme.
The Oliver "Wendell Holmes Debating
Society held its regular monthly meeting
in the parlors of the California Hotel
last evening. Annexation of Hawaii by
the United States was the subject under
discussion and the following speakers
presented their different views of the
question before E. J. Pinkson, Dr. H. E.
Adderson and P. J. Eiseman, who acted
as judges:
Affirmative— H. C. Morris and F. T.
Finch; negative— D. J. McCarthy and "W.
A. Day. Hawthorne Doxey acted aa
chairman.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Simply i
the purest and most
deliriously flavored
vanilla chocolate in
the world— GffißAß-
delli's Monarch
Chocolate, its
unique mellow flavor
recommends it as a
drink and as a de-
lightful addition to
pastry.COLNON TRIES
TO WRIGGLE
OUT OF A FIX
But the More He Tries
the Worse His
Predicament.
Boasts of a Mysterious
$53,000 Saved by the
Use of Colusa Stone.
Proof That No Such Sum Was
Saved, Unless to the
Contractor.
ANALYSIS OF THE BIDS.
SZ> Little Jobs About the New
Ferry Depot iti Which Colnon
Can Be Discerned.
- more has Harbor Commissioner
G rushed Into print. He seems
rried by the intimation that a Grand
may try to ascertain what he and
-sociates have been up to. He
s his old role of evasion, out the
a of his woe warps his judgment.
ill he succeeds in doing is to mis
spell the name of a San Francisco
and demonstrate that the presi
■r" the board, however well he may
with contracts, cannot juggle
with words. Figuratively speaking the
d mouth is open and the Colnon
: tis therein.
The Stockton gentleman claims that
-.arge of having misused the funds
C th 3 State in providing Colusa stone
and assertß that in reality the
-v eras a saving to the State of
.
Wmid it be impertinent to ask where
£53,000 went I .'
In a careless reading of the figures of
.irious bids t'olnon's views would
r to be correct. But this is no
r a careless reading. To place
.tter in terms so simple that all
may understand them the bids of Me
.; , who got the contract, and of
McKay, whom Colnon uses for the pur-
I .aking his point, are quoted in
m of proposal for all masonry work,
- to plans and specifications for
. , ot and ferry house, San Fraii
, < :ai.
\ i. I— Embodying all work and mate
ribed in plans and masonry
D the basis of the exte
.tiiu interior walls, where indicated,
I . with Roman buff brick and
l cotta trimmings, interior grand
being :'-• d up with wnite enam
brick to the spring line of arches,
tollew liut terra cotta floor arches
to be an per sample herewith
i la-beied and marked Bid No.
tne sura of— J. H. McKay
:. F. McCarthy $167,000; differ
■ flOl.ooo.
No. 2— Embodying all work and ma-
JLs described in plans and masonry
iiicatious on the basis of using the
: an buff brick and terra cotta trim
m for facing of exterior walls and
■ story of interior walls, where speci
and facing up entire interior of
i .1 nave with white enameled brick
F white enameled terra cotta trim
md hollow flat terra cotta floor
ies ibrick to be as per samples here
3Ubi •' :. labeled and marked Bid
No. 2> for the sum of— J. H. McKay
$274,000 C F. McCarthy $173,000; differ-
I .COO.
No. 3— Embodying all work and mate
rials described in plans and masonry
locations on the basis of using the
red sand clay, mud pressed brick, and
r^rra cotta trimmings for facing of
rior walls Bt story interior
walls, where and facing up
••ntire interior of grand .nave with
white enameled brick and white enam
. terra cotta trimmings, and hollow,
• terra cotta floor arches (brick to be
us per samples herewith submitted, la
ed and marked Bid No. 3) for the
of— J. H. McKay $273,030, C. F.
McCarthy 1168,000; .ii'Terenco $105,000.
: . No. 4— Embodying all work and mate
flesci ■ d In plana and masonry
tiona <>n the basis of using stone
of walls and tower,
• R iman buff brick, and fac
iterior of grand nave with Ro
man ■: and u-rra cotta trim
minps. and white enameled brick up to
spring of arches, and hollow flat terra
cotta fl.»or arches (brick and stone to
be aa per ?am;>!es herewith submitted,
label id and marked Bid No. 4) for the
Bum of— J ii McKay (Colusa stone)
00, C. I. McCarthy (Oregon gray)
$23G,0tK); difference $53,000.
It will be noticed in the first place
that McCarthys bids were so much
lower than those of McKay as to excite
a suspicion that some hint had been
given that the specifications would be
changed so as to enable him to carry
out a contract which it is clear, an
other contractor would have found
ruinous. But this is a minor point.
There will be time later to consider it
with more detail.
It must be remembered that the
-^ <;it-r>iHcations for interior work were
the same in every instance. It will be
observed that the differences were very
large, at first ranging from $101,000 to
$105,000 on the basis of brick finish,
while on the basis of stone finish there
was a difference of only $53,000. As the
interior of the building, regardless of
the character of the outer wall, was to
remain the same, it is clear that the
notable change hi figures was due to
this material alone, the relative cost of
the crude product of quarry or kiln.
These outer walls are necessarily, then/
■ considered as an independent
• sition, bearing no relation to the
( <ie.
McCarthy offered to do the work with
the brick exterior for $167,000, or with
' »regon stone exterior for $230,000, an
.nee of $63,000. Then McCarthy
evidently thought that the stone alone
yuld cost this amount more than the
brick alone would cost.
Mi Kay offered to build with a brick
lor for S2GS.OOO, or with Colusa
exteriors for $283,000, an advance
:.!>- $15,000. Then it is clear he
:ht that the stone alone would cost
>unt more than the brick would
The fact should not be lost si^ht
■ ■•" that Colnon (.oasts about having
i the State $!">3,000 on the exterior
I, when as a matter of record the
ractor was permitted to discard
>riaJ he had reckoned to be worth
") more than brick, substituting for
it a material which the other bidder
! had estimated to be worth $13,000
more than brick. Therefore it would
r that the contractor had done the
Dg on his own personal account. If
the Htate saved that money it would
ji pleased to see the color ct it.
olaon's unfairness appears in this:
quotes the McCarthy bid and the
tt Kay bid, which show in their totals
a difference of $53,000, and tries to make
the public think that Colusa stone is
worth tliis sum more than Oregon
stone. He ignores the fact that in both
bids are included much more than the
erection of the exterior walls. Em
ARCHITECT EDWARD R. SWAIN.
The Man Who Gives His Official Sanction to All Matters Pertaining to the
Construction of the Ferry Depot Building.
(From a Photograph by Taler. )
braced within them are the fat con
tracts such as the floor of the nave
which McCarthy could not have con
structed on the terms he proposed, and
for which he was kindly permitted to
substitute cheaper material and cheap
er methods.
Neither should the circumstance -be
overlooked that there were seven bid
ders besides McCarthy, that several of
them made bids on both Oregon and
Colusa stone in each instance the Ore
gon being figured as the more expen
sive. There were between McCarthy
and these other bidders as striking dif
ferences as between him and McKay,
with such relative changes as tend to
support the theory here advanced.
If it were possible for the architect
who planned the ferry depot building
to come to life and view the nearly
completed structure that now obstructs
the view at the foot of Market street
he would, no doubt, find it difficult to
recognize more than the bare outlines
of the noble edifice he believed was to
be a monument to his own talents, and
a credit to a great and wealthy State.
Were he to ask why this or that change
had been made, or why, in almost every
detail 'of the construction, cheap or
flimsy material had been substituted
for the enduring material originally
specified he would receive the reply
that it had been done "at the sugges
tion of Commissioner Colnon."
It was at Commissioner Colnon's sug
gestion that the change was made
from Oregon gray stone to Colusa
sandstone, the contractor being allowed
the full amount of his original bid in
spite of the fact that he would have to
transport the first-named material a
distance of more than a thousand miles
from the quarries in another State,
while the Colusa stone is practically
at the city's door. Commissioner Col
non is credited with the suggestion
that resulted in the substitution of pine
for oak In the interior finish of the
building, at an additional cost to the
State of about $3000. Commissioner
Colnon is entitled to whatever credit
should be given for the suggestion that
resulted in substitution of expanded
steel and cement floor arches in the
place of terra cotta arches and steel tie
rods, a substitution that effected a sav
ing to the contractor of about $35,000.
The cheap brick work, poorly con
structed metal work and a half dozen
other items of construction — each rep
resenting an exra outlay of the State's
funds — are, rightly of wrongly, credited
to the chairman of the Board of State
Harbor Commissioners.
The latest costly "suggestion" that is
laid at the door of Commissioner Col
non is the substitution of cement floor
ing for the bituminous rock flooring
that was put down in the new depot
building some time ago. The bitumin
ous rock that fell under the ban of Mr.
Colnon's disapproval was laid by the
Pacific Paving Company at a cost to
the State of 9% cents a foot. The bitu
men was laid on the concrete founda
tion furnished by the State, the thick
ness of the bitumen covering being 2V*
inches.
Soon after Commissioner Colnon con
ceived the idea of substituting artificial
rock for bitumen the following bid for
doing the work was made:
January 27, 1898.
We hereby propose to pave the exits in
the new ferry building, aggregating ap
proximately about 5125 square feet, with
a I^-inch layer of Santa Cruz bituminous
rock upon a 1-inch binder course of con
crete (cement to be furnished by the
board) for 74 cents a square foot, with
the understanding that the oituminous
rock now covering the passenger waiting
room, aggregating an area of 10.080 suare
feet, .<=hall belong to us after we have tak
en up and removed the same. Very truly
riTp'STREET IMPROVEMENT CO.,
\V. E. Dennison, Secretary.
(Indorsed) _ ,
Acceptfd by ord*r of Chairman Colnon
and Commissioner Chadbourne. January
27. I*>9S.
The 2M inches of bitumen covering
the 10,080 square feet of floor space has
been "taken up and removed." The new
work has not yet been begun. The bar
gain that was made by the City Street
Improvement Company can be seen at
a glance. The State furnishes the ma
terials and gives them 7hi cents a
squ.ve foot for putting down the bitu
men and then makes them a present
of enough bitumen to cover 7500 square
feet of space to the depth of a little
more than an inch. In other words,
the firm gets more than ample pay for
doing the work, and then gets enough
"boot" to make the job compare favor
ably with other "suggestions" that
have emanated from the same source.
Was Fighting Drunk.
John Lagerfield, a machinist, went to
his boarding-house at 507 Mission street
yesTay afternoon in an intoxicated
condition. He was in a fighting mood,
and attacked E. Letig, an employe in the
house with a knife, cutting him twice on
the Mt arm. Letig seized a broom handle
and knocked Lagerfield down. He also hit
him on the face with a tin can. Lager
field and Lctig were taken to tho Re
ceiving Hospital, where their wounds were
dressed, and JLafieriield was later locked
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
up in the City Prison on a charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon.
AFTER WHARFINGER ROOT.
S. A. Hussey Claims He Has Been
Soliciting for a Baggage Com
pany.
At a meeting of the Harbor Commis
sioners yesterflay afternoon a complaint
was filed by the Union Delivery Com
pany, charging Chief Wharfinger G. W.
Root with being a member of the San
Francisco Transfer Company, and while
performing his duties as wharfinger he
has at the same time been soliciting bag
gage, freight, etc., for the transfer com-
Root's connection with this com
pany will be the means, it is contended.
Of gaining nearly all the business of the
different shipping companies, as they will
undoubtedly be influenced by his posi
tion.
The San Francisco Transfer Company
was organized about the Ist of last month
and the nominal owners of the company
are Qeorge Grunewald, A. W. Johnson,
Lemuel Lucas and James Gafteny. It is
claimed that Root and Hayes are the
principal men in the organization
Root denies emphatically that he has
ever solicited business for the transfer
company during the hours he was sup
posed to be performing his duties as
wharfinger and claims that whatever
trade was negotiated was done after the
performance of his official work
WEDDING TOUR
OF THE PULLMANS
Walter Sanger and His Bride
Leave for Del
Monte.
The Town Gossips Declare That the
Lady in the Case Is All of
Thirty -Two.
The Pullman-West wedding caused a
good deal of talk in the town yesterday.
The couple stopped at the Palace Hotel
night before last and left the city for Del
Monte yesterday afternoon. The bride
did some shopping previous to her depar
ture and the groom received the congrat
ulations of his chums.
The marriage license procured in Oak
land gave the age of Louisa Lander West
as 24 years, but acquaintances of the fam
ily who formerly attended dances at
Lunt's Academy with the West young
ladies say that the bride is 32 years" old.
Annette West, who married Hugh Mc-
Donnell, the rich mining man, and Louisa,
who was married to Mr. Pullman, lived'
many years ago on Sacramento street
The young ladies were well known to a
large circle of friends. Annette at one
time held a position in the School Depart
ment as a teacher in the evening schools
They were regarded as intelligent, hand
some and ambitious, but did not figure
to any extent in society.
What action the Pullman family will
take can only be conjectured. The bride
no doubt, is intellectually the superior of
her husband, and may develop the young i
man's character on the lines which the !
late George ML Pullman hoped for devel- i
opment. The little disparity of age may '
turn out to the advantage of the lnfatu- I
ated twin.
FRAUD IS CHARGED.
W. A. Shepard of the Clerks' Ex-
change Bureau Arrested.
As a result of the investigations made
by Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald in re
gard to the manner in which a number of
employment agencies have been conduct
ing their business W. A. Shepard of the
Clerks' Exchange Bureau was arrested
yesterday on two complaints, charging
him with petty larceny by trick, fraud
and device.
The complaints were sworn to in Judge
Campbell's court by Benjamin Weinkop
fen and Mrs. Conklin. The former paid
$3 and tne latter $5 to Shepard after bein°
promised good positions, but the positions
were never secured for them.
Shepard's books, when examined by the
Labor Commissioner, showed that since
November G last fees had been paid in by
L.iO women and only twenty-five were sup
plied with positions.
Concert at the Presidio.
The band of the United States First In
fantry Regiment will give a concert at 3
o'clock this afternoon at the Presidio.
The programme will be as follows: Over
ture, "Taneredl" (Rossini); song, "Sym
pathy" (Liszt >: "F.i*nani." Op. 9 (Verdi):
intermezzo, "FagllaccJ" (arranged by
Erdmann); pilgrims' chorus, "Tannhau
ser" (Wagner); waltz. "Farewell to Mu
nich" (Gung'l); "Gloria" (Mozart).
Commissioner for San Jose.
United States District Judge de Haven
yesterday appointed William F. James as
United States Court Commissioner at San
Jose.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. r»avis' A nti-Headache never fails. 25c*
BEER MAY SOON
BE A LUXURY
An English Syndicate to
Buy Out Small Manu
facturers.
In Consequence the Price Will
Be Raised a Degree
Higher.
The Stock Brewery Under Corpora
tion Control and the National
May Follow.
Beer may soon be a luxury if price is
considered any item. From numerous
rather mysterious moves made by a syn
dicate which control twelve of the lead
ing breweries of America, it has been
rumored that beer will soon be raised $1
a barrel and that all "small fry" in the
business of manufacturing the liquid will
have to pull in their horns and start in
some other line which may result more
profitably.
An English syndicate, of which Mr. Al
vord is the local president and C. B. Stone
general director, is the main factor in
the move. Within the past few days the
syndicate has purchased the machinery
in v the Stock Brewery at North Beach for
fear that some other parties may buy up
the property and start on a large scale,
although the business has already gone
under and it is reported the National
Brewery will be the next on the list
which will be purchased for the purpose
of doing away with ■■ompetition. Among
the breweries now controlled by the par
ties who are looking forward to a clear
field are the Philadelphia, Chicago, United
States, Willows, South San Francisco and
numerous plants In Oakland and outside
districts. Just where the whole matter
will end is a matter which is causing the
retail dealers a vast amount of worry, but
in many instances the dealers who rely
on local manufacturers state that the
beer will not be raised by the move, but,
to the contrary. lowered from the fact
that the local breweries not under the
control of the syndii ate will decrease the
price of beer for sel: -protection. Whether
or not they will be able to stand the
strain placed upon them by the moneyed
concerns is a question which will take
time to solve, but both sides are confi
dent, and in consequence some interest
ing developments n;ay be looked forward
According to the ideas of many heavy
dealers in beer, thr- move has been made
by the syndicate; for the purpose of clos
ing up and keeping out all opposition or
as hfis been stated, intruders, but some
state that the local beer Is the best in the
market, and that a purchaser or retailer
will always buy where the price suits
them, and in accordance with their ideus
stay with the local firms against whom
a fight will soon be waged which may re
sult in explosions of many firms and pur
chases of others which may appear to
be dangerous eneml'S.
JIM McDONALD
WAS SELECTED
The Popular Baseball Player
Will Referee Tuesday
Night's Fight.
Light Betting on the Contest, With
Jeffries a Strong Fa
vorite.
The managers for Peter Jackson and
Jim Jeffries met at the Olympic Club last
evening and lost very little time in their
selection of a referee for next Tuesday
evening's entertainment at Woodward's
Pavilion.
Billy Delaney was asked if he had any
names to propose, and when he men
tioned that of the popular baseball ref
eree, Jim McDonald, Jackson's manager
called a halt.
"Delaney, your choice pleases me," he
said, "and I am perfectly willing that
McDonald referee the contest."
There was no further "business before
the house." and the managers left, satis
fied that Jackson and Jeffries will receive
just treatment from McDonald, who has
accepted the office.
The directors of the Olympic Club met
last evening and discussed matters per
taining to the fight. Captain John Cur
tin was engaged for the purpose of hav
ing order preserved on Tuesday evening,
and, as the captain will not stand any
nonsense, it goes without saying that the
' spurting public tan look forward to easy
access and egress to the tight. The cap
tain will have a force of niteen able men
i under his command, and those who will
I insist in blocking up the entrance and
| passage ways can expect a warm recep-
There will be two entrances to the main
floor and one entrance to the gallery. The
nrst event, which will be a ten-round
"go" between I->ewis of this city
and "Kid" Parker of Boston, will be
called at 8:30 o'clock sharp, and the event
of the evening will start promptly at 9:15
According to an agreement entered Into
by the fighters, the man whose arms are
free after the referee says break can hit
hi& opponent in case the last-named may
be holding on to save himself from pun
ishment, but hitting in clinches is for
bidden.
Superintendent Kennedy said last even
ing that there are several Orst-daM seats
to be had now but, judging from the
I and for good seats, there will not be
,y left by Monday,
t-kson and Jeffries will quit training
Saturday and rest up lor the big
though very little money, compafa
ly speaking, has been wagered on the
fight as yet, still Crowley & Raggett sold
some pools yesterday at <10 to $s, with
Jeffries on the long end.
THE CLERGY AND
THE TENDERLOIN.
Strenuous Efforts Will Be Made to
Suppress Houses of 111-Fame.
An attempt will be made by Father
Otis of the Paulist Community, together
with Rev. R. C. Foute of Grace Episco
pal Church and the property owners and
residents of the district bordering on the
tenderloin, to close the houses in Bacon
and Belden places, which are now occu
pied by women of ill-fame.
Since Father Otis succeeded in closing
Quincy and St. Mary's streets strenuous
efforts have been made to open adjoining
Btreets for the same purpose for which
the former were closed.
Bacon place is simply a continuation of
Quincy street, it being situated on the
opposite side of Pine street, between Du
pont and Kearny, while Belden place is
situated south of Kearny, extending from
Pine street to Bush.
Considerable money is being expended
by the opposition to contest the move
ments of the clergy, and it is suspected
that a member of the Board of Super
visors is working in the interests of these
people.
The latest move to rehabilitate this sec
tion of the city with objectionable ten
ants was made a few days ago. The resi
dents of the neighborhood of Pine and
Dupont streets were notified that the
alley running parallel with Pine street,
between that and California, would
shortly be opened and a number of houses
erected. In addition to this a passageway
in the shape of an L and running in the
rear of the houses on Dupont street
would be cut through and broadened so
as to accommodate a space for the erec
tion of a number of additional houses.
Every effort is ueing made both by the
ciergy and laity to prevent the opening
of the streets.
ODIOUS MEASURE
Merchants Universally De
nounce the Scale Law
as Bold Robbery.
It Is Regarded as a Blackmailing
Scheme, With a Fee Bill Ex
tortionate in Every
Detail.
Investigation of the so-called "seal
ing" act, by which the lawgivers of
the State, under guidance of the late
Senator Mahoney, sought to cinch mer
chants and create a fat position for the
inspector of weights and measures,
shows that it is universally condemned.
Merchants who have investigated the
matter are appalled at the unbridled t
power vested in the officer created by
the act of 1891. It would be an easy
matter to make a calculation which j
would show that the fee bill for the
official thus empowered to inspect
weights and measures would amount to
a prodigious sum in a year.
The lowest sum named as a fee is 50
cents, which would have to be paid
by every person who is engaged in the
business of selling goods that are to be
measured by tape or yardstick. This
would include the owners of all lum
ber yards, dry goods houses and other
establishments where footrules are in
use.
Every grocer and many dealers in
liquids use ordinary scales. Drug
gists, confectioners, bakers and all who
use even the commonest balances will
be compelled under this law to pay
the censor of weights and measures
the sum of 75 cents for each scale or |
balance inspected. On scales that
weigh as much as 6000 pounds the an
nual fee is the sum of $1.
Under the provisions of the odious j
law the Secretary of State is ex-offiao
sealer of weights and measures. He <
is required to seal and certify to all ;
standards of weights and measures .
used by sealers throughout the State.
The refusal of the Secretary of State
to heed the law has heretofore been a
barrier in the way of the fulfillment ,
of the purposes of the cinch bill. it
te probable however, that there would
be little trouble in inducing the courts
to mandamus that officer in tn* event
of the appointment of such officer in
the various counties.
If there is an attempt to have such
an officer in the city and county of ban
Francisco it is evident that he will lind
a great deal of opposition. Merchants
who oppose the strange system of
blackmail involved in the law will fight
the matter In the courts and carry the ,
case to the tribunals of last resort |
There have been previous attempts to ;
have such a law enforced, but such |
measures have always been worthless j
Th<> first act on the subject was passed j
as early as 1850, but it was amended j
and often modified down to 1861. in -
spite of the fact that none of its pro- I
visions were as odious as the Mahoney ;
law, this act was repealed in April, 18W.
During all these years the people of the i
State have been able to live and trans- !
act the business of life without any- j
body to watch over them to prevent
them from being robbed at the bar
gain counter.
The feature of the measure that is :
moat patent to all who give It even the .
most casual examination is that its ;
main purpose to to benefit the persons j
holding the office.
The uselessness of the measure, tne
absolute lack of any reascm for such an
office, is so apparent to all that the
matter needs not a moment's thought.
Merchants who had not known of the j
matter until lately have universally !
been appalled at the magnitude and j
boldness of the attempted steal. They i
look upon the entire measure as a ;
blackmailing scheme instituted for the |
purposes of plunder and pc-ssessing no
other merits. .
A striking illustration of the feeling j
of local merchants on the law came to j
light yesterday in the form of an old j
circular, which was issued about a j
year after the passage of the act. The
following excerpt from the circular is
in point, and it brings out the strong
fad that the law is largely useless by
reasc-n of improved methods in the con
struction of scales. It is as follows:
Every person who knows how modern
scales are constructed, so different from
;!:.• old beam and poise, must know the
uselessness of such a law as this. It is
known to have been designed to create a
horde of bloodsuckers to prey upon the
P Vhe people owe it to the courage and
will power of the present Secretary of
State E G. Waite. that the law has
never' been put in operation. Immediately
on the passage of the act representative
merchants, among the number Governor
Newton Hooth. made appeals to the Sec
retary to thwart the schemes of the pub
lic plunderers, and not in vain.
The following additional opinions,
supplementary to those published yes
terday, will show the general feeling on
the subject:
CAPTAIN C. F. TAYLOR— Everybody
knows that the law is useless and that
the appointment of such an officer is
only part of a scheme of robbery. If the
provisions of the law are carried out the
office will be one of the best in the Lnited
States The rates charged are certainly
most extortionate, and the system is a
disgrace to modern legislation.
JAMES O'BRIEN of J. J. O'Brien &
Co —The act of 1891 is an outrage, pure
ami simple, and not only should the
Boards of Supervisors neglect to tun c it
enforced but it should be repealed at
once lam not saying this because I ob
ject to having my measures tested; on
the contrary, I think it would be only
rieht and proper to have an official in
spector who will come around say once
or twice a year and see that everything
is -ill riffht. but he should be a salaried
official, and then there should be some
one over him to see that he does his duty.
But to say that a member of some politi
cal ring will have the privilege of lnvad
lne the houses of reputable business men
whenever he is in need of a little ready
money and compel the storekeepers to
oav him what is certainly an exorbitant
Srice for his services is. as I said before,
nothing more or less than an outrage, and
it s the duty of every rentable news-
Diner to take a firm stand against it.
OuV Supervisors are not angels by any
means but I hardly think they would be
the means of perpetrating such a down*
rieht swindle on the business community
of San Francisco. We should have an
adiuster of weights, measures and ba -
ances. but let him be paid a regular sal
«rv for the performance of his duties.
JOHN ELLIOTT of Montgomery & Co.-
It is simply a perfidious scheme originat
ed 'so far as I can see, for the sole ]>ur
nose of giving employment to some mem
ber of a political ring. The merchants of
this city are already overtaxed. We must
have a license to do business, a license to
run a delivery wagon, and are taxed for
everything it is possible to find a pretext
for levying a tax upon. This plan means
jus simply T hat we will be robbed of so
mu.-h annually, and nobody will be a bit
the better off except the man who gets
the fat plum of official sealer. If there
were a salaried inspector it would benefit
both the legitimate business man and the
general public. This system would either
make a drain on the business man or the
general public, as one or the other must
pay the difference, and the chances are
that both would be losers to a certain ex
tent, as a great many would be forced to
do with a little less on account of inabil
ity to pay a higher price. All over the
world there are inspectors, but such an
abomination as a fee system is an un
heard-of thing, and I am sure the mer
chants would rise up as one man against
any such imposition. I suppose that if
some politician with a big pull and little
brains wants the position the Board of
Supervisors will feel themselves called
upon in the interests of the public to give
him the appointment.
J. J. STALDBR, superintendent Union
Square Market— l have followed the ins
and outs of this law from its inception,
and am thoroughly conversant with the
whole scheme. I can confidently say that
It is rotten to the core. What purpose it
can possibly serve outside of making a fat
position for some boodling politician who
is unable to make an honest living by
honest means is a problem too deep for
me to fathom. A law which will give one
man the privilege of making piratical
raids on the business community under
the protection of a corrupt Legislature is
simply infamous, and for myself there is
no good purpose which it can serve. A
good reliable man, paid an honest salary.
is all that is required, but to give him the
privilege of fixing his own salary and al
lowing his victims no choice but to pa
his demands is more than business me
can be expected to tolerate. We are now
already overburdened with heavy tax am
license fees, and the enforcement of thi
measure would mean that many who ar
now Just becoming able to see their wa
clear after the period of depression wouk
be forced to close their doors. If an
Board of Supervisors gives its sanction t
this law the members may just as well
withdraw forever from the political field.
If an attempt is made to enforce it we
will fight it to the bitter end, as it is not
only against the interests of business
men, but the general public as well.
CHARLES MERRILL, of Holbrook,
Merrill & Stetson— There is no necessity
whatever for the appointment of an offi
cial sealer, whose lees must be paid by
the business men, and why they should
be forced to pay them when the benelit,
if any, will be to the public, is more than
I can conceive. It simply amounts to
forcing a man to pay the penalty of a
crime simply because he is in such a
position as to be able to commit the
crime. If a man is appointed at a salary
to do the work the chances are that he
will not do his duty, and it will be neces
sary to pay another man to watch him.
I can hardly see the necessity of subject
ing weights, measures and balances to
an inspection, anyway. If a man is get
ting short weight it doesn't take him long
to find it out, and the merchant is the
loser every time.
HARPER SMITH, Smiths' cash store—
I would be perfectly willing to have.
every weight and measure in my store
periodically inspected, but I don't care to
pay an unreasonable sum for having the
inspection made. If the sealer can drop
into my store whenever he sees fit and
levy an extortionate sum upon me, I
would consider it an injustice, to which
nobody should be expected to submit.
How such a law ever came to be passed
or how anybody ever expected to enforce
it in a free country seems a truly won
derful thing. I know r>f no place where
merchants are subjected to such an in
justice, and they would never stand it
here. If the Board of Supervisors can
render this law inoperative by leaving it
alone, It had better leave it alone.
E. GRANT, of the Baldwin Pharmacy-
Competition regulates honesty among
dealers, but if tne customers are not sat
isfied, the dealer should not be forced
to pay high fe^s to satisfy them. An
inspection is for the benefit of the pub
lic only, and a fee system is certainly
odious. I can hardly see how such a law
could be tolerated anywhere for any
length of time, but politicians can do
almost anything they choose, and the
people must pay the fiddler.
R. B. HALE, of Hale Bros.— A regular
inspector should be appointed and salar- !
ied by the State. To saddle the business ]
man with the expense is certainly wrong, I
both in principle and practice, and the i
law must only have been pdbsed to serve :
corrupt purposes. In facWthe motive
seems not to have been to provide for an
inspection, but to make a fat office by '
which a needy politician might feather j
his nest without soiling hts hands in hon- :
est toil. If our Board of Supervisors can '
by any means render this law a dead !
letter, it is the only course for them to :
pursue in the advancement of the best
Interests of San Francisco. I hardly
think there is much need of an Inspector,
but if the people want one on an nonest j
basis the business men will be the last •
people to make any objection, in fact
we will do all in our power to make his
work easier for him. A man appointed
under the law of 1891, however, would not
be an inspector, as no man but a cor- i
rupt boodler would disgrace himself by '
accepting such a position, and no honest
officials would put a man in such a j
place.
C. H. JOFETT. manager Dunsmuir &
Sons — The appointment of sealers in this '
State under the existing law is a black- i
mailing scheme, instituted by the State I
for the purpose of carrying on a whole
sale extortion from its citizens and mer
chants.
We have peculiarly constructed laws
out here anyway, but this is the most ex- '
travagant and oppressive outcome of State |
legislating that I have ever heard of. The !
laws of a State must necessarily be for I
the benefit of the State and not for mdi- j
viduals, as this undoubtedly is. I don't
think and 1 don't see how it would be
possible for any court to punish a man i
for violating the ordinance by refusing to
pay the foe demanded by the sealer. If
a man comes into my establishment in
the busiest time of the day and com
mands me to suspend my business until
he inspects my scales, compelling me
through this delay to suffer the loss of
several hundred dollars, and then demands
of me a fee for this uncalled-for and un
solicited investigation, I think that it is
an outrage beyond the toleration of in
telligent people. This sort of thing could
happen every day if the inspector con
sidered it necessary to add a few dollars
to his purse, and what protection have I
against such outrageous treatment? The
law says he is right and in view of , this
fact I must necessarily be wrong. My
opinion is ignored, and if I contend for
my rights or make an objection to his
pleasure I am arrested and thrown into
jail. I think the law should be abolish, a
ana that the influence of merchants gen
erally should be brought to bear
against it.
CHARLES R. ALLEN, wholesale coal
dealer— The law Is a crime against munic
ipal government and an encroachment I
upon the rights of merchants who are ;
compelled under its dictates to pay the
extortion demanded of them by the seal- '
er. The merchants of this city, both :
wholesale and retail, fully understand the
significance of the adoption of such a
law, and should unite and act as a unit
in suppressing it. We have enough op
pression now for carrying on our busi
ness without having more heaped upon
us for no other reason than to create a
"political plum," as it were, for ambi
tious politicians whose chief aim it seems
to be to live at the expense of Individuals ',
who pay taxes for the support of the !
government which creates laws of this 1
kind for the wanton expenditure of such j
funds.
As far as the appointment of an in
spector of weights and measures is con
cerned I heartily indorse such action, but
I think that such an officer, or officers,
as the case may be, should receive a
stipulated and regular salary for the per
formance for siK-n duties and not be al
lowed the arbitrary pow< r ol taxing the
merchant whatever he pleases tor carry
ing on rocb an inspection. The public
should be protected from the frauds of
unscrupulous retailers, but at the same
time the merchants should not be perse
cuted and robbed because they happen
to use scales and measures in the opera
tion of their business, whether it be
proven that they use either true or bogus
weights.
My idea for the regulating or a desir
able system of Inspection Is to invest the
power in the bands of the Police De
partment of the city. By the proposed
scheme unnecessary expense would be
abolished by the appointment of an in
spector frcm the force who wouid be
provided with the necessary machinery
and materials for carrying on the investi
gation. This officer could If Bent on a
tour of inspection to a separate district o£
the city eacfi nay and could easily in
spect the scales, measures, etc.', of that
district. By appointing a different officer
every day the merchants would be un
able to bribe or buy him.
This is my idea of the solution of the
problem, and the only possible means of
preventing fraud and invalidating the
present law governing the appointment
of sealers. I think if the scheme were
carried into effect it would prove both
effective and at the same time inex
pensive.
The mere thought of the construction
of the present law is an insult to the in
telligence of people possessing ordinary
common sense and a notion of the dis
tinction between right and WTOiur. I
think that the law should be entirely
annulled or amended so that the sealer
would be deprived of arbitrary power.
HENRY BIESTER, wholesale and re
tail grocer— lf the law is passed it will
be an oppression to all merchants and es
pecially those in my business. I do not
see why the State insists on carrying into
effect such obnoxious and slaved riving
laws as this. In no way will the mer
chant or the general public reap any ben
efits trom its adoption. It is an arbitrary
power invested in an individual of tho
community from which no one but the in
spector himself will profit. If it was
passed for and in the interests of the peo
ple it should be approved by th^m before
its adoption. In appointing this sealer
the State neither asks the approbation o(
the public nor pays the least heed ta
whatever objection that might be mada
against it. The politicians who passed tha
law wanted it, and the people as a conse
quence will have to tolerate it. I most as*
suredly denounce the law as oppressive
and antagonistic to the principles of lib-
erty.
WILLIAM C. OESTING. wholesale pro
duce dealer — That such an act should bn
passed is beyond my comprehension, aa
the community will derive absolutely no
benefit from its adoption. The legislator?
who passed the law must have known or
should have known at the time that it
w;ik oneroaching upon the rights of mer>
chants as citizens of the community; and
they should have foreseen that they wer«
inflicting an enormous burden upon the
merchants of every branch of industry. X
am willing to see a duly appointed official
invested with the power of carrying on an
inspection of weights and measures in the
interests of the people at large, but I do
not think that such an inspector should
have the arbitrary prerogative of making
an investigation whenever and as often as
he pleases and charging a fee, the extent
of which would be regulated by his own
discretion. The law is an unjust one and
should not be carried into effect.
Died of Alocholism.
James E. Donovan, a tanner, residing
at the Turk-street Hotel, was found dead
'■ in bed yesterday morning. He had been
; on a three weeks' spree, and the indiea-
I tions were that death was due to disease
I of the heart. An inquest will be helu.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and accepted the resignation of
William Ryan of Engin^s and. appointed
Matthew J. Glennon to fill the vacancy.
Joseph Walls of Engine 29 was fined five
days' pay for springing an axle in a hose
wagon.
Died of Hir. Injuries.
Quong Choy, the Chinese cigar-maner
who cut his throat on the corner of Du
pont and Jackson streets on March 12,
died yesterday in the City and County
Hospital. The body is at the Morgue.
, ADVERTISEMENTS.
IHT'Let WHISKY get the BEST
Illy 8 of 011 GET the BEST of
yil i WHISKY, which is the
-~-^ GENUINE
H^El , DISTILLERY
flu fflSm \ BOTTLING OP
r?# OLD
All PEPPER
jK/jEw»«NaoTn.^Wm . .
™fepj^\\l» Bottled and Distilled
1 ' TA<5 V PEPPER
t agjaaig''Sgsd i JnOi Ih I 111 lLil
ifv-il^^L:-'.:-; Lexington! Kf.
•*' £^^Efi£&'WP "*"**' ; Under the ume FOR-
!' "* ■%ts^fe?Mr T^"' ! • I Under the more than 103
'' ter^H| gMf^K^"^ ! i MULA for more than 100
■'^■'mSwl'' 5"-'5 "-' i YEARS; Is guaranteed
v.' 1 gSBS^aS 1 ' I*-'1 *-'- ) ABSOLUTELY the '
$ i t" JKS3L!SBI. ' ! PUREST and BEST in
ll'^^^S 1 SAMPLE CASE $15
| [^[*^wr^ I^TSSq L Sent on trial,' which, if
riot satisfactory, can b«
■a-M-^-ii i{^ T,'i 'i ■■' - returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL Sf CARROLL,
30<5 Market Street,
Sole Agents for the Pacific Coast.
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
MEN ONLY.
—^CONSULT- —
DR. MEYERS. & CO.,
731 Market Street,
The only Specialist in San ; Francisco
treating the -Weaknesses -and Diseases of
MEN ONLY, and so confident is he. that
he can cure you that
NOT J\ DOLLAR
Need be paid until cure is effected. .
Varicocele, Weakness, Drains, Losses
and All Results of Folly
and Excess
Are treated and cured in a short time . by
his •■» improved i methods. v, A consultation
will cost you nothing. r
If you cannot call at the office send for
private book for men. ; •:;-■•
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET STREET.
The Specialists for Men of the English ■ and
r "■ ■ German . Expert Specialists. ;
Hours S-5. Evenings 7-S. Sundays ; 9-U.
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver lower.
Wheat and Barley dull.
Other Cereals inactive and unchanged.
Hay easy. Feedstuffs as before.
Beans and Seeds quiet.
Asparagus higher.
Butter and Eggs steady.
Another car of Eastern Poultry in.
Lemons and Limes dull and weak.
Provisions as usual.
Hides still unsettled.
Beef firm. Mutton steady.
OUR FOREIGN TRADE.
Trade statistics for February and the first
eight months of the fiscal year, which ends on
May 31. issued by the Treasury Department.
Bhow that during the eight months ending with
February this country exported breadstuff s to
the value of $206,316,000, against $138,000,000 for
the corresponding period the year before, 594.
224.000 two years ago and $71,609,000 three years
Switzerland exported to the United States !
during the year 1597 $13. lti!>.o4o worth of goods, !
as follows: Silk and silk goods, $:i.i<2S,l7S; cot
ton and woolen tissues, 720, 355; laces and em- i
broideries. $5,222,673: straw goods, $396,395;
clocks and watches, $828,005; music boxes, $93,
216; < >i. ■ . leather poods, $27,437- ani
lors, $(i46,7>sG; all other articles, $560.»
en. .
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files wltli the wind. The top tig- I
ores at nation Indic:.e maximum temperature
lor the days; those underneath It. If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow tn Inches ;
and hundredths during the past twelve hours, j
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high ■
barometric pressure and is ueur.lly accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres- '
Bure and is usually preceded and accompanied ■
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually i
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure b high In the interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along Ihe coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "Mow' !s inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm
frobable. With a "■high" in the vicinity of ;
daho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
tppesite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. March 17. 6 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 58.06 41.86
lied Bluff 0.00 12.08 22.65 i
Sacramento 0.00 8.55 15.62 I
Pan Francisco Trace 7.52 20.72
Fresno 0.01 3.71 9.35
Pan Luis Obispo 0.00 5.45 19.86
Los Angeles 0.00 4. 50 16.44
Pan Diego 0.02 3.6S 11.46
Yuma 0.00 1.65 6.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 60;
minimum. 41; mean. —
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the
northern half of the Pacific Coast. An area of
low pressure lies over Arizona and Southeast
ern California.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
• "n th. Pacific Slope. Throughout Cali
fornia it is below the normal of from 5 to 10°.
Heavy ami killing frosts occurred this morn
ing In California. Heavy frosts will occur Fri
day morning where clear.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour Is reported at Yuma.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, March 18, 18S8:
Northern California— Fair, Friday, with frost
In the interior, but less severe than laet night;
light northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday; con
tinued cold; westerly wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday: warmer north.
Utah— Snow early Friday morning; fair Fri
day; warmer north.
Arizona— Cloudy Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
fr> :-ii westerly wind.
-.1 report from Mt. Tamalpals. taken at
I p. tn.— Clear; wind north, 24 miles per hour;
temperatun?, 38; maximum t»mp»rature. -42°.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
L*»-;ii Forecast Official!
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, March There was a com
plete reversal of sentiment on the Stock Ex
■ change to-day compared with that of the
earlier part of the week and prices sagged al
most continuously. The losses averaged nearly
2 per cent in the standard shares and were
more pronounced in the specialties, where In
one case the decline exceeded 4 per cent. Trad-
Ing was dominated by the announced comple
tion of the Maine Board of Inquiry report, the
failure of the Pacific roads to reach an amicable
agreement upon passenger rates and the neavy
selling by houses with Washington connec
tions. A favorable factor which had little in
. ftuence was the continued influx of gold. The
present movement, including to-day's engage
ments of 11,300,000 and the $5,500,000 en route
from Australia, is In excess of $30,000,000. The
continued ease of* money. likewise attracted lit
tle attention. The resumption of uneasiness as
to the general Cuban situation seemed not to
be shared on the "foreign bourses, where Span
ish 4's advanced, although this may have been j
due to the announcement that the interest pay
ments which had been In doubt • would be
made. The bears offered round amounts of the
Grangers, • Sugar, Manhattan, Metropolitan
Street Railway and other prominent securities.
The absence of support by leading operators
was readily perceived by the advocates of
lower values and utilized to the fullest extent.
London was rather apathetic and early prices
afforded little encouragement to either party,
being slightly mixed. Subsequent cables re
ported the London exchanges closing exceed
ingly weak In response to this side. Sugar
*' absorbed the bulk of the traders' attention
during the day at receding prices. The net
flosses of 2 points and over are as follows:
Metropolitan Street Railway, 4%; Sugar, 3%;
Consolidated Gas, 2%; Tobacco, 2%; Manhat
tan. 2%, and Pullman, V&, ;;
Operations in bonds showed a further con
traction in dealings, the aggregate reaching
£1,600,000. The tendency of the market was
downward throughout, as has been the case of
late, a large preponderance of | the dealings
centering in a few of the speculative lines.
Quotations Tor Government issues indicated
losses of % per cent in the Issues of 1925 and
hi. in the 4's registered of 1907. - -
Total sales of stocks to-day were 319,100
shares, including: Burlington. 31,257; L. and
N., 6888; Manhattan, 23.756: Metropolitan, 8450;
•Missouri Pacific, 4130; M. K. and T. preferred
4800; New York Central, 5195; Northern Pacific.
491',; do preferred, 14.446; Rock Island, 10.389;
St. Paul, 8,78; Tobacco, 29.070; Sugar, 64.565. '
CLOSING STOCKS. ■
' Atchison 11 St P & Om 69 :
Do pref ........ 24% Do pref ..150
Baltimore & Ohio 16 St rM & M 125 '
Canada Pacific ..■ 92 So Pacific ........ 15
Canada Southern. 44 So Railway "'" 7%
Cent Pac ........ 12 Do pref .'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 25*.
1 Ches & 0hi0..... 18% Texas & Pacific. 9%
Chi & Alton.. 146 Union Pacific . 26H
Chi B & Q 89% U P D & G.. "■ vt
Chi & E 111 63 . Wabash .... 6*
C C C'& St L.... 2716 Do pref ....'.'.'.'. 15%
■ Do pref 92 Wheel & L E "" I*4
Del & Hudson.... 108% Do pref . 9«?
Del L &.W...... 150 Express Companies—
Den & R G 11 Adams Ex 100
Do pref 44 American Ex .... 122
Erie (new) ....... 12% United States ... 3S
■ Do Ist pref . .... 34 • Wells Fargo .'.... 114
Ft Wayne . 166 ! Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref ..... 148 I A Cot Oil ......... 16%
Hocking Val '....'. 5% | Do pref L ........ 67%
Illinois Cent ..... 99*4 Amn Spirits 6%
Lake Erie & W.. 13 Do pref •.....•...: 17%
Do pref 66 Am Tobacco '■-. 96%
Lake Shore 186 I Do pref 112
! Louis & Nash 48% | People's Gas 90%
i Mhiinattan L .... 101 ;Cons Gas 178%
Met Bt Ry 140%| Com Cable C 0.... 160
I Mich Cent 104% Col F & 1r0n.... 19%
Minn & St L.... 26 Do pref 78
Do Ist pref .... 92 Gen Electric .... 31%
Mo Pacific 25 Illinois Steel .... 45
I Mobile & 0hi0... 26 Laclede Gas 42%
1 Mo X & T 10% Lead 29%
Do pref 311*. d o pre f 102%
Chi lnd & L.... 7 ' Nat Lin Oil 16
Do pref 24 Or Imp Co 25
N J Central 91% Pacific Mail 23%
N V Central .... 109% Pullman Pal 168%
N V Chi & St L. 11% Silver Cert 55
Do Ist pref 63 Stand R & T 4
Do 2d pref .... 29 Sugar 11S%
; Nor West 12% Do pref 107%
INo Amer Co .... 5 T C & Iron IBVi
No Pacific 21% U S Leather "*
Do pref 60% Do pref BH4
Ontario & W 14% U S Rubber 16
Or R & Nay 44 Do pref 64%
Or Short Line ... 28 West Union S6Vi
Pittsburg 16S Chi & N W 117%
Reading 16% Do pref 173
Do Ist pref .... 35% St L & S W 4%
! Rock Island 93 Do pref 8 7 4
St L & S F 6% R G XV 23
Do Ist pref .... 54% Do pref 54
Do Id pref .... 243 4 Chi G W 9%
St Paul $s\ Haw Com Co 30
Do pref 145% I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122% >N J C 5s 11l
Do coup 122% | N Carolina 6s ... 125
U S 4s 110 I Do 102
Do coup 111% No Pac lsts 113
Do 2ds 95% Do 3s 59%
T" Bss reg 111% Do 4s 94%
Do 5s coup .... 111% N V C & S L 4s. 103%
District 3.65s 116 Nor & W 6s 120
Ala class A 108% Nr'- -trn cons. 144
Do B 107 Do deb 5s 115%
Do C 97 O Nay lsts 113%
Do Currency ... 97 O Nay 4s 93%
Atchison 4s 89 Line 6s tr 120
Do adj 4s 55% O S Line 6s tr. .. 100
Can So 2ds 105 M. O Imp lsts tr.... 10S
Chi Term 4s 82% Do 5s tr 56%
C & Ohio 5s 114 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103
C H & D 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s 80%
D& R G lsts.... 110 R G W lsts 80%
D&R G4s 89 SL& IM C ss. 89%
East Term lsts.. 105 S L & S F G 6s. llfi
Erie Gen 4s 68 St P Con 140
P W & D lets tr. 66% St P C & P lsts.. 118
Gen Elec 5s .... 101% Do 5s 116
G H & S A 65.. 109 So Ry 5s 89
Do 2ds 104 Stand" R& T 65.. 55
H & TC 5s 109 Term new set 3s. 85
6s 106% T & P L G lsts.. 994
lowa C lsts 99% Do Rg 3ds 30%
Kan P Con tr .. 100 Union Pacific 4s 91%
X Pac Ist DD tr. 131»4 Do pref 4fl 7g7 g
La new wns 45.. 10!% U P D & G lsts.. 53
L& N Un! 4s ... 86 Wab Ist 5s 106% I
Missouri 6s 100 Do 2ds 76%
M K& T 2d5.... 59 W Shore 4s lfls^
Do 4s 86% Va Centuries .... 65%
N V Central lsts. 115% Do deferred ... 3%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 50 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point 14 Ophir 44
Con Cal & Va SO Plymouth 08
Deadwood 90 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry... 151 Do pref 2on
Hale & Norcrs... 1 30 ' Sierra Nevada ... 1 15
Homestake 37 001 Standard 160
Iron Silver 36 1 Union Con SO
Mexican 30 ' Yellow Jacket ... 25
BOSTON.
BOSTON, March 17— Atchison, lOTfe; Bell
Telephone. 244%; Burlington. 89%; Mexican
Central, 6; Oregon Short Line, 29.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. March 17.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: In the ab
sence of bad political news the stock markets
here continued steady. The chief feature was
the recovery in investment stocks on the pros
pects of temporarily cheap money. Prices,
however, closed under the best, notably Ameri
cans and Grand Trunks. Canadian Pacific was I
strongly bought for Montreal.
Foreign stocks were firm on Paris buying. A
Greek loan is expected next month. It is to
be between £5,000,000 and £6,000,000, of which
£500,000 are for Turkish indemnity. The inter
est is to be 2% per cent, but the issue price is
not yet known. Financial quarters here regard
attentively your purchase of Brazilian war
ships.
Gold is in less keen demand for New York at
77s 10% d. More money was drawn irom the
Bank of France to-day. Iti s understood that
the institution is showing a willingness to part
with its gold.
Details of the gold movement for the week
show the sale of £596,000 in Aemriean coin the
receipt of £106,000 from Australia, of £80,000
from Austria and of £5000 from Malta.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, March 17.— FLOUR— Receipts.
65,658 barrels; exports, 3326 barrels. Held steady
again, but lacked buying interest.
WHEAT— Receipts, 62,900 bushels; exports,
144.335 bushels. Spot, steadier; No. 2 red, $1 04&
f: o. b. afloat to arrive and $1 05^ spot. Op
tions opened firmer at %@%c advance on cold
! weather developments In the Northwest. A
subsequent reaction under small clearances and
lack of outside trade was followed by recov
ery on demand from shorts, the close being
very steady at hi'Qlc net advance. March
closed $104*; May, 93Vi@W%c, closed S9*gc.
HOPS— Steady; 1895 crop, 4ig*c; 1896 crop, 7<g)
9c; 1897 crop, 17@lSc; Pacific Coast, 1895 crop,
4gfic; 1896 crop, 8@10c; 1337 crop, 17®lSc.
WOOL— Dull.
PETROLEUM—
METALS — Practically no change was made
In quotations to-day and all departments con
tinue to suffer from neglect. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants quiet, with $6 75 bid
and $5 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet and unchanged, with
{11 87% bid and 12 asked.
TlN— Quiet, with $14 20 bid and $14 30 asked.
SPELTER— Steady, with $4 17% bid and $4 25
asked.
LEAD— Very dull and easy, with $3 70 bid
and $3 72% asked. According to the firm fix
ing the settling price for miners and smelters
Lead is strong at $3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed firm at a net gain
of 5© 10 points. Sales, . 31.000 bags. Including
March, $4 !'S;US; May, $5 10® 5 15. Spot Coffee-
Rio, weak; No. 7 invoice, 5%c; No. 7 Jobbing,
6V»c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8»4@16c.
SUGAR— Raw. barely steady; fair refining,
3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 l-16c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts, 3160 packages. Firm;
Western creamery, 15(§lSc; Elgins, 19c; fac
tory, 12® 15c. •*
EGGS— Receipts, ; 9299 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania, 10%@10%c; Southern, 10V»(y>
lo%c. ".-..
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. March 17.— California Dried
Fruits, quiet and firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 6<gßc;
prime wire tray, 8%©8% c; wood dried prime,
&% I SS%c; choice, B%@9c; fancy, 9%(g10c.
PRUNES— 3%@Sc.
APRICOTS— 5%@7c; Moorpark, B%@
10c '-'•■ *• ~~* : * *-*■
PEACHES— s@9c; peeled. 12@16c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, March 17.— good deal of strength
was shown at the opening in wheat, although
trading was not heavy. The action of the
board of directors last night in refusing to fix
a marginal price on May contracts, and the
fact that testimony taken by the board show
ing shipping values to be more than the bears
cared to admit, caused a halt in the liquida
tion and short selling, which made the market
so weak of late, and though it did not result
In very much Increased buying demand, yet the
falling off In the selling pressure was so
marked as to cause an immediate advance in
prices. Besides the directors* action some of
the routine news was of a bullish nature. Kill
ing frosts were reported from California and
freezing weather was reported in the North
west. Liverpool, in view of the decline here
yesterday, showed an unexpected degree of
steadiness. Opening trades in July were on
an advance of %c. 85@85%c being bid. One
or two sales were made as low as 84% c. Soon
a disposition among the scalpers to cover up
their short lines was shown, which carried
July up to 85% c. Then the market turned
weak on the variable weather West. At around
84% c Letter's brokers gave July support. This
started a buying movement again, and the
strength was continued to the close, July ad
vancing to and closing at 84% c. May was very
quiet all day. It showed some strength, sell
ing as high as $1 04%, and never getting below
the fixed price, $1 04. It closed at the latter
price.
The opening in corn was steady, but liquida
tion of May soon started and grew quite heavy
as the session advanced. May J closed: %fg%c
lower. ,• —
The market for oats was much the same as
corn. May closed fairly steady, .%c lower.
Provisions were the firmest market ■on the
floor , closing prices being about the best: of
the day. May pork was 15c higher," May lard
10c higher and May ribs 7%c higher at the
close.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High.
Wheat No. 2— •
March 1 01% 102
Hay 1 04V; 1 04%
ruly 55% 85%
Corn No. 2—2 —
Hay 29% 29% .
ruly 30% 30%
September 31% 31%
Oats No. 2— • '
Hay . 25% 25%
ruly ...23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— "*
Jay ....9 92% 995 ,
ruly. 9 87% 10 02% V
Lard, per 100 lbs—
.lay ...........;.... 5 10 5 17%
ruly: ....6 17% 5 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
.lay 6 05 5 10
ruly ■.......:....... 6 12% 6 17%
Low. Close.
■
1 01% 102
1 04 1 <M>4
84% 94%
■ 28% 29
30 30%
31% ; 31%
: 24% 25%
22% , 23%
980 .9 92%
9 85 9 97%
5 10 5 15
5 15 6 22%
5 05 5 10
6 10 6 17%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat. S7fir92%c: No. 2 red, I
Jlrtr 1 01; No. 2 corn, 2S I /ii i ; No. 2 oats, 2flVic; No.
2 white, f. o. b., 29H<531c: No. '.3 white f. o.
b., Z7%&»%c; No. 2 rye, 48% c; No. 2 barley, i
f. o. b., 35<i$42c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 20; prime 1
timothy seed. $2 So@2 95; mess pork per bbl, !
?!• 90& IX; lard, per ICO rbs, $.} ]2%@3 15; short |
ribs sides (loose), $1 KH96 77%; dry Baited i
shoulders (boxed), $4 75ig5; short clear sides
(boxed), $5 25@5 40; whieky, distillers' finished |
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
goods, per gal. $1 19%; sugars cut loaf. 6.SBc;
granulated, 5.38 c.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 32,000 41,000
Wheat, bush 86.000 147.000
Corn, bush 247.000 250.000
Oats, bush 219,000 291,000
Rye, bush 18.000 2.000
Barley, bush 33.000 7.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 13@18c; dairies,
10M.<gii6c. Cheese, quiet, 9@9>4e. Eggs, steady;
I fresh, 9Vic.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushel?.
Mlnenapolls 115.730 99,360
Duluth 37.931 13.151
Milwaukee 21.220 1.300
Chicago 86,166 147.367
Toledo 19.151 4.000
St. Louts 10.000 6.000
Detroit 3,380 932
Kansas City 19,500 22.000
Totals 313,078 295.140
Tidewater-
Boston 4.376
New York 62,900 144,335
Philadelphia 7.637 4.052
Baltimore 22,701 16,031
New Orleans
Totals 97,614 164.418
PARIS FUTURES.
Market closed.
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
March May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 74% 7 % 66% 65%
Closing 78% 7 4Vi 7 «4 66% 6 svs
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. March 17.— CATTLE— Were steady
and in active general demand. Common cat
tle. $3 90(^4 50; choice shipping. $5@5 50; bulk,
$4 35iQ5 15; stoekers and feeders, strong, bulk
selling- at $4@4 60. Choice calves, $6@6 50.
HOGS— Stronger and slightly higher. Bulk.
$3 75(g3 85, a few prime heavy hogs fetching
! $4 95. Light weights, $3 92%; pigs. $3 25^3 80.
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs in good demand
| and steady. Common sheep, $3 25@3 50; best
fed Westerns, $4 50® 4 75; yearling sheep, $4 50
@5. Lambs were in demand at $4 50@6 50, sales
being chiefly at $5 25<£r5 45; shorn lambs, $4 20®
4 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 9000; Hogs, ♦22,000; Sheep,
15.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. March 16.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, official. 1500. Market, steady to 10c
lower: beef steers, $3 SOifio: Western fed steers,
$3 7504 70; Western cows and heifers, $3'ff4 20; ;
native cows and heifers. $2 75@4 25 for common
cannera to fancy stock heifers; stockers and
feeders, $3 50 @ 5 25; Texas steers, $3 90@4 50;
bulls, $3@3 50.
HOCS — Receipts. 11.SO0. Market mostly
i steady, lights closing stronger; bulk of sales.
!$3 60@3 75; heavies and packers, $3 65@3 90;
medium and mixed. $3 65<g3 90; lights, $3 40®
3 75; rigs, $3 2503 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. official. 5400. Market.
active. 54f10c higher than the first of the week;
Western muttons, $4<JT4 35; yearlings, $4 Bo®
4 75: common to choice Colorado lambs. $4 SO
©5 22 Vs.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. March 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1900. Market, steady; native beef steers, $3 SO
06 10; Western steers. $3 7004 70; Texas steers.
$3@3 90; rows and heifers, $3f?4 20; canners. $2 j
<fi'i; stockers and feeders, $3 7GOS; calves, f4 25
<£fi 50; bulls, stags, etc., $2 6603 55.
HOGS— Receipt*. 4700. Market shade higher.
Heavy. *3 6603 80; mixed, $3 70<ff3 82%; light,
$3 60ifr3 75; bulk of sales, $3 70<g'3 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 10,300. Market, steady;
fair to choice natives, $3 75'??4 75; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 50® 4 60; common and stock shi:p.
$3@3 90: lambs, $4 25^5 30.
DENVER.
DENVER. March 17.— CATTLE — Receipts,
400. Market steady to firm; beef steers. $3 So(3>
4 40; cows. J2 75<ff3 80; feeders, freight paid to
river, $4<g4 55; stockers, do, $4 10@4 70; bulls,
stags, etc., $2 25@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market steady, clos
ing firm; light packers, $3 65®3 75; mixed, i
$3 6Hli3 70; heavy, $3 6')<33 70.
PHEEP- Receipts. none. Market steady;
good fat muttons, $3 2504 30; lambs, $4 20@5 20.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LON.DON. March 17.— At the wool sales to- |
day there were offered 12,000 bales, comprising !
a good eelection. The market was more ani
mated and there were further advances in I
prices. Continental operators competed spirit- !
edly for good scoured, which 6old largely for !
Germany, while Russia took a few choice lots, i
There was a demand for faulty scoured and !
pieces which were exceptionally strong at 7%
per cent above the prices paid at the last series
of sales. This was also true of greasy me- j
rinos, except American sorts, which are firm j
at unchanged prices. Finer cross-bred showed
the hardening tendency, while coarse sorts
were irregular. Commercial operators com
peted with the home trade for Cape of Good i
Hope and Natal greasies, which were un- |
changed. Thus far 34,300 bales have been sold, j
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, March 17.— Consols. 11l 15-16; sil
ver, 25% d; French rentes, 103f 25c.
LIVERPOOL, March 17.— Wheat, dull; No. 1 i
standard California wheat, 38s; cargoes Walla ;
Walla wheat, 345; cargoes off coast, easier; i
cargoes on passage, nominal, unchanged; !
English country markets, quiet; French coun- \
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 11-32d\
CLOSE.
CORN— Spot, qutet; March. 3s 4%d; May,
quiet, 3s 2%d; July, qutet, 3s 2%d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. March 17.— The inactivity which
has been characteristic of the wheat market !
for several days still continues. There Is a i
demand for Walla Walla, but with the ex- j
ception of an occasional sale to the mills val- ■
ley Is not wanted at all, and quotations are '.
strictly nominal. Seventy-five cents was paid
for Walla Walla to-day, but the most of the
exporter! would not quote more than 74'g!74%c.
Cleared — Br ship Glenpark. for Cork, with j
121. 500 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, March 17.— Wheat dull and lower.
No. 1 club. 74&75 c; No. 1 bluestem, 77@78c.
PORTLA D'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. March 17.— Exchanges, $259,070;
balances, $39,247.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON. March 17.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $226,139,532; gold re
serve. $170,332,070.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 84%
Sterling Cables — 4 85%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 64%
Mexican Dollars — 46
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— There Is no particular change,
either In spot or future prices, and business
continues dull. .
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $l:40@
1 41V» for No. 1, $1 42% for choice and $1 45@1 50
per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. $133; 2000, $132v4; 94,000, $132%.
Second Session— December — 10,000 ctls, $1 32%.
May. 4000. $1 40.
Regular Morning Session— December — 10,000
ctls. $132%; 14,000, $132%; 2000. $132%. May
—MOO, $1 40%.
Afternoon Session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 40%. De
cember— 10,00(i, $1 32*;.
BARLEY— Continued sprinkles in the San
Joaquin keep buyers out of the market, and
check any further advance in futures, hence
I trade Is dull.
Feed. $1 lOfil 12% for dark to good and $1 13%
<gl 15 for choice; Brewing, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
$1 '*%; 4000, $1 08%.
Second Session— May— Sooo ctls, $1 08^4; 4000,
$1 0BV6; <000, $108. December— Sooo, 97c; 4000.
96'*e; 4000, 9fi%c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2ooo ctlg,
$1 OSVi. December— 2ooo, st7c.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 08%
4000. $1 08%. December— 4ooo. 97% c.
OATS— Dealers still quote the old prices,
with a quiet market.
Fancy Feed, $1 27% per ctl; good to choice.
$1 2'i'ul 25: common, $1 15@1 17V,; Surprise
$1 27%®1 32%: red. $1 3.V&1 45; gray" $1 17%@1 20;
milling. $1 2001 2fi per ctl.
CORN— The market continues very dull.
Small round yellow, $1 10<gi 12% per ctl; large
yellow, $1 05@l 07V.; white. $1 10@l 12%.
RYE— II 07% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$4 F,5@4 65; Bakers' extras, $4 30@4 40 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 50 per 100;
Rice Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal, $2 25; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3; Oatmeal. $3 50; Oat Groats M;
Hominy, $3 10@3 30; Buckwheat Flour $4-
Cracked Wheat, $3 50; Farnia, $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25: Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 25
<?5 65: in sacks, $5 05@5 45; Pearl Barley, $4;
Split Peas, $3 75; Green Peas, $4 25 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market was rather soft, owing to
the showery weather, but receipts were light
and dealers look for renewed firmness as soon
as the sky clears. Bran and Middlings are the
same as before.
BRAN— JIfi-Jj 1(5 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 4IB6B 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $24^25 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2« 60®29 50;
Jobbing, $30; Cocoanut Cake, $21 fiOfi'22 SO; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S@3O per ton: Cornmeal, $23®
24: Cracked Corn, $23 50@24 50; Chopped Feed,
HAT— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $186
22 per ton: Wheat and Oat, -Rl7 50<g"21 60". Oat,
$17019; Barley, $15@1S- compressed, $IS@'2l: Al
falfa, $1O@12; stock J12@13; Clover. *12@13 50.
, STRAW— 3S@4Sc per bale.
:v J:^? BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is nothing new worthy of note. Trad*
Is still dull. - ;•■ ';':.'■.
BEANS- Bayos, $2 8032 90; Small Whites,
$1 50<gl 60; Large Whites, $1 50@l 55: Pinks,
$2 35@2 50: Reds. $2@2 25; : Blackeye, $2 40@2 50
Butters. $1 40@l 60; Llmas. $2@2 15: Pea, $1 i(
61 55; Red Kidneys, $2 25©'2 50 per ctl. .
■> SEEDS— Brown - Mustard. $2 75@3 . per ctl;
Yellow Mustard $2@2 50; Flax, $2 35; Canary
1 Seed, 2U@2?4c. per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape,
i 2@2%ic; Hemp, 3c; Timothy, sV£c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 40® 1 65: Green, $1 6(
! @1 90 per ctl. ■ -■:
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Asparagus sold better under decreased re
ceipts. ' There were no other changes worth*
of note.
POTATOES— Rose, 65@75c; River Reds,
j 50@60c; River Burbanks, 60@75c per sack; Ore
1 gon Burbanks, 65(g95c; Salinas Burbanks are
| out; Petaluma Burbanks, 55@75c; Sweet Pota
j toes, 25@50c per ctl for Rivers and 65c@$l for
! Merced: new Potatoes, 3<?3>4c per lb. .■--■'
ONIONS— *2@2 50 per ctl: cut Onions. $I@l 25
per sack. - • ■ * ' '
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 177 boxes As-
I paragus, 411 boxes Rhubarb and 258 sacks Peas.
; Asparagus, 9@llc per lb for fancy, 7@Bc
■• for No. 1 and s@6c for So. 2; Rhubarb. 75c@
$1 25 per box; Alameda Green Peas, 3@4c per
lb; Mushrooms, 4©loc: Marrowfat Squash,
nominal: Dried Peppers. 6@7c per !b; Dried
Okra, 15c; Cabbage, 60ra73c per ctl; Carrots, 25
@60c per sack; Garlic, 3(54%c per ID.
Los Angeles String Beans, : Tomatoes,
$I@l 50; Green Peppers, per lb; Summer
Squash. ; Egg Plant, — - per lb; Cucum
bers, 50c@$l per dozen.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced raw, 12c per IT) In lots of 25
rbs; sliced dessicated, 16@18c; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new ISc;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 60c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern sold at $5 for Hens,
$5 50 for Ducks, $2 for Geese, $6 60 for young
Roosters and $7 for Fryers.
Local stock sold at the old figures as a rule.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@loc for Gob
blers and lOffjllc for Hens; dressed Turkeys,
12@13c per lb: Geese, per pair, $1 50©l 73:
Gcslinge, $2 25<£f2 75; Ducks, $4@5 for old and
$6 So©B for young: Hens, $3 50@4: Roosters,
young, ?6 50<§7 50; Roosters, old. $3 50f1>4; Fry
ers, $6@6 P0; Broilers, $5@6 50 for large. $3 50®
450 for small ; Pigeons, $2@2 25 per dozen for
young and $1 25*51 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
■ BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter and Eggs ruled steady at the ->rices of
the preceding day, save a slight advance In
store Eggs. .
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 17V4@18%c; sec
onds, lC@l7»4c
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 15@16c; second
grades, 14@14%c per Th.
Eastern Butter— Creamery, 16@16%c; ladle
packed, 14@15c per lt>.
CHEESE— mild new, 9c: common
to good, S@S^c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc; Young-
America, 10@llc; Western, ll@12c; Eastern,
12%@13>,<>c per It).
EGGS— Ranch Eggs,' 12@13 per dozen; store
Eggs, ll@l2c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Lemons and Limes are dull and weak. There
Is no change in Oranges.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 40<Q50c per box for common, 65&90 c
for good to choice and $I@l 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, $1 50®
2 75; Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mandarins, $I@l 25
for large and 50@75c for small boxes; Japanese
Mandarins. $I@l 50; Grape Fruit, $1 50@3 per
box; Lemons, 75c@$l for common and $1 25<a
1 75 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $4 50@5;
California Limes, in small boxes, 40<g60c; Ba
nanas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@4
per dozen.
! DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— carload lots. 3%@
4V4c for 40-50' s, 3V4@3V for 50-60's, 2%@3Uc
for 60-70's, 2V«@2%c for 70-SO's, l%(g2V*e for 80
i 90' a, lV4@l%c for 90-100"s; Peaches, 2Vi<3;4c;
i fancy, 4%@5e; peeled, 10@12%c; Apricots, s@6c
I for Royals and 7@7%c for good to fancy Moor
i [arks; Evaporated Apples, 6*i i g7 1 4c; sun-dried,
4@sc: Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2%c; Plums.
4%@4%c for pitted and l@l%c for unpitted;
bleached Plums, s@sWc; Nectarines, 406 c for
j prime to fancy; Pears, 2V£@4^c for quarters
and 3i&'s%c for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I 1 for two-crown, 3c for three
! crown. 3%e for four-crown, 4%c for I Seedless
i Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and Jl@
1 10 for London layers; dried grapes, 2%c.
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotable at Sc per
lt>; Walnuts, s®6c for hardshell and 6@7c for
eoftshell; Almonds, ; ! y : '3%c for hardshell. s@6c
for softshell and 7@Bc for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4®5%c for Eastern an* 4%c for California;
i Pecans,- 6^@Sc; Filberts, 8%-SlOc: Brazil Nuts,
I B<?f9c per lb: Cocoanuts, $4 50(55 per 100.
HONEY— Comb. B@loc for bright and off?
| 7c for lower grades; new water-white extract
ed. 4%ifsc; light amber extracted, 3%®4V4c
per tt>. . . __ : _j____
PROVISIONS.
There Is nothing going "on and the market is
rather weak than otherwise. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9V4c per lb for
heavy, 9%c for light medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and 12% c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. , 10%@llc; California
I Hams, We; Mess Beef, $9 per bbl; extra mess
! do, $10; family do, $11@12; Salt Pork, $'J; extra
prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18; mess, $16;
Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per lb.
LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7%c:
! California tierces, 5%c per lb for compound
I and 6%c for pure; half-barrels. 6%c: 10-lb tins.
7%c; do 5-lh. Sc.
COTTOLENE— 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— l-lb palls, 60 In a case, Svgc:
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 In a
case. SVic: 10-lb pails, 6 in. a case, S^c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are as weak and unsettled as they
have been of late, and each dealer quotes his
own prices.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers,'
10@10%c; medium. 9@9Hc; light. _ 9c; Cowhides, ]
9c; stags, 6c; salted Kip. 10c: "Calf, lie; dry
Hides, 16017 c; culls and brands, 13@13%0; dry
Kip and Veal, 13Vs@liy.c: dry Calf. 17'2<gl9V»e; j
culls, 16; Goatskins, 30@37%c each; Kids. s@loc; |
Deerskins, good summer, 25<f?30c per lb; me
dium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
20®30c each; short wool, 40 70c each; medium,
70ffj90c; long wools, 90c@$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3®3Hc per lb; No.
2, 2'S2Vic; refined. sc: Grease. 2@2«c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7©
9c: Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern. 12
@13c; do, defective, 9®llc per lb.
HOPS— OId crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and S@
10c for good; new crop. 11 14c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $10 per ton; New Welling
ton. $10; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5 50; Wallsend. $9; Scotch. $10; Cumberland, $10
In bulk and $11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $15; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Springs. Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60;
Coke. $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in sacks.
V SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6\c: Powdered. 6^c; Dry
Granulated, 5%c; Confectioners' A, 6%c; Mag
nolia A, 5%c: Extra C,5%c;- Golden C. sc;
Candy Granulated, 6%c;, California A. £i%c per
lb; half barrels %c more ; than barrels, and
boxes %c more. _____i_l_' '
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
.Dealers are talking- of another advance In
Beef. Mutton is steady. Hogs are weak.
Wholesale rates for -• dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: .
BEEF— quality,^e^®?^ second quality,
5V4@Cc; third quality. 4(gsc per lb.
VEAL— Large. 6@6^c; small, 7@7Vic per lb.
— Wethers, 9c; Ewes, BV»@9c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 10©llc per lb.
PORK— Hogs. 4%c for large, 4Vi©4',i.c
for small and 4%rffA\c for medium; stock Hogs,
3Q3Vjc; dressed Hogs, 6@7c per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, March 17.
Flour, ar sks ... 19,788 Lumber, ft ...... 20,000
Barley, ctls ..... 2,290 Wine, gals 39,300
Rye, ctls .... 460 Straw, tons ..... 28
Cheese, ctls 161 Hops, bales ..... 52
Butter, ctls 253 Wool, bales 92
Beans, sks ...... 23 1 Eggs, doz ...... 13.590
Potatoes, sks ... 3.7761 Pelts, bdls 1.605
Onions, sks 290 Lime, bbls - 240
Bran,' sks ... . 1,570 1 Raisins, bxs ..... 108
Middlings, sks .. " 65 Leather, rolls ... S7
Hay, tons 160 Hides, no -....;:. 446
- OREGON. .
Oats, ctls ........ 370|.. ........................
EASTERN. I .
Corn, pUs ....... 400|..i.....
■•■-•".■
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks ranged about the same, with
the exception of Occidental, which made, a fur
ther advance to $2 35.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has declared
a dividend of 5o cents per share, payable
April 1.
The Welsbach Light Company has declared a
dividend of $1 per share, payable March 25.
The South Swansea Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 5 cents per share,
amounting to $7Soii payable March 21.
The South Eureka Mining Company has re
elected the old management for 1898, with A.
Halsey as secretary.
The Alhambra Mining Company of Lyon
County, Nev., has levied an assessment of 6
cents per share, delinquent April 18.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THIfRSDAY, March 17—2 p. m.
Uid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 49% 51
I 46 quar coup.. ll. — Pac Gas Imp.. — 89%
I4s quar reg..Ho — Pae LCo 53% 54
. 4s quar new.. 121% — S F G & E.. 89% 90
Miscellaneous — San Fran 34i 4
I Cal-st Cab 58.115V4 — Stock Gas 10 —
! Cal El 6s 126H — Insurance—
IC C Wat 55...102V4103 Firems Fund. l9s —
i Dup-st ex c. — 98V> Bank Stocks—
i E L & P 65..12S 129 Anglo-Cal .... — 87
]F&Ch Rv 6s. — 117 Bank of Ca1.. 347 249
I Geary-st R ss. — 102 Cal SD & T.. — 104
IHC & S 5^.. 105 — First l.at ....200 —
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Do gntd 65. .100 — MerExchnge.. — 15
Market-st 55.. 127 — Nev Nat 8...155 —
Do Ist M 55.113Vi114 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 100 Ger S & L..1625 1665
NCNg Ry 7s.lO2'ii - Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65..111 Vi — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 55.. 102 Vi — S F Say U.. — 600
NPC R R 65.!04t — S&L So — 100
iNP CRy ss. 100% — Security S B 250 —
i N Cal R 55.. - - Union T Co. looo —
Oak Gi.s 55... 100 — Street Railroad-
Do 2d Is 55.. — 112 California ....108 —
Om Ry 6s 127Vi130 Geary 40 -
P & O 6s 110 — Market-st .... 52H&3
P&Ch Ry 6S.IOSVJ — Presidio 5V4 BVi
Powell-st 6s ..117V4 — Powder—
i Reno WL&L..IOO — California 110 —
! Sac ElecßySs. — 100 E Dynamite... 84 95
i S F & N P 55. 106 106 V« Giant Con Co. 41% -
S P of Ar 65. .104 104 V« Vlgorit 3Vi 3%
S P Cal 65.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
! SPC Is eg 55.. — ssn a! Pac Assn.. — 99
I S P Br 6s 112%113% Ger Ld Wks..loo 150
S V Wat 65... - 117% Hana P C 0... 20 —
I S V Wat 45...102V4102^ H C & S Co.. *Hfe 30<&
! Stock Gas 65.. — 103V4 Hutch S P Co. 46% 47
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 68 62V4 Nat Yin C 0... — 7H
Marin Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 58% sS<*
Spring Val ...101Vil01% Pac A F L.. IVi —
Gas & Slectnc— Pac Bor C 0... 97V4 —
Cent Gaslight. 98V4 — Par Paint Co. 7 —
MEL Co 13Vi 13%
Morning Session.
$10,000 Edison Light & Power Bonds 128 60
13 S F Gas & Electric Co W 25 *
90 do do 90 00
45 Market-street Ralrway 62 62V6
6 do do 62 60
R0 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 31 50
325 do do 31 62Vi
450 do do 31 75
220 Hutchinson S P Co 46 75
150 Vlgorit Powder 3 37%
Afternoon Session.
5 Spring Valley Water 10125
P2 S F Gas & Electric Co 90 00
50 Hutchinson S P Co 46 75
$20(i0 S P of A Bonds 104 25
I*) Vigorit Powder 3 25
30 Oceanic Steamship Co 58 00
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 30 87V4
25 do do 30 75
95 do do 30 62V4
300 do do 30 50
100 do do b 10 30 62V4
85 Giant Powder Con 42 00
5 Market-street Railway 52 62Vi
25 Pacific Lighting 54 00
Street —
$1000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 102 62%
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
2," Centra! Light & Power 8 62%
Street —
13 Market-street 62 75
Afternoon Session.
I SOO Vigorit Powder 3 37%
j 20 S F Gas & Electric 90 25
10 do do 90 37%
75 Hawaiian C & S Co 31 50
10 Bank of Cal 247 50
MINING SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Andes 12 100 Mexican 32
100 Best & Belcher 33 ; 3uo Occidental 2 23
; 300 Cnallenge 30'lOOPotosl 44
100 Confidence 731300 Sierra Nevada.. 1 25
200 Crown Point ... 151100 130
630 Gould & Curry.. 22 1 400 Union Con 39
200 20 100 40
300 Julia 03 500 Yellow Jacket.. 29
300 Justice 34
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 16 150 Occidental 2 30
100 Andes 10 100 2 35
10U Belcher 25 100 Ophir 44
400 26 100 Overman 11
100 Best & Belcher 32 200 Potosi 41
250 Chollar 47 500 Heg belcher 05
200 Con Cal & Va.. 70 600 Sierra Nevada.. l 15
600 Crown Point ... 14 100 Standard 1 fri
200 Exchequer 06 100 Utah 10
200 Gould & Curry.. 19 300 Yellow Jacket.. 27
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 25 00 Mexican 32
400 Best & Belcher 33 400 Potosi 44
SOO Bullion 11 200 43
300 Challenge 29 700 42
200 Chollar 54 300 Savage 26
600 52 700 Sierra Nevada.. l3o
£00 51 200 1 27'^
200 Con Cal & Va.. SO 330 125
100 79 200 1 22 1
100 Confidence ...*... 691200 120
200 701700 1 lit;,
1100 Gould & Curry. 20 350 1 if.
■00 19 300 117%
300 Julia 03 2iH) Union Con 38
400 Justice 34 200 37
1700 33 500 Yellow Jacket.. 30
1200 Mexican 34 . 300 29
300 331400 28
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 16 150 Occidental 2 35
ICO Best & Belcher 31 100 Ophir 44
100 32 200 Potosi 40
200 Caledonia 2S 350 Sierra Nevada. .110
300 Challenge 28 200 112%
400 Chollar 46 200 115
200 47 200 117%
200 Con Cal & Va.. 79 700 120
500 Gould & Curry.. 19 300 Union Con 36
2uo Justice 34)200 Utah 10
800 33700 Yellow Jacket.. 28
400 32 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, March 17—4 p. m.
Alpha 07 09 1 Julia 01 03
Alta 16 17 Justice 32 33
Andes 10 11 Kentuck 02 04
Belcher 25 26 Lady Wash .. — 03
Benton — IS Mexican 30 32
Best & Belchr. 31 32 Occidental ....2 35 —
Bullion 10 12 Ophir 43 45
Caledonia 28 30 Overman 10 12
Chollar 47 4S Potosi 40 42
Con Cal & Va. 78 8(1 Savage 24 26
Challenge 25 29 Seg Belcher .. 05 06
Confidence 65 70 Scorpion 06 —
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra -.evada.l 20 125
Crown Point ..13 14 Sliver Hill 02 04
Con New York. 01 02 Syndicate 01 05
Eureka — 25 Standard —1 6J
Exchequer .... 06 07 Union Con .... 36 37
Gould & Curry. 19 20 Utah 09 10
Hale & Norcrs.l 35 I<o Yellow Jacket. 28 29
BEAL, ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary J. Farran to Robert D. Cranston, lot on
E line of Cole street, 37:6 S of Page, S 25 by
E 106:3; $10.
Mary A. and Eugene N. Fritz to Katie W.
Healey (wife of R. J.), lot on W line of Ma
sonic avenue, 368:2 S of Frederick street;
thence S and SW along Masonic avenue 10
SW 116:5%, N 65:1%. E 100; JlO.
David D. Houston (by J. K. Moore, attor
ney,) to Jacob R. Hibbets, MB 5, bounded N
by Market street. S by Mission, E by Tenth
and W by Eleventh, quitclaim deed; 12000,
George T. Hawley to John P. and Mary
Courter, lot on W line of Valencia street, 55 N
of Eighteenth. N 50 by W 100; also lot on N
line of Eighteenth street, 100 W of Valencia,
W 35:6 by N 105: $10.
John P. and Mary Courter to George T. Haw
ley, same (2 descriptions); $10.
Anna E. Iburg to Herman E. Iburg, undi
vided 1-21 of following: Lot on W line of Capp
street, 120 N of Twenty-third, N 40 by W 122:6;
also lot on S line of Germanla street, 81:3 W
of Fillmore, S 50 by W 25; also lot on NE cor
ner of Herman and Steiner streets, N 48 by E
80: also 1-21 interest in e3tate of William M.
lburg. No. 17,406; also property in outside coun
ties; $10.
John and Maria Englsch to Richard P.
Burns, lot on N line of Thirtieth street, 180 E
of Noe. E 25 by N 114: $10.
Julius Platshek to Jane Riley. lot on NW
corner of Eddy and Leavenworth streets, W
40 by N 87:6; $10.
Mary Santz to Hannah T. Weitner (wife of
Anton), Clara M. Sheridan (wife of M. P.)
and Michael T. Hanlon. lot on NW line of
Welsh street, SO SW of Fourth, SW 25 by NW
75: gift.
Thomas Fallon to Kate Fallon, lot on W cor
ner Folsom and Moss streets. NW 80 by SW 55;
gift.
James S. and Catherine T. Bunnell to Thomas
J. and Ellen A. McCreagh, lot on E line of
Fifteenth avenue, 200 N of Clement street, N
25 by E 127:6: $10.
Same to Julius E. and Kate E. Pomeroy, lot
on E line of Fifteenth avenue, 175 N of Clem
ent street, N 25 by E 127:6; $10.
Castro Land Company to Frank Smith, lot
IS. blook 4. subdivision 1. Castro Street Addi
tion: $10.
California Title Insurance and Trust Corn
pan v to same, lot in. block 4. name; $10.
Frank Smith to Elizabeth Smith, lots 18 and
19. blocfc 4, same: gift.
John F. Kyxbee to Jeremiah W. Sullivan,
lots 16 and 17. block 11. College Homestead As
sociation: $1.
Alexander Badlam to Mary Badlam, all prop
erty in San Francisco County; also outside
counties: gift.
Wolf and Rosa Bloom to Martin Frank, lot
on N line of Golden Gate avenue. 70 W of Lar
kin street, W S.V9 by N 137:6: $10.
Lester K. Wells to Emma F. Wells, let on
N line of Jackson street. 30 W of Maple, W 30.
N 139 to Government Reserve, thence to a point
30 feet W of Mnple street, S 141: $10.
Martin Bulger to Mary A. Bulger, lot on SE
corner of Twenty-fourth and Bartlett streets.
E 30 by S 100: also lot on E line of Ashbury
street, 315:3 S of Waller, S 27 by E 186:3; gift.
Wenceslao Loalza to Dolores P. de Loaiza.
lot on SW ■ corner of Washington and Taylor
streets. S 82:6 by W 137:6: gift.
Augusta Asch. Albert. Bessie and Martin S.
Levy to Dora Levy, lot on SE line of Tehama
street. 230 NE of Third, NE 25 by SE SO; also
lot on SE line of Tehama street. 205 NE of
Third. NE 25 by SE SO: also leasehold of lot
on SE line of Clementina street, 160 SW of
Fifth, SW 45 by SE 75. quitclaim deed; $10.
George and Lizzie Wirth to G. W. Grayson,
W. J. Owen and J. W. Phillips (Grayson.
Owen &- Co.). lot on NW corner of X street
and Twenty-sixth avenue. W 32:6 by N 100: $10.
A. K. P. Harmon and Etta Harmon Edwards
to Jacob Meyers, lot on N line of N street, 132:6
W of Tenth avenue. W 25 by N 100; $10.
O. B. and Rosa Rovegno to Andrea Rovegno.
lots 14 and 15. block A, Getzs Addition to
Lakevlew; $10.
Estate of Charles E. Blake Sr. (Incompetent) :
(by Laura H. Blake, guardian) to Mary Beck,
lot on S line of Ajrmy street. 200 E of Folsom. :
S 181:0%. E 25, N 179:9%, W 25:0%. P. V. lands:
$500.
Laura H. Blake (wife of Charles E.) to same,
same; $10.
Same to Caroline Cusick (wife of N. J.), lot |
on S line of Army street, 175 E of Folsom. S
182:3%. E 25, N 181:0%, W 25:0%, P. V. lands;
$10.
Estate of Charles E. Blake (incompetent)
(by Laura H. Blake, guardian) to Mrs. N. J. i
Cusick. same: $500.
Same to John P. and Frederick H. Cosgrove,
lot on 8 line of Army street. 100 E of Folsom, !
S 156:0%, E 25. N 184:9%. W 25:0%. P. V. lands:
al9o lot on S line of Army street, 150 E of Fol- !
bori, S 183:6%, E 25, N 152:3%, \V 25:0%, P. V. i
lands; $1000.
Laura H. Blake (wife of Charles E.) to same,
same (two descriptions): $10.
Sunnyside Land Company and California
Title Insurance and Trust Company to William
A. Hicks, lot 2, block 47. Sunnyside: $10.
John C. and Mary F. Robinson to W. H. Mc-
Laughlin, lot on W line of Prospect street. 221
S of Coso avenue, S 60 by W 122:6; $10.
Estate of Daniel Driscoll (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to E. N. Forello or Torello. lot
on W line of Clinton street. 300 S of Berkshire. ;
S 25 by W 100, lot 17, block 5, Mission and
Thirtieth, etc.; $100.
Alameda County.
Caroline Gaudin to John Lacoste. lot on SE
corner Maxwell Tract and 100 foot right of way
Northern Railway; thence NE 721, SE
2>. fci\\ ♦80.86, Sfc, 169.50. S\V 255.24. NW 191:10.
to beginning; also lot on SW corner of Maxwell
Tract and 100 foot right of way Northern
Railway; thence SW 146.62 chains, to State
Tide Line: ihence SE 1a1.33, NE 158.92, NW
190 65. to beginning. Oakland Township; $10.
Orin B. and Bertha Frisble to Will E. Fris
bie. lot on S line of Thirty-fifth street, 234
W of Telegraph avenue, W 9 by S 119:10. being
portion Brown Tract; also lot on S line ot
Walton street. 243 W of Telegraph avenue. W
20 by S 119:10. being portion same. Oakland; $10.
John W. Ledgett to Thomas Ledgett. lot on
S line of Fourth street, 100 W of Castro. W 60
by S 100. being lots 12 and 13, block 25, Oak
land; $10.
Anna H. and Edward H. Morgan to Sarah M.
Fiirnlss, lot on N line of Fourteenth street, 140
W of West, W 50 by N 103:9. being lot 14. block
A. Oakland Homestead Association, Oakland;
$10.
S. T. and Martha E. Alexander to J. T.
Norrby, lot on W line of Filbert street, 175
N of Sixteenth. N 60 by W 125, block 695. Oak
land; $10.
Samuel Breck to Aujelette Breck, lots 1, 2
and 3, block A, lots 11 and 12, block B, Armes
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Same to Aujelette J. Breck. lot on NE line i
of East Twelfth street, 60 NW of Nineteenth I
avenue, NW 100 by NE 140, being lots 7 to 10,
block 11. San Antonio, East Oakland; $10.
A. M. and Mary C. Benham to J. N. Ben
ham, lot 99, Drexler Tract, Oakland Annex:
$10.
James and S. L. Edgar to Edward D. Har
mon, land beginning at SE corner of lands of
James Edgar, by deed of March 22, 1869, thence
SW 450:8 to E line of College avenue, thence
N to a point NE 380.51, SE 156 to beginning,
being portion of Vicente Peralta Reservation.
Oakland Annex: $10.
H. P. and Helen E. Llvermore to Bradford
Investment Company. 9.05 acres, being subdi
vision 47, Rock Ridge, East Oakland; $10.
Joseph and Jane Brandensteln to Lizzie O.
Hill (wife of James B.). lot on S line of Santa
Clara avenue. 74:7 E of Second avenue, "W 34:8,
S 148, E 34:8, Is 118 to beginning. Alameda;
$10.
Agnes McGulness to D. V. B. Henarle, lot
on S line of Encinal avenue, 100 E of Willow
street, E 50 by S 150, being lot 16, block H,
Pioneer Homestead Association, except a strip
10 feet for widening Encinal avenue, Alameda;
$10.
M. F. Focha and Frank Rogers to Joseph
Enos, lot 27. block B. Buena Ventura Tract,
Slap 2, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Edward D. and Helen Harmon to James Ed
gar, lot on S line of Woolsey street, 150 E of
Calais. E 50 by S 135. being lot 14, block F,
Harmon Tract, Berkeley: $10.
John G. and Ellen Kauffmann to August Zep
perntek. lot on E line of Second street, 100 N
of Camella, N 55 by E 133, being lots 36 and 37.
block 29, Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town
Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
Angeline H. Triplett to Martha D. Hume,
lot on E line of Ellis street, 75:3 S of Russell,
S 50 by E 120. being the N 50 feet of lot 98.
block 10, lands of Regent Street Homestead
Association. Berkeley; $10.
Patrick J. Murphy to Jane Lloyd, 4 acres
j bounded E by right of way of W. P. R. R. Co.,
S by High street and NW by Union street.
Town of Irvtngton, Washington Township; $10.
Edward M. Buckley to Rita G. Buckley, lots
1 to 6. block 625, Oakland; gift.
Bernadena and Joseph Kliegel to Annah
Croft, lot on W line of Center street. 204:6 S
of Fifth, S 24:6 by W 145:7, block E, Bay View
Homestead. Oakland: $10.
E. P. and Vivian P. Vandercook to Elizabeth
B. Thomson, lots 8. 9, 10, 14 to 20. block 1, lots
10 and 11, block 5, lots 11 and 12. Mock 6, East
Oakland Heights. East Oakland: $10.
Charles E. Wilson to same, lots 1, 2, 18 and 19
and E >i of lot 3, block 4, and all of block 7,
East Oakland Heights, East Oakland: $10.
Gertrude S. and Charles P. Eells to John L.
N. Shepard. lot on W line of San Pablo ave
nue, 1 rod N from N bank of Temescal Creek,
thence SW 330. N 34, NE ISO, N 16. NE 150, SE
50 to beginning, Oakland Township: $10.
Martha D. Hume to Margaret D. Welghel,
lot on E line of Ellis street, 75:3 S of Russell.
S nn by E 120. block 10, lands of Regent Street
Homestead Association. Berkeley: $10.
J. L. and Mary C Barker to A. M. Ewing.
lot on N line of Carlton street. 293.05 W of
Grove, W 30 by N 130 ; block G, Crystal Springs
Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Edward McGee to Annie McGee, lots 13 and
14. block 27. I. M. Wentworth Boot and Shoe I
Company's Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Aaron B. Osgood to Edward T>. Judd. lot on
N linf of Buena Vista avenue. 100 W of Sher
i man street, W 50 by N 125. being lots 7 and 8, j
'■ block B. map of 144 lots in Page Tract. Ala
mert.i, quitclaim deed; $1.
Alexander Nevander to Sophie Nevander, lot
: on N line of Second street. 75 E of Webster, E !
27 by N 100. block 16, Oakland : also lot on NW |
line of Fourteenth avenue. 117.39 SW of East
Twenty-fourth street. SW 38.78. NW 167.84, NE
28. SE 70. NE 9. SE 109.45. to beginning, block
141. Clinton, East Oakland: gift.
Charles P. Jr. and Mac L. Troy to Leah F. j
Mott. lot on the W corner of East Twenty- j
eighth street and Thirteenth avenue. NW 168, :
SW 172.14. SE 199.06. NE 178.10. to beginning,
being lot 31. Temnleton Tract. East Oakland:
also lot on N T E line of East Eleventh street.
100 NW of Ninth avenue. NW 100 by NE 150,
block 34, Clinton, subject to mortgage, East
Oakland: $10.
L. C. and Miriam Morehouse to John Glllam,
lot 219, Rose Tract, Brooklyn Township; $5.
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS.
Rosa de Martini (owner) with N. Forni (con
tractors), architects, William Mooser & Son.
Excavating, cribbing, concrete and artificial
stone work for a 3-story and basement frame
building of 4 flats and 1 store on SE corner of
Dupont and Filbert streets, S 23:6 by E 60;
$1000.
David Behrend (owner) with William Plant
(contractor), architect. Thomas J. Welsh. All
work except painting and varnishing for a I
story attic and basement frame building on
N line of Henry street. 17S E of Castro, N 115
by E 26. MB US: $1825.
Mrs. M. Heilman (owner) with R. J. Pavert
(contractor), architect, Charles M. Rousseau.
All work for a 2-story frame building (flats) on
NW line of Brannan street, 105 SW of Sixth,
SW 25 by NW 75: $3450.
THE CALL Ci-ENDAR.
March. 1898.
Mo
1
We
2
Moon's Phases.
©Full Moon,
Mar SI
Quarter
Vii Mar. U.
10
IT
14
21
28
16
22
16
■
23
M
jC\ New Moon,
W Mar. 22.
I*
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
San Francisco Harbor Light Vessel No. 70.
Notice is hereby given that on or about April
7 18MS. Steam Light Vessel No. 70 will be es
tablished, in from 18 to 20 fathoms of water,
about 41-.4 1 -. miles outside of the bar off the en
trance to . an Francisco Harbor. 12^ miles SW
% \V from Fort Point Lighthouse, and on the
range line marked by Fort Point light and
Alcatraz light.
The vessel will show, simultaneously from
three lens lanterns encircling each masthead.
a fixed white light for 5 seconds, followed by
an eclipse of 10 seconds* duration, thus:
Fixed Fixed
Hght Eclipse Ite nt _ Eclipse^
5 sec. ■ 10 sec. 5 sec. 10 sec.
In each lens lantern there will be a 100-can
dle power incandescent electric light The
focai plane Ol the lights will be 57 reet above
the sea, and the lights will be visible 13 miles
in clear weather, the observer's eye 15 feet
above ths sea.
Xote — If the electric light apparatus should
become Inoperative, the lights will be fixed
white without eclipses, and will be less bril
liant than the electric lights.
The vessel has a flush deck, two masts,
schooner rigged, and has no bowsprit; she has
a smokestack and a fog signal between the
masts. At each masthead, under the lens lan
terns, there is a circular gallery. The hull is
painted red. with "San Francisco Harbor" in
large white letters on each side, and "70" In
white on each bow.
During thick or foggy weather a 12-Inch
steam chime whistle will sound blasts of two
seconds" duration, separated by silent Inter
vals of 13 seconds, thus:
Silent Silent
J3last_ interval^ Blast Jnterval
2~sec~ 13 sec. 2 sec. 13~i>ec.
The approximate geocraphical position of the
veMsel. as taken from chart No. 5581 of the
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey is:
Latitude, North 37 deg 44 mm 27 sec
Longitude, West. 122 deg 43 mm
Bearings of prominent objects from the pro
posed position of the vessel, as taken from the
above-named chart, are:
Bonita Point Lighthouse, NE % E
Cliff House, NE by E \ E. easterly.
Ocean Side House. ENE % E. easterly.
Tangent to Ballenas Point N by W W.
San Francisco Outside Bar Whistling Buoy-
On the same date this buoy, black and white
perpendicular strips and marked "S. F." lo
cated about ZVi miles NE % E from the pro
posed position of the vessel, will be permanent
ly discontinued.
Bearings are magnetic and given approxi
mately; miles are nautical miles.
This notice affects the list of Lights a«
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 189.. page U
No 1004, and the List of Beacons and Buoyl
Pacific Coast. 1596, page 17 B y order of Ut
Lighthouse Board W. S. SCHLEI,
Commodore. V. S. Navy. Chairman.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographk
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. U
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit trie
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. is
published the same day by the afternoon
papers, and by the morning papers the follow
ing day. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., In charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MARCH— IB9B.
Friday, March 18.
Bnn rises 0:06
Sun sets ....6:10
Moon rises 3:55
JTnmeL eet Tlmel
IL Wi H~W
1 .-
NOTE— In the above expos iApn of the tides
the early morning tides are glyen In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column grlves th«
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — } precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlva from
the depth given by the charts.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
waemenaw
Pomona.
TJmatiJla
Samoa — - ....
Empire.........
Weeott... .....
Arcata
Homer
Burma
Mackinaw
Valencia
Crescent City..
North Forte....
Columoia
Bristol
Belg-ic
Santa Rosa
Colon
City Puebia.. .
Coos Bay
State 01 Cai
Tacoma. ...
San Diesro
Victoria & Pueet Sna. ....
Humboldt
Coob Bay.,
Humboldt
Coos Bay _ -
Humbodlt ........
Nan.'iiiro
Tacoma
Alaska
Crescent City
Humooiclt
Portland
Departure Bay
China and Japan
San Dle?o
Panama
Victoria and Pvuret Sound
Newport
Poruana
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. ! Destination!
Sails.
PornoDa
Arcata
Dirlso
Homer
Samoa
Weeott
Umatllla ..
Columbia..
China
Moana
North Pork
Santa Rosa
Valencia...
Bay..
of Cal
Newport
Portland
Panama......
San Diego
Coos Bay
Alaska
Humbolat
Humboldt
Humbldt Bay.
Vie & Ptrt Snd
Portland
Chlna&Japan.
Australia
Humboldt....
San Dle*o
Alaska
Mar 18. 9 am
Mar 18. 10 am
Mar 13. 12 M
Mar 20. 11 ah
Mar 20. 10 am
Mar 21. 4pm
Mar 21.10 am
Mar 22. 9am
Mar 22. 9 am
Mar 22. 10 am
M.ir '.'2. 10 AM
I Mar 23. 1 PM
Mar 23. 2 r.M
Mar SS. U am
Mar U. 11 AM
Mar 25
Pier li
Pier 24
PM S3
Pier 11
Pier U
Pier 3
Pier 9
jPler U
Pier 9
Pier 2i
PM SS
Pier 7
Pier 2
Pier 11
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, March
17, IS9B.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. CJreen
wich time. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
_•>. .; *.. ': , ..-.'-■ Thursday, Anarch 17.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson, 18 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Schr J G "Wall, BJornstrom. 8% days from
Astoria. ■
Schr Annie Laxsen, White, 9 days from Ta
coma.
CLEARED.
Thursday, March 17.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; ■ Goo^-^fT,
Perkins & Co. ! f ,
Stmr State of California, Green, Astor^l ;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Alex Duncan, Shea, San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, March 17.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Glelson, southern coast.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Walla Walla, Victoria and Port Towns
end. .
Stmr Geo Lbomls, Brldgett, Ventura.
Bktn S G Wilder, Man. , Honolulu.
Schr Novelty, Rosendall, Grays Harbor.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, Flsks Mill.
Schr Albion, Christiansen, Coqullle River.
Schr Bobolink, Nelson.
Schr Guide, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Lizzie Prien, Hansen Coquille River.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel, Mendoclno.
Schr Chas R Wilson. Johnson. Grays Harbor.
■ Schr Webfoot, Donnelly, Coos Bay.
Schr La Chilena, Campbell, Fort Ross.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Alhoa, Dabel. Honolulu.;
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. March 17, 10 p. m,— Weather,
clear; wind; NW; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Andrew Welch and C D Bryant load
mdse for Honolulu; Czar, mds« for Mazatlan
and San Bias; Edward May, mdse for Vladlvo-
I stock. ' - - .
The Falkirk loads wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope, 30s: Puritan, wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 33s 9d.
SPOKEN.
March 2— Lat 45 N, long 30 W. Br ship Olive
bank, hence Oct 27, for Queenstown.
Jan 4— Lat 30 S, long 27 W, ship St Francis,
from Tacoma. for Plymouth.
Jan 25— 29 N. long 23 W, Br bark Lady
Wentworth, from Portland, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENEME— SaiIed March Schr Glen, for
Portland.
SAN DIEGO — Sailed March 17— Ship Louis
Walsh, for Tacoma. .
■ EUREKA— Arrived March Stmr - Fulton,
hence March 16.
Sailed March Schr Mabel Gray, for New
port: schr Lottie Carson, for Newport: schr
Seven Sisters, for San Francisco: stmr Weeott,
for San Francisco: stmr Westport. for . •
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived March 17— Sc?r\\
Monterey, hence March 16. '*l ***•
REDONDO— SaiIed March 17— Schr John x * V.
Miller, for . I
ASTORIA— SaiIed March 17— Br ■ bark Ross
shire. Br ship Auckland, for Queenstown: schr
Orient .for San Francisco. . -- . _■ -. .
Arived March 17— Schr Lettetia. hence March
2: schr Hattie I Phillips, hence March 7.
SEATTLE — Arrived March 17— Stmr Rival,
from Orca: stmr Scotia, from Dyea.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March Schr Helen
N Klmball. for Grays Harbor.
ALBlON— Arrlvd March 17— Stmr Cleone. he
March 16. • . . .
USAL— Sailed March 17— Stmr Greenwood, for
San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived March 17— Stmr Newsboy, frm
Redondo.
PORT BLAKELET— SaiIed March 17— Bktn
Gleaner, for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived March Stmr Dora, fm
Unalaska. - - ■>-'-
Sailed March "tmr Hermosa. ; for Dyea.
V VENTURA— March Schr Esther
Buhne. from Eureka.
COOS BAY— Sailed March 17-Stmrs Arcata
and Empire, for . San Francisco. >
E." STERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— March 16— Stmr
Illinois, for San Francisco.
>. .■■ FOREIGN PORTS.
SWANSEA— SaiIed March 16— Br ship Wen
dur, for Santa Rosalia. •  ..'...■
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed March 17— bark
Troop, for. Swansea; Br ship Plnmore, for Blrk
enhead. WBKy»qp3afctei>aajßMaW4[
FALMOUTH - Sailed March 17— Br shin
Sutherlandshire. for Havre. : . : - .
AUCKLAND— Arrived March 17— Stmr Marl
posa. hence Feb 25. .....•■
DUNGENESS— P- ,ed March 16— Br- ship
Queen Martraret. from Portland, for Dunkirk
DUNKIRK— SaiIed March 15— Br ship Andnra
for Liver"— l.
PERNAMBUCO — Arrived March' 16 — Stmr
Klihu Tnompson. from Baltimore, for San
Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived ' March 16— Br ship
Anaurus. hence Nnv 5: Br ship Merioneth hnc
Nov 11: Nor ship Hiawatha, from Portland.
I KINRALE— Passed March 16— Br ship Craig
more, hence Oct • 19. for Queens-town: Nor ship
Hiawatha, from Portland, ; for Queenstown ; Br
ship Silb^rhorn. from Victoria, for London •"■
. HONGKONG— SaiIed March 16— Br stmr '■-■ '- :;
press of Jn^an.' for Vancouver. ■ I i^J
TENERIFFE— Arrived .- March 15-Br IfiWv
Alpoa. from . Tacoma. ' for St Vincent. '■> 'W >
QUENSTOWN— SaiIed March 16— Br ship Jas
Kerr. for- — -...'. ...--.:...
YOKOHAMA— March . 15— Stmr Peru, J
for San Francisco. ■ •• ■
VALPARAISO— Arrived March Stmr Mor
gan City, from New York, for San Francisco.
DUNGENES8 — M.-mm- 16— Oer ship *
Renee Rlckmers. , f rom Portland, for Dunkirk.
HULL— Arrived » March 17— Br : bark Llndley,
, hence Sept 15..^ 'DRIVEN TO
MURDER BY
JEALOUSY
Joseph Moffett Had
Doubts About His
Wife.
Shot Her and Made an
Attempt to Kill Her
Daughter.
Domestic Relations Strained by
Quarrels About Money
Matters.
ALSO ATTEMPTS SUICIDE.
Had Often Threatened the Man He
Believed Wrecked His
Home,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, March IT.
Maddened by jealousy and despond
ent because of business troubles. Jo-
seph 11. Moffett murdered his wtfe, shot
himself, probably fatally, tried t j shoot
hie '.;\<T-daughter and undoubtedly In*
ew*-«i to also take the life of W. K.
Davis. The would-be triple murderer
and suicide is still alive, though death
is expected at any time.
The tragedy occurred in the rear of a
little house at 570 San Pablo avenue, and
no one witnessed it except Moffett. The
causes leading up to it were jealousy and
business troubles. There is much doubt
as to how deep were the grounds for tho
jealousy felt by Moffett, but the story
told this afternoon by ex-Mayor Chap
man, whom Moffett took into his confi
■-. throws much light on the murder.
"I have known Moffett for about ten
y^-ars," said Mr. Chapman. "About four
months ago he returned from a trip to
the country and he told me when he
came back he found a man in his home.
His wife said he was a boarder, and he
remonstrated and said he was. not keep
ing a boarding house. He ordered the
lodger, a bicycle agent named Davis, to
leave, and paid him $4 which his wife said
she owed him. He told me he was satis
fled that his wife and Davis were too
friendly, and he remained in an adjoining
room OB one occasion when his wife
thought he was out. Davis and Mrs. Mof
fett wt-re in the room, and he satisfied
himself that all was not right. He told
his wife that Davis must make no more
visit.-; to the house. Moffett told his wife
that he would kill Davis if he came
around the house any more. I advised
him to do no shooting, as there was no
pr<>at proof of Davis" cr'me, and he had
no moiit-v with which to defend himself.
Ho finally said he would do nothing to
anybody without first dlscussin- the mat
ter with me.
"Last night I met Moffett on .San Pablo
avenue. He was very downhearted and
said he had made up his mind what to do,
and said he did not want me to interfere
with him. I advised him to go away and
forget his troubles, and he said he would
not be driven out of his house by any man
living. Before we parted I counseled him
not to be foolish."
Mrs. Dora Guernsey is a daughter of
Mrs. Moffett by a former husband and
lived at the house on San Pablo avenue.
She went with her mother last night to
attend a meeting of Modern Trojans, of
which order they are members. When
they came horn'; Moffett was very gloomy
and" after retiring to the bedroom he and
his wife quarreled over business matters.
"I heard all they ." said Mrs. Guern
sey, this afternoon, "and Moffett told my
mother she was getting too much out of
a little house they were paying for on the
Installment plan. My mother said that
her dressmaking business produced more
money than Moffett's work as a carpen
ter, and after a time my mother became
hysterical. Moffett then called for me
and I quieted her and remained with her
all night. This morning my mother went
out to the back porch to get some kin
dling. Moffett followed her and I heard
two shots. As I rushed out Moffett tried
to shoot me and chased me through the
house. The revolver would not fire and
that saved my life. I screamed after
reaching the street and went back with
some people. As we did so I heard an
other shot and when we reached the
porch my mother was breathing her last
and Moffott lay boside her."
W. E. Davis, the man of whom Moffett
told Mr. Chaiiman he had cause to be
jealous, denies that there was any occa
sion for jealousy on the part of SCoffett
He says they all belonged to the Modern
Trojans, and he sometimes came borne
with the ladies. He says he boarded with
the Moffetts simply to assist them, as
they were cramped financially.
"I heard that Moffett was making
threats to shoot me," said Davis, "and
I spoke to him about it. He denied it,
but said he did not want me around the
house as he did not want the neighbors
to bring his wife's good name into dis
repute. I told him to do his shooting In
my store and not to go around talking.
I have done nothing of which I am
ashamed, and believe all the trouble be
tween Moffett and his wife was over
business matters."
Moffett is CO years old, his wife 48. and
they were married twelve years ago in
Nebraska. Since coming to Oakland Mrs.
Moffett has done a good dressmaking
business. Moffett was always regarded
as a good workman and quiet citizen,
and was an active member of the Car
penters' Union when It existed in this
Will Hold a Grand Reunion.
What promises to be one of the most
successful outings of the coining season
Is the picnic which is to b*> held at Sun
set Park, in the banta Cruz Mountains,
on Saturday, May 21, by the members of
the congregation of St. Dominic's Church.
It has been twenty-six years since the
parishioners of this church have been
given a reunion in t-e way of a picnic,
and the coming event is looked forward
to with delight and pleasurable anticipa
tion.
The following gentlemen have been
given entire charge of tne affair, and con
stitute the committee of arrangements:
J. B. Mclntyre, 'j...omas Martin, George
M. Keely, E. J. Dollard, H. J. McGlnnis,
D. Callagban, Charles J. Heggerty, A. W.
Dollard, Kd Rock, E. Kenny, J. Mc-
Manus, William Leach, D. Sherrin, A.
Gibbons, W. Larry, E. Myrick. T. B. Mc-
Ginnls. James McAuliffe, M. Farrell, P.
J. McKeon, P. x razler. R. O'Connor. R.
C. O'Connor, J. Murray, P. Deegan, John
Doherty, J. McKenna, M. Higgins Wil
liam O'Neill, Thomas O'Brien, Charles
Keogh, D. Cornfoot, A. McKay. Thomas
O'Neill, J. Murphy, D. A. White, J.
White, M. HalW. J. Sherrin, P. Daly. J.
Ryan, J. McGinnis, J. Deely, P. Doran.
TAKING TROUT SPAWN.
Fish Commissioners Begin Opera
tions at Several of the Hatch
eries.
The California State Fish Commission
has laid out considerable work for itself
and the deputies for the next few months.
This is in taking trout spawn at several
of the bip lakes and streams. Deputies
E. W. Hunt and assistants left last even
ing to open the hatcheries at Lake Tahoe
and Lake Tallae. These hatcheries will
be run to their full capacity during the
trout season, and the commission will
keep several active deputies on patrol
along the iakes and the adjacent streams
until the season opens. Trout are pro
tected under the State law until April 1,
but the fish in these lakes spawn much
later than in the lower streams and
waters where the temperature is warmer.
In order to give the desired protection to
the trout the Boards of Supervisors of
El 1 orado and Placer counties have
passed special ordinances under which
trout, cannot be taken until June 1. The
flsh will thus be doubly protected, and
there is no fear that the State's officers
will not have plenty of help and support
in enforcing the two sets of laws.
The commission has also set traps in
Mears and Hazel creeks, near Sims, on
the Sacramento River, in order to take
rainbow trout. The spawn will be "eyed"
at Sims and then transferred to the Sis
son hatchery. The board will open the
hatchery on Shovel Creek, also known as
MR. AND MRS. J. H. MOFFETT.
the Klamath Hot Springs station, and
spawning will begin at that point at
once. The commissioners expect a large
take of egss this year, as the dam on
the Klamath River at Pokegama has
been provided with a new fish ladder
which works nicely.
HIS COUNTRY COMES FIRST.
Colonel S. S. Wright Withdraws His
Resignation Pending a War
With Spain.
Colonel Seldon S. Wright, commanding
i the Sixth Regiment, N. G. C, has with
| drawn his resignation from the office of
j the adjutant-general at Sacramento. The
' resignation of Colonel Wright was ten
dered last January on his determination
to go to Klondike with a party from
, Fresno. Since that period, however, the
sinking of the Maine In Havana changed
the complexion of things from a military
standpoint, and, as Colonel Wright puts
i it, the duty of every "soldier should be to
■ his country first and the Klondike second.
! Anticipating that the National Guard
■■ might be called into active service, he at
! once telegraphed the adjutant-general
to withhold forwarding his resignation to
the commander-in-chief. Governor Budd.
This request was complied with and the
i withdrawal of his resignation followed.
; He Is now in active command of his regi
ment, with headquarters at Fresno, and
ready and willing to take the field againnt
I Spain or any other country that may seek
' to have a "brush" with Lncle Sam.
I His Intention to resign his command
1 and proceed to Klondike is still in his
i mind and will be carried out as soon as
; the threatened war is settled one way or
; the other.
McINTOSH MUST PAY.
Forty-five Thousand Dollars His As
sessment on Stock of an In
solvent National Bans.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday gave judgment for $45,000 in
favor of the plaintiff in the case of
Charles H. Baker vs. Angus Mclntosh.
Baker is receiver for the insolvent Mer
chants' National Bank of Seattle. An
assessment of J<s per share was levied on
the stock of the bank by the Comptroller
of the Currency. Mclntosh held 600 shares
of the stock, and Judge Morrow's aeci
sion is that he must pay the assessment,
which amounts to 146,000, together with
interest at 7 per cent from May 16, 1596,
and costs.
It is understood that the case will be
appealed to the United States Circuit
Court of Appeals.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
ANXIOUS TO
ATONE FOR
HIS CRIME
"Wm. Brearwood Sur
renders Himself to
the Police.
Says He Is "Wanted in
Baltimore for Em
bezzlement.
Claims He Robbed His Em
ployers of a Large Sum
of Money.
WANTS A SPEEDY TRIAL.
Willing to Return to the Scene of
His Crime and Pay the Penalty
of His Rash Act.
Penniless and hungry and anxious to
make atonement for his crime William
Brearwood, who Is wanted in Balti
more for embezzling $2SOO, surrendered
himself to the police last night. About
a week ago Brearwood arrived In this
city and proceeded to have a "good
time," as he expressed it.
He visited several notorious resorts in
the tenderloin district, with the result
that in a short time he found himself
penniless. Knowing that the police
were after him he concluded to sur
render himself in the hope of getting
off with a light sentence.
"I guess I'm up against it," he re
marked in the office of the Chief of Po
lice last night, "all I want is to be
taken back to Baltimore.
"I know I did wrong and I am now
willing to suffer the consequences of
my crime."
To Chief Lees Brearwood said he was
the confidential agent of a firm in
Baltimore, and in an evil moment he
pocketed the day's receipts, amounting
to $2800. He lost a small portion of the
money playing poker, and rather than
! face his employers he determined to
| skip out. After wandering about the
] country for some time he decided to
! come to San Francisco in the hope that
i his identity would not be known.
After arriving here he had consider
; able money, and meeting a friend, they
; proceeded to do the tenderloin. Brear
i wood fell in love with one of the deni
zens of that delectable quarter, and in
| a short time she succeeded in getting
; all his money. Realizing his sad plight,
: he appealed to her to give him at least
sufficient money to get out of town, but
she positively refused. Despondent and
[ without money to buy food, Brearwood
last night visited police headquarters
and asked to-be locked up.
To-day the Chief of Police of Balti
more will be notified of his detention in
the City Prison.
THREATENED TO
CHOKE A CHILD
Mrs. Eva Beaglehole of Reno
Arrested on a Serious
Charge.
She Is Accused of Inhuman Treat
ment to Her Little Fester
Daughter.
.. . - ■ -". ... ■■
Mrs. Eva Beagiehole, a prepossessing
woman of about 30 years of age, was ar
rested last night by Officer 11. »McMurray
on a warrant charging her with cruelty
to her adopted daughter.
According to the statements of Officer
McMurray and others the child, a beau
tiful and exceedingly. Intelligent little
thing of seven years,- has suffered great
cruelty during the past year. Mrs. Bea
glehole lives in Reno. Nev., where she
conducts a millinery, establishment. She
makes frequent visits to this city to pur
chase goods," and when here a year ago
she visited Beulah- Home, maintained, by
the Salvation Army across the bay, with
the object of adopting a girl. " Among
others there were two children named
Beaver, their father being a resident of
this; city. ' She took a strong fancy to
little Flossy Beaver; and after several in
terviews with the chad's; father legally
adopted her with the approval of Mrs
Montgomery and the other ladies at the
home. ■,.'■-■■,. :. ; ; . . ■ :. . -. ..,.':.,...
Several weeks ago a letter from a min
ister-in Reno was received by the Cali
fornia -"; Society - for the Prevention •of
Cruelty to Children, charging Mrs. Bea
glehole with abusing her helpless charge
in a shameful manner and asking' that
steps be taken to : remove the little one
from her care. Similar letters were also
received by Mrs. Montgomery ; and Mr.
.Beaver, and the latter wrote to Mrs
Beaglehole asking her to call r on s him the
first time she came to the city. •'"■• -,-. > t - /
, The woman and child; came down from I
Reno several days ago and took rooms at
the Wilson House, on Post street, near
Kearny, but she paid no attention to
Beaver's request for an interview.
Last Wednesday night Mrs. Belle
Chi Ids. who is also a guest at that
house, heard the child crying as though
in great pain and pleading to bo spared
further punishment, while above her cries
arose the woman's voice threatening to
choke the child to death. Mrs. Childs
was so indignant that yesterday she
swore to the complaint on which Mrs.
Beaglehole was arrested. The warrant
was placed in the hands of Officer Mc-
Murray. who is detailed for duty with
the California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, tout he was unable
to serve ft until about 6 o'clock last night.
Mrs. Beagleh»le begged to be spared
the shame of l"'ing taken to jail, and
said a friend would call in a short time
and would deposit the necessary bail. The
officer, who during the day had notified
Beaver and Mrs. Montgomery of the is
suance of the warrant, consented to wait,
and while he was there the father and
one of the ladies from the home came in.
Mrs. Beajplebole left the room for a
short time and during her absence the of
ficer questioned little Flossie. She showed
a rent in the palm of her right hand,
which, she said, was where the woman
had bitten her. On her loft arm were two
marks which she said were also caused by
the woman's teeth, while about her neck
were a number of scratches which she at
tributed to her foster mother's attempts
to choke her. A doctor was called in and
said that all the marks might have been
made in the manner indicated.
Finally Mrs. Beaglehole's friend ar
rived and gave the officer $40 for her ap
pearance in Police Court No. 3 this morn
ing, and she was allowed to remain in her
apartments. Flossie was taken over to
the Beulah Home, but will be brougiit
back* for the trial.
Mr. Beaver is an intelligent business
man ar,d is shocked beyond measure at
the treatment his child has received. His
wife is dead and he believed when Mrs.
Beaglehole took Flossie the little one
would receive every care, as the woman
occupies a prominent position In Reno.
It is thought tiiat Mrs. Beaglehole will
consent to have her appointment as
guardian annulled, and Flossie will again
find shelter ami kind treatment from the
ladies who first provided for her.
HOW THE LOCAL
BOYS WERE FOOLED
Riordan and Kilgallon De
feated by Champion Casey
and Partner.
An Exciting Handball Contest Be-
tween Famous Players of East
and West
One of the most interesting games of
handball played in this city In years was
wltnessea yesi ■'■>>' by an enthusiastic
gathering of pleasure-hunters in Phil
Ryan's court oi Howard street.
According to rumors, it appears that
when Champion Phil Casey of New lork
and his partner, James Dunne, had
played their inaugural game in this city
last Sunday John Riordan, the local
champion, took very close observations
of the -astern players as they play ball.
Riordan hunt, up Kilgallon, the regu
lar smasher and a-^-round destroyer of
handballs, Sunday evening, an^ quietly
informed him that it would be a great
feather in their .aps if they could "wipe
the eyes" of the Eastern experts at the
old Irish game.
"Well, Jaok, don't you know that we
can do that trick without any gre: - ef
fort if Casey and Dunne cannot put up
any better ball than we saw to-uay,"
said the little tat man from Denver with
a chuckle.
"Put it there, ~j.ike, old boy," retorted
"Champion Jack," as he proffered his
"big .ncii ol lives" to his prospective
partner, who shook it heartily, "les, we
can do ..-em bruwn, .Alike, and I'll tell
you how the trick, can be accomplished,
listen!'
"You tako a.- of the outside r>lay, un
derstand, and ke,v^ .Casey on the , jump
by long plays. li« cannot last . long if i
you smash tne balls in your usual stylo |
and keep them in ■ »ie out corner of tne ;
court all the time. 1 will look uu. for the I
inside plays, you knew, and it will be no i
trick for me to kill anything that Dunne I
will send my way.
■'Why, this is tne best thingwe'vestruck
in a long time, Mike, and won't It sound
nice to read in --i« papers how the two
local champions of the West fooled the
two big guns of the .Last on St. Patrick's
day?"
"It's a go, Jack;. shake again, old boy,"
said Kiigallon as tears of delight tricked
down his rosy checks.
"Don't say a word about this now,"
expostulated Itiordan, "until we see how
the wind blows alter throwing out some
feelers."
".Not a word, Jack; not a word, mo
boy. I will leave It all to you," and the ;
local chumps shook ands again.
Casey somehow learned of me proposed
challenge, and - on- Tuesday evening he
asked Kiordan it' the report . was true. !
Kluruan would not deny nor atJirm it, so I
Casey relieved Jack tne expert of any i
doubt by stating that wltn his partner !
Dunne lie would be in the court at 2 |
o'ciock tot. Patrick's day ready to play
Kiordan and Kiigallon any kind ot a ]
game.
xne contest was witnessed by a large
crowd, and Champion Casey proved be
yond a uuubt mac-tie is o^i\ master oi
handball.
At out play he smothered Kilgallon, and
Dunne surprised Riordan by swift and j
accurate plays within the short line which ;
were frequently applauded. Casey's easy i
style of returning hard balls from the
back wall was greatly admired, and "the
killing" was always accurate. -.. =i7>;
Kiurdan's overhand- -plays were very
poor owing to Jack's weak style of hit
ung. tun fancy strokes were undoubt
edly pretty to look at, but the ball gen
erally struck the floor before it reached
the front wall.
One of the interesting features of the \
game was ■ the easy manner in which ;
Casey returned balls that came from the j
angle of the back walls and the distress I
in which Kiigallon appeared to be when I
the champion challenged him to a dodge !
at long service. But now the local play- j
ers have learned that older men are their j
masters and, that practice makes perfect. !
The result of the match Is as follows: I
I The first three games went to Casey |
and Dunne,* and through courtesy they
permitted their opponents to have the last i
one. The scores were, as follows: 21 — j
21—16, 21—6 ; and , 21—11. To-morrow Dunne
and T. F. Bonnet will try conclusions
with Casey and: J. C. Xealon.
As a kind of warmer up there was -a
contest of three games between W. Me-
Guiro and R. Murphy and E. Toy and J.
White. The former team won by the fol
lowing score: 21— 9. 21—20 and 21—19.
ROBBED A MINER.
John Murphy, a Hod-Carrier, Ar
rested for Grand Larceny.
Michael Curk-y, a miner, swore to a
complaint in Judge Joachimsen's court
yesterday for the arrest of John Mur
phy, a hod-carrier, on the charge of
grand larceny. Murphy was arested by
Detectives Ryan and ODea and booked
at the City Prison.
Curley lives in a lodging-house at 1151
Market street, and Wednesday drew $700
out of the Hibernia Bank. He went into
the saloon at 11CI Markot street and con
sumed considerable liquor. He fell asleep
in the saloon, and Murphy, who had been
drinking with him. wont through his
pockets, taking about $C.">o and his keys.
When Curley awftke Ik- found his money
gone. He accused Murphy u f taking It,
and Murphy handed him $40 and his keys.
Yesterday afternoon, when Murphy was
arresttd, he agreed to show the detec
tives where he had hidden the money.
He took them to his house, 28A Rausch
street, and they found $50 In gold con
cealed in a coal sack, and Murphy made
his wife deliver up ?4 50, which he had
given her. Murphy declared that was all
the money he took from Curley, but
ley asserts there is over $500 unaccounted
for yet. _
Will Hold a Jollification.
A etag jollification will be held by the
members of St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance
Association of California on Monday
evening, March 21, at Knights of the Red
Branch Hall, in honor of the twenty-fifth
anniversary of the birth of the society.
Members of the alliance are privileged to
invite five of their friends to participate
in the high jinks.
INTERIOR
LINE OF
DEFENSE
Proposed Water Bat
tery at Gravelly
Beach.
Recent Allowance of Five
Million Dollars to the
Engineer Corps.
Captain Charles E. Clark Takes
Command of the Battle-
Ship Oregon.
COAL FOR A LONG CRUISE.
Tho Ship May Sail To-Morrow to
Join the Squadron at Key
■ . We&t.
The allowance of $5,000,000 to the En
gineer Corps to protect the principal
harbors of the United States leads to
the belief that some of the money at the
disposal of Chief Engineer Wilson may
be allotted to San Francisco. If the
money does not come directly from the
$50,000,000 allowed to the President for
use in national defense it is likely to
come from the regular appropriation,
and may be available early In July
next.
It is the judgment of well-posted ar
tillery officers that works should be
constructed at Gravelly Beach, on the
Marin shore of the bay, near Lime
Point. A position for a water battery
has been designated at that point. In
fact, the scheme for defense for San
Francisco harbor, adopted by the Board
of Fortifications, embraces a battery of
ten or twelve inch disappearing guns at
Gravelly Beach. The guns of this pro
posed battery would not command
much of an ocean range, as an arm
of the mountain or bluff touching the
Golden Gate shuts off a view of the
sea further out than a line extending
from Lime Point to the Cliff House. A
battery there planted would be ob
scured from the view of an incoming
fleet. An enemy would not discover
the guns until the range of fire was
short.
Six 12-inch disappearing guns at
Gravelly Beach would constitute a
tremendously effective battery, and
should, at the short range of one thou
sand or fifteen hundred yards, be able
to destroy any ironclad that floats.
While it is the judgment of military
men that the works now constructed
are strong enough to resist success
fully the advance of any fleet that
Spain could bring to the Pacitic, it is
believed that steps should be taken
to strengthen the interior line of re
sistance, so that if one ship should
manage to pass the outer forts and get
inside the vessel could not live after
getting in the harbor. It is suggested
therefore that Alcatraz. the great nat
ural stronghold, should have cutleries
of high-power range and precision.
It is probable that the engineers un
der the direction of Colonel Sutcr will
soon begin the work of constructing
new batteries. The accepted plan of
fortifications includes a fort at Lake
Merced, south of the Cliff House, at an
elevation of one hundred feet, and also
provides for the planting of guns to
prevent an enemy from effecting a
landing at Halfmoon Bay. These pro
posed works at Merced and Halfmoon
Bay are not now deemed so essential
as a battery an the water line near
Lime Point.
The detachments of one non-commis
sioned officer and five privates from
each of the batteries stationed at An
gel Island, Fort Mason and Fort Baker,
that have been on temporary duty at the
Presidio since the 26th of last month,
for the purpose of mounting guns on
the Presidio Reservation, have been
ordered to return to their proper sta
tions next Saturday. All the guns re
ceived from the East are in proper
P °Firs°t n Lieutenant John A. Lockwood,
Troop C, Fourth Cavalry, whose troop
is stationed at the Presidio, has been
detailed by the President as Professor
of M fitary Science and Tactics at the
West Virginia University. Morgans
town W.Va., relieving Captain Chris
tine C Hewitt, Nineteenth Infantry.
Lieutenant Lockwood has been on tem
porary duty at the university for sev
eral months past, but the present detail
carries w\th it a permanent detail for a
full term of service at the institution.
Captains Harry C. Benson and
Ceoree H G. Oale with their troops,
X and C ' Fourth Cavalry, have been
detailed to patrol the Yosemite, Sequoia
and General Grant National parks the
coming season. These two troops have
patrolled the parks for several years
past and the officers and men are
fully acquainted with the duties re
auired of them, which duties) are con
tained in a letter of instruction from
the Secretary of the Interior. The
troops will leave the Presidio for their
respective camps between the Ist and
15th of next month. They will remain
in the parks until November.
Captain Charles E. Clark arrived
from San Diego yesterday and took
command of the battle-ship Oregon.
This powerful warship is ready for sea.
The coaling for a long cruise was fin
ished the night before last and the
vessel has now 1600 tons of coal aboard.
All the necessary stores and a full line
of ammunition are aboard. It is ex
pected that the Oregon will leave this
harbor for Valparaiso to-morrow, but
it cannot be ascertained that positive
orders for sailing have been received
from the Navy Department.
All hands aboard the battle-ship
from the highest in rank down are
ready to respond promptly to the call
of duty. The officers and the men at
the guns do not boast, but they have
the utmost confidence in the ability of
the shi^ to fight, with an even chance
of victory, anything that floats. It
is believed that the Oregon, after coal
ing at Valparaiso or Callao, will pro
ceed to the Atlantic and join the
squadron of United States ships at
Key West;
RAILWAY CIRCLES SHOCKED.
News Received of the Deaths of Two
Prominent and Popular Officials.
John G. Schriever, traffic manitper of
the Atlantic system of the Southern Pa
cific Company, died at an early hour Wed
nesday morning at the Hotel Normandie.
in New York City, where he had gone
from his headquarters at New Orleans on
a business trip of a few days' duration.
The cause of his death was Bright's dis
ease, from which he had been suffering
for quite a length of time.
Mr. Schricvtr was a native of Jersey
City, and was 54 years of age.
He first entered the railroad business in
'69 aa receiving clerk of the Texas and
Louisiana Railroad and Steamship Com
pany, a property of the Southern Pacific.
Passing through vartous stages of pro
motion, he was appointed, in 1883. to the
position he held at the time of his death.
He leaves a widow, three daughters and
a son.
The Santa Fe officials In this city were
also notified that at the time of Mr. Schriev
er's death they had sustained a loss In
the death of their general passenger and
traffic manager, W. F. White, who ex
pired at Highland Park, a suburb of Chi
cago, at about the same tim« that Mr.
Schriever passed away.
Mr. White was one of the most widely
known and best liked men in the railroad
business, and had been connected with
the Santa Fe for over twenty years.
INDORSED DR. PARDEE.
The Anti-Civil Service League Favors
Him for Governor.
A joint meeting of the Anti-Civil Service
League, the Sons of Veterans and the
Veterans of the War Association was
held Tuesday at B'nir B'rith Hall for
the purpose of arranging for an anti-civil
service mass-meeting. The meeting was
called to order by D. M. Cashin, who
acted as temporary chairman. The chair
man stated that the object of the meeting
vr»M to educate the people and enlighten
the present generation to the absurdity
and impracticability of the civil service
law as now in force.
Letters expressing sympathy with the
causo and regrets at being unable to be
present were received from the president
and secretary of the Army and Navy
League of Oakland, and resolutions were
passed indorsing Dr. George C. Pardee as
a candidate for Governor. Other resolu
tions adopted declared that the members
of the league would vote for no man who
was not opposed to civil service, and that
any man who is opposed to It will receive
their support regardless of politics.
Emmanuel Sisterhood Election.
The Emmanuel Sisterhood held their
annual meeting yesterday and elected of
ficers for the coming year. The presi
dent's report and the treasurer's showed
that the Sisterhood was in a most flour
ishing condition, there being a balance in
the treasury of 12702 35, an amount just
quadruple that of last year. The ques
tion of doing away with the relief section
of the organization was discussed at
some length, and- it was decided it was
not only the wisest but the most benefi
cial thing for the society to do. The re
ports from the chairmen of the various
sections show that the work is progress
ing well. The officers for the coming
year are almost the same as last year,
there being very few changes.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLa^ O2SKEABNTNT. Established
■f'fW^aßfi '" for treatment of Private
HSJivjHjgf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
QHKBSfSiVx disease v.'paring on bodyand mind and
skin Diseases. Thedoctorcureswhen
ZJHaHfißra otnersfail. Try him. Charges low.
tNoQUHBbH ( nrrHKiiaranli't-ii. Callorwrlte.
l>r. J. V. tItRO.V. lies 1957. 5 an Francisco. .
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
MtSßßtex wharf, San Francisco:
HlKlPE!?fc^k For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
Hn£^^i March 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. 27, April
! CB^SI^kI 1. Transferred at Seattle.
| BHKaa^^^Kl or Alaskan ports (from
' r****iSfx3c%&£s Ppear street wharf), 10 a. m..
*4qjMU March 2. 6. 10. 14. IS. 22. 26. 30.
**>» Transferred at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m., March 2, 7,
12 17 22 27 and every fifth day thereafter,
connecting at Seattle with company's steam-
ers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma with
N P Ry.. at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
March 3, 9. 15. 21, 27, and every sixth day
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, . San Simeon,'
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota ' Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hu°neme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. March 2. 6, 10. 14, 13. 22. 2C,
30 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
T.OS Aneeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
am March 4, 8. 12. 16, 20, 24, 28, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., March 8,
April 3, and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
on.l hr"r« of pnlUncr.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
M GOODAL"i.. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agrts..
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO ,
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinp ,«l2 First Class Including Berth
rAttC $ 8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: .-.
State of California ...Mar. 2, 10. IS. 20
Columbia '.. ....Mar. 6, 14. 22, SO
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., ' ;.;. : ■■ .\-. ' /" ■■;
Superintendents. " '
The S. S. MOANA
it'^«MftMi»BlE sails via Honolulu and
rl J^sSfl fed A " cklanrl for Sydney
SHmnftßSil Wednesday, March 23.
l 3ifsfiBBiE" il!! vJa Honolulu and
iWJr** 3 " 11^ Auckland for Sydney
Wednesday, March 23.
r\ /I • A at s. •s'.'zealandia,
S. S. ZEALANDIA,
m?pW/ qHujIIIjIIIk for HONOLULU only.
vSSkSP' /nfn^!?/J- Wednesday. April 6.
G>^^ •yi!!ffJl«!j2 p. m. Special party
' . rates. - O-
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
A BROS. CO.. Agents, .
■ . 114 Montgomery street.
' Freigth Office— 327 Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
French L!ne to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) -12 North -«s.£ja»
River foot of Morton st. Travelers <JHyL*>
by this line avoid both transit by ■»»»«»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New \ork to
Alexandria. Euypt, via Paris, first class $160;
IA O CHAMPA«'.NE ............March 26 10 a.m.
LA BOTTOGOGNH April 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAOXE April 9, 10 am
TA XOKAtANPIE :::::::::::::::Aprii-23;«m 6
LA QABCOQKE April 23. 10 a. m.
For further particulars «£&.£,.. Apent . ■■
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York..
J. F. FITGAZI & CO., Agents. 6 Montgomery
aye. , San Francisco. .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St., at »
p. m. Daily. . .
; FREIGHT RECEIVED IP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone. , .
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on the
Valley Railroad. \ ■'•.■.<"/• ■.» '■■
.:., STEAMERS:
t' C. WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MARY GARRATT, ■ . J. D. PETERS :-
Telephone Main SO5. Cal.-Nav. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
;i . Steamer " Monticello" - -
Mon.. Tues., <u., Thurtt. and *at ..".':(■
9:45 a..m., 3:15 p. m. (S:3O p. in. ex. Thurs.).
Fridays :.:...l p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays :'.'.. ....... .10:30 a.m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier 2. .
Telejhone. Red 2241. ... ..
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
' m earner Alviso leaves ■ Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at, 10 a. m. : Alviso dally (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San : Francisco and Alviso, 50c:
to San 1 Jose. 75c. • Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose. . " " ' .•■•■;■■
, BArLROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC; COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry. '
From San Francisco, Commencing :■ September
..Oy.^- .:,-•-;.;; 1V 1897. .; :
!■•; " WEEK DAYS. >''',■ ' '
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *7:2s. n:**.
11:30 a. m.: «1:45, 3:45, '5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra . trips for San Rafael on 'Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
....- - ... .'SUNDAYS. ■■■ —
For Mill Valley and San- Rafael— *S:oo, »18.0 a
_ •11:30 a. ML. »1:15. 3:00. *4:SO,'-6:13 p. m. ■
•Trains marked • run to San Quentin. .
i. ,v .THROUGH TRAINS, r- - ■ '
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions ;• 1:45 p. m, Saturdays -(mixed train) for
- Duncan Mills - and < way stations; 8:00 ■a. •-. m.
■; Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAIWALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
= " •--;• V . (Via; Sausalito Ferry). ;■_ - ■ :'
: Leave San i Francisco, ■ commencing Novem-
ber 13. 1597: ;. ■.■■'..■/.■.'■ ■
 Week :—9:30: — 9:30 a. m..1:45 p. m. . ' ■
. Sundays— B:oo. 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip. from Mill Valley, Jl. - -
THOU. COOK -& .- SON. Agents. 821 : Marktt
•tree t, San Francisco. " ■ /
AUCTION SALES!
FURNITURE OF 5 ROOMS.
THIS DAY, FRIDAY, AT 2 P. M.
230!^ THIRD STREET.
j FRANK TV. BUTTERFIELD. 602 Market.
£AXLRO.42> TBA VEL. < J H
iODTHKBN I'AVIFIC CO3II»Ajnr.
. (PACIFIC 8T«TBM.) ;
Train* lenT«nn<l nrc ilne to «rrl»» ••
 KAN nUHCIMS. . :
' " (Main Line, Foot cf Market Street.) *■
LEATT! — From Jasuaht 1. 1898. — AMITI
~*«:dOA Niles, San Jose and Way Stations.. . *22 1 ***
7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . J« : *>*
7:O«a MarysTille, OrovUle and Redding Tia -
■W00d1and.................. 2.% '
7:OOa Vacavilic and Ramsey.. .....". Bj * Or
7:30 a Martinez, San Itnmon. Vallejo. Nap», _ -
Caliatoga and Santa R05a . . ... .... "j"'
8:«0a Atlantic Kxpress, OgUen and l'.ast.. »:-li»F
».«:t«A Nilca, San Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. Marysfillo, Cnico, ■: M ' m ■ ■
Tehama and Re.l v* 1 !?*
•Si3oa reters, Milton and 0akda1e.. ....... •7:53*
•iOOa New Orleans ll"i|iiiim, Merced, Ray-
• mond, l-'resno, BakerslioM, SanU .
lUrliara, l.os Angeles, Doming. _
El Vaso, New Orleans and East. Of4»P
O:O« a Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fre5n0.......... X * : " p
•l:OOr Sacramento ltiver Stonmers ! ! .!? p
l:OOp Niles, San Jrse and Way Stations.. I»»I»A
Martinez and Way Stations. 7t4»P
8:«0p Livermorc, Mendota, Uanford and
VUalia 4:153
1 ....... IdTermore, 8«n Jose, Niles and Way M^_._
5tati0n5......... |1««1S<\
«i**p Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, .
Napa, Culistoga, El Verono and
Santa Ilosa ■•■■*
4i**p Beuicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
, Knlehts Landing, MarysTllle, Oro-
v »illo mi.lfiiicrHii.ci. to : l©t«BA
4!iB4p Nile 3, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:ISf
4:3 Up Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Bereud*,
. Fresno, Slojare (for Randsburs), _
■ Santa llarbara and Loa Angeles.. 7»-S-»a
4:XOr Santa Fa Keuta, Atlautio Kxpresa _
--■■■ tor Mojtiro and Kaat . : •t43»
" Sunset Limited." Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little liock, St.
' Louis, Chicago and East siOtlOA
VStSur " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso, _
New Orleans and East |1»:I5a
' • iOWp European Mail, Ogilen and Kast.... «:4"»a
iluyiviinl" Nilvsnud Han Jose 7543 a
- tS:OOr Vallejo... t7:45p ■
S:«<»» Oregon Kxi>r«<ss, Sacramento. Mtirys-
villu. ICiMl.li.iK. I'ortlaiMl, rnget
■' Sound and Kast S;l»< .
' SiN LKAMiKO AM) HAVWAUIKi LOt'Ali.
(Foot of Market Street.) .
I^sTooal ■■. ~ ( - 7:1 5*
S.6OA Helrosc, Seminary Park, 'JJiJs^
loJooa Fltcliburg, ElmliKnt, 11U54
>i i':OOa San Lrandro, South Saa. ' I ? : J* F
tl o0 M i^aadro, Kstu.lill., ,'Jjl^
V3VOOP ' Lorenzo, Cherry, i *******
4:00p . «5:43p
S:OOP  « nd i 6:13p
0.-s»r Haynardß. f ' !^p
7iOOp ■ J i Si43i>
S:OOP i throagh to Nile*. , * 55 r
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Uauge).
_^ (Foot of Market Street.) %
• SiilSA Newark, Centerviil.-,.Sftii .lose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Crux and Way
Stations .........: •«••»!
•*ilSp Newark, OonterTille, San .loee, New
Alinaden, Felton, Honlder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations ........'. •l»t»OA
«iin r Newark, Sn.i .lose and Los Gatos ... 9:*o.v
flli43p Hunters' Excursion, SaD Josa and ■ -'~
Way Stations 17**0?.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Fnn SIN mNCISCO— F«ot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:10 9:00 11:00a.u. 11:33 *2:00 t3:C3
•4:00 t5:30 *6:00r.»l.
rromOAlUKD— root «f Broad "6:00 8.-00 10:00 a.m.
U2:00 '1:00 t2:00 »3:03 t*:QO ' '3:00 p.m.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Uaage).
. (Third and Towmend Sta.) ■
«is3a Sau Jo« 8 and Way Stations (New m
Almadsn Wednesdays only) •iSOa,
•>4>Oa San Josu, Tres I'inos, Santa Crux,
Pacillc Oro»e, raso'Robles, Sau
I.nls Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way .Stations 4tlor
I I«:4Oa Sail .lose and Way Stations.. •»:OOa
• lIiSOa Son Jose and Way Stations ....... 8:35 a,
*2:30 - San >Tat 1 0, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Gilroy, g
- Hollister, Sanla Cruz, Salinas,
. :. Monterey and Pacific Grove »lOt4OA.
•3:1 3p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:OO*
•4 :13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45 a
•SiOOpSanJoso and Principal Way Stations l:80r >
3:30p Jose and Principal Way Stations B:30p
8:::0i> San Jose and Way Stations.... 7j«Of
j11:45r Sau Jose and Way Stations «i^Up
' A for Morning. Por Afternoon.
• Bonda\ s excepted. t Sundays only. * Saturdays only.
♦ { Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•J Mondays and Thursdays.
_ I Wednesdays and Saturdays. . , _:
SiN FJLLNCISCQ AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot oi Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:0.
8:S0. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. - Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:S4
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:20. 11:00 a. m. 1:381 »:».
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
! WEEK DATS— «:IO. 7:60. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.;
11:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:56 and 6:25 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m. *  „ : ■■_■"
' Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
| same . schedule as above.
Leave T _ «,fr~.*' Arrive
Pan Fraudsco. <>tU ' Pan Franolsca
Week 1 Sun- Destination '' San ' 1 Wee *
Days. I days. Dea^P^Q 11 daya. I <Uy»._
7 :30a.m. <9 :00a.m. 1 'Novato, 10:403.m. 8:40.-vra.
8:30 p.m. 9:3oxra. I Petalnma. 6 :lop.in. '10:35 a.m.
b:lop.m. !s:U)p.m. ! Santa Rosa. 7:asp.m. | B:3p.m.
7:80 p.m. Fulton.
Windsor, . 10:20 a.m.
7 aim. HeaMsburar,
' Lytton.
Geyservllle,
8:00 a.m. I Cloverdale 7:35 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
! ~ HI T~ I Hoylanci and I
7 :30 a.m. I 00a.m. Uklah. | 7:35 p.m. 8:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. '. '■ ] 10:25 a.m..
3:00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m. , -
j 8:30 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
Tliloa.m. 8:00 a.m. I Sonoma 10:40 a.m. S:4Ua.ro.
ana
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen EUen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
! 7:30a.m.]8:00a.m.) SGb __ tCDoL \ i 2 i i - m -\ l 2 i - m '
| 8:30 p.m. 5:00 p.m. ° CPaBtCpOL I 7 p.m i 7:23 p.m.
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
i Fprings: at Oeyserville for Skaggs Springs; ac
: Cloverdale for ■ the . Geysers at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for .
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakei,
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake, Porno.. Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Buck*
nells, Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle. Boon viUe.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Brace Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
*Or! Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices — 660 Market street, Chron!cl«
bU A ld W g FOSTER. £ R. X. RTAN. /*/ *
- Pres. and Gen. Maaag«r. Gen. Pass. A«t.
(rK===sj] CALIFORNIA
jl^^M^i LIMITED.
SlnM^ra! SAN FRANCISCO
|rMLJ^MS^SI| CHICAGO.
-Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
. Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra " charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3% days to Chicago, 4H days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
i Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman yt
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
" fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
- 1 Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Fe-ry San Francisco ticket office, 044 Market
I street. -' Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office. 1118 Broadway. , Sacra-
mento" office, 201 J street. San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara street. V - >
i THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. tilth trains will ru M
I follows: - ■ ■--■-■■•
Southbound.' . j Northbound. -
! Paesen- Mixed- statlon3 . Ux 1 Passe*
■ get -Sunday P"*" ou * Sunday : yer
Dally ;■-; Exc'p'tdj— —- — Exc'p'td Dally, i-
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m,
t):loa.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 8:53 p.m.
30:40 aon. 3:50 p.m. Fresno J:3O a.m. 2:20 p. at ' ■
: 31:40 a.m.' 6:20 p.m. Hanfor-l .:45 a.m. 1:15 p. nx
12:15 p.m. .0:45 p.m.. Visalla 6:40 a.m. 13.40 p.rn
.- Stopping at intermediate po lnta when requlrei • -
"' Connections— At Stockton with steamboats' oS
C. N. & I. Co.. leaving - : San ; Francisco ' and --
- Stockton at 6 p. -.jm. '-"-. dally; at Merced -.with "
: stages to and from Snelllngs. 1 Coultervllle, etc. ;
also - with i stage ; for . Hornltos, - Marlposa. J eta:
at Lankersblm with stag« to and from Madera* -
. ■■■-.--■ > . •■----.;
1314
SENATOR BLIND
IN FIX AGAIN
Spreadeagled His Field in
the St. Patrick's Day
Handicap.
H. Martin on Formero Nosed
Out Sloan Astride Frank
Ireland.
Scarborough Downed Vinctor— Good
Friend Too Fast for Miss
Rowena.
It Is to be regretted that Ostler Joe was
not a starter in the St. Patrick's Day
handicap at one mile and a quarter, cap
tured by Senator Bland at Oakland yes
terday. The latter horse was in grand
fettle and at equal weights the pair would
have furnished a groat contest. As it was
the Senator was played from 3Vi to 1 down
to 11 to 5, and shouldering Cash Sloan and
115 pounds made all the running and won
hands down in 2:07 flat. Judge Denny,
which, coupled with Lincoln 11, held sway
In the betting, took the place in a drive
from Flashlight.
Favorites in the betting broke about
even, winning three of the events run.
The weather was pleasant and the track
lightning fast.
The Elmwood Farm's bay horse Vinctor
strain let the crowd down hard. He was
a 3 to 10 favorite for the opening mile and
a sixteenth race, with Tod Sloan in the
saddle, and succeeded in finishing second
to Scarborough, piloted by Mike Hennes
sy. The 100 to 1 shot Lucky Star made the
running to stretch, where- the favor
ite and Scarborough hooked up. In a drive
the latter won cleverly by a length.
Lucky Star won show honors from Ver
agua.
Another redhot favorite was bowled
over in the five furlong scramble follow
ing. Miss Rowena, the Burns & Water
house entry, looke-d such a certainty that
the best odds the ring would lay was 11 to
20. She got away In front, led to the
Btretch and was then easily outfooted by
the 8 to 1 shot Good Friend, ridden by
Conley. Mocorito finished in the show.
Willie Applegate's gelding Linstock
opened an even money favorite for the
mile purse run. but after Orimar, the sec
ond choice, had warmed up lame and was
excused by the judges, he was installed a
Ito 2 chance. The race showed the favor
ite to be about twenty pounds the best,
for after being pocketed back in the ruclc
for two-thirds of the distance, Clawson
sent him to the front and it was easy to
down H'jhenzollern half a length in 1;41
flat. Masoero awoke, running into the
ebow.
Tod Sloan had it put on him a nose in t"e
four-furlong scramble for 2-year-olds. He
hud the mount on Frank Ireland and in
a hard drive was beaten out by Formero,
the 13 to 5 favorite, piloted in clever fash
ion by "Skeets" Martin. It was one of
the latter's old-time rides and the Cali
fornia boy was warmly applauded. El
Mido ran disappointingly.
Hurly Burly appeared to be in fine fet
tle and at odds of 4 to 5 won the final six
furlong sprint all the way, leading the
st' 'Hid choice, Fonsovannah, out over a
length.
TRACK NOTES.
President Williams, of the traok across the i
bay, has decided to abolish the combination
book altogether. He thinks the public and i
owners get the worst of it through horses be- j
Ing backed down and his views are coincided
Jn by many others.
Following are to-day's entries:
First Race— Five and a half furlnngs;' three
year-olds; maidens.
712 Hohenlohe 10," 61S Kittle Blake ...100
716 Rose Maid 107 723 Clpriano 112
723 Eroica 107 722 Rosa : 187
722 Kummel 100 723 Muldrew 105
674 Deserette 100 723 Mainbar 112
741 Bonnie lone 107 716 Ixiumont 107
6«s FlancK-s 112 7u5 Scintillate 107
746 Royal Prize 102 1
Second Race — Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
Belling.
734 Charles le Bel. .100! 710 Glen Anne 95 I
716 Bonita R 85] 741 Irritator 97 ]
716 Idomenus 97 i 705 Elsmore 110 i
344 Outlay 1051 674 Entrata 100 <
723 Aprona 103! 716 Notice Me 97 I
Third Race — Four furlongs; two-year-old !
flllies.
742 Lia Parasseuse..lOs 724 Ellen Wood 105 i
(724) Maud Ferguson. llo 742 Loyal ie 105 '
730 Toluca 110 742 Ocorona 103 j
(748)Bonnlbel 110|
Fourth Race — One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
740 El Venado 1131 723 Applejack 106 |
734 Bow & Arrow. .10k 729 Sutton 113
757 Mel. Hurnham..lO6| 736 George Palmer.. llo !
T:i Mnringa 108 1 734 Elidad 106
293 Fort Augustus. .l2ol 467 Song & Dance.. l2l I
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
pALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB - Oakland Track-118th day of the
V> winter Meeting, ThursdayT March 17. 1898. Weather cloudy,
Track Rood.
752.
FIRST RACE— One and a
and upward; purse, $350.
737 Scarborough, 4 . ... 1 20 j 2
741 Vinctor. 6 124 1
736 Lucky Star, 4 117! 3
736 Veragua, 5 121| 7
741 Pescador, a 117 4
736 Miss Ruth, 6 119, S
736 Allahabad. 6 114 [ 6
6 4- 4 % ..
6 m sy»
1 »4 12
Pi 3 h
2 % . 2 2
7 7
4 h 6 IV4
2 %
si
6 I
7 1*
6 2 '
1 1
3 «
2 %
5 6
4 1
7 -
6 4
1 1
2 4 .
3 Vi
4 10
6 10
-7 .
< 8
1 1
2 5
3 h
4 15
5 6
6 2
7
sy
an ....
llie '.'.'.
i
5 3
1-4 3-10
15 100
5 20
50 200
50 200
50 300
Tlrnf. IM. Winner, Atkin & Lottrldge's b. h. by El Rio Rey-Fonsette.
Won cleverly.
Good start.
753.
SECOND RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three- year-olds; purse, $300.
720 Good Friend loi>i
(710) Mips R<iwena 106
(717) Mocorlto 105
Cms.) Yaleneienne loS
72S Saticoy IDS
633 Al Koran 110
727 Little Alarm 100
... Tennary 111!
5 * .
It
4
2 .
6
7
3
is
8 h
41* ■
4 1
S3*
6 3
7 10
2 2
8
2 3
" 1 %
6%
6 2
4 2.
7 20
I*
2 6
1 h .
4 V*
3 n
6%
7 20
I*
8
1%
2 3
3 4
4 3
5 2
6 3
7 20
8
on ley
'horpe
[. Martin ...
'an Kuren ..
[ennessy ....
lawson
•orsey
. Sloan
4 6
1-2 11-20
10 7
4 10
20 10
10 30
4 10
10 60
Time. 1:01%. Winner, J. Whitten's br. f. by Eolus-Ruth.
Good start.
Won easily.
754.
THIRD RACE— One mile;
purse, $400.
(744) Linstock. 3 93! 1
(725) Hohenzollern, 4 ...110 3
73S Masoero. 5 104 2
744 Duke of York 11, 3. 89 6
14 Rapido. C 104 5
... The Swain. 6 107 4
4 h
3 1%
1 h
6
5 h
2 h
4 h
3 \Vt
H',4
0 n
6 '
2 h
4 h
2 2*
1 1
0 1
6
3 4
3 3
2 *
11,
5 V,
6 . .
4 4
2 5
3 10 j
4 3 ;
5 h
6 !
'lawson
'. Sloan
tevens
It-Nichols ...
2-5 1-2
5-2 11-5
15 30
15 30
100 300
10 20
tout
. Woods
Time, 1:41.
Wr.n cleverly.
Winner, W. 15. Applegate's b. g. by Logic-Blue Stocking.
Good start.
755.
FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter "miles; three-year-olds and upward; St Pat-
rick's Day Handicap; purse, $500.
14m.
•I-
(737) Senator Bland, 5... 115!
731 Judge Denny, 5 107
743 Flashlight, 6 106
(732) Lincoln 11. 4 108
750 Argentina, 5 105
713 Twinkler, 3 83
713 Marplot. 3 **•
j 3 1 * 11% 11
7 '2 h 2 I>4 2 h
1 4 M 3 h 7
! 5 6 4 514 3 h
6 3 h 61% 6 h
4. 7 7 5 h
2* 6 3 4 h 4 2
13
3 h
7
2 h
5 h
6 Vt
4.2H
1 4
3H
5%
4 1
6 3
7
2 h
1 3
2 '4
3 1%
43
5 10
8 4
7
|C. Stoan
Clawson
■ McDonald ...
H. Martin....
Conley
O'Connor
T. Sloan
3 11-5
2 9-5
8 8
• •
6 9
20 SO
3 6
• Coupled wit* Judge Denny.
Time. 2:07. Winner, H. L. Frank's eh. h. by imp. Inverness- Wood Violet. Good start
.sily.
*7 £{££ FIFTH RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
" index. Horses. Weight. I St. %m. lira. %m. Str. Fin.
K<irmero 1"6 1 ... ... lh lh Ins H. Martin 3 13.5
730 Frank Ireland 100 4 ... ... 3 2 2 2 2 3 T. Sloan 2 4
Semicolon IJ2 3 2 3 3 1 3 3 Conley '. 5 s
"llrithiiß lisle 5h 4* 4 4 Hennessy .... 10 I
lo 112' S 7 8 5 3 5 1 C. Sloan 2 16-5
Rainier »7 5 41% 6* C 4 Gray I 30 20
M<»Bsbra« 103; 7 ... ... 6h 7 2 720 Clawson I 4 9-2
* 743 Rio Chlco 112! 2 8 8 8 H. 8r0wn...,' • •
• ''oui)!f<l with Formero.
Time, 4" 1 *- Winner, W. B. Sink Jr.'s eh. c. by Imp. Conveth-Formosa. Good start
Won first three driving.
1
4
3
6
I
7
2
In 1 h
32- 2 2
23 3 1
5h J 44
78 5 3
. 4 H£ 6 *
6h 7 2
8 . 8
ins
2 3
33"
4 4'
•51
C 4
7 20
8
r. Martin
'• Sloan
'onley
lennessy ....
:. Sloan
fray
'lawson
i. Brown
3 13-5
2 4
5 8
10 8
2 18-5
30 20
4 9-2
• •
'TTRT'T • SIXTH-RACE— Six furlongs; selling; -three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index.- Horse*. Weight. %m. %IE %m. Str. Fin. . I Jockeyi
(690) Hurl v Burly 10712 ... In 1 * 12 11% T. : Sloan.
719 Konsovannah .; .112 4■- ... 4h 4 10 4 10 2 1* IH. Marti:
7<4 Soecol ............. 104 I - ... 33 3* 2V4 "34 Clawson
(727) Blarney : Btone .....112 1 ... 2 Vi 22 32 4 10 - Conley ..
241 Imp. MiH*<lon»r .....107 5 ... -6 1 6 6 • 6h Gray .... .
734.Melvin Burnham....! 12 6. ... 6 64 5 3 6 Rou'lller .
Time, 1:14. Winner, E. Corrlgan'e eh. t. by Riley-Helterskelter. Good
handily. -
Sloan
. Martin....
* ! j0p-
....... ~
in.... 3-2
..... 6
...... 5
...... 10
....;. 100
start.
1 4-5
3-2 9-5
6 15
5 6
10 25
100 300
'. Cl.
1 4-5
2 9-5
6 15
5 6
0 25
0 300
Won
awson
inley
■ay
jullier
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles: three
vear-olds and upward: selling.
729 Florimel »& 734 Mordecal 103
743 Dr. Bernays ill 744 Ballister 91
(736) Earl Cochran . .109 1 (734) Don Luis 94
(747) Treachery 107 739 Walter J 107
73.) Tromwell 112 726 Soniro 100
729 Mamie G 102 745 Sea Spray 109
751 Gotobed 94 750 Outgo 104
752 Miss Ruth 102 1
Sixth Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: Consolation handicap.
751 Ricardo 1101 734 Watomba 107
739 Lone Princess... 115 596 Emma D 103
745 Koenlgln 108 ! 736 McFarland 100
749 Highland Ball.,115! 73fi Metalre 95
729 Alvin E 100! 736 Stentor 100
50S Ruhicon 1441 745 Major Cook 117
717 Sp't McAUister.m! 655 Kaiser Ludwlg.lls
717 Albina 107|
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race — Clpriano. Muldrew, Deserette.
Second Race — Elsmore, Aprona. Glenn Anne.
Third Race— Ocorona, Maud Ferguson. To
luca.
Fourth Race— Bow and Arrow, Button. Mo
ri nga.
Fifth Race— Dr. Bernays. Cromwell, Treach
ery.
Sixth Race— Rubicon. Watomba, Rlcardo.
WOBKING FOB THE TEMPLE.
Success of the Fair in Aid of the
Bush-Street Synagogue.
The fair now in progress in Union
square Hall for the benefit of the Bush
street Temple is proving successful be
yond the utmost expectations of those in
charge. Each night this week the floor
has been crowded and the money is fairly
rolling in. The entertainment booth,
cabinet of curios and other side attrac
tions are all being remarkably well pa
tronized. The cabinet of curios, which
was arranged by Mrs. Isidore Myers, ex
cites a great deal of curiosity, and those
who enter come out with sealed lips and
pimply throw out vague suggestions,
which have the effect of inducing others
to follow their example. In the enter
tainment booth the most attractive fea
ture has been the marvelous feats of
legerdemain executed by Dr. Jacobs. Miss
Hattie Nathan, the well-known dramatic
reader, has made a good hit in her inim
itable dialect recitations. Last night a
special attraction was rurnished by mem
bers of the German Hebrew Opera Com
pany. Solos were well rendered by Mme.
and Miss Carp and Mr. Levison.
It has been decided to extend the time
one jiight longer than was originally in
tended, and Sunday will be the closing
night. To-night being the eve of tlfe
Sabbath, the hall will be closed.
REGISTRAR'S OFFICE
IS NOT VACANT
W. M. Hinton Holds the City
Position Without Draw
ing Pay.
Governor Bndd Requested Service
Without Compensation Until m.
Successor Was Named.
Some people fancy that there Is a va
j cancy in the office of Registrar of Voters
of San Francisco because the Registrar,
W. M. Hinton, holds, by appointment of
; the Governor, the office of Railroad Com
: missioner. Mr. Hinton holds a State of
fice and a city office, but does not draw
the salary of both. Mr. Hinton is still the
i Registrar of Voters and will serve in that
\ capacity until the Governor sees fit to
' accept his resignation and appoint his
i successor. This service upon his part was
I requested by Governor Budd and Mr.
; Hinton consented to render it.
In all probability the Governor, within
, the next week, will appoint a well-known
citizen and Democrat to the office of
Registrar. There are many applicants for
the place, but the Governor fully under
; stands that a successful Registrar must
;be a clear-headed man of good sound
i judgment, firmness of character and,
above all, a man who will not get rat
i tied in the excitement of an election and
; become the agent of a party rather than
the Registrar for all the voters. The
Governor observes that the office Is one
of great importance to the people of San
Francisco and remarks that he is going
to take all the time that he needs to se
lect the right man for the place.
RABBI LEVY'S MOTHER DEAD.
A Cablegram TelliDg of the Fatal Ill
ness Arrived Yesterday.
Grief came to the home of Rabbi M. S.
Levy of this city yesterday when a cable
gram reached him telling him of his
mother's death, which oceurrad in Lon
don, England, yesterday. Mrs. Elizabeth
Levy, widow of the Rev. S. Levy, was the
mother of fifteen children, ten of whom
survive her, five being in the United
States, four in London and one in Aus
tralia. Her sons have all attained promi
nence in public life, one being at the head
of the public schools department in Eng
land, while Rev. M. S. Levy is well known
in this city.
Mrs. Levy, at the time of her death, was
73 years of age. She was extremely
charitable, and a woman loved greatly by
the poor of England.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898.
BETTER THAN A RABBIT'S FOOT
William Yank's Caul Is Responsible for All the
Alcazar Successes.
The Alcazar has a mascot or, to be more correct, It has a well wisher who
owns a mascot and lets the theater joy in the benefits it can bestow.
William Yank is the fortunate individual, and his luck-promoter is noth
ing more nor less than a caul. A caul, according to Webster, is "a mem
brane which sometimes envelops the head of an infant when born," and
from time immemorial it has been supposed to bestow all kinds of fortune
upon the possessor.
Yank himself simply revels in all the good things the gods can bestow,
and as he has a sympathetic, generous heart he now and then calls in his
friends to share his good fortune.
Yank first offered the use of his caul to the Alcazar management Just
previous to the production of "The First Born." The precious talisman,
which looks like a bit of dry and crinkled parchment, was waved in magic
circles over the head of the author, Francis Powers, and subsequently over
each member of the cast. The result was inevitable— according to Yank—
and the little play was a tremendous success. Then, unfortunately for the
management and the author, Yank was called out of town. "When Turk
Meets Greek" went on and — no caul — no success.
Yank comes to the Alcazar Theater on the first night of every new
play. He carries his caul with him and in turn describes with its aid magic
circles round the actors, the managers, the musicians, the Btage hands and
the doorkeepers. And success always follows in his wake. Yank carries his
precious charm always with him,, done up in a piece of ragged-edged news
paper. It reposes in his inside overcoat pocket, and is ever ready to assist the
worthy in distress.
Yank's faith in his caul is unlimited. According to the youth his caul is
worth all the rabbit's feet in the world. He even stoutly maintains that a
caul's magic circle can discount even the friction of a pumpkin-colored
hump.
A PEST-BREEDING POND.
Residents of the Southern Heights
Complain of a Cesspool of Stag
nant Water.
By the filling in of Army street from
Kentucky to the bluff adjoining the Pest
house leading to San Bruno avenue, a
section of the Mission Bay was filled in.
This has had the effect of walling in a
large quantity of water of the northern
arm of that bay which by reason of its
enclosure has become offensive, so much
bo that several cases of sickness have
been the result.
The miasmatic effect arising from the
stagnant pool is so great that everything
within several hundred yards of its loca
tion turns a dirty green color. Newly
painted houses after a few days' exposure
to the noxious effluvia arising from this
pond assume a dirty green tint on the
face of the painted surface. Clothing
and cooking utensils exposed to the at
mospheric influence surrounding this en
closed body of watr-r are after a few
days seen to be covered with a greenish
coating.
The contractor when filling in the bay
on the road line left no opening for the
ebb and flow of the tide water and as a
result all the salt water inside of this
boundary at that time is hemmed in and
cannot escape one way or the other.
This, with the Eeepage from the adjoin
ing hills together with the sewage from
the houses surrounding the inlet during
the past live years, has so poisoned the
pond that it is virtually impregnated
with the deadliest of miasmatic matter.
Unless something is done to either fill
in or drain it off before the summer sea
son it is liable to bread fever or other
blood diseases that may be fatal and far
reaching before the source of the mala
dies is finally located.
The property owners and residents or
that portion of the Southern Heights
overlooking this stagnant pond are pre
paring a petition to the Board of Health
on the subject.
Barbers Elect Officers.
At the meeting of the Journeymen Bar
bers' Union on Tuesday I. Less, J. D.
Ellis and F. Plato were appointed as dis
trict organizers for the Pacific Coast.
The object of this committee will be to
better the condition of the business
throughout the coast and organize new
unions wherever possible. Twelve new
members were elected last night and
none of the members are at present out
of work. The following officers were
elected: J. R. Bleily, president; M. C.
Reed, vice-president; J. D. Ellis, record
ing secretary; L. A. McCoskril, employ
ment secretary; F. Mareum, financial sec
retary; G. Barrett, treasurer; S. J.
Kammski, sergeant-at-arms; A. Less,
guide; trustees, F. F. Plato, W. Hughes,
1. Less.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J H Moss. S Mateo H R Jackson & d. N T
S L Smith, N V Miss Hollister, N V
H Dickinson & w, Nev H Burns, Texas
II L Rogers, Sacto T Walters, N V
G H Jackson, Cal Mrs Hawkins, Phila
C Warren, Sacto ~ W W Foote, Oakland
J B Melick & w, Stkn R A Walker. N V
Dr Davis, Stockton C A Conger. Chicago
A H Wright, Stockton J Craig. Woodland
J Roos. Ventura Mrs Alien, Woodland
J A Mathews, Ohio lH Newton & W, Mass
A J Gorman, Illinois I Miss Carpenter, Mass
J Mclntyre, Sacto IJ F Carpenter, Maps
B Wilson & w. S Jose! Mrs Bull & d, S Jose
N H Jack & w, StknlM Kane & w, Oakdale
J C Marsh, Sacto j Mrs Jenkins. S Jose
H Harper & W, Sacto I W L GifTord, L Ang
W T Scott, L Ang |
BALDWIN HOTEL.
L Winnlm. New York iW G Drown, Cal
P A Brock. Alameda T P Hoag. New York
A S Williams, U S N E Heard, Eureka
E M Sharer, Chicago F L Loftus. Los Ang
R M Brown, Woodland ij Newschele. N V
A J Wells. New York Mlaa M Ryan. Sacto
Mrs A J Wells, N V J C ('rooks, Hay wards
A D Rickey. Ca! \V O Reed. Chicago
H O Rosentag. Suisuf! W H Wood, Rochester
E L Watson, Mass A S Gilbert, Rochester
Mrs E L Watson, Mass F O'Neil, Boston
G W Young Boston C Kipke. Philadelphia
Mrs Young, Boston ;L D Finnigan. Ireland
W C Camp. Louisville ;Mrs Finnigan. Ireland
T C Dawkina, Chicago 'Master Finnigan, Ireld
SEW WESTERN HOTKL.
S Newman, Milwaukee W Wilson, Stockton
H C Griffin. Cal SI Df'.aney. Oregon
H Gallagher, San Jose 3 l.'ugan. Madera
J King, California B Techyen. Cal
M O'Rourke, Cal D Eager, Nebraska
C Corrigan, Vallejo |W HoUingsworth, 111
J X <"lancy, Cal J D P^r.rce, Ixis Ang
J N Small, Cal IP McCann, California
C J Keith, Texas
PALACE MOTEL.
Mrs J Hawkins. Pa i J W Prosser, la
G Goodman, Chicago •(' Scaife &w, Pa
Mrs Goodman, Chlcag Miss Scaife, Pa
J Ledgerwood. Chlcag (J Newman, Phlla
H .Homing, Chicago G E Lane, Detroit
Mrs Davis, Oakland C F Scott N V
D 11 Hastings, Pa J Laverty. N V
Mrs Hastings, Pa F Bruce. N V
Miss Hastings, Pa J « Roberts. Madera
J Cochrane, Pa P Welman & w, Wls
Mrs Ccii-hrane, Pa i Miss Englehardt. Mon
Miss t'uhrane. Pa Mrs L Best. Mont
11 Mef'ormick, Pa I.T A Lotham. Los Ang
•Mrs McConoick, Pa jv Cupples. Boston
Miss McCormick, Pa Ij Mlllspaugh A.w, N V
C Stellaner&w. Cho ,J Eddy & w, N V
H E White 1 , Chicago O Housdale, Or
Mrs White, Chicago !j McCool, St Louis
H Granger, Dcs Molns H Gallinousky. Mo
W B Lane. N V la Stout. Rloomfield
C H Baxter. Seattle !g Oakes, Bloomfleld
T Robertson, S.-attle |D Oakes, Bloomfleld
E M Mahie. Boston R Scott. Pa ■
Mrs Mabie, Boston i Mrs Scott, Plttsburg
R J Quale. N V Miss Scott. Pa
Mrs Quale, .N V W Scott, Pa
F Ettlnger. N V J O'Donnel. Phila
Mrs Bttlnger, N V iDr Whltwell, Phila
F Mcßae. N V Mrs Whltwell. Phila
W E Griffin, Reno P Beer. N V
W F Corleso, W C . B Richards, Neb
L L Bailey, Denver ! Mrs Richards. Neb
M S Selieman. Chgo !D Richards. Neb
F F Curtis . Minnoap i Mrs - Richards, Neb
Mrs Curtis Minneapols Mrs X Turner Neb
Mrs W Bishop. Minn G Cochrane, Neh
J G Brown. Minneapls T, S Cruttan, London
II H Bogg &w, Me jR Liebert. London
Mrs J Colby Me H T Watson. London
Miss F Colby. Me E J Gabe. London
R B Ellison. Phlla J ALogan. Phila
Mrs Ellison, Phila Miss Logan, Phlla
Mrs Walbaum. I'hila Mtss Tndd. Phila
Mrs Rarrott. Ohio c E Woods. Phlla
J A Barrett. Ohio Mrs Woods, Pa
Miss Barrett, Ohio R M Parmalec. Ohio
V Carpenter. Boston H Macray, London
Miss Carpenter, Mass|Mrs Macray, London
Miss J Carpenter, Mas|.l Sampson, Shanghai
G Mooher, Rochester i Mrs Sampson, Shang
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 17— Stmr Excelsior,
from Orca.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed— Nomadic, Liverpool;
Weimar. Bremen.
STKTTlN— Arrived— Island. New York.
LONDON— SaiIPd— Massachusetts, New York.
QUEENSTOWN- Sailed— Rhynland, Philadel
phia; Germanic, New York.
ROTTERDAM- -Sailed— Rotterdam. New York.
BREMERHAVEN — Arrived — Havel, New
GENOA— Arrived— Saale, New York. Sailed—
Ems, New York.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
22G1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
uiHil 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns laces, cur-
tains, bedsprf-ads, pillow-shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store. 105 Fifth St.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. liVi Turk st. and HIS Market, rooms
15-16.
MISS L. STANLEY, manicure and alcohol
baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-3.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Keartiy st., room 9.
MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor cabi-
lift baths, $1. 17A Sixth St., room L
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS, bird.3 and reptiles bought, sold
and exchanged. Address FRANK G. BOS-
TOCK. the Zoo, San Francisco.
MRS. SHELION, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. »H6 Market St.. room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 5580.
MRS. STEWEHT, genuine Eteam aad cabinet
baths. 120*.; Geary st., room 11.
ROOMS papered, $2 60 up; whitened. %1 up.
2SOS Twenty-fourth st., or 230 Third st.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2, 116 A Orant aye.; elec-
trician; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
, . MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery ; No. 1, K. r^JL^t
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- Trip
gomery sts.— Regular assembly THIS [111 '.
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. W -
Order of the Temple. All f raters are courte-
ously invited. ■ ■ '
:•:•- . SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA Buena Lodge •of Perfection • :
No. 1— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- JV_
DAY) EVENING, March IS, at S %3f
o'clock. Fourteenth decree. - /^r '
GEO. J. HOBE, Secretary. ":.. ? -I
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., ; m
121 Eddy St., will meet on SATUR- A
DAY. the 19th inst., at 2 p. m., to at- jSJjf
tend the funeral of our late brother, /NT '
JOHN ANDERSON. Master Masons are in-
vited. GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian v C 7 >i
Club THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock, CjS, CkOjJ
Scottish Hall, 11l Larkin st "sLkXE*
JOHN REID. Chief,
JAMES H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
IROQUOIS Club— Pythian Castle Hall, 909
Market st., THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING,
MR. McTAMANY will lecture on and prac-
tically illustrate voting by a machine, as
practiced in Massachusetts. All are cor-
dially invited to attend.
THOMAS J. WALSH, President.
N. McMENOMY, Secretary.
i THE California Debris Commission, having re-
: ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
i process from John E. Burton, in the Green
I Mountain mine, near Mokelumne Hill, Cala-
veras County, to deposit tailings in Chile
Gulch; from the Harville Mining Company,
in the Harville mine, near Placerville, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Martinez
Creek; from. A. B. Jacks,, in the Badger Hill
mine, near . Spanish Ranch, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings .in Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, in the Star of Plumas placer mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings in a ravine, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco. Cal., on March 2S,
1898. at 1:30 p. m. .
ANNUAL MEETING— The " regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the ■ company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 28th day
of March. 1898, at ■ the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and .the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. .
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18, 1898. at 12 o'clock m. .
• ROBERT OXNARD. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND ' No. 79 (50c per share) of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be payable
at the office of the company on and after
FRIDAY, April 1, IS9S. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, March 26, 1898, at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. •
DIVIDEND Dividend No. 53 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchinscn Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Monday, March 21," IS9B. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 15, 189S, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young Swedish girl desires situation as
second girl or nurse; $10 to $15; reference.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG experienced woman desires situation
as stewardess on steamer; is strong; good
nurse. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT CO., 765
Market St. — .
GERMAN second girl desires a situation. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. ' v .' :" . .;-
EASTERN woman and daughter want posi-
tions In the country; understands all branches
of housekeeping; good cook and splendid
manager; both competent to take charge.
i Box 2104,. Call Office.
FASHIONABLE dressmaker wishes a few .; en-
gagements In family by the day or week;
perfect fit and satisfaction guaranteed. 1103
Powell st.
POSITION wanted as cashier in restaurant by
young German lady; has experience; refer-
ence; no objection to small pay. Address 150
Fourth st. . . ■
COMPETENT young woman, good in composi-
tion, ' wishes position ; private secretary ■or
confidential clerk; small salary. E. N., 960
Clay st., Oakland. .
BY trustworthy woman, housework; good cook
and laundress; references; wages $10 to $12
monthly. 1868 William st., West. Oakland. |
RESPECTABLE colored woman wants a posi-
tion as a first-class cook in a private urn- i
■ ily or small boarding-house. 1024 Jackson st.
WANTED— Second work by willing young
Swedish girl in American family. : Call or
. address L. P.; 12 Ritch st.
REFINED lady with good references wishes
situation as housekeeper. Call or address
34Vi Turk St., room 15.
SITUATION wanted as hotel matron or house-
keeper; experienced; can give - good refer-
: ences and require the same.-; 2926 Bush" st. - ' •
SITUATION in confinement; middle-aged East-
ern lady; thoroughly competent; wages $1 per
day. Address 1120 Harrison st. : •" .'
FIRST-CLASS seamstress or dressmaker's as-
sistant wishes work by the day or to do plain
sewing and" mending. 618% Minna st.
WANTED— Position to do light housework or
care of invalid by lady (35). Address box
, t 2007, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes to assist morning or even-
ing or as companion to lady for room, board
and car fare. Address S. . M.. box 2006, Call.
GERMAN lady wishes a situation for second i
work or take care of invalid, would not ob- ;
ject to traveling; references. Box 2004, Call, i
WOMAN wishes work, washing or cleaning I
house by day or half. 521 Linden aye., near ;
Laguna st. ■ ,
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
do plain mending. 1104; Mission St., corner
of Seventh,' room 10.
COMPETENT woman to do general housework
in American family; Is a good cook; city or
country; wages $15. 110 Seventh. st. •;■'■,
COMPETENT German wishes work by the
day; $1 and car fare. Call for 2 days at 114
Fourth St., room 33. \
NEAT English cook; middle age; do American
style; is a nice laundress; city or country;
no postal cards answered. 129 Third st, r. 7.
WANTED, by middle-aged woman, house-
cleaning and general housework by the day.
Address 35 . Freelon st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes . situation ' as
housekeeper; city or Oakland. Branch Call
office, 106 Eleventh st.
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
cooking and general housework; wages $20.
Address box 2101, Call office.
SINGLE woman, first-class cook,. wishes place
as housekeeper or as cook. ~ 538 Minna st. ■:■-
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; good cutter and . fitter; $1 25
per day; no objection to country. Address
box 2036. Call. ■ . ' "•• " -J "^ "■.:■
SCANDINAVIAN ■ lady wishes a place as
housekeeper in small family; best of refer-
ences. Address 626 Post St.. ; ' ' ■ .
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or to do plain mending. 126 Fourth st. rm. 23.
SITUATION wanted by a young I married wo-
man with a child 8 months old: a place in a
private family; wages not so much an object
as a home. Cal! or address MRS. M. JOHN-
SON, Newport Hotel, room 8, corner Frank-
: lin and Oak sts. ■ ■
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
keeper's position or to do plain " mending.
8198 Howard St.. , room 3.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE Employm't Of Best " help and
Northern Heclng Co. - 1806 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment, office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. tel. East 426. : v
JAPANESE, Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki. 30 Geary.
JAPANESE Employment — Choice help;
tel. East 777. SOS Geary st. --
JAPANESE : employment office; .work ; : day,
hour or evening. 122?* O'Farrell; tel. Davis 605.
YOUNG man, able to keep plain books, attend
to correspondence,, collecting and willing to
make himself useful, wants a permanent po-
sition, or would take temporary employment;
day or night time. Address box 2061, Call. ,
MAN and wife wish work in hotel wife -to do
general work, chambermaid- and waitress,
man as bartender or night clerk; 10 years' ex-
perience ; reference. . Address : A."5 L., general
Postoffice, Alameda. - ■ '. ; -?
GERMAN, middle-aged, sober and steady man,
.: wants work as porter;. handy with tools. " 11l
| Prospect pi., bet. Sacramento and California.
LADIES' tailor and cutter '.wants 'situation; |
formerly of: Wilson & Ratner. Address 17
Little Russ st. _ ■'.■■' ■'.
WANTED— as first-class cutter,. with
good experience.: in first-class a tailoring; -8
'". years' experience. Address box 1469. Call. • "
WANTED— Position as bookkeeper and cashier;
- references furnished. Address box 14, Call.
RELIABLE boy, age 16, . residing with ?^ his
. parents, . German, wants to learn al , trade or
work In store; best *of references. *'■ Address
■; box 21CS, Call office. vr; .-. ..; -■: . : -. r; -_ L' ; - : . X \ -.« ..^
SALESMAN — Position :> desired -'• as £ traveling
.salesman by young man; r 8 years' experience; \
.good specialty man or can handle any line;
. unquestionable local ' and ■ Eastern • references.
:' Address ; box i 2072, Call office. .. •
BOOKKEEPER- aged : 26, 7 . years' experience,
■ ; references., desires position with manufactur-
v ing -: or J wholesale $ concern; '. moderate - salary,
with • chance for advancement. X., » box 25,
Call office.
SITUATIONS V." ANTED— Continued.
EDUCATED single coachman, first-clas3
horseman and good house worker, strictly
sober, willing and obliging, undeniable refer-
ences, many years with one family, desires
private work as coachman in California. Ad-
dress box 2132, Call office.
GERMAN horticulturist, competent in every
branch of gardening, wishes a situation; pri-
vate garden preferred. W. KLETT, 417 Har-
rison st.
JAPANESE wants situation as a waiter and
housework; has references. S. X., box 2073,
Call office.
THOROUGHLY experienced orchardist. well-
posted on fruit raising, grafting and pruning
trees, cultivating, irrigating, able to rals >
young fruit trees which, without protection
will stand hot weather, desires position at
working foreman oa orchard or new to start
orchard; single, sober, reliable man, 45 years
old: references. Address Orchardist, box 2131,
Call office.
LADIES' tailor wants cutting position: 6 years'
experience in the East on fine work; good
appearance. Box 2139. Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener or
to take care of horses; handy about the
house. 709% Buchanan st. ; best of references.
SITUATION as watchman; care of horses;
references. W., box 6. Call Office, Oakland.
MAN wishes position as cook in hotel or board-
Ing house; country preferred. Box 2059. Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 50 night ; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient _nd respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from fer y.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
CHAMBERMAID and assist wait (fare paid);
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., ICS Geary.
TWO waitresses, nice country hotels. $20;
chambermaid, country hotel, $20; waitress.
San Jose, $20; 3 waitresses, Redondo Beach;
3 w'ai tresses. Southern California; 2 wait-
resses, city, $20 and room; waitress, $6; 2
waitresses, fS. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl to cook for
mine owner and wiie at mine, see party here,
$25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
FAMILY cook. $25; German cook, $25; Scan-
dinavian cook. $25: 6 girls, housework. $20;
3 girls. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
HOTEL chambermaid, see party here this
morning, $20; chambermaid, hotel. Fresno,
$20; laundress, water resort, $20: 4 more wait-
resses, water resort in Southern California,
$20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. IPS Geary st.
LAUNDRESS and chambermaid, private fam-
ily, $25; 2 ironers in country laundry. $25.
fare paid; 3 second girls, $20 and $25; 5 cooks
in German and American families, $25 and
$30; 5 waitresses, hotels, etc.. $18 and $20:
dishwasher, $!.">, and a great many girls for
cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
AN Irish girl as cook, $30; 2 second girls. $25
and $20; 10 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25: 6 young girls, assist, $10 to
$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st :
FRENCH girl as companion, $20. MISS CUL- •
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $35. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
COOK, $30, American family; German second
girl, $20; German housegirl, $25; Irish girl,
$25; middle-aged woman, country, $20; girl,
light work, $12. MRS. NORTON, 328 Sutter^
SECOND girl. $25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sut-
ter Ft.
HOUSEGIRL, Oakland, $20; housegirl. Berke-
ley, $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
WANTED 'for a countrj' hotel, plain laundress
and assist chamberwork, $20: women for
housework on ranches, $15. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Emp. Agts., 634-636 Clay.
UPSTAIRS girl. $20; 2 cooks, $30; nursegirl,
$15; 8 girls for housework. 631 Larkin st.
LADY for bushellng: fully competent; ladies'
and gent's clothing. EMPORIUM CLOTH-
ING RENOVATORY. 109 Eddy St.
YOUNG business woman to tend store and
help proprietor in light business. H. F., box
12, Call offlce, Oakland.
YOUNG woman, general housework; good plain
cook; family 3 adults and children; wages $20.
71s Cole st. "■""
Y< TNG girl for general housework; small
wages. 1722 Howard st.
GIRL or woman wanted for light housework;
email compensation. 1203 Folsom st.
GIRL for light housework. Apply 1410 Hyde.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
St.; open evenings; Sundays, 3 to 5 p. m.
WANTED — We have a few vacant machines
for a limited number of inexperienced opera-
tors on white and fancy shirts. Standard
Shirt Factory, corner Gough and Grove ste,
WANTED— Woman 2.') to -i'> for light house-
work; can learn dressmaking; good home for
right party. Call after 12 at 116 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices on
gloves and suspenders. Apply CARSON
GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
WANTED— Reliable woman for general house-
work; must be good cook. Call bet. 1 and
4, 421 Ashbury st^*
ROOMS, respectable house, from 25c night and
Jl 50 week. 142 Seventh; central.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levl Strauss & Co.'s riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32^ Fremont st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
815 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP .WANTED.
WANTED— Oysterman, $40; night waiter, must
opes oysters, $36; waiter, $30; vegetable cook,
first-class hotel. $40; second cook for Hono-
lulu, $;.0: assistant cook, private place, $30; ■
third <-.}ok. $60; gardener for nursery. $30; !
gardener, private place, $25; assistant gar-
dener. $25. and others. ANDRE'S, 316
Stockton st.
HOTEL man with $'>000 can secure a flrst-class
country hotel; paying business. For parti-
culars see C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 permanent waiters, country, $35 and free
fare; 6 waiters, north, $40: 6 waiters, south, !
$5"; 4 waiters, small country hotels, $25; 2 1
waiters by the Ist for a summer resort, $30;
head and second cook for a small country 1
hotel. »»! camp cook, $50. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Ueary st.
OYSTER opener for a hotel, $35 and board;
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
IRONER7 near city, $25 to $30 and found;
ironer, steam laundry, $30 and found; starch-
er $30' marker and distributor, $30 and
found. C. R. HAftSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
COLORED waiter; $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108 Geary st.
MAN about place, with references; $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Gears' St.
CHICKEN butcher who can open oysters: for
a country hotel, $35 and free fare. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
PORTER, who can do tome gardening, country-
hotel. $25 and found; porter and runner,
countrj' hotel, $25: hotel porter, with refer-
ences, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
NIGHT clerk, with references, for a country
hotel; $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
BARBER for a country hotel. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
TO-DAY WE WANT
6 cooks. $50, $35. $30 and $25; 2 ranch cooks,
$30: cook for private family, $30, see boss
here: ironer. see boss here: baker for hotel;
3 dishwashers, $15; 5 waiters, $25, $20 and ?7
week. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
EMI'UtYKKP OP HELP
If you want first-class help please send us
your orders for same; all help supplied free
of charge. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st. ; tele-
phone Main 5548.
WORK WORK WORK FOR ALL
7 miners for a gravel mine, $2 50 day; 8 la-
borers, near city, $1 60 day; 2 teamsters, city;
195 woodchoppers, different places, $1 25 and
$1 cord; 376 tiemakers, Sc, Sc and 10c each;
stableman, city; 2 machinists, city, $2 75 day;
machinist, country shop, 23 farm, orchard and
vineyard hands: 6 milkers, $25 and $20. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-536 Clay st.
WANTED— Neat restaurant waiter, $40; neat
young man for dining-room. $15; American
cook for institution. $35: night cook, country
hotel, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Laundryman and wife for institu-
tion, $60; Ironer. $25 to $30; carriage painter.
$2 day; blacksmith's helper. $40; farmer and
wife, $50; butter-maker, $35; man to run
cream separater. $40. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— SO men for sawmill and woods, $26
to $45 and board: 50 men to make railroad
ties, Sc, 9c and 10c. Apply to J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
MAN and wife as gardener and cook, $40, see
party here at 11 o'clock. MRS. NORTON,
323 Sutter St.
GERMAN gardener for country, $25 and found
R. T. WARD & CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
MIDDLE-AGRD man, assist pantry work $1F
MISS CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
3 MEN. 1 carpenter, 1 engineer and 1 black-
smith: long job; no fee charged. HER-
MAN' S. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— A quick general tailor to work Uv
the week; good wages and steady work"
write for particulars. J. ZINNAMON, Colusa.
WANTED— A tailor to make pants and vests-
write for particulars; steady work. J ZIN-
NAMON, Colusa. j
HELP WANl^D— Contlnoed^^^
I =
Howard-st. entrance. _ .
Union, 637 Mission. . .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
324 . Grant aye. ■ - - ,
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 505 Broadway. ___-__»:
WANTED— Good barbers; S-chalr shop for sale.
207 Fourth st. ■ - '••-• ■
FINE coat makers wanted. Apply bet „ 1C and
11 a. m. to CHARLES LIONS. 721 Market st.
COOK, country. $C 0; porter,' country, ?20. - Hotel
Gazette, 420 Kearny st. ; ,
MAN for orchard work ; married ; steady job.
Box 2102, Call office. - - ,
WANTED— good waiter at the Golden West
Hotel, 32-36 Ellis St.
YOUNG man as dishwasher at 3034 Sixteenth
St.; Scandinavian preferred.
WANTED— Young man who has experience In
plating tableware. 396 Sixth st. ■ - ■ .
DISHWASHER wanted." 1191 Market st.
WANTED — Shoemaker and repairing. 343
'Third st.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; rent $6: elec-
tric light; price $45. 31 Eighth St., nr. Market.
SWEDISH or German man past middle-age t«
make himself generally useful in a small
family; 30 minutes from city; waces $6 4
month; comfortable place to right party.
Leave address at box 2012, Call office. ..
BOOKKEEPER, capable, with " some rr.echan»
ical knowledge preferred: wages moderate;
. permanent. Box 2008, Call office. -'■■■-' „
WANTED — First-class all - around earring*
painter immediately. Inquire of G. W. FOX,
Hunter st., Stockton. _
YOUNG German to help on milk wagon. 1507-
1509 "Broderick St., near Sutter.
BOY to work in kitchen and wait on table, $15 |
month; boarding house. 739 Fourth st. '
MECHANICS wanted — Shipwrights, ship
smiths, . chippers and calkers. shlpfltterB,
Bhlpfltters 1 helpers, holders on riveters, tin-
ners, coppersmiths, boat builders and spar-
makers. Apply at once at U. S. Navy Yard,
Mare Island, . Cal., with -iroof of American
citizenship. ' . ......
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of th»
United States, or those who have legally de-
. clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at . the re-
cruiting office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco, Cai.
WANTED — An Al dress goods salesman. Ap-
ply 623 Market st , room 7, from 2 to 3 p. m.
GOOD canvasser wanted— 9 Geary st., room 2.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean rooms; 1
nights 25c or 7&c week. 105 New Montgomery.
WANTED— First-class ladies' tailor: no others
need apply. VERDIER, 944 Geary st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 -hlrd tt.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764V4 Mission •
St., men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week. . ■_■■' .
FIRST-CLASS machinist— Highest wages to a
first-class workman. H. GHANG, machine
works. 105 Fremont st. -VV.-": -
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec., 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN to leai.i barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from .he ferry.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 2".c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sts.
MARKET, 863 Vi (Elcho House)— Rooms 20c, 250
to 50c per night ; $1 to $2 week. '
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for a room: 25c a night: «1 a week. ■
I LARKIN, 615— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
A GENTS WANTED.
SOLIcTtORS for "The Beautiful Lire ol j
Frances E. Wltlard" ; published under the -'
auspices and indorsed by the W. C. T. U. ;
the only official book; prepared by Anna Gor-
don, for 21 years Miss • Willard's secretary;
beautifully illustrated; only $2: tremendous
demand; bonanza for agents; superb book;
liberal commissions; complete outfit 50c.
JOHN E. HOHAM & CO.. authorized dis-
tributors, 334 Dearborn St., Chicago, 111.
WANTED— Agents to sell Mura* Halstead'a
great Cuba book: all about Cuba, Spain and \ {
war; great excitement: every one buys it; 1 . %
agent sold S7 in 1 day; another made $13 In '
1 hour; 600 -pages; magnificent illustrations,
photographs, etc. ; low price: we guarantee
the most liberal terms: freight paid;. 2o days' "
credit; outfit free; send 6 2-cent stamps to pay
postage. - THE BIBLE HOUSE, 324 Dearborn
Ft.. Chicago. ' :
~ ~ PARTNERS "WANTED. '■
PARTNER to attend to office" and telephone;
male or female: very small capital. A. 8..
Call office branch, 621 McAllister St.
PARTNER wanted with $4000 In a first-class
family hotel. Box 2071. Call office.
FURNITURE WANTED.
HIGHEST prices to till new building-. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. ; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
■\\ R00..1S ANTED.
TWO rooms carpeted ; north of Bush, west of
Powell. Address Box 2103 Call.
WANTED— MI MKLLANEOUS.
WANTED-_An entire outfit for a small book
bindery. Box 2135. Call office.
WANTED — good - . second-hand gasollna
launch. Lock box 329, Red Bluff, Cal.
WANTED— IOO goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
. . hand. 109 Montgomery st. . ■
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
! Ing, ' telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil : and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; ■ 11M
graduates placed since 1592; catalogue. \.
A YRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ;
individual - instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, ■ telegraphy, etc.; " life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month. •:»-: ■•.:;
ACCOMPLISHED musician and linguist from '
Europe is - open to engagements. • Box 2010,
Call office. . ' ■ ■•• .-■•■,.
ENGINEERING School : - civil.- electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER AILEN. 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING - and rapid calculations; a
course in . Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. * Room 572, 855 Market st.
MRS. FRIEDBERG, voice culture; 50c a les-
sen. » 914 O'Farrell st.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1238 Mar^
ket St.; 124 positions in '96: 103 in '97. ;
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day, night: $5 m 0... 1504 Market, op. Bth.
j GUITAR, I mandolin/- piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. • MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate; French,
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS , AT -LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce laws specialty; private;
■ no fee : without, success; 1 collections,' wills,
, probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort-
gages, : copartnership, bills-of-sale. patents,
trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, 860 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE . free: :■ no - charge ■ unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
;■/.>' STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, . pianos,
T household ■ goods ; clean, ■ light compartments ;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1023
Mission St.*. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest ; Household goods pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof ;. building. "F. W.
_ZEHFUSS. S4O Mission st. Tel. Mint IS2I.
SUMMER. RESORTS. ,
ELEGANTLY furnished hotel in : Mill • Valley. /
30 rooms, baths and all latest improvements; /
beautiful "grounds; unsurpassed view; only '.
%i hour from San Francisco; rent low. Par-
: tlculars. ; MADISON & .:■ BURKE. 626 ; Market.
B CYCLES. "■■■;'.-
TO First-class ' rifle for~»T bicycle In
i good repair. A. 8., ? b0x 2070, Call office.nUh.INES.3 CHANCES.
PARTNER wanted In well paying res-
taurant: central; owner tired oi unreliable
help; trial given to suitable party. Apply
M. LESS, 785 Market St.
11760— DAY saloon; established 25 years; among |
wholesale houses; value of stock fully $2000; |
business speaks for itself; full investigation; j
an A proposition. Apply at once to M. LESS,
765 Market st. __- j
$700— RESTAURANT in largest manufacturing I
district of this city; receipts $55 per day;
proof furnished and trial given If you mean
business; rent only »3». M. LESS. 765 Market.
$500— PARTNER wanted in a commission busi-
ness, established over 20 years, doing a good J
paying business; beat of references furnished; I
thorough investigation allowed: must be a
steady, sober man. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant for sale in very
best suburban town across the bay; located
on corner of two of the most prominent I
streets; practically without opposition in its
neighborhood; positively clearing $200 to $250
per month; owner there for over seven years
and offers his business at a great sacrifice on
account of departure north; no reasonable '
offer refused. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
w __ , . I
A— SI2S— SALOON; daily receipts $10; value in
Bight; a snap. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary st.
A— s4oo; RESTAURANT; nicest little place In i
city; $15 to $25 daily. KREDO & CO.. 22 1 '
Geary st.
A— 1600; FRENCH restaurant; well worth $1000; I
value in sight; good steady business. KREDO I
& CO., 22% Geary st.
A— s2so; HOME bakery: bargain at $500; noth-
ing like it ever offered. . KREDO & CO., 22%
Geary st.
$450; SALOON, near city; clears $150.
— Saloon and lunch, near theaters; snap.
$650— Saloon; best corner north of Market.
Money loaned. KUEDO & CO., 22% Geary st. j
PARTNER wanted by a lady in pork and
delicacy store; choicest location; close to |
Market St.; doing first-class paying business; i
rare chance for good man. Inquire WILKE,
753 Market st.
$1500; old-established saloon with 15, fur- ;
nished rooms; doing a first-class paying busi- !
y ness; choicest location; close to Ellis and i
Market sts.; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE. 783
Market st.
.
Old-established and first-class paying sa- j
loon, with living-rooms, close to Kearny and i
Sutter sts.; actual value $2000; owner
compelled by sickness to sacrifice. WILKE. ;
753 Market St.. |
$750; OLD established restaurant. 1 block
from cor. Fourth and Market: kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good paying busi-
ness; Investigate soon. WILKE, 7SS Market.
HEALY & CO., 917 Market St.. boy, sell or ex-
change business quick; partners procured.
SALOON; best part of Sixth st. ; cheap
at $500. See HEALY & CO., 917 Market st.
BRANCH bakery, delicatessen store; re- i
ceipts $10 day; 3 rooms. HEALY, 917 Market.
$275— BRANCH bakery and variety store. 2
rooms; rent $15. HEALY & CO., 917 Market.
$150— PARTNER wanted in office and commis-
sion business; will clear $75 per month to
each. See HEALY & CO.. &17 Market st.
$200 — CORNER saloon; bargain this day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st. -
$150— CANDY store and ice-cream parlors; bar-
gain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny St.
$200— GROCERY and bar; selling on account of
sickness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny.
$125— CIGAR stand: bargain; this day. Mo-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 30 Kearny st.
FRUIT store; best in the city $600
Stationery store in Hayes Valley 500
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
SALOON, 6 rooms; near Call building; worth
$2000: only $S5O. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
FOR — An established nursery; nearly 2
res of land, with green houses, heating
apparatus, etc.; choice stock of plants; good
Deas chance for the right man. Apply to
A. M. 6PECK & CO.. 602 Market at.
GOOD paying 2-chair barber shop and cigar
ftar.d. Western Addition, for sale at once on j
account of sickness. Call bet. 1 and 2:30
o'clock at 729 C Clementina st. S. W. MAR-
SHALL. '
$4rt& 7T CORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$500— Grocery and bar; best corner in city.
?250 — Very nice cigar store; good location.
5300 — Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON & CO.'S, 777 Market st.
J2OO— PARTNER wanted In light business suit-
ed to steady man satisfied with $15 to $25 a j
week: no experience required; trial given.
724% Market St.. room 17.
ESTABLISHED news and stationery
store and laundry office, doing good business; j
I am going to Alaska; make offer. 101% Fiftn.
$750 — CORNER grocery in Oakland, including
horse, wagon and fixtures; established trade.
AcUress Grocer, box 11. Call office, Oakland.
OS ar-count of other business, v.-il) sell half or !
■ whole of best saloon in city; fine location; '
cheap rent- Inquire Call office.
$300 — OLD-ESTABLISHED stationery, news
and cigar-store for sale at a sacrifice. Apply
Call branch, 621 McAllister st. .
$300 WILL purchase the Nickel saloon, stock,
fittings and furniture. 130 Seventh St.. near
the new Postofflce site.
- PARTY with $500 to start weekly paper; city;
It principal. Box 2005, Call office.
r FOR SALE cheap — Stock and fixtures In nov-
elty store. 1417 Polk st.
Ji:o— BRANCH bakery and notion store; re-
ceipts, $4 to $7 day; 3 living rs. 3012 Sixteenth.
CIGAR stand; must sell to-day for $95; worth
double. 33 Third st.
$S')— SALOON for sale; cause, sickness. Apply
31ti rehama st.
FOR sale for half its value, the old cigar
store at 3S Second St., owing to continued
, sickness and age; come quick.
GOOD soda water route for sale cheap; horse,
harness, wagon. Apply 98 Chenery St., cor.
Thirty-first^ ; -
FOR Sale— Cigar store. 522 Battery st. Open j
from 7 a. m. to 6 p. m. . ■
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE.!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
■ 7C5 Mission, bet. Third and Fourth, San Fran-
cisco; 94 rooms; all new beds; on one floor:
partitions included which cost over J2000;
running full; cheap rent, long les»se. privilege
of renewing same; on Investment of $2000 lor
ISD7 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on accoount of falling health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises. '
FOR SALE— The business of the late John
Gross; the oldest established candy factory
and ice cream parlors in San Joaquin Coun-
ty. Address 25 North Eldorado St., Stockton,
Cal. ; " -
COUNTRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all
necessary tools and stock: situated on Boul-
din Island. San Joaquin County. For further
information Inquire of H. VOORMAN. aO6
Battery St.. San Francisco, or at the prem-
ises on Bouldin Island. -
HOME bakery, notions; established 4 years;
good trade: 6 rooms; rent $15. 1913 Howard.
tIOOO-ONB-TBNTH interest in advertising busi-
V ness- at conservative estimate will net $5000
a Tear in S. F. ; investor can handle his own
money. Apply CAHILL, 107 Sixth st.
FOR Blacksmith business; the best loca-
Ttion in Oakland; two fires; will sell one or
both sets of tools; good business, good prices;
rent low; satisfactory reasons for selling;
chance of a lifetime. WILLIAM JAMES,
1008 Franklin st., Oakland.
RESTAURANT Men, Attention— of the
oldest and best paying restaurants south of
Market St.; right In center of large factories
and foundries; always full and clearing $130
per month; price 5350; trial given; cause of
sale owner retiring from business. Box 2123,
Call office.
CARPENTER shop; good location; cheap rent;
$75 to $100 Income per month; $75 worth of
stock; will s'-ll for $75; owner having to leave
the city. Box 2121. Call office. ■
FOR sale, account of sickness, , first-class sa-
loon; open for years; price very low. FER-
RARI & CANEPA, 407 Montgomery aye., or
•38 Vallejo St.
HA UN and saddlery shop for sale in East
Oakland very cheap; good location; selling
on account of sickness. 12th st. and 13th aye.
A FINE bakery, stationery and notion, worth
$800, to be Bold for $500; must sell. 2852 Fol-
6om . St. ..V-.', . :
$45— BAKER V and notion store. 2552 Folsom st. ;
worth $100; 4 rooms and bath; rent $12; must
sell. ■
A NO. 1 shoemaker stand; plenty repairing;
cheap rent. Apply 3767 -Twenty-fourth st.
EMPLOYER desires loan if $200 on security;
will give position. R. E.. box 2144, Call.
SALOON, newly fitted up, - for sale cheap;
owner leaving town. 619 Merchant st.
DINING-ROOM and kitchen in first-class pri-
vate hotel to let. 1105 Hyde st.
FOR Sale — Corner grocery and bar; good loca-
tion. 1552 Folsom at. -
BARBER shop at sacrifice on account of sick-
net-3. 434 Pacific st. - -
GOOD bakery with outside route; good loca-
tion; parties going to country. Box 16, Call
branch office, 106 Eleventh st. • -". •
GOOD business for sale; bakery, with large,
. paying route; present owner going East.
m 1205 Market St., Oakland. . -■
S SALOON at. ii reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery. ■ : '
SHOE store: well-established custom tnflle.
I Apply Call branch office, 339 Hayes at.
$400— CIGAR store, with 4 rooms In rear. 1519
Market St.. . > .
FOR sale— One of the best bakeries in the city,
Inquire at 1503 Polk bt.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued:
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglst'd Pat.
Agents; established 1882. 319 Pine St.. city.
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for |
sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office. I
Pi iHTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or ».t IS3 Third St., Portland. Oregon.
FIRST-CLASS 1-chair barber shop; 2 living i
rooms; 3 years' lease: building Insured. Ad- !
dress HENRY BERDROW, Le Grand, Cal.
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin sts.. rent
$20; 2 fine basements, off Market st., suitable i
for any business or storage.- Apply 15 Grant. I
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
ALASKA ENTEUPRISES.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
wholesale and retail grocers, 531 Washington.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 189 First st.
LARGE long-haired dog; suitable for Alaska;
a bargain. 130 Seventh st. ________
GOOD strong dogs, trained for Alaska, for sale
at 510 Van Ness aye. '
YUKON dog harness: best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMANN, 1238 Fillmore st. t
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
KLONDIKE do*?: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIffi Bale Yard, 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and best Klondike stoves in the
world HOLMES & CO., 416-41S Jackson st.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. Q. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
LOIM.IN*. HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO. successful Brokers, 22% Geary, j
SO rooms: clears $150; good transient $1200 I
26 rooms; Market St.; clears $75; snap.... 450
16 rooms; Market St., near Sixth; offices. 700 i
12 rooms; Third St.; rent $27 50............ 200
11 rooms; all rented; corner; worth $600.. 325
10 rooms; all new; central and sunny.... 325
7 rooms; o'Farrell st; clears $35 225
$675—12 ROOMS: nice little boarding-house;
clears $100 month. KREDO & CO. 22% Geary.
$400—7 ROOMS: lovely home; free rent and $25
profit. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st. '
$'00— 15 ROOMS; corner Market; clears $50;
don't miss it. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary st.
110-ROOM house; clears $350 $6500
20 rooms, on Van Ness aye 1100 |
35 rooms, on Van Ness. aye 2000
14 rooms, on Post (very fine) 1500
12 rooms, on O'Farrell; clears $60 500
7 rooms, new; payments; on Taylor St.. 400 ;
11-room house; sunny corner; fine 800 |
26 rooms; new and good 800 [
36 rooms, on Mission 1000
82 rooms, on Market: clears $250 2800
24 rooms, on Kearny: clears $200 2500
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
LODGING-HOUSE, 23 rooms; - bargain.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny at.
$50— LODGING-HOUSE of 6 rooms, furnished;
sickness. Inquire at 268 Stevenson st.
$200— 13-ROOM house: all full: must be sold: |
"sickness. 320 Minna st. ;
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me- !
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beaie st. j
DRUMMER'S samples little boys' fancy and i
plain suits at a sacrifice. 107 Sansome St.. ;
upstairs.
' GAS engine. 12-horse power; Oriental No. 4;
centrifugal pump; engine runs with gasoline,
coal oil, benzine or distillate. Box 2074. Call.
CALIGRAPH typewriter in fine order, $20; a
bargain; send for sample" of work. ALEX- !
A"NDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st. |
TEN large dogs for Klondike. 2321 Twenty- I
third st.. back City and County Hospital.
TWO fine Jersey milch cows for sale. Ap-
ply at stable. 523 Minna st.. above Sixth. -
LAUNDRY machinery, engines dynamos elec- ;
trical; new, 2d-hand. Bmlth Co., 027 Mission, j
YOUNG fresh Jersey cow and heifer calf. 236
Pore st. ; i
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUT- ;
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye. I
FOR sale— Second-hand Brunswick-Balke-Col- !
lender billiard table, in first-class condition.
Apply 1363 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS large. .windmill; 2 large new
tanks; brass pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap.,
0"4 Mission st. ■ ...-.-.-, ■ . ' |
PICTURE framing, complete, with glass 7x9
inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c; 11x14 and I2x
16. 20c; 14x17. 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24,
40c; curtain poles, complete, 16c: room mold- :
Ing' all colors, lc per foot; portraits enlarged,
60c; open evenings. JONES, 647 Mission st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ter?,' linoleum, ! office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1013-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth. j
J R POOL house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97: bonded warehouse.
Sari Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO.. San Francisco.
ENGINE boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission Bt.
SAFES-New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mate. 533 Sacramento.
S Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records. $5 per doz;
Projectoscope. $100. Baclgalupi. 933-946 Mrkt.
i COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
SEWING MACHINES.
i ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
! . repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
' $2 MONTHLY— Rented,' repaired, bought, sold;
mac Tie supplies. 14. Sixth St.: phone Mint 45.
•-— Rl 7gn. CLEASISC.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
' J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
, alteration works, 413 McAllister; Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c. per yard: relaid at Be.
i STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT • Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT: tel. Jessie 301.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.: cleaning, 3c. a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. .
DENTISTS.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; - painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up; sliver
fillings, 26c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
; 997 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695.
A FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty: fillings. 50c: crowns, $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
NEW YORK (Dentists- Painless extraction, 60c;
plates, $5; gold filling, 75c up: silver, 25c up;
plates mended, $1 up; open evenings and
Sundays. 969 Mission st., cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market' St., nr. 11th;
no charge for . extracting . when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $3 per set; extracting 60c; gas given.;
i DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, . genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction ana
patentee of improve.! bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O Parrel!.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 906 to
819 Market St., Academy of Sciences building.,
rooms 30, 31 and 32. fifth floor.
if a TOAGUE A CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bidg^Gth^floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320. Market st. ' r -
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk St. '___
'—■  •;;.; ' "~LOST. ___________ '- y ' _^
i octT— At Alcazar Theater, " pearl-handle um-
brella-silver mountings: initials B. S. ; liberal
reward. Return 636 Market st. . ,
.'V Tuesday morning, a gold locket: picture
enclosed. Return i:,30 Golden Gate.; reward.
LOST— Saturday, feather boa; reward. Ad-
'•■' dress 520 Capp st. :• , ' ■ ■ ,-
ca b« given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
UNCLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
FOUND.
FOUND— Diamond rlr.pr. Golden Gate Cloak
and Suit House. 1230-1232 Market ft.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. : O' DON NELL, office and residence,
.-... J306 ■ Market; : diseases of.;. women a specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 18, 1898,
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN —-•■"■; "'
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN ; &
HOWELL. 10 ' Montgomery.
BAY-WINDOW house 4 rooms and basement.
212 Perry st : rent $12 50: water free. : Apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FURNISHED house. 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest improvements; furniture new; piano;
• near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437. Call office. > .-".:■.
MCALLISTER. 818— Sunny house, 8 rooms;
front and rear garden; rent reduced $35.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and stable. Apply
Twenty-seventh and Alabama sts. ' ■ ■ .- ..- '
6-ROOM house, bath and basement, $11; Laurel j
aye., near Turk and Buchanan sts. HOOKER
& LENT. 14 Post st. __^___.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
MISSION, 2726. sunny belt— Parlor floor 5 nice-
ly furnished rooms; every convenience for
housekeeping; piano; bath; gardens; $25. .
10 R.. PACIFIC Heights: modern: furnished or
not; long or short time. 2716 Scott. ':
COTTAGES TO LET.
BERKELEY— cottage, electric lights
throughout, to rent for the summer. 2115
Bancroft way, near Berkeley. Station; $25. j
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms: bath: base- ;
ment; yard and stable; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth !
St., near Dolores. "r-
FURNISHED FLATS.
HOWARD, 2443— Lower flat, 5 rooms, laundry,
bath, piano, sewing machine r fine location.
FLATS TO LET.
A— DOWNTOWN flats; 4 rooms each; cheap
rent: $10 and $12; 508 and 510 Natoma st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
CAPP, — Flat of 3 large rooms; large base-
ment; rent $10.
ELEGANT top flat; 6 rooms, bath; latest Im-
provements. 145 Grove St., near City "Hall.
FELL, — Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlors, etc.
FOLSOM. 909, near Fifth— new middle bay-
window flat, 3 rooms; gas, bath, tubs.
$16; FLAT 6 rooms and bath, yard. 23 Wash-
ington aye., off Mission st., near Ninth.
— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye., near Van Ness.
$13— NICE sunny flat, 5 rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
WATER free; sunny lower 4-room flat;
modern: large lot; garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro: care key 4071.
' HOUSEKEEPING ROO^S.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished, $7.
EDDY, 628 — Parlor floor, 3 elegantly furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms; bath and gas; pri-
vate family; nice neighborhood; references.
ELGIN Park. 36, off Thirteenth— 3 or 4 large
sunny rooms; furnished complete for house-
keeping; running water; every convenience.
FIFTH, Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms: also single and double rooms.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms, $13; 2, $12; also single room, $5.
FIFTH. 428%— Front room, and kitchen, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping.
FOLSOM, 523— Large front bay-window room
for housekeeping; also single room, connect-
ing; hot and cold water; bath.
FOLSOM. 974— Sunny, room complete for house-
keeping; rent reasonable.
FOURTH, Nice sunny front rooms for
. housekeeping. ■ . '
GEARY, 429— Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
HAMPTON ' place, 3. off Folsom. bet. Second
and Third — 3 sunny rooms; yard, basement.
HICKORY aye., 181, near Gough— Furnished
housekeeping rooms, every convenience, $8 up.
MINNA. 573. near Seventh — Large sunny
rooms: complete; yard; also single; cheap.
MISSION. 1024 — Sunny bay-window . alcove
loom; complete for housekeeping; single
rooms. . -' : -
MCALLISTER. 422—2 or 3 nicely furnished
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas range;
all conveniences.
NINTH. Front suite and single rooms for
housekeeping; gas: water; stove.
POLK, 622— Unfurnished or furnished room;
suites or single; rent cheap. . .. ■ ...
POLK 1819— Sunny unfurnished housekeeping
rooms in suites of 3 or 4 rooms; bath.
SOUTH PARK, 184— 2 cicely . furnished sunny
front housekeeping rooms, complete, $9 mo.
TENTH, 126 — 2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
THIRD, 309 — 2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping, $7; other rooms.
THIRTEENTH, 409%, above Valencia— sll; 3
unfurnished rooms, bath and yard.
TWELFTH. 145, cor. Howard— Sunny furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping. "
CHEAPEST- ami best in America— Weekly
! • Call. Sent to any address In the United
! States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
I free. - _^_____:
ROOMS TO LET.
I ALTON, 204 McAllister— Lovely sunny large
front and single rooms; $6 mo. up; bath; gas.
■ ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable..
i BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen: references given.
, BOND, 16— Nicely furnished front room for 1
or 2 gentlemen. - •
i BRYANT, 430 — Sunny nicely furnished room;
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $7 per month.
CENTRAL House, 62 Good family & single
rms.; day, 25, 50c; wk., $1 25, $2 50; mo., $s. up.
DELAWARE, 1151 Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
: EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,.
i 50c to $1; week. $2 to $6; families.
; EDDY, 619— Pleasant furnished front rooms,
I single or en suite; also sunny kitchen; reason-
able. -.
FRANKLIN, 201, corner Fell — An elegant new-
ly furnished modern sunny room for 2, $S mo.
FULTON, 833 — Two unfurnished front rooms
with board. The Mizpah.
GEARY, 518— Large sunny bay-window room,
light housekeeping suite and single room.
GEARY, — 2 large furnished sunny parlors
. in quiet private family.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON, Finely furnished sunny
rooms; bath; all conveniences; private; $1
week. - : "
HOUSEKEEPING robins; small family; West-
ern Addition; north of McAllister. Box 2020,
Call office. .
I HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
1 suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD, Nicely furnished bay-window
front room; Private family; cheap.
HOWARD, 989— 8y day, weeK or month 23c,
80c, 75c and $1 per day; $5 to $15 per month.
' HOWARD, 1153, near ; Eighth— Well-furnished
sunny rooms, quiet and respectable, $6 to $12
per month. ■ ' ■ .' -,■. . :
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
TON. • ..... ■ ■■,:-::<.■
i KEARNY, 215— Newly furnished ' suites; also
single rooms; first floor.
LINDEN AYE., 231— Flat of 4 rooms and bath.
, Apply 328 Fell St. , ... ;
MASON, 511— Large sunny room; also single
room: gas, bath; .private family; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 511— Sunny back parlor ;>■ grate:
gas; bath; $8 month; 2 gentlemen.
MCALLISTER, Nicely furnished . front
suite; $15 per month; hot and ; cold ' water. ;
MISSION, 1226, bet. Eighth and Ninth— 3 sunny
rooms; parlor floor; together or otherwise;
bath, gas and piano.
NEVADA House. 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $150
to $4 50 week, $6 to $15 a month; also house-
keeping. . ■-' ' ■ - ■ .
oak, 22 — Nicely furnished modern rooms, $6 :
and $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
O'FARRELL, 635%— Large front , room, fur-
nished or unfurnished, for 2, ; $8 per month.'. :,
PERRY, — Large furnished . sunny - room ; i hot
water; bath ; use kitchen; reasonable/ v -■ \
PHILADELPHIA House, . 421 . Bußh— Rooms;
gas; running water; $1 week up; " sunny. v',; ; .
PINE, 739— Nicely furnished suite ■ of parlors;
suitable , for man and wife; cheap.; ■ --; .
POWELL, 203 (The - Montello)— Sunny . suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient. ■
POWELL, 609— nicely furnished sunny
- looms adjoining; suitable for two gentlemen. ,
SHERMAN - Apartment House. 28 ■'■■ Eighth St.,
near Market; : furnished and unfurnished. f ■
SOUTH PARK, - 111— Nicely * furnished sunny
bay-window room; suitable for 1 or. 2 gentle-
* men; •$8 month. - -. . ; ■ ■-.■■. ■• '- - ;... ■.;. ■■■':.:
SIXTH. 125— Nicely furnished . front'- sunny
rooms; very reasonable; -. double and single. -.: :'•
STOCKTON, 17— European; elegant : rooms;
'■ suite or single; day, " week , or month; J baths;
hot ■ and cold water; transient; elevator.
- . - ■ ■ ■ ,■■•-.■; ",*■ »->«>?£ r
ROOMS TO Continued. .
SUTTER 715-717-719, and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn. ; choice and sunny; reasonable.
THE RANDOLPH, 501. Post, corner Mason— so
■ bay-window parlors; smaller room*; water:
' gas : $1 50 to $4 50 week; $5 to $20 month.
-nOARDING AND ROOMS. :
FOLSOM, Swedish private boarding, with,
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location. _.':
HYDE 1105— Front . sunny ; bay-window . room:
gas; bath; running water; first-class board;
$20. a month.': ■* ■' ■
SOUTH PARK. Good table board. $3 "per
week, with nice sunny front room, $4 week.,- ■
TURK Nice room two gentlemen; bath;
gas; grate; board: private family; $35. ■;-.-. j
VAN • NESS Beautiful sunny „: rooms;:
southern exposure; building, new; all mod-
ern conveniences; newly furnished; elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. Apply at 808,
Van Ness r.ve. • " "' _"'
STORES TO LET.
CORNER grocery; fixtures complete; 3 rooms; ■■
• brick basement. Northeast corner. Dolores
and Fifteenth bts. fj \J
STORE, with rooms, 2946 Mission st. ; occupied
for 9 years as cigar and stationery store;
.-near school. • ' . ' ■
FIRST, — Store to let; 2 living rooms; rent
cheap. . .;■'■'.. *--■'- ■ .'■■-•.-••
$10—275 FELL St., large store and 3 rooms
suitable for any .business.
OFFICES TO LET.
LARGE front office. 30x50; elegant carpet;
•very cheap rent. I^2B Market st. :
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? „..-„, YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO? ■ .-
WELL NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT? .
A piano made In IS9S, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every.,
respect with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1849 scales? -
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have. As I own my own build-
Ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this Instrument with $2,000,000, this, I.
think, a good guarantee. , ' - .■.
The piano is the Kingsbury. ■
The price Is $225. - . •. :
The address. Is 526 ''"■£****•,„, .
The firm, is J. HARRY SCOTT.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and tfl per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. ' Bargains
in good second-hani uprights upon same easy
payments and som> good pianos for $3, $4 and
ll per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stein*-ay Dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts.. San Francis' and Thirteenth and |
Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW more bargains In second-hand pianos—
Ronlsch • $123
Mathusek ..'. ••• • 150
Augustus Baus & Co 200
Cameron • 250
Byron Mauzy 300
BYRON MAUZY, pianos, 808-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell »t. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all ;
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- J
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16-20 O'Farrell.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy, Newby, Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year.. 308. 310. 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
PIANOFORTE, square grand* a bargain; $60;
cost $200.' Apply HO Seventh st. .
WANTED— Upright piano to use for storage
by. responsible lady. 2311 Howard st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 Post st.
$125— FINE upright; great bargain. 16 McAllis-
j ter St., next Hllornla Bank. BCHMITZ.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; • second-hand
' pianos, $75 up. '■'. . C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zither*, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles^C~only Dr. and Mrs. M. Da vies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women; j
' &0 years' practice; sale and quick cure guar- ,
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, j
though else Tail; delicacy, privacy, home, :
etc.: babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure, sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister st.; pills, $2. - -
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved, by electricity; home In confinement;
best care and privacy: for guaranteed relief :
consult the doctor, free, before going else- 1
where; ' regulating • pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 918 Post st., nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladles,
near or far, consult free the only doctor who
uses Sehenck's method, the celebrated French
physician: a safe, sure and reliable cure for
all Irregularities from whatever cause; re-
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex-
celled- IS years' practice; maternity home:
best skill, low fees; pills. $2. -
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all ■ female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour- !
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will : find in her a true friend. J MRS.
DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st. ■
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; I every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what j
cause; restore In 1 day; never fails; consujta-
I tion free: can be sent and used at home. . DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no Instruments used; cure at of-
fice $/3: consultation free; hours 10 to 5. DR.
AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market St.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price
»1 HO. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay «t.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X Bt., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express CO D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, .*.!• McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. . ■
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. , 2r.4>» Fourth st.
HOME In > confinement: diseases ,of women.
MRS: DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St., Alameda.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
KT)ptlonn ptiii want Rfls twkpn. ' ' ■
, . HORSES.
TWO fast pacers, : 1 carriage horse and 1 finely
matched road team. Call at Santa " Clara
Stablea, 164 Golden Gate aye.
HORSES, harness, . laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, -. carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia st. ,■■»'.;
WANTED— 6O - old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. • Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city. .
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse , Mar-
ket, -827 Sixth St., auction Bales every Wed-
nesday. STTTXTVAN * DOYLF!. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ''.- '
GOOD delivery : wagon cheap. Inquire Meat
Market, 376 Howard st. •
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
" buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
LEGAL* NOTICES. " ~
NOTICE TO CREDITORS-Estatß 'oT'jACOB
C. JOHNSON, deceased.
Notice is hereby given by tile undersigned,
ANNA E. JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, deceased.- to the
creditors . of, -■ and all - persons having claims
i against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
' the necessary .vouchers,,- within ten months
j after the first publication of this notice, to the
I nald executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
' SON CO., No. 400 Market st.,, the same being
her place for . the transaction of the business
i of the said estate In the City and County, of
• Ban Francisco. State of California.
--■;- ANNA E. JOHNSON,
! Executrix of = the estate ,of JACOB C. JOHN-
SON, deceased. ' '
Dated at San Francisco, February 24, 1838.
•. : . ..: . - -'.J. ' A. STEPHENS, ■
Attorney for Executrix, Clans Spreckels build-
ing. --- ' ./ '•■• -■: >■ ■■■■■■- -.■.-.- •■■--■ ■-.- ■:--:•:■ ■
CITY and County . ; Treasury, San Francisco.
March lii. 1838— In compliance with the provis-
ions of section 5 of order 1508 of the Board of
Supervisors, approved r September 15. * 1880,
there will be sold at public auction by E. S.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, ■ 31 and 33
Utter str«£ N 0n AYi APRIL * 1898. i \
i At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry, articles of. stolen,
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed in
an inventory thereof on file •in the ; office <of
! the ■ clerk of the Board ,of Supervisors; and
consisting of -Jewelry,' _ wearing apparel, pis-
tols ' knives,' etc.; also a lot of trunks, valises, ;
' clothing, etc., property of ; deceased persons
* received from "the ■■ Coroner, of i this , city and
county "■ Open • for.' Inspection '■ on t morning ■of
Bale ■-; .'■ *.->:■/:'?■* "A. C. WIDBER.
City and County. Treasurer.
PERSONALS."
HYPNOTISM - taught in five lessons by lady
: metaphysician of wide experience; all may
witness . demonstrations to-night free; last
evening to the public. 911 Van Ness aye. .-.
TO the Public— l hereby caution all persons not
to trust my divorced wife. HENRIETTA
FISCHER, of 919 Sanchez st. on my account,
as , I will not be responsible for any debts
contracted by her. JULIUS FISCHER. ■ :■ J ■
NlCE; young man wishes the acquaintance of
a young or middle-aged lady, with some good
• | capital; object matrimony. Call or address
.-JOHN, MICHAEL, 765 Market St.. room 23. - - ;
BOXING and bag. punching taught by an ex-
-; pert thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-;
Ings; moderate.^ Address box 1460. Call of fie
' ['-■ ■• ' MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage «end 10c and postage for
v March "Wedding Bell"; 16 pages: no $5 re-
' quired. . Editor. 11l Ellis St.. San Francisco. .
:[■ UISINiSS PERSONALS -^^^^
A 'FREE prescription- for monthly irrt-gulari- ,
ties: it never fails to; relieve in one day; no
-'deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $3 order,
'•after which it can be made at home at a
. cost of a few cents; ' by sending $2 in- 2c'
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months: office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO., 30% Geary at.,
■.San Francisco. ' " '■ - ■ . .
AS a first-class halr-dresaer I pride myself
■ upon having no equal: price only- 25c; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 90; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays , from • 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. '
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market; 200 rooms,
23c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
- N. BRUNT. 535 Clay st... S. F.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
' movement. '906 Market, room 25, second floor.
MRS. JOHNSON'S new method electric mas-
sage; rooms heated. Office ID, 118. Grant aye.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS, 1200 Webster.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made j suits to order
. • at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic effects ' a : healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
AGENT; wanted to take orders for merchant
. tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny.
TRUNKS moved. 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49.
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMY-KERE.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy st.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
WONDERFUL spiritual power demonstrated
to-night, 997 Market st. ; ballot test; articles
read; Professor Gee, Professor Fisher will
find hidden articles blindfolded through spirit
power; 10c.
MRS. FULTON TULET, materializing Tues-
day and Friday nights, 50c. 1513 Geary st.
MRS. ELSIE REYNOLDS, materializing seance
Friday evening, 60c. 322 O'Farrellst.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St., room 14.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader. magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor St.. room
2;; mind-reader and palmist. ■ .
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120^ Geary st.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921V6 Mission; German spoken.
MISS BELL GRANT, card reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post st., room 10. *
MISS 'L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market st., room 41, top floor.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c; G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post Ft., room 2.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fession; never falls; advice; help. 929 Post.
MME. SVAENSON, only reliable card-reader
and fortune teller; 25c. -41 Geary st.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings.
Si; circles Tues., I; Sat. eve., I p. m. ;-23c.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
■ Hum. 119 Halght st. ■■■ ■"
MRS. SHRINER, clairvoyant- for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, Fplritual medium, for
messages and advice. 818 Stockton st. -
61 K LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ad" taken.
HYPNOTISM.
BERNARD'S clinic medical hypnotism—
clinic, 10 to 12: private treatment 1 to 5: In-
struction, clinical course, $25. 209 Turk st. .
BAM FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
p eutics; private instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TURMAN. Sec. .
PALM6TKY.
PROF. BOZANI. palmist, has removed from
307 .Tones to 597 Ellis.
TypEVVRIIERS ■ . - -
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken. ■ : -
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., Feb. 23, Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here,
and at office of Quartermaster, San- Diego
Barracks, Cal., until 11 o'clock a. m., March
25 IS9B. and then opened, for furnishing wood
and coal for Alcatraz Island, Angel Island,
Port Baker, Benicia Barracks, Fort Mason,
Presidio of San Francisco, San Diego Bar-
racks and San Francisco, Cal., during- fiscal
year commencing July. 1, 1898. Government
reserves right to reject or accept any and
all bids, or any part thereof. Preference
iriven to articles of domestic production, con-
ditions of quality and price (Including in the
price of foreign productions the duty thereon)
being equal, and such • pit Terence given to
articles of American production produced on
Pacific Coast to extent of consumption re-
quired by the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to Quartermaster
at San Diego Barracks, or to undersigned.
Envelopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed "Proposals for wood (or coal). and
addressed to said Quartermaster, or to JAS.
|v MOORE, Assistant Quartermaster-Gen-
eral. U. S. A., Chief Quartermaster.-
VI ASS and specifications invited for an hos-
pital building-Clerk's office Board of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 797
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice, is hereby given to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
receive* in open session of the Board of Su-
: pe C rvls°V on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12. IS3S, between the hours of 2:30
The proposed building to be of modern de-
' elirn and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific lm-
nrovements required as to construction and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
nurDOses, as are Indorsed by medical author-
ity as being indispensable In the construction
of such a building. -■■ . .
• The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of the city and
county of San Francisco as the - "Almshouse
Tract and running thence due north along
tin. easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (530)
foef thence ' duo south seven hundred and
sixtv-llve (765) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly, line of the Alms-
house Tract five hundred and fifty (650) feet
■to - the point of commencement; containing
The said plans and specifications to be so
nreDared that the cost of the building shall
1 not exceed In the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand ($300,000) . dollars, - which
1 sum must cover the entire expense for the
'; erection "." and ' completion of the.'proposed
- bl NOT 1 IC ; E— will prepare and sub-
mit with ■ their plans i and , ; specifications for
said hospital building an itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, ■ the statute ; re-
miiring eight (8) hours' to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages. of two
(f) dollars per day, for persons employed on
Raid building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or. specifications will be enter-
' tamed or considered of buildings the aggre-
' e-ue cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
" dollars." Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect \ and . superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of I five
<;(5); (5) per cent of the total cost, and will be re-
: uiilred ■to give a ■ good and satisfactory bond
lor bonds, :as ' the ; case ■ may ■ be, to Insure th;
completion and construction, of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
: '■■ the cost as made by the said : architect. The
! ■ architects submitting plnns and specifications-
■ ; determined by the board to be : second, third
and fourth in merit will receive premiums of
$1000,- $7r.0 an.l $500 respectively^ with _ the un-
%l derstanding that any features of : said >■■ plans
'and • specifications ■ which may be considered
'useful or necessary be embodied in the plans
adopted may be used • without further cost or
charge. may . JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
CITY RE.L ESTATE.
FINE house for sale. ' ■' ':'■ '■
An elegantly furnished . house -of ten rooms, j
complete in every detail, with all modern J
improvements; situated in the most. beautiful* j
part cf the city, with a perfect marine view;
a great bargain for a cash buyer; rents now
for $100. Address HENRY GROGAN. box i
2137, Call Office. . V j
BIG bargain— modern-Western Addition flats, j
$15,000; renting for $133 50; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postoffice box 2495. • . .'-•■ :
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale— ls2 acres clear land, with stock, i
: crop and implements; near school and depot:
will take, in part San -Francisco : improved i
property; no agents. . Inquire 330V4 Sixth St., !
from 9 to 3. :
RARE Chance — 4% acres, Anthony --division, -
Brasford Park; 1 mile below San Mateo. In-
quire UMBSEN & CO., Montgomery, near
Market. : . ~ . ' < j
A RARE chance for Investment: near-by prop- •
erty— For sale, 100 acres valuable land in the
favored locality of San Lorenzo, Alameda j
County; superior vegetable land, producing ;
on an average, about 150 sacks per acre per j
annum of first-class potatoes, selling at from
75 to 100 -.per cent more than most potatoes ;
sold in San Francisco; the soil is deep, rich
alluvial, possessed of the qualities required to
produce first quality potatoes, of which there !
is so little land convenient to San Francisco; ■
the regular price per sack has been for years
$1 on the ground, and often higher. Now the
owner is delivering at, the wharf, San Fran-
cisco, at $1 10 per 100 pounds. There can be
no drought or flood by reasons apparent on !
visiting the property; located close to railroad j
and water shipment. This, land will also ;
grow sugar beets in great yield, the railroad i
tracks running Into the Alvarado sugar
works. This land Is on the market to be sold
and will be. It only remains to be seen who
will be the fortunate ' purchaser. For price,
terms and location call on ALBERT E.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery st. • t j
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara County, i
bet. Stanford University and Mountain View. |
within 1 mile of Mayfield; house of 7 rooms
and 2 cottages of 4 rooms: garden, orchard,
etc ; will rent low for 1 or 3 years to suitable
tenant. Apply to C. S. CAP** & CO., Real
Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
FOR sale, exchange or rent— New 4-room cot- j
tage; bath; stable; lot 50x140; 45 minutes from ,
city. Apply Grocery, 126 Guerrero st. j
FOR SALE— AI Mendocino grazing land: tim-
ber mostly tan oak: $2 - per acre and up-
ward. Box 1 2240. Call Office. ■ .
FOR pale— acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber; near L. E. White's railroad at
Elk. Mendocino Count" consisting of the NE.
Vi of SW. *4 of Sec. 31, township 14 N.. range
15 west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS. Navarro. Cal.
FOR SALE— Colma. San Mateo County. 5
acres of land for cemetery: convenient to the I
Southern Pacific and S. F. & S. M. electric ;
cars. Address J. C. Station L., city. ]
MILL Valley; for sale, house, furnished or un-
furnished. Apply 526 Turk st.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage: easy terms; 4." minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold — A 3-room cottage; 6-foot base-
ment: choice lot 50x100; near Telegraph-aye.
electric cars: only $425 cash, balance at 8 per
cent. Address J., box 6, Call office, Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store, 40S
Eleventh St.. Oakland. - t ?
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FOR rent— furnished rooms; upper floor; hot
and cold baths; quiet couple preferred.- 1315
Weber St., Alameda. . -■ ■-' '. - .
u kick:; 1.1-.:* REAL hiSTATB.
BIGGEST bargain in a building site In Berk-
eley; lot 132:6x130;- northeast corner ; street
work done on one side; price $2800. .' '.
For rent — An elegant 9-rocm house; . corner
let: grand view; $35 per month. O. G. MAY
6 CO., 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. ■
THE biggest bargain of the year; house of 5
rooms; lot 123x103, near the hills; beautiful
view; will sell for $1500 cash to make a quick
sale. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate.
Berkeley Station. ■•- " ■■
$17,-,<i_FOß sale— Near' the university: house of
7 rooms; fine lot; street work all done: a
thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON, real
estate. Berkeley Station. ■
PROPERTY 1O l-XCIUMii-..
GOOD business property in Portland, Or., will
be exchanged on liberal terms - for property
■ in or near San Francisco. Address BLUMEN-
THAL & HANLY, 1051 Washington St., Oak-
land.
_ > A ONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount \at 6Vi per cent on real estate;
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In
probate, - life Insurance, ■ goods in warehouse,
furniture without removal: no delay. 7R. Mc-
COLGAN. 21 Montgomery St.. room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions;- no delays. ' J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth:
tel. South 14. - '■ ; . ■ -
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal: nulse in storage: life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc ; low In-
terest ; private; no com. R. 68, 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private ; place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds • and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin - Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st: tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; ■■ all business
strictly confidential; private offices. M. . E.
DOUGAN & C 0. .. 230 Kearny st. ; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; - $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st. -
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs; strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121; established 18t9. . -■.:
REAL estate, furniture or piano% any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery st. :
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 503 California st. .
$60 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d morttf.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates," etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st. .
SIXTH. 10— Most reliable place to borrow
money; diamonds and jewelry- ' •■-.'-
839 . HAVES ST.— Branch office of 'ihe Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. " _
MOSEY WANTED. >
WANTED— From $4000 to $s*ooo on good city
property; first-class security. Address box
2148, Call Office. -
FINANCIAL.
LOANS 'on real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest
rates. McAFF.E BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS."
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATE
LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason st. private room«.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
Birth, : marriage and death notices sent : by
mail, will not be inserted. . They must ■be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to : have the same pub-
lished. .____, ■ .
, . BORN.
BECKWITH— this city, March 12, 1898, to
the wife of W. Beckwlth, a son. .
CRANE— In Fresno County, March 14, 189S, to
the wife of F. D. Crane, a son. -
EDEN— In Nevada City. March 14, 1898, to the
wife of John Eden, a son. :\
CURRY— At Rush Creek, March 6. 1898, to the
'■ wife: of John Curry, a son. 1 "- /: .
FALCONER— In this city, March 3, 1898, to the
wife of Donald ; Falconer, a . son. . ,
STETTER— In this city, March 16. 1898, to the
, wife of G. Stetter, a daughter. ;:
WILSON— In the . Napa Redwoods, ■* March • 13,
1898,-, to the wife of Benjamin Wilson, a son.
MARRIED. . ; !
INGRAM— MURRY— In San Jose, March" 14.
! 18S8, by the -.Rev.. Alfred Kummer, Charles
.R. Ingram and Essie Murry. '. ; ,
MURPHY— GANGER— Portland, Or., March
■ 1, 1838, James A. Murphy and Lizzie- L. Gan-
gar. -r-" . -: : - r ■■,-■:'':'--:' ■ ■■_^2_'_±±J- : :: '■ -' '■
• DIED. ■;■—".- - : .^.v -■
Ackars, John McDermoth, William
. Ambrose, : Mrs. E. ; McDonald. Mrs. ;M.
Anderson. John McFadden, Stephen
Bass, Thomas J. * * McKibbin, Selby
Beasley, George R. McMurrey. Ellen .« *■-:
• Brockstedt, August .Meagher, William P.
Clark, Edmund F. - O'Brien, Alice J.
• Clark; James . O"Connell. Ellen
Ccakley. Teresa A. Oser, Herman V" .
; - Cox. Marina • . ■"■- . . Quong Choy ' ..
Dollar, James , Parker, Amelia B. ;
■ Duane.'John = ', Pease. Edwin ;■;
.Forbes. Jane R. Siddall. Richard
■ .-" . • . ■ ■' - ■ , \ • :.,"■'■ ■?:■: }-■ . -■-;--■ - -.-/■'--■ .■ * -
' Glynn, Margaret M. Smith, Benjamin K.
Hughes,, Olivana A. Smith. Mrs. Rena P.
Jackson, Sarah A. ; ' Sturdivant. John T.
Kenney. John F. Sullivan. Johanna M.
• Koenig. Emma D. r -
ACKARS— In this city, March 16. ISDS. John
A«kars, a native of Holland, aged 57 years. .
. [r_?-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street, in-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery, v
AMBROSE— In Tulare. March 13. 1898. Mrs.
Elizabeth Ambrose, aged 08 years.
ANDERSON— In this city. March 17, 1888, John
Anderson, a native of Tennessee, aged ,0
year 3 2 months and 16 days. « - = : .■*:'•
BASS— In Sausalito. March 17, IS3B. Thomas
Jefferson, beloved husband of Ellen Bass,
and father of Mrs. Samuel Miller and Edith.
Charles and Thomas Bass, a native of New
Jersey.
IE?" Notice* of funeral hereafter.
BEASLEY— In this city, March 16, 1898 George
Ralph, beloved son of Richard and Lizzie
Beasley, and brother of William, Josephine,
Loretta, Veleata. Ruth and Roy Beasley. a
native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 3
months and 27 days.
[CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents
residence, 181 Perry street, between Third and
~ Fourth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BROCKSTEDT— In Alameda. March 17, 189 S.
August, beloved husband of Emma Brock-
stedt, a native of Holstein, Germany, aged
65 years and 17 days. '
CLARK— In this city. March 17, 1898. Edmund
Fanning, husband of Mrs. M. Eunice Grou-
ard Clark, a native of New York, aged .0
years 5 months and 10 days. (New York
City papers please copy.)
' ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect'
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
March 20. at 2:30 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets.
Funeral 1 under the auspices of Apollo Lodgo
No. 123, I. O. O. F. Interment Masonic*
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CLARK— In this city, March 17, 1898, James,
beloved • husband of Catherine Clark, a na-
tive of County Cavan, Ireland, aged 68 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Saturday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemeterj.
COAKLEY— this city, March 17. 1898, at St.
Mary's Hospital, Teresa A., beloved wife of
James Coakley, daughter of Mrs. J. J.
Reilly, sister of John and Julia Reilly. Mrs.
L. Laughley, Mrs. J. Tatro and Mrs. M.
Goodwin, and sister-in-law of . Cornelius.
John and Abbie Coakley and Mrs. J. Crow-
ley, a native of Sonoma I County. California,
aged 25 years 4 months and 8 days.
(C^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
COX— In this city. March 16, 1598," Marina Cox.
beloved mother of Melalne N. and Anita R.
Cox, and sister of Adelaide Rits and Juana
Marques, a native of Mexico,, aged 42 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the* funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 16 Hanover place, off Sacramenta
street, between Powell and Mason, thence t<»
Spanish Church, where services will be held.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
i DOLLAR— Eureka. Cal.. March 17. 1898,
James Dollar, a native of Grahamston. Scot-
land, and late of San Rafael, Cal., aged 48
years and 9 months. .
DUANE— In the City and County Hospital.
March 17, lSi*S, John Duane, a native of New
York, aged 42 ipars. '
I FORBES— this city, March 16. 189 S. Jane
R. Forbes, daughter of the late Colonel Rob-
ert Lachlan, and beloved mother of Mrs. "
H. R. Coleman, a native of Edinburgh. Scot- ,
land, aged 69 years. (Cincinnati and Detroit
papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this (Friday) afternoon, at 2:30 o'clock, at
the Chapel of the Holy Innocents, Fair Oaks
street, near Twenty-sixtn. Interment pri- '
vate. Please omit flowers. .
I GLYNN— In this city, March 17, 1898, Mar-
garet Mary, beloved wife of John P. Glynn,.
and mother of Mary. Margaret and James
Glynn. a native of Nenash, County Tipper-
ary, Ireland, aged 45 years. (Sacramento,
Cal., papers please copy.) ■ . *
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 2140 Filbert street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where services will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HUGHES— In this city, March 17. 189 S. Oil-
van* Anna, beloved wife of Thomas HYighes,
-mother of Mary Ann Hughes, and sister of
W. J. and J. Shields, a native of County
Armagh. Ireland, aged 25 years.
• Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
. resdence. 3029 Twenty-sixth street, between
Church and Sanchez, thence to St. Pauls
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her rani,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-
JACKSON— In Alameda, March 17. 1898. Sarah
• Augusta .Jackson, a native of California,
■ aged 18 years and 4 months.
! KENNEY— In St. Mary's Hospital, March 17,
IS9B John F. Kenney, beloved brother of
Annie L., Peter T. and William D. Kenney
and Mrs. E. H. Geib, a native of Brooklyn,
N. V., aged 32 years. _
ICTRemains at the parlors or McAvoy &
Gallagher. 20 Fifth street.
KOENIG — In Berkeley, March 15, 1898. Emma
D , wife of the late Captain L. J.. and mother
of Christian, Ida and Georgina Koenig, a na-
tive of Hamburg, Germany.
McDERMOTH— In San -Jose, March 13, 1888,
William McDermoth, a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 74 years.
MCDONALD— San Jose, March 13, 18S8,
Mrs. Maggie McDonald, a native of New
York, aged 29 years.
McFADDEN— In this city, March 17. 189S,
Stephen, beloved husband of Winifred Me-
Faclden ■ father of James J., Bessie,' John and
Ella McFadden, and uncle of Myles. Peter
and Annie Kelly, a native of County Lei-
trim, Ireland, aged 56 years.
[T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend,. the funeral Sunday.
March 20, at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 20 Twelfth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's ChuretiY where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - • • • - - .. ~
McKIBBIN— this city, March 17,1898, Selby,
beloved son of Mary J., and brother of Wil-
liam and David HcKibbin, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years and 6 days.
I McMURREY— In this city, . March 17. 18!>8.
Ellen McMurrey, a native of Ireland, aged
70 years.
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
' ' residence, 1517% Broadway, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue, corner
i of Broadway, where a mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing- at H>
o'clock, sharp. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
MEAGHER— In this city, March 17. 1898, at
the residence of his sister. Mrs. Mee. 1894
Broadway. William P. Meagher, a native of
Ireland, aged 18 years.
(C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
' O'BRIEN— In this city. March 16, 1898, Alice
I J , beloved wife of William H. O'Brien, a
native of Louisville, Ky.. aged 43 years 4
months and 6 days. -
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from First Christian
Church. Twelfth street, between Mission and
Howard. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ■
O'CONNELL-In this city. March 17, 1898.
Ellen beloved wife of the late Christopher
O'Connell. beloved mother of Mrs. William
F Fitzgerald, loving grandmother of May
Fitzgerald, and beloved sister of Mrs. M.
O'Keefe of San Jose, a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years. ■ ■•
, ICTNotlc? of funeral hereafter.
OSER— In thlp city, March 16, 1898, Herman,
beloved husband of Ida Oser. and son-in-law
of Mr. Henry Rothman, a native of Ger-
many, aged 29 years. ,
QUONG CHOY— In the City and County Hoe-
pltal March 17, 189S, Quong Choy, a native
of China, aged 44 years. v
PARKER— In this city, March 17, 1898, Amelia
B beloved wife of John Parker, and mother
of E. A. Parker. Miss F. M. Parker and Miss
Mabel Parker, a native of Steuben County,
' T^? nr Vrtl*lr ' " --.■-■■•■- ■■'■ ■ • ■ " ..■* "
' IS" The funeral services will be held : and
thelnterment take place at Grass Valley.
PEASE— In this city, March 17, IS9B. Edwin
Pease, a native of Dunkirk. N. V.. aged 39
years 9 months and 9 days.
i SIDDALL-In Tulare, March 14. 1898. Rich-
i ard ■ Siddall, , aged 69 years 2 months and 23
: SMITH— In Seminary Park. Oakland, March
i "" 16 1898, 1 Benjamin K. Smith, a , native of
• Rhode Island, aged 76 years.
! SMITH— In Oakland. March 17. 1898. Mrs.
i Rena Parthena Smith, beloved mother of
Mrs S. Bent and 11. W. Smith, a native of
Marysville. Ky., aged 70 years 1 month and
3 'days.- -^ ■: - --■-■ '■'■■ '• •' • •" .- " ■ '
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-,
lors of James. Taylor, 464 Twelfth street. In-
terment ■ private. , V'V
BTURDIVANT— In this city, March 17. . IS9B.
' John T beloved son of Lulu M. and the late 1
Robert O. Sturdlvant. a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 25 years and 6 months. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday) at 10 o'clock, from the family
residence. 422 Page street. ; Interment private.
SULLIVAN— In ■ North ■ Temescal, March 15,
i 1898 Johanna Mathilda, dearly beloved wife
of John Sullivan, a native of Sweden, aged
40 years. and acquaintances are respect-
fTTFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral th! 3 day
• Friday) at 11:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Beaudry & McAvoy, 873 Wash-
' ington • street, Oakland, Cal. Interment . Lav-
, rel Hill Cemetery. San Francisco. • . v
" ' ' McAVOY~&^iAI!IAGHER,.. I
■ FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER* I
funekal directors & kmbalmebi
1 '20 IIfTE ST., Opp. Lincoln Beho»l.V f: |
■ Telephone, South SO. : _^ ^ ■
„„..,„- ll i..i«^T-
1- - t -_• it. n. ji'avoy. vanftfrer. ..  . ■
c • McAVOY'&:CO.,i -1
FUNERAL DIKECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
.." ' 1235 Market St.. between Sth and a;h. 1 ,
_,■■ ■ Telephone,' South 247. ---^i^
Pr ■ ■
■ ■ ■ ' .■'■'. ! ■■■-.-■'.-.-
1516
WHERE
WOMEN
GAMBLE
Poolrooms That Are Run
for the Convenience
of the Fair Sex.
There They May Bet to Their
Heart's Content on Horses
or Prize-Fights.
Are you aware, Mr. Head-of-the-
House, that there are at least four pool
rooms patronized exclusively by women
in San Francisco?
Do you know that if your wife or
your sister, your daughter even, or —
yes, your mother, improbable as it may
seem, wishes to bet on the races, her
opportunity is most conveniently at
hand?
She may take her choice; at Crowley
& Rag-get's, In the Hotel Vendome, on J
the corner of Market and Turk streets; j
at Harris', at the Sausalito House, 110 j
Kllis street; at Purdy's, on Ellis, too,
a little further down; or at Cohen's, at
the Clyde, 36*4 Geary street.
All these places have been called Into
being by the craving of the women of
San Francisco for the excitement there j
is in uncertainty, for the possible gain I
there is in betting on the races. They
are all sustained solely by women's
patronage. And that that patronage
provides a lucrative return for the
small amount of money invested, no
one who has seen the crowds of women
who frequent these places will doubt.
What kind of women? All kinds.
There isn't a type missing. There are
■women of 70 and girls of 17. There are
women in sealskins and shabby, pov
erty-stricken women; women who are
spending money earned most shame
fully and women who have scrubbed
and washed and swept and drudged in
other people's houses for their pittance.
There are representatives from all
grades of society. There are refined,
swe,et voices, and also those strident
accents that are not out of place in
such surroundings. There are well-ed
ucated women there, and those whose
sentences are fluent only when they are
expressing themselves in the jargon of
the race track.
But there is one thing that they have
in common — that desperate, greedy,
grasping eye, that longing for gain,
that mercenary, shameless spirit that
counts no loss of respect, that recog
nizes no humiliation, that ignores ev
erything but the money that pours into
the booker's hands so generously and
out again — so rarely, so slowly.
Pan Francisco's women have gone
mad. They are drunk with the pros
pect of getting something for nothing.
They are fooled and derided and in
sulted, and they know it not. They are \
wrecking their homes, embezzling j
money put in their charge by husbands, !
who would be the first to indignantly j
deny what is so carefully kept from j
them. They are cheated by the men
who place their mo-ney for them, they
say, and yet they endure it. They go
into places where they would be
ashamed to go under any other circum
stances. They are unconscious of, or
they are indifferent to the comments
made upon them by those who watch
them daily. They are blind, deaf to ev
erything but the filthy dollar to be
made by sacrifices for which ntr amount
of dollars can compensate.
"It's like opium — or drink," sighed
a wan-faced woman yesterday who
had sat all the afternoon in Cohen's
dingy back room. "We can't stop it.
That's what it is. Do you know of any
Keeley cure for betting on the races?
I'd take it, no matter what it costs.
I'd be better off, even if it'd take my
last dollar to get strength to quit.
Once you bet on the races and you'll
never quit. Mark what I tell you."
And the women who sat around, their
laces weary, haggard, after long aX
ternoon watching and waiting, nodded
their hearse-like black-feathered hats
and bonnets in corroboration. They
looked like a lot of woful witches
mourning over their wretched fate.
But will they stop gambling? Yeß,
when every pool room in town is closed,
and no one will bet for them. And
then they'll betake themselves to one
racetrack or the other and da capo;
over and over again the foolish, piti
ful tale of the weak battling against
the strong, of the idiotic self-confidence
and the unchangeable conceited stupid
ity of the woman who expects to suc
ceed where others have failed, who re
lies upon luck, tips or merely on her
own superstitious egotism to make her
a winner in the old, old game where
thousands before her have been lost.
You'd be inclined to laugh — and to j
cry. too — at the simplicity of these \
lambs. They turn to the man who j
takes their bets and they plead with
him for a "tip." They ask each new
comer. They turn to each other and \
the blind lead the blind over the rocky i
road to bankruptcy these women are
traveling.
At the Vendome there is a long, large
room filled with women from 1 till 6
every afternoon. When I went there j
INCIDENTS IN THE POOLROOMS.
THE SA^ mRA^CISCO CAIA, TBIDAT, MABCH 18, 1898.
the other day there were at least sixty
or seventy women seated In the rows
of chairs, walking about, talking fever
ishly or scanning the bulletin board
which stands on the mantle-shelf.
There isn't a happy face among them
all. Yes— just one. A thin-faced, eager
eyed woman has just made a "long
shot." Just as I enter she is gleefully
exhibiting a $5 piece.
"I put 25 cents on Bonnibel," she
crows like a withered old child. "Look
at that!"
And her glee is as painful to witness
as the despair written in nearly every
other face in the room. For she is an
exception, though only for to-day. Of
all those who spoke to me and to whom
I ppoke — for no introduction is neces
sary at the poolrooms — there was not
one who did not bewail her luck.
"It's the same old story," a neat, wiry
little woman said to me. "Lose — lose —
lose. And when we lose, we play to get
it back again. And when we win, we're
never satisfied."
It's the doleful dirge of the gambler.
In the corner the pool-seller sits; a
large, smooth-shaven man, his brown
derby hat on the back of his close
cropped, fair head, a cigar between his
mobile, big-lipped mouth, his vest open
so that he may be perfectly at his ease.
The women cluster about his desk like
greedy, foolish flies. The poorer ones
bet twenty-five cents. The more reck
less pass over to this man's custody
fifty cents or a dollar, sometimes as
much as two and a half on one race on
different horses.
It's surprising to note the tone of fa
miliarity between the women who bet
and the man who takes their bets. They
laugh and joke together in a grim way,
discussing technically the details of the
race and the merits of the horses, but
ever coming back to the topic of their
losses and his gains.
"Wait," said the sweetest-faced,
white-haired old w> man, who sat in
the corner of one of the smaller rooms
— where, there being fewer women, con
versation is more unconstrained — "wait
till I can get back from you what
you've got from me. If I win two hun
dred some day. will you pay it to me?"
"Yes. .Or five hundred." the little
good-natured man answered. "We pay
right after the race."
"Well." she said sighing while me
chanically she plaited together the torn
end of her glove-finger, "it'd take all of
that to make up to me what I have lost
here."
But as a rule the poolrooms are any
thing but a place for merriment. The
women sit through the whole afternoon.
They make their bets and then relapse
into dull, feverish waiting. If any
woman speaks with the least intona
tion in her voice of confidence or hope,
the woman beside her will open her
purse, walk up to the desk and make
another bet — merely because she can
not resist the thought that her neigh
bor might possibly be informed ss to
the probable result of the race. There
is no "tip" so absurd, no source of in
formation so feeble, no prophecy so un
likely to be fulfilled that will not be
swallowed by these open-mouthed,
greedy fish.
Think of sitting for five long, weary
hours in rooms so packed with women
that one gasps and smothers and sick
ens for breath. There are no horses
tn see, there is not even the small
gratification that so many women en
joy of being among a crowd of pleas
ure-seekers. The delight of blue sky
and fresh air is not for them. Of all
the relying on chance, of all the forms
of wagering this is the unloveliest, the
most sordid. There isn't a pretense
of sport about it. There isn't the
smallest use of one's wit or one's skill.
It's the dreariest, the dolefullest, the
most distasteful. These women sit in
a sort of dull enchantment. They bet
and then their senses hibernate till
the tall, cynical, white-bearded man
opens the door. Then there is an ex
pectant hush. He utters a word, the
name of the winning horse, and as he
walks toward the desk in the corner
he speaks the name of a second and a
third, which are almost drowned In the
murmur and buzz of the disappointed
tongues which echo his.
For one who has won there are
twenty who have lost. Even the wo
man who "played Bonnibel" has lost
two of the five dollars she made on that
] unique wager of hers. Her face is
| pitiful and horrible now to see. It was
I smooth before, but now the lines ap-
I pear in it and she ages before ones
very eyes; her poor old face grows pet
ulant and peevish and her feverishly
bright eyes wink hard to keep the tears
back.
But the Irish woman— the Irish wo
man with a voice like a grenadier! She
sits well up toward the pool seller's
desk and she plays like a veteran. No
repining from her, no weak wailing at
fate. She takes her gains and losses
alike, smiling grimly and betting with
a persistence worthy of better things.
That great, tall, scraggy Irish woman
is the one oasis' in the Vendome des
ert. When she has time — when all the
bets on a race are in and one may re
lax — she enters into facetious conver
sation with the pool seller, pelting him j
with her crude, labored sarcasm, while |
he smiles back lazily at her, and in !
his heavy way returns the verbal blows
from between his phut teeth, which
hold tightly the cigar he continually
smokes.
At the Sausalito where Mr. Heeney
sits over in a corner in a front bay
windowed room the scene is much the
same. The room is much smaller and
very crowded. There .is no bulletin
board with the results of the races in
scribed thereon publicly displayed. But
you bet here, madam, as you do else
where. While women sit around gos
siping ever about the jockeys, the
horses, the races, past or to come, you
march up to the desk, and,
like the incurab.e lunatic you
are, you wager 25 cents or
50 cents or $1 that this horse or that
will arrive first or second or third. And
the result of your marvelous Insight
into the future is ins< ribed upon a card
— a card which the p< "ilseller keeps, for
he wants no record of his unlawful bar
gain with you left a." a telltale in your
hands. The man mai ks down the name
of the horse you choose, together with
the amount of your bet and your in
itials — which means initials that are
not yours. For you are a coward,
madam, as well as a lunatic, and you
are desperately afrai '. of being recog
nized. Some there ;>re whose names
are well known. These the poolseller
himself addresses a^ Mrs. Smith or
Mrs. Jones. But as a rule one woman
speaks to the other this way:
"What do you like, Mrs.— s— ?"
And Mrs.— s— s doe^.'t wait or want
to hear her name. She unbosoms her
self promptly of all the information
she does (not) posses, and in nine
cases out of ten the mere mention of
her own choice is enough to set Mrs.
No. 1 wavering and doubting as to the
wisdom of her own bet, which she'll
change and take back if she's allowed
to.
But your name isn't spoken aloud In
this reckless way. And you actually
think you are unknown.
Oh, if you knew what an ostrich
idead, silly, deceived woman you are!
"Fie, for shame! Fie, fur shame! Ev
erybody knows your name!" You go
on in your limited, little way, flatter
ing yourself that you are where no ac
quaintance of yours can possibly come.
You fancy you are engaging surrepti
tiously in a little, '1 iclt excitement, |
profitable, you hope. You expect to j
come once again, perhaps. But you
come day after day ond week after
week, and are stranded when the end j
of the racing season comes. The po- j
liceman who watches you enter, the !
men who know that door which bears j
a sign about transient lodgings, the !
very bootblacks on the street smile '
and sneer at you. "There's that old ,
fool, Mrs. X , again! She thinks
she's got a sure thine ;his time," said
one man to another, as a respectable
looking, neat little old body In black
crossed Ellis street and disappeared
Into Purdy's.
Poor Mrs. X ! She scuttled along, ■
so preoccupied with the valuable infor- j
mation she though' she possessed that j
she didn't have to try to appear uncon- j
acious.
Why, even the reporters, madam,
strangers to you, know your name and
all the pitiful, terrible circumstances of -
your life. It would give you a terrible ;
shock, wouldn't it, to read that you had f
embezzled $2000 of your husband's mon
ey; taken it out of the bank and lost it
gambling, and now, you silly, pitiful
criminal, you hope to make up the sum
by betting on the races. And you lose
daily; you lose, as though there were
some malign influence bent upon your
destruction. What will be the end of
it?
"My husband would kill me if he
| knew I was here. He'd think I was
| crazy," you said. Remember?
And you, madam, at the present rate
when will you join your .husband at
Klondike? While he is enduring all the
hardships of that awful country where
the ice fiend guards the gold of the
north, you are "playing the races" in
yo-ur desperate efforts to earn enough
Ito go to him. And you lose, lose, lose.
i If you need medicine, you don't dare to
; come here before you have bought it,
knowing that you'll never stop betting
till your purse is empty.
And you. No. 3, whose husband sends
from Mexico the monthly sum his sav
ing provides for you. What do you
do with it? It goes into one pool room
or the other. And you live, as best
you can, peddling, sewing, half-beg
ging, anything, until remittance day
comes around again.
And you, No. 4. You earn your dollar
and a half a day by the hardest, the
most menial work. From 8 in the
morning until 6 at night you must
spend cleaning windows, scrubbing
floors, putting other women's homes to
rights. And that dollar and a half?
You were not so fortunate as to be
employed yesterday. So the poor pen
nies you had earned the day before you
squandered on betting in the pool
rooms the next. Oh, you poor, ignor
ant, hard-working, foolish old body!
There's No. 5 who sits watching the
betting in a miserable torment.
"I know I ought to go home," she
says weakly. ••The children are home
from school by this time. And I'll have
to get dinner, and "
And she's there to see how the sixth
race turns out. As to the children and
the dinner, they're both spoilt, no
doubt.
Purdy's Is a pool room, pure and
simple. It doesn't pretend to be any
thing else. It isn't up a flight of dingy
stairs in a back room of some lodging
house. It is divided off from the main
room, which only men frequent, by a
partition, and a screen protects the
women who bet from too curious eyes.
Here, though, one must bet at least
50 cents. There's a young woman with
a cap on her head and gum in her
mouth to take your money. She's a
capable little creature. "Miss Lou,"
the women call her, speaking of her
with a sort of affection, almost.
If you must bet, madam, and some
unhappy hitch in the law prevents the
closing, and what's more to the pur
pose, the keeping closed of these pool
rooms, go to Purdy's. For one thing,
you'll not be beginning a career of de
ceit by pretending to oe anything but
what you are — a gambler: a miserable,
mercenary, greedy wretch, whose vice
Is of all vices the meanest, the most
contemptible.
As to your getting the worst of the
bargain, even when Fate has turned
her fickle face your way, I have onljt
your word for it, Mesdames of the Pool
Rooms.
"When the odds are big, they won't
take our bets," says one.
"I bet a dollar on Linstock for show.
I And when I went to collect, he said
I'd bet for place," moans another.
"Why didn't you ask him to show you
your ticket?"
"I did, and he said, 'Oh, I can't keep
track of all your bets. I ain't got time
. to go back and look through 'em all.' "
"I had two to one on the horse I
liked and he only gave me fifteen
cents," complains a third.
'Why didn't you tell him you
wouldn't stand it?" asked her neighbor.
"Why, he'd tell me to go some place
else if I duin't like it. They know we
can't mske no fuss."
You can hear this old song in any
j number of keys. It's a sort of wretch
ed rondo that runs through the whole.
There's not a woman, who — justly or
i unjustly — has not some similar com
! plaint to make.
i, At Cohen's we women were sitting
about and the wit of the party— a
pleasant, shrewd-faced woman, was
berating her neighbor for standing "it,"
when a sudden hush fell upon us all.
A policeman had entered.
One of us fell Into a panic. She made
for the door and nearly tumbled down
stairs in her fright. But the tall,
fair-mustached giant looked about him
good humoredly.
"All very quiet, aren't you?" he said.
"Oh, it's a spiritual meeting we're
having," said the wag. "Do you know,"
she went on chuckling, "some women
are afraid of policemen. I can't see
why. I just sit here and admire
'em."
The guardian of the law smiled per
functorily at this. He took up the
bull racing sheet, which was lying on
the table before him, and studied it.
It's almost unbelievable, but a hard
faced, thin little woman looked over
at him hopefully, and proffered the
same old request for "a tip."
"What do you like in the fifth?" she
whined.
The officer laughed shortly.
"Oh, I don't know." he said. "Seeing
to-day's St. Patrick's day, you'd ougnt
to try Frank Ireland."
A joke? Not to that woman. She
wasn't there to joke.
"Do you really think so?" she asked !
him yearningly. And before he could
; answer she left the room, bound for !
the larger front room, where Cohen's
, patrons of the male sex of all ages con
gregate.
She came back in a minute quite de
j jected. "It's too late," she said. "He
I wouldn't take any more. D'ye know,"
she said with beautiful simplicity, "it's
; Just like him to win now."
"What do you officers come in here
! for?" asked a pert young woman who
| wore a derby hat and an empire jacket.
"You can't arrest us. Now; can you?"
The giant 100-ked a bit embarrassed.
Then he straightened up.
"I just obey orders," he said. "I'm
told to come in here and report, and
that's just what I do. Just the same,"
he went on, pluckily, "it's not the place
for you. You've no business coming
here, and any one of you'll admit it, if
you stop to think of the rights of it.
1 'Taint no place for women to come and
bet in a room like this in a lodging
house. Oh, you know it ain't. We
know it's a poolroom right enough. But
that ain't no excuse for you. You
oughtn't to come here. And you know
; it."
There's a brave man for you. A
'■ man who'll face a lot of women who
1 are disposed to laugh and to sneer at
i the law and .the decency this man rep
resents — and represents so worthily,
strange to relate. There was more elrr
quence in his tone than in his words.
!He dared to be ridiculous. But he was
i only admirable.
He walked out after a little. The
pool seller had come in and joined
amiably in the conversation, which
I wasn't of a proselytizing character aft
j er his entrance, of course.
"He makes me so ashamed," whis
pered one woman, pettishly, to another.
"He met me once and begged me not to
come here. He told me he knew I was
respectable and oughtn't to hang about
| such places. And so I went to another
i poolroom." said the penitent soul.
"This is the very first time I come back,
and in he walks, and I know by the
way he looked at me what he thinks. I
wonder what he does think!"
I wonder.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
An Insolvent Bartender.
■Henry A. Madden, a bartender, has filed
a petition Jn insolvency. He owes $55S 40,
and has no assets.
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, suc
cessor to Morris & Kennedy, art dealers. 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
bis large stock irrespective of cost. •
DEATH OF T. J. BASS.
T. J. Bass of the Bass, Hueter Company of San Francisco died suddenly
at Sausalito yesterday afternoon from heart failure. Mr. Bass has consid
erable real estate in Sausalito, and has made that place his home for soma
time past.
A painter was at work touching up the Interior of Mr. Bass" house, and
the old gentleman was watching and directing the work. Suddenly he was
heard to exclaim, "Oh, my God!" and he fell to the floor, dead. His daugh
ter, In an adjoining room, heard his exclamation, and rushed to his assist
ance, but life had passed away.
Mr. Bass was about 65 years old, and accumulated quite a fortune aa
the senior partner of the firm bearing his name. He has for some months
been in delicate health, and sought the rest and seclusion of Sausalito,
where he was well known, taking considerable interest in the town's af
fairs. He owns a number of buildings there.
Mr. Bass leaves a widow, two daughters and a son.
CHANGE OF VENUE REFUSED,
Poolroom Case of Richard Creighton
Again Continued.
The case of Richard Creighton, charged
with violating the poolroom ordinance,
was called in Judge Low's court yester
day afternoon, when Attorney Long for
the defendant filed an arlidavit asking
for a change of venue on the ground of
bias and prejudice on the part of the
Judge.
Ex-Judge Murphy, special prosecutor,
objected to a change of venue, as no rea
son had been given for the alle^t*! bias
and prejudice, and besides the Judge was
not called upon to decide upon the facts,
as the defendant had demanded a jury
trial. The Judge refused to grant the
change, to which Long took the usual ex-
ception.
Long, during the argument, admitted
that it was chieu- owing to the strained
relations 'between him and Prosecuting
Attorney Reynolds that he had got his
client to ask for the change.
Some misunderstanding having existed
ADVERTISEMENTS.
eBBe 88 :8228 88 83' 28 82 22 12 '.::'.:: \: SS 28:2S 22 22 ?S SS 22 88 S3 ?* ;s 22 &SS 82
i[]P7 JJL vlO^i
88 "^ \_ a c»
Sam r j I A No. 1 Suits, all **
a. All manner of good # ■ i - ■■■ , :>» r „ ■88
ss ' r•' r — n - < ' of them. Carefully ss
c. suits— all styles and | «^ made— as to trim- §
S3 all fabrics — that you L^ ioi J mings, stitchfng and ss
1 have been paying IVI \1 cut-perfect in every .
85 . / ?iCi-«? iC i-« t 1 \\ V detail. Every one fit- j£
| $15.00 for, are now IA I - ted to each purchaser 8
» being offered for || before being allowed §
88 $10.00. 1 (I to. leave the. store. £*
88 $10.00. I t° 'ca ve the store.
§ | — ' j I / 1 f *
88 $15.00 Suits • =i^XX^ Worth $15.00, |'
88 genuinely reduced Jy''^ but cost you
| to I — — ' only 88 y
I $10.00 $10.00 [I
88 l 88
88 8S
'88 88
I We Make No Foolish Claim I
88 03
88 About these suits. We don't ask you to believe they are the best c .
'• £ we have. We don't claim they are worth twice the price we 83
jBB ask— but we do claim and guarantee they are really wortH v ~
I § '. $15.00 ; that they have been selling for that price; that we harve \.. gj
!88 marked them down to $10.00 ; that they will fit and wear to S3
satisfy you; that our immense, line offers the opportunity for a
j 88 discriminating selection of Tweeds, Cheviots and Cassimeres, in 88
o. every late color and design and lastly, we suit you in every •
83 detail or return your money. S5
2 * a
88 o.
I K8 ~~ ~~~ T * 3
»•": - Everything ; we sell kept in re- a
S pair one year free of charge. 88
» . gj
5 S
i 718 MARKET STREET, S. F- I
22 88 88 %SSBBS2BSB3BSBSSSSSB2SSB2B2 SS 88 SS SS 88 83 2388 82 88 88 SS 88 88 88 88 BsS : •
. ■ - ' " -■■•■>■-■■:•■•■ ;••■= - -■;:■■ ■:'■■:'■'■■ '..;■-. ~ ' -r ■ ... ;,--^v.r-~; ■■--■-... .-■-• ' ■ ■ . r/r'v
as to the case going on yesterday after
noon it was agreed to continue the trial
till Tuesday afternoon, and the jurors and
witnesses were instructed to be in at
tendance then.
Long also asked that Policeman O'Keefe
be subpenaed to be in court, as he be
lieved that the policeman had shown bias
in selecting the jurors according to in
structions.
Want to Mortgage Church Property.
The trustees of the Swedish Evangelical
Lutheran Ebenezer Church of San Fran
cisco have filed a petition asking for per
mission to raise a S7OOO mortgage on a
piece of property on Mission street, near
Ninth.
Convicted of Grand Larceny.
Patrick O'Donnell was convicted In
Judpe Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of having stolen $163 20 and some
jewelry from D. McLeod on January 25
last.