VOLUME IiXXXV.— NO. 16.
DUNNING AND MRS. BOTKIN.
PLANNING TO PROVE THE MOTIVE
OF THE MURDERS.
Sensational Incidents in the Trial of
the Accused Woman — Secrets of the
Victoria Hotel— The Discovery
of Haas' Seal in Mrs. Bot
kin's Room.
HE prosecutors of Mrs. Cordelia Itotkln scored four lm-
r W* portant point.* yesterday In the presentation of their case,
H * yet when the <luy was over and twenty-four witnesses had
Jj[ passed on and off the stand Mrs. Botkin shook: the hand
of her lending attorney In congratulation and tlinnkfalnetm.
The Assistant District Attorney in submitting hi* proofs with
an tin v.'. mil logical severity. He laid the foundation yesterday
for the testimony that will be introduced to show that 3lrs.
Botkin wrote the address on the box of poisoned candy.
Everything- the prosecution possesses in reference to the
mailing of the package was given to the Jnry. The clerk who
passed the box from this city on its way to Dover was on the
stand and told why he remembered the incident. Then the offi
cers lor the State shifted the scene to the establishment of
Georg? Haas aud summoned every employe, from the highest
to the lowest, in every department, to show that the poison
found in the candy did not come from the confectioner's shop.
Again the scene was changed to the Victoria Hotel, where
Dunning and Mrs. lintkin lived for a time. This phase of the
Inquiry developed two important results. It wan shown that the
relations, between the accused woman and Dunning: were most
intimate and that Mrs. Botkin claimed to be distracted to the
point of desperation at her pnrtinsr from Dunning. This evi
dence is but preliminary to the testimony that will be given to
establish a motive for the murders of which Mrs. Botkin is
accused.
The proceedings of yesterday closed with the evidence that
a seal, used on the -wares of George Haas, -was fonud in the
room of Mrs. Botkin a few days after she left the Victoria
Hotel.
1% MOB of men and women fought
/ \ ;)itir way yesterday mi/rning
i V into the courtroom of Judge
Cook. The Botkin case rivals
the Durrant trial in local interest. The
trial chamber is invariably crowded be.
yond measure and the corridor leading
to the court is thronged by hundreds,
who satisfy their hunger of the morbid
with a glimpse of the prisoner as she
conies and goes in the custody of the
Sheriff. During the long hours of the
daily sessions the courtroom becomes
oppressive with heat, yet hundreds
stand and jostle and crowd with craned
r.'--J<* t.i hesr the elisrhte-ft word thrt
enrrv's from the witness stand.
The proceedings yesterday were re
markable from several points of view.
The prosecution made material ad
THOSE "WHO KI3STOV7" THE STORY OF THE DOVER ORIIMIE
The Prosecution Discussed Three Points Yesterday in the Presentation of Its Case Against Mrs. Cordelia Botkin. It Showed the Hail
ing of the Package in This City, the Relations Existing Between John P. Dunning and the Defendant and the Finding of a Portion of a Seal,
Such as Are Used for Fastening Candy Boxes, in the Room Once Occupied by the Woman Accused. latereet in the Trial Is Increasing, as Shown
in the Morbid Throng Attracted to Judge Carroll Cook's Courtroom.
The San Francisco Call
i vanees, yet notwithstanding this Mrs.
Botkin was jubilant. Her whole man
ner changed. The day before she had
been reserved, fearful, fretful and al
most unnerved. Witnesses were point
! ing at her the accusing finger of identi
fication, and Mrs. Botkin evidently
: suffered under the ordeal. Yesterday
she was sprightly, laughing, almost in
; solent, in an air of confident defiance.
The prosecution had tried and failed
to connect her with the mailing of the
j package of poisoned sweets.
It was a point in favor of the defense
Rnd Mrs. Botkin was happy. She did
D'.t seem to- care that the prosecution
had laid the foundation for the evi
dence that will show the disgraceful
relationship that existed between her
and Dunning. She Beemed to be un
SAX FRAX CISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
concerned at the fact that a stamp
bearing the name of George Haas had
been found in her room. She was happy,
and after the day was over she rushed
over to George Knight and gratefully
shf-ok him by the hand.
Everybody employed by George Haas
had been summoned as witnesses, and
when court opened most of them were
present. Candy makers, candy dippers,
ice cream makers, clerkß, managers,
"salesladies," janitors and the human
odds and ends of the confectioner's
store trooped on and off the stand to
show, each within his or her knowledge,
that the poison found in the candies did
not come from the store of George
Haas. Every possible question that
might affect this issue was asked.
George Haas himself was placed on
the witness stand and was compelled
to tell all he knows about his own busi
ness. During the ordeal he revealed
j secrets that may be of value to the
: lovers of confections. Mr. Haas testi
! fied that It was Impossible for the ar
senic to have come from his store or
factory, either by accident or design.
"Salesladies," agitated and fluttering,
i tripped on the witness stand and
swore that they did not poison the
candy and did not know anybody who
I did. Men and women employed in
i every department of the store told how
j scrupulously clean the place is and how
j careful is the conduct of each depart
| merit. No poison surely could have
come from the establishment of George
I Haas. Even the mice in the place are
| killed not by poison, but by cats.
Miss Sylvia Heney offered another
fact to her testimony by declaring that
the woman who bought the box of bon
bons from her on July 31 carried with
her, when she entered the store, a
small package. Knight at once saw
the significance and purpose of the
question.
"Could you tell whether or not the
parcel contained lump or powdered ar
senic?" he asked sarcastically.
The girl replied that she did not
know what the parcel contained.
While the store of Haas was under
consideration the proprietor declared
that he could not swear to an identi
fication of his own candy. He believed
the poisoned sweets to be of his manu
facture, but beyond that he could not
go.
During the morning session the
prosecution showed how, and approxi
mated when, the box of poisoned candy
was mailed from this city to Dover.
J. D. Dunnigan, a mailing clerk at
the ferry postal station, testified, al
though with apparent unwillingness,
that earl;/ in August he noticed a pack
age In the mall addressed to Mrs. John
P. Dunning. The similarity of this
name to his own attracted his atten
tion, and he remarked the incident.
He also told how the police sent a
dummy package, similar to the Doi
son bo*, to the ferry postal station.
The purpose of the police was to assist
the clerks in recalling, if possible, the
passage of the original package.
This information gave Knight an
other opportunity to insinuate against
police methods, and he accepted it
quickly. Postal Inspector Irwin testi
fied that it is impossible to tell from
the marks of cancellation at which
local postal station a package is
mailed, as all packages are canceled
at the ferry station. A letter carrier
who delivered mail to Mrs. Botkin was
called, but his testimony was material
only in laying the foundation for evi
dence on handwriting.
One of the most important witnesses
of the day was Mrs. Loretta Simpson,
who formerly conducted the Victoria
Hotel and enjoyed Mrs. Botkin as a
guest. Mrs. Simpson declared that
Dunning also lived at the house for a
short time while Mrs. Botkin was there.
The two were Inseparable companions.
They took their meala together, came
and went together and seemed to be on
terms of the closest intimacy. When
Dunning left for Cuba Mrs. Botkin de
clared that she was prostrated and dis
tracted. She said she was very fond of
Dunning and did not see how che could
endure her solitude when he was gone.
This testimony will have a very im
portant bearing on what will follow in
the case of the prosecution when the
State will attempt to show the motive
for the murders of which Mrs. Botkln
is accused. Others who know the af
fairs of Mrs. Botkin better than Mrs.
Simpson will take up the story where
she left it.
Mrs. Birdte Price, the present owner
of the Victoria Hotel, also proved yes
terday to be an important witness for
the State. She swore that on Sunday,
July 31, the day when it is claimed Mrs.
Botkin bought the candy, the accused
woman pleaded serious illness and had
her breakfast sent to her room. Later
in the day Mrs. Price saw Mrs. Botkin
on the stairs as Mrs. Botkin was re
turning ."rom what Mrs. Price thought
was a shopping tour. The landlady re
marked the incident as curious for a
double reason. She believed Mrs. Bot
kin to be confined to her room and she
thought it strange that a woman should
go shopping on Sunda^. Mrs. Botkin
carried several parcels, one of which, in
size, shape and color, resembled the
wrapped box of candy that was sent to
Dover.
W. C. Kosello was the medium by
which the prosecution introduced the
fact that in August, shortly after Mrs.
Botkin left the Victoria Hotel, a seal
used by George Haas was found in her
room. Rosello now occupies Mrs. Bot
kin's room. When he rented it he found
the paper seal on the floor and gave it
to W. W. Barnes, the clerk of the hotel.
It was then handed over to the police.
Barnes was pia^< d cm tne witness stand
and corroborated what Rosello nad
said. There \.'as a minor contradiction
in the story of the two men. Each de
clared that he urged the other to go to
the police. Knight made much of this
after a cross-examination of insult.
Upon the opening of court Judge Cook
said he would sustain the objection of the
defense in regard to the introduction as
evidence of the package of arsenic pur
chased at the Owl Drugstore by Chief of
Police Lees. The Judge said it did not
seem material to the case unless it was
from the identical bulk as that from
which the Botkin purchase was made.
D. F. C. Droge, manager for George
Haas & Son, was the first of the twenty
two •witnesses who were on the stand
during the day. He knew Bylvia Heney
and Kittle Dittner, the two candy girls
who were on the stand the previous day.
He was in the store the afternoon some
candy was sold to a woman resembling
Mrs. Botkin. He saw Miss Heney take an
empty box from the case and fill It, but
did not see any customer, although he
knew one was there. The girl used a box
without the firm name on it. The witness
identified the box and the candy and said
the latter was made by Haas, although
he is not a confectioner by trade. The
witness was mildly cross-examined by
Mr. Knight, the chief thing brought out
being that he was not in charge of the
making of candy but only in the sales
department.
He was succeeded by Henry J. Pape,
foreman. in the candy factory, a position
he has held for fourteen years. He testi
fied that he made all the candy and hand
led all the material used in the store. It
was his duty to make the mixture of
which chocolate creams are composed
and then they are turned over to girls,
who dip them in melted chocolate. To a
query he said he had never used arsenic
or any poison in the manufacture of
candy. In all his experience he had never
seen lumps such as the arsenic shown
him in any candy. He recognized those
candies in evidence as having been made
in the Haas store.
He was asked if a piece of chocolate
were opened with a knife If a foreign
substance could be inserted and leave no
outward signs. He replied in the affirma
tive, saying the aperture could be covered
by heating. The foundation for the
chocr ate drops was composed of cream
tartar, water and sugar.
Mr. Knight took up the cross-examina
tion by an extended inquiry as to the
cleanliness observed in handling the cop
per kettle in which the candy is made.
Dr. E. H. Woolsey, Who, With Bennett, Took the Skull From the Dead
Body of Lillian Brandes.
Mr. Knight was in quest of verdigris,
which the witness said he had seen on
the outside of the kettle., but never on
the inside. As it was admitted they never
made randy oxi the outside of the kettle.
Knight's search for information was not
productive of any great result. However,
he induced the witness to say that he
kept the Implements of his trade shining
brightly so that he might see hi? image
reflected in them each lime he pass.nl.
Later with the aid of Mr. Hosmer he cor
rected this and said the kettle was kept
clean of necessity, as it was used for
making so many different kinds of candy.
He told of glucose sometimes taking the
place of cream tartar, and sometimes con
densed milk was UM>d. The witness said
he identified the candies shown him as
being from Haas' store by the color of
the chocolate, the shape of the mold and
the manner in which they were dipped.
On being asked as to the coloring matter
used he said he never knew of it being
poisonous. The material from which
green is produced he had often placed in
his mouth without suffering any ill ef
fects. He had never known of any
"Rough on Rats" being kept about the
premises. In fact there were no rats
about — only some mice.
George W. Haas, proprietor of the
store which has jumped into such no
toriety, was the next witness. He at
onco identified the box that carried death
to Delaware as having been sold in his
btcre. The candy he said looked very
much ilke. his manufacture. He had never
heard of any poison In candy. Being ask_-d
as tc the number of employes he had he
replied that he did not care to sca f .?, as
it would give his competitors a chance to
«=st:rr>ate the amount of business no was
doing. Tie compromised Really by giving
a list, of his employes to the Prosecuting
Attorney. Mr. Knight merely u.sked
some questions as to the severity of i.he
competition between the l?ading candy
stores. Mr. Haas was also secretive :ik tc
where ht purchases the seals he placet
on his boxes, but finally he said he or
dered them 20,000 at a time from a firm in
London.
Mrs. Loretta Simpson, who owned the
Victoria Hotel. Hyde and California
streets, in April, was next on the stand.
She said: "I knew Mrs. Botkin as a j
lodger at the hotel while I kept it. I sold
out to Mrs. Birdie Price in April of this
year. I first met Mrs. Botkin in the lower
hall of the hotel last March. She came
twice, and then became a lodger, having
a room on the top floor, where she re- !
mained after I left. I also knew John P.
Dunning. He came with Mrs. Botkin to
engage a room, and stayed five days dur
ing March. He then left in response to
a telegram calling him to Cuba. After he
left Mrs. Botkin felt very badly. She
went to Oakland with him when he
started East, and was almost prostrated
when she came back to the hotel. She
told me how badly she felt at hla going :
to war where he might be killed. She
afterward told me that she felt badly
about It, as Bhe was very fond of him
Caatlau* « Fourth Foe*
MIDDAY GHOULS
RIFLE LILLIAN
BRANDES' CASKET
Dr. E. H. Woolsey and Attorney
J. E. Bennett Desecrate the
Body of the Murdered Child.
Grewsome Work of Representatives Concerned in the
Defense of Brandes— Took the Skull of
the Little Girl and ire Holding
It Secretly for Evidence
in the Case.
POOR, unfortunate, little Lillian
Brandes has not been permitted
to rest undisturbed, even after
death had freed her from the in
human treatment which was her
daily lot.
Within an hour of the final closing
John E. Bennett, Attorney for the Defense, Whose Remarkable Sur
gical Knowledge Has Been the Subject of Comment in the
Brandes Hearing.
of the coffin that held the mutilated
remains of the child, and while i: was
in the undertaker's parlor in ' Berkeley !
awaiting the ' arrival of the few good j
people who ; had provided means for a i
fitting burial and were to escort the j
remains to their last resting place, two
agents ; of the child's father plundered
the casket of part of its contents and ,
surreptitiously bore away the crown of |
the skull. ■ .?;'' ' -
These vandals were Dr. B. H. Wool
sey, one of the best known physicians
of Oakland, and J. E. Bennett, one of
the attorneys who are defending
Brandes during his examination on the !
charge of having murdered his dausrh
ter. . .;.:. ;■. .:;.. ; -i
The robbing of the co»Tln wu easy of
accomplishment. : About noon on No
vember 28 Woolioy and Bennett called
«t Uio undertaking parlors of Jobs £3.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Streightif on University avenue, Berke
ley, and requested permission to ex
amine the remains as representatives
of the defense. Mr. Streightif is also
Deputy Coroner and he knew they
were entitled to this privilege, but the
body had been ready for such an ex
amination for several days, the autopsy
had been held and the, funeral had been
set for an early hour that afternoon.
Mr. Streightif could not deny their
request, but he did prptest against
their delaying the examination until the
last minute. Furthermore, he said, he
was just going to his luncheon and
wanted to lock up the place.
"Never mind that," said Woolsey,
"you can leave us here and we will ex
amine the body while you are gone."
Mr. Streightif did not like the idea,
but knowing both men and believing
them to be reputable members of their
profession, l.c finally consented to the
plan, though first exacting a promise
from both, on their honor, not to
tamper with the body in any manner.
When the autopsy was held the phy
sicians removed the top of the skull
and also the three membranes covering
the brain. On the adhesions of these
membranes hangs the main point upon
which the prosecution relies for the
conviction of Brandes. This section of
the head was inspected by Drs. Shan
non, Rowell, Eastman, Hoagland. Bu
teau. Whitworth and Payne. Nearly
all these doctors took part in the au
topsy and when it was concluded they
returned the piece of the skull to the
rest of the body.
Mr. Streightif lifted the body out of
the casket and placed it on the operat
ing table for the convenience of the
two men, and then left the place. When
he returned Woolsey had pone, leaving
Bennett there alone. It lacked but fif
teen minutes of the time set for the
funeral, and Streightif was anxious to
have the body ready for the last rites.
As he stooped to lift the remains back
into the casket he noticed that some
thing was wrong, and he asked Bennett
what they had done to the body. Ben-
i neit made an evasive reply and left the
room.
A hasty examination showed the
Deputy Coroner that the crown of the
skull, originally removed at the au
; topsy, but replaced and the scalp drawn
over, had been abstracted and a bun
gling attempt made to cover up their
horrible ; deed with the child's hair. It
was this disarrangement of the : hair
that made Streightif . suspicious.
As soon as the casket had been borne
away Streightlf called up Bennett by
telophone and charged him and Wool
i soy with the deed. Bennett 'acknowl-
I edged that thcv had taken the portion
of the skull, but advised Streightif not
to say anythlr.R about It. .
But Streightlf did not keep quiet—
! least he made it ;bo j uncomfortable for
i the pair that they pave him an order
! for the return of the erowxv which or
der ha new held«,
1 OTlie patter was nutuo known to ifco2
District Attorney subsequently, but a3
thf rehtovlng of a part of the body of
the murdered pirl might have precipi
tated un unpleasant proceeding: and
have reached the courts, nothing was
done.
And the purpose of the robbery -is
plain very plain, to the prosecution.
Th<> skull and membranes will be used
in an attempt to prove that all the
•Xpert testimony of the State is not in
conformity with the facts, and that the
blows on the head did not cause Lil
lian's death. The prunrcution has felt
Safe, as seven doctors in good standing:
had made a thorough examination of
the skull and were prepared to testify
to its condition, so that if by any
chance the bruised bones and mem
branes showing adhesions should be
broOght Into court and should not
npree with the expert testimony there
wt.^Jd be any amount of evidence to
support the theory that the srirl was
killed by bruises and that sho was sus
pended to the bedpost after death.
Much surprise has been expressed
that the defense did not have a repre
sentative present at the autopsy, but
that its representatives should prefer
t' ' go to the Morpue after the body had
beed subjected to the knives and s;i\va
of the physicians employed by the Dis
trict Attorney.
The possession of the skull is of vital
importance to the defense. If, when
it bo. brought into cuurt, the pathologi
cal conditions of the bones and mem
branes do not agree with the testi
mony of t lie doctors, the whole struc
ture of the prosecution may fall to the
ground. The State has already proved
that I-illian did not die by hanging,
and this fact depi nds upon the conten
tion of the prosecution that the girl
died from meningitis, caused by blows
on the head, and that thes.' blows were
intlieted by Urandes with his wife's
knowledge.
For nearly a week Attorney Bennett
has been surprising everybody by the
persistence with which he had
plied the medical witnesses with ques
tions relating to the adhesions of the
membranes to the brain of Lillian
Brandes, and the nature of the bruises.
Hour after hour the defense has asked
questions showing that he has been
exceedingly well coached in all the de
tails of the condition of Lillian's head
as it was found at the autopsy.
"The takinr- a' ay of the top of the
skull and the membranes is a most sig
niflcant incident." said one of the ex
perts in the case to-night. "The etise
really stands or falls upon the silent
tPFtimony of the girl's skull. It was
found that the membranes were in
tlamed to such an extent that there
were adhesions to the brain covering a
large surface. Dr. Buteau testified that
about nine inches of the surface of the
brain was attached to the membrane.
This, of course, produced meningitis,
and ultimately death. Between the two
tables of the skull, immediately over
the adhesions, free blood was found.
This could only have been caused by a
blow.
"There are blood vessels between the
tables of the skull and on Lillian's
head the force of the blows had burst ;
several and the free blood was very j
plain. Now, if the skuil should get into j
careless hands and should ever be
washed the blood would at once disap
pear, and even the membranes might
be removed from the condition In which
we founl them. This might even be
done unintentionally, but it would
caus-" the skull to present an appear
ance vastly different from that in which
it was at the time of death, and this
would form the basis for a very power- I
ful argument before thf Jury. For sev
eral days we have known that there
was a purpose ir all this cross-ex
amination, but 1 did not know until to- '
day what th>- secret was."
The defense certainly knows now
•what is the basis of the case for the
prosecution*. All the testimony that
has been put in has tended to prove
one point— that Mllian's life went out
as a result of blows on the head. This
proof depends entirely on the expert
conclusions derived from the patholog
ical conditions of the girl's head and
other organs. Should Dr. Woolsey as
sume charge of the medical end of the
defense a lively scientific fight will en
sue. Dr. Woolsey is a very experienced
surgeon, and his long connection with
railroad damage cases has made him
a practiced witneßs.
Between some of tho doctors em
ployed by the District Attorney and Dr.
Woolsey there has been for years bit
ter professional rivalry, and Dr. Wool-
Fey is .always ready to pick up the
gauntlet for a scientific battle. It is
surmised that Attorney Bennett has
drawn much of !!;•■ surgical lore with
which he has astonished the court for
a \vo.->k from the storehouse of I>r.
Woolsey. Certain it is that there has
been a very careful and thorough foun
dation laid by the defense for holding
up its end in the trial In the Superior
Court.
Another explanation of why \Y. .
should interest himself in the case suf
ficiently to go to the length of robbing
the pnor child's coffin is the fact thnt
Bennett is a brother-in-law of his med
ical partner.^
There has been much other testimony
brought out by the defense that will
materially help its case if it should suc
ceed in showing that tho testimony cov
ering the skull is not borne out by the
actual condition nf the skull. It has
been testified that Lillian had but one
lung and the usefulness of that was
practically destroyed by pleurisy. This
would naturally produce a weak con
stitution and the defense has drawn
Useful
Dishes in Plain and Decorated
Semi- Porcelain, Bowls, Platters,
Pitchers, Plates, Vegetable
Dishes, Chamber Sets
Given away free with
American's Best
Teas, Coffees, Spices
GreatAmericanlmport'gTea Co,
861 Market. •;. Pewtll 705 Larkin St.
140 Sixth St. 1410 Polk St.
218 Third ?-t. 1819 Devlsadero St
GO6 heorny St. 2008 Flllmore St
146 Ninth St. 321 Montgomery Ay.
2510 Mission St. 1160 Kentucky St
8006 Sixteenth St. 3295 Mission St.
855 Hayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES:
IoB3WashinstonSt. 131 San Pablo At*
017 Broadway. 616 E Twelfth St.
IS 10 Seventh St
ALAMEDA — 135* Park St.
SAN RAFAEL— B St.. near Fourth.
We also tell
China. C rockery - G LA66W are
Cheap ;Bt Price •in America,
• '-- - ■ Write for OiUlgf us.
CALVIN S. BRICE
CALLED TO REST
Death Claims tfye Distinguished
Ex-Seoator and Noted Lawyer
of Ohio.
THE LATE EX-SENATOR CALVIN S. BRICE.
NEW YOIIK, Dec. 15.— Ex-Senator Calvin S. Brice died at 3:15
this afternoon in this city from pneumonia. Mr. Brice contracted a
cold a week ago to-day. On Friday last he vent down town to
his office returning home in a suffering condition, and on Saturday he
took to his bed. He grew steadily wor.se until to-day, when he died.
Calvin Stewart Brice was born in Denmark, Ohio, on the 17th of
September, 1845. He was a descendant of th - Maryland Brices. who
trace their lineage to the Brices or "Brycea" of Kinnaird, Scotland,
kinsmen of the yet more famous members of the once royal clan.
Mr. Brice'B father was a rominent Presbyterian clergyman, anu his
mother was Elizabeth Stewart of Carrollton, Md., like his father, a
descendant of a royal Scottish house. In his extreme youth Brice
attended the common Bchools, later entering Maine University at Ox
ford, Ohio. When fifteen years of age, the war having broken out,
he enlisted as a "three-months" man, and afterward re-enlisted. Still
lal r, being discharged, he organized Company E, 180 th Uhio Volun
teers, and before the close of the war had attained to the rank of
:>ant colonel. For a time he distinguished himself in the legal
profession, but later entered the railroad business and became one of
the most successful managers in the United States. Entering politics
he quickly achieved prominence in the Democracy, becoming chair
man of the national committee in ISS9. In January, 1890, he was
elected United States Senator from Ohio, to succeed Henry B. Payne.
Mr. Brice served six years in the Senate, being succeeded by
Joseph B. Foraker. In Washington he occupied the Corcoran House
and gave lavish entertainments which became world-wide. Since his
retire from the Senate he has been in Washington very little,
but occupying himself in most part with business affairs In New York!
Until the Democratic party adopted free silver as a cardinal princi
ple Mr. Brice was the leader in his party in Ohio, but after that he
did not take an active part in politics.
The announcement of Mr. Brice's death caused great regret in
the Senate as he was a favorite with nearly all, possessing a fund of
good humor, a good story-teller and universally popular with Sena
tors on both sides of the chamber. He was admired for his business
and political skill and for his abounding good humor, which never left
him on any occasion.
He was largely interested in railway enterprises, was ra t e( j a mil
lionaire and of late had been one of the chief members of a syndi
cate with large railroad and other concessions in China. He leaves
a widow and several grown chilldren.
from the prosecution many valuable
pointers along this line.
~~ COUNSEL' ~TB "A TANGLE.
More Proof That Blows Killed Lil-
lian.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
!*i* Broadway. Dec. 15.
Atorneys Sawyer and Bennett, who are
conducting the defense of W. -v. Hrandes,
charged with murdering his da- ,hter. bad
a little disagreemeni to-day in Judge
Cliffs court winch relieved the monotony
uf the medical expert testimony.
Attorney Bennett was examining Dr. To
bin, a physician who witnessed the au
topsy, but who was not called to the
stand by the prosecution. The defense
called him to testify, but did not want
him to give evidence ms an expert. An ar
gument followed as to where the line
could be drawn. Unless he testified as an
t Xpert, Dr. Tobin said, he would be un
able to testify at all, because his only
knowledge that was derived from his abil
ity as a surgeon to draw conclusions and
opinions from pathological conditions.
Prosecuting Attorney Allen demanded
that the nature of Dr. Tobin's testimony
be decided at once. Attorney Bennett
made a suggestion that the witness talk
in an ordinary way and not in a scientific
manner. Attorney Sawyer said: "If it
please the court, I must obiect to the
manner in which my associate has put the
proposition." There was a little consulta
tion between the attorneys and a good
deal of head shaking, after which they
obtained permission to adjourn for tin
minutes, and after a consultation in the
Judge's chambers they agreed on the plan
of procedure.
Dr Tobin was asked to tell what he saw
in the murdered girl's head after it was
opened, to which lie replied: "1 saw the
inside of it." Attorney Bennett wanted to
know what he saw inside the head.
Dr. Tobin replied that he could only ex
plain in scientific lanaguage according to
his expert knowledge, and Attorney Allen
declared that us the defense claim that
their witness was nol giving expert testi
mony he could not appear us an expert.
Brandes' attorney then commenced to
cross examine their own witness, and this
\\;ii promptly Objected to and Attorney
Allen said that the witness had not shown
himself to he hostile or to be giving tes
timony contrary to the wishes of the de
fense,"and therefore he was entitled to be
protected from cross-cxnmiation by his
counsel. Judge dift held that the method
being pursued in regard to Dr. Tobin was
altogether illegal and Illogical md finally
lit was excused.
This morning Dr. Rowel!, who helped to
perform the autopsy on Lillian Brandes,
gave his testimony, which agreed with
that of the experts who have previously
testified. Tie was positive death was not
due to hanging, but that it was due to the
conditions proQuced by blows on the girl's
head; , ,
The prosecution concluded its case to
day, but the defense desired to put orr
one witness before submitting the issue,
'incy promised to have their witness in
court to-morrow, so an e^irly adjournment
was had this afternoon and at the morn
ing session to-morrow the case will be
concluded.
Bold Burglary at Tacoma.
TACOMA. Dec. 15.— The dry-goods store
of H. Hoehcnschild was robbed by bur
glars last night, who took silks, satins,
gloves, hosiery, furs and fancy art goods
to the value of $2000. The goods wore re
moved -in a wagon from the front door
on the principal thoroughfare of the city.
The store . has -been robbed five times
within twelve months, the previous losses
amounting to $1000. *
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
LOVE FEASTS BEING
HELD AT HAVANA
Spanish Troops Dine With American
Soldiers and Townspeople Feed
Cuban Warriors.
HAVANA. Dec. If..— The United Sfatea
transport Mobile arrived here this after
noon with Brigadier General Willlston
and staff, the One Hundred and Sixty
h'rst Indiana Regiment', the Third Jlat
tnlion of the Second Illinois, the Signal
Corps detachment of the Seventh Army
Corps, and the headquarters of the First
Brigade of the Second Division of the
corps.
Genera] Williston, accompanied by Ma
; jor Hopkins, aid to Secretary Algor. land
ed immediately, nnd was "driven to the
Hotel Trocha at El Vedado.
While a detachment of the Second llli
; nois Regiment was at breakfast this
morning on the San Jose wharf, the men
invited a detachment of the Spanish guard
to join them. The invitation was fi
at first, but finally accepted and mutual
compliments passed.
Two battalions of the re R im Pn t marched
to-day to the Quomad..:- tamp. From
the houses along the route eirls ran out
to pin ribbons on the soldiers and to
wreath their hats with flowers. General
Lee's headquarters, an old mansion in the
center of beautiful grounds, tho men filled
with roses.
To-day twenty Cuban soldiers under
command of Rafael de Cardenas, entered
Guanabacoa, a suburb of Havana on the
invitation of the townsfolk. They were
received with music and marched through
triumphal arches decorated with inter
twined American and Cuban flags A
banquet was tend. red to the officers by
prominent citizens ami the privates h 1
a substantial dinner, at which well-known
Cuban ladies served.
AGONCILLO WILL NOW
RETURN TO WASHINGTON
Representative of Aguinaldo Says
His Country Will Resist Attempt
to Sell the Philippines.
LONDON, Dec. r-.-Agoncillo, the rep
resentative of Aguinaldo. the insurgent
leader in the Philippine Islands, sails for
New York on Saturday to, as he alleges
resume his duties as representative of the
Philippine Government at Washington In
an Interview he said:
"The only portion of the Spanish- Amer
ican treaty which we are concerned in is
the cession of the Philippines, which is
illegal, as the Spaniards lost the sov
ereignty over the islands, and the Amer
icans cannot dispose of the future of the
archipelago without consulting the Fili
pinos. Their consent, by a popular vote
is a necessity. As universal suffrage forms
!L c £ a « s <* the American constitution
the L mted States cannot carry out me
annexation plan. The result of'the Pc-ice
Commissioners 1 deliberations is only sat
isfactory to us inasmuch as Spain' is
turned out of the Philippine Island Ido
not know officially why the Filipinos uave
not released ihe Spanish prisoners J tel
emptied to Aeuinaldo on the subject
and 1 hereby declare it to be untrue that
they are held for a ransom. I can only
regard the possible eventual sale of me
islands as being nonsensical. My coun
trymen will resist to the hitter end any
attempt to soil the Philippines to any for
eigii power. We are anxious to be united
ami allied to our good friends, the Amer
ican*, bat, beyon . this, we are deter
mined v; all hazards to remain Independ-
SUCCUMBS TO
THE COLD ON
WHITE PASS
Skaguay Packer Per
ishes Miserably.
FATE OF JOHN E. FERRO
FROZEN TO DEATH NEAR THE
MEADOWS.
Hardships of the Trail Dethrone His
Reason and He Refuses the
Aid Proffered by a
Friend.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, Dec. 15.— Miners who
reached here from Skaguay by the
steamer Danube bring news of the
d< ath of one of Skaguay's best known
packers and merchants, John E. Ferro,
who was frozen to death on the snow
buried White Pass a few days before
that steamer left the gateway city.
Ferro, who was the first man to bring
out news of the Atlln Lake gold fields,
was on the way back from Bennett
when the fatality occurred. News of
his death was brought to Skaguay by
C. W. Emery, who accompanied Ferro
some of the way on his fatal trip.
Emery overtook Ferro just as he was
approaching Brooks Camp, and, seeing
how emaciated and exhausted he was,
gave him a horse. The two then con
tinued their journey together. When
they reached the Meadows, Emery sug
gested that they stop and have dinner.
F( CTO refused, saying he had no money,
but when Emery insisted he went in
and ate heartily. After dinner th>'\'
continued the journey to the north side
of the summit. Emery stopped here
for a few moments to speak with an
ingoing miner. Ferro went on, and
when Emery turned to look after him
he had disappeared.
Emery at once started in pursuit, but
could find no trace of the unfortunate
packer or the horse onttl some time
afterward, when he saw him standing
alone on a high point near Summit
Lake, fully a mile from the trail.
Emery immediately went to him. Be
fore he had conversed with him two
minutes he saw that the packer had
lost his reason. He talked insanely
and, despite all assertions to the con
trary, argued that he was still on the
trail. Asked as to what had become
of the horse. Ferro said he had tied his
blankets and gun on it and turned it
loose, because, he said, it would not fol
low the trail.
Ferro refused to proceed farther and
Emery left him and went to the near
est railway camp for assistance. Fear
ing Ferro might die before he returned,
he asked what message he was to send
to the packer's family.
"Tell my wife I froze to death," said
Ferro.
Emery hastened to the nearest camp
of the railway workers, and, accom
panied by five railroad men, hurried
back. They were too late, however, for
they founA the body of the dead packer
lying in the snow, with life extinct. He
had not been dead long, for the body
was still warm.
It is reported that at least twelve of
the railway employes have been frozen
t<> death, but no confirmation could be
obtained.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
CANAL ASSOCIATION
Organization Perfected at Los An^e-
les With Charles Forcnan as
President.
T.OS ANGEL.ES, Dec. 15.— The convon
tk.n of delegates from the various com
merclal bodies of Southern California to
perfect the organization of the South
ern California Nicaraguan Canal Asso
ciatlon waa called to order by General
Forman in the Chamber of Commerce to
day. In his opening remarks General
Forman sounded tne keynote of the situa
tion. He said:
"Men who must represent us !n Wash
ington in behalf of concerted action fa
voring the construction of the canal must
be those who are honest and capable and
Who are in full sympathy and accord with
the movement. We cannot afford to have
the least taint of suspicion appear that
the representatives of Southern Califor
nia will not be faithful to the trusts re
posed in them.
"It is strange that the railroads are
neninst the canal, but it is a lamentable
truth that they are. Their methods of
work are not as ours will be. We have
i" contend with the allied powers winch
are behind corporate organization.
"The completion of the Nicaraguan ca
nal means much to the citrus and decid
uous fruit-growers of California, We
shall find plenty of workers who favor
this cause.'*
The following were selected as the per
manent officers of the Nicaraguan Canal
Association of Southern California: Pres
ident Charles Forman; vice presidents-
Charles A. Daggett, J. A. Whitaker, H. P.
Wood M. P. Daniels, S. R. Holbrook, T.
F Dihl Thomas R. Bard; secretary, 11.
S. McKee; treasurer, G. J. Griffith: ex
ecutive committee— F. Q. Story. Charles
Forman, H. S. McKoo, 11. F. Norcross,
George Frost, H. A. Peabody and W. T.
Randall. „ , ,
The whole matter of selecting delegates
to go to Washington, together with their
powers to act, fill vacancies and perform
all duties ad interim, was referred to the
executive committee, in whose hands all
powers were vested.
JOHN H. M'FARLAND
ENDS HIS OWN LIFE
Suicide of a Prominent Porterville
Business Man While Tempo
rarily Insane.
PORTERVILLE, Dec. 15.— John Henry
M< Farland of the firm of McFarland &
Son. dry poods merchants of this place,
committed suicide last night. His body
was found in the office at the rear of the
store by Charles Trager, one of his clerks,
at the hour of opening the store for the
day's business this morning. McFarland
had been drinking heavily for several
days, and it is supposed was laboring un
der temporary aberration of mind when
he committed the act. When found the
head was leaning over the desk and the
pistol WM siill clutched in his hand. The
bull entered the right ear and lodged in
the brain, death being instantaneous.
McFarland came to this city about nine
\( ars ,<£<> and was one of the leading
business men of the county. He was
owner of the Mount Whitney telephone
line, which he had lately put into first
class condition. His accounts are in ap
parently good condition. The Odd Fellows
will take charge of the funeral, which
will be held to-morrow.
REPORT OF BOLIVIAN
REVOLT CONFIRMED
President Alonzeo Is at Craco Or
ganizing the Forces of the
Government.
LIMA, Peru, via o;alv*>ston, Texas, Dec.
15.— Advices received here to-day confirm
BRYAN YET AFTER
THE PRESIDENCY
Will Stand on Chicago Platforn)
Witt) a New Planl^ OpposiQg
Territorial Expansion.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: Colonel William J. Bryan came to this city, I was
informed to-day, to consult leaders as to the future programme of
Democracy. It can be confidently stated that after many confer
ences held by him to-day with Senators and Representatives he con
siders himself in line with the prevailing views of party managers.
He claims that many Senators and Representatives agree with him
in his utterances printed yesterday morning. No significance is at
tached to the fact that Senator Jones did not call upon him, as his
failure to do so is ascribed to a death in the family of the Democratic
chairman.
Mr. Bryan remarked with emphasis to several of his callers that
the issues of 1900 would be those enunciated in the Chicago platform,
with another plank inserted opposing territorial expansion. This may
be relied upon as the policy mapped out to-day by Colonel Bryan
and most of the Democrats with whom he consulted. His plan now
is to remain in Washington for two or three days longer for further
conferences and then return to his home in Nebraska. It is not
Colonel Bryan's purpose now to engage in any occupation except that
of speaking and writing in favor of the Democratic plan. He pro
poses to keep these issues persistently before the people and together
with the leaders to perfect an organization which he thinks will
bring victory in 1900.
The suggestion of Gorman's name as a probable nominee of the
party is not relished by Mr. Bryan's friends. I was told by some of
those in conference with him to-day that no doubt is entertained of
Mr. Bryan's nomination, and that all the supposed opposition will
soon disappear. One of Mr. Bryan's friends said yesterday that it
was not improbable on his return to Nebraska he would buy a farm
and settle down as an agriculturist in connection with his political
and literary pursuits. I am informed he will be advised to do this
by some of his friends.
the report of a revolution in the Bolivian
republic.
A Hoard of Government has been formed
at La Paz, capital of Bolivia, composed
of Senor Rerapis Reyes Ortiz. Prefect of
the Department of La Paz. Colonel Pando
and Senor Macario Pinilla. Minister or
the Interior, and Justice in the Cabinet
formed by Senor Covero Fernandez A on-
Z eo, President of Bolivia, in August, IS%.
President Alonzeo is now at t ruco or
ganizing the Government's forces to sup
press the rebellion.
ITALIAN LABOR FOR
HAWAIIAN PLANTATIONS
Agent of the Island Government Sent
to Europe to Induce immi
gration.
VANCOUVER, Dec. 15.-Corydon P.
Benton, an agent of the Hawaiian Gov
ernment, is in Vancouver. Ho recently
has been in Italy for the purpose of em
ploying Italian farm laborers to work on
the Hawaiian sugar plantations. Speak
ing of the labor problem in Hawaii Mr.
Benton said:
"It is the most difficult task the planters
have to deal with. To work the planta
tions properly it will be necessary to im
port fully 7000 laborers within the next
twelve months. I was sent to Italy sev
eral weeks ago by Hon. S. M. Damon, the
Minister of Finance at Honolulu, to em
ploy Italian farm laborers. My mission
was not very successful, the Italian Gov
ernment refusing to let Italians leave for
Hawaii in great numbers. Tne officials,
however, agreed to let eighteen go to the
islands, and should they be satisfied hun
dreds will follow them."
LORD BERESFORD IS
COMING TO AMERICA
Will Visit This Country on His Way
Back to England From
China.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISUS, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SHANGHAI, Dec. 15.— Admiral Lord
Charles Bcresford, who spent several
months in China as the representative
of British commercial bodies to report
on the best means of protecting an<l ex
tending British interests in the Chinese
Empire, has arrived in this city on his
way home. He will make a tour of the
United States before returning to England
From Shanghai he will proceed to Tokio
and Yokohama, Japan, whence passage
will be taken to San Francisco.
Lord Charles Beresford tells his fnenda
here he will urge strongly upon the Brit
ish Government the necessity of occupy
ing Kiang Nlng as the strongest strategic
point for the control of the coast.
WILLIAM JACKS WEDS
MISS ETHEL BINGHAM
Notable Marriage Solemnized at the
Home of Judge Hoole in
Pacific Grovrc.
PACIFIC GROVE. Dec. In.— A notable
wedding was solemnized at the residence
of Judge Edward Hoole in this city at
7:30 o'clock last night, the principals being
William Jacks, eldest son of the Monterey
millionaire landowner, David Jacks, and
Miss Edith Bingham of Washington, D.
C, daughter of United States District
Justice l'.ingham. Rev. Hobart Chetwood,
D.D., rector of St. Marys-by-the-Sea, per
formed the ceremony, in the presence of
only the immediate families of the bride
and bridegroom. This morning Mr. and
Mrs Jacks went to San Francisco and
thence to Southern California for their
wedding journey.
PASSENGER WRECK
COSTS SIX LIVES
Railway Disaster Caused by a Collis
ion With Cattle on in©
Track.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla.. Dec. 15.— A pas
senger train on the Florida Central and
Peninsula Railroad was wrecked to-day
near Madison by a collision with cattle
on the track. Six persons were killed.
The dead are:
E. H. Chandler, engineer.
James Evans (colored), fireman.
John T. Sullivan of St. Augustine, at
tache to the army.
Rev. S. H. Coleman, a colored preacher
of Jacksonville.
John A. Rhoades (colored), Pensacola,
Alfred Austin (colored), Chaires.
DISGRACEFUL SCtNE
IN THE REICHSRATH
Duel Between Dr. Fuchs and Heir
Wolf Probably Will Be the
Outcome.
VIENNA, Dec. 15.— Another disgraceful
scene took place in the Reichshrath to
day, growing out of the protests of Herr
Wolff of the German Nationalist party
against the confiscation of his newspa
per, the Osdeutsche Rundschau. The
various parties participating indulged in
scandalous language. It is expected the
affair will result in a duel between Dr.
Fuchs. President of the chamber, and
Herr Wolff, who has already fought a
half dozen duels, besides the one with
Count Badeni.
Death of a Veteran Actor.
LONDON. Dec. 15.— Walter Lacey, a
veteran actor of the Phelps-Kean period
is dead.
We have just put up some boxes of oil
and water color outfits and drawing in
struments for Christmas presents. These
are not for show, but for service and all
good values. Artist material department.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
BRYAN DOFFS HIS
SHOULDER STRAPS
Once More a Private
Citizen.
HIS RESIGNATION ACCEPTED
APPROVED WITH REGRET BY
SUPERIOR OFFICERS.
Compliment the Retiring Colonel
Upon His Conscientious Efforts
for the Welfare of His
Command.
Srieclal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The War
Department to-day made public the
following letter from Colonel William
Jennings Bryan, resigning his commis
sion as a volunteer officer:
CAMP ONWARD,
SAVANNAH. Ga., Dec. 10, 1898.
To Adjutant General, V. S. A., Wash
ington—Sir: The dispatches from Paris
announce that the terms of the treaty
between the United States and Spain have
been fully agreed upon and that the Com
missioners will sign the same as soon as
it can be engrossed. Believing that under
present conditions I can oe more useful
to my country as a civilian than as a sol
dier, I hereby tender my resignation, to
take effect immediately upon its accept
ance. Respectfully, etc.,
W. J. BRYAN,
Colonel, Third Regiment, Neb. Vol. Inf.
The letter bears the following in
dorsements from the division and corps
commanders under whom Colonel
Bryan served. First Indorsement:
Headquarters, First Brigade, First Di
vision, Seventh Army Corps, December
10, IS9B— Respectfully forwarded. It is
with sincere regret that the First Brigade
should lose the services of so efficient an
officer. W. H. MAYBURY,
Colonel First Texas Infantry. Command-
Ing.
Second Indorsement:
Headquarters, First Division, Seventh
Corps, December 10, 1898— It is with re
gret that this resignation is forwarded
and approved. Colonel Bryan's regiment,
the Third Nebraska Volunteer Infantry,
is in a high state of efficiency and disci
pline, and his efforts for its welfare have
lu^n untiring. LLOYD WHEAT.
Brig. Gen. U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
Third indorsement:
Headquarters United States Forces
Camp Onward, Dec. 10. 1898— Respectfully
forwarded and approved. I deeply regret
that Colonel Bryan is called to tender his
resignation. I concur in what is said in
the foregoing indorsements
J. WARREN KEIFER,
Major General, Commanding.
Fourth indorsement:
SAVANNAH. Ga_. Dec. 10, 1898.
Having turned over the command of
the troops here to General Keifer, I will
not be prevented, as Colonel Bryan's for
mer commander, on the eve of my de
parture for Cuba, from saying I greatly
regret that the colonel has decided to
sever his relations with my Seventh
Corps, for our relations have been very
agreeable, and he has ever been most
faithful and conscientious in all duties
confided to him. FITZHUGH LEE
Major General U. S V
Accepted by order of the President
R. A. ALGER, Secretary of War
December 12, 1898.
The response to the letter was con
tained in the following telegram, dated
Uashlngton, D. C. December 12, 1898:
Colonel William Jennings Brvan. Third
Nebraska Volunteer Infantry." Through
Corps Commandor. Savannah. Ga.—Res
ignation received and accepted
H. C. CORBIN. Adjutant General.
MANIFESTO POSTED BY
NATIONAL DEFENSE LEAGUE
Declares That France Is in Danger,
but Parisians Pay Little At
tention to It.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— A special to the
Sun from Paris says: A manifesto has
been posted about the city by an aspocla
tlon styling itself the League of the In
terests of the National Defenses. It de
clares that France Is in danger, ami ap
peals to i the people to rally In th« coun
try's defense. , it attacks England for
daring to threaten France, and refers to
the Fashoda Incident as a humiliation re
sulting from the culpable carelessness of
those to whom. Frenchmen Intrusted their
most sacred Interests. Groups of passers
by gathered and read the- manifesto, but
none seemed to be fired by i!. fulmlna
tion.
For Indo-Chlnn Kailronds.
PARIS, Dec. 15.— The Chamber of Dep
uties to-day almont unanimously adopted
a bill loaning 200.W0.000 tract for the con
struction of railroads In lndo-Chlna, guar
anteed by the. Government of lndo-Chlna.
Rentl the onplinl ChrUtn»«p Morten
by Anthony Hope. Hr.l llnrte, 4t Q."
Octave Thnn«»t nml ltoh«*rl Duncan
Milne In th« ( hrUlroim (nil, »at.
next Sundiiy. DtOMlktl IS,'
DR. STOCKING
DEMANDS AN
INVESTIGATION
Agnews Board Takes
Up Bailey Case.
DR. SPONOGLE ON THE RACK
PLAIN QUESTIONS PUT TO THE
MEDICAL DIBECTOR.
It Is Insinuated That He Circulated
Scandalous Stories to Injure
the First Assistant
Physician.
Social Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 15.— The investiga
tion into Bessie Bailey's death did not
end yesterday with the adoption of tls«
resolution that her demise resulted
from natural causes. To-day the Board
of Managers of Agnewa Asylum re
opened the case in secret session. This
was at the request of Dr. L.. i. Stock
ing, first assistant physician at the
asylum, who is not satisfied with the
outcome of yesterday's investigation.
The inquisition was only started and
will be resumed at a meeting of the
board next Monday.
The meeting of the board to-day was
to consider bids for supplies for the en
suing six months. Trustees Gould. Cur
now, Hale, White and L'pham were
present. Dr. Stocking went to each in
dividual member and demanded an In
vestigation. He said newspaper re
ports had coupled his name with Bes
sie Bailey's actions at the asylum, and
these insinuations and inuendoes had
done him an injustice.
After the bids were opened the board
adjourned to Dr. Sponogle's office, and
there, behind closed doors and drawn
blinds, with all the members sworn to
the greatest secrecy, the investigation
regarding Miss Bailey's death was re
opened. Sponogle and Stocking were
the only others present.
Stocking was first examined, and
told virtually the same story as yester
day. He gave a lucid explanation and
denial of the stories printed in the Ex
aminer reflecting on him. and his testi
mony made a good impression on tha
managers.
Dr. Sponogle was then put through
the "sweating" process. About the first
question propounded to him was by
Chairman Curnow, who asked:
"Dr. Sponogle, is it a fact that you
have been giving these sensational
stories to newspapers with a view to
injuring Dr. Stocking?"
Sponogle became uneasy. He
squirmed and hemmed and hawed and
proved himself an artful dodger in try
ing to evade the question. He finally re
covered himself Lufficientlv to make a
denial. Hale, Gould, White and Ud
ham questioned him along the same
line. He knew nothing about the stor
ies, and denied having given out any
information. Sponogle did not know
whether any of the attaches of the in
stitution had given out information.
The rest of his testimony was similar
to that of yesterday.
The board wanted to d*>lve furthtr
into the matter, but it was discovered
that all the attaches who saw any
thing of Bessie Bailey on the morning
of hfT departure were away. The at
tendants on the ward on that morning
and the coachman were off duty. This
caused some comment.
An adjournment was taken with the
understanding that tne case would be
brought up at the next meeting. On
Monday morning the board will meet
to award contracts, and the secret in
quiry will then be resumed.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
"AtSLOANE'S"
This gracefully shaped
dcsk — 27 inches wide, with
drawer— beautifully finished
throughout in either Birdseye
Maple, English Oak or Ma-
hogany finish, $^0.
Odd pieces of Furniture.
A recent importation of
Oriental — choice pieces.
Extensive variety of Sofa
Pillows — Silk and Velour
I Table Covers, Lace Curtains,
ietc.
OPEN EVENINGS.
W.&J.SLOAHE&GO.
Carpets— Furniture— Upholstery
641, 643,. 645, 647 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Use f**% and '-
Facial Soap j^"/ Facial Cream.
Woodbury's Facial Soap. Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN
H. WOODIury. will make the eompl«ton
Cltar. Soft und Beautiful and the Ueth whita.
■pM everywhere *"COUNTRY
REUNITED
FOREVER"
McKinley's Words at
Atlanta.
SOUTH AND NORTH ARE ONE
CLOSE OF THE HISTORY-MAKING
VISIT OF THE PRESIDENT.
Great Parade in Which the Blue and
Gray Mingled and a Notable
Banquet Were Features of
the Peace Jubilee.
Datcb to The Call.
Resolved, By the House,
the Senate concurring, that
as the chosen representatives
of the people of Georgia, we
desire to express our high ap
preciation of the eloquent and
enthusiastic address delivered
in the presence of this Gen
eral Assembly in the hall of
the House of Representatives
yesterday by his Excellency
William McKinley. President
of the United States.
Resolved, further, That
President McKinley, by his
ready recognition of Southern
ability and Southern worth
in military appointments
made at the outbreak and
during the recent Spanish-
American war, won a warm
place in the hearts of all our
people and endeared himself
to the country at large.
Resolved,, further, That we
desire especially to commend
and applaud the generous and
soldierly suggestion made by
his Excellency that the l T orth
should share in the care of
the graves of the Confederate
soldiers.
Resolved, further, That the
secretary of the Senate and
the clerk of the House of Rep
resentatives bs instructed im
mediately after the adoption
of these resolutions to have a
copy of the same enrolled and
duly attested, and that they
deliver the same to his Excel
lency the President, in per
son, before he leaves the capi
tal of the State. — Re^olut.on
adopted yts-terday ly ibs Georgia
Legislature.
3QGOOOOOOOOOOOO
ATLANTA, tin.. Dec. lf>.— The Presi
dent of the United Btates boarded his
l! train at midnight tn-night, after
a famous t 0 days in Atlanta. His
h« ••• hns been a history-making
event, and the results will be felt for
le. The words of his fa
moufi speech before the Georgia Legis
lature echoed through the banquet hall
to-night. In his opening remarks Hon.
1 . Howell, the toastmaster of the oc
. read the joint resolutions adopt
ed by those bodies to-day. The memo
rable words of the President that had
reference to the part of the North in
raring for the rraves of the Confederate
dead we 1 ed and chei n i. and it
was witl; difficulty that the toastmaster
proceeded to the Introduction of the
guest nf the evening. Before the Presi
pennitted to begin his speech
there were three cheers and tigers,
thrii i 1, peated, and it was with diffi
culty thai th( toastmaster could quell
Dthusiasm. The President was in
;t splendid humor and applauded the
orchestra] renditions of "Dixie" as re
peatedly as he did those <>f "Yankee
D lie." It was a, noticeable fact that
in all the gorgeous decoration of the
banquet hail not one Confederate flag
1 red.
The President's train left the Union
station shortly after midnight and is
due In Tuskegee at 8 o'clock Friday
morning.
The second day of the Atlanta Peace
Jubiii--- opened auspiciously. The feat
uiv of the day was the civic and mili
tarj parade, which moved at noon.
The procession consisted of ten divi
sions, under command <>f (Irand Mar-
Flial A. .T. West. Six thousand infan
try, 10,000 Bchool children, 400 c-trriasres
lining IGOO people, 1000 members of
lers, 500 Confederate veterans
under command of General Joe Wheel
er, 1000 laboring men, LOO officers and
marshals, twelve bands, 100 Grand
Army men. a squad of policemen, 200
;< <i police, members of the Yountr
Men's Christian Association and minis
ters ■>!' th< Evangelical Association.
members of the Atlanta Fire Depart
ment and ntatlves of 500 civic
«.r^-;< rrom all parts of the
South took part in the parade.
The President and other distin
guished gruesta in carriages were at the
Bead "f tin* pageant. They were es
eort'ii by ill" Third New Jersey and
fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers,
who came over from their winter camp
thens. The fine marchlner of these
T'.n regiments, under command of
Brigadier General William C. Otis, an
they swung into Peace street, under
the Jubilee arch, caught the thousands
who packed the downtown streets and
was a source of much gratification to
k>vernor Voorhees of New Jersey. The
President was compelled to bow almost
continuously to the people on the
srowded sidewalks. A roar of welcome
••'l the position of General Joe
Wheeler nv,>] hi? band of cavalrymen.
men who had followed him throusrh the
. Evil war and the war with Spain.
The President was driven to the Ag
ricultural building of the Exposition,
known as the Auditorium. Seven thou
sand persona rose from their seats as
til- chief executive entered the Audi
lorium. The hand played "The Star
Spangled Banner," amid considerable
applause, l>ut when the strains of
"Dixie" filed the buildinff, the crowd
went wild. President McKinley stood
up ;' rid waved his hat above his head.
In his speech the President paid this
pretty tribute to the South:
This Government has proved Itself in
vim ibie in the recent war, and out of it
).;is come a nation which will remain in
viriciH.' forevermore.
No worthier contributions have been
marie in patriotism and intelligence than
by the people Of the Southern States.
Intrusted with the able leadership of men
o>nr to them, Who had marched with
their fathers under another flag:, now
Sghting under the old flag again, they
CUSTOMS DISTRICT FOR
THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— Assistant Secretary Howell of the
Treasury Department was heard before the Committee of Ways and
Means to-day on the need of extending the tariff laws to Hawaii as
soon as possible. He read a letter from Harold Sewall, former
United States Minister there and now special agent of the Treas
ury, stating that this immediate extension of the laws was imperative
in order to prevent the irregular entry of goods to the United States
by way of Hawaii.
The committee agreed to the Immediate extension proposed and
Hawaii will be established as one of the customs districts with three
sub-ports of entry, viz: Hilo, Mahukona and Kahului. The collec
tor of customs will have headquarters at Honolulu and will receive
$4000 salary. Speedy action by the House will be secured.
have gloriously helped to defend its spot
less folds and have added new luster to
; Its Shining stars. That Hag has been
i planted In two hemispheres, and there it
•remains, the symbol of liberty an d law.
,of peace and progress. Who wil with-
I draw it from the People over whom it
floats in protecting folds? \\ ho will haul
| it down?
After three cheers for McKinley had
! been given with a will, at the conclu
sion of his speech, General Wheeler
rose from his seat on the platform.
Then came such enthusiasm, such pan
demonium, as is seldom seen. For
three minutes the audience cheered and
veiled and waved their hats. Over and
over again the little Southern general
tried to begin his speech, and over and
over again he was compelled to wait for
the cheers to stop. Then the band
played -Dixie," and once more the
, crowd broke Into frantic cheers. Gen
! eral Wheeler eulogized the President
and expressed his pleasure at the re
i ception given to Mr. McKinley by
Georgia. , ~f:~ f : , ,
Lieutenant Hobson responded to loud
' calls with an Impassioned speech, in
| which he drew the attention of his
hearers not only to the bravery of the
' American soldiers and Bailors, but to
the chivalry and bravery of the enemy,
especially of Admiral Cervera.
The Presidential party drove back to
1 their hotel. On the way the carriage
in which were Generals Shatter and
Lawton was run into by a street car,
and the two distinguished officers were
: thrown to the street, but neither was
; hurt. A public reception at the Gov
| ernor's mansion had to be postponed
j on account of the lateness of the Au
! ditorium affair.
In the beautifully decorated dining
room of the Klmball House to-night the
Atlanta Peace Jubilee, which brought
to this city the President of the United
States, several members of his Cabinet
and many distinguished figures of the
war with Spain, and resulted in the ut
terances by the executive which have
1 cemented hard and fast the bonds be
, tween the North and South, was
brought to a fitting close by an elabor
1 ate banquet. Covers were laid for 300.
: All the city's distinguished guests were
present and seated at the President s
i table. The Atlantans attending the
1 banquet were representative of the
city's wealth and business interests.
Many prominent men from all parts of
the South also graced the tables.
Hon. Clark Howell, editor of the At
! lanta constitution, acted as toast
'< master. A' the President's table were
i seated: Th" President, Governor Allen
D. Candler, Hon. R. A. Alger. Lyman J.
Gage, Hon. John D. Long, Charles
i Emory Smith, Hon. James Wilson,
! Major General Shafter, Hon. Charles
F Warwick, Lieutenant Richmond P.
i Hobson, Dr. R. D. Spalding, Hon.
Stephen O'Meara, Major J Livingston
Mills, Hon. John Addison Porter. Cap
tain R. J. Lowry. General A. C. M.
J Pennington, Governor Voorhees of New
! Jersey, Hoke Smith. D. G. Fenno, Hon.
I Frank P. Rice, General Henry W. Law
ton, Rufus B. Bullock, Hon. George R.
Peck. Governor Joseph P. Johnston,
Major General S. B. M. Young, Hon.
E. E. Settle, Major General Joe Wheel
er, Colonel W. A. Hemphill, Mayor C.
A. Collier.
An elaborate menu was discussed,
after which the speechmaking began.
| Hon. Clark Howell introduced the Pres
l ident. His speech was one of the best
of the eveninr He paid a tribute to
President McKinley's policy of appoint
ing Southern men and ex-Confederates
to high offices, which, he said, had
"broken forever the barrier that divides
North and South and stamped the in
dissoluble seal of understanding and
I fraternity upon the Union."
The President, as he arose, was the
| recipient of a hearty and spontaneous
i greeting. The cordiality with which he
' has been received on all occasions dur
ing his visit was nowhere more evident
J than at to-night's gathering. The ex
ecutive was compelled to stand and bow
some moments before those about the
tables would permit him to proceed.
The President responded to the toast
"Our Country." He began by a pleas
! ant reference to an earlier visit to ta*
city of Atlanta and spoke feelingly of
: his association then with Georgia's bril
liant editor, the late Henry Grady.
: Continuing the President said:
Four years have Rone since I last met
the people of Georgia in public assembly.
Much has happened In the Intervening
time. Tilt! nation has been at war, not
within its own shores, but with a foreign
power, a war waged not for revenge or
i aggrandizement but for our oppressed
! neighbors, for their freedom and amelior
ation. It was short but decisive. It re
: corded a succession of significant victories
'■ on land and sea. It gave new honors to
I American arms. It has brought new
problems to the republic, whose solution
will tax the genius of our people. United
: we will meet and solve them with iionor
;to ourselves and to the lasting beneli . of
all concerned. The war brought us to
' Re '-her; its settlement will keep us to
j gether %
Reunited! Glorious realization! n. cx
i presses the thought of my mind and the
long deferred consummation of my heart's
desire as I stand in this presence. It in-
I teri'rets the hearty demonstration here
witnessed and is the patriotic refrain of
■ all sections and of all lovers of the re
( public. Reunited! One country again and
one country forever! Proclaim it from
the press and the pulpit. Teach it In the
schools. Write it across the skies. The
world sees and feels it. It cheers every
heart, North and South, and brightens the
; life < f every American home. Let 1:0 t
h in:? ever strain it again. At peace with
; all the world and with each other, what
c»'.n stand in the pathway of our progress
i and prosperity.
Hon. John D. Long, Secretary of the
: Navy, followed, responding to the
I toast, "The Navy."
Major General Shafter was heartily
! cheered when introduced by Mr. How
ell. He responded to the toast. "The
Army."
Hon. George R. Peck of Chicago was
believed to be the Northern speaker of
the evening, and, rising to respond to
; the toast, "The New Union," was
i loudly applauded.
Other toasts responded to were:
' "Santiago, the Plymouth Rock of
Cuban Freedom," Hon. Stephen
O'Meara, editor of the Boston Journal:
i "How the People Paid the Bill." Secre
tary of the Treasury Lyman J. Gage;
"The War As an Echo of Independ
ence Hall," Postmaster General Charles
Emory Smith; "The State Govern
ment's Answer to the Call to Arms."
Governor J. F. Johnson of Alabama;
"The Souths Part in the War." Gen
eral Joe Wheeler; "The Volunteer As
Viewed by a Regular in Command."
General A. R. Chaffee. 7; V
Hon. Charles F. Warwick. Mayor of
Philadelphia, responded to "What the
Liberty Bell Says About It." Mayor
Warwick is a favorite in Atlanta and
his reception was highly gratifying.
Congressman Evan Settle of Ken
1 tucky who spoke for Hon. Joseph W.
I Bailey, and Richmond P. Hobson were
j the last speakers. ■ ■■
Borne to the Grave.
TVOOPLA^D, Dec. 15.— funeral of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
' the late Chris Sieber took place this after
noon. The attendance was unusually large
and the ceremonies the most imposing
witnessed here in a long time. Many peo
ple were present from Marysville, Sacra
mento and elsewhere.
HAS INVESTIGATED THE
MISSISSIPPI FLOODS
A Senate Committee Reports in Favor
of Constructing Substantial
Levees.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— Thft Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day agreed
on the report of the sub-committee ap
pointed under the resolution of March.
1898, to Investigate anil report upon the
floods in the Mississippi River and their
causes and prevention. The sub-commit
ti c, consisting of Senators Nelson. Klkins.
Vest, Mcßrlde, Gallinger, Berry and Caf
fery, has visited many points on the Mis
sissippi and iis tributaries, taking testi
mony at various points and altogether
giving the subject very careful attention.
lli.- report was prepared by Senator Nel
son, chairman of the sub-committee.
Hi, committee presents quite a com
prehensive historical sketch of levees and
Jettlea In the Mississippi. With reference
to tne levees, they say that the experience
or IV', indicates that a complete indosure
of all the river basins will require to be
raised from three to four feet in Louisl
ana and from four to six feet on the Ya-
I he committee concludes that no sub
stantial relief from the floods can be ob
tained by rarans of outlets; hence the fur
ther conclusion that only through prop
erly constructed levees can the proper re
lief be secured. The committee furnishes
an estimate of the cost of ompJeting the
JlS.oon.ooo to (20,000,000 and the time neces
sary at from four to five years. The opin
ion Is expressed that with this expendi
ture^leveea sufficiently high and strong
su a complete protection could be as-
CHICAGO PLATFORM
DEMOCRACY'S CREED
Ex-Governor Stone of Missouri Says
Those Who Repudiate It Are
Renegades.
CHICAGO, Dee. 15.-Ex-Governor Wll-
Ham J. Stone of Missouri was In Chicago
to-day, in consultation with Democratic
leaders. He left to-night for New York.
In an interview he said:
"It hns been stated— and the statement
has been persistently reiterated in the
face of positive denial— that I had en
tered into some horrible scheme with Mr
broker and others to have the next Na
tional < onventlon repudiate the Chicago
platform an,! d ve rs other dreadful
things. As a matter of fact, I never saw
Mr. ( roker in my life and have never had
any communication with him. If I ever
should have any occasion to see Mr
< raker or any other man I will soe him'
but so far as I know I will have no occa
sion to see him.
"All talk about abandoning- the
well-understood and long-established
principles ol the Democratic party, so
clearly and accurately enunciated ih the
Chicapro platform of 1896. emanates only
from those whose wish is father to the
tnoupht. Among those of us who sup
port.d the platform— that ip, among the
'oval Democrats of the country— all such
talk Is regarded as absurd, which it is
The Democratic party of the United
States is composed of those, who support
ed Mr. Bryan and who still stand on tho
P th ° r JT/ f /r at party - There are no
other kind of Democrats "
MRS. IDA MORRILL SMITH
DYING IN A HOSPITAL
Niece of a Vermont Governor Aban
doned by Her Family, but
Struggled Bravely.
KEOKUK, lowa. Dec. i:,.— Mrs. Tda
Morrill Smith, daughter of ex-Legislator
MorrlU of Nauvoo, who was a personal
friend of Abraham Lincoln, and niece, of
Senator Anson P. Morrill and Governor
Morrill of Vermont, is dying to-night at
a hospital here as the result of a surgical
operation performed yesterday. Mrs
Smuh was a woman of refinement and ed
ucation, but owing to an unfortunate mar
riage had been discarded by her family
While keeping a hotel | n * Sacramento.
Cal.. her hu.shand was convicted as ac
y to a murder, and Mrs. Smith took
upon herself the mission of clearing him
Hi was finally released by the Supreme
Court, but died before leaving prison
Mrs. Smith then returned to her old home
at Nauvoo with her two daughters. T'ntll
her health broke she supported herself
and daughters by working in a factory.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Hilborn's Bill to Deepen the Ap
proach to Mare Island.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.-Conpressman
Hilborn to-day introduced a bill to dredge
the channel from Golden Gate to Car
quinez Straits (through San Pablo Bay).
This is intended to make deep water for
sbipp steaming to the Mare Island do k
it has been claimed that the approach
to Mare Island drydock is not deep
! enough. This was a serious obstacle to
obtaining an appropriation for a new dry
i dock at Mare Island. Chief Endlcott of
the Kureau 0/ Yards and Docks in h-s
annual report alluded to the lack of depth
In the channel leading from Mare Island
to the drydock. Hilborn hopes to get an
appropriation from this Congress if ihe
river and harbor bill is passed. He Is
aware that certain parties arc endeavor
ins to have the new drydock located else*
uk.-'e. but as Congress said it should k
at Mar<- Island he hopes to have that
' channel dredged so as to accommodate
vessels of deepest draught.
Senator Perkins to-day introduced a oili
granting monetary relief to Arthur L.
i'is'.:. who was a surety on the bond of A.
toschke, contractor for the estuary ?t
Wilmington harbor. Boschke failed to
fhiixfc the work at the stipulated time and
Fish completed the work at a financial
In: 1 to himself.
Pensions have been granted as follows
1 California— Original, William P. McDcr
mott. San Francisco. $8; Andrew J.
Sherry. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles JS;
William H. H. Wright. San Francisco, J8;
: Andrew D. Simpson, San Francisco, f w :
Frank Allaire, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $•>: William Jackson. Veterans'
: Home, Napa, pr, Joseph T. Darling, Ma
laga, $6. Original widows, etc.— Minors of
[srael Grlslnger, Woodland, $14.
< iregon— lncrease, Henry Myers, Siletz,
$12 to $17.
Washington— Original special, December
7, »'ha rles \V. Young, Taeoraa, $6.
Inn. I). C'oolbrlth and Oncnr Weil
have written the word* and manic
of a hen 11 1 1 I Chrintninn non^ for
the Chrifltuini* edition of The Call,
out next Sunday, December 18.
To Department of the Lakes.
CHICAGO, Dec. 15.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Washington says: It
is rumored that General "M. V. Sheridan
will be assigned to the command of the
Department of the Lakes, with headquar
ters at Chicago. He will be sue. coded on
the staff of Major-General Brooke by Gen
eral Chaffee.
Onyx tables, lamps, shades and globea.
Beautiful Christmas presents at Sanborn.
& ValT- _ •
CHRISTIANS .
MASSACRED
IN CHINA
Reign of Bloodshed
in Szchuen.
MISSIONARIES PUT TO DEATH
TWENTY THOUSAND PEOPLE
MADE HOMELESS.
Three Bands of Yumantse's Rebels
Sacking Villages and Murder
ing Natives Friendly to
Foreigners.
Special r>israt<'h to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 15. — The steamship
Empress of India .brings news of a
massacre of Catholics and native Chris
tians by rebels of Szechuen province,
China, under the notorious outlaw,
Yumantse. This rebel and his follow
ers have rendered 20,000 native Chris
tians homeless in Central China and
taken over sixty lives, including those
of several European missionaries. Six
thousand Catholic refugees have
gathered in the city of Chungking from
the surrounding country. The value of
property already destroyed by the rebels
is reckoned at 5,000,000 taels. France is
making a claim for this amount in re
paration for the destruction of property
belonging to French missionaries.
The Yumantse rebellion has been in
progress nearly a year. Mandarins and
other authorities of Szechuen have main
tained their policy of doing nothing to
suppress him so persistently that Yu
mantse has now gathered an armed
force of 5000 men about him. These are
divided into three bands.
The first, under Yumantse's com
mand, appeared before the city of^Yu
inchuan late in October. The city's
gate was shut against him, whereupon
he demanded that two prominent
Catholic missionaries be given to him.
These were publicly beheaded outside
the city's gate. They were offered their
lives if they renounced their faith, but
had the courage to accept death rather
than apostacy.
His third band is raiding the valley
of Kialing River and has destroyed all
the Catholic buildings there.
The rebels maintain excellent discip
line, paying for everything they require
of the natives. They wear a uniform
with a character for "Avenge" upon it.
Their avowed object is to rid China of
foreigners and stamp out their religion.
Yumantse's men are still holding M.
Fleury, the French Catholic missionary,
for ransom. Once they delivered him
to the Chinese authorities on payment
of a large sum and the next day re
captured him. Now they demand a
larger amount. The telegraph line
from Chungking to Chengtu has been
cut and other depredations committed.
French pressure has become so- great
that the authorities of Szechuen are now
determined to end Yumantse's depre
dations. Instead of sending a large
armed force to capture him, however,
they have offered him an office, honors
and money as a bribe to disperse his
men and give up Fleury. Orders have
been issued to pay him 100,000 taels and
to retain 1000 of his men in the imperial
troops and give Yumantse himself a
military place if he agrees to their pro
posal. Business is so completely par
alyzed throughout Szechuen that foreign
business houses at Shanghai and Wu
chow are urging that a foreign mili
tary expedition be sent into that west
ern province to capture Yumantse and
restore order.
Dispatches from Canton report that
Viceroy Tan has received instructions
from Peking to purchase from the
Russo-Chinese Bank 500,000 Russian
Berdan army rifles, with accompanying
ammunition, for the arming of Chinese
troops throughout the empire. This
amo-unts to the unloading upon China
of a half-million obsolete rifles which
the Russian army cannot use. The
price dr-manded for the Berdans is five
taels per rifle and twelve taels per
thousand cartridges. It is announced
that the arming of the Chinese troops
in all Manchuria will commence imme
diately, the rifles having arrived. Last
August the Tsung li Yamen refused to
buy these rifles, but recent events have
induced the Empress Dowager to ac
quire them.
BARON NEWTON !S
CALLED BY DEATH
Served With the Twenty-first Fusi
leers in the Crimean
War.
LONDON, Dec. 15.— Th*» death is an
nounced of William J. Leißh, Baron New
ton.
Baron Newton, who was born on De
cember 10. IS2S, entered the British army
in IMS. served with the Twenty-first *m-
Sileers in the Crimean war, and went upon
the retired list with the rank of captain.
Ho was created Baron Newton of New
ton-in-Makerfield. Lancashire (peerage of
the United Kingdom), in 1592, being tne
first Baron. From 1559 to 1865 he sat in
the House of Commons In the Conserva
tive interest for South Lancashire, and
from 1862 to 1886 for Cheshire. He is suc
ceeded in the title and estates by his eld
est son. Hon. Thomas Wodehouse, who
has represented the Newton division of
Lancashire in the House of Commons in
the Conservative interest since 18ti6.
CONFIRMED BY THE SENATE.
Colonel Mansfield to Be a Member of
the California Debris Com
mission.
WASHINGTON, Deo. 15.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations:
Colonel B. M. Mansfield, corps of engi
neers, member of California Debris Com
mission; J. A. Ockerson of Missouri, mem
ber of Mississippi Riv«r Commission.
J. S. Hendricks. Appraiser of Merchan
dise, district of Willamette, Oregon: F.
W. Peck of Illinois, Commissoner Gen
eral; 15. D. W lward of New York, As
sistant Commissioner International Ex
position at Paris, and F. Brackett of
Maryland, secretary of the commission to
the Paris Exposition.
Collectors of Customs— John Morgan,
Southern district of Oregon: C. B. Crosno,
District of Yaquina. Oregon.
Postmasters: Idaho— R. N. Dunn, Wal
lace. California— S. J. Brun, Stanford
University. Oregon— S. S. Train, Albany.
Washington— L. Duboise, Vancouver.
■ m •
Trunks and Valises.
We have the best line of nice trunks
and valises suitable for Christmas pres
ents in the city. Alligator, seal, grained
calf, etc. Sanborn, .Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street _. ..j. ._ •
OF COURSE you're going to bring the
little ones to see King Santy and his
dusky bodyguard.
TAV^ IT OF 7 IT to Santa Claus'
Iyj I O r ULiLi. Juvenile Patrons.
Friday and Saturday Christmas Specials.
The pretty things are the
things that. you want for
your little man for Christ-
mas. We think we have
struck the proper key note
///Apb to what mothers, fond
fjjjtf J * \ mothers, want to dress
*$& "A ' their little man in, in the
suit we picture opposite,
id^^^^li (Ml f or chaps between the ages
fr^lW of 3 and 8. The fabric is
I I Nw' \ of fine blue cloth, trimmed
I A «| /« \ just exactly as you see it
il « M\ a /^-v. ™ l lG picture, with con-
II • iK\ls2i* trast trimmings. The Tain
-—? T^J* //Y °' Chanter the little chap is
.rij ]* a "^ / wearing is in blue to
I I match, with three stars
// \ I p\ worked in gold or silver
w dad mm bullion, as you may prefer.
fm HH jB 'Tis a high-class suit, a
'\wWB ym high-class hat; ordinarily
WWk. M they'd be $6. Our Christ-
%^^JßL, mas Special will find this
%$. '^tmsito , suit and hat, and a liberal
v # selection to select from.
For these high-class arti-
7 T /■ 7
cles, both,
-^ _rf"*fc. rf^v
fA Naval Cap,
just as you see
• it in the picture
opposite, is a
pretty present
for ci little chap.
Stars and cross-
bars worked in
fine silver or
gold bio' lion;
ordinarily a $1 Cap. Friday
and Saturday special at
50c.
IP, Poems in Art:
JL Onr Smoking
/P»Q Jackets and
ISP Poems in Art:
Oar Smoking
Jackets and
Dressing
\ \\ Gowns,
I % I .at the
I \ Tiniest of •
Jpv Tiny Prices.
A Manly Affair.
That Suit we pictiore opposite
here is a manly little affair,
with vest, for chaps between the
ages of 10 and 16. When chaps,
arrive at that a Je they love to
appear manly and yet look
youthful. ThU Suit attains
that happy result. .'\
You have a pick from some
very fine All- Wool Cassimeres
and some very handsome Bute
Cheviots. A Suit of this char-
acter sells always at $7.50.
We offer you a big selection
of these Suits Friday and
Saturday at
$4.98.
We merely make mention of these few items. Of course the
store's full of 'em. Friday and Saturday , are always special
days at the big Kearny-street store, and 'here are special things
in those Military Capes for boys and girls; some real good things
at special- prices in Top Coats, U ster.-i, It >efers—ln fact a whole
floor, 14,700 square feet, filled - with bright and pretty Christ-
mas suggestions for juveniles. '
O-11 -13-15 KEARNY ST.
THE FBI SCO BOYS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
g^^. A pretty Blue
Tarn with three
»y^^^^^\ gilt stars on it,
\ Tv^§®|3 a> very swell
tgilt stars on
a v e ry s w ell
Cap. always
\ *a*^ $1.50; impos-
sible to conceive
'*$Mk&L<^^" a prettier cap
V^§£&&^ than this, and
many other
pretty styles to select from. They
will all be Friday and Saturday
89c,
SANTY IS
CERTAINLY !
GOOD TO YOU!
He gives you the prettiest
kind of Toys and the pret-
tiest kind of Juvenile Win-
ter Apparel— the swellest.
A $7.50 Top Coat— 8 what
the picture above illustrates— in
the Tan Covert Cloth, silk velvet:
collar. That's the swell idea.
For chaps between the ages of
If. and 12. We haven't too many
of 'em, so come early for 'em.
$4.39.
II 111
nip »m
■ ill Ml
|itllp
A warm, Ulster — a $6 Ulster—
made in the highest grade of
Scotch Cheviot, pretty colorings, !
for chaps from 8 to 16 years. It
will keep the little fellows as
warm as toast. Broad storm
collar. Never under any cir-
cumstances have Ulsters like
these been sold under $6.
Friday and Saturday they
will be sold at
$3.79.
The picture above pictures the
new herring-bone weave, made
in the Reefer fashion, with
pretty little inlaid velvet col- \
lar. Just as swell a little gar-
ment as can be. ' Warm, attra6-\,
tive, swell.. $6 should be the.
price of it. For little chaps be- .
tween the ages of Jj, and 10, and
a sweeter little Reefer you,
wouldn't want to put him in. •
Friday and Saturday these '■
will be \
$3.49.
Now these are specials.. You (
want to come quick for them, (
because they're all high-class '
articles and they represent just)
about half price. a x
LITTLE FOLKS—
Santy Wants - to, See- Tom4
DEFICIENCY
BILL PASSED
BY SENATE
Provision Madeforthe
Army and Navy.
QUESTION OF VOLUNTEERS
SPIRITED DEBATE AS TO KEEP
ING THEM IN SERVICE.
Postponement of the Vote on the Mo
tion to Belay Consideration
of the Nicaragua
Canal Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The urgent !
deficiency appropriation bill making '
provision for the army and navy for the j
next six -nli* displaced the Nicara- '
qua anal bill in the Senate to-day, pre
venting e-en the taking of a vote on the |
question of postponement until after
the holidays, as had been intended. The j
deficiency till -was passed after a
spirited discussion, turning principally
on the point of keeping the volunteer I
soldiers i . Ihe servie •.
The Senate, upon convening to-day de
cided to take a recess from 1:30 until 3:30 ,
o clock in order to permit Senators to at- i
tend the funeral of Mrs. Bright, wife of j
the : -at -arms.
Vest gave •' brief explanation, the pur- i
port of which was that he had received !
a letter from Attorney General Griggs j
denying that at a banquet in New York
he had, as quoted, expressed the opinion
that the legislation made for half-devel
oped colonies could not reasonably be ex
pected to meet ■ '■■• demands of the great
est nation in the world.
Morgan presented a memorial from the '
National Board of Trade favorable to i »c
construction of the Nicaraguan canal,
asking that it be printed in the Congres
sional Record. Allen objected, and Mor
an accepted the action of Allen as an ef- -
fort to obstruct legislation for the canal
and to prevent the country securing- in
formation on the subject. ■;
Allen n-sented this, saying he was fa
vorable to the canal on genera] princi-
Pies, though advocating Government own-
SSKB&SSBSS that the canal WoUld
Without determining the mooted point
raised by Allen the Senate, at Hale 1 a re
quest, took up the urgent deficiency '■
appropriation bill. } :
Cockrell addressed the Senate in re
gard to the mustering out of the volun
teer soldiers a large majority of whom,
he said, wanted to be mustered out and
many of whom were making sacrifices by
remaining in the service. On the other
hand the officers, who were finding the
service more profitable than the private*
had in many cases refusefl to forward an-
Plications for discharge. He thought that
in such cases w.e War Department snould i
exercise some discretion in the interest of
the private and be more lenient with the
enlisted men. Cockrell said very few
soldiers would be required in Cuba and j
Porto ? COf or. for , that matter, in the
Philippines, where, he said, our footing I
was very Insecure. He said this country's
occupation there was most meager, and
described our attitude as that of stand
ing with one foot on the land and the
other on the bay, and that there was no i
probability of war In that direction
The Spaniards. Cockrell said, would :
soon be out of Cuba, and as the object 1
of the war was to get the Spaniards out
of that island there was no longer any
reason for maintaining a large force un
der arms.
Replying, Hale paid he had no doubt
that the run* and file of the army abroad
had a greaT desire to return home and
he expressed the opinion that they should i
be allowed to do so. He argued that
there, was no menace of war unless it was
with the Filipinos, and the only dan
ger there was in our attacking them. It
was true that the duty devolved upon the
Government of the. United States of main- '
taming peace and quiet in Cuba for the I
present until the Cubans could establish I
a Government of their own. He hoped
this would not be long. In response to I
questions from Allen. Hale expressed the '
opinion that affairs would soon take such
chape that the services of the volunteers
could be dispensed with.
Gorman said he had r.dvocated an
amendment to the hill which would pro
vide,, in explicit terms, for the reduction 1
of from 25,000 to 50.000 by July 1 next but i
owing to the representations of the army j
authorities he would reserve his amend
ment until the army bill should come be
for S •h. Senate, In this connection he
paid a high tribute to Adjutant General
< prbln, and then he proceeded to warn I
the country against the encroachments I
of the military element. Naturally the '
army officer wanted to preserve his own
importance and maintain his employment
but this was no reason why the private
citizen should not zealously guard his
own rights. He thought coaling stations
necessary for the extension of our trade
but announced himself as opposed to un
due expansion by means of conquest
Allison expressed sympathy with 'the
desire to have a large number of volun
teers mustered out. We had agreed to
maintain order in Cuba dur.ng the unset- I
tied period, and while he hoped this pe
riod would not long continue he, for one
would not consent to -- reduce our forces
as not be able to make good our pledges
Sewell said the War Department had
for the past several months been Rradu
ally weeding out soldiers for discharge
and that many thousands had thus been
relieved from this duty. He had no doubt
that even without legislation 50.000 men
would be released within the next six
months.
The urgent defiVeney bill was then
passed.
At the Instance of Harris the Senate
adopted a resolution calling upon the
President for information as to the status
of the report of the Nicaragua commis
sion.
The Senate then went into executive
session and at 5:03 p. m. aojourned until
Monday. I
«
HOUSE QUICKLY PASSES
THE PENSION BILL
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The House
Pears'
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt it.
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure
we mean without alkali.
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. You can
trust a soap that has no
biting alkali in it.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
to-day surpassed all previous records In
the expedition with which it passed the
pension appropriation bill. This bill in
day* 'gone by has been one of the most
fruitful themes at acfhaonlota partisan
debate, but to-day, although carrying
$4.0iW.000 more than the act for the cur
rent year, it was passed in twenty mm
Utea without a word of criticism. Ihe
House then entered upon the considera
tion of the bill to incorporate the Inter
national American Hank. This project
was recommended by the Pan-American
Congress in 1880. An arrangement was
effected for a vote upon the passage of
the bill at 3 o'clock to-morrow.
MORMONISM COMES
IN FOR DENUNCIATION
Christian Citizenship Convention
Considers the Roberts
Case.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 15.— Mormonism
and territorial expansion were the main
themes taken up at the closing day's ses
sion of the Christian Cftizenship Conven
tion. General John Baton pictured the
menace 6t Mormonism. which he said
was rellgio-political in its organization
and was presided over by 5a.000 officers,
with tliPir operations secret, and 300,000
followers scattered over the States. He
declared Mormon doctrines a menace in
that they belived that God has a body.
and that Adam was the ruler of the uni
verse; that he was sent to earth with one
of his wives to rule supreme. He charged
Congressman-elect Roberts of I.'tah with
being an avowed polygamlst. and assert
ed that Roberts had never been restored
to citizenship ;<:.d therefore was ineligible
to Congress.
TO GO FROM FORT
LEAVENWORTH TO MANILA
Twentieth United States Infantry
Will Be Sent so as to Leave
Here on the Scandia.
(•MAFIA. Dec 15.— Orders have hfpn re
ceived .a the headquarters of the Depart
ment of the Missouri for the movement
of the Twentieth United States Infantry
from Fort Leavenwortb to Madia. The
regiment is to be sent so as to leave Ban
Francisco. on the transport Seandia with
out delay. According to the orders the
men are to be fitted out with supplies for
a three years" stay in the Philippines. All
married privates and all whose terms of
enlistment expire within three months
and who will not sign their willingness to
re-enlist are to be lef: behind. Non-com
missioned officers may take their families
on the transport.
STEAMSHIP IN DISTRESS
OFF IRELAND'S COAST
Supposed to Be One of the Transat-
lantic Liners and Shows
Signals.
SKIRBEREEN. Ireland. Dec. 15.— A dis
patch received here from Baltimore, about
seven miles south from this place, says
tht>r a steamer, supposed to be a trans-
Atlantic liner, is in distress off the coast
tfcerp. She has been showing Signals Of
distress for some time. The White Star
iiner Teutonic sailed from Queenstown at
1:10 p. m. to-day for New York. The Red
Star liner Rhynland .-ilso sailed to-day
from Queenstown for Philadelphia.
McDOUGALD'S SUCCESSOR.
John N. Woods Elected President of
Stockton Asylum Board.
STOCKTON. Dec. 15.— A meeting of hos
pital managers to-day was held, the first
since the death of the late president. .1.
D. McDougald. Manager McDonald took
the chair pro tern. Manager Doyle an
nounced formally the accidental death of
President J. 1». McDougald. and resolu
tions of respect to the memory of the de
ceased were adopted, to be engrossed and
transmitted to his family.
John N. Woods, vice, president, was
made president, and John T. Doyle elected
in the vice presidency. John C. Thomp
son, the new member, presented his cre
d.ntials to fill the unexpired term and
was received into the membership of the
board and appointed to fill all vacancies
on committees.
It is expected Governor Gage will give
this board his early attention and will
reorganize it. even if he has to make re
movals, as the partisan acts of mem
bers have been so open as to attract
more than passing notice in political cir
cles.
RAILWAYS FOR CHINA.
Major Frasier Completes Surveys in
the Flowery Kingdom.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Dec. 15.— Major
Frasier, a railroad engineer sent by the
Chinese Development Company of Ne—
York to survey, plan and report on
railway routes in China, with tho object
of immediate construction, has returned
home with his assistants. Major Frasier
mapped out roads from Peking to Can
ton, Shanghai to Woosong. and Canton to
Kaloon. As far as securing charters from
Governors of districts is concerned, he
found that these officials had no objec
tions to make. He says, however, that
railroads cannot be built without the aid
of soldiers.
.Major Frasier leaves on Thursday for
New York. In Flonjrkong, ho Kays, he
met Prince Henry of Germany, who was
extremely hostile to the idea of United
States citizens building railroads in China.
WITH FIFTY MILLIONS CAPITAL
Incorporation of the American Tin
Plate Company.
TRENTON. N. J., Dec. 15.-Artlcles of
Incorporation of the American Tin Plate
Company were filed with the Secretary
of State to-day. The capital stock is
$50,000,000. Ibe company Is empowered to
manufacture and deal in tin, terpe, black
plate and kindred products, also to own
and operate mines. The conrpany stock is
divided into $20,000,000 preferred and 130
000,000 common stock. The preferred stock
is to pay 7 per cent cummulative divi
dends. The incorporators are James H
Dill of New York, Howard K. Wood of
East Orange and Duncan P. MacLaren of
East Orang>-.
TWO FIREMEN KILLED.
Crushed by a Falling Wall During
a Chicago Conflagration.
CHICAGO. Dec 15.— Two firemen. Lien
tenant Mutt hew Myer and Truckman Pat
rick O'Herne. worr killed by the collapse
of a wall to-night during a tire in the
livery stables nt 2154 Cottage avenue.
Several other firemen were seriously hurt
Including the following: Lieutenant Al
berl Lingenbereer, |r> X fractured; Michael
O'Hare. skull fractured; Thomas Dillon
skull fractured; Edward Creuscuo, hack
I roken. The property loss was about
$30,000.
MAIL STEAMSHIP ON A REEF.
PORT TOWNBBND, Wash., Dec. 15.-A
report has been received here that the
mall steamer Lydia Thompson is fast on
a reef of rocks extending out from the
north end of Orcas Island. The extent
of the damage is not known. A tug' was
sent from here to-night to the scene.
Severs an Artery in His Wrist.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. IS.-Augnst Zins
graft, a middle-aged man who conducted
a cutlery grinding establishment, com
mitted suicide this morning by severing
an artery in his wrist and holding the
arm over a tub while he bled to death.
He left a letteV to his wife, who had
K'ine out to work in a private family, say
ing he could not endure pain any longer
and had decided to die. He said he was
an Odd Fellow and belonged to William
Tell Lodge of Brooklyn, N. Y.
Killed at Mare Island.
BtTtBUN, Dec. 15.— James Waters, em
ployed by Healy, Tibbetts & Co., the con
tractors for the new section of quay wall
at Mure Island, was in charge of tne
work on - the Government crane scow,
which was engaged in pulling piles, yes
terday, when the ca'ile parted* one end
striking Waters on the head, inflicting in
juries which proved fatal. The deceased
was 34 years of age, a marrU-d man and
resided In Oakland. The inquest was
held at Vallejo to-day.
— -♦ -,
Christopher Sykes Dead.
LONDON, Dec. 15.— Christopher Sykes,
the well-known clubman, society leader
and intimate friend of the Prince and
Princess of Wales, died to-day In his 67th
year.
TELE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
LABOR OPPOSED
TO IMPERIALISM
Action of the American
Federation.
VOTES AGAINST EXPANSION
ALMOST UNANIMOUS IN ITS AN
TAGONISM.
Encroachment of Chinese in Califor
nia Cited as an Object Lesson
for Working People to
Consider.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Dec. 15.— At its
annual convention to-day the Ameri
can Federation of Labor declared, by
an almost unanimous vote, against a
standing army In the United States,
which is in reality recognized as a pro
test against expansion, or "the spirit
of imperialism," as it was termed by
the delegates. This action was taken
after five hours of debate on every
phase of the question. At times many
of the speakers became eloquent in
their utterances and receivd unstinted
applause from the delegates.
The issue came .before the convention
through a resolution which grew out
of suggestions in President Samuel
Qompers' annual report. The debate
opened when the committee, of which
Henry Lloyd of Boston is chairman, of
fered this resolution:
Whereas. As a result of the recent war
with Spain a new and far-reaching policy
known as Imperialism or expansion Is
about to thrust s\pon us a large standing
army and an autocratic navy, this con
vention offers its protest, and calls upon
its officers to use all power to defeat it.
Samuel B. Donnelly of Now York,
president of the American Typograph
ical Union, was the first speaker and
practically the only delegate who in
any way defended the cause of expan
sion.
"Expansionists have always won,"
said he, in the course of his remarks,
"because it is in the interest of higher
civilization. Don't believe that the
65,000.000 people who do not belong to
trades unions in this country are go
ing to bow down to a system of im
perialism or pay homage to a crown. I
know I am in the minority here, but
if we adopt this policy against expan
sion I want to go further and declare
against this peace alliance with Great
Britain."
Andrew Furuseth, representative of
[ the Seamen's Union, characterized the
■ result that he though would follow cx
i pansion as similar to the importation
iof the negro to this country. He de
clared that the encroachment of the
! Chinese in California was an object les
j son for working people to consider in
: connect ion with expansion. He said
j the policy of governments possessing
i extended colonies was to civilize by
| force of arms. He thought the island
ers of the Pacific would enter into di-
I rect competition with American work-
I ing people very quickly if the expan
sion policy was adopted.
When a vote was finally taken the
I resolution was adopted with but three
or four dissenting votes.
Other work accomplished by the con
vention was the adoption of a resolu
1 tion to send an organizer into the
i Southern States during the coming
I year.
A resolution was adopted placing
the Federation on record In favor of
pending a representative of the Gov
ernment to the Peace Congress of Na
tions proposed by the Czar of Russia.
GENERAL BROOKE BEFORE
THE WAR INVESTIGATORS
Tells of Difficulties Encountered in
Equipping Men at Camp
Thomas.
I WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— Major General
John R. Brooke testified before the Wat
Investigation Commission to-day that
most of the volunteers at Camp Thomas
came supposedly with ten days' rations,
but this was the so-called field ration, and
at first they were hungry. This was
remedied by the commissary department
quite promptly. u -: ;; l
The volunteers were supplied with all
sorts of tentage, most of it antiquated,
their uniforms were old and their equip
ment in general was what had been ac
cumulated through the parsimonious pol
icy of the War Department throughout
the preceding twenty-five years. Some
were unarmed and some in their citizen's
clothing, with only one blanket.
The whole energies of the commanding
officer were bent on equipping this
heterogeneous mass of men, but the work
was necessarily slow. Early in June the
commanding general was ordered to send
eight of the best equipped regiments to
Tampa, and to do this it was necessary
i to strip some of the regiments to help out
others. Even with this expedient some
of the regiments left for Tampa poorly
| equipped. General Brooke noticed the
One Hundred and Fifty-seventh Indiana
Regiment, which left camp with its belts
tied together With strings. The War De
partment at this time had exhausted all
the canvas and tentage in the country.
Canteens, knives, forks, cups and the like
j were also short, and this condition, he
! said, continued practically up to the end
j of his administration at Camp Thomas.
Governor Beaver read a report from
I James Parker, sanitary inspector of the
I Twelfth New York Volunteers, detailing
1 an unprintable disgusting state of sani
tary affairs at Camp Thomas during Gen
eral Brooke's administration, and General
i Brooke was asked what he had to say
regarding It.
"I will say," he replied, "that it is not
only untrue, but if you will give me a
copy of that report I will see that that
young man goes before a court-martial
for those statements, unless he . is pro
tected in his testimony by this commis
sion."
SALE OF FIVE MILLION
GALLONS OF RED WINE
Big Deal Effected by the Managers
of the Wine-Makers'
Corporation.
ST. HELENA. Dec. 15.— An important
! meeting of the Wine-Makers' Corporation
was held here to-day. Henry J. Crocker
and \V. J. Hotchkiss. president and man
: ager respectively of the corporation, were
| present.
It was announced that a largo sale of
I wine had been made to an association of
i dealers in San Francisco, who purchased
j 5.000,000 gallons of red wine at prices rang
ing from 12V* cents to 15 cents a pallon.
The California Wine Association relin
quished its judgment of over $100,000 for !
about $10,000 cash. The corporation main- '
! tains its trade throughout the world. The '
< basis of the agn nient is that the dealers
and the wine-makers realize that harmony ,
I of interest will result In profit to all con- '
j cerned and place the wine industry of the !
State on a sounu basis. Under a Btrong ■
■ co-operation of the wine-growers and the '
I wine-makers. President Crocker an-
Bounced, the settled price of grapes wiU
be not less than $10 a ton, and fluctuations i
of the wine business will not extend to
; this branch. Money will be advanced to
i the full extent of the contract of 90 per
j cent of the growers' co-operation.
Rend the capital (hrlstnins ntorien
by Anthony Hope, Bret Harte, "Q,."
Octave Thanet and Robert Duncan
Milne In the Chrtntnian Call, out
next Snnday, December 18.
SIR EDMUND J. MONSON.
Sir Edmund j. Monson. who has publicly "warned" France from a ban
quet table In Paris, is among the top men of British diplomacy. He suc
ceeded the Marquis of Dufferin at Paris two years ago. His very first ser
vice in diplomacy was as an attache to the very embassy of which he is
now the head. Ho afterward served at Florence, Hanover and Brussels.
Old-timers in Washington will remember him as a dignified and promising
man when he was attached to the British legation hero some years ago.
After his return to London he stood for a seat in Parliament, but was
defeated. He then went back to diplomacy and was consul general in the
Azores, in Budapest and in Pest. He was intrusted with special missions
to Dalmatia and to Montenegro, served in Argentina, Denmark and Greece,
and in 1892 was promoted to be Embassador at Vienna. Ho helped to arbi
trate the "Butterfleld claim," between the United States and Denmark, and
has been prominent in other diplomatic affairs. He is courtly, cultured,
and one of the best international lawyers in Europe.
FOR THE MILITARY
CONTROL OF CUBA
Formal Order by the
War Department.
LUDLOWGOVERNOROF HAVANA
OTHER GENERALS WHO WILL
COMMAND DEPARTMENTS.
Brooke Will Be on Hand When the
United States Takes Formal
Possession of the Is
land.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— The War
Department to-day made public the
formal order providing for tho military
government of Cuba. The notable
feature of the order is that Major Gen
eral Ludlow, who is designated as Mili
tary Governor of Havana city, while
nominally subordinate to the division
commander, General Brooke, is appar
ently charged to exercise all the civil
functions in that place, under the di
rect authority of the President. Gen
eral Lee's functions appear to be lim
ited to those of a strictly military char
acter, although it is said at the War
Department that he may be eventually
charged with all the duties, civil as
well military, of the Governor of a pro
vince. The text of the order is as fol
lows:
WAR DEPARTMENT,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 15.
By direction of the President, a division
to be known as the Division of Cuba, con
sisting of the geographical departments
and provinces of the island of Cuba, with
headquarters in the city of Havana, is
hereby created, under command of Major
General John R. Brooke, U. S. A., who,
in addition to the command of the troops
in the division, will exercise the authority
of Military Governor of the island.
Major General Fitzhugh Lee. U. S. V.,
commanding the Seventh Army Corps,
is assigned to the command of all the
troops in the province of Havana.
Malor General \V. A. Ludlow, IJ. S. V..
is designated as the Military Governor of
the city of Havana, and will report direct
to the division commander. He is charged
with nil that relates to the collection and
disbursement of the revenues of the. port
and city and its police, sanitation and
general government, under such regula
tions as may be prescribed by the Presi
dent. R. A. ALGER,
Secretary of War.
The commands of military depart
ments of the Division of Cuba, com
manded by General Brooke so far as
decided upon, are as follows:
Department of Pinar del Rio—Briga
dier General O. W. Davis.
Department of Puerto Principe—Gen
eral L. H. Carpenter.
Department of Santa Clara — G — Tal
Simon Snyder.
Department of Santiago— General
Leonard Wood.
This leaves the Provinces of Havana
and Matanzas unprovided for. These
commands probably will be left open
until the return of the President from
the South, but the probabilities are
strong that Major General Lee will be
assigned to the District of Havana and
Major General J. H. Wilson to the com
mand of the Department of Matanzas.
General Brooke, who has been in this
city in conference with the authorities
for several days past, will leave for
Cuba in ample time to be on hand when
the United States Government takes
formal possession of the Island on New
Year's day.
WILL CONVOY REGULARS.
The Yosemite to Make the Trip to
Manila via Suez Canal.
WASHINGTON. Dec. IS.— The auxiliary
cruiser Yosemite. which has been laid rip
for the last three months at League Isl
and navy yard, has been selected for ser
vice with Admiral Dewey's fleet. She will
he fitted out at the Norfolk navy yard
and will make the trip to Manila by way
of the Suez Canal. She will take a large
quantity of naval stores, and probably 500
enlistod men for the relief of short
termed men on that station. The Yo
semite was selected on account of her
adaptability for cruising i.. the shallow
waters of China and other Oriental coun
tries. She will start early in January,
and act as a convoy for the regular troops
which are to be sent to the Philippines
over the same route about that time on
two large army transports.
Christmas Presents.
Pretty boxes of fine stationery. Sterling
silver desk ornaments, ink stands, gold
and fountain pens, silver and gold pen
and pencil holders. Bibles and prayer
books in the stationery department. Rea
sonable prices on everything. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
CHURCH PROPERTY
IN THE ISLANDS
Acquired as f a Result of
the War.
ROBERTS WRITES ON SUBJECT
SAYS EDIFICES DO NOT BELONG
TO THE CATHOLICS.
Suggests That the Property Forced
From the People by Spain
Should Be Suitably
Disposed Of.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— At a meet-
Ing of the National Christian Citizen
ship Convention a letter was read from
William Henry Roberts, a prominent
Presbyterian and secretary of the alli
ance of Reformed Churches, on the sub
ject of property in our newly-acquired
posessions. The letter says, in part:
Tn all these territories, acquired as a
result of the war with Spain, there were
largo properties which have been under
the control hitherto of the Roman Cath
olic church as the established church of
Spain and her colonies. These church
properties are claimed by the Roman
Catholic authorities, but, to a large ex
tent, with no show of right. There
doubtless are properties given by will or
direct personal donation under the con
trol of Roman Catholic church* authori
ties in Porto Rico and the Philippines,
but, in addition to such properties, there
are others, especially church edifices,
which were paid for out of the public
funds and maintained nt the expense of
the Spanish Government. The latter
properties are not those of the church
but of the people.
The ecclesiastical situation, therefore,
as it lies in many minds, is this- The
church property in Porto Rico and the
Philippines, being to a large extent the
property of the State, is not rightfully
the property of the Roman Catholic
church. The United States Government
therefore, should take possession of all'
church property, some one should care
fully determine what moiety o f It actu
ally belongs to the Roman Catholic
church, as such, and the Government
should retain the remainder under its
own control for the benefit of the peonies
of the new territories.
I would not advocate that the United
btates Government should take posses
slon of church property in the new ter
ritories, selling the same at public «-Ue
and placing the money In its own treas
ury-; but I do say that the people of this
new territory, in each of their cities ami
towns, should have an opportunity to de
tnrmine what use should be made of
th.-se church edifices. They were built
by money forced from the people by thl
oppressive methods of the Spanish Coy
ernment and they are moral! v and I
think, legally the property of" the In
habitants of these territories Let the™
be a vote for instance, in each of th*
towns and parishes of Porto Rico at t«
the -disposal of the church edifices
WARRANT FOR COUNT
ESTERHAZVS ARREST
Belief at Paris That Dreyfus Is Now
on the Way Home to
France.
LONDON, Dec. 16.-The Paris corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle says-
A warrant was issued to-day (Thursday)
fur the arrest of Count Ferdinand .Wal
sin Esterhazy. It is asserted that Prince
Victor Napoleon stayed at the house of
an imperialist adherent in the Avenue
Hoche from Wednesday to Sunday last
and that while there he had conferences
with General Mercier, Minister of War in
the Cabinet under which Dreyfus w-is
condemned, and Paul Deroulede, the
anti-revisionist.
Ne T ws c . BfMß^S^LSJfsi »'
lieved there that Dreyfus iS now on h?s
way to France. " s
Saw a Leper at Large.
WOODLAND. Dec. 15.-A workman en
gaged on a building near Old Chinatown
to-day reported that he had seen an aired
woman, shunned by her people and cvi
dently trying to keep out of sight who
is afflicted with some dreadful malady
He suspects that it is leprosy, a search
was made by the health officer but t
woman could not be found.
Yolo County Wedding Bells.
WOODLAND. Dec. 15.— Albert M. Bem
merly, one of the wealthiest young farm
ers in Yolo County, and Miss LJllie M
Cooper, a pretty and accomplished society
bud, were married near Cacheville on
Wednesday afternoon. They left for San
Francisco on their honeymoon.
Robert G. lngcerNoll, General O. O.
Howard. V. S. A., IJr. !,>m»n Abbott,
General T. J. Mnrit.in and Chauncey
Depew dlftenna the destiny of the
New America In the < 'hrintmaa Call,
out next Sunday, December is.
GRADING WILL
BEGIN AT ONCE
Work on the Monterey-
Fresno Road.
MEN AND MATERIAL ARRIVE
CONSTRUCTION TO GO FOBWARD
RAPIDLY.
New Railway Will Be Completed and
Ready for Operation by the
Middle of Next
June.
Sr>eclal Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, Dec. 15.— C. R. Eager,
president of the California Construc
tion Company, the contractors who are
to build the first two divisions of the
Monterey and Fresno Railroad, arrived
from San Francisco Tuesday night and
spent yesterday perfecting arrange
ments for an immediate beginning of
the construction of the railroad.
Mr. Eager was accompanied by A.
K. Whitton of San Jose, who is asso
ciated with the California Construction
Company in this contract. Quarters
for men and horses and offices for the
superintendents of the various depart
ments of the work were engaged and
facilities for landing and unloading
tools, lumber and machinery arranged
for.
The California Construction Company
has the contract to build and equip the
railroad from Monterey to Hollister and
to build an 1800-foot wharf at Monte
rey harbor. It will at once commence
work on the wharf. A large number
of piles are already on the ground, the
remainder and a very large lumber or
der being now en route from Puget
Sound. Pile drivers and other ma
chinery were shipped from San Fran-
Cisco to-day. Men and material for
treating the piles by a more improved
process arrived to-night and this part
of the work will be begun before the
close of the week.
Great activity is being caused here
by the work, and there is much en
thusiasm. Under the contract this
section of the railroad is to be com
pleted, equipped and delivered ready
for operation by June 15, 1599.
SALINAS, Dec. 15.— Work on the
construction of the Monterey and Fres
no Railroad will he commenced next
week. President Eager and Secretary
Whitton of the California Construction
Company pasped through Salinas for
Monterey, where two large two-story
houses have been engaged for work
men and several lots for the erection of
barns and sheds. Grading will be com
menced on January 3, and vigorously
prosecuted. Right-of-way has been ob
tained from all but a few who have
signified that they will give it when
the work has been started.
DUNNING AND
MRS, BOIKIN
Continued from First Page.
and felt lonesome at his leaving her.
While he was in the hotel they were al
ways together at all hours of the day and
night. They dined tog-ether. After Dun
ning left she spoke of him frequently and
sought all the information possible re
garding Cuba."
Mr. Knight commenced to question the
witness regarding her husband and as to
who was interested in the hotel with
her. He suddenly took another tack and
asked her If it was a reputable house: if
Mrp. Botkln had at all times conducted
herself as a lady, and if Dunning and her
self had separate apartments. To all of
these the witness replied in the affirma
tive. Then she was excused.
J. W. Erwin, a Postoffice inspector, suc
ceeded her. He Identified the "killer" or
canceling stamp used at Station D, foot
of Market street, as having been used to
cancel the stamps on the fateful package.
The stamps were canceled there, al
though the package might have been
mailed at some other station. He also
traced the deadly sweets on their jour
ney across the continent. The cancella
i tion shows neither date nor time.
J. D. Dunnigan, a mail clerk, proved an
. unwilling witness. He said that from the
start he tried to avoid being dragged into
the case. He testified to having noticed an
oblong box addressed "Mrs. John P. Dun
ning, Dover, Delaware." and the name
being similar to his own he examined
j the package carefully, and the circum
stances of seeing it were thus impressed
1 upon his memory.
To Mr. Knight he said he could not re
member any other package. Detective
1 McVey was the first person who spoke to
him about it. He went to the Postoffice in
company with Chief Lees, taking with
him an oblong box similar to that sent to
Delaware. He threw it on the table in the
mailAom and asked if any one could
: identify it. The witness kept out of the
way. "He did not want to g-et into the
case and did not want to go to Delaware
as this town was good enough for him "'
While the package was on the table he
did not go near it.
Knight asked, "Why?"
"Oh. because!" was the answer.
"Come, now," said Knight, "that's a
i woman's reason; give us a man's reason "
Knight also asked him to explain how
Chief Lees worked the gold brick game
on the clerks.
The witness said he finally was dragged
into the case against his will when De
tective McVey asked him dlrectlv as to
S any knowledge he had of the package
The witness ingenuously told how he had
given the detective attached to the Attor
ney General's office of Delaware what is
known in the language of the street as a
"steei."
"Sure it wasn't a cow?" said the ncr
sistent Knight. v
The witness was excused after telling
how the Delaware mail goes East in a
bag which contains the mail for several
small States.
There was a tremendous crush in the
corridor leading to the courtroom before
the opening of the afternoon session
Sheriff Whelan and a large staff of depu
ties handled the insistent crowd admira
bly and without friction.
Oscar A. Foster, a letter-carrier, was
the first witness. He testified to having
received an order for a change of address
from Mrs. Botkin. Mr. Knight submitted
this to the accused, and she acknowledged
having signed it.
Miss Heney was recalled and said she
had never seen the handkerchief or the
note that was found in the box of candy.
There was a small package wrapped in
paper on the counter when she wrapped
up the candy, and she had to push it
aside. It was not marked "poison."
There was a proee sion of candy girls
to and from the witness stand, until final
ly Mr. Knight called a halt. They were
all asked the same question, "i,d you
ever put any arsenic in candy at George
Haas' store?" They all replied, "No."
Mr. Knight finally said he worn; accept
it as having been proved that no poison
had been placed in the candy there,
whereupon the tide of femininity ceased
to flow to the witness chair.
Mrs. Birdie Price, landlady at Lie Vic
toria Hotel, was called. She knew lirs.
Botkin, who had a room at the hotel
wnen Mrs. Price purchased it. She re
mained there until August 4. with ex
ception of the period between July 27 and
30. The witness asked her where she
had been, but could not recall what an
swer she had received or any statement
she had made. Sne never knew Mrs.
Botkin to bleach any straw goods while
in the house. She met her on the stair
way between the hours of 3 and 4 o'clock
of the afternoon of July 31. She had
two or three packages wrapped in ordi
nary paper. She could not state the size,
but thought one of them was about the
size of a candy box.
The witness was surprised to see Mrs.
Botkin, as she had complained of being
ill that morning and had had her break
fast served in her room. She asked her
why the "Jap" was not permitted to got
her what she wanted, and she said she
had to do it herself. Mrs. Botkin finally
left the house on the afternoon of Aug
ust 4. She asked that her mall be sent
to Healdsburg.
To Mr. Knight the witness said she fixed I
the time of meeting Mrs. Botkin on the
stairs as being between 3 and 4 o'clock,
as she was downstairs to order dinner.
"U'hen Mrs. Botkin left she asked that her
room be rented only to transient lodgers,
as she wanted to come back to it again.
W. C. Rosello told of finding the piece
of seal supposed to have been on the
candy box. It was under the fringe of
a rug in the room. He was inspecting
the room at the time preliminary to rent
ing it.
Mr. Knig-ht took the witness in hand
and questioned him Bharply as to his oc
cupation. Ho said he was an advertising
solicitor and did odd jobs distributing ad
vertising matter. Lately he was doing
this for a downtown cafe. He showed
j one of his cards, which Mr. Knight handed '
j to his associate, Senator Frank McGowan.
i The latter found It contained an immoral
story, and Knight wanted to read it to
the Jury. Upon Mr. Hosmer's objection
Judge Cook would not permit it to ba
read aloud, but the Jurymen were allowed
to inspect it. The ladies In the courtroom
were preparing themselves to be properly
j shocked if the offensive document was
i read by Mr. Knight. He said his object
| in getting it before the jury was to show
I the kind of a man witness was. The witness
! said he saw the piece of seal glitter on the
j floor, picked it up and handed it to Mr.
Barnes, clerk of the hotel, who said: "I
guess I had better keep this. It may have
dropped off the box bought by Mrs. Bot-
I kin." The witness said he did not know
I any of the police officials and had never
j made a statement in the case before.
W. W. Barnes, clerk at the Victoria,
| testified to going to room 26 with Rosello
and of the finding of the seal. He contra
dicted Rosello as to the disposal of the
piece of seal. The former said Barnes
took it, while Barnes said Rosello asked
him to take it to the police.
Knight asked Barnes if his duties ag
I clerk of the hotel included washing the
i windows, cleaning the rooms and such
duties. He asked him if he knew the hus
band of Mjts. Price, the landlady. The
witness declined to answer on the ground
that it had{ nothing to do with this case.
Knight a*ked him, in surprise, "You
j don't inteno. to pass on the testimony, do
I you?" He !<lid not follow the matter up,
i apparently ror fear of prejudicing his case
before the .Jury.
The case will be continued this morning
at 10 o'clocft.
NAPA COUNTY PIONEER GONE.
t
John Herjry Seawell Passes Away
liaden With Years.
ST. HEIJEXA, Dec. 15.— John Henry
Seawoll, a wloneer of Napa County, died
near St. Helena on Tuesday at the age of
83 years. Hj- was born in Missouri in Feb
ruary, ISJS, land came across the plains in
3860, arriving in. Napa County x bat fall.
The next Tyea'r he ' was' elected Clerk
of Napa County. He established the first
mercantile business in Napa City, and ac
companied IGwin and Henley to idexteo
to meet Maximilian. He was an undo
to Emmet Seawell, who was a candidate
for Congress in the First District on tha
Democratic ticket. A widow and five
children survive him.
RUINED BY THE PLTTNGER.
Gillett's Brother Has Been Forced
Into Insolvency.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 15.— A special to
the Star from Abilene, Kan., says: J. "W.
Glllett, a hardware and implement dealer,
to-day turned over his business at Wood
bine to his creditors. Gillett is a brother
of Grant Gillett, the absconding cattle
king, and had $190,000 worth of cattle pa
per issued by his brother. The cattle
which J. W. Gillett supposed he owned
have been found to have been mortgaged
to others. His assets are placed at 150,000.
BARON VERNON
Was Captain of the Honorable Corpa
of Gentlemen-at-Arms.
LONDON, Dec. 15.— Baron Vernon. cap
tain of the Honorable Corps of Gentle
men-at-Arms, is dead.
George William Henry Venables Ver
non. seventh Baron Vernon, -was born
February 25, 1854. He was formerly an
officer of the Scots Guards and a captain
of the Twelfth Lancers. Lord Vernon
married in 1885. Frances, daughter of
Francis G. Lawrence of New York City.
Hail Damages the Crops.
BUENOS AYRES. Dec. 15.— A violent
hailstorm has caused the loss of 3 per
cent of the crops in various districts of
Rio de Janeiro. ___^___^_^
Hudyan
cures Hudyan
in a Hndyan
Week. Hadyan
___ Hudyan
The only way to get back your vitality, the
only way to be a real, true, vigorous man, ia
to stoi) the waste. A wasting man, a man
whose vitality la daily crowing leal and lew,
soon begins to have sleepless nights'. Glim-
mering flecks appear before the eyes, darting
before him in minute pieces like a huge star
scattering. When yon note this condition you
are on the eve of Nervous Debility, and if
you are not careful you will be sure to rail
into nervous prostration.
THE SURE CURE.
Hudyan is the sure cure. Hudyan cures
Nervous Debility. Kidney Debility, Liver De-
bility. Blues, Melancholia, special weaknesses
and disabilities of men.
Hudyan cures pimples, drains, losses. Hud-
yan cures Varicooele. Hydrncele and affections
of the prostate gland. Hudyan cures Sperma-
torrhoea and Atrophy. Hudyan cures weak
back. Hudyan stops all losses, all drains, all
enfeeblements. Hudyan sometimes is effica-
cious
\ IN A WEEK.
j CIRCULARS FREE.
30-DAY CURE If you are suffering from
30-DAY CURE malignant Blood Poison, or
30-DAY CURE If your blood is tainted, if
the disease is in the first,
AT OFr ICE secondary or tertiary state.
AT OFFICE you can be cured with tha
AT OFFICE 30-day cure. Call or write
AT OFFICE for 30-day circulars.
Consultation. Private Diag-
FREE nosis. Developing Process,
Rheumo-Bath, Electric Bath.
FREE Vapor Bath, Sulphur Bath,
FREE Blood-Poison Bath.
...FREE TALK....
Hudson Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton, Market ana Ellis Sti,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAI*LADIES' CAPES.
A.t $1 45
LA *m?t>,?^y * H C A PES 5 lln «< 5 wlth serge, trimmed 'with braid and beads, collars edged
with thibet fur. On sale at Jl 45 each.
At $2.45.
LA »n? » P US ? CAPES, lined with Mlk serge, handsomely braided and beaded, collar
and fronts edged with thibet fur. On sale at $2 45 each.
At $4.95.
k £ssF > «]Hi M £ CA^ PER - richly trimmed with braid and beads, collar and fronts edged
with thibet fur. On eale at $4 95 each.
-A.t $ r 7 r 6CD
LA E^ PL Y. SH CAPES length 24 Inches, lined with silk serge, handsomely braided and
Deaaeo, collar and fronts edged with thibet fur. On sale at »7 50 each.
At $10.00.
IjA kI K ,?.! PL ,V SH CAPES, lined with silk serge, plaited backs, trimmed with braid and
*cads, collar and fronts edged with thibet fur. On eale at $10 CO each.
LADIES' JACKETS.
At $2.46.
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT CLOTH JACKETS, Ktorm collars. On sale at *1 45 each.
At $3.45.
LADIES 1 BLACK BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, faced with silk. On sale at $3 45 each.
At $4.95.
LADIES' BLACK KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, lined throughout with silk serge. On sale
at {4 ?5 each.
At
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, in black, navy and tan, fly or double breasted
fronts. On pale at $7 50 each.
At $10.00.
LADIES' KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, in black, navy and tan, lined with silk. On sale
at $10 00 each.
LADIES' WRAPPERS.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, waists lined, trimmed with braid. On tale at
60c. each.
At 561.00.
LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, walrts lined, trimmed with shoulder capes and
braid. On sale at $1 00 each
At $150.
LADIES' FLANNELETTE WRAPPERS, handsome patterns, shoulder capes on sleeves,
yokes trimmed with ribbon. On sale at Jl , 0 each.
SPECIAL— KID GLOVES.
At 75 Cents a. Fair.
100 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HARVARD" KID GLOVES, colors brown, tan, oxblood
green, blue, butter, heliotrope and white, also black: good value for $1. Will be on
special sale at "be a pair.
At $1.00 a Fair.
32 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP PIQUE "MOCHA" GLOVES, in oxblood, brown and black-
regular price 51 25. Will be on sale at Jl 00 a pair. *
At ,SI.OO a Fair.
70 do7.»n LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH KID GLOVES, in tan, brown, mode, green blue
pearl, butter, oxblood and white, also black; regular value $1 25. Will be on sale at
Jl 00 a pair.
At $1.60 a Fair.
SO dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP SILK-LINED MOCHA GLOVES, a very desirable glove for
the cold weather, colors brown, red and black. At $1 50 a pair.
I jli Market, Jones and McAllister S&, /
MRS, STANFORD
SEEKS FINAL
DISTRIBUTION
Great Estate Is Ready
for Settlement.
LITIGATION CAUSES DELAY
810 GOVERNMENT SUIT IS COM
MENTED UPON.
To Expedite Matters the Executrix
Is Willing to Cover the Inheri
tance Tax Claim With a
Deposit.
The vast estate of the late millionaire
Inland Stanford is at last ready for set
tlement and final distribution. Since tne
death of the well-known railroad magnate
and philanthropist the great interests ..a
left behind have been enveloped in a maze
of litigation and contention, but the way
of the law in all cases but one has been
run and Mrs. Stanford, executrix of the
estate of her deceased husband, has sug
gested a way that will remove that ob
stacle, and a final settlement may now
be reached. Mrs. Stanford filed her final
account report and application for dis
tribution in the County Clerk's office yes
terday afternoon, and the matter was set
for hearing in Department 9 on the 28th
lnFt. Mrs. Stanford sets forth that the
total cash receipts since her appointment
as executrix amount to $498,344 50; dis
bursements, $443,576 32, leaving a cash bt -
ance on hand, which is on deposit with
the Nevada Bank, of $54,768 18. The state
ment regarding the cash account is fol
lowed by a list of promissory notes held
by the estate, issued by the following
creditors for the amounts named;
Homer Bishop. $400; W. H. Pratt. $«000;
George Hazelton. $8000; Golden Gate Woolen
Manufacturing Company. $190,000; Henry de
Groot. $2500; George Oulton. J4000; John H.
Moore. $5000; Kentucky and South Atlantic
Railroad Company. $369; F. and Elva Shaw.
$1037 79: Sarah H.Wlnne, $2363 17; Secondo Au-
EURtI $220 62
* Accounts receivable on hand are a* follows:
r S Estrada estate. $8156 60; Pacific Improve
ment Company. J267.589 OS; Tyler Beach, $355 55:
N I' Chlpman, $438 21; sundry email accounts,
1711 18.
The real estate still In possession of th«
estate is described in detail, as an asset,
but no values are given. The pieces of
real estate belonging to the estate are by
far the largest items in the inventory,
and are located in this city and San Ma
teo Santa Clara, Sacramento, Tehama,
Napa, Alameda. Contra Costa. Yolo, So
lano, Slskiyou, Colusa, Glenn. Madera,
San Luis Obispo, San Bernardino and Ma
rl n counties. The following specified bonds
are also set forth among the assets:
One hundred and eighty-nine bonds of the
Chesapeake, Ohio and 8. W. K. R. Co.. second
mortgage* 6 per cent, $1000 each; 1000 bonds of
the Galveston, Harrisburg and San Antonio
Railroad Company, second mortgage 6 per
cent $1000 each; 6 bonds of the Kentucky and
South Atlantic Railroad Company 6 per cent.
11000 each; 5 bonds of the Olympic Club of San
Francisco 6 per cent, $1000 each; 5 bonds of
the Salt Lake and Fort Douglas Railroad Com
pany, first mortgage, 6 per cent. $1000 each;
10 bonds of the Union League Club of San
Francisco. $10 each.
Shares of stock In various corporations as
follows are still In the hands of the executrix.
a* Mated In her report: Twelve thousand five
hundred Contract and Finance Company, 32,073
Central Pacific Railroad Company, 1486 Golden
Gate Woolen Manufacturing Company, 8000
I^ne Coal nn.l Iron Company, 10.000 Manzanlta
Water Company. l".O0O Occidental and Oriental
Fteamnhlp Company, 12.500 Pacific Improvement
rv.mpanv 10 000 Southern Development Com
pany. 284,780 Vi Southern Faclnc Company. 28,
4«S 2.i-iw Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
12.500 Western Development Company, 16.-
So€ 20-10.-) Newport and MlssisFippi Valley Rail
road Company, 87SS-63058 Kentucky Central
Trust Fund of December, IS9O.
Mr?. Stanford, in her report, states that
all debts against the estate of the de
ceased millionaire have been fully paid,
satisfied and discharged by her, aggre
gating: the sum of $1,182,173 S2; that the
amount of legacies under the last will
an.i testament of Iceland Stanford was
15.115,000, all of which have been fully paid
and discharged. In conclusion the execu
trix states that "the administration of
the estate was greatly delayed and em
barrassed by reason of various litigation
ami principally by reason of the so-called
Government suit by the United States
against the estate to recover the sum of
H5.25.000 or thereabouts. All of the liti
gation has at last been finally determined
and disposed of in favor of the estate.
with the exception of the so-called in
heritance tax case, which is still pending
in the Supreme Court of this State."
Regarding the inheritance tax, Mrs.
Stanford, in her report, further states
that she is ready and willing and offers
to forthwith plnce in the Union Trust
Company of this city on special deposit
tho sum of $230,000 for the purpose of fully
paying and discharging the tax if it b*e
declared l*gal by the Supreme Court, and
if the tax be declared illegal, then Mrs.
Stanford asks that the money b« dis
tributed to persons lawfully entitled
thereto.
Christmas Presents.
Our frame department is full of novel
ties in cabinets, paris panel and larger
frame?. Something to please every taste,
and suitable for every picture. Prices al
ways reasonable. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
IT LOOKS BLACK
FOR BLACKMAN
EVIDENCE AGAINST THE DIS
GRACED POLICEMAN.
His Case and That of Saloon-Keepei
Rood, His Alleged Accomplice,
Continued Till Tuesday.
Policeman Cassius Blackman and
Frank H. Rood, saloonkeeper on Valencia
street, were arraigned in Judge Mogan'a
court yesterday on the charge of grand
larceny. Blackman was represented by
Attorneys Wilson and Sweeney and Rood
by Attorney M. C. Hassett. The cases
were, by consent, continued till next Tues
day. Rood is out on $3000 bonds, and at
the request of Blackman's attorneys the
Judge reduced his bonds to $2000.
Blackman's arrest has caused a pro
found sensation throughout the depart
ment, as it is looked upon as a reflection
upon all those sworn to protect the lives
and property of citizens and visitors.
There is a hope that he will be able to
prove his Innocence, not particularly for
his own sake but for the esprit de corps
of the department. Captains Seymour
and Gillen. who have charge of the case,
are determined that he shall be punished,
if guilty, ami the proof they have ob
tained points that way.
Two additional witnesses cam" forward
yesterday and made statements to the po
lice. John Halm, 136 San Carlos avenue,
was the man that Cornelius Cronin. the
victim, thought was following him to rob
him. He went into Rood's saloon with
Cronin, Blackman and Special Officer
Murphy and saw Cronin count out his
money and give it to Rood at Blackman's
suggestion. He heard Cronin and Rood
mention the amount as $255.
The other witness is W. E. McNamee, 16
Dearborn street. He went into Rood's
saloon while Cronin, Blackman and Halm
were there. He saw Cronin count the
money, ten $20 gold pieces, a $10 gold piece,
a $5 gold piece and he thought 130 In
greenbacks, and hand it to Rood, who put
ft in a cigar box. He walked with the
others as far as Sixteenth street on their
way to the Valencia Hotel. Blackman
told him to say nothing about it. as re
porters might get onto the business.
It is nearly sixteen years since a mem
ber of the department was arrested for a
similar crime. Policeman Langtry was
then the culprit. He was caught steal
ing silks from a warehouse on the water
front He was sentenced to nine years
in State prison.
Christmas Exercises.
The Christmas exercises of the Red-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
i-AULI I lUlifiL iilUUULiliLi! I U
• • • TO • •'•
We wish to remind those who have not as yet made their selections that we offer
them, this week, AT PRICES THAT CANNOT BE DUPLICATED, their choice from a stock
of HOLIDAY GOODS, that in COMPLETENESS, EXCELLENCE AND GENERAL ATTRAC-
TIVENESS is the superior of any exhibited in the West, and we respectfully invite all in
search of ACCEPTABLE HOLIDAY GIFTS to call and by an inspection of the UNPRE-
CEDENTED VALUES PRESENTED satisfy themselves of the
Wonderful Inducements Offered Purchasers!
■
"" STORE OPEN EVENINGS DURING THE REMAINDER OF THE HOLIDAY SEASON.
Men's
Furnishings.
Handkerchiefs.
At i2«5 Cents.
MEX'S ALL-LINEN HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, with embroidered
initial* and fancy boxen of one half doz-
en each; will be offered at 25c each. Jl 60
a box.
At -2=5 Cents.
T6 dozen MEN'S JAPANESE ALL-SILK
HANDKERCHIEFS, hemstitched bord-
ers, painted in the newest designs, mi
Inches wide and extra site; regularly
sold at 50c; will be offered at 23c each.
At 75 Cents.
42 dozen MEN'S JAPANESE SURAH SILK
HANDKERCHIEFS. witn hand^em-
brolder»d initials and hemstitched bord-
ers; will be offered at 75c eac.i: or In
fancy boxes, Vt dozen each, at $4 00 box.
Neckwear.
At 25 Cents.
400 dozen MEN'S EXTRA FIN TT 3 ALL-
SILK NECKWEAR, In Teeks and four-
in-hands (a special purchase), all extra
value for 50c; will be offered at 25c each.
At SO Cents.
250 dozen VERY CHOICT ALL-SILK
NECKWEAR, In Teeks, four m-hands.
puffs, Ascots, band and hield bowg,
etc.. etc., newest shapes; will ".e offered
at 50c each.
Mufflers and Reefer Scarfs.
At 50c, 7Se. $1.00. $1.25 to $3.00.
A complete assortment of MEN'S BRO-
CADED AND STRAH SILK M!"FF-
LERS. In soild shad°s, fancy mixtures,
plaids, etc.. etc.; will be effered at 50c
to J3 00 each.
It 755, $1.00, $1.50. $2.00 and $3.00.
H>NP HEMSTITCHED REEFERS. sin-
gle width, at 75c and Jl 00; double width,
II 60 and J2 00; hand embroidered
floral dpslgns or Spanish lace ends; at
13 00 each.
BERKELEY'S NEW FOOTBALL CAPTAIN.
JR. WHIPPL.E will next year marshal the forces of the University of
California when next the blue and gold line up against the cardinal
players from Stanford. He was last night elected to succeed Hall, and
he will be Berkeley's captain next year. Whipple has had two years'
experience on the big team, and played for two years at half before he
came to college. He is 24 years of age, weighs 165 pounds, and is 5 feet 10^6
inches in height.
Whipple put up a brilliant game at left tackle last Thanksgiving day,
completely outclassing Wilson, who played opposite to him. He Is exceed
ingly popular, and will mnko an excellent captain. He has plenty of grit,
a cool head and knows the game.
ding School were held yesterday after- |
noon, and a delightful programme was I
presented. The skillful drilling by Miss
Esther Carpenter, singing teacher of the
School Department, made the singing the
best feature of the entertainment.
Those who took part in the songs and
recitations were the following: Russell :
Ryan, Milton White, Adele Steinman,
Etta Woods, Mary Verdier, Sylvan Si
mon. Viola Moser, Douglas Barrows, ■
Rhoda Reise, Wlnileld Barrows, Maggie
Norton, Clarisa Mahon, Kathleen de :
Toung, Harry Brown, Gertrude Tormey,
May Woodman. Walter Seberg. Mervyn j
Wehe. Phyllis de Young and Harold j
Gregory.
EED CBOSS NOT RESPONSIBLE.
Miss Sehaefer's Statement About the
Manila Hospitals Unau
thorized.
The members of the local Red Cross So
ciety are very much displeased with the
statements of Miss Schaefer. Mrs. W. B.
Harrington, president of the local Red
Cross Society, stated that no reports of
such a condition of affairs at the front
have been made to the society, and the
organisation in general and she In particu
Ladies'
UNDERWEAR
And WAISTS.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' KNITTED SKIRTS, in plain colors,
with fancy colored borders ; extra good value
at 75c; will be offered at 50c.
At *I.SO.
LADIES' SILK AND WOOL KNITTED
SKIRTS, plain colors, with fancy colored
borders: extra good value for $2 25; will be
offered at $1 50.
At
LADIES' TENNIS FLANNRL NIGHT
GOWNS, In plain colors, with deep sailor
collars; extra good value for $1 Co; will be
offered at Jl 00.
At
LADIES' EIDF.R DOWN DRESSING
SACQT'ES. In pink and white, blue and
white and red and white; perfect fit; extra
good value for $1 75; will be offered at Jl 25.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' ALL-WOOL FACINATORS, in pink.
Mue, red and black; extra good value at
75c; will be placed on saie at 50c.
At
LADIES' TAFFETA PILK WAISTS, in fancy
chocks and stripes, lined all through; made
in the latent etyle; extra good value for $8;
will be offered ut $6 60.
At $7.'!0,
LADIES' HAM SOME TAFFETA SILK AND
SATIN WAISTS, in hlack and colored;
tucked back and front; extra good value
for $10 0"; will be offered at $7 50.
At :2S Cents.
LADIES' WHITE LAWN APRONS, extra
wide and long; finished with insertion; ex-
tra good value at 4<V; will be offered at 25c.
At SO Cents.
LADIES' FINE LAWN APRONS, good width
and length, finished with tucks and Inser-
tion; extra good value for 75c; will be
offered at 50c.
lar wish to have the public understand
that the Red Cross is In no way respon
sible for Miss Srhaefer's report.
"At the time Miss Schaefer made those
assertions she was not in the employ of
the Red Cross," said the president, "and
our ladies are very much annoyed that
the young- woman should have given such
an interview, giving to it, ut> she does, the
impression that she is speaking- for the
society. Miss Schaefor became Pick as
soon as she reached Manila and has not
done any work since she has been there.
We pent her there and when she left she
did so of her own accord and without any
order or authorization from the society
here. Hence she voluntarily severed her
connection with the Red Cross the mo
ment that she turned her face homeward,
so the interviews from Honolulu must be
taken as those of a private Individual and
not of one of our employes. None of the
reports that we have received from our
employes at Manila give any such gloomy
accounts of the condition of the soldiers
there, and until we hear something: be
sides what Miss Schaefer states we are not
disposed to think that matters are as
serious as she would have the public be
lieve."
Good C'hrintmnn 'linncrs by promi
nent San Francisco tmcnevt I yon. In
the Chrlatman Call, out next San
day, December 18.
Special Value in Ladies' & Children's
HOSIERY.
At 2S Cents.
800 doz. CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK
COTTON HOSE, in fine and heavy
weights, imported, with double heels
and knees, at 25c.
F\t .2S Cents.
400 doz. CHILDREN'S IMPORTED FAN-
CY COTTON, In all the newest designs.
Including Scotch plaids, tartans and Ro-
man Btrlpea, nil sizes; suitable for
Christmas presents; regular value, 50c
and 75c pair; will be sold for the
pair.
At 33't Cents.
100 doz. CHILDREN'S 2-1 RIBBED IM-
PORTED FAST BLACK CASHMERE
HOSE, double heels-- and knees, at 33 l-3c
the pair.
LADIES' HOSIERY.
At 15 Cents.
200 doz. LADIES' FAST BLACK IM-
PORTED <<>TTON HOSE, double heels
and sole; worth $3 OU d' z. ; will be sold
for 15c the pair.
At Cents.
500 doz. LADIKS' Rp:.\L MACO FAST
BLACK COTTON HOSE, sold usually at
$4 doz. ; will be offered for 25c pair.
Special in Ladies' FANCY HOSIERY
Suitable for Christmas Presents.
At r2«3 Cents.
500 dozen, the latest styles in LA-
DIES' FANCY COTTON HOSE, in a
great variety of patterns, worth 50c a
pair, will be offered for 25c pair.
At 3S Cents.
400 doz. LADIES' FANCY LISLE
THREAD HOSE. In stripes, plnlds and
vertical embroidered; good value for $6
doz. ; will be sold for 35c pair.
At SO Cents.
20" doz. LADIES' EXTRA FINE QUAL-
ITY LISLE THREAD HOSE, In fancy
tartsns. plaids and Roman stripes, with
embroidered silk at sides; good vaiue
for 75c and j; each; will be cold for 50c.
LADIES' UNDERWEAR.
At SO Cents.
150 doz. LADIES' HEAVY GRAY
FLEECE-LINED VESTS; suitable for
winter wear; at 50c each.
JAY HUGHES
EXPLAINS HIS
QUEER ABSENCE
His Name Was Im
properly Used.
GILT EDGES WERE BLAMELESS
WAS IN NEED OF A LONG
VACATION.
McCarthy of the Athletics a Great
Player, Yet Had to Be Sensa
tional to Have It
Known.
By Joe Corbett.
The last time the Gilt Edges played
here it was announced previous to the
date set for the contest that "Jay 11
Hughes, Baltimore"s star twirler of last
season, was to pitch for the above named
team. As baseballdom is aware, Mr.
Hughes failed to put in an appearance,
and many of those who went to Recrea
tion Park purposely to see him came
away disappointed and in a few cases dis
satisfied.
Mr. Hughes, on seeing his cognomen in
the line-up, immediately telegraphed me
that he had not authorized any person to
use his name In connection with the pro
■ posed contest and did not intend to pitch.
The telegram, like the "pardon," came too
late. Mr. Hughes, however, has evidently
heard that the San Francisco public was
greatly disappointed in not seeing him
perform on the occasion In Question, and
writes the following letter in explana
tion, which 1 take great pleasure in pub
lishing:
Mr. Joe Corbett, Baseball Editor Call— Friend
Joe: i would like to oner to you and to the
baseball-loving public of California, and par
ticularly (.■£ San Francisco, who have always
treated me so kindly and fairly In the past.
not an apology but a mere explanation of the
facts rt-garding my non-appearance with the
Gilt Edges against the Walauiivilles.
At the end of the National league season I
was completely worn out from the physical
and moral strain attendant upon a young
pitcher's lirst year In the great league, and felt
nappy at the promise of rest I had made my
self upon my return home to my friends In
Pacramento. 1 had found, however, that the
record ot my work had preceded me, and my
friends thought me better than I really felt
mjself. To satisfy their desire to see me work
1 consented to pitch one game, but informed
the Gilt Edge management that I needed rest
and would pitch no more this season.
I was, therefore, very much surprised to see
myself advertised to pitch agttmst the 'Watson
vUlea and inquired of the Oilt Edge manage
ment if they had sent in my name. They In
formed me that they had not. I Immediately
wired your paper and the Chronicle that my
name had been used by mistake, as I did not
feW that I waa in condition to do myself or my
old-time colleagues Justice. I did this merely
to set myself right before the San Francisco
public, thinking that perhaps some few of my
friends might go out to see me play.
I am at a loss to understand who is responsible
for advertising my name in the list of Gilt
Edge players, but feel certain that It was not
the Gilt Edge management.
I address you this now, as I have been In
formed that several of my San Francisco
friends were dissatisfied at not seeing me, and
to state positively that it was through no fault
of mine that they or the San Francisco public
may have felt themselves disappointed at my
non-appearance.
If you can find space for the above In your
muchly appreciated paper I will deem it an
especial favor. Believe me, yours' very truly,
JAY HUGHES.
[ Of the many players now perforralnar j
TABLE LINEOEPARTMENT.
At 55 Cents
TABLE DAMASK, grass bleached. 72 inches wide, pure Irish linen, new and pretty p«^ •
terns; worth 75c. On sale at 55c yard.
At 75 Cents.
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 68 inches wide, a close, fine weave, very heavy and dur-
able, satin finish; worth 90c. On sale at 75c yard.
At SI.OO.
BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, fine satin finish. 72 inches wide, stylish new patterns;
worth .$1 25. On sale at $1 00 yard.
At 51.60.
%-DAMASK NAPKINS. 22 inches square, a fine grade of Irish linen, satin finish; worth
$1 90. On sale at $1 60 dozen. -. -CT:\
At 52.00.
%-DAMASK NAPKINS, 23 Inches square, heavy and solid; worth $2 35. On sale at $2 00 doz.
BLANKETS.
At $3.25.
11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, 72 Inches wide, heavy and serviceable; worth $3 75. Will
be ottered at $3 25 pair.
At 53.95. '
11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS. 72 inches wide, made from a good grade of wool; worth
$5 00. Will be offered at $3 95 pair.
At 54.75.
11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, full size, a fine close weave, warm and durable- worth
th 50. Will be offered at *4 75 pair.
At 35. 50.
11-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, full size, extra heavy and a soft, fine finish: worth
$6 50. Will be offered at $5 50 pair.
At 58.75.
12-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, full sire, made from a fine grade of Australian wool,
extra heavy and very durable; worth $7 50. Will be offered at $6 75 pair.
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS.
At 4 Cents.
1000 dozen MISSES' HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, white and printed borders-
regular value 60c dozen. On special sale at 4<- each.
At 5 Cents.
1000 dozen LADIES' PLAIN WHITE HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS; regular value
75c dozen. On special sale at 6c each.
At 1O Cents.
500 dozen LADIES' ALL LINEN WHITE HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS. fine
quality, V*. Vi and 1 inch hem. On sale at 10c each.
At 8» Cents.
1000 dozen LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, scalloped borders In
a variety of patterns. On special sale at 8 l-3c each.
At ISS Cents.
600 dozen LADIES" WHITE EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, lace edge, a large as-
sortment, of patterns; value 20c each. On special sale at 12,^c each. ■
At 15 Cents. .-';• :
200 dozen LADIES' ALL-LINEN EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, small neat
patterns, nicely assorted; value 20c. On special sale at 15c each. .
At 85 Cents.
&00 dozen LADIES' WHITE EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, hemstitched, scalloped
and lace effects, pure linen and lawn ■ assorted. On sale at 25c each.
At 15 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' PURE LINEN HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS, hi. inn* hem
small initial; 15c each in fancy boxes of one-half dozen.
[/Iff Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. 9 /
V^ yj San Francisco* /
linger the direction of the Pacific Coast
League few are as accomplished In the
many departments of the game as Mr.
McCarthy. Wt fielder for the Athletics".
This gentleman, since his return from the
Western League, has been playing some
beautiful ball and doing some really clever
all-around work at Recreation Park, but
owing to the fact that he possesses the art
of making easy plays out of those chances
which would be most difficult to the or
dinary fielder, he has been overlooked to
a certain extent by those who writ*? up
and patronize the games. Until last Sun
day's great game between the Athletics
and Watsonvilles McCarthy never ha.l
an opportunity to do anything really bril
liant; this because, as I said before, he
made difficult chances appear easy. But
ballplayers, like other folks, are generally
presented with an opportunity and Mc-
Carthy's came last Sunday. He was play
ing his usual position— left Held.
The Watsonvilles had two men on
bases and there were two out. If those
two men could cross the plate a game
would be decided, and the batsman stead
ied himself for the ordeal. A straight
ball came tearing over the heart of the
plate. The batsman with a mighty and
well directed swing met it squarely, and
far out in the direction of the left field
fence it sailed. For a second no one
thought of that ball being headed off in
its winning flight. It appeared as though
it would nit the fence on the fly, and
merely to watch its course I stood up
with the rest, when spinning along as
though propelled by some hidden power
could be seen the form of McCarthy go
ing like mad after the sphere. He seemed
to know the exact spot the ball would
strike— an art familiar only to the tjreat
fielder— and as if by instinct turned and
captured the expected winning hit.
Immense applause greeted this perform
ance, and I will say that the San Fran
cisco rooters appreciate good work and
are not slow in displaying their pleas
ure. This is the first brilliant play Mc-
Carthy is credited with since joining the
Athletics. But it is not the first gTeat
play he has made. Many times he has
captured balls which, were it not for his
ability, would have been called brilliant
plays.
He is one of the few fielders who does
not cater to grand stand work, a trait to
bo admired in any man. Besides be
ing an excellent fielder, McCarthy is what
might be properly termed a "crackerjack"
base runner. His performances in this
department of the game have often won
him applause. In the Western League
his ability to pilfer the cushions was sec
ond to none, and back there In that
league, where many fine players roam, he
is considered a "star" of the first magni
tude.
The Frisco fans are a bit slow some
times in recognizing good work. Per
haps it is on account of the many poor
exhibitions that grace our diamonds, and
AD VEBTISEMEN TS.
Dr. Meyers & Co., Specialists.
N0 PAY TILL CURED *
731 Market St.
' ESTABLISHED 1331.
it takes, therefore, something entirely out
of the ordinary to acquaint us with the
fact that some very clever players are
M^' rr t >, mlds V I J hls v ls certain^ so of
McCarthy. He has been playing superb
al L L er « Joining the Athletics, and
it took something sensational to bring
him before the public In his proper ca
pacity. However, he is there now with
?,.n e hST ance S f0 £ nls reat catch and home
run hit on Sunday last will live for son,"
time to come as will his ability to gauge
the spot a ball will drop. '"'Long live
street rth >'- Sa> ' S the barber across the
The Seattle ball team will arrive Sun
ay M raO snln5 nln and will commence practice
on Monday in preparation for the coming
games to be played at Recreation Park
commencing the 25th inst. Much inter
est is being taken in these proposed
games, and from indications they will be
eh« lR S C S? M - Manager Dugdale has not
changed his opinion regarding the result
of the contest. Maybe he will later on
Robert G. InKerwoll, General O. O
Howard. V. S. A.. Dr. l.jiiuin Abbott,
General T. .F. Morpan and < hauncey
Depew dtNcnn* the dentlny of the
>>tv America In the C hrlNtinna Call,
MISSION MERCHANTS.
Organization Effected for the Im-
provement of Trade Conditions.
A meeting of Mission merchants was
held last* night in Mission Parlor Hall on
Seventeenth street and an organization
was effected to be known as the Mission
Business Men's Association. It is intended
to work along the same lines as the Mer
chants' Association and be a sort of
auxiliary to that body. The members will
co-operate with the purpose of bettering 1
the trade conditions in that section and
also endeavor to provide for proper light
ing and paving of the streets.
Temporary organization resulted in the
election of the following officers: Presi
dent. Henry F. Wynne; secretary, E. S
Harrison; committee on permanent organ
isation. H. E. Snook, F. Waibel W J
Kenney, J. H. Boyson. L. Goldman H H"
Manifold. W. O. Pattoslen, L. J. Gannon!
J. L. Horlger.
They will report on the first Thursday in
January, when it is expected that I0»i
members will sign the roll and much good
will be accomplished thereby in the Mis
sion district.
Rev. Dr. Parkhnrnt of New York
Tin* a Chrintman nermon In the
ChrtMtman edition of The Call, out
next Sunday. December 18.
56
FRIDAY DECEMBER 16, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAYS It
served by carriers In th>ls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; p«r month
€5 cents.
THF WEEKLY CALL ~One y«ar. by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Riftfts House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'cloeK. 387 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkjn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 229' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENT*
Columbia— "A Parlor Match. 1 "
California — "t'nele Lob."
Alcazar— "Alabama."
Tlvoli— "The MMCOt."
Morosco's — '•Temptation of Money."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Cornedy — "The South Before the War."
The Chutes— Gon-lila man, vaudeville and the »00.
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, ipeclaltle*.
fiutroe Baths— Swimming.
Ingleslde Race Track— Races to-day.
Ingle?ide Coursing Park— Coursing Saturday and Sunday.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo. Sunday.
Rosenthal— Orm-.lns In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Q. H. Tmbfen & Co —Monday, December 19, at 12
o'clock. Real Kstate, at 14 Montgomery Bt. j
SCHOOL BOORD BOODLING.
THE suggestion that the coming Legislature
ought to pass a law providing that State Normal
schools, in addition to granting diplomas to
teachers, shall present each graduate with $400 with
which to buy an appointment is one that under ex
isting conditions requires some attention.
Certainly n berths in the School Department are
to be sold in the future as they have been in the past
some such statute as this will be necessary to place
educators upon an even footing. It is apparent that
a teacher graduated by the Normal schools who is
possessed of $400 has an advantage at present over
one not so equipped.
But will existing conditions continue indefinitely?
The Board of Education now in charge of school
affairs in this city has sold positions, loaded down
the payroll of the department, wasted the public
money on collusive contracts and bartered away the
property of the schools. It has been guilty of all
sorts of crimes in addition to trafficking in teachers'
certificates. But its career will end on January 2
next. Is it possible that the people of San Francisco
will stand a repetition of this history?
We are opposed to the passage of a law such as has
been suggested because we hope the people of this
city will never again suffer the affliction of a corrupt
and debased Board of Education. During a period of
twenty-five years there has been but one gang of
boodlers at all comparable with those now in charge
of the School Department. They comprised what was
known as the "tough old board." The new charter
abolishes elective School Directors, and Boards of
Edrcation which will be created after that instrument
goes into effect will be appointed by the Mayor. If
the Mayor ever places in power such debased
wretches as comprise the present Board of Educa
tion the people can take him out and hang him. As
things are the people can only hold themselves re
sponsible. They elected the School Board boodlers,
and all they can do is to hang them or hang them
selves.
On the whole it is better to live in hope than to
despair. The Normal schools are graduating too
many teachers, and it each one were provided with
$400 with which to purchase a position from a bood
ling School Board, we should soon be eaten up with
pedagogues — for we presume that every time that
amount was oit'ered it would be accepted and a posi
tion created.
While such a statute might equalize the situation of
Normal School graduates, it would in the end pro
duce financial anarchy for the taxpayers. We would,
however, regard with some favor a statute which
would make an appropriation for tar and feathers
with which to tre;it every miserable wretch who
boodles with the school funds.
LOST IN THE SHUFFLE.
A REPORT from Atlanta is to the effect that the
President stated while reviewing the troops in
that city. "I otdered a brigade sent to Atlanta,
and thought it was here."
When a general loses so much as a regiment he
is apt to obtain knowledge of the fact, and
here is the commander-in-chief of the army
losing a brigade and not being aware of the loss un
til he went to the spot where he supposed the brigade
to be. and found that the brigade was not on the
spot. Somebody had sent it away.
In civil life there prevails the idea that a brigade
is so large that to lose it is a matter of difficulty.
Perhaps if the President were to put detectives on the
track of his missing brigade he could corral it At
least if anybody happen to observe it cavorting
among the cotton-fields of the South, a notification
should be sent to the President. Possibly the brigade
has wandered so far that it has not heard about the
war being over, and it may do something rash.
We suggest that the Pasidcnt cause to be inserted
in the papers of Atlanta an advertisement something
like this: "Lost, strayed or stolen— One brigade.
When last seen w^'.s wearing blue uniforms, carrying
weapons and giv**n to martial music. Any informa
tion leading to the discovery of the same will be
thankfully received by William McKinley."
The latest man to commit murder and ?ttempt
suicide hereabouts seems to have been embarrassed
by the fact that to blow out the quality of brains with
which he was equipped is not a particularly dangerous
operation.
Many people who do not favor the retention of the
Philippines on principle are worrying as to a safe
method of letting go, and probably Uncle Sam, in
contemplation of the problem, is acquiring new
wrinkles.
Frank J. Capitan forgot to affix the useful post
script, "Burn this letter."
THE VOLUE OF COMMERCIAL HONOR.
THE seizure of a large quantity of California
adulterated wine in Mexico is a very serious
matter.
The wine interest of this State has tens of millions
of dollars invested in it, and its prosperity requires a
wide market outside our own borders.
The shipper of the adulterated product from Los
Angeles should be held to a strict account for his
offense.
Navarro, the dealer in the City of Mexico, whose
goods were seized, says of the affair that he asso
ciated with a couple of young business men in Los
Angeles in the importation to Mexico of wines from
that locality. This implies a partnership, with the
Los Angeles members thereof engaged in shipping
to their partner in Mexico for the joint account and
profit of the firm. If this be so, there should be an in
quiry to ascertain whether this commercial partner
ship is responsible for the sophistication of the wine
in which it dealt, or whether it was made the victim
of the vintner or blender.
More than any other State in the Union. California
requires strict observance of commercial honor on
tiie part of those who deal in her characteristic
products. There is a profitable market for every
pound of our dried and canned fruits and for every
pint of our wines and brandies, provided they are sent
to the consumer in strictly first-class and wholesome
condition.
Our fruit products are largely luxuries, and in this
country and the countries with which we are in com
mercial touch there are enough consumers who want
them, and in good times and bad are able to pay a
first-class price for a first-class article, to take all that
we can send. In regard to our horticultural products,
there need seldom be a time of depression if our pro
ducers and dealers will bear this fact in mind. The
California vintage is old enough to be thoroughly un
derstood. There is no lack of experience in fermenta
tions, in their peculiarities produced by local causes:
nor is experience lacking as to the localities in the
State fitted for the growing of special classes of wine.
Asa wine country the State is spotted, just as all wine
regions are. The same quality of wine cannot be
grown everywhere from the same grape. Nor can
all kinds of wine, red and white, sweet and dry,
clarets, ports, Reislings and Sauternes, be grown in
the same vineyard, under common conditions. One
thing that cast suspicion upon our whole wine pro
duction was the attempt to do this.
It is now known that for first-class dry. red wines
of the Bordeaux type, which we call clarets, a .name
unknown in France, the cooler and moister climates,
near the coast and around the bay, must be sought,
and not the arid and hot localities in the interior val
leys and Southern California. The latter will pro
duct ports, sherries and the alcoholic wines, but not
claret. When an attempt is made to grow a wine in
a region not suited to it. its defects are overcome by
some form of sophistication, of adulteration.
The Viticultural Commission did a great work in
locating the various wines in the field suited to their
production, thereby removing the temptation to over
come the loss of a mislocation by adulteration. While
that commission was in existence it checked adultera
tion and spread abroad a fund of knowledge and a
spirit of commercial honor in the wine business.
It is not many years since salicylic acid was re
garded as an innocuous antiseptic agent in canned
fruits, and no doubt it was for a time largely used in
such fruits. It is known noV, however, that, taken
in food or drink, it produces diabetes and various dis
orders of the liver and kidneys. Instead of being a
harmless antiseptic it is a dangerous poison. Its
use as an adulterant of wine or cider is to arrest fer
mentation. The natural fermentations of dry wines
will continue tor three years. They are the means of
constant purification and preparation of the wine for
use by freeing it of organic matter. When they are
arrested by this adulterant they go to the consumer
charged with its poison, but carrying also the danger
ous organic matter which should be precipitated by
fermentation.
One cannot conceive of a viler dose than such wine.
The man who prepares and sends it to the consumer
is not only an enemy of the commerce of his State
and a destroyer of every vine in its vineyards, but he
is an assassin, aiming a deadly blow at human life
and killing people by the most sinister and dreadful
form in which disease can assail man.
There is on trial in this city a woman charged
with killing two people in a distant State by sending
to them arsenic through the mails in candy. If she
be guilty, she is less guilty than the men who are
killing their kind in distant communities and coun
tries by sending to them a worse and slower poison
in these adulterated wines through the channels of
commerce. The victims of arsenical poisoning had a
few hours of agony and entered upon peace. The vic
tims of salicylic wine enter upon months and some
times years of agony, enduring the misery of chronic
nephritis, finally to die in the convulsions of uremic
poisoning.
The authors of this commercial dishonor and
adulteration are guilty of a greater variety of crimes
than the arsenical poisoner. If she be guilty, her mo
tive was not sordid gain, but arose in human weak
ness and passion uncurbed.
But the wine adulterator kills for gain, to add to
his profits. While he is murdering scores of con
sumers to increase his wealth, he is impoverishing
scores of producers by casting the virulent shadow of
commercial dishonor upon the production which is
their means of living.
Along his track stalk the gaunt specters of disease
and poverty, his sin falls upon the innocent, and his
victims fill the madhouse, the poorhousc and the
charnel-house. He is a conspirator against the
health and happiness, the food and shelter, of human
ity, and should be marked for every man's detesta
tion and be made to feel the penalties of the out
rnged law.
Th|E MUNICIPAL LEAGUE.
WITH the organization of the League of Cali
fornia Municipalities a movement has been
started which, if wisely directed and pushed
forward with proper energy, will result in great bene
fit to the State. There are undoubtedly many ways in
which such an organization can be of service to the
general good, and particularly so to that of the
smaller municipalities.
The programme of work proposed by the organiza
tion is a comprehensive one, but in no respect does it
go beyond the rightful limits of the energies of such
an association. As set forth in the constitution the
purposes of the league are to promote a systematic
collection of information relating to municipal af
fairs: to foster the exchange of suggestions between
municipalities on matters of interest; to prepare and,
so far as possible, influence legislation necessary to
proper municipal administration and growth, and to
generally interest the public in and advocate all ideas
tending to bring the municipalities of California
abreast of the best municipalities of the country.
Conventions of the representatives of municipal
governments are common in the East. There exists
a great national association there under whose direc
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
tion such conventions are held, and their annual
meetings are matters of considerable note owing to
the importance of the subjects discussed. These con
ventions, however, are too far away to be generally
attended by delegates from California cities and
towns. A local league is therefore a necessity of the
situation, and promises to prove as effective here as
the larger gatherings representing the great cities
beyond the Rockies.
It is significant that the first mover in the work of
organizing the California league is the Mayor of one
of the smallest of our municipalities, Mr. D. O.
Druffel of Santa Clara. It is in the smaller commu
nities that the need of co-operation for municipal
improvement is most strongly felt, and the movement
coming from that source is more likely to be strongly
backed up and supported by the cities and towns of
the interior than if it had been originated in San
Francisco.
McKINLEY f3T fTTLfINTA.
BY his speech at Atlanta President McKinley has
once more strikingly illustrated his happy
faculty of saying the right thing at the right
time and in the right way. With a simple appeal to a
sentiment sacred among Southerners, and one with
which the North can and does sympathize, he made
manifest the restored unity of the people of both
sections better than could have been done in any
other way by the utmost elaboration of studied
phrases.
Alter speaking of the loyalty of the South dis
played during the war with Spain and the cordial
recognition of that loyalty by the people of the
North, the President turned from the living to the
dead and spoke of the valor of the Confederate sol
dier, claiming the memory of the courage of the men
who followed Lee and Johnson as a precious pos
session of the history of the whole country. Then,
while his Southern audience listened with profound
emotion, he said:
"Every soldier's grave made during the unfortunate
Civil War is a tribute to American valor. And while,
when those graves were made, we differed widely
about the future of the Government, those differences
were long ago settled by the arbitrament of arms —
and the time has now come in the evolution of sen
timent and feeling under the providences of God
when, in the spirit of fraternity, we should share with
you in the care of the graves of the Confederate sol
diers."
It did not need the reports from Atlanta to tell us
that these words were greeted with an outburst of
loud and prolonged cheering. No sentiment is more
universal among men, nor more profoundly felt
by heroic peoples, than that of reverence for their
dead who died on the field of battle, ai.d when the
President* of the redeemed Union, a representative of
the victors in the great Civil War, spoke these noble
words of the Southern dead, it goes without saying
that the great heart of the South responded with
rapturous acclamations.
It has been the good fortune of President McKin
ley to be a peacemaker among his countrymen. lie
has allayed the antagonisms of politics that at one
time threatened to array labor against capital, the
debtor class against the creditor; he has removed
the bitterer irritations of political strife, has restored
prosperity to all forms of industry and by his readi
ness to accept Southern loyalty and to honor South
ern valor and military skill during the recent war he
has now established the mutual confidence of North
and South and reawakened a patriotism as clear and
ardent as that which animated the people of all sec
tions in the old days when they fought together for
the republic in 1776 and in 1812.
The occasion of the President's visit to Atlanta was
to attend a jubilee given in that city in celebration of
the victories of our arms during the war with Spain.
By his speech he has made it the occasion of a great
national rejoicing. The Northern man was in a
Southern city, but they were not alien to one another.
They had a common sentiment which bound them in
the strongest cords of harmony, and that sentiment
was a mutual love and reverence for the heroic dead
who illustrated American valor and fidelity to prin
ciple during the war that freed the slave and kept the
Union whole.
WHILE disclaiming the possession of any ac
curate statistics on the subject, the Boston
journal asserts that good reasons exist for be
lieving that the westward travel of tourists from the
Eastern States during the winter has now become
about equal to that which goes eastward to Europe
every summer. In other words, domestic travel
among the scenes of our own land has become as
fashionable as foreign travel.
It was not always so. At a time comparatively re
cent the Eastern man of means and culture felt that
he must go to Europe, but had no desire whatever to
see what he called "the wild and woolly West." Our
rich people went abroad to build up and support
European resorts, and our own romantic localities
were left unvisited and almost unknown. The change
that has come is beneficial all round and promises to
be permanent. Commenting upon it the Journal
says:
"With the exception of those who find unique at
tractions in the social or artistic companies of Lon
don and Paris and Rome, Americans spend the win
ter in their own country. This is better both for the
United States and for the people themselves. It has
resulted, on this hand, in the growth of luxurious
winter communities in the far West and in the
South. The balm of the climate of Florida and South
ern California has reached across the sea. On the other
hand, the result has been a rising interest in the almost
infinite resources of the land between the Atlantic
and the Pacific. Keeping in mind the vast riches yet
undeveloped, the steady improvement in means of
transportation and the ceaseless increase of popula
tion, we can see no end to this."
If our Boston contemporary is right in its esti
mate of the change in travel, both the East and the
West are to be congratulated. If the West gains by
having a large influx of Eastern tourists, the East also
gains by acquiring a better knowledge of the re
sources of our country. When these advantages are
fully understood the wise American will probably be
content to remain in his own land and quit being a
lounger in Europe.
Why a Kings County Judge should have gone to
the trouble to sentence a burglar to the penitentiary
for thirty days perhaps the Judge knows. About all
the execution of the sentence will amount to will be
a pleasant excursion and a free haircut.
Members of the School Board have once more been
accused of bribery, but they do not seem much wor
ried. There is nothing like being used to a thing.
Evidently Mr. Bryan exploded before the Exam
iner's justly celebrated National Policy had been
brought to his attention.
Alger seems to think that a soldier can stand al
most anything but a trip through San Francisco.
WESTWARD TRAVEL.
»^THE CALL.
SUNDAY, DECEMBER 18,
....1898....
THE GREAT
PAPER FOR CHRIST-
MASTIDE.
CHRISTMAS STORIES.
CHRISTMAS MUSIC.
CHRISTMAS SONGS.
CHRISTMAS PICTURES.
FINE HALF-TONES.
BEAUTIFUL ILLUSTRATIONS.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
W. E. Travis of Nevada is at the Pal
ace.
M. J. Connell of Butte is a guest at the
Palace.
D. H. Coles and family are at the Oc
cidental.
N. T. Brown of Rod Bluff is at the
California.
V. D. Black of Salinas is registered at
the Palace.
Mrs. H. C. Cook of Belvedere is staying
at the Palace.
Colonel James Jackson, U. S. A., Is at
the Occidental.
J. A. Brent, owner of the Ivanhoe mine,
is at the Grand.
Emmot Seawall of Santa Rosa is a
guest at the Grand.
Alexander Murrny of Liverpool is a
guest at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. S. "\V. Rosenstock returned
from New York last night and are at the
Palace.
Attorneys Charles Maze of Modesto and
A. L. Shinn and W. A. Gett of Sacra
mento are staying at the Lick.
Colonel John C. Kirkpatrick, manager
of the Palace Hotel, who has been on a
business visit to New York, returned last
night.
Dr. M. Gardner, chief surgeon of the
Southern Pacific Company, and select
party of friends left last evening in a pri
vate car for Los Angeles, Yuma, El Paso
and other southern points.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Dec. 15.— A. J. Morgen
stern of San Francisco is at the Ebbitt
House. Miss Kate M. Applegate of Oak
land is at the Riggs House.
THEIR CHOICE
FOR NEXT TERM
The following named have been chosen
by the societies to which they belong as
the officers who will serve during the en
suing term:
Sequoia Parlor, Native Sons of the Golden
West— H. F. Sen&stacken. p. ; William T. Goud
win, H. Scheper and Joseph Lawless. V. Ps. ;
Richard D. Barton. R. S. ; Charles E. Torres,
F, S. ; Lew M. Barman, T. ; l)r. F. H. Cranz,
M. ; Fred Oldenberg, James F. Lyons and M.
O'Brien, trustees: Dr. E. F. Donnelly, sur
geon; W. L. Goodwin, S. A. Whlto and H.
Scheper, directors of the board of relief; L. M.
Hannan. J. F. I,yon nhd L. C. Pistolesi, direc
tors of the library reading rooms. J. S. Ward
becomes the past president.
Golden State Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West— Miss A. Ackman, P.; Miss G.
Schade, Miss A. Thiel and Miss T. lmoker,
A". Ps. ; Miss Johanna Meyer, v. R. (re-elected);
Miss R. Day, F. S. (re-elected): Miss D. Men
carini, M.; Miss ii. Tietjen, Miss F. yon Sta
den and Miss M. Maj?ulre, trustees; Miss L.
Wedel. orsanlst: Mrs. E. S. Merritt. M. D.,
physician. Mrs. C. Day becomes the past presi
dent.
California Lodge, Independent Order of Odd
Fellows— A. O. Clark, X. G. ; V. L. iodd, V. G. ;
Thomas Laherty, P. The installation will be
on th<? second Monday in January.
Crockett Lodge, F. and A. M.— G. C. Groez
inger, W. M.; J. G. North, S. I>. : H. F. Chase,
J. W. ; H. Knust, T. ; H. F. Fortreide, S.
Occidental Lodse, F. and A. M. — E. F. Del
ger, W. M. ; P. V. Gonlon, S. W. ; E. J.
Thomas, .7. W. ; C. L. Haskell, T.; W. G. An
demon, s.
Court Independence, Foresters of America —
John J. Fury. C. H. ; John Knrtlck, S. C. R. ;
P. M. McUushin, F. S. ; James F. Grady, T. •
William J. Reid. 'R. S. ; Henry CleoHnn, B. W :
Edward Kelly. J. W. ; E P Mown, P. p.;
George Marshal, J. n. ; Dr. F. X. Emerson P ;
R. J. O'ReUly. O.i Charles F. Kapp. trustee.
I. Ooldman becomes junior past chief ranger.
Court Acme, Foresters of America— A J
Sievera, C. R. : J. L. OCallaphan. S. C. R •
E. P. Donovan. T. ; W. A. Samuels. F. 8. • D
J. Cronin, R. S. ; David E. Sheohan S W •
Tony Gaicia, J W.J J. H. Wiekham. S. H. •
R. Rennelson, J. P.. : James Magrlnniß, trustee'
long term; P. Collischon, P.
MORE RAIN COMING.
Indications Are Thßt the Fall Will
Continue To-Night.
Although the skies have cleared and
: the rain is apparently over. Weather
Forecaster Hammon still has hopes that
there will be more before the week has
passed. Signs are in such a condition that
nothing can be told more than twenlv
' four hours ahead, yet the bureau is uufte
confident that rain will again begin to
i fall some time to-night.
The area of high pressure is still at
: Idaho Falls, but the barometer is still
steadily falling there. An area of low
pressure is central in the British posses
sions north of North Dakota. Another
small low area is central in Southern
California. This latter has moved to the
i southeastward and so caused the general
; rain throughout the State.
The weather has cleared behind the
■■ storm, but conditions are not favorable
to its continuing so. It is probable that
rain will again occur in Northern Cali
fornia by to-night.
E. A. Hoffmann's Will.
The will of Earnest A. Hoffmann, who
died on November 30, leaving an estate
exceeding $10,000 In value, was filed for
probate yesterday. The testator bequeaths
$o each to Fritz and Heinrich Hoffmann
brothers, and Christina Hoffmann a sis
ter. The residue of the estate Is devised
to Hermann Diedrieh Hoffmajin.a brother
who resides in this city.
Stories By .......
ANTHONY HOPE,
BRET HARTE,
OCTAVE THANET,
ARTHUR QUILLER COUCH-"Q,"
ROBERT DUNCAN MILNE
........... AND OTHERS.
Story of Christ in Half Tones.
CHRISTMAS SONG.
Words by lr)a D. Coolbrith. Music by Oscar Weil.
By J. J.Tissot, the Famous Artist : By Prominent Divines:
CHRISTMAS IN BETH- CHRISTMAS SERMONS
LEHEM. EAST AND WEST.
Mrs. Frank Leslie Writes About Her Recent Trip
Through Spain.
KIPLING AS A SCHOOLBOY. & elates.
I THE FUTURE OF OUR STATE. I
BY REPRESENTATIVE WRITERS.
ROBERT G. INGERSOLL. GENERAL O. O. HOWARD, U. S. A.,
DR. LYMAN ABBOTT, GENERAL T. J. MORGAN AND CHAUNCEY
M. DEPEW DISCUSS THE DESTINY OF THE NEW AMERICA.
GOOD DINNERS FOR CHRISTMAS.
By Prominent San Francisco Housewives.
TRUSTEES REPORT
TO GOVERNOR BUDD
CONDITION AND OUTLOOK OF
WHITTIER STATE SCHOOL.
Institution Is Said to Be in Good
Form — Appropriation Needed for
the Next Two Fiscal xears.
The biannual report of the Board of
Trustees anil superintendent of the WMt
ti'T State School has been submitted to
Governor Budd by Trustee Mrs. Adina
Mitchell, president of the board, and
Trustee William R. Rowland. According
to the document, the school has advanced
in its aims and purposes and the cost of
maintaining 1 the institution has decreased.
The changes made in the personnel of the
officers and the adoption of new methods
have proved successful.
The following recommendations have
been made for the betterment of the in
stitution and for legislative action re
specting- reformation of delinquents: The
addition of manual and physical training
departments; the immediate erection and
equipment of the series of trades build
ings; a distinctive department for the
small boys and their officers; two dormi
tory barraqks for the larger boys; a gym
nasium; the conversion of the present
Company B cottage into a hospital; an
assembly hall for girls; an appropriation
to supply an independent water system;
a change in the law governing the length
of time for detention of girls; the pro
vision of an intermediate reformatory for
the State.
The following appropriations are desired
I for the fiftieth and fifty-first fiscal years:
! For maintenance. $200,000; buildings. $94,
260; equipments, $20,000; independent water
! supply, $25,000; to pay claim? for plans and
I advertising for same, $4447 76; total.
! $343,697 76.
WITHDREW FBOM THE BAZAAR
The Pavilion Charity Fair Said to Be
Tottering.
According to all accounts the Charity
Bazaar at the Mechanics' Pavilion is in
financial shoalwater.
At a meeting of the officers of the
several charity societies held on Wed
nesday evening it was practically
decided to withdraw their organizations,
but the final decision was left until yes
terday noon, when the word to quit was
passed along the line of the following or
ganizations: Children's Day Home, Eu
reka Boy?' Home, Children's Home-Find
ing Society, Francesca Relief Society,
Florence Crlttenden Home, San Fran
cisco Lying-in Hospital and Foundling
Society, Sisters of Mercy and Old La
dies' Home.
Secretary VTadham of the. Eureka so
i ciety states that the executive board
1 was dissatisfied with the manner in
1 which the bazaar was being con
[ ducted. Captain J. Ch. de St. Hu
j bert was the first manager, and he
failed to meet the bills as they became
1 due. He turned the bazaar over to Mr.
i Barley, who placed T. P. Robinson and
Samuel Loverioh in as managers. The
Litter have undertaken to convert the ba
j zaar into a fake institution, so V.'adham
| says, by Introducing a walking match or
something of the kind. The same author
ity states that the labor is not paid and
; bills are coming in at an alarming rate
: His society has not been able to get even
on the outlay necessary for representa
, tion.
VALLEY ROAD STOCK.
Union Trust Company Buys 85C0
Shares for the Santa Fe.
The Union Trust Company of this elty
yesterday began paying for all shares of
the San Francisco and San Jo.iquin "Val
ley Railroad stock which had been de
posited with the company prior to De
cember 6. Over 8".00 shares were bought
yesterday for the Santa Fe road at the
agreed price of $100 a share. This made
J850.000 that was paid out yesterday by the
Union Trust Company.
This amount re-^esonts over one-third
of the entire stock of the Valley road
Any stock that is offered to the Uni»n
Trust Company within the rext sixty
days will be received for collection. The
majority of those yesterday who received
the money for their stock represented the
smaller stockholders of the road.
'85 Dinner and Reunion.
There was a large attendance at the
annual dinner and reunion of the class
of '85. University of California, held at an
uptown rotisserie Wednesd;iy evening.
The members sat down at 7 o'clork and
it was almost midnight before the most
pleasant affair came to a close. John
G. Sutton officiated very happily as
toastmaster and speeches, both formal
and informal, interspersed with music,
made the time pass right merrily. Let
ters and telegrams of regret from absent
members were read ami many pleasant
memories of college days recalled. A
thoughtful and forcible address on "The
University" was delivered by Klllot Mc-
Allister. Among the other speakers wore:
Harry East Miller of Oakland, Ocorgo
Edwards of Berkeley. John O. Sutton of
Tacoma, H. R. C. Feusier of Sunol Glen.
feUward Meek of North Tem^scal. Mr.
Brewer of San Mateo and Charles F.
O'Callaghan of San Francisco.
Bargains In children's books, games and
dolls on second floor at Sanborn & Tail's.
Open evenings- •
The best Xmas present: Townsend's Cal
ifornia Glace Fruits. 50c, in fire etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. C 27 Market St..
Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and publtc men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The sailor is lighted on his way round
the world by 335 lighthouses, of which
number fifty-six are scattered round Eng
land's rocky coast, some of the lights
being so powerful that they are visible
twenty miles out to sea.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing' Syrup"
Has teen used over fUty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the g-ums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mr*.
Window's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL PEL, CORONADO-- Take advantage
of the round-tHp tickets. Now only MO by
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; lor.srer stay $2 BO per day. Apply at
4 X«-w Montgomery street. San Francisco.
STATEMENT
-OF THE-
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE— '
FIREMAN'S FUND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF SAN FRANCISCO IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. 1897. and for the year ending on thai
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by th«
Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up
In cash $1,000,000 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $879,200 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 463 484 85
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 1,913,450 00
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 160,689 34
Cash in company's office ...; 5 929 40
Cash in banks 553 506 61
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans £40 51
Interest due and accrued on bonds
and mortgages 9 322 63
Premiums in due course of collection 396 538 27
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 33,689 45
Due from other companies for rein-
surance on losses already paid 3,850 79
Warrants 3 075 45
Fire premium notes 10,888 54
Total assets $3,734,595 90
LIABILITIES. •
Losses adjusted and unpaid $34.569 70
Losses in process of adjustment or
In suspense 93,775 01
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. 7,000 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,020,525 37;
■ reinsurance 50 per cent 610,262 68
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning mure than one year. $1,291,-
647 18; reinsurance pro rata 637,268 13
Gross premiums' on marine and in-
land i navigation risks, reinsurance
100 per cent ,-••• 83,780 S3
Gross premiums on marine time
risks, reinsurance 50 per cent 61,444 88
All other demands against the com-
pany 113.149 93
Total liabilities $1.451.251 15
INCOME. , •
Net cash actually received for fir*
premiums V'y; 438.305 79
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums -L'"* 308,448 62
Received for Interest on bonds ana
mortgages •■■ • • ••••■■••; •■■ • ■ 29.168 34
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources..: 111.099 41
Received for rents 25,107 60
Total Income $1,912,123 66
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for lire losses $693,531 73
Net amount paid for marine losses.. 229,742 58
1 Dividends to stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage .. : 232.150 58
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 209.712 05
Paid for State, national • and local
taxes 41,294 43
All other payments and expendi-
tures 174,121
Total expenditures [' $1,700,552 56
Fire. Marine.
! Losses incurred during the
year $713,596 02 $145.873 96
j Risks and Premiums. iFire Risks. Premiums.
} Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year.... $167,331,860 ! $2,050,058 19
Net amount of rlaks ex- ■■
pired during the year.. 159,219, 1 1,943,093 76
Net amount in force De- •
cember 31. 1597 ........ 195,556,640 2.312.172 55
Marine i
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks' writ-
ten during the year $65,031,020 $514.678 62
Net amount of risk* ex-
, pired during the year.; 62,538,102 4*3,146 06
Net amount In force De-
-. cember 31, 1897.. 6.227.7741 136,670 59
WM. J. DUTTON, Vice President.
BERNARD FAYMONVILLE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of January. 1898. M. M. RHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.U. S. GRANT'S BID FOR
REPUBLICAN SUPPORT
Made an Offer to Resign One Year After His
Election to the United States
Senate.
Threatened to Make "Trouble" for the Party if His
Wishes Were Disregarded Respecting the
Selection of a Northern Man for
Governor.
N<m that it has been shown that one of I
7. S. Grant's first political acts after he
had acquired a residence in California was |
to lend his moral and financial support !
to the cause of Bryan and free silver the j
Republican members of the Legislature in J
this end of the State are united in saying ,
that he deserves little at the hands of !
the party and will receive less.
This feeling is accentuated by the fact
that at the recent election Grant and his \
managers in the extreme southern part
of the State knifed the Republican State
ticket in order to secure votes for his leg- !
islative candidates. So extensive were !
their transactions in trading votes to Ma- j
gulre in return for votes fur their legls- '
lative nominees that Gage ran about a '
thousand votes behind his ticket in San
Diego County alone. This would have
been sufficient to defeat the Republican
ticket had the result in other parts of the
State been as close as in the election of
two years ago, when Grant lent his ef- !
forts to promoting the cause of Bryan and
free silver.
That the trading of votes by Gran: was
deliberate and premeditated and w.is part
of a plan formed long prior to the election
is made evident by the threats uttered
by the young man and his p. iiticai man- !
Wilton J. Green, prior to the hold- !
invention at Sacra
mento. About the time the plan of giv- i
ing a southern man the Gubernatorial
nomination was being discussed Mr ;
If/I?? 1 vvll?v vll? i ted Makersiield in the Interest
■■ nal candidacy. He
f\t iv lir " :; - wl) spokesman
say to
in reporter relative to the talk
oi a bouthern man for Governor:
That is a scheme that originated in
the North, and it may as well be un
derstood once for all that the South
cannot have a Governor thrust upon
her. The South don't -want the Gov
ernorship and if the plan you name
should be carried out there will be
trouble. The South wants a man in
the Senate and if the Republican par
ty wants harmony it will not insist
in trying to force the Gubernatorial
nomination south of Tehachapi.
That was Mr. Grant's wav of thinking
prior to the holding of the State conven
tion. Note the result The Republican
party did Insist on naming- a Southern
max. for Governor. -Mr. Grant then car
ried out his threat to create "trouble"
by doing' his best to defeat that candi
date. Having failed to accomplish his
purpose; through no fault of his own. he
now comes forward and renews his claim
to recognition at the hands of the party
he has done his utmost to defeat at two
successive general elections— that is to
pay, during his term of residence ip. the
State. A fine record, surely, for a nan
who is still unfamiliar with the geography
of the State, whose legislators he is ap
parently seeking to corrupt with money
furnished by Eastern capitalists who
profit by legislation that is adverse to the
interests of California.
It may be of Interest to the legislators
who will soon be called upon to choose a
United States Senator to know a few of
the schemes this brilliant young man so
recently arrived from beyond the moun
tains has attempted to put into execution
in order to delude the general public and
secun for himself what he la pleased to
ca-1 his "ambition." Some time ago M:
Gram approached a gentleman who is
1 '.orninent in the councils of the Republi
c-m party and Fought his support. Tills
1* 'I.- proposition he made:
"I have an ambition to be United
States Senator. If you will lend your in
iiuence and support to secure my election
I will serve one year in Congress and
then resign in your favor."
The gentleman to whom the offer was
made replied that he -was not In the busi
ness of assisting unknown young men to
gratify personal ambitions at the expense
of the people of the State. He also said
much more to the same effect and Mr.
Grant was dismissed with the assurance
that he would do well to let "crooked"
politics alone II he wished to retain the
respect of decent men. If Mr. Grant has
a sufficient disregard for the truth to deny
the assertion that he made the above
mentioned proposition the name of the
gentleman will be given, as well as some
additional particulars regarding the in
terview.
Mr. Grant has been in the State but a
comparatively short time and he is totally
unacquainted with the needs of the peo
ple. While claiming to be a Republican
he has endeavored to defeat the men put
forward by the party as Its representa
tives and the representatives of Its prin
ciples. With such a recommendation he
comes forward with a political manager
and a horde of salaried strikers and de
mands the highest honor In the gift of the
party. There are other men— good Repub
licans, who have spent the better part
of their lives in promoting the interests of
th<> State and advancing the principles of
the party— who have also signified their
desire to represent the State in the coun
cils of the nation's law-makers. They
know the needs tit the State as a mother
knows those of her children. Many of
them are comparatively poor men who
ADVERTISEMENTS.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®©®®®®®®G
A MAN^AMONG MEN!
JgSfo. *$$$$&&- '"'N 1 Strong Nerves, Clear Brain and
l^^p^^^. Vigorous Physical Strength.
YOU CAN BE
* atSßS&b* n®BSI What has been done can be done.
&sJB/^mßg9p< J&BB II ls wron to assert that strength
A^MH^HKjjc^r ■* |X once lost cannot be restored. It has
i JiK^ \wwf, been done - Dr. Sanden's Electric
jrff' mmt^fjfy/) Belt has restored visror to many
£jj£i jr Jjarf/*) thousands of men who had almost
j&^fifear /C r3&aP^ fay Riven up hope. It has been done,
/w^^\ * »S^^v %y and can be done - It: la b ein S done
fe-* I'aJ «'THREE CLASSES OF MEN."
jnfA « aasfaclJwffli It is worth $100 to any man who
J^o^~ %y^s£s&"*^ is not what he ought to be. It will
qjlr 1 * <£$$i* fr ~~ be sent closely sealed, free, upon
y. : [-£j ' application. Call and examine this
<&/^^^ Belt if possible. Call or address
DR. A. X. SANDEN, * "~ ■"■ ■■■■■ *
702 Karket Street, Corner K«t.rny. San Francisco. NOT IN DRUS STORES.
Office hours, Ba.m.toB p. m. Sundays, 10 _ (..„**„•. m«Mi<' n.u
to 1. Branches at Los Angeles. Cal.. 232 West i.P^v^Sofd in Am 2
Second street: Portland, Or.. 253 Washington J.V n l v ' r t '?}*„* a^St«-^nfs-
street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; nor by J«*A elln * agents, only
Dallas, Tex. 255 Main street; Butto. Mont.. at our office.
110 North Main street. * — — ~ , . . . . . " ~" *
have neither the money nor the inclina
tion to purchase the pood will of men
with whom they have served in the ranks
for years without number. The Repub
lican party has many good and able men
who are too well known to make it neces
i-ury for them to employ political man
agers to call attention to merits that
should be known of all.
Why is it necessary for the young man
from San Diego to employ political hacks
to go from town to town hawking a name
that is dear to every loyal American and
which was made so bec-ause the hero who
■v .in it foug'nt the people's battles and
pcorned honors that he had not earned a
thousand times overt What battles has
this young man who tradf-s upon his fa
ther's name f-.ught for the people of Cali
fornia? What signal service has he ren
•!-►■ Btate thai he should be chosen
to represent it in the halls of the Ameri-
B? What sacrifices has he
made for the nart^- whose principles he
rl.iims to represent that he should elbow
n s fellow-Republicans aside and say,
"This honor Is for me?"
VETERAN FIREMEN.
Members Who Did Service the First
Ten Years of the Department
Organize.
The members of the San Francisco Paid
Fore Department who served during the
first ten years of its existence (December
3, 1896, to December 3, 1576), held their sec
ond meeting last night in B'nai B'rith
Hall. There was a large attendance and
much enthusiasm prevailed.
The committee on organization, consist
ing of J. T. Bonnifleld, Hugh Colvin.
James B. Barber. Charles Bell and W. G.
Cue; reported a long list of names of
those who had served during the time
which made them eligible for membership.
The committee on banquet, to be held on
January 7. was given full power to act.
The veterans will meet next Wednesday
at the same place, when the report of the
committee on constitution and by-laws
will be acted upon and final organization
effected.
The following entertained the boys with
old fire reminiscences: Retired Assistant
Chief G. W. Kennard. Silas Lander, the
first driver of Engine o; Fred C. Hensley
of Engine 4: James Grady, ex-foreman of
Engine 8; W. H. Miller, ex-foreman of
Engine 4: Richard Cox. ex-foreman of 1
Hose: John Watkins, one of the first mem
bers of Engine 2; G. E. Lutherof Engine 3;
M. Byron, George Silvey of 3 Truck; John
McGreevy and Tom Sawyer of 6 Engine,
J. W. Kentzel of 4 Truck: B. F. Currier,
3 Engine; S. McDowell, ex-foreman or 4
Engine: M. M. Baker, 1 Truck, and W. J.
Harrington, ex-foreman of 9 Engine
The temporary officers are: S. McDow
ell, president; "Richard Cox, first vice
president; Thomas Sawyer, second vice
president; G. W. Kennaid, treasurer, and
W. G. Cue, secretary.
A New Light for the Home.
There is no light like lamplight and
there are no lamps more beautiful than,
those now being sold at the special 20
per-cent discount sale at Nathan, Dohr
mann & Co.'s. They are new samples
that have been used for taking orders
and for that reason can be sold at the
reduction quoted. Just now when
Christmas buying i? causing such a
drain on the pocketbook these reduced
prices ought to be much appreciated.
Included In this sale are banquet, recep
tion, table and princess lamps, with
beautifully decorated globes.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Club.
The Oliver Wendell Holmes Club held a
in the California Hotel last night.
The subject discussed was, "Should the
United States Engage in the Colonization
Policy." F. C. Mortimer spoke for the
affirmative and William A Day for the
negative. An original article on Italian
life in the outskirts of San Francisco
was read by Harrie C. Morris. Lester B.
Smith read a synopsis on Holmes, "A
Mortal Antipathy."
Npw transparent celluloid combs and
brushes in magenta, saffron and green.
the regular amber, shell and ivory
. unchangeable aluminum sets, trlp
licate and hand mirrors in mahogany and
olive wood?. The nicest things in town,
and not expensive. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Ohio Society.
The Ohio Society of California held its
regular monthly meeting last night at
Mystic Hall. Resolutions were passed
expressing the pleasure of the society anrl
the 30,000 natives of Ohio residing in th;g
State at the contemplated visit of Presi
dent McKinley to this coast in the ?um
mer of 1£99. A committee was appointed
to tak^ such action as they may deem
necessary In preparation for his coming.
The committee consists of E. J. En.sign,
H. A. Iddlngs and E. L. Baldwin.
Buy the ClirlntmiiN (nil, out next
Sunday, if yon ivnnt to rend the
bent Christina* ntor!en published
thin year, all bcnntifnlly illustrated.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1893.
GENERAL A. W. BARRETT, THE NEW BANK COMMISSIONER.
THE FAITHFUL
ARE AWARDED
GOOD OFFICES
Gov. Budd Bestows
Official Favors.
BANK COMMISSIONER NAMED
THE PRIZE FALLS TO ADJUTANT
GENERAL BARRETT.
The Normal School Directors and
Managers of the Southern Cali
fornia State Hospital
Are Selected.
Several important executive appoint
ments were made yesterday by Governor
Budd and among them was that of Gen
eral A. W. Barrett to the position of
Bank Commissioner. This office is one of
the best in the list of appointive places
and is eagerly sought for by aspirants for
W. F. MAGGARD, THE STATE
NORMAL SCHOOL TRUSTEE.
official favor. The Governor has yet onr
more commissioner to appoint, as Paris
Kilburn's term expired last May and no
one has yet beea named a.s his succes.^nr.
The compensation attaching to the offlco
is $3600 p.^r annum, payable by the banks
of the State. A. W. Barrett, who reo tvea
one of the rich plump, is about to retire
from four years of commendable service
as adjutant general of California. His
appointment may promote Colonel R. L.
Peeler, assistant adjutant general, to the
rank of brigadier general.
Following is a list of the appointments
made yesterday by the Governor:
Managers of Southern California
State Hospital — Thomas J. Lewis,
vice James A. Gibson, term expired;
Randolph Setly, vice H. L. Drew,
term expired.
Normal School, San Diego — I. B.
Dockweiler, vice Hines, resigned.
Board of Dental Examiners — F. F.
Tebbets, vice self, term expired.
Bank Commissioner — A. W. Bar
rett, vice H. W. Magee, term expired.
Director of California Home for
Feeble-Minded Children — A. B. Ware,
vice A. P. Overton, deceased.
Member of Board of Trustees Chico
State Normal School — Senator W. F.
Maggard of Tehama, vice C. A. Oli
ver, term expired.
Member of Board of Trustees of
; Los Angeles State Normal School
— M. P. Conrey, vice A. E. Pomeroy,
■ term expired.
Member of Board of Trustees of
San Jose State Normal School — As-
ISIDORE B. DCCKWEELER AP
POINTED TO THE NORMAL
SCHOOL AT SAN DIEGO.
semblyman G. W. Price of Yolo Coun
ty, to succeed E. Wilson, term ex
pired.
Member of Board of Trustees of
San Diego State Normal School — R.
M. Powers, to succeed John C. Fish
er, term expired.
No More Christmas Presents.
At the last meeting of the Master Bak
ers' Protective Association, heM
Thursday. December 8, 1898, resolutions
were adopted forbidding the giving of any
i Christmas or New Year's presents to cus-
I torn era. The resolutions provide a line
of $50 fur f-ach violation. *
A FARCICAL PROCEEDING.
Judge Low. Dismisses the Assault to
Murder Case of Walter Nagle. .
Judge Low enacted the farce yesterday
of dismissing the, case of Walter Nagl ■.
accused of assault to murder, on . - the
ground that there was not sufficient evi
dence to hold him. Nagle was charged,
along with John Bulger, with striking
Policeman C. M. Barnes on the head in
September last, inflicting a dangerous
wound. Both were arrested and the cases
were assigned to Judge Low's court.
Owing to persistent continuances, As
sistant District Attorney Dunne, who
watched the cases on behalf of Barnes,
took the matter before the Grand Jury a
i few days ago nun indictments were grant
!ed against Bulger and Nagle. They were
1 arrested on Superior Court warrants,' but
Nagle got out on bonds. ■ Bulger is in the
County Jail, being unable to obtain
bonds, and Judge Low yesterday, after
disposing of Nagle's case, ordered the
Sheriff to bring Bulger into his court to
day, as he desired to dispose of his case
: also. He gives as a reason that he has
I not been officially notified of the action
I of the Grand Jury. •
J. J. Ti»Bot, the fnmous nriint, re
lates hi it experiences In Bethlehem
in 'the Christmas Coll, out next San
day, December 18.
■ » ■
THE BEAR CLUB.
Interest Has Not Flagged in the
Meetings Since the Campaign.
The Bear Club held a lively session at
121 Eddy street last night, with President
Collins in the chair.
Letters were • received from two offi
cials-elect thanking the members of the
club for good services rendered during
the campaign and expressing their will
ingness to recognize the club. A. W. Vo
gelsang, P. W. Collins and J. F. Gaw
thorne were appointed a committee to
confer with newly elected officials who
are members of the club.
Remarks were made by C. W. Colby,
M. F. Taylor, O. C. Weill, I. J. Truman
Jr. and others. - It was decided to hold a
reunion ia U» aazr future.
LOOKING FOR A
PLACE ON THE
STATE PAY ROLL
Many Anxious to Get
There at Once.
THE ADJUTANT GENERALSHIP
CAPTAIN CROSS OF LOS ANGE-
LES WANTS THE STAR.
Jacob H. Neff Will Soon Settle Down
to the Task of Selecting
Senate Standing Com
mittees.
There was the usual throng of the ex
pectant in the corridors of the Palace
Hotel yesterday. Some of the callers ex
pected to see Jacob H. Neff, Lieutenant
Governor elect, and others were happy
to see Major Frank Mclaughlin. Mr.
Neff arrived in the city Wednesday even
ing, but will leave town for Colfax to-day.
He will return before many days go by
and settle down to the work of composing
the Senate standing committees or the
I chairmanships thereof.
Howard Wright, whose election to the
I position of Speaker of the Assembly is
assured, has not completed the standing
committees of that branch of the Legis
lature. He has received a good many
hints concerning the preferences of mem
bers, but has not yet perceived that there
is strife 1 for particular chairmanships.
There are four applicants for the first
place on the Ways and Means Commit
tee. The prospective Speaker is not ready
to announce the name of the chairman of
this committee.
11. Z. Osborne of the executive commit
tee of the Republican . State Committee
arrived in the city from Los Angeles yes
terday and had the pleasure of meeting
Major McLaughlin. Mr. Osborne - re
marks that his present visit is in the line
of official duty and has no bearing what
ever on politics or political patronage.
i Walter S. Parker and Frank P. Flint
of the executive committee ■• may arrive
', i rom Los Angeles:, to-day. Unfinished
business of the campaign may require the
attention of the committee. -
; Recruits are daily joining the army of
applicants for places under the new ad
ministration of State affairs. - The ad
'< jutant generalship is regarded as the first
j prize. There is talk that Governor Gage
i will follow the example of Eastern i Gov-
e rnors and class this appointment as one
I pertaining to the executive. Word comes
from Southern California that Captain
Cross is making a gallant tight for the
place. The ideal adjutant general is diffi
cult to find. He ought to be brave, yet
modest. He should be ; well educated and
polite. He should .know something of
modern military tactics and a good deal
about the ancient customs of military
courtesy. As the representative of the
: Governor at certain social and military
functions he should be able to make a
: speech creditable to the State and tho
: National Guard. He should introduce cor
i rect business methods in the office and
feel that it is not beneath his dignity to
do a little of the office work toward earn
! ing his salary- ■
There is a good crop of candidates for
the office of Commissioner of Labor Sta
tistics. The office has never accomplished
under any administration a particle of
good for the laboring men of this State,
and probably never will; but it is a good
thing for the holder, and the number will-
Ing to hold it is legion.
Attaches of the Legislature, under the
new law, are to hold statutory positions,
and it is said that selections will be made
in caucus of each branch of the Legis
lature. There are many applicants for
the clerical positions, although the com
pensation has been materially diminished.
It seems to be settled that Frank Brandon
will be chosen as secretary of the Senate
j and Major Kyle as chief clerk of the
! Assembly.
. ♦ ■
Child Study Club.
The Child Study Club will hold its
regular meeting this afternoon at 3
o'clock at the Occidental Hotel. This
will be the last meeting of the year and
an excellent programme has been pro
vided.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
New Combination
Book Cases.
Wise heads and skilled hands have
been at work for us fashioning
beautiful things in this line of fur-
niture, The result achieved has
been all that the most critical could
desire. Finished in golden oak
and mahogany, nothing can be
richer.
Prices about one-half what they
used to be. ,
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
OF"EN EVENINGS,
OF SPECIAL INTEREST
TO LADIES
TIME IS MONEY AND
MONEY 18 TIME!
ONE MINUTE of your time
will save you ONE DOLLAR
If You Will Purchase a Pair of Our
r~% V 111
I \v Shoes.
AH Styles. Sizes and Widths.
The above price is special and will laEt until
January 1 only. - . V- .',-
The Dissolution of Co-partnership Sale still
continues. In order to raise money to pay the
retiring partner?, we are offering thousands of
pairs of shoes at 25 and 50 per cent on the
dollar.
If you need shoes attend this sale. Money
refunded if goods are not satisfactory.
THEMONARCHSHOECO.
1384 and 1390 Market St.
TELEPHONE JESSIE 1637.
Miraculous Cure of Asthma.
The statement published below con-
firms the claim of Dr. Schiffmann that
he has now discovered an absolute
remedy for Asthma, a disease which
has heretofore baffled the skill of the
most noted physicians.
Mrs. Mary Zachery, Pleasant Hill, La.,
says: "I have found your Asthma Cure
a permanent cure for asthma, for
which I used it 7 years ago. I have
never had the slightest return of the
trouble since. I have also found your
remedy excellent in Bronchial affec-
tions. I shall ever have a feeling of
gratitude for the benefits derived from
your Cure."
Packages of Schiffmann's Asthma
Cure may be obtained of all Druggists
at 50c and $1 00 per package or by writ-
ing to Dr. R. Schiffmann, Box 804, St.
Paul, Minn.
1399
BICYCLES.
Cleveland....... ||0.00
Crescent...... f 25-00
NOW IN STOCK.
FULL LINE OP JUVENILE $20.00
BICYCLES $25.00
Munyon'sHeadache and Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on the market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's gripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures 25c.
MPRWITA Hestertt VITALITY
IMCnVM « LOST VIGOR.
ig*|fS^ '"— AND MANHOOD
Kijidz"'Ji Cures Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
f|fSSi9sf diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
iSi ■• mL indiscretion. A nerve-tome and blood 'builder.
, t& yfSf Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re>
M I^%ii __J stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
fJifS^Wi. b&xi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
9ni!n« YE" 8 ™' 0 * to cure or refund the money- '
Rmlta medic*) Co., Clinton a Jackson sts., Cbitags.
WALLEH BROS.. 23 Grant a.ye., San Francisco.
IA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORHKT-AT LAW,.
Tenth Floor, Room ' 1013, Claus Spreckeln Bidg.
Telephone Brown 831.
Residence, S2l California St., below Powell.
Ban Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
INOLESIDE COURSING PARK
SATURDAY AND SUNDAT, DEC. 17 AND 18.
Non-Winners' Stake
MIND THE
GREAT MATCH RACE
BETWEEN
PATRIA AND MOONDYNE
For $600.
Take a Mission-street car and it will land
you at the gates. '•»
, ADMISSION, 23c \ LADIES FREI*
AMUSEMENTS.
- COLUMBIA THEATER 4
f\ SWELL TIME I
A HOT TIME I
ITS ON YOU IF YOU MISS
HOYT'S
A PARLOR
MATCH
"A LONG LINE OF BIG HITS." '
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY. '
CALIFORNIA_THEATER.
FOR MANY GOOD REASONS
THEY COME THIS WAY IN CROWDS.
The Popular Irish Comedian,
Mr. Daniel Sully
In His Newest Success,
UNCLE 808.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Sunday Night-DANIEL SULLY In
"O'BRIEN. THE CONTRACTOR."
Seats at Box Office and Emporium. Price*—
15c. 25c. 35c, EOc and "sc.
[GEORGE FILLER GOLDEN,
KING OF MONOLOGI6T6.
JULIUS P. WITMARK, Famous Vocalist.
THE THREE MERKELL SISTERS. Euro-
pean Acrobats.
FRANK LA MONDUE. The Mute Comedian.
VIOLET DALE, Acrobatic Dancer.
CAMILLA URSO, Violinists.
PAUL HATTY'S ACROBATIC BEARS.
ARNESEN, Equilibrist.
BAKER. SELLERY AND BARTLETT.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
SEATS BY PHONE, MAIN 254.
LAST THREE NIGHTSI
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2:15.
A. M. PALMER'S SUCCESS.
ALABAMA!
A Story In Poetry of Southern Life.
ISiSls. 15c,_25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week— Reed's Farce Comedy.
"HUmBUG."
Seats Now On Sale.
. . 1 '■■■
COMEDY_JHEATER.
f\l^V* THIS U/EEKI
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
The Big Sensational Show, .
HARRY MARTELL'S Realistio Southern Pro-
THE SOUTH BEFORE THE WAR!
The Only Show of Its Kind on Earth.
M Sable Soulful Singers.
Sunburnt Southern Silhouettes.
I Camp Meeting Shouters and Shooters.
I Gunny-Sacked Cotton Picking Chor-
leters.
! Male and Female Afrlc-Hued Artists.
EVENING PRICES lac, 25c, 35c, 000
MATINEE PRICES 15c and 250
Monday, Dec. Hoyt's "A BUNCH OP
KEYS."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
JHOROSCO'S GRANDS
V altjcb Moeosco, Sole Lessee and Managen
—^ _
COMMENCING MONDAY, DEC. 12th,
I First Time Here of the Great Comedy-Drama,
| TEMPTATION
...0F...
MONEY!
j SONGS. DANCES. MEDLEYS.
A ROARING COMEDT.
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Emporium.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
| Evening Prices 10c. 25c and 500
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Mgr.
LAST NIGHTS OF
Au (Iran's Favorite Opera,
THE MASCOT.
FUN— MELODY— FROLIC.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2.
NEXT WEEK— Xmas Spectacle."
I "THE YELLOW DWARF."
A Harvest of Song, Humor and Ballet.
Popular Prices, 25 and 50 cents. N. B. —
! reserved seat for the Matinee, 25 cents. Our
i Telephone. Bush 9.
I GLEN PARK I
j -THE MISSION ZOO*, g
■Li ■■■ hi i mi in
SUNDAY, Dec IBth, 1898.
*-> BALLOON RACE! «->
Q-MONSTER BALLOONS-O
w
A SIGHT O DARING
SELDOM Jlf AND
TO BE £ CLEVER
WITNESSED! /y AERONAUTS!
I "
MILLE. ANITA— vs-CHAS. CONLON
Famous Lady II Champion' of ;
Balloonist. «VI Coast.
Iwl I
MME. BCHELLandher A I GRAND
TRAINED LIONS. TV I CONCERTI
j ADMISSION. 10c; children under 5 years, free.
Take San Mateo electric cars. Valencia, Mis-
sion and Sutter street transfer. •
* • V_-<« J • x_^<«
(INGLESIDE.)
HANDSOMEST RACETRACK IN AMERICA.
Five op More Races Daily.
DECEMBER .777777. 12TH
DECEMBER ...... Z7...^77. 26TH
. SATURDAY.
THE HOB ART STAKES— I>4 MILES.
- (23 ENTRIES.)
' Trains leave Third-street station at 12:45 and
1:55 d. m.
Round-trip tickets, 25c.
, Electric cars on Mission end Kearny street*
every three minutes.
ADMISSION ONE DOLLAR.
B. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN. Secretary.
drmgnulty:
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist cure* Private, Nervous, and Blood Dig.
! eases o/ Men only. . Book on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'r«' experience.
Patients curcdnt Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
to 3 daily: 130 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, JO to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. C«il,oraddr«a«
P. ROBCOE McX D IjT Y. M.D.
S6^ B'>rei- »*., .brands**. Cml.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer.
Barley quiet and unchanged.
Oats, Corn and Rye as before.
Hay and Feedstufls unaltered.
Beans steady and Seeds dull.
Linseed Oil and Lucol advanced.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter and Eggs firm.
Poultry quiet and Turkeys weak.
Further decline in Game.
Citrus Fruits inactive.
Small Prunes very low.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs rather easy.
AUSTRALIAN GOLD.
___
The last Australian steamer brought up
$2,919,600 in gold coin and $496,332 in gold bul
lion, making a grand total of $38,375,875 from
that, source since the current inflow com
menced in August. 1897.
COFFEE IMPORTS.
Imports of Coffee into the United States for
the fiscal year ending June 30 were from the
following principal sources:
Pounds.
Brazil 6C1.005.372
Other South America 2?'HH«
central America ;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;: 35.862.3g
s&t indiV ::::.v..v aim.™
-r:urope l4,M».u»ti
West Indies 6 /i\H^l
Asia and Oceanica 4 r o'cc-
Miscellaneous 1,519,65 i
Total 1*97-98 570.514, 2ir>
Total 1896-37 737,645,670
Increase 132.868,545
We paid Brazil nearly $41,000,000 for the
Coffee sent us in the last fiscal year, while
nearly $34,000,000 waa paid to other countries.
THE DRIFT OF INTEREST.
Henry Clew's New York circular says:
■The movement among the savings banks to
reduce their rate of interest on deposits nat
urally attracts attention as a factor bearing
upon* the value of securities. In recent years
their interest allowance has averaged 4 to 4%
per cent. It is now proposed to reduce the
rato to 3% per cent, which would represent a
cutting down of fully one-eighth, or 12% per
cent, in the interest earnings of these insti
tutions. The proposition is a marked evidence
of the tendency toward a decline in the earn
ings of capital, which has been long evident
in the inter. rate of the national banks, as
well as in real estate mortgages and new M
sues of railroad bonds. The significance of this
tendency to the stock market is very evident.
For, so far as the rate of interest is reduced,
the relative value of the principal is Increased;
and thus stocks having a fixed dividend rate
of Fay 4 or 5 per cent bring a higher price just
In proportion as the difference between their
rate and the current average interest rate
widens. Besides a reduction in th* Interest re
turn of any given Investment has a tendency
to Induce the holder to realize upon his se
curity and Invest in something that yields a
better result . and it so happens that railroad
stocks are the principal available resource for
making such reinvestments. Upon the same
principle we find the current demand for rail
road mortgages running largely upon a grade
of 4 per cent bonds selling at from 10 to 20
points below par. This drift of reinvestment
has already reached a point at which It must
tell favorably upon the value of stock issues,
and I look for its results in the future course
of the market."
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th M-Tldian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 15. 5 p. m.
The fell, wing are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date ■
last season, and rainfall In past twenty-four j
hours:
Last This Last ,
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season. ;
Eureka 0.00 5.51 15.13
Red Bluff 0.00 3.05 6.08
mento 0.00 2.21 4.32;
Ban Francisco 0.00 2.97 i.07
Fresnii 0.02 1.81 1. 88
San Luis Ob'.spo 0.00 0.34 1.57
Los Angeles 0.24 2.51'
Pan Diego 0.10 o.fi3 1.12
Yuma 0.24 0.94 0.77,
Ban Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
E4: minimum. 42; mean. 48.
weather is cloudy over the western por
tions of Washington and Oregon, in Southern '
tiia and Arizona. Elsewhere on the Pa- ,
.t is clear.
Rain has fallen during the day In the ex
treme southern portion of California and Ari
zona.
The pressure is again fnlllng along the
northwestern coast, and the storm, which re
bounded to the westward on Wednesday, ap
pears to be again approaching the land.
The changes in temperature have been slight
in all districts.
lit ions will become unsettled in Califor
nia Friday evening and rain Is probable in |
th» northwestern portion of the State Friday i
night.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight December 18:
Northern California — Fair Friday morning.
becoming partly cloudy In the afternoon and
threatening In the northwest portion Friday
night; fresh southerly wind; warmer.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Friday
morning, becoming clear during the day;
warmer; fresh northwest wind.
Nevada— Fair Friday; warmer.
Utah- Fair Friday.
Arizona-Cloudy Friday morning, with t>how
ers, becming partly cloudy In the afternoon;
warmer.
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday
morning, becoming partly cloudy in the after
noon: warmer; fresh southerly wind.
Special from Mt. Tamalpais— Clear: wind
north; 24 miles; temperature, 44; maximum
temperature. 4S.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK, Dec. 15.— Many rtocks gained
about a point to-day and the market left off
strong, with a good buying movement In
progress. Perhaps the most potent influence in !
sentiment was the Government's foreign trade j
statement, showing exports for November of !
nearly J130,000,000, which was nearly J78.000.000
In excess of imports, and the excess of imports j
for the five months of the fiscal year were
above the enormous sum of $253,000,000. Then,
too, the strength of the craln markets to-day
seem«-d to Indicate a continuance In the de
mand for our products. Alternating firmness |
and weakness rendered the market irregular |
during the forenoon. Subsequently the market |
shook off its hesitancy and became buoyant on
r^Tts that the Vanderbilt interest had pur- 1
chased the Chicago and Alton with a view to
merging it with the Michigan Central system
Michigan Central immediately rose five points
and Chicago and Alton three. Subsequently a
Vanderbilt official denied that such a deal had
been consummated. This, however, failed to
affpot the Vanderbilt stocks, which continued
upward to the close at .pbout the best prices.
The sustained strength of securities supposed
to be interested In the rumored deal aroused I
some comment among the traders. Lake Shore
dropped eight points. Sugar was very irregular I
and moved within a radius of two points
closing with a gain of 1%. Dcnvpr preferred
and Central Pacific were strong. Federal Steel
fharf-s were buoyant, the common rising 2%.
Activity diminished somewhat in the bond
market and profit taking arrested the improve
ment in some securities. The general tendency,
however, was decidedly upward. Total sales
$5,285,000.
United States 3s advanced % in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 712 400
■bares, including: Atchlßon. 20.550; Atchison i
preferred. 37.520; Canada Southern. 12,950- Cen- !
tral Pacific. 27.512: Burlington, 11,755; Denver '
and Rio Grande. 3S2S ; Denver and Rio Grande
preferred. 9975: Louisville and Nashville. 11.030;-'
Manhattan. ."'Oil; Metropolitan. 5075; Reading
preferred, 5850; Missouri Pacific M.405; Mis
souri. Kansas and Texas, 72"0 ; Missouri, Kan
sas and Texas preferred. 4120; New York Cen
tral. 11. 1W; Northern Pacific. 13,010; Ontario
and Western, 5157; Heading. 4010; Rock Island
16,702; Union Pacific 7^4S; St. Paul, 15.150: St.
Paul and Omaha, 15, 595; Southrrn preferred]
8481; Vnlon Pacific preferred, 5737; Wabash pre
ferred. f.091: Tobacco, 16.32K; Federal Steel 61
390; Federal Steel preferred. 6810; People's Gas
11.440; Pacific Mail. 4700; Rope and Twine, 3740-
Pupar. 54.455; Tennessee Coal and Iron, 5545;
Leather. 12,200; Leather preferred, 13,3*3; Rub
ber, 4382.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 19% St Louis Si S F.... 8%
Do prefd .. 57% "Do prefd 68
Baltimore & Ohio. 80% Do 2d prefd 33%
Canada Pacific Ejnf St Louis & S W... 7%
Canada Southern.. 57* 4 Do prefd 16%
Cent Pac 36% St Paul 116%
Ches & Ohio 25% Do prefd .....165
Chi & Alton 169% St P & Om 93
Chi B& Q ...122% Do prefd .169
Chi & E 111 57 St PM & M 173
Do prefd 110% So Pacific 29%
Chi G W... II 7 , So Railway 10%
Chi Ind & L S Do prefd 42%
Do prefd 32 Texas & Pacific 16%
Chi & N W 14;;% Union Pacific 38%
Do prefd 188 Do prefd 70«
0 C '■ & st L 44% v p d & o 12%
Do. prefd... 93 Wabash $v
Del & Hudson 106% Do prefd 23%
Del L& W ....150 Wheel &L E 6%
Den &-. Rio G 16% Do prefd 27%
Do prefd 65% Express Companies —
Erie (new) 14% Adams Ex 108
Do Ist prefd 38% American Ex 143
Ft Wayne 175 United States 51
Gt Nor prefd 139% Wells Fargo 125
Hocking Val 3% Miscellaneous-
Illinois Cent.. 114% A Cot Oil 33%
Lake Erie & W.... 15% Do prefd 88
Do prefd 6.". Am Spirits 12%
Lake 5h0re......... Joo%| * Do prefd. 35%
Louis & Nash 64% Am Tobacco 141%
Manhattan L 99% Do prefd...... 128
Met St Ry 191% Cons Ga5..... .190
Mich Cent 117 i Com Cable C 0..,.. 176
Minn & St L 28% Col F & Iron 25%
Do Ist prefd 96% Do prefd 81
Mo Pacific..,,...... ii% Gen Electric....... S3V4.
Mobile &Ohio 30 .Haw Com Co 51 I
Mo K& T 13 Intl Paper. 5*%,
Do prefd 37T4 ' Do prefd 91
N J Central 944 Laclede Gas 51%
N V Central 124 j Lead 37%
N V Chi &St L.. 14»4 Do prefd 114
Do Ist prefd 70 Nat Lin Oil 8%
Do 2d prefd 37V4 Pacific Mai! 42%
Nor West 16% People's Gas 108%
No Amer Co 6% Pullman Pal 149
No Pacific 41% Silver Certificates. 59% |
Do prefd 76»i Standard R & T... S^ I
Ontario & W 17% Sugar, ex-div 124% ,
Or R & Nay 51 Do prefd, ex-div. lll
Or Short Line 36% T C ft Iron 33%
Pac C Ist prefd.... S2 D B Leather 6
Do 2d prefd 62 Do prefd, ex-div. 69%
Plttsburg 172 D S Rubber 44%
Reading I*4 Do prefd Ill*;
Do Ist prefd 48 West Union 'J4\
Ra W 27 Federal Steel C 0... 36%
Do prefd 64 I Do prefd SOM,
Rock Island 109*& Brooklyn R T 72% |
CLOSING BONDS.
XT S 3s 106ViiN V Central lsts.. llß
U S new 4s reg...l2sV« ! N JC 5s 114%
Do coup 128% I North Carolina SS..I2G '
U S 4s 112 Do 4s 104
Do coup 113U No Pacific lsts 117* I
Do 2ds '.'9% Do 3s 68% i
US 5s reg 113% Do 4s 102
Do 5s coup 113% N V C & 8 L 45.. 106
District 3.606 118 Nor & W 6s 127
Ala Class A 10S Northwest consols.l 43
Do B 10$ Do deb 5s 117%
Do C 100 O Nay lsts 114
Do Currency ....100 O Nay 4s 99%
Atchison 4s 99% O S Line 6s term. l 29%
Do adj 43 75',% O S Line 5s term.ll0 1 .
Can So 2ds 110 Pacific 6s of &5 VSM,
C & O 4>-« 90% Reading 4s »%
Chicago term 45.. 94% R G \\ lsts I*2
C & Ohio 6s 117% St L & I M Con 104%
C H & D 4%s 104%, St L & S F Gen 6s. 124
D& R G lets 110 St P Con 16214
D&R G4? 101 St PC£■ P lstS...l2o'i |
East Term 15t5. ...107V, Do 5s 119%
Erie Gen 4s 7..% So Ry 5s 104%
F W & D lsts tr. Sti»-i Standard R & T 6s SI
Gen Elec 5s 107%iTenn now set 3s .. 94%
Do prefd 12$ Tex Pac L G 15t5.109%
G H & S A 65. ...107 Do Reg 2ds .... 45%
Do 2ds 103 Union Pac 4a 103
H&T Csb 112 UPD & G lsts... 86%
Do con 6s 112 Wabash Ist Cs 113';
lowa C lsts 106 Do 2ds 94V.
La new consols 4s. 107 W Shore 4* 112% |
L & N Unl 4s 97% Va Centuries 83 j
Missouri 6s 100 Do deferred 7%
M X & T 2ds ti7^ Wls Cent lsts 62%
Do 4s 90%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar IV Ontario 800
Crown Point 15 Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va. 1 00; Plymouth 10
Deadwood 40; Quicksilver 125 1
Gould & Curry 201 Do prefd 700 j
Hale & Norcross.. 1 601 Sierra Nevada 55
Homes-take 50 00' Standard ISO
Iron Silver 72 ■ Union Con 15
Mexican 27! Yellow Jacket .... 14
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Ed Elec Tel 196
Pall loans 2@3 Gen Elec prefd..
Time loans 2Vii4 Atch prefd 51%
Stocks— ■:. - Bonds —
A T & St Fe 19 Atchison 4s 98
Amer Sugar 124% U'ls On 6s 128
Do prefd 11l Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas. 2 11-15 Allouez Mm C 0.... 5
Bell Tel 277 Atlantic 31
Boston & Albany.. 247 Boston & Mont 231
Boston & Maine. .l6B t'.utte A Boston 66%
Boston L M 1;M 1 ; Calumet & Heela..6lO
Chi Bur & Q 122% Centennial 26
Fitchhurg 106% Franklin 106
Gen Electric 33% Old Dominion .... 32%
N V & N Eng 96 Osceola 7"
Old Colony 197% Qulncy 155
Rubber 44\, Tamarack 170
Union Pac 3SVs Wolverine 32 j
West End f9«u. Humboldt 3V4
Westingh Elec ... 39% 1 Copper 85« '
Do prefd 60 j Union Land ir 4
Wis Central m
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram pays: The
markets here were quiet and good to-day. j
Americans were heavy till the middle of the ■
day. when there was a sudden spurt, in them
on ragged buying from the continent and !
provinces. New York sold, causing a relapse.
A final rally carried prices half a point above j
the worst. Money was hard and there was
big borrowing: at the bank.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. SS; Grand Trunk, 7*4; bar
silver steady, 27»jd; money, 3}s@4 per cent;
Spanish 4s, 43%.
PARIS, Dec. 15.— Spanish 4's closed at 43.82%.
MADRID. Dec. 15.— Spanish 4's closed at 59; !
gold quoted at 35.65.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Dec. To-day's statement I
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail- ,
able cash balance, $291, 805,210; gold reserve, j
$245, 475,319.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— FLOUR— Receipts,
9177 barrels; experts, 6845. Fairly active and j
held s(§loc higher. Winter patents, $3 70®3 85;
winter straits, $3 45@3 55; Minnesota patents, :
$3 705 3 90.
WHEAT— Receipts. 94,350 bushels; exports,
240,358. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 77^0 f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened steady, and after a
weak session under foreign and local short sell- j
Ing turned very strong. In the afternoon trade :
was active on heavy covering, big clearances, j
bullish Argentine news and prophecies of a
large visible supply decrease. The close was
strong at %{?lHc net advance. March, 73V«@
74c; closed 74 He.
HOPS— but firm.
WOOL— Steady; fieece, IT&Ztc; Texas, lligUc. i
METALS — The features of the metal market j
to-day were a further advance in the price of, I
lead and a decided improvement in copper. |
Transactions in these departments were of
moderate lines, but the balance of the list
ruled nerveless all day without Important
changes. At the close the Metal Exchange
called:
PlOlßON— Warrants nominal at $7 25.
LAKE COPPER— Steady, with $12 75 bid and
$12 90 asked.
TIN— $17 90 bid and $18 asked.
LEAD— Strong; $3 75 bid and $3 77 '-i asked.
The firm fixing the settling, price for leading
miners and smelters at the "West quoted lead
at $3 50 and copper at $12 75.
SPELTER— Quiet; $5 25 bid and $5 35 asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, s*flO points
lower. Sales, 27,000 bags, including December,
$5 75; January. $5 75: March $5 BOOS 95; May, j
$6:3$ 05; July. $6 10; August. $6 15. Spot coffee— j
Rio firm, held He higher; No. 7 invoice* 6»4c;
No. 7 jobbing, 7>4c; mild, firm; Cordova, 794®
15c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining. 3%@
3 15-16 c; centrifugal, 98 test, 4%@4 ,7-16 c; mo
! lasses, HLflll 11-16 c; refined, steadier.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2470 packages. Very firm;
j Western creamery, 15<g21c; Elgins, 21c; fancy,
12@14Hc.
— Receipts, 5326 packages. Very firm;
i Western, 26c; Southern, 22@24c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Dec. 15.— California dried fruits
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7@Sc;
i prime wire tray, B%c; choice, 9tT9>4c; fancy,
I 10c.
PRUNES— 4OIOI4c
I APRICOTS— RoyaI. ll@14c; Moorpark, 14017 c.
PEACHES— SH@l2V4c; peeled, IS®
20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO.. Dec. 15.— Trade in wheat is rather
slow, though a good deal of firmness was
shown at the immediate opening. Liverpool
I displayed more steadiness than was expected
I after the late show of weakness in yesterday's
j market here, while the receipts at Minne
apolis and Duluth continued to fall off. But
the firmness disappeared almost before trading
got fairly started. Private continental cables
reported constantly Increasing stocks -in Rus
sian ports, with continued free offerings from
Russia. This was a source of much weakness j
here . yesterday and for a short time It had a
like effect to-day. The market continued rather
dull for about an hour and a half, but by 11
I o'clock trade had begun to broaden out very
1 materially and prices to advance with a rapid-
I ity that was somewhat astonishing and pleas-
I ing- to the bears. The big factor was the con
! dition of the Argentine crop, which cables re
ported very bad. Some estimates placed the
damage as high as 20 per cent. This brought
nearly all classes of buyers into the market.
There were many slight reactions caused by
profit taking, but the market was firm to the
end. May advanced l'/ic for tho day, closing
at 66%@6fc.
There was a big trade in corn, after which
It went on a rampage. The cables were higher
and receipts ■ were moderate, ■ but the market
was almost entirely a sympathetic one, follow
ing closely the fluctuations of wheat. May
closed %<a%c ,higher.
Oats 'followed wheat and corn. The market
was rather dull, almost up to noon, but became
quite active after that, the shorts and elevator
people being good buyers. May closed %&%c
higher.
Provisions vacillated between heavy hog re
ceipts and strong grain markets. A large busi
ness was done. The market was done early,
all products easing off under '«•»<» general sell
ing, but firmed up later as the grain market
advanced, all the declines being recovered.
There was a. good deal of realizing at times.
At the close May pork was 2%c higher; May
lard ' a shade lower, ' and May ribs a shade
higher. rv, <,-,. ,
The leading futures ranged as follows: *
Articles— Open. High. Low. Cloes.
Wheat No. 2—
I December 64% 66% 64% 65%
May 66% 67% 65% 67
i July 64% 65% 64% 65%
Corn No. 2—
December 38% 33% 33% 23%
May 34% 35 34% 35
July 34% 35% 34% 35%
Oats No. 2—
December 26 26% 28 26%
May.... 26% 26% 26% 26%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 9 32% 935 9 27% 935 !
May 860 965 9 62% 965
Lard, 'per 100 pounds — •
! January , 5 17% 6 17% 6 12% 6 17%
May ..6 37% 5 37% 5 32% 5 37%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January 4 62% 4 67% 4 62% 4 67%
May '• 4 82% 4 87% 480 ««
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No, 3 soring wheat, 62@64%c:
No. i-.red. ,6J@«B',io; No. 2 c.orn, 34^c; N,o. *j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16. 1898.
oats. 26*i@27c; No. 3 white, 2S@2S>ic; No. 2
rye. 54% c; No. 2 barley, f. o. b.. 39ig50%c: No.
1 flax seed, $104; prime timothy seed, $2 27%(§>
2 20; mess pork, per barrel, •$8 10@8 16; lard,
per 100 pounds, $5 12'«. | 20; short rib sides
(loose), $4 E7%04 47%: dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 4Vi(g4%o; short clear sides (boxed),
$4 Ss@4 87%; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon. $1 26; sugars, cut loaf, unchanged;
granulated, unchanged. i*-. •:,■■;-■.»>'
~ Re- . I Shlp-
ARTICLES— celpts. ments.
Flour, barrels 45.000 39,000
Wheat, bushels 207,000 IS.OOO
Corn, bushels 388,000 113,000
Oats, bushels 320.000 | 198.000
1 Rye. bushels 31,000 I 10,000
i Barley, bushels 100,000 | 15,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 140'19%c; dair
ies. 13(tl8e. Cheese, steady; 8%@10%c. Eggs,
easy; fresh, 21@21%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments. !
Cities— Bushels. Bushels. ;
Minneapolis 352,560 . 38,070
Duluth 255.081 192.277 I
Milwaukee 86.450 136,500 ;
Chicago 206.800 17,676 i
Toledo 32.158 6,000 1
St. Louis 52.000 . 180,000 j
Detroit 7,511 2,988
Kansas City 57,500 82,500 |
Totals 1,050,053 606.011 !
Tidewater-
Boston 52.655 165,573
New York 94.350 240,485 !
Philadelphia 34,171. 5.171 I
Baltimore 105,651 8,000 I
New Orleans 216.000
Galveston 156 40,000
Totals 317,013 675,229 !
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 9% 5 8% 66%
Closing 5 10 5 8%, 5 6%,
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour-
Opening 45 05 44 50
Closing 44 85 44 35
"Wheat—
Opening 20 30 20 75
Closing 20 20 20 80
EASTERN LIVESTOCK. MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. CATTLE — Cattle in
many cases were 10(@15o higher. Common beef
steers, $+@4 50; medium grades, $4 75(3>5; choice
to prime shipping cattle, $5 25@5 60; Christmas
cattle, $5 70<3'5 85, an- occasional extra good
drove bringing 16@6 20; Northern led Texans,
$3 BOQ4 r.O: stockers and feeders. »3 25@4 10;
calves, $3©6 75.
ilOGS— Prices suffered at further declines of
5c at $3 27V4@3 35; poorest lots, S3 20@S 26, while
a few fancy heavy weights brought $3 45; pigs,
r 05®3 30.
SHEEP — Sheep and lambs ruled strong at the
recent advance. Sheep, $2 25@3 25 for common;
14 10<S4 25 for prime flocks; bulk at $3 25@4 20;
the heavy sheep were slow of Bale and big
ewes were clot-ed at $3 40<&3 70; yearlings, $4 15
((fi 25; lambs, $4@4 50 for commonest up to $v SO
@o 40 for prime flocks.
Receipts — Cattle, 6500; hogs, 60,000; sheep,
8000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 15.- -.'ATTLE— Receipts,
fiOOfi; market stronger. Native steers, $3 i><*§>
6 4"; Texas $3 3r>«l B0; Texas cows, $2@
:f SO; native cows and heifers. $1 50<tH 25; stock
erF and fepders. $3(54 25; bulls, $1 50W 3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, !S,000; market weak to 5c
lower. Bulk of sales, $3 25rf?3 35: heavies. J3 30
W3 40; packers, $3 2."?T3 37> 3 ; mixed, ?3 25@3 35;
lights. J3 1503 30; yorkers, $3 25®3 30; pigs, $3
@3 22%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2<v>(v market firm. Lambs,
$3 bWno 50; muttons, J2't"4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Dec. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts. 700;
market stronger. Native beef steers. J4fi" SO;
Western steers, $3 75®4 36; Texas steers, $3 50
04; cows and heifers, $:> 2f>'?T4 25; cannere, $2ft)
3; rtockers and feeders. $3 So®4 40: calves, $4 50
@S 75: hulls. BtagS, etc., $2 2501 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 1600; market fVfflOc lower.
Heavy, $3 26@3 30: mixed. S3 2501 2~\±; light.
S3 BO®3 85; pigs, $3^3 23; bulk of sales, $3 ZSfi
3 80.
SHEEP— Market steady. Native muttons,
$3 <50@4 45: Westerns. $3 50@4 10; stockers, $2 50
<<il 50; lambs. $4 10@6 25.
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Dec. 15.— The Journal of Com
merce pays: Although stocks of California
raisins are closely controlled on the spot and
held firmly up to quotations, the movement at
present does not seem to be up to the expecta
tions of sellers. Most of the larger buyers in
Eastern markets have covered their wants for
some time to come, and in the absence of any
important demand are indifferent as to the
future. On the other hand holders on the coast
who are trying to get better prices for their
remaining stocks are holding quotations firmly
up to the previous quotations. Whether they
will be able to maintain their prices depends
upon the strength of the Growers' Association.
The local trade, now that the bulk of the busi
ness has been done, does not seem to be much
impressed with the projects of growers. They
do not appear to fear that when it comes to the
matter of distributing goods next season the
association can afford to ignore them, and con
sequently they are not Inclined to do more than
await developments.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Dec. 15.— There is no change of
importance in the local wheat market. The
sharp bulge in the East from the lack of
strength abroad hnd no effect on the local
market and most of the exporters refused to
quote above 57c for Walla Walla and 59c for
valley, with bluestem quiet at 60<361c Others
raised these figures lc, hut wore apparently
not over-anxious to do busino«p
Cleared — Austrian steamship Rurma, for St.
Vincent, with 141,497 bushels wheat; hark Mar
guerite Elsie, for Cape Town, with 69,485 bush
els wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 15.— WHEAT— Club, 68c; blue
stem, 61>4c
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Dec. 15.— Consols, 110 9-16; silver,
27Vid; French rentp«, 102f 82% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage,
easier, but in some request; No. 1 standard
California, 29s 6d; English country markets,
quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 15— WHEAT — Steady;
wheat in Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull;
French country markets, easy.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 5-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT — No. 1 red Northern spring steady,
5s llV4d. Futurr-s closed quiet. December 5a
lOd; March, 5s 6%d; May, 5s 6%d.
CORN — American mixed spot, old. firm, 3s
9?id. Futures steady. December. 3s 9Hd; Janu
ary, new, 3s %\d.; March, 3s 7%d.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Dec. 15.— Exchanges, $350,080;
balances. $102,143.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 82%
Sterling; Exchange, sight — 453
Sterling Cables — 4 83%
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — £$%
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Advanced Chicago quotations har
dened this market for futures, but spot prices
remained unaltered.
Epot Shipping, $1 13%@1 16%; milling
$1 17%@1 22%.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — May— 4ooo
ctls. Jl 17; 26.000. $1 16%. .
. Second session — 36,000 ctls, Jl 17%.
Regular morning session — May— 2ooo* ctls
$1 17*; 10.000, »1 17%; 20,000. $1 17%; 4000, $1 17V
20,000. $1 17%. .
Afternoon May — 2000 ctls SI 17%
6000. $117%; 4000, 1118; 6000, 18%; 84,000,'
$1 18%. .
BARLEY— There was no further decline, but
the market was neglected and easy
. Feed, $1 27%©1 30; Brewing, $1 35@1 46 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock — No sales.
Second session — No sales.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls
$1 30%.
Afternoon session — sales. V.' '■
OATS — The market continues quiet, but the
feeling is very steady.
Fancy Feed, II 27%@1 30 per ctl; good
to choice, $1 22%@l 25; common, 11 20-
Surprise, $1 36@1 42%; Gray. Jl 20@l 22%; mill
ing. $1 2501 30 per ctl; Red, $1 4001 47%; Black
Jl 60@l 70.
CORN— There Is no further advance.
Small round yellow. Jl 16(8)1 17%; Eastern
large yellow. $1 10@l 12%: white, $1 10(ffil 12% •
mixed, Jl 07% per ctl; California white, Jl 12%
@1 15. '
RYE— CViiTornla. *1 17%@1 20; Eastern, Jl 16
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, J4 15©4 IS; bakers'
extras, $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks ar« as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham >
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, J7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25- Oat
Groats, J4 60; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buckwheat
Flour, J4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 76; Farina
J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, JS 60; Rolled Oati
(barrels), J5 85@« 25; In sacks, $5 65@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas 14 60
per 100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Previous prices are quoted far all descrip
tions.
BRAN— JIS@I6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— 50 per ton.
; FEEDSTL-FFSrrßolled. Barley, |2Wo®2TWporj
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31®31 50; Job
bing. $22^32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24^25; Cotton
seed Meal, $2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal. J23 50©
24 50: Cracked Corn, *24@25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16 50@18 for
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $15316 50;
Oat, $14@15 50; Island Barley, $11@14; Alfalfa,
$11®12 50; Stock, J11S12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAT— (F-om Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat. $13 50@15: Ch«at.
$11 75«12 75: Alfalfa. $10^10 50; Oat. $13 50@15;
Clover, $11 50(gl2; Timothy, $11 60@13 per ton.
STRAW— 35®75c per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are steady at the quotations which
have ruled for some little time. There is no
change in Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $2!f2 10; Small Whites,
$2 169! 20; Large Whites, *1 70@l 90; Pinks,
$2(32 10; Reds. $3 15@3 25: Blackeye. $3 75@4;
Butters, $2@2 50; Limas. $3 25@3 30; Pea, $2 30@
2 50: Red Kidneys. $2 40®2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 505??4 75 per ctl;
yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax, $2@2 25: Canary
Seed, 2^@2»ic per ib; Alfalfa, 6&@6%c; Rape,
2H@2»;c; Hemp. 2' 2 !&3c; Timothy, 5<5<5%e.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 60@l 75: Green, »1 75
@1 85 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Previous quotations rule and the market '-
quiet.
POTATOES— 50@6".c for Early Rose; 40@60c for
River Burbanks: SHlinas Burbanks, 75c@$l 10;
Oregon, 75c@$l 10; Sweet Potatoes, 50@G0o for
nearby and $1 2"/<n 35 for .Merced; New Pota
toes, I Vi(?f 2Vii- per lb.
ONION'S— 50^ 75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES - Green Peas, 6c; String
Beans, s@7c; Cabbage. 40950 c; Tomatoes. 2o@
50c for Bay and M.-^itl for Ixis Angeles; Egg
Plant, li!ai2e jif-r Ib: Garlic. 7'5-Hc per lb; Dried
Okra, 15c per lb; Green Peppers, 3®sc per Jb;
Dried Peppers, 10@15c; Marrowfat Squash, 18
(glO per ton; Carrots. 25@3Sa per sack.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Dressed Turkeys continue to arrive too free
ly and low prices rule in consequence. Other
descriptions remain about the same.
Game continued weak and several kinds
were lower.
Another car of Eastern sold at $4 50JJ5 for
Hens, %'i for young Roosters and $4 for Fryers.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 12@15c; live
Turkeys, 12V4@13c lor Gobblers and 12@13c for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 Bo#l 75; Goslings.
$1 fufjl 75; Ducks. J4<R6 50 for old and $» 50(iJI
6 50 for young; Hens, $3 6O^i4 50: young Roos
ters. $4©5: old do, tidjA 50; Fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers, J4@4 25 for large, $3jJ3 50 for Bniall;
Pigeons, $I^l 25 per dozen for old and $1 50&
2 for squabs.
GAME— Quail, $I®l 25; Mallard, $3^3 50; Can
vasback. $6® 10; Sprig. $1 BOOS; Teal, $1; Wid
geon. $1 2.">; Small Ku^k. $1; English Snipe, $2
<§2 50; Jack Snlpo, %Va\ 2.'.; Gray Geese, S2 50;
White Geese, $U>U 25; Brant, $1 ">o@l 75; Hon
kers, 1804; Hare. Tho@%l; Rabbits, Jl 25@1 60
for Cottontails and tl for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Now and then a dealer quotes 36c for fancy
Eggs, but it Is the exception and not the rule,
though the market is firm.
Rutter and Cheese are unchanged-
BUTTER—
Creamery— creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds, 28c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy. 24®26c; common
grades, lS@23c.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 17@lSc; pickled roll.
17@18c for dairy and 19@20c for creamery
squares; creamery tub, 22@22V£c.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, .lG@l6*4o per
lb; Elgin. 22@22',4c
CHEESE— Choice mild new, UV^^c: old. 10
©lie; Cream Cheddar, 12@12i4c; Young Amer
ica, 12c; Eastern. 12@13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 33@35c per dozen; sec
onds, 27Vi«?22Hc; Eastern. 22^@250 for ordi
nary and 2S@3oc for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUIT 3.
The market Is well supplied with Oranges,
Lemons and Limes, but the demand is nothing
extra.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7 60@9 per barrel for East
ern and Jigi 50 per box for Coos Bay.
Apples, 25©C0c for common, 75c@$l per box
for No. 1 and $1 £69] 50 for choice. Lady Ap
ples. $1 25@1 75; Spltzenbergs, in barrels, $3<g"S.
Pears— soc@sl 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $203 per
box; Seedlings, $1 25@1 75; Mandarins, $1-7 xl 50;
Lemons, $I@2 for common and $2 50(^3 50 for I
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 6OraM; Cali- |
fornia Limes'. 25@»0c per small box; Grape j
Fruit. $1 Do@3 60; Bananas, $1 60@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@5 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
I Small Prunes are ridiculously low and real
j izing sales down to l^c per lb are reported.
I The market for everything continues dull.
j DRIED FRUIT— Prunes, 6%0 for 40-50' s. 4Vi9
lEe for 50-60' s. 3%®3%c for 60-70' s, 2%<a3a for
i 70-SO's. 2Vi<32%c for SO-90's. 2c for 90- 100' and
I 1%@1%c for 100-110' b; Sliver Prunes, 2V4®6c:
j Peaches. 6tl7V4c for good to choice, 7%@&c for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10@12o
I for Royals and 12i©12»40 for Moorpark; Evapo
rated Apples. 7<4@7V4c: sun dried. 4©lV4c; Black
Figs, sacks, 2@2M>c; Plums. 4H@6c for pitted
and l@l%o for unpltted; Nectarines, 6@7c for
i prime to fancy; Pears, 6@Be for quarters and
Stilfc) for halves.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4}£c for three
1 crown. s&c for four-crown, sU<s 6^4c for Seed
less Sultanas, 4Uc for Seedless Muscatels and
I $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%(ji3c
NUTS— Chestnuts. S@l2}fee per lb; Walnuts'
6@7c for hardshell, 9@loc for Boftshell; Al
| monds. 6(S7c for hardshell, 130 for softshell, 14,3
i 15c for paper-shell; Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern
i and 4>&<ffsc for California; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5
! HONEY— 10@llc for bright and l@9o
j for lower grades; water white extracted 6%i3
] "c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, D@sVic
per lb.
I BEESWAX— per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— 7%c per lb for
heavy, 8c for light medium, 10c for light, 10V4c
for extra light and 12(512'/(:C for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lOfgilO^jc; California
Hams, 9>&@9*;c; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $11; Family . Beef, $12 60; extra
I Prime Pork, $10; extra clear. $18; mess, $15 500
16; Smoked Beef, ll»/4@12c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 5Hc per lb for
compound and 7@7>ic for pure: half- barrels,
pure. 7Hc; 10-lb tins, Sc; 5-Ib tins. S>4c. -
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%@6V»c; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails, 60 In a case. 9%c;
3-lb palls, 20 in a case. S%c: 5-lb palls. 12 In a
case, SVic; 10-lb palls, 6 in a case, &%c: 50-1 b
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net. S%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net. 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7*c.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
Bteers, 10c; medium, S%c; light. 8c; Cowhides,
8c; Stags. 6c; Salted Kip, 8c; Calf, 8c; dry
Hides, Bound, 15c; culls and brands, 12c; dry
Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 16@25c each; short wool. 20© 40 c
each; medium, 60@S0c; lone wool, 90c@$l 10
each; Horse Hides, salt. $1 75@2 for large and
7Jc for small; Colts, 60c; Horse Hides, dry. $1 50
for large and 60c@$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3V4@3%c per lb;
No. 2, 2%c; refined, 4%@5c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
months', 7(&'9c; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months', S©9c; Foothill and . Northern, free, 13
«?14c; Foothill and Northern, defective, 9@llc:
Hurnboldt and Mendocino, 14@15c; Nevada, 9@
lie; Eastern Oregon, 10(&12c.
Fall Wools—
Humboldt and Mendoclno 9®ll
Northern Mountain 7® 8
Southern 6(0) 7%
Plains 6@ «
HOPS— IB9B crop. 12%@14c per lb for ordinary.
MV4®lsV£e for good and lG<glßc for choice to
fancy.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAOS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4%<f50; Wool Bags, 26@28c; San
Quentin Bags, $4 85.
COAL—Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $7 DO; Seattle,
It: Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend, J7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $S CO'cM In bulk and $10
©10 26 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg«,
$14; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk
and $14 In sacks.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quote». s«rms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%e: Powdered, 6%e; Candy
Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c: Confec
tioners' A, 6%c; California A. 5%c; Magnolia A.
6%c; Extra C. 5Uc; Golden C, 5M«c: half-barrels,
44e more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Us
equivalent.
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 46c for raw and
48c for boiled in barrels; cases, -5c more.
— Advanced to 41c for raw and 43c per
gallon for boiled In barrels; cases, 5c more.
AN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Dealers are expecting a weaker Hog market
after the rain. There is no change yet, how
ever. • ..'• ■
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: C',v-;
BEEF— quality. 6^4c; second quality, to;
third quality, 4<-i@s%c.
VEAL— 6H@7H": small. CHS'Sc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Bc; Ewes, 7c. ■--.
LAMB— 7%@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 4c for large, 4^c for me
dium, and 3>£@3%c for small; stock Hogs. 2V4©
Sc; dressed Hogs, B£'6%c : or prime.
PRODUCE RECEIPTS.
For Thursday, December 15.
Flour, qr 5k5..... 13,520 Pelts, bdls.. 271
Wheat, ctls 2,340 Hides no.:. 2,507
Barley, ct15....... 1,230 Brandy, gals 7,485
Corn, ctls . 145 Wine, gals 85,700
Butter, ct15....... 102 Eggs, doz. 6,550
Cheese, ctla 105 Quicksilver, flks. 3
Beans, sks 1,538 Leather, rolls 137
Potatoes, sks • 2,510 Lumber, feet..... 15,000
Onions, sks 570 Chicory, bb15..... 40
Bran, «ks 435 Sugar, bbls 95
Middlings, sks... 642 Sugar, sks 510
Wool, ba1e5....... 53 Powder, cases.... 12
Lime, bbls... 182 Hay, tons 113 I
Raisins, bxs 156'
■>«:: ; > OREGON. , .
Flour, qr sks 1,0001 " . ' "^'"'^ ' i
EASTERN, ', ? ■ i
.Corn, Ctlß, „. SOOt ' - { ■ «
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a sltght advance in mining «tocks
under the usual light business.
In local securities Giant Powder advanced to
$60 and Hawaiian Commercial to $54.
The War Eagle Mining Company of British
Columbia paid a dividend of lVi cents per
share, amounting to $24,250, yesterday.
The New York and Honduras Rosario Min
ing Company has declared a dividend of 10
cents per share, amounting to $10,000, payable
December 20.
iVhe Pioneer Gold Mining: Company of Cali
fornia paid a dividend of 12% cents per share,
amounting to $12,500, yesterday.
The Alaska-Mexican Gold Mining Company
reports for October a total of 13,403 tons of ore
mined and milled, the yield in bullion being
$25,929, or $1 93 a ton. The working expenses
were $20,361. or $1 52 a ton, leaving a profit of
$5568, or 41 cents a ton for the month.
Dividends were paid by local corporations
yesterday as follows: Oakland Gas. 25 cents
per share, 17500; Natoma Vineyard, 5 cents per
share, $3000; Pacific Telephone, 40 cents per
share, $13,200; Suneet Telephone, 25 cents per
share, $7500. - .
. The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: The south drift on the
3io level was advanced 23 feet during the week
making its total length 62 feet; the face shows
bunches of ore assaying $25 per ton. On the
490 level we have cleaned out and retimbered
the south drift for a distance of 15 feet from
the station. In the drain tunnel the west cross
cut on the boundary line of the West Jus
tice and James O. Blame claims was advanced
14 feet; total length. 29 feet; the face is in
quartz, giving low assays.
The following bonds will pay Interest In .Tan
uary: California Street Cable oe. semi-annual;
California Electric Light 6s, quarterly; Contra
Costa Water ss, semi-annual Los Angeles
Lighting 6s. semi-annual (both issues); Mar-
Jtet Street Cable 6s. semi-annual Nevada
County Narrow Gauge Railroad 7s, semi-annual;
Northern Kail way of California 6s, semi-an
nual; North Pacific Coast Railroad ss, semi
annual; Park and Ocean Railway 6s, semi-an
nual; Park and Cliff House Hallway 6s. semi
annual; San Francisco and North Pacific Rail
way ss, semi-annual; Southern Pacino Railroad
or Arizona 6s, semi-annual. ,
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Dec. 15.
tt c t>  Bld.Ask. 131.1 Ask.
U. 8. Bonds— Pac I, Co 48 —
4s quar coup.. — — 8F G & E... 85 85%,
4« quar reg... — _ San Fran 3 314
4s quar new... — _ Stockton Gas.. — 14
3s quar c0up..105%106»4 Insurance—
Miscellaneous— . Firem's Fund. 2lo —
Ca-«>t C ! - - 115 117 Water Stocks-
SH^r 6 ?--"-- 151 5 - Contra Costa.. 50 64
C C Wat 05..-101% — Marin C 0...... 50 —
Dup-st «c... - 98% Spring Valley.lol%lo2
££"£,?, 6s -" 130 — Bank Stocks-
F&CI Ry 63.114 — Anglo-Cal .... 63% 65
Geary-st R sb. — 100 Bank of Ca1..2:,5 256'/,
H<_ & S 5143.. — _ Cal BD & T.. 98 100
LA LCo Cs.. 99 — First Natlonl.2l6 —
Do gntd 65.. 102*4102% Lon P & A... 133 —
Market-st 65.. 129 — M<>r Exchange — 18
Do Ist M 63.11514115% Nev Nat 1i... 175 177
£. CN Q R 75.10S — Savings Banks—
XT sa!,5 a! , 6a -- 114 - Ger S & L..1625 -
£ Rj" Cal 55..105%105^ Hum S & L.1050 1160
iP CR R 65. 103 _ i Mutual Say. — 42%
NPC R R 65.102 103 6 F Say U. 500 —
N Cal R R 55. 103 105 S& L 50.... — 100
Onk Gas 5t> — lm — Security S R 300 350
Om Ry 6s 127 — Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
P& Cl Ry 63.107 — Street Railroads—
r & O6s 112 — California ....109 —
Powell-st 65... U7VH221.4 Geary 45 —
Sac El Ry r.5.100 — Market-st .... 53 68%
SF& X P 55.110%110'-i Oak SL& H. — —
SlerraßCal fis.lO4%lo. : >H Presidio 9U —
H P of Ar 63. .111 I!2U Powder—
8 1" C65(1905-6)UU4112% California ....133 —
SP C fis (1912)116Vi117% V. Dynamite... PS »S
PCIs eg ss. 103 — Giant Con Co. 59% 60
SPBr 6s 118*- Vlgorlt 3% 3%
F V Water 63.111 120 Miscellaneous—
S VW4s(3dm).lo3 — Al Pac t A?5n..103%104
3 V W48(3dm).100%101H ''"" Ld \Vks..l6o —
Stktn Gas 68..100 — Hana PI Co.. 17^ 17%
Gas & Electric— II C & S Co.. 53"i —
Capital Gas... — — Hutch S P Co. 63=4 64
Cent Gaslight. — Mer Ex As«n. 90 —
Cent L & P... 13 14 I Oceanic S3 Co.. 58% 59
Mutual El Co. 1114 12 I Pac A F A... 1 —
Oakland Gas... — 53 I Pac C Bor Co.lol —
Pac Gas Imp.. — S6 I Par Paint Co. 714 —
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association 103 75
5 Alaska Packers' Association 103 50
12 Alaska Packers" Association 103 62-1
55 Giant Powder Con 60 00 "
IS Giant Powder C0n...... 59 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co 64 00
$16.00) Market-st Ry Con hds. 5 per cent. ll3 50
5 Oakland Gas 52 50
40 5 F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
f2f.viO S V 4 per cent bonds 103 00
200 Vlgorit Powder 3 50
Street—
40 S V Water, cash 101 87V4
110 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 53 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
50 Central Light & Power.... 13 00
60 Central Light & Power 13 50
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 54 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co So 25
$1000 S F & N P Ry bonds..... 110 50
60 S V "Water 102 00
$400 US3 per cent bonds 105 75
375 Vigor! Powder 3 62*£
■ Street—
$2000 Market-st Ry Con bda, 5 per cent... 115 60
SO S V Water 102 00
$1000 S P Branch Ry bonds 118 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
. Morning Session.
30 Oceanic 68 50
Afternoon Session.
50 Equitable Gaslight 7 00
75 Mutual E 11 75
25 Hawaiian 64 00
MIKING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the Ban Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: '
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 38 700 Sierra Nevada.. 97
300 Con Cal & Va..l 15 EOO Union Con 20
100 Gould ft Curry- 26 200 Utah 12
200 Kentuck 09 100 Utah 13
200 Mexican 31 100 Yellow Jacket.. 16
300 Overman OS,
Afternoon Session.
3>>o Rpst & Belcher. 88 [300 Mexican 31
100 Caledonia 23; 400 Mexican 32
400 Con Cal & Va..l 151400 Occidental 1 13
10' i Confidence 67 i SOO Potosl 20
100 Gould ft Curry.. 26 200 Savage 14
Wi Hale & Norcra.. 15! 300 Sierra Nevada.. 93
IKKI Hale & Norcra.. 14; 100 Sierra Nevada.. 92
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Sesplon.
r.OO Alta 14|20ftOphlr G$
70n Belcher 16 2'.io Potosi 19
200 I'lelcher 15 2(KI Potosi 20
200 Rest & Belcher. 18 600 Savage 14
400 Chollar 20 400 Sierra Nevada.. 93
700 Con Cal & Va...l 15 200 Sierra Nevada. . 95
500 Con Cal & Va.l 17M> 400 Sierra Nevada.. 97
700 Crown Point 18 600 Union Con 20
200 Gould & Curry-. 27 200 Union Con 19
1100 Hale & Norcrs. 12 500 Utah 12
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 14 1 500 Utah 13
600 Kentuok 09] 500 Utah 12U
200 Mexican 31 ! 400 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Afternoon Session.
150 Con Cal & Va...l 15 300 Sierra Nevada.. 98
200 Gould & Curry.. 27 30f> Union Con in
200 Gould & Curry.. 26 400 Utah 12
600 Hale & Norcrs.. 14 400 Yellow Jacket.. 16
200 Ophir 59;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. D«o. 15—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 03 05, Julia — 02
Alta — 11 Justice IS 20
Andes 06 07 Kentuck OS 00
Belrher 16 17 Lfldy Wash — 05
Benton Con 04 10 Mexican 30 31
Best & Belcher 37 38 ! Occidental 110 —
Bullion 02 04iOphir 57 5S
Caledonia 22 23 Overman 07 OS
Chollar 19 21'Potosl 19 20
Challenge Con. 14 16: Savage IS 15
Confidence 56 58! Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..l 10 1 15'Seg Belcher 04 05
Con Imperial... — 02; Sierra Nevada. 93 05
Crown Point... 15 16 Pllver Hill — 06
Con New York. — 05 Syndicate 05 —
Eureka Con 30 — Standard 185- —
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 18 19
Gould & Curry. 26 27; Utah 12 13
Hale & Norcrs. 13 14 1 Yellow Jacket. 16 17
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Isabella J. Martin and Henry K. Hoffmann to
John Dougherty, lot on \V line of Van Ness
avenue, 54 S of Vallejo, S 27 by W 120; $500.
Winifred Jennings to K. A. and Catherine
Lundstrum, lot on N line of Green street, 153:2
\V of Octavia, W 29:4 by N 337:6; $10.
John D. and Sarah Fry to Abner S. Mann,
lot on N line of Vallejo street, 125 W of Web
ster. W 40 by N 137:6; $10.
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abble R. and
Martha Wood, executors) to Mary H. Cunning
ham, lot on S line of Broadway, 137:6 E of
Stelner, E 47:6 by S 137:6: $4750.
Same to Jonathan Swelgert, lot on 8W corner
of Stelner street and Broadway, 6 27:6 by W
110: $3500.
Same to Emma H. Brown, lot on S Una of
Green street. 132:6 W of Fillmore, W 27:6 by
S 157:6; $1300.
Same to Hannah Liebes, lot on X line of
Broadway. 127:G W of Fillmore street, \V 10
by N 137:6: $2000.
Same to Miss S. K. Johnson, lot on N line of
Broadway, 92:6 E of Bteiner street. E 30 by N
137:6; $«00.
Simon L. and Emma T. Kline to Frank M.
Delano, lot on N line of Golden Gate avenue,
65:9 W of Pierce street. W 25 by X 137:6; $10.
Gorman Savings and loan Society to Johanna
Harris (wife of I.), lot on N line of Sacramento
street, lUJ:9 W of Fillmore, W 31:8 by N 128;
$10.
Daniel and Annie Sullivan to Mary E. Rhorer
(wife of George), lot on NW corner of Four
teenth and Howard streets, N 25 by W 75;
$12,000.
Christine ScharfC (wife) to John Scharft. un
divided half of lot on SE corner of Nineteenth
and Folsom streets, S 23 by E 100; gift.
Virginle Gardner (wife of James H.) to James
Kltterman. lot on N line of Lombard street,
85 W of Stockton. W 62:0 by N 137:6; $4300.
Patrick and Catherine McGee to Isadore
SchemanFki. lot on N line of Jackson street
2", W from E line 50-vara lot 824, W 23 to Au
burn street by N 68:9; $10.
Peter A. Smith and Alida W. and R. Graves
(by E. Schwab, commissioner) to Peter A
Smith, lot on SW line of Fremont street, 230
NW of Folsom, NW 26 by SW 80; $3900.
William and Carrie F. Rednall to Mary X
Auger (wtf « or Licuis F- ), lot ©a N W corner of-
Twentieth (Napa) and Vermont streets, N 2a
by W 100: $30.
Klttie Forster (wife of Eugene L.) to Ornesto
and Carlotta Dell'Osso, lot on KW corner of
Humbddt and Vermont streets, N 33:4 by v\
100; $10.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whtttle to James
M. Brophy, lot on X line >'f Ninth avenue, 300
S of N street. S 25 by B 120: JlO.
William B. Daly to William J. Powers and
Willis M. Bro-.vn, lot on SW line of Mohawk
street, 11S:6 SE of Huron. SE 25:6 by SW 100,
lot 1, block 6. West End Map No. 1; $10.
Joseph L. Holliday or Halliday to George
Golder. estate of Margaret Halliday or Holll
day, No. 1S.T00; $1000
Alameda County.
Leonard Gannee to Louisa R. Cunningham,
lot on E line of Wood street, 108 S of Lincoln,
S 27 by E !>o, beins lot 6, block A, Toland
Tract, Oakland; $10.
Charles Kabb to C. H. Bork. lot 26, block G.
Golden Gate Tract. Oakland Annex, quitclaim
deed: $5.
John J. Carrol! to Dora H. Carroll, lot on
SE corner of Louisa street and College way,
E K7.80, B 136.651. W 67.55. N 137.04 to beginning,
being lot 6, block 3, Sea View Park. Berke
ley; gift.
J. Raver to Joseph Bruzznne, all Interest In
lot on W line r,f Willow street, 177:6 N of Cen
tral avenue, N 40 by W 100, block 8, lands
adjacent to Encinal. Alam»da: $55.
George W. and Sarah J. Sohell to Georgle
B. Dabovlch (wtfe of G. E.), lot on W line of
Linden street, 79 S of West Fourt-itr^J-_ w. -.«-
by r> 4t>. block 572, Oakland, subject to mort
gage: $10.
(loorpie B. and Cr^orge E. Dabovlch to George !
W. Schell, kuiw. Oakland: $10.
John B. and Ida L. Watson to John Nlcholl.
lot on SE lino of Third avenue; 210.06 SW fr"m
S line of East Eighteenth street. SW 100 hy SE
12.'.. being lots 1 and 2. hlock 101. portion of
Watson property, East Oakland; $10.
Bernard Ransome to James Townaend, lot
on N line of Todd street. 195 E of Baker. E 2.'
hy N 132 being the E 25 feet of lot 12. block
F, Amended Map J. W. Crawford Tract, Oak
land Annex; $10.
Thomas Prlngle to Hattle E. Holcom, lot on
NW corner of McGee avenue < Hamilton street)
and Virginia street, W 3X. N 134.87, E 47.42.
S 135, 't0 beginning, being all except the W'lo
feet of lot 31, block B, Hamilton Tract, to cor
rect 6P2 d, quitclaim deed. Berkeley; $1.
Rod W. and Mattifl Church to James Towns
end, lot on S line of Carrison Btreet. 360 E of
Mabel, E 34 by S 124. being lot B. block B.
Amended Map Teachers Tract, Berkeley; $1".
William and Augusta Holtz to Johanna Jur
gens, lot on SE corner of Seventh street and
Railroad avenue. S 101:6 by E 90; also lot oh N
line of Santa Clara avenue, 246:9 W of Pixth
stroet, W 51:9 by N ISO. being portion Teu
tonln. Park and Homestead Association No. 1,
Alnmeda; gift.
Julius A. and Elizabeth H. Remmel to Man
uel P. de Rose, lot on N line of Buena Vista
avenue, 150 W of Bay street, W 50 by N 125,
being lots 6 and 7, block H. map of 144 lots In
the Page Tract, Alameda: $1800.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAXD HOTEL.
S Love, NT E Oliver & f. Maine
W S H'-kraan. Cal S Baer, Chicago
A M Gates, Mich A Osgoodby, Panama
C Aull. Folsom P Bolton, Cal
B Werthelmer&w, Sac H J Bliss, 8 Rosa
Miss Fuller, Vallejo Mrs Biddle, S Jose
W H Turner, Merced E C Joins, S Luis
T H Green, S Rafael B Wright &w. Cal
W H Kern, Tacoma J Mcf'udderj. Vallejo
C B Ovoracker, Nlles Miss McCudden. ValleJ
C C Punbar. S P.osa Dr Tully, Stockton
F Bmallwood, Stockton J H Topley. Vallejo
B Holiday. S Cruz A Andrews, Chicago
D Fisher, Cal }> Hesly. Sacto
J McCrearyAw, Wash W Ppndleton. t'klah
Mrs J G Ritchie, N V T Stewart, S L Obispo
G C Reiter, U S N A Bdl & w, S Barbara
Mr Burnle. w, 2 c & B Barker, Livermore
n. Tacoma Mrs Bell, Martinez
Mrs Bailey, Taooma 'A G Hough, Merced
W Chaffe-o & w, lowa E S Walters. Cal
W F Barner, L Ang A T Brown, L Angr
.T Poundstnne & s. Cal J Carter, Portervllla
L R Poundstone. Cal J A Brent, Cal
J F Trayner & w, Cal 3 J Hebbron. Salinas
G Westcott. Concord H Hughes, Oakdale
E Seawell. S Rosa W Johnson, Stockton
F A Wickersham. Cal X Bradley. Hollister
Mips A S Poak, Boston H B Macey, Cal
Mrs Oswald. St Lake A Hartmaii, P Robles
T C Vostal* & iv. CaliM L ißham. Cal
F Cogswell, Lodi IW Sexton. Orovllle
PALACE HOTEL.
W H Cook. Ft Point L V Youngworth. Cal
O E Goodman Jr. Napa Mrs B Adams, S Rosa
P Masscn, San Jose J C Eells, Dayton
M H Moss, Chicago Mrs W Hawkins, Cal
J B Dunbar, N V W Jack? & w, Mnntrey
M Blum>»nthnl & w. 111 l> Melnne, Oak Knoll
M Orthwein & w, Kas HP Winslow, London
F P Helmer & w. N V F E Sander & w. Mass
C H Obran. Tacoma T J Field & w, Cal
J C Oempspy, Tacoma iV D Black. Salinas
E Wendmayer ,fe w, 111 Mrs H C Cook, Belvdr
G L Hardtson & w, Cal B Peyton, Santa Cruz
A Alexander, Phila Mrs T Southwlck.Minn
I' H Gilmer. Calais ,W T Buckley, Plttsbrg
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W C Bndeer. Ukiah |W H Mathews. Ind
J Sullivan, Sulsun :E H Ilf-rry. Stockton
J 3 Connolly. Riverside I A G Arnold, S Diego
G Cooper. Seattle jE Marriott, Senttle
F D Rhodro. N V J B Small. Fresno
D B Hough ton. S Diegro'C F Cross. Dixon
T J O'Brien. Cal IJ L Marln, Chgo
A G Ward. Sacto ID Fowler. Fresno
P II Moll. San Jose C F Green. L Anjr
Mrs Reynolds. Md Capt T Rlley, Japan
Mrs M C Easnrr. N V I
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographie
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navlcatlon and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, in hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
in the morning papers the following day.
W. 8. HUGHES,
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Tlmee and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by offlclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur ai
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16.
Sun rises 7:19
Sun sets 4:53
Moon sets 8:50 p. m.
2::
t:
4.:
4.'
7:
8
3.1
8.0
12
1
5.1
7:!
8!'8 !'
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additionß to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slam (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the menn of th<» lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco Cal De
cember 15, ISOB.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building wan dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at %
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time
W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charge.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Nelson...'
B
maw
at"
Bay
ircrtland j
ll'ujret Sound
jrhina and Japan
JTacoma
Humboldt .."
Point Arena „
Newport
Nanaimo '"
K'fios Bay ' "
Victoria & Puget Sound
Humboldt ..
2. 16
J. 1«
:. 16
:. If
3. II
:. 16
:. 16
:. 17
:. 17
:. 17
:. IS
:. IS
:. IS
:. 18
:. IS
:. 19
•. 19
:. 20
:. 20
:. 20
:.' 20
:. 21
:. 21
:. 21
:%
". 25
ha
la
lueen
nmona I
.lliance
amoa
lKnn.l
.rcata
anta Rosa
:nrth Fork
urcgon Ports
Humboldt
Astoria ...,)
Coos Bay
San Diego
iHumlioldt
H'anama '
[Departure Bay
Seattle
■Portland
Newport
ICoos Bay
[Tacoma
San Diego
Yaqulna Bay
an Juan \
iristol j
T0gre50.........
olumbia .......[
oob Bay.. |
'.mpire I
tlneola .(
orona ..I
/ft00tt..... ]
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 11
Pier 13
Pier IS
Pier 2
a
Ilia ..
:ao ...
at
tt ....
of Cai
105e... |
ba ....
na
'"go
P^t Sd.
:0...
)OU\t
na Bay.
Arena..
md......
nt...:.v.
0rt.......
>oldtv...
r. 11 ami:
r. 10 am!]
r, 10 ami!
r, 2 pm 1 :
r, 10 am
', 3 pm '
>, 10 am,!
», 12 m !
>. 9 am!:
), 2 pm :
L, 11 am:!
L" 10 am l 1
I. 1 pm :
1. 10 am
!. 10 am;:
!, - 9 am '.
I. ID am:
W. : a ►►^ • i
Megro
Bay
HJII . .
1y...
la ..
Vie &
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. December 15.
Ftmr Sequoia, Thwing, IS hours from Fort
! Stm~ Newbury, Hansen, S6 hours from Grays
Harbor.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. 14 hours from
Mendoclno. _
Stmr Del Norte. Allen, 41 hours f:om Cres
cent City. _
Stmr Corona, Debney, 61 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr Gipsy. Lelnnd. IS hours from Torterey.
Stmr "VVeeott. Dunham, 63 hours from Tilla-
m shi V Invincible. Klllman. 12 days from Port
Gamble.
Br ship Wasdale, Fisher. 126 days from Ant
werp.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, 22 days from Hono-
Fr bark Louis Pasteur, Tatteben, 14S days
from Swansea.
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson, IS days from
11110.
Brig: Lurllne, MeLeod, 21*4 days from Kahu
lul.
Schr Bender Bros, Wetzel, 60 hours from
Bowens Landing.
..-." CLEARED.
Thursday, December 15.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall. Pert
ln« ft. Cn.
or stmr Hupeh, Quail, Hongkong and Toko,
hama; P M S R Co.
Br ftmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; R
Dunsmuir Sons Co. ; .
Br stmr i»ld, Cartmer. Nanaimo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons.
Nor bark Nordlyset. Oleen, Melbounre;
Dempster & Son. „,'...
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, Honolulu: Williams,
Dimond & Co.
Schr Una, Harkins. Llmones, Ecuador;
Playa da Oro Mining Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, December 15.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Com Ray, Glelow, San Pedro.
Stmr George Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Lakme, Klitgaard, Seattle.
Stmr 'Western Home. Nlllson, Coos Bay.
Schr Lucy, Peterson, Umpqua.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Cpos Bay.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Br ftnir Jlujieh, QuAil, Yokohama and
Hongkong.
Stmr Fulton. Levlnson, Portland.
Br stmr Wyefieid, Cartmer, Nanaimo.
Bktn Irmgard. Schmidt, Honolulu.
Brig J D Spreckela. Christiansen. Honolulu.
Schr Occidental, Brandt, Eureka.
Schr Mlzpah, Owens.
Schr Archie and Fontla, Jensen. Bt«warta
Point.
Bchr Fire Brother*. Jensen.
CHARTERS.
The Bertie Minor loads redwood at Eureka
for Honolulu; OtilMe Fjord, redwood at Eureka
for Hllo; Big Bonanza, coal at Departure Bay
for this port; W H Macy, same voyage.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Dec 15, 10 p m— We»tha»
hazy; wind south; velocity 6 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Ths sailing of the stmr City of Paila* for
China and Japan has been postponed until Deo
21.
SPOKEN.
Per Wasdale, Sept 21, 11 12 8, 88 46 W— Ship
vvm F Babcock, from Baltimore, for Honolulu,
63 daye, and was In company for 8 days.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 15— Stmr Kuene
me, from Eureka; se.hr Alice, from Eureka;
Bchr Alice Larsen. from Tacoma; schr Roy
Somers. from Port Gamble; bktn Portland,
from Olyinpia.
CLALLAM BAY— Sailed Deo 14— Schr Fanny
Dutanl, for Ventura; schr Emma and Louise,
for Seattle; schr Norma, for San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Dec 14— Schr Vega,
for San Francisco.
CAPE FLATTERY— Passed Dec 15— Br ship
Abby Palmer, hence Dec 3, for Port Townaendt
bktn Willie R Hume, from Santa. Rosalia, for
Port Tov.nsend.
EI'REKA- Sailed Dec 1&-Stmrs Scotia, and
Chilkat, for San Francisco; bktn Geo C Per
kins, for Sydney.
Arrived Dec li— Stmr Samoa, hence Dec 14.
CASPAR— Arrived Deo 15— Stmr Jewel. henc«
Dec 14.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Deo 16— Stmr
Alcatraz, from Greenwood.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Dec 15— Stmr Signal, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Dae- 15— Jap stmr Klnshul
Maju, from Yokohama; Br ship Port Elgin,
from Port Townsend.
Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Progreso, for San Fran
cisco.
NEAH BAY— Arrived Dec 15— Ship Edward
O'Brien, hence Deo 3, for Nanaimo.
Passed Dec 15— Ship Sintram, hence Dec 5,
for Tacoma; ship Dashing Wave, hence Nov 3>J,
for Tacoma.
PORT TOWXSEND— Arrived Dec In— Bar!{
Hiphland Light, hence Nov 29. for Tacoma;
Jap stmr Kinfhiu Maru, from Yokohama.
Sailed Dec 14— Bark St Katherine, from De
parture Bay. for Honolulu; stmr Queen, for
San Francisco; bark Highland Light, for Ta
coma.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Dec 15— Schr
Corinthian, hence Dec 13.
Sailed Dec 15 — Schr Monterey, for San Fran
cisco.
GREENWOOD — Arrived Deo 15 — Stmr
Whitesboro, hence Pec 14.
EASTERN PORTS.
NORFOLK— SaiIed Dec 14— Ship Aryan, for
Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed prior to Dec 13— Ger ship
Ecuador, for Tacom.a.
SANTA ROSALIA— SaiIed Deo 11— Bktn Wil
lie R Hume, for Port Townsend.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Weimar,
for Bremen.
CHERBOUGH— SaiIed Dec 19— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, for New York.
GENOA— Sailed Dec 15— Stmr Aller, for New
York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Dec 16— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Llverpoo 1 for New York; gtrnr
Rhynland. for Philadelphia,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Deo IB— Stmr Belgen
land. from Philadelphia.
OOEAH- TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1-w Steamers leave Broadway
I CJTJnw. wharf. San Francisco:
; : tWJB^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
j M^ttA^ Dee. 2 '■ 12, 17. 22. XI, Jan. 1.
HfcWiml change at Seattle.
BBgaart^all For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
nwiift irflfii C), Fort Townsend. Seattle.
r^affltllj Tacoma, Everett, AnacortM
and New Whatcom (TVaih.).
10 a. m.. Dec. 1, 7. li. 17. 8,
V Jan. 1. and every fifth day thereafter.!
change at Seattle to this company ■ steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. By. at Taoom» to N. F.
■ay at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 1 p. m.. Deo.
6 10. 15. 20. 25. *0. Jan. 4. ana every fifth day
1 For Santa Cru». Monterey, San Btoeon.
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). .
Gavlota Santa Barbara, Vwtura, Huenem«,|
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and;
Newport. 9 a.m., Dec. I. 7 11, 15. 1». M. ». «.'
Jan 4 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Radondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m.. Dec. 1, 5. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25. 2». Jan. X. and
•very fourth day thereafter. j
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jam del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa. Santa RoaalU:
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Deo. IT. Jan.
For farther information obtain folder. _
The company reserves the right to ooang*
without previous notice steamers, sallln* date*
mr\A hMirs of pulllne. __ .
WICKET OFFICE-* New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace Hotel). _ .__ '
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agt*..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FIDE *12 First Class Ineliiding Berth.
rAnt S8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails..... • yd?"* \\ It
ktate OF CAL. sails Dec. 9. 19, i$
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tlc^t. to «jjgt. GSS t, %£ •
880 Market street.
GOODALU PBRXI^S * CO..^^.^^
Gompagnia Generate Transatlantique.
~ (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -^-.^
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <^rM&
at 10 a. m. from Pier 42, North «Ks£t>3i
River, foot of Morton street.
LA, CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE ...Dec. 31
LA GASCOGNE....... Jan. 7
LA CHAMPAGNE Jan. 14
First-class to Havre, $90 and upward, 5 'per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, t
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
The S. S. ALAMEDA -
4S'^r^'3f9» a fiSSaSi» sans vla Honolulu an<l
Sfjsa? ESLjHa for Sydney
PSSBHHIIN The esday. December
JS«|B|nllL sa ' !^ vla Honolulu and
IT9b^ for Sydney
H —^. Wednesday. December
§Whip^^ at 10 Australia
C V^ir«hii sails f °r Honolulu 1
3r^*^ (Ofl]R3lt&r'^ Yed nesday. January
*^^ \JT F *n ' 1599. at 2p.m. .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BRO3. CO.. Agents,
_i i 114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcelio."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and 5at......
9:45 a. m.. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.).
Friday:. 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:80 a. m. and 8 p. m.'
Landing ' and offices — Mission ' Deck, Pier 2. '
; Telephone Mala 1508.MONTGOMERY A
MUD TOURIST
HARD TO BEAT
Magrane's Horse Out
ran Ben Doran.
STARTER'S WORK CRITICIZED
RICARDO DOWNED SWEET WIL
LIAM IN A DRIVE.
Red Glenn Hard Pressed at the Fin
ish by G. B. Morris— Favorites
Won and the Books Got
a Scorching.
The books suffered Fome fearful hard
knocka at Ingieside again yesterday. It
3 as if the talent couldn't go astray
and nearly every firm In the ring suffered
losses. Five winning favorites and
a second choice tell the tale. All of the
winners were hacked to a standstill and
found the muddy going just to 'heir lik
ing.
Much grumbling was indulged in over
the starting. Mr. well's work was
very uncertain and ragged; so much so.
In fact, as to almost stagnate the betting.
The veteran will have to Improve or the
public will cease to bet altogether.
One of the swagger plunges of the after
noon was made on Montgomery. Billy
Magraiie"s notorious mud lark made his
first start of the meeting in the fifth race,
at six furlongs, and was hammered down
to 9 to 10 favoritism. "Skeets" Martin
got him away to a flying start, and all
out at the end, he downed Ben Doran
three lengths in the very fast time of
1:14%. Joe Ullman and the balance of the
entries found the pace too warm.
The Montana youngster Silver Beaux
defeated a big collection of two-year-olds
in the opening live and a half furlong
scramble, going to the post a lukewarm
favorite. Bullman had the leg up, and at
the wire won somewhat easily from Rose
beau. Elizabeth R was third.
There were seven starters in the mile
and a quarter selling affair, with the
■mart money all going in on Red Glenn.
Purser's aged gelding was backed from
t to 5 to 4 to 5, and after making ail the
running, just lasted long enough to beat
the fast coming Q. B. Morris a neck.
prince Blazes disposed of the others for
show honors.
Yemen was a 1 to 3 chance to win
the six-furlong spin following, and there
■was nothing to it. The start was a bad
one, with the favorite and New Moon the
only ones to get away, and they finished
in that order. Highland Ball brought up i
a distant third.
To the flying start Jones on Ricardo get
probably be ascribed the defeat of
William. Schreiber's mud lark
was a pronounced favorite for the five
and a half furlong run next decided, and
carried a bundle of coin on his chances.
Ricardo was away to a flying start, and
in a hard drive at the finish led the fav
orite out a neck.
Th> of the day, a mile selling
arrangement, went to the favorite Myth,
which won all the way. Tom Calvert was
a handy second over Lodestar.
Track Notes.
Seventeen bookmakers chalked up odds.
Bernard (Kid) Weller claimed to be un
able to get his money on the horses he
• I and cut in himself. He handled
:tmount of coin, but they
tor the talent.
Rlley Graiinan and Phil Howell con
cluded to take a rest on the ground. They
came bo badly mixed up for the firm last
drawing that Riley lost several pounds in
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGLESIDE RACE TBACK, Thursday, Dec. 15, 1898— Sixteenth day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track muddy.
EDWIN* F. SMITH, Presiding Judge. JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
qni FIHriT RACE— Five and a halt furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
ndex. Horse. Weight. St.
331 Silver Beaux 103 3
823 Koßebeau 10" 2
840 Elizabeth X 106 5
... Merry Heart 107 1
249 Judge Wofford Sis 8
... The Fretter 110 7
... Master Buck 103 1 9
34S Boardmau 106 6
331 Dunpralse 108 4
... Elsin 108 ill
84S Leiter .....: 10
Weight.
Mm.
him.
4 2
3 \i
6 1
1 n
7 4
2 2
5 H
10 2
9 1
11
6 1
%m.
Km.
"17"
4 2
5 4
1 h
7 1
8 1
8 2
9 1
10
11
6 h
\m.
Str.
Str.
Fin. ] Jockeys.
1 2 Bullman
2 1 Jones
3hi Gray
4 1 jSpencer
5 *4 'J. Relff
6 2 [I. Powell
7 3 H. Martin
8 4 Beauchamp ..
0 3 , Piggott
10 4 Devin j
11 [Thorpe
3
4
3
7-5
8
if
15
12
15
10
3
6
4
4
10
40
.0
SO
15
20
12
J.
Time, 1:10. Winner. W. D. Randall's b. g. by Montana- Belle of Butte. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving.
The winner was cat off on back stretch and then won handily. Elizabeth R seemed
to f! t in the going. Merry Heart was sore in the shoulders when warmed up.
The Kreiter showed Rood form. Last three were practically left.
Q_^*O SECOND HACK— One and a quarter miles: selling; three-year-olds and upward"
OOZI ; Ursa, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St. Std.
%m. «_m.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
(344) Red Glenn, a 104; 2
i4S O. B. Morris, 6. ...1101 7
300 Prince lilazes, J....1011 5
344 l>r. Bernaya, 3 951 4
3-!4 Lena, 4 lo9i 6
844 I^ady Hurst, 4 104 3
345 Tcnrlca. 3 luO| 1
1 h
6 2
3 *
2 1
4 Vi
6 1
7
1 2
6 4
2 h
3 V 4
4 M
6 1
J
12
6 h
__
I?
7
1 2
3 %
4 M.
6 1
2 1
6 10
7
1 2
2 %
4 %
5 3
3 h
0 15
7
2 >_ ; Bullman
2 E H. Martin
3 1H 'Woods
4 6 I Gray
5 2 Piggott
620 Weber
7 il. Powell
1
3
5
6
S
U
40
4-5
6
9
10
6
25
200
Time. 2:11%. Winner, E. W. Pursers b. g. by Glen Elm-Red Girl. Good start,
first three driving.
Morris would have won in another few Jumps. Dr. Bernays gave it up early,
far fur L*nu. J"<? Weber on Lady Hurst made a sad mess of it.
Won
Too
*>/»«» THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; gelling; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
~ I
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
St.
Mm.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
(347) Yemen, a 1"9, 2 ... 11 13 14 16 gutter 1-4 1-3
New Moon, E 107(1 ... 2 8 2 6 2 6 212 iPowell 15 30
Highland Ball, 1.. ..109 I 3 ... 310 315 310 310 Piggott g 10
IT 4 112 4 ... 4 4 4 4 Romero 15 100
tay, 6 112 • 11. Shields.... 4 6
___-^_ ' ; _ in. a-...110| * ••• ••• ■■• ••• •■■ Ellis 12 60
Tlnw', 1:16... Winner, F. M. Taylor's eh. g. by Alarm-Hira. Bad start. Won easily.
Second and third driving.
The winner pulled up lame. The start gave New Moon a cinch on the place.
2
1
3
4
•
1 1
2 8
3 10
4
1 3
2 6
3 15
4
1 4
2 6
3 10
4
1 6
2 12
3 10
4
itter
well
igott |
1-4
15
8
15
4
12
1-3
30
10
100
6
60
mero
Shields....
Us
Q/J A FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward-
OOt-» purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
'_m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
RioardQi a MW
i William, 4. ..110
Don Fnlaao, a U0
!*••■'. litiKt-.n. 5 197
Kamtin. 5 107
Kdi m..i. r.
i
3
_
S
11 11
33 2 h
22 S 8
6 6
4 4 '• 4 4
62 6 2
1 h
2 2
3 20
4 2
5 1
6
1 n
2fi
830 f
4 1 i
C 4
6
rones
Piggott
■lenn^ssy
i. Martin
Bullman
:. Powell
3 14-5
6-5 3-2
8 7
4 4
3 8
50 100
Winner. S. F. Capp's eh. g. by Wfldidle-Blue Bonnet. Bad start. Won
first three driving.
Rtcardo away to a flying start. Away better, the favorite would probably have won
Pnn Fulano is improving. Reddington pulled up lame.
O^» qr FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; three- year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.!
%m.
%m.
Str.
Jockeys.
... Montgomery, 5 in, l
... Hr-n Doran, 3 105] 4
,:,-,l > Joe I ilm.'in. 4 11l 2
_S2 Roßormonde, 3 l>i« 5
r;"3 Valenclenne, 3 99 3
I ; M riiiPl. 3 10» 6
1 2
2 ltt
4 1
6 10
3 hi
6
13V4
2 4
4 4
6 6
3 2
6
1 2
2 4
5 l
5 4
4 2
6
1 8
2 6
3 2
4 h
5 3
6
I Martin
9-10
4
5
15
8
20
pencer
:utt<r
ullman
Powell
•arrlgan
Time 1:14%. Winner. W. P. Magrane's eh. g. by Hanover-Blessing. Good start. Won
easily .Second" and third (hiving.
Montgomery beat the others away. Ben Doran mitrht have downed him with an even
lirr;a- Tho hot pace fanned the other* to sleep.
*>(*(* SIXTH RACK— One mile; selling; three- year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. I
Hm.
Hm.
%m.
Str.
344 Myth. 4 103,
829 Tom Calvert.3 103
268 Lodestar, 4. ....... 109
260 Heigh Ho. 3 100;
354 Ping, 1 105
251 Hazard. 5 112
336 Beau Monde. 3 103
329 Ballverso, 3 105
3
5
i
1
2
8
4 ,
7 •
23
5 3
7 3
3 2
1 h
8
4 hi
6 1
1 2
3 3
6 8
6 1
2 hi '
8
4 h
'•• 7 5 ■': "■■
1 4
2 5
6 3
6 8 .
1%
7 1
4 1
8 •
1 2
2 4
4 2
5 1
3 h
7 2
6 1
S
1 IV4
2 3
3 5
4 10
E 8
6 4
7 2
S
rtln
fT
7-5 5-2
4 4
4 8
4 3
6 7-2
40 150
20 40
40 60
in |
T'me l:4Btt. Winner, F. J. Kittleman's eh. g. by imp. Kllllcrates-Paradox. Good start.
Won handily. Second and third driving.
Myth won with a wet sail. Oalvert wag late in getting up. Lodestar is a very slow
beginner. Heigh Ho was extensively backed, but appeared to no advantage.
weight and Phil's effervescent smile van
ished.
Dan Dennison, the veteran trainer, got
in from Montana yesterday with Lord
Chesterfield, Combination and the grea,t
timber-topper St. Jacob.
.Max Bluii.enthal arrived from the East
ern country "Wednesday evening. He will
be seen en the block later on.
"With a blanket pinned around her
shoulders Merry Heart could not be in
duced to gallop when brought out pre
vious to the first race for her prelimin
ary warming up trial. She showed a high
turn of speed though during the actual
running, and if the filly cooled out well
will be hard to beat next time.
Bullman and Eddie Jones each piloted
two winners. The former is a wonder
fully improved rider.
For some minutes after the Ricardo-
Sweet William finish Barney Schreiber
was missed from his book. The genial
German was so Incensed at the start his
gelding received that he told both Kri
Corrigan and Starter Caldwell in very
plain terms what he thought of the situ
ation. It Is rumored that Bruenn will
soon be seen in the starter's box at Ingle
side. The latter started with groat suc
cess at Hawthorne track last summer.
To-Day's Entries.
Following arc to-day's entries:
First Race-Six furlongs; two-year-olds:
843 Los Medanos....ll < *' 343 Ocnrona flO
349 Tirade 118 I 340 Fermo Jl3
349 Glengaber 113 1
Second Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward:
... Diabllta 107 3f.S Topmast 112
352 Rubicon 115 , 316 Cromwell US
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; sell
ing; three-year-olds and upward:
566 Beau Monde ...1081 360 El Venado 112
367 Inirward lwl 35u Hobenlohe lot
356 Major Hooker... 100 1
Fourth Race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward:
362 Dr IWnays.... 92 327 Lady Britannic. 97
..■■lmperious 92 354 Hardly 102
326 Col. L>an i*s
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; handicap; three
year-olds and upward:
(86S)MlM Rowena . .114 i (323)X0v1a S7
<317>MidliKht 102: 360 Wyoming 85
365 Valenclenne — 88
Sixth Race— Six furlongs; Belling:
... St Apollo 112! ... Dr. Sharp 107
... Dick Behan ....112; 347 Prince Tyrant.. 107
U29)Schnltz 112 i 337 University 109
Selections for To-Day.
First Race — Los Medanos, Tirade, Ocorona.
Second Race — Cromwell, Topmast, Rubicon.
Third Race— Major Hooker, Hohenlohe, Beau
Monde.
Fourth Race— lmperious, Hardly, Lady Brit
annic.
Fifth Race— N'ovia, Miss Rowena, Midlirht.
Sixth Race— Prince Tyrant, Dr. Sharp, Dick
Behan.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming, Russian, hot
and cold tub Laths. Saltwater direct f rom ocean.
For Fear He Might Die.
John L. Boone petitioned United States
Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday to order
the taking of the deposition of Philip j
Hinkle, inventor of the overweight coun- |
terbalance elevator, for use in pending j
and future litigation. The petition repre- !
sented that Hinkle Is past 80 years of age, j
and that it was necessary for that rea- i
son to perpetuate his testimony. The pc- j
tition was granted.
Have you seen the new collection of paint
ings at \Vm. Morris' art rooms, 24S Sutter? •
Consul for Guatemala.
Customs Collector Jackson was notified
by the Department of State yesterday
that President McKinley had recognized
Don Felipe Galicia as Consul for Guate
mala at this port.
For Not Notifying Customs Officers.
Captain K. Van Oterendorp of the
steamship Alameda was served with pa
pers yesterday in the suit of the United
States against him for the collection of
$3000 fine with interest and costs. The
captain is accused of having on Septem
ber 21 of this year landed H. Hooney.
Grant Giles and H. Erxy before the vessel
been taken in charge by the Customs
officers.
Read the capital ChrUtraan Rtorlen
by Anthony Hope, Bret Hnrte, «*Q."
Octave Thanet and Robert Duncan
Milne In the Cliriotnuix Call, out
next Sunday, December 18.
THE BA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
GRAND JURY
RESUMES ITS
INVESTIGATION
Ex - Teacher Stanton
as a Witness.
SUDDEN CHANGE IN PLANS
SCHOOL DIRECTORS TO BE
GRILLED AGAIN.
Indictment Against the Pedagogue
Quashed and He Will Come
From Los Angeles to
Testify.
The Board of School Directors is ap
parently not to go scathless through Its
latest Grand Jury Investigation. Instead
of adjourning to-day, according to the
plan announced Tuesday, the Jury will
continue Its work and there ig promise
that results of a tangible nature are near
at hand. The Investigation is to be re
newed with Increased vigor and with new
witnesses and from one of these It Is
calculated facts will be obtainable that
will make wholesale indictment possible.
This sudden decision of the jury was ar
rived at yesterday when a number of the
members gathered at the City Hall for
a quiet consultation with Judge Belcher.
The fact developed that on the Sth of the
present month the indictment that has
stood for nearly a year against D. E.
Stanton, former teacher In the Business
Evening School, was quashed by Judge
Carroll Cook, leaving the absent peda
gogue free to return to this city without
the fear of the law. Stanton's address
has been In the hands of the jury ' for
some time past and as soon as it wns
learned that charges against him had
been withdrawn, a telegram was sent to
Los Angeles directing him to como to
this city as soon as possible.
It is known that Stanton is willing to
come and that he Is anxious to tell all
he knows of the School Board and its
many rascalities. With his evidence the
Jury is confident that something In the
way of results will yet come out of the
investigation that it had almost given up
in discouragement.
It was Stanton's ill-g-uarded tongue that
put Professor Kilpatrick in possession of
the sensational facts concerning the oper
ations of the board that he gave to the
public in February last. One of the least
among the charges was that Stanton had
paid $500 to a director for his position
as teacher at the Business School and
that $300 more had been demanded of him
in order that his job might be made
"solid." This and allegations equally as
startling Kilpatrick exposed and he lost
his position for doing so. Since that time
the courts have said that his mission was
a righteous one by ordering him rein
stated in his old school, and pending an
appeal to the Supreme Court taken by the
Directors he has been spt-nding his time in
relentlessly following every hint and clue
to BCbool jobbery. His testimony, backed
by that of Stanton, promises sensational
developments to say the least. The jury
will resume its investigation to-day and
it is expected that Stanton will be on
hand by to-morrow.
Our Framed Pictures.
Look through our picture department
for exquisite Christmas presents*. Etch
ings, water colors and photo panels. Best
assortment and lowest prices. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Refused to Prosecute.
When the rase of Mrs. Eva Martin, who
shot her husband, W. J. Martin, in her
room, 119 Ninth street, and was charged
with assault to murder, was called in
Judge Joachimsen'B court yesterday Mar
tin refused to testify against her. Police
man MrQuade, who arrested her, testi
fied that she admitted to him having shot
her husband. This was all the evidence,
and Attorney Fred Frey.who appeared for
the woman, moved for a dismissal of the
case. The Judge reserved his decision
until this morning.
Ina I). Coolbrith and Oncnr "Well
have written the words and manic
of a beantlfnl ('hrimtman Hongr for
the ( hriMnim edition of The Call,
oat next Sunday, December 18.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Seal Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Oomsfoadlßg Witt Any «f th« TiQvwimg Firm* Phut Mention "Ths C*lL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and flrt Ware Importers,
117 PUTTER STREET. .
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
WM- SCfIQENJNG,M"fdr y de Bupplled -
BELTINO.
Ln npfiFN Manufacturer of Belting and
T. IICUCn, Laco Leather. 105-107 Mis-
elon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOiLER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Offioe and Works— ll2-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 6045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'RDIEN X- CAVC— Makers and Dealers' in
OnlCn Q DUlWLandaus Hacks, Victorias,
Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
St., San Francisco.
"cascalerrFne BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1109 Howard street.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
600 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITHS.
SANDERS &- CO.. practical coppersmiths,
m/r's of sheet copper and tubing, . Improved con-
tinuous stills, etc. 415 Mission St., near First;
all work guaranteed.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RflYF^ ft fA Shipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUIEJ (\ \At,, Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
Oil II ft Hunters' . Equipments, Fishing
IV 1 1 V Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. Send
UUIIU for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE
w w> " 739 Market street.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co. , Importers S Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hedley, Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Da.
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
SCHOOL BOARD
PLOTS AGAINST
KILPATRICK
To Forestall Action of
New Directors.
SOME REAL SHARP JUGGLERY
WILL ABOLISH ONE SCHOOL TO
CREATE ANOTHER.
The Creation of Vice Principals Is a
Daily Occurrence — The Substi
tute List Being Cleared for
More Appointments,
The wrath of the School Directors
against Professor E. C. Kllpatrlck has not
spent itself since February last, when
that impolitic pedagogue sent them
sizzling across the grill and lost his job
for laying open to the eyes ot a public
inclined to be critical the inner workings
of that dubious body. The School Board
knife is again unsheathed, and again the
scheme is to try its temper in the Kll
patrick back. The present board has suc
ceeded in cutting him off from his liveli
hood for so long as it may be in office; it
now seeks to deprive him of the privilege
of making a living in future.
Up to February 9 of this year Kilpatrlck j
drew a salary- as principal of the Business |
Evening School on Bush street. On that i
date he was summarily fired for telling
things he knew of the jobbery just then
going on in the School Board. He brought
suit for reinstatement and the courts
pave him a decision, which was appealed
by the Directors to the Supreme Court,
where it is still pending.
A few flays ago it came to the cars of
one of the Directors that it Js the inten
tion of the incoming board to withdraw
the appeal now before the Supreme Court
and give Kilpatrick his old place and sal
ary. The result was a general roar, which
was confined to Secretary Welch's office.
It was presumption on the part of the \
•'green" Directors; the Waller dignity
would stand for no such reversion of
Waller edicts; it was an insult that no
Gallagher would remain speechless under.
Bantel thought so. too. Besides Kilpat
rick had "shot off his mouth," as another
prominent Director put it, and had no
right to longer eat at the crib, and the
question of the impromptu caucus was on
the prevention of the incoming board ex
ercising its own prerogatives. After a
good bit of debate and more hard plan
ning it was decided the only way to keep
Kilpatrick out was to abolish his position ;
and the school in which he held it, and I
either at the meeting to-night or at one j
to be called to-morrow a resolution will !
be introduced doing away with the Busi- i
ness Evening School and all positions
pertaining thereto.
At the next meeting, as the plan stands
now. a new school will be created, to be j
known as the Business High School. The i
resolution creating this institution will |
also provide for the appointment of a]
principal and vice principal.
The teachers for these positions are al- j
ready slated, and unless through the ac- I
tivity of the minority the plan misear- I
rics "G. H. Foulks, present acting princi- j
pal of the Business Evening School, will
be made the permanent head of the new ;
institution and Miss Ixniise E. Freese, \
now a teacher, will be promoted to the
vice princlpalshlp.
The Directors who have engineered this
clever scheme to manipulate Kilpatrick :
out of both school and position are confl
dent that they have enough votes to put |
it through, though by a motion to rccon- :
sider any action that may be taken the j
minority may succeed in so delaying the |
plan that Its consummation will not be i
possible under the present administra- |
tion.
The proposed plan of campaign against I
Kilpatrick is not, however, the only queer j
scheme on the tapis. One of the present !
board's favorite methods of paying- its I
obligations and making room in the ranks
tor more appointments is the creation of I
vice principal.ships. One of these is to I
go through to-day, when a resolution in- ';
troduced at Wednesday's meeting is to \
be passed. It provides that Miss Orr, a
favorite of the department, shall be ap
pointed to the position of vice principal
of the Denman Grammar School ut a sal
ary of $125 per month, and her appoint
ment is only one among many that are
in prospect. To-day, too, the work of i
cleaning up the substitute roll for th« !
projected end of the year appointments
will be resumed and an influx of nice
new pedagogues will be imminent at al
most any meeting.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture Blankets, Casslmeres, Tweeds and
Flannels. 535 Market St., San Francisco, Cal
Goods for sale at all leading cry-gooda stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES
Combined Capital. $4,000 000
SYZ & CO., Agents,
■ 301 California at.
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMFTTF jjlp and paper co..
fIILLHmCI IE 722 Montgomery S treat,
PIANOS.
.- The Oldest Firm and Largest Stock.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE
KOHLER & CHASE,
28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
A corps of expert tuners and repairers.
PRINTINO.
EC HIIHHF^ printer,
• V- HUUIILOiSiI Sansome street.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te cTg Ic PARTRIDGE ff^k
THE HICKS-JUDD CO., £» a ?fiU
1■- TYPEWRITERS.
I||i. AH Typewriters Rented.
terisSrl Few partly used for Bale cheap
; i|i«J!3L* AGENTS SMITH PREMIER.
J|||P|£|k L. &M. ALEXA^DER.
3 110 Montgomery street.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLESALE & retail; send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 928 Howard.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and Public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses.' Gen-
eral office, 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. "
T| lIVnY Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LlinUlifuii 18-k. Wedding Rings. 4 3d st.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined , by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at Its
ORE EN RIVER COLLIERIES.
, Is the Best Coal in the Market. " .
Office and Yards— 46o Main Street.
SS3 WOOD AND IVORY TURNINQ.
■■•-"■ ■ .' • ..'■■' • - . , , .--.■■■.■>.■-..
C. F. HAAS, wood articles/any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning, 417 Mission, teL M. 6927.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _ ' *
M y <? b
HVicw from Cliff House* San Francisco* ■ El
(They all smoke Seal.") H
M The Seal of Approval has been JS
§ placed on 3
1 Seal of North Carolina 1
j Smoking Tobacco by a generation j|j
B of pipe-smokers whose common N
§ sense has shown them its superior- ||
g ity over all common kinds* It tastes §§
y better and better as you smoke it S3
H longer! Have you tried it ? g]
I "T-he Original Plug Cut- 8
■By; I Always the same— m
| Mild and Cool. 1
£9&!BBHffiB^BBBBBaB^SBB»P«;a
6^| C A N C E R
\ 1 j^^^^^^^N 0 KNIFE or PAIN
; &%•?• ''^ipSSBP'^ Any lump in a \ro-
fegg^^^-M^MiJ Oman's breast is can-
j '?>** cer - "^' le poison
k. quickly goes to arm-
;■'*<& »V--','V Bh^^ P' 1 - it Inrge ii i.s too
v^^^sSp late. Men's face and
£fijP%^^*s£^ £iy I lip a common place.
B, -^-. J \ S'>Page Book sent
VsvS^^^ "*•' -^ free with hundreds of
addresses of honest scures. No Fraud.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 23 & 2BThiho St , Market St.
SEND TO SOME OPJE WITH CANCER
jmgm^ 1-hotcop. APitra ■ a ■ BE JB|| ■%
,lf^&^if9<^ THE NEW
istDay. fii*-^^, <^.Ljr&l enrunu
ts-j-sr ioth Day. »i»« xE|L rnKiiliifii
YITAUS 20thCay -SSL -'JBi Dc&acnv
■kmt! 8 u ■ , 20th Day - iiClntlllii
k k.i It<imck ' y * !ord y rcmoy «*»™onsnes«,lmMtency
Nightly Emissions, Evil Dream, W«tln e Diseases arid all effect
erf self. abuse HOM and indiscretion. Restore. Let Vitality,
Power and Falling Memory. Wards off Insanity and Con.um^
tion Cures when all other, fail. In.i.t on haying VITALII,
no other. Can be carried In the vest pocket. By mail $1.00
CALOMET 0TB« TO.. «B.{ IWbomTt;; Chtoo««
told by Owl Drue Co.. S. F,. and Oaklaad.
- N^^^kr WHEN YOU
( j^^^7W^|^^ Re QU |^ an ELEC-
BELT get "Dr.
?*^^^^^^^ Pierces' 1 and you will
•i/Y~. ' r^ not' be disappointed.
-75^7 Call or address PIERCE
' ELECTRIC CO., 620
MarktMi. (opp. Palace Hole 1 ), S. F.
DR.PIERCES ]
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER, ILUMGS.I
/^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
*»-'"> KKABSY ST. Established
i* ;f"^jflft in 1554 or the trpatment of Private
M&JJk-MBB l> l s( " list ' a - Lost Manhood. Dpbilityor
*EiffiJ&£aßGm disease wearing on bodyiind mlndand
». ft "■■' 'Jj? Skin Diseases. The doctor euros when
feJv^Sffi^r* 1 * "tlicrsfall. Try In., Charges low
tSQHSSSB (nrrnKuaranicrd. Call orwrita
2>r. J. t'. uIBBON, Box IUST.Sau Francisco.
—
The man worked In an Ohio coal mine, and this is the story h«
told : " For some years past I have been employed under mothei
earth, from one and a half to two miles from the mouth of the mine,
digging coal. The great distance under the hills makes it impossible
for me to get pure air, which is forced to us by the aid of great fans.
During breaks in machinery the air would become bad, causing first
great pains in my head, dizziness and fainting. This continued until
next was pains in stomach, indigestion and dyspepsia. Working hard
in the mines I natnrally was a hearty eater until at last I had dyspep*
sia so bad I suffered terrible. The doctor prescribed for me, but I
Only got worse. I took several kinds of medicine. I saw Ripans
Tabules advertised and going to the drug store bought some. In
three days I was a new man, my hood is clear, stomaob well, no dy*»
pepsia. These Hipans Tabules did ft"
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
California
Limited
Santa fe Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY.
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives In Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
I following Thursday, -Saturday
i and Tuesday— Arriving In New
t York at !:3O P. M.Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday. ■
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and < Eleotrio
1 Lighted Sleeping Car.- .
I This Train Is In Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
; SAN FRANCISCO TICKET~OFFtCE- — SZI MARKET ST,
, " TELEPHONE MAIN 16M.
! Oakland Offioe— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol /Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Olara Si.
i THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
i VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY. „■■
From Nov. 10. 1898. trains will run as follows.
! South-bound. North-bound.
Passen-i Mixed. .4 Mixed. Passen-
ger. I Sunday • Sunday ger.
Daily. Kxc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
B:2o am 10 -a 0 am • Stockton 3:45 pm s:sopm
10:10 am 2:05 pm Merced t 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno 9:30 am 3:32 pm
12:38 pm 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:35 pm
' 3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:30 am 11:25 am
12:58 pm| 8:50 pm Visalia ' 6:40 ami I:lspm
! Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection!
i inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Market
I street, San Francisco. ' ■
' V^AlSSßtoi&Mtf *"* Cfl§ a non-pof»onoa>
« <^rar"^Wfl remedy for Gonorrhoea,
V«B«ycUKEB^Iwa Gleet, Spermatorrhoea! i
MSW ia 1 tosJ»yf.^aß,Whitos, unnatural dis-
Mftw QBiranteed V charges, or any inflamma-
*•»■ n.it to atrietire. tion. irritation or ulcora-
P 1 njfrgventa conugion. tion of mucous mem-
IfiJVVHEEvASSCHEHICiICo. Cranes. Non-agtringent.
'Ii{^a,CINCINNATI,O.BBH| Sold by »ruar»iste,
VS. 3 1 a tK or Bent ia Plain wrapper,
v^KIBRCw^ J^VA b ? express prepaid, for
lilillV m j. 1 .- 00 - or 3 bottles, *2.75.
■ Circular »tut on r»^ussti
; Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY
NEW TRAIN SERVICE.
San Francisco and Los Angeles
Limited.
Commencing SUNDAY, Dec. 18, 1898,
THE OWL
WILL LEAVE SAN FRANCISCO 5:00 P. M,
WILL LEAVE LOS ANGELES 7:00 P. M.
, "JorTiiKUN PACIFIC compart.
(PACiriO SYSTEM.)
Tr»lns leave mi<l are tine to arrive aS
»A> HUM IM».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
tiAVS — From Nov. 29, 1898. — ABarr«
•6:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... *sTl3l
7:OOa Benicia, SuUuu and Sacramento.... 10:40*
'!»«A MarysTille. OroTiUe and Redding via
Woodland 5:43*
7:0»a Elmira, Vacaville and Rumaey 8:45p
7:30.\ Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa.
. . Calistoga and Santa Itoaa ■ 6:lsf>
- «»OO a Atlantic iiipr^.B, Ogdeti and Kant.. 8i45»
8:»Oa. San Jose, Stockton, Valley Spring,
I lone, Sacramento, MiirysTille,
Chlco, Tehama and Red Kluff. ... 4 : 1 l»p
BiBOa Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 4:l»p
••:BOa Milton 7:1»»
•:OOa. Martinez. Tracy.'Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno lftilO*
tltBA Fresno, Bakersfield, Santa Hurbara,
Los Angeles. Deming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and East C:45 j>
Fresno, Mendota, Tracy and Mar.
tinez 6:43»
1O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4»p
•*l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers. "OiO0»
ISiOOMNUes, Tracy, Stockton, Mendota,
Hanford, Viealia, Exeter and Por>
terrllle 4:13»
liOOrNllea, San Jose and Way Stations ... 11:49 a
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... JO:ISa
LiTermore, San Jose, Nllesand Way
Stations {10:13*
•i»»r Martinet, Ban Ramon, Valiejo.
Napa, Calistoga, ICI Veraiio ami
Santa Rosa ■■ISA
4it)er Beniela, Vacavtlle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro-
Tills andMacraiiieiitit.... 10:49 a
4>Bop Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7il3p
3:OOp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles »: *3 a
9»S)Op Santa Fo Iloute, Atlantic Express
forMojare and East..... 0:43f
. 5:00P Martinez. Lathrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno — 13:15R
- a 3:OOp "Pacific Coast Limited." El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Eock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East |8:15p
6ioop Knropean Mall, ()g.l«ii and Kast.... 9i4Sa.
8:OOp Haywards, Niles and San Joss T»43 a,
*tt:OOi- Vallejo 13:13f
}7:OOp Valiejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ;8:45r
•••Op Oregon rcxprnm, Sacramento, Marys. > y?': v
■-■■; Title, Reildinc, Portland, Puget
Sound and Kast Silßa
ll0:09r " Sunset Limited." Fresno. Los
Angeles, £1 Paso, New Orleans
and East 61t43p
SAN LKAXDKO AM» HAYWAUDs LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
j HelroKe, Seminar/ Park, ( .
8:00 a Kltfhburjr, Klmlinrst, •:!.■%«.
<9:0« a San Leandro,. Sooth Baa 1*9:4 a
lO.OOa Lesnrlro, Kutadlllo. 10:43 a
'MiSS* Loreii«o, Cherry • 1»»43r
U-.09T ' d * (1:49p
3:OOp HaTwarda 18:4
7|o0 * I Rum throrigb to Niles. 7 *°»
j tFromNlles. I.
. " COAST lUVISION (.Narrow flange). ~"
• (Foot of Market Street.) ■
Newark. CenterTllle, San
'.''■: . BonlderCreek.SantaOrniandWa*
Stations »«50p
*BtlBp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa | Cruz and Principal Way
Stations Mo:3rtA
4:13p Newark, San Jose and Los Oatos... 8:20 a
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7saOF
CREEK ROUTE >ERRY.
from SIR mHCISCO— F«t tf Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a. 11:00 *3:30 |3:0O
*i«0 t6:00 ♦6:Mp.ii.
•rim OUUXO— Fiot o'Bro«!»»T.— 8:00 10:00 i.M.
, tl8:00 «l:00 tajQ *3:00 ti:CO «B:00r.M.
■ COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge). ;
'-i''.' : i (Third and Townaend Sta.)
7:«Oa San Jone and Way Stations (New
1 Almadeu Wednesdays only) 1:30?
' 9i»oa San Joae, Trr» Pinos, Hanta Crm,
' Pacific Oro*e, Paso Itohles, San
/ Luis Obispo, Gnadalnpe, Surf ant
Principal Way Stations 4ilop
lOt4O* San Jmmand Way Station *Biooa.
. 11:8Oa San Jnse and Way SUtlous BiB3a
} *ai 13r San Mateo, Redwood. Bf enlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Joss,
Gilrny, Hollister, Santa OniE,
t - Salinas, Monterey and Paelflo
Grove .., «I0:88a.
*SiSOp San Jose and Way Stations *9:OOa
•4il9p San Joseaud Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
' •3«00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:33 a
SiSOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:80p
o:SOpSan Jose and Way Stations. 7:80p
fll:4Bp Ban Jose and Way Stations 7:»0p
A for Morning, i P for Afternoon.
, * Sundays excertted. t Sundays only. * Saturdays only
•fMondays and Thursdays. aTnfsdays and Saturdays.
iSaturdajrf aad Wedaosiian, Thursday! and Sonda^a.
1 CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
1 SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAK&u
» WEEK DATS— 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:U.
i : 1:80, 6:10, (:30 p. m. Tburßdayß— Extra trip
i at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1.5*
i aadll:to p. m. ------
i BUNISAy.H-8:00. 8:80. 11:00 a. m.; 1:38. 1:1*.
i , 6:00, 6:20 p. m. '
I BAN RAFAJEIj TO BAN FRANCISCO.
. WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; U:OL,
| 1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips si'
1 1:66 and 6:15 p. m.
, SUNDAYS— B:IO, »:«. 11:10 a. m.; l:4t. t:4». :
*:00. 6:25 p. m. - m \
Between San Francisco and Scnuetaea Part* <
1 same schedule as above. . '
Leave " ~ Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
— October It, ■
' Week Sun- 1898. < Sun- Week
; Days. days. Destination. da.,*. Days.
1:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40ar»
t:Bopm 9:Boam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25
1:10pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pm 6:22 pra
Fulton,
1:10 am Windsor, 19:2Saai
Healdsburg;
, Lytton, -• . ,
Geyservllle,
I:2opm l:Wam Cloverdale. 7:Bs pm f:22poa
Eopland and
f^Oam 8:00 am Uklah. 7:Bspm (:Hpia
t:«oam 10:25 an
: 8:00 am Ouernevlll*. 7:25 pm ■
t:Sopm . . . . . 6:23 pnt
1:10 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40aoa
and
1:10pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:Hpra
7:80 am 8:00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am 10: ana v
1:80 pm 6:oopm 7:85 pm| 6:22pm '
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West :
Spring's; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at G«y- •
ierville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale fo*
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Sara tog*
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Bprings. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Bucknell's. '■
Banhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville, Ore's
! Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brags;.
Westport, Usal, Wlllitts. Laytonville. Cum-
! mlng'e. Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
i Scotia and - Eureka. .
i ■ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets) at
I reduced rates. • •■
| ■ On Sundays ' round trip tickets to all points
beyond Sao Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
. General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. <
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBxV
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; "1:45,
8:46, 6:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— »B:OO, •10:00. *ll:*0 a. m.; «i:Uw
1:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. . . ■ ;■-. ,
■ Trains marked • run to San Quer.tln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
wEEK DAYS— «6:35. 7:45. »9:30 a. m.j
•12:20, 2:20. »3:45. 5:03 p. in.
EXTRA TRIPS r,n Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. re.
SUN DATS— 6:2O. »S:00. "10:00. *U:SI> a. m.s
•1:18, 1:19. 4:40, •6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m.j
12:55, 2:45. 8:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDATS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 1:20, »:28,
1:00, 6:20 p. m. . .
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:10 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills and way
. . stations. -."■■■ • ■ ■-.■..'■■-- -- '
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Mills and way ata's,
UQUST TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito . Ferry.) : "i .
Leave San , Francisco, commencing Sunday
Bept. 11.1838: , "
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m. -
Sundays— 10:00. 11:80 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley. tL •
THOS. \ COOK & SON. Agents. 621 Market
■ •treet. Ban Francisco. . :s
910
CHARGES OF
FRAUD AND
CONSPIRACY
War Over the Estate
of J. W. Smith.
VAST INTERESTS AT STAKE
HEIRS ASK REMOVAL OF AD
MINISTRATOR KINO.
Ilie Rents From Property and Inter
est on California and Nevada
Railroad Bond 3 An
Unaccounted For.
f ' Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Broadway, Dec. 35.
The hearing: of serious charges against
■C. K. King, administrator of the estate
of John W. Smith, brought by Sadie Eliz
abeth Thompson and Lena I. Snodgrass,
heirs ami granddaughters of deceased,
,-was commenced to-day before Superior
Judge Ogden.
John W. Smith was a railroad magnate
vrho died intestate here on November 15,
1895, leaving an estate valued at $552,000,
his bonds In th>' California and Nevada
Rallroaii Company alone amounting to
5300,000; also twenty acres In this county.
. luOO acres In Butte County, 57000;
2UOO acres In San Luis Obispo County, $1".
00o; Green Mountain mining property, $15.
000; besides land In Santa Barbara i ounty
and interests in Shenandoah Mining Com
pany of unknown value.
The petitioners, who seek the removal
of < '. X Ki:>K as administrator, allege ;i
conspiracy between King and Charles 11.
Smith, a son of ised, who resides
In Denver, Colo., and who testiiied thut he
was a resident ol this State at the time
lie nominated King as administrator.
"Kir.p has acted as the instrument of
Bald Charles 11. Smith." Bays the petition,
"and conspired with said Smith to ma.!!
iage the affairs of the .-state for the sole
Interest and benefit of Smith and to the
detriment of the other heirs-at-law of
John W. Smith'
It is further asserted that in September.
1896, King paid to Charles li. Smith (1274
on an illegitimate claim against th<
estate, again, that King by conniving
with Charles H. Smith paid to A. H,
McCarty niT" than $:M) tor lumber noi
furnished I I lly it is charged
that C. 11. Smith used undue influence
over his dying father to secure deeds to
the prejudii • of the other heirs, the
daughters, Man M. <"iark. Marguerite <*.
Kir-' Laura VV. Porter and a son, Albert
B. Smith.
King occupied the witness stand dur
ing the afternoon and Attorney George K.
de Qolla, on behalf of petitioners, rigidly
examined him as to what he did with
moneys collected from rents ami other
Bources, and asked him to explain why
certain claims were paid.
King denied all allegations of conspir
acy, lie saiii that just before J. W. Smith
died he told him that he had given all
his mining interests to his son, yet King
admitted that, In the following December,
he had paid bills of ■ accruing at
the mines with money taken out of the
♦ state. Moreover, he had not mentioned
euch mining interests in the inventory.
The hearing will be continued to-morrow
end some interesting revelations are
.promised.
Peculiar Controversy.
OAKLAND, Dec. IS.— An oil painting of
a little baby that died recently is the .sub
ject of a bitter controversy between -Mr.
and Mrs. Rudolf V. Meier. The parents
have separated, and each claims me pic
ture, h»'nce a lively contest is exnected
Jn the Police Court to-morrow for its pos
session. Because it la the only larg^ pic
ture that exists of the little one, each
parent desires it all the more. Mr. Meier
Is a commercial traveler, and he claims
that his wife secretly abstracted it from
hi? apartments while he was away from
home. lie says the picture was painted
by his brother and given to him. To-day
iftieier commenced s. -arch-warrant pro
ceedings against his wife.
Seth Mann 111.
OAKLAND. Dec. 1f..-Seth Mann, chnir
man of the Democratic State Central
Committee, tins been quite ill at his home
on Magnolia street, suffering from an at
tack of lumbago.
Oakland News Items
OAKLAND, Dec. 15.— Edward "Wilson
to-day commenced suit for a divorce from
Josephine Wilson on the ground of dest r-
Ition.
Public Administrator W. H. Knight has
applied for letters on the estate of < or
nelius A. Donahue, the veteran who died
at STountville last Monday. The estate
consists of a ranch In Monterey County
and personal property of unknown value.
The $50,000 damage suit of Annie Mc-
Cann against tlw Piedmont ami Mountain
View Railway tor hiiuries sustained was
to-day terminated. The .jury, after being
<Sut all night, gave plaintiff a verdict tor
52000.
Frederick W. Byrod of Washington, D.
C. lias assigned all his interests in the
•estate of Small B. ByroS, deceased, to
Darwin <'. de Qolla. in consideration of
services already rendered and to be ren
dered, and the sum of $1. Mis. Byrod'was
his aunt, ami left most of her $8000 estate
to the Home of Truth or members thereof,
except $3, which was bequeathed to the
nephew.
Miss Henrietta Sumner, who has bee.i
.connected witli the School Department as
•n teacher for the pasi twenty years, tl : • -»1
'at her home .1214 Brush street, this morn
ing. Phe wns a teacher in the Prescott
School, and had been sick several months.
The remains are to be cremated in San
"Francisi o to-morrow.
Rev. K. F. Coyle and Rev. .T. Alexander
have been Elected by the Oakland Pres
bytery as delegates to the General As
amnbly.
A cantata will be presented at the T'ni
tarian church to-morrow night in wiach
sixty children from the home connected
■with the Ladies' Relief Society at Tem
escal will take part.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Dec. B.— Miss J. Ma:
O'Nell of South Berkeley and John Henry
(Schroedrr of Vacaville were married j*es
teid&y at the residence of the bride's
mother on Ashhy avenue. Mr. and Mrs.
t-ohro< dor will reside in Vacaville.
The "id rustic bridge across Strawberry
creek on the lower part of the H-ilcl-y
caicnus lias been found unsafe for une.
All tho approaches to it have been t-1 < >^- -.1
ami the M ork of repair will be begun Im
mediately.
The Feralta Volunteer Fire Company
has Ir-^.' il invitations tcr a smoker i p
bo held In the lire house on New \
eve.
A large quantity of well boring appara
tus has been sent to the tract of land in
Korth Berkeley where it is expected an
adequate supply of water can be obtained
for the university town. The work of
testing for water will be in progress as
soon as the machinery is \i, read!
BLOCKADE ON THE SANTA FE.
The Southern Pacific Will Handle Its
■I*' '.*» Through Freight.
Master of Transportation Richardson of
the "Southern Pacific stated yesterday
that the Southern Pacific had received a
request from the Santa Fe to handle its
through freight from Defining for the next
few days. The request was made because
of a blockade on the Santa Pc line. Mr.
Richardson said that such ;. eager news
had been received by his company In re
gard to the blockade that he could not tell
what caused it nor where it was on the
line Inquiry at the ticket office of the
«?anta Fe in this city failed to throw any
litrht on the nature of the blockade, as the
officials of that line had received no news
of it Mr Richardson said the Southern
Pacific would comply with the request of
th MaSS?r J C "r R FiHinoreof the Southern
■p«Hflcleft yesterday for a snort tour of
Inspection over the line. He will be ab
sent only a few day«. - .y
j J TlKxot. the fnmon* art Int.' re
lates -hi « experience In Bethlehem
In the ChH.tinni.Xoll, out next Sun
fia/;i December 18. .. , • ■ "\<
- - ■ " i
WIDE SPLIT IN
THE CAMP OF
REPUBLICANS
Barker Talks of the
Municipal League.
SAYS IT BARS PROGRESS
AUDITOR SNOW FAVORS AP-
POINTED DELEGATES.
The Seventh Ward Hopelessly Divid
ed Over the Question of Prima
ries — Young Men Oppose
Appointing.
Oakland Office San Francisco" Call,
90S Broadway, Dec. 15.
It Is very evident tnat there is to be
considerable friction between the lead
ers of the Republican party and the Mu
nicipal League, which is composed almost
entirely of Republicans. The standing of
ilit' league i:i this campaign is onv of g< n
eral interest, ;ls it has departed from the
lines upon which it was originally laid
out. There is, however, the same per
sonnel to the. league as there was at its
birth, seven years ago, although since
that time many who have subsequently
held office are now prominent among its
leaders. The Republicans are divided upon
the method of obtaining delegates for a
convention. W. R. Davis Is opposed to the
plan of appointing delegates and gives the
following reasons for his opposition:
"There are two ideas I would like to ex
press. The first is about holding a- pri
mary flection and avoiding the appoint
ment of delegates to the convention. No
one authorized the appointment of dele
gates or the creation of a convention
in lieu of the action of the members of
the party. The appointment of delegates
by committees has always created dissat
isfaction and Is the forerunner of dissen
sion and defeat. The Republican party
.should nominate the best ticket which can
be selected from the membership of the
party. Men who are Republicans cannot
do any better outside of the party than in
It. They can do much bettor for the party
by expending their exertions within it for
the good of the party than by individual
or outside action.
"Some seem to expend their exertions
as Republicans to sustain the Republican
administration 41*00 miles distant, and an
other Republican administration 100 miles
distant, But do nothing to strengthen or
sustain a good, strong Republican admin
istration at Fourteenth and Washington
h reets, Oakland.
"A good Republican administration in
Oakland is just as creditable and ser
viceable as one at Sacramento and ont
at Washington. 1 believe in all throe of
them."
Timothy L. Barker, who was the Re
publican nominee for Mayor four years
ago, does not think that the Municipal
League is deserving of the support of the
Republican party.
"At present." said he to-day, "the city
government is run by a clique, with which
I will have nothing to do. They manage
the party for personal Interest, and there
is no chance for stanch old Republicans
to take a hand. I have no opinion as to
the best policy for the Republicans to
adopt during the coming campaign. The
Municipal League will draw from the
strength of the Republicans, and I will
not be surprised to see the Democrats
elect their ticket. The. Municipal League
has done nothing but impede the progress
of the city since it was organized. In
1533 Oakland was in a prosperous con
dition. Since the Municipal League took
hold of Its affairs it has steadily been on
the decline. It was through the agency
of its members that the water front suit
was made to cost $Ts.inm, while it should
not have cost more than $10,000. >f the
Municipal League members had done as
much inside the Republican party as tnej
has done outside they would have made a
grand success. As it Is, they may over
thtow the Republican vote and we may
have a Democratic Mayor."
Auditor Snow has created some surprise
by stating that he prefers an appointed
delegation. As Mr. Snow will certainly
I ■■ a candidate for something nezl spring,
his opinion carries some significance. In
:'ii Interview he declares that at present
primaries can be greatly abused, and he
believes that rle Republicans will be bet
ter satisfied with an appointed conventloi
than with one elected at an unsatisfac
tory primary.
The stronghold of Republicanism In this
city— the Seventh Ward— is divided on the
same question. The Seventh Ward Re
publican Club has already pronounced In
favor of appointing delegates to the Re
ijubllcan convention. As the Seventh
Ward already has its candidate? mapped
out. the appointment of delegates simply
means that the delegation would practi
cally he pledged to those candidates. The
Young Men's Republican Club of the Sev
enth Ward held a meeting to-night, and
pronounced in very positive language
against the appointive plan. They de
clare that if an attempt be made to ap
point delegates they will hold a primary
and fight the matter out ns was done six
years ago, when delegates were elected to
the National Conveiition and when prim
aries were declared to be the proper
method for the Republicans to follow in
the election of delegates.
GOLF SCORE QUESTIONED.
San Francisco Players Contend Tha*
the Match on the Oakland Links
Was "All Even."
In the match played last Saturday on
the Oakland golf links between teams of
eight players representing the San Fran
cisco and Oakland Golf clubs the Oakland
team was reported as winning by 2 holes.
In the first rou..d the score, of Oakland
•whs given as 8 up, and that of San Fran
clbco as 6 up. a difference of 2 holes In
f;ivr>r of Oakland. As both teams were ~t
up in the second round Oakland was de
clared to have, won by 2 holes. It has
since been learned, however, that one
bole, the eighth in the first round between
C. P. liubbard of Oakland and E. J. M.'-
Cutcheon of San Francisco, Is open to dis
cussion. The facts are these:
In approaching the hole C. P. Hubbard
overplayed and sent his ball into Lake
Merritt. At the suggestion of Melville, th<
Oakland club's professional, he lifted ins
ball out of the water and dropped it; it
roiled back, but not (.juite into the water:
he thon dropped a oal! again and played
on. with a penalty of only one stroke.
"When he dropped his ball lie had his face
toward the hazard. Proceeding with the
play, he holed out in fewer strokes than
his opponent, and scored the hole.
The rules affecting the question are Nos.
39 and 21 of the Rules of Golf as revised
by the Koyal and Ancient Golf Club of St.
Andrews, and adopted by the rnlted
States Golf Association. Rule 21 reads:
"If the ball lie or be lost In water, the
player may drop a ball under the penalty
•of one stroke." Rule 19 prescribes that
"when a ball is to be dropped the player
shall drop it. He shall front the hole,
stand erect behind the hazard, keep the
BDOt from which the ball was lined In a
fine between him and the hole, and drop
the ball behind him from his head, stand
ing as far behind the hazard as he may
please." To conform to these rules Mr.
Hubbard should have gone to the other
side of the arm of Lake Merritt. so as to
be "behind the hazard." and. facing tht
eighth hole, have dropped a ball behind
i him. This being almost Impracticable,
I the San Francisco players are of opinion
I that the only alternative was to give up
the hole. The loss of the hole would re
duce Hubbard's score 1, and raise Me-
Cutcnen's score l, thus making BfeCntch
en 3 up on the first round, and giving the
San Francisco team 8 holes on the first
round. This wouiu make the score "all
even."
The Oakland players, however, contend
! that on their links there is a ground rule
; thnt a ball on being r»)aved into the lake
may be lifted out and dropped with a
penalty of one stroke, and that it is not
necessary for the player to place himself
behind trie hazard. They urge that spe
cial rules relating to the particular links
i take precedence of the general rules of
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALiL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
golf, and that their player, Mr. Hubbard,
was quite entitled to play aB he did. A
letter setting forth the views of the San
Francisco club has been forwarded to P.
E. Bowles, vice captain of the Oakland
Golf Club, and an amicable adjustment of
the matter will doubtless be arrived at
shortly.
BAISED A ROUGH HOUSE.
Two Soldiers Try to Run the Orphe
um but Get the Worst of It.
Two soldiers who made an attempt to
run the Orpheum last night succeeded In
raising a very rough house for a
time. In the end they found that Special
Officer Butler owned a few shares in the
theater ana was Incidentally very handy
with his fists.
Shortly after the doors open<*d a man
; wearing Uncle Sam's blue and a large
I jag presented himself at the door with a
! 10-cent ticket. The doorkeeper, not being
: blind, discovered that the defender of his
country had been Imbibing too freely and
'. took up his ticket, returned the price and
i refused the "dough boy" admittance. This
! juoccluje did not please tue soldier, and
his objection became so violent that Of
| ficer Butler was called. The star on But
. ler's breast was not sufficient to Impress
1 the ebstieperous youth, but when he felt
| Butlers good right swing he wilted and
! went to the Central station without any
j further trouble.
Later in the evening, another soldier
| who had been recently discharged from
i the army became displeased with one of
the numbers on the programme and ex
pressed Ids displeasure with hoots and
hisses. Officer Butler was again sum
moned and after a short engagement suc
ceeded in taking the dramatic critic to
I the pafrol box. He turned his prisoner
over to Policeman Sylvester, who was
obliged to call Specials Smith and Mur-
Dhy to his assistance to quell the turbu
lent spirit of the ex-soldier. Both men
were charged with assault on an officer.
Robert G. Inarersoll, General O. O.
Howard, V. S. A.. Dr. Lyraan Abbott,
General T. J. Morgan and Channcey
I Depevr dlNcnim the dentlny of the
Ken- America In the Christmas Call,
out next Sunday, December IS.
.
A TROUT THAT CAUSED
ENDLESS ANNOYANCE
ALTHOUGH CAUGHT OUT OF SEA-
SON, IT TASTED WELL
A Deputy Fish Commissioner and a
Liquor Merchant Who Got the
Wrong Tip and Went
Astray.
Dispenser Tom Ferguson had a visit
from a deputy fish commissioner recently,
and now he knows something about fish
laws and game fishes.
Ferguson, it appears, has been a target
for his sportively Inclined patrons for
some weeks past simply because he will
insist that he understands how to shoot
and fish, notwithstanding that Commo
dore John Con way has exhausted all of
his latent knowledge of pisciculture on
Ferguson in the endeavor to convince the
man that he knows not the first thing
about a gun or a fishing rod.
Conway takes much pleasure in teasing
the honorable liquor merchant, and as a
matter of fact Ferguson looks suspicious
ly on every movement the commodore
makes when he is within eye range;
but Conway "put it on" his old friend in
the most approved style last Monday, and
the story as told by Contractor Chris
Morehouse goes thusly:
Ferguson, although he knows not the first
thing about fishing. Is a fond lover of mountain
trout. By that I mean, of course, that every
trout looks the fame to Tom, and doubtless
they taste alike also. However. last Monday
morning Hilly Fab»r. the director general of
beverages and hot bean stew, received from
some of his country cousins a nice fat two
pound rainbow trout, which, although caught
out of season (presumably In tide water), made
delicious eating.
Bill, after feasting his bright, sparkling
eyes on the so-called speckiea beauty, con
signed It to the ice chest until such time as he
was ready to cast it to his palace on the hill.
When Ferguson put In an appearance at head
quarters Monday afternoon Conway and his
barytone laugh greeted him.
"Well, Tom," said "Weak-lunged" -John, "I
just wish that some of my country friends
would remember mo as well as they do you
occasionally."
"Why, what's the matter now?" queried
"Ferg" suspiciously.
"Oh that beautiful trout in the Ice chest that
was sent to you. I'd Just like to have it; guess
you are not much of a lover of tish. anyhow,
are you, Tom?" asked Conway, with a face
that was as cold and as straight as the bar
rels of a shotgun.
"Why, I don't know a thing about It, re
plied Ferguson. "Let's have a look at It."
Well, to make a long story short, Ferguson
was delighted when he saw the fish and Im
mediately dispatched a messenger to his house
to inform his good wife of the beautiful trout
he would present her with on his return home.
The rightful owner of the trout. Billy Fa
ber, decamped with his "mountain beauty"
after he had concluded his day' labor and
was enjoying happy moments over the pan
when Ferguson again visited the Ice chest in
finest of his royal prize.
Well, say. you should have been around
when Tom discovered his loss; talk of a blue,
smoky atmosphere and the Greek language; I
never" heard such a pow-wow. Some fellow
told Tom that his man Billy walked home with
the fish and without a moment's hesitation
■•Ferg." wrote out Billy's discharge and sent
i to him by Jack, the champion wheelman of
the smokehouse.
To make matters worse. Artful Curly dis
patched a messenger to the Fish Commission
er's office with a note which stated that
"rainbow trout out of season" were In pos
session of Tom Ferguson. The deputy who
visited "the man of barrels" heard Ferguson's
story, .but it was fortunate for Tom that Billy
Faber had already killed the evidence by hav
ing turned It over to the Inner man and there
by saved Ferguson from arrest and a possible
heavy fine. ■:■■■•:"
The Joke was on Tom the next day when
Billy Faber put In an appearance, but as for
Commodore Conway, he Is on the black books
and there is no telling the amount of hard
medicine he will have to drink when he meets
poor old "Ferg" among the barrels.
FREE PASSAGE TO CHINA.
Clever Kuso to Be Sent Home at the
Expense of the United States.
Thp Chinese are at their old trick of
having the Government pay their passage
to China when they get tired of amassing
wealth in this country.
The latest phase of this confidence game
came to light last Wednesday.
On tho afternoon of that day Police
Judge Low telephoned to the Chinese Bu
reau the Information that h«* had been in
formed that in a wash house on Bryant
street wns a Chinaman who had nHkCer
tlllcate of registration and who therefore
was illegally In the United States.
A Chinese Inspector was sent to the ad
dress given and the coolie was placed un
der arrest. About half an hour after his
arrest another Chinaman, fat. sleek and
well groomed, walked into the Chinese
Bureau and informed Chief Meredith that
he had arrived here a few days ago In
transit to Mexico and had recently smug
pled himself Into California across the
Mexican border. He was ■willing to be de
ported at once. He also wa.s placed under
arrest and Collector Jackson notified of
the facts of the case. There was no
doubt that both men are entitled to re
main here and that they have destroyed
or concealed their certificates In the ex
portation that the Government will give
them a free passage to China.
Collector Jackson said yesterday that
there is a statute imposing a penalty of
or.c year's imprisonment upon any native
of China other than of American parent
age, who may be a laborer, found In this
country without a certificate. The stat
ute has never been enforced because It
was sought to avoid the expense of keep
ing the offenders in jail for a year, but
the Collector says that It la his Intention
to enforce it in cases like the present,
where Chinese, by concealing their certifi
cates, seek to obtain passage home to
China at the expanse of this Government.
Rev. Dr. I'lirLlnirM of \"etr YorU
bus n Clirintmnft nermon in the
( hristmriH edition of The Call, out
next Siimlny. Oeoemlier IS.
Grand Duke Cecil Coming.
The Grand Duke Cecil, a cousin of the
Czar of Russia, will be one of the passen
gers who will arrive on the steamer
China. He will be shown every courtesy
by the Custom-house officials, and his
more word that his luggage contains
nothing dutiable will be held sufficient
by them. The Duke comes on a mission
of peac^, but it is claimed that he is not
the advance agent of the Czar's "great
pilgrimage of peace through all nations."
In tact, the Duke is simply making a
tour of the -world and while in this coun
try he will be shown every courtesy by
the American nation.
Celluloid albums, toilet cases and work
boxes, good for Christmas, at Sanborn &
Tail's. •
TALK OF NEEDS
OF CALIFORNIA
MUNICIPALITIES
Second Day's Session
of New League.
ADDRESS BY MAYOR PHELAN
F. W. DORHMANN CRITICIZES
THE PRESENT SYSTEM.
Control or Ownership of Public Utili
ties and Adoption of Civil Ser
vice Favored — Convention
Adjourns Sine Die.
The second and last day's sesrton of the
new Lea-gue of California Municipalities,
in Pioneers' Hal!, was mainly devoted to
addresses on subjects relating to city gov
ernment. Mayor Phelan, president of the
league, presided at the mornln" session
and delivered an address, in which he
urged the necessity of concerted action by
the cities and towns throughout the State
to secure necessary legislation to enable
them to successfully carry out many con
templated reforms.
The speaker said that every writer on
political economy in this country, as well
as foreign visitors, uad remarked on the
conspicuous failures of the people of the
T'nlted States in the matter of municipal
government— failures all the more con
spicuous on account of the progress made !
by us in all other branches of edr-qtion !
and business management. During the j
past few years matters had begun to im- j
prove. New "York had made wonderful
progress and he believed San Francisco's J
new charter was the nearest perfect of
any In America.
"The three things necessary to be ob- I
served," said the Mayor, "are civil ser- j
vice, home rule and efficient management j
of a city's affairs. Civil service will open ;
up a career for the young men as well as ,
assure better municipal administration. j
As things are now the mercnants of this i
city would not think of employing a man
who had graduated from the City Hall, j
That place is looked upon by them as a j
school of corruption, the reward of which j
is big wages and little to do."
In conclusion the Mayor said he hoped
to see the time when the city should own ;
and operate all nubile utilities. |
President F. W. Dohrmann of the Mer- i
chants' Association was present by mvi- ,
tation, and delivered a short address on
"Municipal Government." He attributed \
the failure to secure honest and efficient j
administration of city affairs in the muni- i
cipalities In this country to the constant i
changing and shifting about of officials. ;
There was no stability, and if a good man
was elected to an important office, as
soon as he became fairly accustomed to
his duties and was in a position to put his |
experience to practical use another elec
tion came along and he was displaced by ;
a man with less experience and probably
less honesty. He contrasted this system |
With that in vogue in European cities, |
where all executive municipal officers are
hired for their known ability to admin- j
ister the affairs of a city successfully.
Other speakers at the morning session !
were City Clerk L<amborn of Alameda and j
Joseph Hutchinson of Palo Alto. The lat- |
ter introduced a resolution, which was |
adopted, directing the judicial and legis
lative committee to take steps to secure
the passage of a bill through the Legisla- ;
ture requiring the distribution of all bills :
as fast as introduced to the municipal
authorities throughout the State.
Second Vice President W. H. Turner of ;
Merced presided at the afternoon session,
and the principal speaker was J. Richard :
Freud of the Merchants' Association. Mr.
Freud told of the work done by that body
In this city and gave a detailed and com
prehensive account of the methods em- i
ployed and the results obtained.
Joseph Britton of this city. D. J. Sulli
van Superintendent of Alameda Schools,
M Walsh of Petnluma and R. F. Robert
son of Los Gatos also addressed the meet
ing and the league then adjourned sine
die It is possible that the next meeting '■
will be held some timo in January In Sac
ramento, but this Is left to the judgment
Of the executive committee. About fifteen
delegates signed the membership roll, and
It is expected that many other cities will
join as soon as the purpose of the or
ganization Is fully understood.
To-day the delegates will be taken for a
drive through the park and nut to the !
Cliff House as the guests of Mayor Phe- ;
lan. They will start from Pioneer Hall at j
10 o'clock this morning. ■ ' ;
DOLPHINS ELECT OFFICERS.
A Ladies' Day Will Be Held Shortly
at the Club House on North
Beach.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Dolphin Swimming Club, held on Wednes
day evening, the following offlcera were
elected for the coming year: Prosldent,
Joseph I -alb Jr.; vice president. Fred W.
Woerner; recording secretary. J. S. Snarls;
financial secretary, F. C. Stalb; treasurer,
A T, Sehuppert; captnln. A. W. Pape;
lieutenant captain. C. T. Roach; sergeant
at arms. C. J- Mogan. The executive com
mittee consists of C. M. Farrell. W. O.
Patch and A. W. Pape: the board of trus
tees is made up of E. H. Coney, K. P.
Sullivan and A. F. Micheletti. and the
delegates to the Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union are A. P.
Rothkopf. A. W. Pape and Joseph B. Kee-
W O Patch. J. S. Earls, E. H. Coney
and A P. Micheletti were appointed a
committee to make preparations for a
club outing next month. It Is intended to
take all the boats owned by the club and
ac many members as possible over to
Baunaltto so as to awaken Interest In the
sport of rowing and stir up the members.
On Sunday morning a new Intermediate
cr<\v will go out for practice. It will be
made up as follows: W. O. Patch, bow;
(l-crge Baker, No. 2; J. Coughlan, No. 3,
and A. W. Pape, stroke.
A junior crew will be made up of A.
Brennan, C. Roach, A. F. Micheletti and
L,. Duncan, the "Little Sandow."
At an early date a race will be arranged
between the Italian, Oman and Irish
crews. The Italian crew consists of A.
K. Sbarboro, bow; Tllden Tognazzini. No.
2; A. Pastene, No. 3; L. D. Baoigalupt,
stroke, and A. F. Micheletti, cockswain.
The German crew is made up thus: W.
Schumacher, bow; F. AVoerner, No. 2; F.
Schwarting, No. 3, and A. W, Pape.
stroke. The Irish crew is composed of
E. Sullivan, bow; \V. O. Patch, No. 2; C.
M. Farrell, No. S, and T. J. Kennedy,
stroke.
During the month of February of next
year it is proposed that the Dolphin and
Olympic Boat clubs hold a day's sport
In conjunction at Belvedere, where the
Olympic quarters are. A. W. Pape has of
fered a modal for outrigged skiff men who
have never competed in a race. Next
season wil probably find A. W. Pape and
W. O. Patch in the ranUs of the shellmen,
for both of them now have boats of that
type. Indeed, Pape won the Junior shell
championship at the regatta held on No
vember 6, though he actually rowed in a
wherry.
The tickets for the free dinner to be
Kiven by the Salvation Army to Ihe de
serving; poor on Christmas da.y are now
reody for distribution and may be ob
tained nny evening from 7 to 9 at the
headquarters, 1139 Market street, or the
headquarters of any of the corps.
Concert by Deaf and Blind.
The blind pupils of the Institution for the
Deaf and the Blind will give their annual
sacred concert on Sunday afternoon, De
cember 18. at 3 o'clock. In the chapel of
the institution at Berkeley. The public
is cordially invited to attend.
Good Chrlntman dinner* )>> promi
nent Smu FronolMCo houaewlveß. In
the Chrlnttnn* Call, out next San
day, December 18.
WISE'S WORK
PLEASED THE
CUSTOM HOUSE
Major Moore Will Be
Investigated.
A ORAPHIC LETTER TO GAGE
THE SPECIAL AGENT DID NOT
LOOK FOR CRIME.
Sent Foss to Prison and Rode In
the Park on Sundays With
His Favorite Behind a
Team of Bays.
The dispatch from Washington relating I
the details of an Interview by The Call's j
correspondent with John H. Wise, ex-Col- I
lector of the Port of San Francisco, was
tbe sole topic of conversation in the Cus
tom House yesterday. It was conceded on
all sides that the ex-Collector had made a
strong case against Special Agent Moore, !
and that in all likelihood the official days
of the major are at an end bo far as ihia
Stnte is concerned.
Mr. Wises picturesque Callfornian way
of referring to the major's great failing
and his susceptibility to feminine charms
both in and out of office hours was ad
mired and flatteringly commented upon by
the Custom House clerks who have dab
bled in the mysteries of belles lettres.
Even Chauncey Milton St. John, who is a
fellow of the Geographical Society of Cal
ifornia and a student of nature in all her
phases, read the sentence over and over
again, but he declined to tell the reporters
what he thought of Mr. Wise as a litter
ateur.
It was the general opinion that the ex-
Collector was wise when he insisted that
Collector Jackson should investigate the
serious and scandalous charges made
against Major Moore by vomen of un
questioned veracity and unsullieu reputa
tion, whom the venerable major sought to
bend to his base purposes. Colonel Jack
son is a disinterested and unprejudiced
party. He is fearless In the discharge of |
his duties and would make a thorough
and unsmotherable Investigation, ana the
public as Wfll as the Secretary of the
Treasury would u&ve conlidence in his !
findings. When asked yesterday whether
he would be willing to undertake the task
U requested by the Secretary of the I
Treasury he said that , however distaste- j
ful the duty might be to him personally
he would cheerfully enter upon the lnves- :
tigation and would "probe it to the grass ,
rootB." There is no doubt that the Inves
tigation will not be lacking in inorough
ness and impartiality.
It is believed tnat the amorous major is
making an attempt to have the charges
investigated by nome other Special Agent
or Officer, as in that event he might oring
his political influence more or less sue- *
cessfully into play. Jn corroboratlon of ,
this impression, the fact is noted that the !
Examiner has had a special commlsioner
for the past two or three days sounding
Federal officials, principally Assistant .
Tnltt'd States Attorneys Woodworth and •
lianning, as to the law on the subject of
a change of venue in the matter. The
commissioner received cold comfort when
Informed that the ardent major was not
under the civil service system and that
the Secretary of the Treasury can dismiss i
him without any charges being made and ;
without notict^and that the courts would i
be powerless to interfere.
Whfn Wise was Collector of this port he
wrote a letter to Secretary Gage forcibly j
expressing his opinion of Moore. In that
letter which is Mr. Wise's masterpiece of
English composition, he told the Secretary
many stinging things about the Machla- :
velian Special Agent. The letter, among
other things, called attention to the fact i
that during the administration of Collec- |
tor Hager a great opium smuggling scan
dal was exposed in the newspapers and
that subordinate Government officials
were involved in allegations of oribery in
connection with the traffic.
"Although these grave charges were
public," wrote Mr. Wise, "he (Moore)
never made an effort to ascertain the
facts, but, on the contrary, was a con
stant visitor at the residence of the prin
cipal accused official and frequently dined
and was entertained there.
"On one occasion," continued Mr. AN Ise,
"he sent Assistant Special Agent DeWitt
C. Jackson to Los Angeles and San Diego
to look Into Federal matters at those
points. Mr. Jackson did his duty so well
that he was enabled in a short time to
furnish the major with the names of
persons engaged In smuggling. opium into
the country and of persons who were
making large sums of money by smug
gling Chinese men and women into Cali
fornia across the Mexican border. But
Moore paid no attention to the report of
his subordinate, having found the task of
traducing the characters of the highest
official* more congenial to his taste. He
has employed detectives, he has visited
jails and penitentiaries, he has promised
prisoners Immunity from prosecution and
he has appealed to the necessities of
women to drum up testimony against
officials who stand higher, morally and
socially, than he." "',-"■  . „
Mr Wise made a mistake in the follow
ing statement to The Call's correspondent
at Washington:
In the case . of the Chinese woman, Fong
Suev Won Moore and a woman from the
Mission were the parties responsible for her
release on the Plea thatj the poor woman
wanted to get back to China. Ha made these
representations, although he knew that she was
a procuress and therefore guilty of felony. He
thus secured her release before the Chinese
Bureau knew the facts. Collector Jack
son has exonerated Meredith. The Treasury
Doimrtment understands the case. Meredith 8
conduct was all right according to Colonel
Jackson.
The "woman from the Mission" men
tioned by Mr. Wise is Miss Cameron, ma
tron of the Presbyterian Chinese Home
Mission. Miss Cameron was the first per
son to warn Chief Meredith of the char
acter of Fong Suey AVon, and it was upon
Miss Cameron's representations that the
procuress was not allowed to go when her
certificate of registration was produced at
the mission on the evening of her arrest
during the Federal raid for the Omaha
women. The Chinawoman who .was al
lowed to go to China at Miss Cameron's
request was one of the witnesses against
Foiik Suey Won. but her testimony was
only hearsay, and would not be admissible
in court, and what she did hear was that
Font: Suev Won had purchased the wit
ness in China. Fong Suey could not be
punished in the United States for Inlying
slaves in China, and the witness was al
lowed to return to her native country
with the consent of United States Attor
ney Foote and. of Major Moore, who had
no use for her, she not understanding
'The Mrs. Elliott mentioned by Mr. Wise
as having been one of the gay major's
charmers was the dear friend of Fops,
one of the ring of opium smugglers who
was sent to the penitentiary a few years
ago through the major's efforts. This
left the field clear for a new affection, and
the major and Mrs. rilliott were often
seen on Sundays in Golden Gate Park
behind a spanking team of bays.
The following dispatch will be of inter
est to those who desire to see the conduct
of Inspector Moore investigated:
WASHINGTON. Doc. 15.— The Treasury
Department has decided to investigate the
conduct of Inspector Horace A. Moore of
San Francisco. This decision was reached
to-day. The only question now 1b as to
the manner in which such investigation
shall be conducted. Ex-Collector Wise
was desirous th;it Collector Jackson be
called upon to report, but the department
has reason to believe there Is some feeling
between Collector Jackson and Inspector
Moore growing out of the Meredith case.
Inspector Moore some time ago reported
that although the Chinese woman. Fong
Suey Won, had a certificate showing her
right to be In this country under the
terms of the Geary act. he had placed in
the possession of Chief Meredith of the
Chinese Bureau evidence showing that
she whs a prociress for bad women and
was therefore .iable to arrest on the
charge of felony.
The Treasury Department asked Col
lector Jackson to report the facts in this
case, and he sent a letter exonerating
Meredith and stating that Inspector
Moore and a woman from the Chinese
mission had gone together to the District
Attorney and represented that this "poor
woman," Suey, should be released, as she
wanted to get back to friends and rela
tives in China, and that upon Moore's rep
resentations, backed up by a woman from
the Chinese mission, she was released.
The treasury officials believe that these
respective statements of Collector Jack
son and Major Moore may have created
some feeling between them, and they pre
fer that the investigation of Moore's con
duct be made by some party known to be
thoroughly impartial. It is believed that
an inspector who has not become involved
in these affairs and who is unbiased will
be sent to San Francisco from soiiip other
State. Mr. Wise will remain here for
several days J
A STAKE AND MATCH RACE.
Greatest Coursing Card of the Season
Arranged for Ingleside Park.
Great will be the sport at Ingleslde
Coursing Park on Saturday and Sunday
and doubtless great will be the crowd in
attendance.
An eighty dog stake is an inducement ,
which should attract sportsmen from j
afar, and as the longtalls are all of the
highest of blood strains the coursing
should be particularly good.
Apart from the stake, lovers of the
grand old sport will have an opportunity
of seeing the two champion coursers of |
the State decide in a contest, best two .
in three courses, which is entitled to the
honor of b.-lng called the champion grey
hound of California. |
Tli dogs referred to are Lowe &
Thompson's Piitria and J. Deane's Moon
dyne The consideration is $500, and the
betting Is 10 to 8 In favor of Moondyne.
Beveral hundred dollars has already
been placed at the figures stated.
The lirst course will be held after the
flint round of the stake; the second after
luncheon, and the third, if necessary,
after the second round of the stake.
The result of the drawing of the non
wlnners' stake, the rundown of which
will be held to-morrow, is as follows:
J Fnrleys Mystic vb. M. Michallk's. Fire
ball; J. Farley's Tullauinre vs. A. Massey s
llattel; I. ODonnell's Counterfeit vs. J.
« n '..imell's Las Palmas; Eclipse Kennels
Diana vs. T. McNeil's Mamer Glenklrk; T.
V Logan's Miss Grizzle vs. D. Hooper s Bend
alon»c; K. lirown's Alma va. Russell & Wilson s
Lady Hernchel: H. Spring's Fat Malloy vb.
1' J U Henna's Rocklln Belle: J. Murnane s
Flashlight v*. Dillon & Reilly's Revolver; D.
Kaher's HMle of Moscow vs. G. Reddys lier
nice; F. Moran's Snapshot vs. F. A. MrComb's
Rush o' Hill; D. H«aly's Matchless vs. W. O.
Klmer's Fair Florence; T. McNeil's. Sportsman
vs. Captain flurkaon's Lady Jane; J. Quane's
Thad Stevens vs. P. J. G. Kenna's Jesse
Moore; H. Spring's Willful vs. Pembroke Ken
nels' Sylvanus; T. Cronln's MalU" of Hall vs.
Eclipse Kennels' Klllarney Lnss: J. Perry's
Naval Cailet vs. J. H. PerißOs Wayfarer; J.
P. Thrift'B Brutus vs. T. Cronin nominates
Florence N; S. E. Portal's Laurelwood vs. J.
Sheehan nominates Palmer Hill; Dr. J.
Welch nominates Statesman vs. Pembroke
Kennels' Termna; \V. Dalton's Decency vf. H.
A. Deokelmans Pet Kirby; D. Hooper nom
inates Prince of Fashion vs. T. Sullivan's
Maid of Hill; G. Smart's Sllkwood vs. M.
Michallk's Pacific Queen; Eclipse Kennels'
Musterplece vs. J. Perry's Commodore Nash;
Prmtiroke Kennels' Magic vs. P. Brophy's
Armagh Lass; Ford & Duffy's Trink vb. J.
Quane's Marietta; Larkey & Rnrk's Van
Needa vs. P. J. G. Kenna's Mlra Monte; Dillon
& Rellly'B Get There vs. I. L. Sears' Beauty;
F. Moran's Bit of Fashion vs. Larkey & Rock's
Kmerald; I*we & Thompson's Qulekstltch vf.
S. E. Portal's Gallagher; C. Strehl's Skylark
vs. Russell & Wilson's Victor Queen; J. P.
Thrift's Forgive vs. P. Heran's Martha Wash
ington; P. J. G. Kenna's Fear Not vb. J. H.
Perißo's Belle Seward; J. O'Dowd's nominates
Mission Tip vp. M. Cook nominates Master Mc-
Gregor; J. O'Farrell's Lady Geraldlne vs. F.
Farning'H Babe Murphy; J. O'Dowd's Solerno
v«. Vina Kennels' Harkaway II; A. Merrll
nominates Depend On Me vs. Captain Clark
son's Kerry Gow; H. A. Deckelman's Prince
George vs. Gem Kennels' Sunburst; White
Earth Kennels' Mystic Maid vs. J. P. Thrift's
St. Michael: E. Wilson nominates Magnet vs.
M. Allen's Miss Alice; G. L.atuss»n's Preelta
Girl vs. J. Murnane nominates Wolfe Tone.
The purse, $800, will be divided in this
! wise: First $100. second $70, third $50,
j two of $40 each, five of $30 each, ten of
I $20 each and twenty of $7 50 each. Cours
ing starts on Saturday .at 11 a. m. and
!10a.m. on Sunday. The Call's tips are:
; Fireball, Hattel, Las Palmas, Diana,
Bendalong, Lady Herschel, Rocklln Belle,
I Revolver, Bell of Moscow, Snapshot,
Matchless, Lady Jane, Thad Stevens, Syl
1 vanus. Maid of Bail, Wayfarer, Brutus,
Laurelwood, Terrona, Pet Kirby, Maid of
Hill, Silkwood. Masterpiece, Magic, Ma
rietta, Van Needa, Beauty, Bit of Fash
ion, Gallagher, Victor Queen, Forgive,
Belle Seward, Mission Tip, Babe Murphy,
Harkaway 11, Depend On Me, Prince
George, St. Michael, Magnet and Wolfe
Tone.
POLITICIAN AND WIFE.
Mym. Hecht's Ambition to Become a
Public Speaker Results Dis
astrously.
The suit recently instituted by Chris
tina Hecht, a female politician, for a di
vorce from her husband. Joseph A. Hecht,
was dismissed yesterday by Judge Heb
bard.
The Hechts w^re married In Bohemia in
IS6S and have four children. In nor com
plaint Mrs. Hecht alleges that her hus
band has failed to contribute to lier sup
port for the past thirty months and that
during that period he also treated her
with extreme cruelty. Hecht joined the
■ issues by tiling a cross-complaint in which
he charged his wife with cruelty and de
sertion. The case came up f"i* hearing
yesterday morning and Hecht testified
that his" wife's advent Into politics bad
broken up their home.
"After my wife took to attending lec
tures and making speeches on bf halt of
the Socialist Labor Party." he said, "she
had no time to cook for me and the chil
dren " A letter was produced showing that
Mrs Hecht had advised her husband to
sue for a divorce. She admitted having
written the letter and In consequence the
' suit was ordered dismissed. Mrs. Hecht
i was a candidate for School Director on
! the Socialist Labor ticket at the recent
election, and in conclusion it may be
i stated that she was defeated.
Inn 11. C'oolbrfth and (Iscnr Well
! liavc i\rlttrn the wonls and mnnic
of a beautifnl < lirlstnui* nong for
■ the i lirlsiniiis edition of The Call,
| ont next Sunday. December IS.
SIXTH BEGIMENT OUT.
The First Detachment of the New
York Troops Ordered Home
for Discharge.
Yesterday the Sixth California Regi
ment, United States Volunteers, after
mustering in months ago for active serv
ice was mustered out of a service that
was anything but active.' Like the Sev
enth, they waited in vain fnr the trans
ports that never came, and so they were
bidder to pack up and fro home.
The Sixth consisted of eight companies"
from the San Jnaquin Valley, under the
command of Lieutenant Colonel Johnston,
and during their enforced stay here they
conducted themselves in an orderly, sol
dierly manner, and though extremely de
sirous of going to the front, did not com- j
plain of the rather inglorious duty of
guarding the sleeping guns around the
Presidio. The members of the regiment
were paid off in full, discharged and fur
nished transportation home.
The first detachment of the New York
troops, including the companies which
lately returned from Honolulu, are now
homeward bound, having left for the l^m- i
pire State yesterday morning, t'pon the
arrival of the transport Scandia from the
Hawaiian Islands in a few days with the
rest of the New York companies thoy
will also be ordered home.
LATE SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 15.
Bark Coloma. Jensen, 10 days from Tacoma.
Ur shin Flintshire, Jones, 131 days from
Swansea.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 16— Stmr Kaiser
Wilhelm 11, from Genoa; stmr Germanic, from
Liverpool. . , . ,
BREMEN— Arrived. Dec Stmr Wlllehad
from Baltimore.
NAPLES— SaiIed Dec 15— Stmr Victoria, for
New York. -
LONDON— Dec Stmr Manitou, for
New York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed Dec 15— Stmr Spaarn
dam, for New York. •
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner et Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the *-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
"87 Hayes street; open until E:3O o'clock.
621 McAllister street; »>pen until 9:30 o'clock.
61S Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh Etreet; open until 3 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
•treats; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
GODFREY DE ST. OMAR Coun- tHP
ell No. 1. Knights Kadosh— Reg- si 9|. Of
ulur meeting THIS (FRIDAY) >S«SwHfll
EVENING, December 16. at 7:30 «■■«■■
o'clock. D. 30. ' I=^l^^
GEO. J. HOBB, Recorder. riSL
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. .=.
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont- ( mj*
gomery — Regular assembly THIS {Fj
(FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Ibjl
Order of Red Cross. All fraters are W
cordially invited.
SIR JOHN P. FRASER. Em. Com.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- v Sy&i.
donian Club THIS EVENING, at A, Q#J
8 o'clock. Tickets for the ban- SSkXJ^c
quet will be distributed. .Scottish '*s£7*
Hall. 11l Larkin st. - JOHN REID, Chief.
J.\s. 11. DUNCAN, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
THE NEVADA NATIONAL BANK OF SAN
FRANCISCO, Cal., will be held at its ba/.it-
ing house. No. 301 Montgomery st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on TUESDAY, January 10, 1899,
at 3:15 o'clock p. m., for the election of di-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
D. B. DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, December 9. IS9B.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d St.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 62 (50 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will be payable at the office of
the company, 327 Market st, on and after
Tuesday, Dec. 20. low. Transfer books will
close on Wednesday Dec. 11. IS9S, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS W ANTED— FEHALU.
FIRST-CLASS superior cook with the best of
reference desires a situation. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter St.
COLORED girl for housework, 2 in family; $20;
sleep home. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
6UPERIOR German cook desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman, a place
as cook on ranch; short distance In country;
wages $20. Address or call A. SULLIVAN,
Utah St., bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
SITUATION wanted by a girl direct from the
East to do chamberwork and sewing or sew-
ing and take care of a child. Call 3."4 O'Far-
rell st
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
lady or to assist morning and evening for
room and board. Box 450. Call office.
WANTED By a young lady, position In store,
office, bakery or bookbinder}'- Call or address
471 Tehama st. ■
GERMAN girl (lately arrived) wishes position
In small family. Call between 2 and 4 or
after 7 p. m., 4QS Thirteenth st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position taking
care of child or any kind of light work no
wages required. Box 412, Call office. Oakland.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress; children's
dresses especially; good fitter; 75c a day. Box
730, Call. .
RESPECTABLE young woman with a child
wishes a place as working housekeeper. Ad-
dress box 729, Call.
WANTED— Situation by woman; Is a good
cook: no objection to going into country. 618
Flllmore st.
WANTED— By a young woman, position aa
wet nurse; best of references. Box 510. Call.
YOUNG girl wants work upstairs and to as-
sist with children. 2118 L&rXln st, nr. Green.
WANTED— Position' as nurse to invalid or
children. H. JONES, l. r .33 Valencia. '
RESPONSIBLE young woman would like a
position of trust in office, establishment or
private correspondent or companion to Invalid
lady; is a good penman; situation must be In
Sonoma County. Address by letter only. MISS
DELL A M.; Petaluma, Sonoma County, Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation as
cook; is a good first-class French cook; city
or country: best of references. Address box
733. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes to take care of a baby
at home; charges reasonable. 207 Clara st.,
between Fifth and Sixth.
WOMAN would like plain sewing or mending
at home or would do any kind of work by the
day. Call or address MRS. E.. SWA Mission.
FIRST-CLASS jacket finisher wants steady
work. ' Address 351 C Minna St. ' -- • ■ —
WANTED, by middle-aged Swedish woman,
good plain cooking, small family, or cham-
ber work; "no washing. Address 5358 Natoma
Bt. ; no postals answered.
YOUNG German woman wishes situation aa
housekeeper. 28 Randall place, off Sixteenth,
near Valencia. - ':'■"'• '
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, position aa
seamstress with dressmaker; would be gener-
ally useful; small remuneration. / "-ess for
one week, box 436. Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for *1 50, postage
paid.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
FOR good cooks, stewards, waiters, dishwash-
ers or any other hotel or restaurant help
send orders to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623
Sacramento st
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AuKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant Jb.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414*4 O'Farrell St. : tel, East 42«.
RESPECTABLE, middle-aged man. sober and
reliable, for all Indoor work; good waiter; $20
In small family, good reference. JOHN, 830
Geary st, room 6.
COLORED man and wife want places as cooks
in a hotel. Call at 1608 Leavenworth st.
BY married man; proficient dairyman; under-
stands care of fine stock and farming and
good engineer, or would take care of gentle-
man's place. Box 964, Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG German wishes position to take care
of garden and all-around work for a private
family; willing and obliging. Address 3121
Sixteenth st, near. Valencia,
YOUNG man. 6 years in last place, wishes sit-
uation to do sorter work or drive a team;
has good 6 years' reference. Address 3121
Sixteenth st, mar Valencia.
MILK wagon driver, age 23; thoroughly com-
petent: year's experience on double team;
night route preferred; references. C.. care
2626 Mission St.
SOBER young man would like a job driving
team or any kind of work; city or country.
Address 'or call LSI Minna st.
BY middle-aged man to work about place or
drive wagon; sober; wages moderate. Box
MKA, Call office.
EXPERIENCED bartender from the East de-
sires position; has good references. Address
box 736. Call. v% ■
ATTENDANT young man wants position as
such and be generally useful. Box 517, Call.
POSITION— First-class city driver: has thor-
ough knowledge of streets. Box 73?, Call. •
POSITION by a first-class coachman; best of
reference. Box 742, Call.
COMPETENT machinist with mining experi-
ence, sober and reliable, would hear from
party In need of his services. E. N., 330 6th.
YOUNG man desires position as driver of
bakery wagon; best of city references. Call
or address 802 Larkln st.
BOOKKEEPER open for engagement at once;
Al references. E. H. M., 947 Poplar St., Oak-
land.
EXPERIENCED German gardener and coach-
man, age 33. desires situation; city or coun-
try. Address box 501, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; SCO rooms: 25c to $160 nlsht; $150 to IS
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from fern.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
RANCH cooks, $20; girls for housework and
cooking. country places. MURRAY & '
READY, 634-636 Clay et. Mlj "« A i *
RANCH cook. Gilroy. $20, fare paid; house-
work girl. Sonora, $20. no wash'; 10 house-
work girls, city, $10 to $23. MISS.CULLEN.
325 J hutt st .
NEAT girl companion and light housework.
$10. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
MISS ( l LLEN, 325 Sntter st.
LAUNDRESS, $25; 2 waitresses, $20 each- Ger-
man chambermaid and waitress, $20. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
N £ A ' T girl, assist light housework. $12. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child, ranch, $10. MISS CUL-
LEX, 325 Sutter 6t
MIDDLE-AGED woman for 2 months,' country,
$10 per month; fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 3 5
Sutler et. '
2 SECOND girls. $20 and $25.- " MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st. : ... ■ . H
COLORED girl as working housekeeper. $20 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
GIRL for light housework. MRS. B. SCHLAX-
KER. 1708 Devlsadero st. '
YOUNG girl to do general housework; wagce
I 111) per month. Apply at 208 San Jose aye.HELP WAN' ED— Continued.
6 CHAMBERMAIDS for Southern California
mli i ,v, u ? ry 10 ' * 20; 3 waitresses for commer-
rn.L ■'' countr >". to start 26th. $25; 3 wait-
wnff 'to C n y o a . ncl ?° try, $20; chambermaid to
r ■ hav^.U 11111 ' 1 ' stresses, X5O week. C,
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CO £ K small family, c; $25; —girl, coun-
lii.' EX' . ranch rook, $20; 25 girls for cook-
ing and housework, city and country, $15 to
H\j n *b at oV? Un S ss econd. cond girt. HE. C. R. HAN-
—-____■ lv * Geary st.
SCANDINAVIAN cook nnd second girl, small
private family, country. $30 fare paid, see
Party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.; 104
Gl £h for housework, American family, $23; 3
nSn $ f'' : waitress and Parlormaid, $20:2 se-
c^ f B lrl L $15 and $20; German maid and
sewing. 120; laundress and chambermaid. $25;
waitress, mining camp. $20; 3 waitresses and
be^Srli^ * 15 and $:,, 'and a large num-
F CRO^rTTArT kn f and housework. J.
t. IKUMVTT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
G ' R o I -cl f ock 11 at ht 4W 00 A Se v,K 0r1 '- Call betWf? en 8 and
* •.__?_? at "" Ashbury St., near Oak.
AV^T E . D ~ Go<^ waltreTP. 129 Fourth st.; ap-
ply between 8 and 9 o'clock.
PROTESTANT~gi7I"7or' housework. 17A Co-
_""" Folsom. 6th & 7th.
GIRL tor genera] housework. Apply at 2631
fe Howard st.
WANT] experienced girls at dressmaking-
good wages. 1511 Golden Gnte aye.
YOUNG girl for shooting gallery; good wages
429 Dupunt St.. In store. *
YOUNG girl for light housework; must sleeD
home. FRANCES. 704 Sutter st. P
NEAT, reliable girl, general housework 1171
O'Farrell st.. near Octavia.
rOl Mi Kirl t.nke. care of baby, light house -
■ ' S l nouse -
WANTED- 3 first-class Ironers. Sun Laundry
Nineteenth and Telegraph. Oakland. * u " ury »
NEAT German or Danish RirTtVasslat in gen-
i work; g..x.d aCe for right party. 427
___i______|^iS?,g B cloaksT-A7H:
jggggTiSll^ 9 -. 513 Taylor^
G isp- Want for general housework. Apply
*22S Ciay St., corner Buchanan.
L eAfi N ir ! B at KEIST^ TAILORING
<-UL.Lfc.Gfc.; lessons $1 per week. 426 Geary.
LEARN dressmnklng and millinery; positions
free; patterns. 2'g up. McDowell's. 103 Post.
HELP WAXTEU-MAI.K.
MTRhay RBADf. Qe" Main 684^
_ Leading employment and labor agents,
Want to-day.
; orange packers
Farmer and wife $40 ' an d"found
20 woodchoppers II a nd 70c cord
16 tiemakers v. , r ,,. and 10c each
4 woodchoppers, cut 2 ft. wood for large
ruining company, $1 75 cord.
MURRAY & READY,
, R34-6315 Clay st.
COOKS wanted— Short order cook, $10 week
and found: 6 cooks. $40. $35 and $30; cook for
few men, ranch, $10 and found; waiters, dish-
washers, etc.
MURRAY & READY,
; 6Z4-C36 Clay St.
WANTED— Steady man; l!ght, genteel work; '
must be satisfied with $15 per week and have
email capital. 23S Kearny Et., room 7.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday at 109%
East st.
SALESMAN for our clothing department.
Jonas thing Co.. 1063 Broadway. Oakland.
ELEVATOR boy. BAY STATE RESTAU-
RANT. Vi Stockton st.
WANTED— Bootblack in barber shoo 202
Fourth st.
WANTED— Man with small capital to take
charge of shoe repairing shop. 418 Larkin St.
WANTED— Good plan i and violin player. 715V4
i Howard ; it.", after 12 in.
WANTED— A good dishwasher; call early 126
Ninth st.
TO go to-day— pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from "5c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged, 4 price. 562 Mission
St., bet. First and t-eeond sts. Open Sundays.
FIRST-CLAPS cabinet maker and boy to learn
a trade. FINK & SCHINDLER. 1309 Market.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Rrno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third at.; 150 large
rooms. 25c per gi.t 51 to S3 per week.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men b.-tTv.?en the age* of 21 and .10 I
years, who are citizens of the United States, ■
or those who have legally declared their in- j
tent to become such; must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and |
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches i
and 6 feet in height. For further Information '
apply at the Recruitlcgr Office, -40 Ellis St.,
fc'an Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission
St.. men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. : <S ;
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms. 1542
Market st.
MEN nd women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 13S'4 Eighth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FCCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
TRY Lindell House, Sixth and Howard sts. ;
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms.; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, l"c. Me, 23c per night; 73c. $1
to $2 M per wk. Elcho House, MSH Market st.
SAILORS, ordinary men, carpenters coast.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Stuart.
BARBFRS 1 Progressive Union; free employ,
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. :04 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED- I collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutier st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 604 Da' } ft., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 221 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 9"7 MarVcet st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms. 2r,c night; reading room; free
*bup .— l,uT!i:- to nnd from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
LADIES to sell "Ladle?' Friend*; half profit:
no capital required. 1125 Market Ft., room 2.
PARTNERS WANTED.
FOR cut flower nursery, competent gardener to
work on shares; terms liberal; references re-
qulred. H- x 745. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOTTNG man wants bedroom in Catholic fam-
ily: use of piano few hours in the evening.
Address box Er.2. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED, for cash— A good upright or square
piano. Room 12. Flood building.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER * GAPSELL. '■: Post st
~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
lns.telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering, suh-
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 189?: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st. ; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, 'win*, book-
keeping telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc: life scholarship. *;0; low rates
T>er week and month. ■
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
inir mech survey. sssay, archit.: day A- eve.;
St 1664. VAN PER SAIL-EN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION & oratory; F. C. Caldwell : 16 yrs"
experience. Emma Spreckcls " Idg. 927 Market.
INSTRUCTION Violin, piano, cornet, mando-
l»nT"tcT THE MISSES LANE. 8041 24th St.
HAM FRANCISCO Business College. 123« Mar-
ket rt.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
tiuight: short time. Tarr. 172 Parrntt bidt;.
ATTORN E YS~ AT L AAV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty-at-law, 8.'." Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free- no chnrga unless) successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
ADVICE free; divorce laws; private. J. B.
EVANS. 14 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
ALL private law cases, bankruptcy, collection,
free advice; open evgs.Atty McCabe, 103 Larkin.
ADVICE free— "W P. ADAMS, CO7 Emma ,
Fpreckels b1dg.. 927 Market: charges moderate.
L S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg:.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free: no fees In advance.
ELEVENTH. 1O«— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
~ HORSES.
•0 HORSES of ever/ description at Emporium
Ealesyards, 220 Valencia St., bet. Thirteenth
and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness. etc.. at your own price.
«0 HORSES for tale; also wagons, burgles,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket J27 Sixth; auction sales every Wedne»-
day SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
TO LEASE.
FURNISHED In Benlcla; 2 minutes'
walk to Baker & Hamilton's Agricultural
Works. Apply American Hotel, Benicia, Cal. |
HUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S4OOO— HOUSE of 4 rooms, store with stock
of groceries, liquors, etc.; lot 29x127:6; best
location on Mission St.; death of owner cause
of genuine bargain. WILKE _ UNFUG. UO6
Market st.
A— SI2OO— COAL and wood yard; established
many years: doing good business; horses and :
wagons;, rent $25; death of owner cause of
sale; genuine good Investment. Call WILKE
& UNFUG. MM Market Bt.
A— SSOO— COUNTRY resort; Santa Clara County;
fine bar room; 2 parlors; 7 bed rooms; large
grounds; horse and buggy; stock of liquors;
first-class paying establishment; owner to
leave for East; a bargain. Particulars
WILKE i INK KG. 906 Market st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar; established
years; doing good-paying business; death of
owner cause of sale; 4 living rooms; rent $45.
WILKE _ UNFUQ. 906 Market et.
A— s3oo- SALOON near R. R. depot; net rent
only $14; card and private rooms; the biggest
bargain In the market. WILKE _ UNFUG,
906 Market St.
$700— DELICACY and grocery store on EL J
11* St.; 5 living rooms: rent $25: doing a good
paying business; owner to leave for New
York. WILKE & UNFUG, 906 Market st.
A— S6SO— COFFEE saloon close to Alcazar The-
ater; flrst-claes paying; rent $65: partners
can't agree. WILKE & UNFUG, 806 Market.
$125— CORNER family liquor store; north of
Market at.; must be sold on account of sick-
ness. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$2250— CORNER saloon north of Market St.;
building with 6 rooms included: present owner
20 years in same place. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$300— RESTAURANT between shops and fac-
tory; six living rooms; rent only $25. M.
LESS. TBB Market st.
$1000— SALOON In good country town; build-
Ing .and lot included; living rooms; owner
has other business; can be seen in city. Ap-
ply M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$225— SALOON, vicinity Third and Mission sts.:
3 living rooms: rent $22 50; business is O. K.
Do you want a bargain? Can you tell one
when you see it? M. LESS, 765 Market st.
TO buy or cell, any kind of business, partners
procured, lodging houses a specialty; collec-
tions made. WEHNER & HANDLE, IOJTVi
Market st.
$125— CIGAR STORE on Market St. : $300. corner
saloon, must sell. WEHNER & HANDLE,
1027 M. Market St.
$300— PARTNER in asphaltum and roofing
business; Inside or outside work; guarantee
$76 a month; references given. 1027V4 Market.
$250— EXPRESS business; steady trade from
stores; trial given. Inquire 1027H Market St.,
room 2.
$350— RESTAURANT; centrally located; good
and steady cash trade; suitable for man and
wife; cheap rent. Call 1027V4 Market st.
A— CIGAR STANDS, $150, $200; fine locations;
good trad:>; bargains. S. H. GOULD _ CO.,
632 Market St.
BARGAIN in saloon; good location; fine trade;
death compels • Immediate sale; do not fall
to Investigate. S. H. GOULD _ CO.. 632
Market st.
$500— GROCERY and bar; nicely fitted up; fine
corner; splendid trade; sickness compels quick
sale; bargain. S. H. GOULD _ CO., 632
Market St.
$300— GROCERY store; north of Market et;
liquors by the bottle: stock worth the money.
Mclaughlin & CO., 777 Market st.
$325— CANDY and Ice cream parlor and deli-
cacy store; a bargain on account of departure.
Mclaughlin _ co., 777 Market.
$7fO— WOOD, coal, hay and grajn and coal-
011 route; great sacrifice, on account of sick- j
ness in family. McLaughlln, 777 Market st.
A— s2oo; brar.ch bakery and notions; $10dally;no
competition; rooms. Kredo & Co., 2-' 3 Geary.
A s3oo; cor. grocery and bar; fine stocK and fix-
tures; bargain. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
A— Jl75: cigar stand; $10 to $12 daily: value In i
stock; must sell. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary. I
$100— PARTNER wanted In exclusive business;
$12 to $18 a week each. WESTERN" INVEST-
MENT CO.. 9 Geary St.
$400— PARTNER wanted In light business,
where the services of plain, steady man are
preferred to hired help: business long estab-
lished and too much for one man; no expe-
rience required: trial given; $1S to $30 a week
each. Western Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
$200— DELICACY branch bakery, notions: one
nicest littla places In city, doing fine business; j
I 3 living rooms. JONES, 865 Market st. j
I — CANDY store, factory and Ice cream par- j
. lors; the best town In State; will teach the
buyer the business. H. C. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
MEN and women wanted In every town and
county to ssll a new toilet article. Address
M H. CARTWRIGHT, r. 709, 827 Market St.
A — We have buyers to invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
ttMO— MAIL route within fifty miles or Sacra-
mento; good stage line; sixty-five miles long;
three years' contract to responsible party.
GEO.A.POPPLETON.GoIdenWest Hotel. S.F.
FIRST-CLASS saloon, $2300, doing business
bet. $S3O and $900 monthly; best location in
city. Address box 509. Call.
$373— SALOON: 4 rooms; rent $20; offer wanted.
Capitol Liquor Store. 269 Third Bt.
FINE cignr Btore; selling account of departure.
Apply Call Bee.
OLD stand; good trade; express wagon; two
horses. 333 Hayes st.
TWO first-class restaurants and coffee sa-
loons for sale; sell one or both. Inquire of
the proprietor at 315 Bush st.
CORNER butcher shop: cash business $25 dally;
cheap; no agents. 225 Fourth st., room 12.
BARBERS, Investigate good shop In Oakland.
Address box 1952, Call office, Oakland.
RESTAURANT for sale; splendid location. Ap-
ply at once, box 519. Call office.
PARTNER with some means by expert wine
man for opening neat, respectable wine
room with family trade. Box 618, Call office.
BARBER First-class two-chair 15c shop,
completely furnished rooms in rear; sickness.
Address box 1937, Call office.
GOOD paying grocery and bar In Mission; rea-
sonable. Inquire 1009 Mission st.
SHOE shop; doing fine business: good loca-
tion; cheap rent; reasonable. 332 Bush st.
WELL-EQUIPPED boarding and livery stable;
barn full; reason for selling sickness; must
sell before winter: 3S boarders; 20 livery and t
work horses; buggies; surries: carriage; |
double and single harness; all thAt a good
stable requires. Address box 377, Call Office.
BAKERY and restaurant; would take partner;
good location: close to Market st. ; all store
trade; in good running order; long lease; good
reason tor selling. Box 411, Call office.
GOOD corner *ry: only store; doing good
business; reason for selling, other business
In th« Ea?t. Apply Call office.
$300, MORE or less, grocery stock at invoice:
good locality: cheap rent; good reason for
selling: D. W. CORBIN. El Virago, Cal.
DRUG store, clean and complete stock and fix-
tures; in good location; Investigate at once;
chance for good physician. Box 1518, Call.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters:
rupplled as wanted at lowest prices. 107-lin
Bt-ale ft
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
II C. DECKER, i»- Market st., opp. Fifth.
26-room house; rent $50 ...$ 730 j
8-room ho*us£ to rent; furnished .".. '
fi-room flat! rent $22 230 i
14 rooms on Sutter st 430 |
82 rooms; reduced from $5000 to 2300 |
10 rooms; on Sutter st 250
24-room house; new house and furniture.. 850 I
8 rooms; new furniture; cost $550 200 |
12 rooms on Market St.; rent HO 450 j
10-room house; only 150
21 rooms; corner: clears $130 550
46-room house; oorner . 1200
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
MONEY LOANED ON ANY HOUSE. -
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO 22% Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses..
10 rooms; bay-window corner; transient. .s KOO
14 rooms; all bay-windows: a snap., 800
2:; rooms; Fifth St.; clears $75 600
105 rooms; best known house on coast 4000
And others. Call and get list. KREDO.
A— s2ooo; 54 rooms; best house in Oakland:
Clears $150 month: also 40-room house, Oak-
land. KREDO & CO.. 22Vs Geary st.
I860; HOUSE of 35 rooms; rent $50; op
Stockton st.; sickness In family cause of
great bargain. WILKE & UNFUG. 90C
Market st.
32-ROOM sunny corner house; rooms all rented;
sell at a fine bargain. 704 Howard St.. cor-
ner Third.
HOTEL, 26 rooms, hard finished: only $1100;
lot 75x150 ft.; furniture included; cheap at
$2000. Call at 256 Third St. . .
FURNISHED house of 8 rooms: all full; price
$80; cheap rent. 406 Mason st.
HOUSE of 12 rooms furnished for sale: cheap.
597 Ellis F.t.
r=r calipet cleaningl
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250. .
WHEN you become dlstgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 'A).
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. :
STRATTON'B, 3 Eighth St.; teL Jessie 944.
J~ E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
conk LIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. -
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. -.02 f-utter St.;
| tel. Main 331. GEO. WOL.COM, Proprietor. - -
THE SA:S FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 16, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET. j
A— Send for circular; houses to let all parts of
city. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
WE can rent you a house- with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
12-ROOM house; fine for renting rooms. 29 Oak
_6t.._nea,r_Market. Apply_at_ 15_Grant_ave.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COMPLETELY furnished rear cottage of 5
rooms and bath; rent $IS. Apply 1142 Post st.
PRETTY cor. cottage, 6 rooms and bath, beau-
tifully furnished, rent $27 50. GEORGE W.
H. PATTERSON. 1709 Market.
$15— COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath, basement; $15,
upper flat, 5 rooms, bath. Apply at 220 13th.
FLATS TO LET.
FELL, 611— Flat, 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; yard and basement; rent $15;
key 13 Fell.
MODERN flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $20.
I Apply 1642 Polk st.
RINCON Upper flat, 5 large sunny rooms,
bath; reasonable. Box 262, Call office.
SECOND, Flat, « sunny rooms, $14; also
sunny cottage.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery ft.
$12. $14. $17; FLATS, light and sunny: 4. 6 and
6 rooms. 2209 Geary st.
SUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms and
bathroom. 1633 Clay St.. corner Polk.
$20— SUNNY bay-window flats; 6 rooms and
bath. 1704 Washington at., near Polk.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 917— Very desirable connecting house-
keeping rooms; no children; private residence.
ELLIS, 633. corner Larkin— Bay-window alcove,
$14; with kitchen and gas stove. $20.
FIFTH. 322— Large sunny front bedroom and
kitchen; grate, water, sink, bath; private; $11.
Ft pom, 1136—3 sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent $12 50.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 large, sunny, well
, furnished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
stove; bath; free telephone.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Suite of 3
eunny unfurnished rooms, with gas range.
j HAMPTON place, off Folsom, bet. Second and
Third — Bay window; 3 rooms; yard; base-
ment; $11.
HOWARD, 1310— Front and back parlors: run-
ning water; bath; gas; $15; for light house-
keeping; also front bedroom, $4.
HOWARD, 20C6A. nr. Sixteenth— newly fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; bath: $8, $10.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Furnished sunny
front large housekeeping rooms, $7. $8 to $9.
KEARNY. 104— Front suite; two unfurnished
rooms. $10; three rooms, $15; reference.
KEARNY, near Sutter— Three unfurnished
front rooms for offices or housekeeping; gas
free; cheap rent. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARKIN. 433—2 rooms for housekeeping; rent
reasonable. ?
LARKIN.' 613—8 or 4 neat sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable to steady tenant.
MARKET. 1028— Large sunny front room and
kitchen; folding bed; closet: call after 6 p. m.
MINNA. 573. near Seventh— front room
and kitchen; veranda; complete; sunny.
1 MISSION, 1125H— Large front room furnished
for housekeeping; $8: other rooms.
MISSION, 1301— Corner room with grate, use
oil stove. $S; one, $4.
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Sunny front house-
keeping rooms; cheap; also single, 10c and 15c.
NINTH, 20. near Market— 2 sunny connecting
j rooms; stove, -water, gas, $10; front room, $S.
NINTH. 21— Suite of sunny rooms furnished for
light housekeeping: running water: stove.
OAK, 119—1 sunny room, furnished, $6; 1 front
room, complete for housekeeping.
OAK. 48— Sunny furn!?h!*l rooms: housekeeping
if desired; gas. bath; private family. .
OAK GROVE aye., 17 l a — 2 large sunny un-
furnished rooms.
SCOTT, 1614— First floor of 3 unfurnished
rooms; bath: garden: $16; adults only.
I SECOND, — To let: furnished front rooms,
single and double. in a private house; fur-
niture in perfect order; reasonable . prices;
new proprietor.
SIXTH, 21GV— 2 nice sunny front rooms for
light hkpg: also single; reasonable; quiet.
SIXTH. 420— Elegant furnished parlor suite;
also housekeeping rooms complete; reasonable.
8 AND 2 large unfurnished rooms; cellar and
yard; cheap. Inquire 681 Sixth st.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, complete
for housekeeping: 2 folding beds: 1 in kitchen
and 1 in bedroom, with suite to match; furni-
ture all new; $11 per month; suitable for 3 or
4 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission
St., between First and Second sts.
TURK. 20—2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap.
THIRD, 309 — Large sunny front room, nicely
furnished for housekeeping; other rms. cheap.
THIRD, 340— Sunny room, complete for house-
keeping; rent $6; single room. $4.
TWELFTH. 40, near — Large sunny
front suite for housekeeping or single; $6.
___________
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny rt.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or tingle; frst-clas»
In every respect, terms reasonable,
BALBOA, The. 1049 A Market— hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited: elev'tntel.
BOHEMIA— Post— Sunny suites and single;
all conveniences; gentlemen or families; ele-
vator; references given.
BRUNSWICK— I4B Sixth st.. corner Howard—
rooms en suite or single, 25c to $1 a. night;
$1 25 to $5 week; open all night; Howard-st.
cars pass house direct from all trains.
CARROLLTON, 1206 Market, cor. olden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and if flees.
DELAWARE. 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. : $S. $10 mo.
EDDY. llS— Sunny pleasant furnished rooms;
central; very desirable; $6 per month upward.
j EDDY, 207— Nicely furnished single' rooms, $5;
| double, $7 upward; with gas and bath.
EDDY. 330, between Jones and Leavenworth—
Handsome parlor suite; also single rooms:
carpets and furniture entirely new; at rea-
sonable rent.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— Nlc« sunny suites
& »ing., $150, $6 wk. ; RCc, $1 day; tel. 81. 13G4.
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished sunny room; gas;
bath; private family; rent reasonable
FOLSOM. 776 Vi — neatly furnished room to
let; $4.
FOLSOM, 870 — Furnished rooms, sunny, for
housekeeping; reasonable.
GEARY. 428, "The Gage"— Elegant furnished,
en suite and single; hot and cold water; bath.
GEARY, 622— Large front sunny bay window
room; also others; hot and cold water.
GLOBE House. 821 Howard — i-er night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant eunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
i HANCOCK House, .781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 •er week.
; HASKELL. The, 121 Powell— New management:
cheap, neat, light, sunny rooms; transient.
I HOTEL FranclßCO, Turk and Taylor — Eleßaiit
! suites and single rms.; transient. Mrs. J.King.
HOWARD, &74— Sunny rooms cheap; or will
pell out cheap; good location.
HOWARD, 953 H. near Sixth— Newly furnished
sunny rooms; bath; $1 week up; quiet house.
MCALLISTER, 322— Nicely furnished sunny
room. gas. bath, private family, $10.
MCALLISTER, Newly furnished rooms;
gas: bath; grates; hot and cold water; rea-
sonable.
MCALLISTER, 635— Furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private; cheap to steady parties.
MCALLISTER. 623—2 furnished front rooms,
bath, gas, $6 and $5; private house.
MECHANICS'. HOUSE, 438 Fifth-Everything
new; rms.. single or suite, $1 wk. up; trans-
clent; bar In connection. F. W. Gardener, bro.
C. J. Gardener of Folsom and Rausch, prop.
MINNA, 28— Single and double, $1 and $1 75
week. ' ■■ - :U.v.V;
MISSION. 933 (Mint House)— Nice sunny fur-
nlched rooms; transient; new house; central.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day, week or month. .
O'FARRELL. 280 (Elwood House)— Nicely fur-
nished punny rooms; hot and cold water;
quiet; transient.
PIEDMONT House, 119 A 6th— Nicely furnished
sunny front rooms; double, single; first class.
POST, 909 — Newly furnished sunny rooms;
single and double; $5, $7. $8; private house.
SEVENTH, 179— New house, newly furnished;
I modern, sunny; single or suite;. I* to $20 mo.
I SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TYLOR. 109— Handsomely furnished suite; suit-
able for doctor's ' office, clairvoyant or mas-
sage parlors; transient solicited.
TAYLOR, 323— Nicely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single: bath. gas.
TURK, r.23— One single furnished room, $5; one
unfurnished. " ■ ' • J
r_.V. ROOMS AND BOARD. . . !
FIRST, 415— Swedish private boarding, with j
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
HOTEL Fairmount. 1714 Market— Elegant new i
furniture; first class in every respect; table '
unsurpassed; hot and cold water: elevator;
suites, with board for 2. $50 a month up.
HOWARD. Large sunny rm.. grate, large
closet, with board, for 2 young men; $35.
PARK House, Twenty-fourth and Mission-
Board and lodging. $4 50 and $.'; rooms, $1 25
up: board without room. $3 50. .
IRVING, 1070 Valencia— Large sunny front al-
cove room. ' ' -
O'FARRELL, 742— Sunny single rm.: also sunny
parlor for 3 gentlemen; home comforts; piano.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board* loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.
VAN NESS, 400— Large sunny room with board j
for two; separate beds; very cheap.
VAN NESS aye., 51?— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TURK, 524 — Wanted children or Infants to
board; Ger, fam.: good home; mother's care.
STORES TO LET.
GROCERY and bar to let. Northwest corner
Eighth and Natoma sts.; living rooms.
STORE; 3 sunny living rooms; rent $12 50. 310
Flllmore St., corner Halght. i
$9 AND $10; 2 stores, with living room. 339 Noe
St., near Market: stable If desired.
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.—
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
DOCTOR'S office, parlor and bedroom; rent
$30. 700 Broadway, corner of Stockton.
MISSION, 858 — Suitable for physician; occu-
pied by such formerly.
STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, 4 stalls or more If desired; $11 per
month. 415 First st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AT^Tf^PERMONTH^INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD.
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos.
Heine upright $295 00
Btelnway upright 187 50
Chlckering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright.... ; 115 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up; buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
Office of
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO., .
136 Ellis st., Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.,
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets., San ■ Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 80 O'Forrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms ea«>y; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
Is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise;
call and get our prices. ; ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
A STEINWAY, $173; Steck. $150; Estey. $225;
Fischer. $250: Weber, $200: easy payments;
pianos rented $1 ,">0 up: rent allowed on.pur-
chase. Braenn's Piano House. 204 Post st.
FINE Hazelton, Fischer, Newton. Dewing
Bros, and others at snap prices, Friday and
Saturday. Room 12, Flood building.
WM. G. BADGER. 415 Sacramento st., agent
for celebrated pianos of Francis Bacon of New
York and Hallet & Davis Co., Boston.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order: a bargain. Spencer's
Piano Warerooms, ISIS Market St.
BENJ. Ct RTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
erlng. Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
GOOD Hazelton piano cheap for cash. Room
10. Flood building.
A FINE bargain; Weber upright, only $60. 216
Post st.
A FINE Btelnway and new Chick"r!ne: upright
sacrificed. KEEFFE'S._ 1019 Van Ness aye.
$130— FINE Steinway; great bargain, SCHMITZ,
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernia T!ank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. SOS Post st.
HAINES Brno.' and other flrst-clnns pianos- at
reduced prices.' ■ W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post. 1
NEARLY new upright piano cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 186 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MITLLER. mnker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-band machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
CLUSTER diamond marquise ring for $65; cost
$150. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. .
PICTURE framing with glas«>. now cheaper
than ever; 7x9 Inches. 10c: 10x12. 15c; 12x18,
!Pc: 14x17. ?r-c; 16x20. 30c; 18x22, 35c; 20x24. 45c:
22x2K. 60c; curtain poles complete, with wood
or brass trimmings. 15c; room molding, all
colon, lc per foot; colored pictures, studies,
etc.. 3 for 10c. JONIJS. 547 Mission St.. be-
tween First and Second; open evenings,
COST $1200; diamond solitalr* earrings; price
$380.
Cost $960; diamond crescent, 69 stones; price
$480.
3 diamond rings, $130, 90 and $65.
New Arlington. 1015 Market st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures: new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
FOURTEEN nice Shetland ponies for sale at
J. D. KORAN'S Stock Yard, corner Tenth
and Bryant sts. ; among them are several
nicely mated teams and ponies, suitable for
saddle.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. H. L. WHITE, 618 Mission st. ,
SAFES— Hermann Safe Co. moved to 417-
423 Sacramento st. ,-;';/•',".".
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer Becond-hnnd
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES — Bargains In new and second-hand: nil
fires; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
PETALUMA and Stockton incubator: 300 and
240 eggs: brooder; $40 outfit. 2805 Folsom st. •
40,000 FEET redwood boards; second-hand lum-
ber. Ist and Jessie. Yard 15th and Valencia.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p., $100; 2 h. p.. $125;
3 h. p., $150; 4 hp., 1175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
SIX ho-sepower Zenith gas engine: nearly new.
Cal. Belt Co.. 519 Mission; tel. Br. 331.
ONE and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap.
HUFSCHMTDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
DENTISTS. "-"" ~
A METAL plate for the tame price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth. $6; croT.ns. S3; fill-
ings, 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation .free.
Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
Mason sts. ', Entrance 8 Mason st.
A FULL set of teeth. $6; see- new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plate*, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; frowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth Bt. ;, telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracts or fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns $2, bridges $4; rub-
ber or flexible plates $3; received 8 first prizes;
no students; guarantee 12 years.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, Jl up; silver, 250
up; bridge work; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists. ?69 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors: full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to Etand; open evenings.
997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 . Market at., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work und fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given. ■
PARIS D#ntal Parlors. 235 Kearny; set of teeth,
$4; filling, gold. ROc; silver, 25c; crowns. $3.
THE Esmond dental parlors, 43 — Crown and
bridge work specialists; crowns $3; est. IB ym.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. PR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
SEWING MACHINES. "
$2 MONTHLY,, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C.C. O'Donnell, office
and residence, 1021% Market, bet.' 6th and 7th.
PERSONALS.
IF Miss Fair, formerly at 1 Fifth st., room
27, will call at 821 Howard St., room 40, she
will ■ hear of something to her . advantage. ;
JOSEPH GREVEN, instructor of many now
celebrated singers, will open by request two
classes, each with about 10 pupils, beginning
January, being impossible to receive the many
applicants for single lessons; classes, month-
ly %2, ensemble and single treatment; only
those enlisting ■ before Christmas accepted.
Rma, 121-122 Murphy bldg.. Jones and Market.
THE Monarch Shoe Store, 1346 and 1348 Market
St., offers a better gr^de of shoes at less price
than any other dealer In town; call and see.
LEDERER' S QUINONIA— This celebrated Hair
Tonic Is a cure for Dandruff; 3oc bottle; try
It. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
THERE is but one Hairdresser in town. G.
LEDERER. 123 Stockton' St.. charges but 25c.
LEDERER' S Foamo. best shampoo, 5c pkg. ;
switches, $1 up; curls, 45c pr.; Sund., 9 to 12.
LIA.DIES only; "Ladies' Friend"; advice.ra.es
and sample free. 1126 Market St., room 2.
CLOTHING, especially ladles' and children's;
highest price; postal. H. Fabian, 1020 Folsom.
STAMP Albums, best Christmas present: stamps
bought. W. Sellschopp & Co.. 118 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 rooms;
Isc to $160 per night; $150 to . $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHRISTMAS Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO.. 313 Butter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory, 1550-1554 Market st.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Keamy.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS 'to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
LATEST^styledresses made, $5 to $6: dresses
made over. 3 Eddy St., rooms 14 and 15. .
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market; men and women teachers.
SPIRITUALISM.
attlsn^KonT~~ " ~ ' ~~"~*
MRS. DR. a. d. howe,
The celebrated medium, and clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees it all. tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
Bhe never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you In mil of all that
you are Interested In; business, speculation,
love, marriage, divorce, tells of friends and
enemies, locates mines and buried treasures.
TO THE SICK ESPECIALLY
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diesases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whol» slope.
All correspondence sacredly confidential.
Treatment and consultation by mail always
satisfactory and most successful. Address or
call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1104 Market St.. S. F.. The Vendome.
DR. M. MUEHLENBRUCH. the prophetic seer
and psychometrist. box 118, Oakland, Cal.,
diagnoses disease by mall without symptoms
required, from lock of hair; 6 2-cent stamps;
rock from mines read, $2 50; life readings by
mall, $2 £0.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. 409 Leavenworth St.
BUSINESS medium and palmist; readings 25c
this week; satisfaction guaranteed. 254 1 * 6th.
MRS. ELLIS: test* to all; Tues.-Fri.. 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c: sittings $1.- 233 Valencia. st. ■
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— MRS. DR. F. CLARK..
• Permanently Located in San Francisco,
At 1023V4 Market Street.
Between Sixth and Seventh.
While entranced gives aid and advice which
will overcome your enemies, remove family
troubles, restore lost affections, make marriage
with the one you love no failure, remove Influ-
ence, bad habits, cures witchery, fits and long-
standing and mysterious diseases; will give cor-
rect Information on law suits, sickness, death,
divorces, absent friends, etc.
N. B. — Perfect satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
To MRS. DR. F. CLARK. 1023% Market st.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1169 Mission st.
Mis. Hoskins. tr. medium, rdgs daily, $1; cir-
cles Tues. eve., 25c. 322 S. Spring, Los Angeles.
MME. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first In her pro-
fession, has removed to 218 Stockton St.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; "6c. 148. Sixth, rm. 10.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 26c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's .picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
' ' PALMISTRY.
SCIENTIFIC palmistry. MRS. KATE BLAIR,
room 143. Phelan building; third floor.
MEDICAL.
ALL ladies will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk ft., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and
cafe cure <or all female diseases from what- '
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cases before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend: -home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 510 Eddy at., between
Hyde and Larkln. -
ALL cases of monthly irregularities restored
instantly (no matter, what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fall;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialists free and confidential. MRS.
Dl V\ >'ETH, 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. •M. Da vies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' pratclce; safe and quick cur* guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, ' home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no de-
lay; self-cur« sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market at.;
pills, $1; very strong, $2. '
ALL of Dr. Foulet'B capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively cafe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by mall
on receipt of price; consultation on all special
diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23 Grant
aye., S. F. A caution — Before purchasing
elsewhere - write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how longstanding;
every woman her own physician; safe and
sure; no medicine or instruments used; con-
sultation free: pills and capsules, $1; .cure $5.
By the well-known ladles' physician for 37
years. Call and see me for a safe cure. DR.'
POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A .TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from whatever
cause; no Instruments used; guaranteed cure
at office, $5; travelers helped instantly; hours
9 a. m. to 5 p.' m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122
Market st., bet. : Mason and Taylor. :■■■ ._■>
AILMENTS— In trouble see Drs. Good-
win free; reliable, safe and sure; cure in 24
hours guaranteed; any complaints: no instru-
ments; maternity home; best medical at-
tendance; cure, $5. ' Removed from 401 D Van
Ness to 1362 A. Mkt..bet. Jones & City Hall ay.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned spe-
cialist; all monthly Irregularities restored;
whatever cause; all cases relieved immedate-
ly; call or. write; confidential. 1023*4 Market.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.;
$160. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU-
RO MFG. CO.. 831 X at.. Sacramento. Cal.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden ' Gate
aye.; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland Cal.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant. ' sunny
home In confinement. 156 Second st. Tele-
phone Green 52. • ■.- ■ • '■--.'"■■'■■■
Bellevue Sanitarium— cared for during
confinement. 727 Bellevne aye.; Lns Angeles.
" TYPEWRITERS. ;';.^;^
ALL typewriters sold and rented, few partly
used for sale cheap; send fcr samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
I A HAMMOND. $25; Callgraph. $15; Yost, . $25;
I get samplo work. SCOTT, 333 Montgomery et.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR a select Christmas present — Charming
country seat, lot, adjacent to railroad depot;
adjoining D. O. Mills' tree-covered domains;
this side of Burlingame; climate exquisite;
water subjacent; fertile soil; to see is to
admire and desire it in the family. WITr-
LIAM BUTTERFIELD, room 2, Crocker bidg.
1650 WILL build 4-roonV bay-window cottage:
good material. GEO. M. SALSBURY. Build-
er. £21 X St.. Sunset district.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINsT^3"»O-acre tracts; level, rich val-
ley land; within 25 miles of Oakland; price
way down. Box 731, Call office.
$27.".C— 10 ACRES; 10 miles from Ban Rafael;
money loaned. SPECK & CO.. 602 Markat st.
TO rent— soo acres of grain and meadow land,
Marln Co. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
PROPERTY TO BXCHAJIOB.
TO exchange: 40 acres placer mineral land:
welt watered and timbered: good for agricul-
ture or gold. Box 10S3, Call office.
WHAT have you to exchange for 4 city lots,
small Ineumbrance, worth $2000? Box 514,
Cail office.
MONEY TO i.OAS.
LOANS cm furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIOHLY respectahle and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408. Parrott building.
LOANS to salaried people: no security except
name. New Era Loan Co., 1003H Broadway,
Oakland. Hours, 10 to S.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $2o up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6H per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLOAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
BORROW from the OUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason st., opp. Olympia Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianoe, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister Bt
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. 636 Market st.
$50 TO tf.0,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg:. ;
any proposition. Dtydeu, 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL.
NOTES discounted: loans negotiated. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. S2B Montgomery.
OAIOANnDVERTISEIiIENK
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
A BEAUTIFUL Horne — One of the neatest and
best built homes in Oakland; new; Just com-
pleted: must be sold immediately: 2-story, 7
rooms and bath: I large closets and pantry:
plumbing nickel-plated; roll-rlm bath tub:
cement steps and walk; gas fixtures and
shades in hous*; only 6 mlnut^p' walk from
broad gauge station; large lot; price $3-;00
complete; terms to suit; call at once and be
shown the house. Lake Shore Land Co., 1070
Broadway, Oakland.
ELMHUKST REAL ESTATE-
I HAVE a few special bargains In small acre-
age tracts; look them up at once, it will
pay you.
4 acres highly Improved.
6 acres highly Improved.
1 acre highly improved.
.'■'•'A few 1. 2 and 3 acre lots, unimproved,
choice land, well located, all within 5 min-
utes' walk of electric carp- take electric cars
to Elmhurst and see PITTOCK, real estate.
oppofltp powerhouse. Elmhurst.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
EQUITY of $2000 In Oakland house and lot; ex-
change for small Improved mountain ranch.
Box 1859. Call office.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. Unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, carpets; reasonable to responsible par-
ties. , . •
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good «nd chean. H. fCHELi*-
HA.AS' (lid »tnr». 4IW TH # ,r.T,t* at *M M-i
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
...... ALAUEDA REAL ESTATE. ._■
FOR SALE- cents on the dollar; one 6, one
6 and one 7 room cottage; also for investment,
two 1-story cottages; pay net 10 per cent;
best location. -Apply to A. R. DENKE SK..
Webster st; station, narrow gauge.
HOUSES built to order at your own price* and
on your own terms; call and see plans. J. H.
YOUNG. Builder. 12-13 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— Fine place in the center of Berke-
ley for chicken ranch, milk ranch or home;
six acres; house, barn, outhouses, windmill
and all Improvements; price $7000.
D. J. TOBIN, Real Estate Agent,
2121 Stanford place.
LOST.
JEWELED golf stickpin, Wednesday, between
1720 Pine st. and 8. F. Riding Club. Return
to former address and receive suitable reward.
WHITE cow! brown spots on shoulder; left
horn broken. Reward at Seven-Mile House,
, San Pablo road. Contra Costa County.
$10 RETURN black greyhound bitch; white
• feet and breast: name Nettle: no questions.
GEO. FLETCHER, Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FROM 20 Howard Court, Sunday morning, a
canary bird. Liberal reward if returned.
$25 REWARD— Strayed from my home at Fair
Oaks Sunday night one Great Dane dog; 1%
years old; tiger marked. A. ROY HARRI-
SON. '
FOUND.
FOUND— 11; brown hunting dog at San
Bruno marsh. Owner will please call at 144
First street. ■ • ' ' ' ' ' ■. ' '
i ■
LOST — shopping bag and purse with ticket
' to Salt Lake City. MRS. OSMOND, . Grand
Hotel ; reward.
IN vicinity of Market St., lady's gold chain
' and fob; return to 324 Fell; liberal reward.
~ STORAGE. ~
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage end Moving Co.
Office 401 Post st.. cor. Powell: tel. Main S7U
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices ] and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per*
bods authorized to have the same published .
BORN.
COHN— In this city, December 14, 1898, to the
wife of G. Cohn, a daughter.
CORLETT— In Oakland, December 14, , IS9B, to
the wife of Edgar Corlett, a daughter.
JONES— In this city. December 14, 1898, to the
1 wife of Walter B. Jones, a son.
~~~ "married.
CHURCHILL— BURT— In San Jose, December
5, 189S, S. W. Churchill Jr. of San Jose and
Marlon D. Burt of San Francisco.
FLEMMING— BRANDSH— In this city, Decem-
ber 12, IS9B. by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Her-
• man Flemming and Hermlne Brandsh. '
STROBEL— MULLER— . this city, December
, 11, 1838, by the Rev. J. -G. MangolT], Henry
Strobel and Katharina Muller.
_ _ _________ ,
DIED.
Brown, Sylvester B. McKinnon, Eliza
Dart, Hester A. Mayne, Frederick
, Dornin, Adelaide Merrill. Theodore A.
Dugan, Mark M. Metzler, Frank
Dunn, Edith F. . Morgan, Joseph A.
Ellis. James J. Nachtrltb, Elsie
■ Ferarl, Guillo ■ Olson, Carrie
Fitzgerald, Mary Phllson. Dr. C. F.
Geary, Mollle F. Schaefer, Charlotte
Hansan, Emma " Sellnger, Louise .
Happ, Lillie G. Shea, Mrs. Catherine
Higgins, William Smith, Ellen
Hircl. Ellen J. Splllard. Maggie .
Holmes, Simon Walsh, Alexander
Kelly, Richard . Waters, James
Lathrop, Rev Henry Waters, Lizzie A.
Lyon, Olive M.
BROWN— this city, | December 18, 1898, Syl-
vester 8., beloved husband of the late Ellen
- F. Brown, and father of Eva L. and George
F. Brown and Mrs. N. G. Hunter, a native of
Rhode Island, aged 67 years 6 months and 22
! days. A member . of Templar Lodge No. 17,
I. O. O. F. . .' .
DART— In Oakland, December 15, 1398, Hester
A., widow of the late Putman C. Dart, aged
57 years. . '
(£7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at ' 2 o'clock, from 1 1129. Myrtle
street, ' Oakland.' Interment private. ■'
1 DORNIN— In Brkeley, December 15 1898, Ade-
laide Edgar, wife of Oscar G. Dornin.
: * n_r Funeral private. ■'
DUGAN— In this city, December 18, 1898, Mark
■ Martin, beloved husband of Ellen .Dugan,
• and father of Charles E. Dugan, ■. native of
Aylesford, Nova Scotia, aged 75 years 2
months and 10 days. (Nova Scotia and* Boston
' papers 'please copy.)" ■"■■:■ - ■ • - ** ■
Friends and acquaintances fixe reeueuU
■■• *—■-- ■ ■ - " ■ - — ■- "~ J
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December is. Nt 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
building. Remains at the rarlors of Craig
& Cochran, Mint aveittte.
DUNN— In this city, December 13, IS9B. Edith
F., beloved daughter of Lawrence and Julia
Dunn, and trister of Mrs. E. Skahan. Mrs. O.
Gothlngs and Xonie. Grace, Julia and Law-
rence J. Dunn, a native of San Fancisco,
aged 17 years.
IC^Friends and a. ouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this flay
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from th<* residence
of her parents, 1423 Valencia street, thence
.to St. Janif-s Church, corner of Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, v.here a solemn
requiem hlsh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her boul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy CrOM Cemetery, by carriages.
ELLIS— In this city, December 15, IS9S, Jauiea
J., beloved husband of Annie Ellis, and father
of J-ohn, Willie and George Ellis, a native of
County Cork, Ireland.
trTWotUe of funeral hereafter.
FERARI— In the City and County Hospital,
December 15. IS9S, Guilio Ferari, a native of
Italy, aged 28 years.
FITZGERALD— In this city, December 13, is!>B,
Mary Fitzgerald, a native of County Kerry.
Ireland, ap^d 67 years.
CyFriL'nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funoral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the Darlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St James Church for services. In-
terment Holy Croas Cemetery.
GEARY— In this city, December 13. lSai. Mollls
Frances, beloved daughter of the late John
and Margaret Geary, and beloved sister of
Thomas J., Henry J. an.i Daniel W. Geary
and Annie A. lirdsewood, a native of San
Francisco.
(T7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Hotel Falrmount, corner Market and-
Fell streets, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
where services will be held for the repose of
repose of her 'soul, commencing at 10 o'clock,
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
HANSAN— In this city. December 14, IS9B,
Em.ua, dearly beloved wife of John Hansan.
and mother of Frank and Clara Hansan. a
native of Wisconsin, acred 32 years and 10
months.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 215 Palmer street, between Chenery
and Fairmount, ther.ce by electric funeral
car from Thirty-second and Chenery streets at '
1 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HAPP— In this city, December 11. 1884, Lillie
Gertrude, twin daughter of the late J. J.
and Elizabeth Happ, a native of Stockton,
Cal., aged 8 years 9 months and 27 days.
HIGOINS— In the City and County Hospital.
December 15. ISM. William Higgins, a native
of Ireland, aged 50 years.
HIRD— In this city, entered into rest at her
resider.ee, 130SH Steiner street. December 14.
1898, Ellen J., beloved mother of Wi)liam R..
John W. and Hen Htrd.
l£s"Frl?nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. Stephen's
Church, Fulton street, between Webster and.
Fillmore. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOLMES— In this city, December 15, IS!N.
Simon Holmes, a native of County Wexford,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
Frier. as and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December IS. at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
, repose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city, December 15. 1898, Rich-
ard, husband of the late Sarah Kelly, father
of Dr. Winifred M. Byrne, and grandfather of •
Frank M. Byrne and Mrs. Peter Metcalfe, a
native of SHgo. Ireland, aged 89 years 10
months and 18 days.
LATHROP— memorial service for the late
Rev. Henry D. Lathrop will be held at the
Church of the Advent. Eleventh street. San
Francisco, this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock.
The Bishop of California will be the cele-
brant; the Rev. E. J. Lion the preacher. |
LYON— In this city. December 14, 1898, Olive
Myrthle, dearly beloved daughter of Horace
and Flla Lyon. sister of Ivy Lyon, and grand-
daughter of Mrs. Ellen Foley, a native of
San Francisco, aged 7 years 6 months and 7
davß.
B^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. 654 Jessie street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery-
McKINNOX— In this city. December 15. 1898.
Eliza, beloved daughter of Fannie A. and
Allen McKlnnon, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months.
MAYNE— At Silver Peak, Nev., December 9,
ISSS, Frederick Mayne.
Cs"Relat!ves please Inquire at IS2 Market
street, room 15.
MERRILL— In this city, December 18, 1898,
Theodore Alfred, only son of Jane Bechlnor
Merrill, a native of New York, aged 38 years
and 9 months.
METZLER— In this city, December 13. 1898,
Frank, beloved husband of Gertrude Metzler,
and father of Charles. Ogcar and Emll Metz-
ler, Mrs. R. Lawrence, Mrs. Matt Pittlick.
Mrs. Gus Miersch, Mre. Emll Nuenfeld and
Mrs. Gus Foff. a native of Germany, aged 72
years 3 months and 12 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late esldence,
692 Natoma street. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
MORGAN— In this city, December 14, 1888, Jo-
seph A., beloved husband of Rebecca Mor-
gan, and father of Mrs. Laura H. Wells. Mrs.
Anna L. Bale and William 11. Morgan, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 91 years. (New
York City papers please copy.)
ipyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late residence,
1739 Seventeenth street, between Sanches an<?
Church. Interment private.
NACHTRIEB— In this city, December 15, 189&
Elsie, beloved daughter of Ellsworth ana
Clara Conrad Naohtrieb, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years and 6 months.
OLSON— In this ctty, December 14, 189S Carrie,
beloved wife of E. Olson, a native of Vic-
toria. B. C, aged 31 years 1 month and 21
days.
PHILSON— In this city, December 14, IS9B. Dr.
C. F., beloved husband of Mary J. Philson,
late of Maxwell. Colusa County, Cal., a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 64 years 4 months
and 16 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from th« parlors wf
McAvoy A Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Brendan'*
Church for services. Interment Holy Croas
Cemetery.
SCHAEFER— In this city, December 13, 1891,
Charlotte (midwife), beloved wife of the lat«
John Schaefer, and mother of the late Henry
and Peter Schaefer. a native of Germany,
aged 80 years and 8 days.
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 720 Union street, thence to German
Church, Mason street, between Jackson and
Pacific streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
SAN FRANCISCO FRAUEN VEREIN-The
officers and funeral committee are hereby in-
vited to assemble this clay (Friday), at 12
o'clock, at their meeting rooms, Druids' Hall,
413 Sutter street, to attend the funeral of our
late member, Mrs. Charlotte Schaefer.
MRS. ANNA HORSTMAN^, Pres.
MRS. ANNA MAAS. Sec.
SELINGER— In this city, December 13. IS9B.
Louise, wife of Ralmond Selingpr. a native of
Baden, Germany, aged 36 years 6 months and
26 days.
(PTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Saturday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1203 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BHEA— In this city. December 14, 1898, Mrs.
Catherine, wife of the late John Shea, and
mother of Joseph, John, William and James
Shea, Mrs. K. Kelly and Mrs. J. Stenson, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 61 years.
(£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(FrldayV at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2622 Bryant avenue, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth streets.
SMITH— In this city, December 13, 1898. at her
residence, 83S1 Twenty-nrst street, Ellen,
relict of the late J. J. Smith, a native of
Ireland.
(E7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, at Auburn.
SPILLARD— In this city, December 15. 1898,
Maggie Splllard, a native of St. Joseph, Mo.
Cy ßemains at the United Undertakers. 27
and 29 Fifth street.
WALSH— In this city, December 15. 1898, Alex-
ander Walsh, a native of Ireland; aged 68
years.
WATERS — At Mare Island, James, beloved
husband of Ella Waters, and brother of Mrs.
James Brennen of Vallejo, a native of Bata-
via, N. V., aged 84 years. (Batavla papers
please copy.)
C7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, on Tevls street, near Washington,
Fruitvale. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
WATERS— In this city, December 13, IS9S. Liz-
zie Adelle. beloved wife of R. J. Waters,
daughter of Mrs. E. W. Parker, and sister of
George F. Parker of Berkeley, a native of •
San Francisco, aged 3S years 10 months and 5
days. (Berkeley papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Kiri-t
CongTejjatlonal Church, corner Durant avenue
and Dana street, Berkeley. San Francisco
• friends take the 11: JO boat from San Fran-
cisco; get off at Dwight way, Berkeley.
THE monthly solemn requiem mass for the de-
ceased members of St. Dominic's Church
Building Association will be sung in St.
Dom'nlc's Church, corner Bush and Steiner
streets, to-morrow (Saturday), morning at
9 o'clock.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., ;
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallacaer), .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALTEBa.
-\ SO Fifth «t., opposite Lincoln School. ,
Telephone South SO. ■ .. :'-.; - : '
\ H. B. MoA VOT, Manater^^"" ll^"^
% AIcAVOY <fc CO.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKBS S I
12SE Market at, between Bth and »th. , ■; I
Telephone, South 247. • ' |
1112
HEARD "A
VOICE THAT
IS STILL"
The Ferry- Boat Mys
tery Solved.
IDENTIFIED BY THE PARASOL
AGED MRS. ELIZABETH YOST'S
LIFE-SOKBOW.
Mourning for Her Dead Favorite
Daughter Susie the Sad Mother
Finally Committed
Suicide.
Worn from time's warfare, burdened
with llfe'B loneliness, hopeless in the
gloom of despondency and listening al
ways to the "sound of a voice that is
Still." EHzahf-th Yost, in the nipht of her
deepest desolation, ended 'he span of her
yean in suicide. These axe the last lines
of the pitiful story of the mysterious
■woman who disappeared from the dock
of the forry steamer Bay City last Tues
day evening. This is the record not of
youth in it* brightest day that found life
rot worth the living, but of a?e in its de
cllnlnp ruthlessly shortening: -ts few re
maining years ar.d hurling itself beyond
the limits of time.
Out among the marbled heaps of the j
Odd Fellows' Cemetery there is a grave
Wherein lies a beloved daughter, the fa- I
vorite in tho mother's heart of all her i
children, and doubly dear because dead. I
This girl died long ago, but over her
tomb a mother's form has knelt and a
ler'a tears have fallen. To the
rner's bou] came no time effacement
of her dlsconsolatlon, no comforting hope
in. Out of the grief of the
-flying years -was the heart's desire
to tie undreaming, unawakenlng in
hallowed .spot. Tben came the down
ward plunge in the night, the folding of
the waters over the place and earth sor
row had ended.
■iy yesterday morning Fred Tost of
J- '■;• York street, accompanied by his
r Kate, called at the ferry and asked
parasol which had been left on
the neck of the Bay City when the woman
lumped overboard from that vessel on
lay night. They readily recognize. i
■I stated that the ferry-boat suicide
their mother. They wept bitterly as
they fondled this Identifying relic of the
''...,.1 woman and were almost speechless
with mystification as to the reason of her
act. They stated that for sevcrnl years
Bhe had been despondent, first caused by
the death of her daughter Susie, who was ;
the favorite and constant companion of
her doting mother. To this was added
the burden of ill health and the weakness
Of age, she being almost 60 years old.
"My poor mother never quite recovered I
from the shock of Susie's death," said '
Miss Yost, "and she often expressed a !
■wish to die on her grave. Several times
we have detected her, as we thought, try
ing to get out of the house at an unrea
sonable hour to visit the cemetery. She
also complained of bring 111, but we never i
thought that she would come to this I
We are four— three sisters and a brother
our father dir-d some years ag-o. We do
not know when she left the house, but It !
must have been a little earlier than 10 I
o'clock Tuesday night. She must have
f rotten out of bed. dressed, and gone soft
ly out. taken a car and hurried aboard i
the ferry-boat. As she rises late we did
not miss her until we read in the papers
cf the mysterious woman suicide In the
bay. We discussed the affair, little think-
Ing it was our own mother. Of course we i
Boon found that she wag not in the house |
and as me hours worn on and she did not
return we first thought that she had gone
to the Odd Fellows' cemetery. Gradually i
It came to us that possibly mother and '
the woman who Jumped in the bay were i
the same person. She did not return and '
the picture of the parasol made ue sure !
It was our poor mother and we are lri
the dark as to what led her to go down to '
the ferry alone that stormy, rainy night !
and take her own life in that dreadful i
way. Some of us thought if she really '
ever became Insane and made any at- !
tempt on her life, she would first go out
to Susie's grave; hut of cou -se that was
only a vague idea and we were never pre
pared for this. Her home was with us
and we took the best care of her that we
could. Why, O, why, did she. do it?"
And the query will never be answered
till the day of the .solving of the great
mysteries.
HUMILIATED HER HUSBAND.
G. F. Lxing. Physician of the Phila-
delphiu, Sues for a Divorce.
Dr. George F. T^ung, U. S. N.. has filed
suit for divorce from his wife Elizabeth
The suit was originally filed in Solano
County, but was subsequently transferred
to this city.
*, Dr. Lung in his complaint sets forth
that he is the physician on board the
flagship Philadelphia of the Pacific
cquardron. He married his wife in ISSS
and subsequently, he alleges, she became
very Intemperate in her habits. The
complainant states that on one occasion
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURED BY CUTICURA .
I was troubled several years with chronic
Eczema, on my head at.d face. 1 took medi-
cal treatment from two doctors and several
lotions, but received little relief. At times,
the'drcadful itching became almost intoler-
able. When I was heated, the Eczema became
painful, and almost distracted me. I tried
CUMNMU Remedies. The Eczema rapid!]/
disappeared, and lam welt, with no trace of
any cutaneont disease. J. EM.METT REEVES,
Feb. 22, 1898. . Box 125, Thorn town ,Ind.
SrcmT Core Tjiiatmckt roc Toirrvßiiro. Dtsno-
ctkimu IiCMOBS, WITH LOSS or Hair. —Warm batfaa
Ci'Tirrn* Soap, ccntle tnointinri with Cltjcch. and
■aild dotri of Cpticcb* HgaoLTmrr.
•old «rerr"h«r». Potti hD.ajtdC Cout., Sole Props.,
Boetoo. ■ Iluw to Care '.torturing fikia Uiiwci," Am.
she boarded the flagship when it was an
chored in Honolulu harbor in an intoxi
cated condition, greatly to the humilia
tion of the plaintiff. For these reason*
ho asks that a divorce be gTanted him.
Commendable Enterprise.
We are glad to learn that the Bald
win Jewelry Company open their new
store for business to-day at 844 and 846
Market street, opposite Fourth. This is
the well-known company that took such
good care of their patrons' property at
the time of the late fire, so that nothing
was even damaged but the store fit
tings, the valuable stock being re
moved before daylight from the burn
ing building across the street to 408
Parrott building, where the business
has been carried on the same as ever
without interruption since the fire. .
Work on the new stores was begun
soon after the fire and has been rushed,
no expense being spared in fitting them
up in an artistic manner, with new
showcases, the latest improved and
tested fire-proof safes, etc, for the pro
tection of valuables. Every effort has
been made to provide for the conveni
ence of patrons.
The store. No. 846, will be conducted
on the same plan as the well-known es
tablishment under the old Baldwin
Hotel, and will carry a full line of solid
gold watches, diamonds, precious
stones, etc, and no Imitation goods.
The adjoining store, No. 844, will be
conducted aa a first-class jewelry es
tablishment, carrying a full line of
stt-rling silverware, spoons, forks,
purses, combs, umbrellas and novelties
of all kinds. This will be one of the
moßt popular places to buy holiday and
wedding presents. The public is cor
dially invited to call and inspect the
stock. Every visitor treated with the
same consideration whether a pur
chaser or not.
Imitated the Calliope.
J. Brentan. a clerk in a piano -tore, was
convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday of
the charge of disturbing the peace, and
was ordered to appear for sentence this
morning. Wednesday night Brentan oc
cupied one of the box seats in the Or
pheum and he annoyed the audience and
■ performers by imitating the noise made
by the calliope. Special Officer Butler re
monstrated with him. but he persisted and
Butler led him outside and told him to go
] home. Brentan insisted on returning to
: his seat, and Butler placed him under ar
j rest.
Contests at Lurline Baths.
The Academic Athletic League gave a
(series of Interesting swimming matches
at the Lurline Baths last night. The first
was a 100-yard dash run off in two heats.
Rlgholm of the Polytechnic High Schooi
THE FERRY SUICIDE.
I won the first heat with Valentine of St
Matthew's second. The second heat was
! won by Roth of Oakland High School
with Bishop of St. Matthew's second.
i Instead of having a finish the
winners were rated according to
thtir speed, which placed Roth first, time
1:20; Bishop second and Righolm third. A
440-yard dash was won by Hall of Oak
land High School in 8:413-6, with Hall of
Berkeley second. Th/- 220-yard dash was
won by Schilling of Oakland High School
In 3:jO-1-o, with Hoffman of Berkeley sec
ond. An exhibition of hign diving whs
given by Oeddes, Coblyn. Rattigan and
C ooper of the Lurline Club, and George
Geddes did some fancy swimming.
Fine Leather Goods.
We stamp your name in gold letters free
of charge on pocket and bill books, letter
and card cases, lap tablets, traveling sets
music rolls, memorandum books, valises
hand bags. Bibles and prayer books.
Largest stock and lowest prices. Sun
born. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Grand Testimonial Benefit.
The grand- testimonial benefit entertain
j ment and ball given Wednesday evening at
i B ' , ai ?', r th Hall in behalf of the widow
! and children of Michael Kelleher de
| ceased fireman, • met with a success far
beyond the most sanguine expectations
of those directly in charge. The hall was
crowded almost to Its capacity, and gen
, eral enthusiasm in the desire to further
, the object of the benefit was manifested
!by every one present. A feature of the
' Vnoi r i J. aS Ahe foI1 ™- In £ Programme?
\ocal solo. George Burr; Irish dance
i Connor and Kelleher; latest songs
■ lV' la « m Coughlin; Irish comedians. Kelly
I and Marlow; Irish reel, Julia Malloy
FOLLOWED HER FIANCE
TO THE GREAT BEYOND
Miss Mollie Geary, Betrothed of the
Late Dr. James I. Stanton, Dies
of a Broken Heart.
ft* IPS MOLLIE GEARY, the promised wife of the • late Dr
II I Jan.P 8 I. ltOn;l tOn ; died Tuesday at the apartments of h er
I | I sister Mrs. Annie Bridgewood. in the Hotel - Fairmount
' X "he? d ath eSSi ° the aUending PhySlClan * aYe " the °™*c
General depression." translated from the cold, formal phraee
ology of the physician into the warm, throbbing utterance at the
many friends of the deceased, reads "broken heart." Miss Gearv
Pined for the man cruel death took from her. lost all her Interest
in home and friends and patiently prayed and waited for the sum
mons that would reunite her and her beloved. Since the death Tf
Dr. Stanton Miss Geary has boon ailing with a malady her phvsi
cians found it difficult to explain. She suffered no pain, but seemed
o wilt and fade away like a delicate flower. Surrounded byth'Tov
ing care of a devoted sister and the kind attentiong of a host of
friends, the sufferer found it impossible to take up the" thread
where the death of her betrothed had so suddenly broken it She
heeded not the pleadings of sister, brothers nor friends, and while
she never uttered one word of complaint, she made no effort to live
Two weeks ago the brilliant mind of the sufferer gave way and lift
her gentle and helpless as a little one who just begins to frame
sweet sounding, simple phrases. Death came on Tuesday morning at
9 o'clock. At the bedside were the family and friends, and the Jear
one passed away with the love light in her eyes and a smile on her
sweet, tender lips. iier
Miss Geary leaves three brothers and one sister to ■ mourn her
loss-ex-Congressman Thomas J. Geary, Harry J. Geary Daniel W
Geary and Mrs. Annie Bridgewood. The funeral will take place this
morning at half past 10 from the Hotel Fairmount ' 1714' Market
wiTh. 1 held at St - J°Beph>SJ ° Beph>S Church - **« intermen
•will be at Holy Cross Cemetery.
The deceased was one of the handsomest of ' the many pretty
girls for which San . Francisco is justly famous. In addition to her
attractive personality, she had rare qualities of mind and heart that
Stl d6 , ar ( ? OUng and Old alike Her friends are legion, and
in he? hv last ' ew weeks' of her life they manifested" their interest
in her by many kind and loving messages.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER lf>, 1898.
BOPLIT WHILE .A. NORTHER RAGED.
The tiniest baby that ever came into the world on the ocean wag born on the steamer Weeott last week
The little mortal only weighed a Bcant pound and a half, and measured six inches from the soles of its feet to
the crown of its head. Its face is about the size of a dollar and Its hand Is not much larger than a child's finger
The little girl was named brace Dcv Weeott White, Dey boing for the purser of the steamer, and Weeott for the
vessel. From last accounts both mother and child are doing well.
three-round bout, Thomas? Pendergast
and Pete Magee; step dance. Kavanaugh
sisters; piano solo. Miss Rose Hallard:
specialties, little Rosie Rennett; song and
dance. Professor Gulldea. Immediately
aft^r the rendition of the entertainment
programme dancing was announced,
which concluded the benefit.
» ♦ «
Christmas Cheer for Little Ones.
The annual Christmas festival under
the management of the ladies in charge,
and for the benefit of the children at
tending the Silver Star Kindergarten, the
Adler Kindergarten and the Mai 1 Dock
Kindergarten, will be held to-morrow
afternoon at Golden Gate Hall. There
will be over three hundred children in at
tendance to pay their respects to old
Santa Claua, who will be there in all his
customary smiles and great clothing. The
rlergarten, will be held to-morrow
moon at Goldm Gate Hall. There
be over three hundred children in at
lance to pay their respocts to old
!a Claus, who will be there in all his
omary smiles and great clothing. The
general public is invited to attend and
participate in the general merriment. An
interesting and enjoyable programme will
be rendered by the children under the dl
rection of the various teachers In charge.
Ny the Chrintmnn Call, ont next
Snndny, it yon want to read the
bent Chrintmnn ntorlen pnbllNhetl
thin rear, all beantifally Illustrated.
Age and Whisky Saved Him.
William Wade of New Hope was acrjult
ter by a Jury yesterday Jn the Tnlted
States District Court of the charge of
having atempted to pass four bad quar
ter dollar pieces. The prisoner had been
on a spree and said that he was not aware
that the coins were counterfeit. The Jury
believed him, he being old. penniless and
penitent.
Service at Temple Emanu-El.
Divine service will be held In Templo
Emanu-el this evening at 8 o'clock. Rabbi
Jacob Voorsanger will speak on "Vendus
nux JuJfs-Sold Out to the Jews; a Story
of Modern Prejudice" '
SEPARATING
FEEBLE-MINDED
FROM INSANE
j Secretary Carrere Su
perintends Transfer.
BROUGHT FROM THE ASYLUMS
TAKEN TO THE ELDRIDGE HOME
NEAR GLEN ELLEN.
i Unusual Scene at the Tiburon Ferry
When Two Sheriff's Var
Drive Up Filled With
Unfortunates.
A scene enacted at the Tfhuron ferry
at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon created
considerable excitement in that vicinity.
I Two Sheriff's vans drove up at that time,
both filled with feeble-minded people that
have been gathered from the various in
sane asylums in the State. Secretary
' John P. C;irrere of the State Board of
Lunacy Commissioners has been rounding
up the idiots, and the first consignment
j was sent to the Home for Feeble-Minded
at Eldridge, In Sonoma County. This is
in accordance with an order recently is
sued by the commission.
The patients must be sent to the county
from which they were first committed to
the insane asylum for recommitment to
the feeble-minded home. Secretary- Car
rere started with San Francisco, which
furnishes the most patients, on account
of Its size, and as a result L'kiah asylum
furnished one male and two females, Ag
news two males and two females, Napa
four males and one female and Stockton
three males, making a total of fifteen
committed from this county. They were
placed in the insane ward of the Keceiv
ing Hospital and taken before the In
sanity Commissioners yesterday morning.
Drs. Lustig and Rothers were kept busy
examining them, and Judge Carroll Cook
committed them to the home near Glen
Ellen.
In the party were also three from Ala
meda, two from Santa Clara and one from
San Joaquin. They were perfectly harm
less and tractable. The women were at
tended by seven lady attendants. Sheriff
Whelan wisely delegated Under Sheriff
William Clack to take charge of the
transfer, which was accomplished without
any untoward incident. Eight deputies
accompanied them, and handled their in
sane wards with great consideration. Sec
retary Carrere was a very busy man at
the departure of the 5:10 o'clock boat,
being anxious to have the proceedings go
off without a hitch.
"This transfer," he said, "will relieve
the pressure on the asylums where the
most dangerous people are kftpt. It is the
first time such a course has ever been
taken, and it is a wise precaution. There
is a great difference between the treat
ment for the feeble-minded and that for
the insane. Now that a home has been
provided for the poor unfortunates It is
proper that they should be taken there.
Dr. A. E. Osborne, superintendent of the
home at Eldridge, is a wise administrator
and thoroughly understands the treat
ment of feeble minds. While I do not
think that they can be cured, still it is
but just that they should be in a separate
institution.
"I will proceed to gather them from the
other counties, and I anticipate that the
next Legislature will make an appropria
tion for the enlargement of the premises
at Eldridge in order to accommodate
them all. The railroad people have very
kindly provided a special car, and so the
poor beings will be to themselves on the
trip. There are three boys In this lot, one
of whom has been in the Stockton asylum
for five years. Some were Insane when
first committed, but have npw become
idiots and are unable to help themselves,
it being necessary to feed them. One
woman has been In the Stockton asylum
for . thirty-two years, and her condition
Is pitiable. It will be some days before
all the feeble-minded are removed from
the Inferior asylums, but the work will bo
completed as soon as practicable."
Orpheum Symphony.
The largest audience of the season as
sembled at the Orpheum yesterday for
the third symphony concert. The pro
gramme contained Schumann's "Genove
va" overture; Beethoven's sixth sym
phony, "The Pastoral"; "Llcht-Elfen und
Reif-Reisen." a larphetto from one of
Haydn's string quartets, and "Une Nuit
sur le Mont Chauve," by Mousporgsky.
The performance of the symphony was
too rough to bring: out the beauties of this
great work. The best i>erfurmance of the
afternoon was a Hoffmann number
"Third Movement of Frithjof Symphony "
■which was repeated. The Haydn farghet
to was played with nice feeling and the
"Genoveva" overture wa-s fairly well
done. The Moussor<"sky number received
a spirited performance. At the fourth
concert, whicii takes place Thursday, De
cember 29, Tselialkowski's second sym
phony will be played.
Rev. Dr. Pnrkhnrnt of New York
hn« a ChrlHtman mention In the
< hrlitiiiii* edition of The Call, out
next Strnda r , December 18.
TINIEST GIRL
EVER BORN ON
THE HIGH SEAS
Weighed a Pound and
a Half.
BUT SIX INCHES IN HEIGHT
CAME INTO THE WORLD DURING
A HOWLING NORTHER.
City of Peking Dslayed— Coots Sold
as Sprig:— Record Breaking Runs
of the Beulah and W. F.
Jewett.
Strange things happen at sea, but the
strangest experience that ever occurred
in the life of an old salt was what hap
pened to Captain R. J. Dunham on the
last voyage of the steamer Weeott. It
was (luring the norther, and the wind was
howling through the steamer's rigging at
the rate of ninety miles an hour. Captain
Dunham was on the bridge, looking after
the safety of his vessel, when Purser A.
E. Dey came to him and said that the
only lady passenger on board was about
to be' confined. The captain turned tho
vessel over to the mate and went below.
With the assistance of the purser (they
are both married men. with large families)
he delivered the woman of a girl baby
that weighed a scant pound and a half
and measured six inches in length. The
mite was alive and hearty, and the cap
tain made a cradle for It out of a cigar
box.
The Weott sailed from San Francisco
for Yaqulna Bay on December 8 at 11 p.
m. Among the passengers was Mrs. G. W.
Whitf\ wife of an employe of Morton's
special delivery, and her two children,
one aged eight years and the other 4.
She was on her way to Corvallls to pay
her sister a visit, and was in good health
when the steamer left San Francisco.
"All went well," said Purser Dey, "until
we ran into the norther. Then it blew
great guns and we had a terrible time.
There were a lot of cases of kerosene
on deck, and It is lucky they were lashed
down. The wind came along and ripped
the tops off them as easily as you would
tear a piece of paper from the wall. It
wns during this war of the elements that
Mrs. White's baby was born. It was as
bright as a new dollar, and Its face was
not much larger than that coin. It had
black hair and eyes and was very pretty
as babies go. Of course, the mother had
no clothes for it, so we bundled it up in
cotton batting and put It to sleep in a
cigar box. Talk about your small babies!
Why, that cigar box was large enough
to cradle two babies the size of that one
At Corvallls we fixed the mother and
child up and sent them ashore."
The little mite that was born in a howl
ing norther on the bosom of the Pacific
Ocean is to be named Grace Dey Weeott
White, so if she lives to be old enough her
name will always remind her of where and
under what circumstances she came Into
the world.
Quite a fleet of ships put In an appear
ance yesterday. The British ship Was
dale got in from Antwerp, the Flintshire
from Swansea, the barks S. C. Allen and
Annie Johnson and the brig Lurllue from
the Hawaiian Islands, the French bark
Louis Pasteur from Swansea, and besides
these there were two barkentines and a
bark outside.
The Mail Company's steamer City of
Peking will not get away until the" 21st
inst. On her way here from China she
cracked her tall shaft, and an attempt
was made to repair it. This was found
impossible, so a new one had to be made
Hence the postponement of the sailing
date.
The remodeled steamer Crescent City
had her trial trip on the bay yesterday
and proved to be a wonderfully improved
vessel. She has had new boilers and a i
new high-pressure cylinder put in and I
her cabins remodeled. She Is now one of '
the finest vessels of her class on the
coast.
The Italian fishermen are back at their
old tricks again. Yesterday boatload after
boatload of coots were landed at Fisher
men's wharf, and after being plucked and
their heads taken off were sold to peddlers
who retailed them all over the city as
sprig. They catch them in their nets and
smother them. They are in consequence
unfit for food. The Health Officers will
stop the practice.
The schooners Beulah and W. F. Jewett
have made record-breaking runs up the
coast. They both left here on the 10th
inst., and the Beulah made the run to
Willapa Bay in three days, while the
Jewett went to Port Gamble in four days
The Jewett Is the vessel that made the
record-breaking run of ten days from
Unalaska to Grays Harbor.
The engines of the Japanese cruiser
Chitose were turned over yesterday To
day or to-morrow she will have a pre
liminary spin around the bay and some
time next week will go to the Santa Bar
bara channel for her official trial trip.
. Anakesis cures Piles, nothing: else.- Sam
ple free, Address Aijakeels, New. York, •
Open evenings until nine
Holiday
FOR BOYS
When the fun
is over and the
toys broken the
suit or overcoat
remains— a per-
manent gift.
middy suits 3 to 8 years
$2 to $15
sailor suits 3 to 12 years
$4 to $15
reefer suits 4 to 10 years
$3 to $10
reefers 3 to 10 years
$2.50 to $12
children's overcoats 3 to 8 years
$3.50 to $10
boys' suits 12 to 19 years
$6.50 to $25
boys' overcoats 12 to 19 years
$5 to $25
We sell glove and hat orders
___^ ' Kearny and Post
J^RT CALENDARS,
LEATHER GOODS
-^AND OTHER »
sttit as
227-229 POST ST. 215- 2 BUSH ST.
I Neat, Serviceable. ♦
♦ IP YOU ■ MUST BUT CHRISTMAS A
& ■ presents, why not give something v
■* useful, neat and serviceable? And such
♦ a present la always acceptable. Our A
a etock of Holiday Novelties in Shoes and *
A Slippers Is complete. Give us a call be- a
▼ fore purchasing elsewhere. We appre-
4 ciate the fact that every one looks ♦
A around and shops a little at this season A
▼ of the year, so give us a call, look our v
£, etock. over and if not satisfactory you <&
are not compelled to buy. Gentlemen's .
♦ Black or Brown Vici Kid Romeos,
a turned soles, reduced to 81.50 <$>
Ladies' Stylish Fur-trimmed Felt
♦ Juliets, Flannel . Lined, Coin <S>
A Toes; Colors Red, Brown or A
I Black .... „... ¥1 ,00 ♦
♦ Same as above, quilted ....' ljxo <8>
Ladles' Dongola Kid, Fur-trim- Vs.
mcd Juliets, Coin T0e5........... I^JO *
V Ladles Fancy Plaid or Quilted • ♦
<* Fur-trimmed Juliets..... 1.50 a
♦ CROCHET SLIPPERS. RedTßlue. Pink. A
Black or Brown: .*»"». «.
Child's sizes. .8 to 10«....T80 ■♦
♦ Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 »Oc A
A ladles sizes. 2% to 7 ...81.00
Men's sizes, 6 to 11.. !!!!. lias ♦
<% ■ leS^L.
A Men's Embroidered Slippers, either
V opera or Everett styles, from 75c up- ♦
t ward. . *
4> *
♦ ? ur "lustrated catalogue Just ♦
♦ out; send for one. - A
a Country orders solicited. Address *
X B. KATCHINSKI, ♦
♦ PHILADELPHIA SHOE { CO., I
I 10 Third St., San Francisco. ' ♦
;-'•-. -- ■'■■■ . ----- - - <t>
♦♦ ♦ ♦.^ <S><S> 4> <!><» <^ <$» <$> <^ <$> «a a
&CQ.^V
_X^33O,MARKETST.S.F.^ay J
frii's Mai Viable PUls i
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who j
c?Zt H?S?. i hetn for over fort y >' ear » t0 cure
StSS H AI ? AC .KE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimples
and purify the blood.
Grossfflan's Specific Mixie 1
■JV ith • this . remedy percons can cure ' them-
■elves without : the ; least exposure, change ■of :
i.°r chan in application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
to the constitution, Ajk your Oniiiut for It, i
FOR MEN
Here are
things that last
— that afford
pleasure and
comfort for
years:—
smoking jackets
$4.50 to $25
morning gowns
$10 to $30
bath robes
$3.50 to $14
neckwear
60c to $4.50
suit cases
$5 to $27.50
valises
$3 to $24
fancy suspenders
$1 to $2.50
AUCTION
— OF —
Investment, Business, Residence and
Unimproved Property
To be held at our Salesroom
. 14 Montgomery Street
— ON —
MONDAY DECEMBER I Bth, 1888
At 12 o'clock Noon.
POTRKRO AVENUE LOTS.
. a o"lL fling lot s.We9t side Potrero Aye., between 19th
thr«, / Btr " etB: , one - fif * cash, balance in one, two,
r»Sm» ♦ fOUI » nnu Payments with interest on tie third
payment at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum. ,
EXECUTORS' SALE.
Estate of A. Cooper, Deceased. Lot and improre.
vt^'ti?-^ South side Washington street, 8? feet
L H«' Jl ? 7 street ; size 20i60 feet. Store occupied
Restaurant. Property renting for «67. " v - tu »' lou
STOCKTON STREET RESIDENCE.
1913 Stockton street, West side, 80 feet South of Chert-
nnt, two-3tory herns- of 9 rooms and bath and 2 attic
rooms, bay windows, concrete fonndation, gtoue ride-
walk, street pared, lot 4f1i60 with the right of continu-
ous use of alley 17: bx6o feet. Mortgage of 32>00 ° in bank
can remain if desired.
TURK STREET CORNER.
_ 81i1,^5B lil ,^ 5 Jo - S W cor Turk Street and Central Are,
6xllo feat. Mortgage of 8500 in San Frandtco
oanngs Union ; can remain if desired.
SHAN A HAN ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale. No. 1410-10« Harrison street,
between 10th and 11th streets, two flats of six and fire
rooms and basement; lot 25x73 feet. Sale subject to
approval of the Probate Court.
MISSION CORNER.
To close an Estate. In subdivisions, 5 booses In flats
of four rooms e»oh, 1201, 1203, 1205, 1207, 1209. 1211, 1213
and 1215 Sanchez street, and 3951 and 3983 Twenty-fifth
street. Residence >'.R. cor. Clipper and Sanchez street
and stable. Vacant lot East aide of Sanches, 113 feet
North of Clipper street.
HOWARD STREET BUILDING LOT.
Choice lot 45x133 feet. South-east line Howard Street,
165 feet 3S inches N E. of Thirteenth street.
For farther particulars apply at our office
G. H. U9I.U SEN & CO., Auctioneers
14 Montgomery Street ,
oe»r»aonoooo o o o o o o o q
gw PALACE *wJS
g GR AND HOTBLSa
* ban rriAitctaco.
• V . OMmectea by a covered passageway. ■ "
0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. &
j O All Under One Management, Q
n HOTI THa ?SI0E8: Q
I kt European Plan. Bl.oo per day and upward X
V American P!an.s».OO per day and upward Q
| Q Oorrecpondence Bollcltfcd. - m
I ,«a»,o. «RCTA?aicx, XiAt&t. «
go 00000 0 o a oo ooooop
RPTTQWI7C FOR BARBERS. bak.
DriUOriluO ere. bootblacks, bath.
houses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy- maker*, i nnerm,
dyers, I flourmitls, foundries. ; laundries. paper-
hangers. - printers, painters, shoe factor!**,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
_ BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
Weak Men and Women
jßtrtajth to sexual organs. Depo^ MS lS£ir£«U •