.VOIiUMB LXXXIII.-XO. 154.
MANILA HAS SURRENDERED
TO DEWEY'S VICTORIOUS FLEET
AMERICA'S GLORIOUS VICTORY IN THE HARBOR OF MANILA
CHICAGO, May 3.-A special to the
Record from Washington says: The
President received the news of the cap
ture of Manila last night from the Brit
ish embassy.
Sir Julian Pauncefote tried all day
to get into communication with the
British authorities at Hongkong and the
Consul at Manila, without success un
til evening, when he received a cable
gram announcing that the city had
surrendered, but giving no details. A
copy was at once made and sent to
the White House by an attache.
• Copyrighted. 1?J8, by James Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, May 2, 8:52
: A. M. — Commo
dore Dewey's squad
ron completely de=
stroyed the Spanish
fleet, in Manila harbor
early yesterday morn
ing. Three of Ad
miral Montijo's ships
were burned, one was
sunk and the rest of
the Spanish warships
-. rendered horsde com
bat by the American
guns. *
Our., fleet entered Manila
Bay • yesterday morning at
c o'clock, and, anchoring be-
The San Francisco Call
fore Cavite, the ships took
up their positions in line of
battle.
The forts on shore at once
opened fire on our ships at
long range and the Spanish
fleet, anchored off Cavite, im
mediately followed with its
heavy guns.
Commodore Dewey's flag
ship, the Olympia, then sig
naled the rest of the Amer
ican fleet to draw closer in,
and soon afterward our ships
opened a terrific cannonade.
After half an hour's hot
fighting Dewey's ships moved
out of range of the lighter
Spanish guns and continued
the bombardment with big
guns with terrible effect.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1898.
DEWEY'S FLEETS
SHELLING FORTS
ON CORREGIDOR
Copyrighted. IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG, May 2. — 2:45 p. m. — A telegram has been received
here saying that the American ships are bombarding Corregidor, an
island in the harbor of Manila.
There is no news of the Spanish squadron, but according to the lat
est advices it could not take the oifensive in any case. The cable to Ma
nila is now interrupted.
The steamer Esmeralda, chartered by the banking companies here to
bring away specie from Manila, reached there, and it is believed that she
has been Boarded by the Americans.
MADRID, May 2. — After he had beaten the Spanish ships Dewey
sent an ultimatum to Captain-General Augusti, demanding all the stores
and coal and the surrender of every Spanish ship, and giving twenty
four hours to comply. It is believed the Government has cabled Augusti
to comply.
It is said here that American petroleum bombs set fire to a number
of native huts at Manila during the engagement.
Twenty minutes later the
Olympia again signaled the
other American ships to draw
in at close quarters, and once
mere rapid and incessant
cannonading began.
This terrific bombardment
soon ended the fight. One
after another the Spanish ves
sels were silenced, and three
of them caught fire, including
Admiral Montijo's flagship,
the Reina Maria Cristina,
from an explosion caused by
a shell from one of our ves
sels. The admiral at once
transferred his flag to the Isla
de Cuba.
One Spanish vessel
THE ULTIMATUM EXPIRES,
CORREGIDOR BOMBARDED,
MARTIAL LAW IN MADRID
was sunk and several
were run ashore to
escape capture.
Commodore Dewey's at
tention was now directed to
the land batteries, which he
silenced after a brief and en
ergetic bombardment.
The battle lasted an hour
and a half, and it was a great
and terrible spectacle. The
Spaniards fought bravely
against superior force and
suffered heavy losses.
Four hundred Span
iards are reported
killed, including two
commanders.
Their losses by fire are also
probably very great j The
Spaniards would not giv,e in,
and when the American- fleet
returned to Cavite some shots
were still fired from thelforts
on shore, but our ships pckired
in such a terrible cannonade
that further resistance] was
impossible. j
The American ships jwere
apparently uninjured. Com
modore Dewey's attach was
well carried out. The; ma
neuvering of his squadrop was
a beautiful sight, and the, nav
igation of the bay by our
ships was a remarkable feat
of seamanship, avoiding as
they did successfully trje nu
merous shallows.
All is now over at Cavite.
Commodore Dewey Waits
j the decision of the Governor-
General of the Philippines
I before commencing thg bom
> bardment of Manila, (jnless
a favorable reply is rejceived
from the Governor-General
to the United States'j terms
the bombardment- will! com
mence to-morrow at half
past ii.
LONDON, May 3. j— The
Madrid correspondent ;of the
Times, describing thje en
gagement at Manila, sajys:
"The Olympia, the
the Raleigh, the Concord, the
Petrel and the McCullojch en
tered the bay under cover of
darkness by the smaller and
safer Bocachica Channel. The
1
MARTIAL LAW IS
NOW PROCLAIMED
IN OLD MADRID
LONDON, May 3. — The Madrid corresponuent of the Standard, tele
graphing at midnight, says:
"Senor Aguilera, the civil governor of Madrid, has just posted on
the walls of the Home Office the customary proclamation intimating that
the civil authorities consider the circumstances justify the handing over
to the military authorities the mission of keeping order.
"Lieutenant-General Daban, captain-general of Madrid, has assumed
charge and the first military patrols have just appeared in the Puerto
del Sol. The measure has been taken in consequence of ths attitude of
certain political parties since yesterday. The whole garrison is ready in
barracks."
MADBID, May 3.-2 a. m.— The mob to-night tried to break into
the Apollo Theater and hold a manifestation. The police prevented the
attempt being successful, but the crowd broke all the windows before
they were dispersed.
Immediately after the declaration of martial law a large number of
police and civil guards occupied the principal streets. The Puerto del Sol
is held by a squadron of the Princess Hussars, while the Pava Hussars,
dismounted, are in the Pontejas square near the telegraph office.
The Princess Hussars are a fine sight, their white uniforms gieam
ing in the bright moonlight, as they sit on horseback, immovable, in close
order, in the court of the Puerto del Sol while the patrol of civil guards
is mechanically moving through the square which is nearly deserted.
Considering the extraordinary precautions that have been taken,
there are remarkably few people about.
forts of Corregidor Island
gave the alarm by firing on
the intruders, but they seem
to have inflicted no serious
damage. The American
squadron moved up the bay,
and at t, o'clock in the morn
ing appeared before Cavite.
Here, lying under the shelter
of the forts, was the Spanish
squadron.
"Admiral Montijo, a few
days before, went to Subic
Bay to look for the enemy,
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
but learning that they were
vastly superior, had prudently
returned and placed his ships
under the protection of the
forts. This was his only
chance of meeting the enemy
on something like equal
terms, and it did not suffice.
"Soon the Americans open
ed fire. The Spaniards re
plied vigorously and the com
bat continued without inter
ruption for four hours, dur
ing which the Don Antonio2
CLARA BARTON
SENDS APPEAL
TO GEN. BLANCO
fJsKs That b\e Permit the Distri
bution of Supplies to the
Reconcentrados.
Copyrighted. 1395, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 2.— Miss Clara Barton and her associates
of the Red Cross are still aboard the relief ship State of Texas which
is likely to remain here for ten days at least. Miss Barton has pre
pared a letter to Captain General Blanco which she will submit to Ad
miral Sampson and the State Department at Washington. Should it
be approve! 'Ie will send it to the Captain General of Cuba under a
flag of peaceful entry into Matanzas or some other Cuban port.
Miss Barton's letter is as follows:
"In the name of the Red Cross, which represents the cause of suf
fering humanity, without difference of nation or creed— that cross
which for Spaniard and American alike is the symbol of tire Savior who
died for all mankind— l appeal to you to permit me to distribute the
provisions now on the Red Cross steamer State of Texas among the
starving reconcentrados of Cuba.
"Prompt distribution of these provisions may save the lives of
thousands whose death would be of no consequence, from a military
standpoint, to either side, in this unhappy conflict. There are, how
ever, lives precious in the eyes of Him, who, according to His sacred
word, views none wit., indifference, even the fall of the sparrow. Let
the war go on with its dreadful work, but permit the Red Cross to help
thousands of perishing from famine and misery.
"Knowing you as I do, I hope and believe that your heart and hand
will extend a favorable* reply to this appeal."
.de Ulloa was sunk, the Cas
tilla and Mindanao were set
on fire and the Reina Maria
Cristina and the Don Juan
de Austria were seriously
damaged. One or two of
the smaller craft were scut
tled by their crews to escape
capture. The others took
refuge in a small neighboring
creek emptying into Baker
Bay, where, presumably, the
American ships were unable
to follow them. But none
surrendered."
FUTURE OF
PHILIPPINES
CONSIDERED
The United States
May Have to Hold
the Islands.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent
sends the following: Commodore
Dewey's victory in the harbor of
Manila has given the Government
of the United States a difficult
problem to solve. Spain's power
in the Philippines has been broken.
Her only foothold in the Pacific
has been wrested from her. The
United States is responsible for
the future of the Philippines, and
the question which will have to be
met is, What is to be done with
them?
Are they to be restored to
Spain? Are they to be held per- 1
manently by the United States?
Are they to be turned over to
some European power?
These are questions which offi
cials of the administration and
Senators and Representatives are
asking each other to-day. Their
restoration to Spain is regarded as
out of tiie question, even though a
large war indemnity might be paid
for them. Spain's power in the
Philippines having once been
broken and her navy having been
destroyed, it is doubtful if, under
any circumstances, she could again
establish her authority over the
rebellious inhabitants of the isl
ands. The United States, it is
held, could not turn the Philip
pines back to Spain with the
knowledge that by this act a con
dition of savage warfare even more
atrocious than that waged in Cuba
was to follow.
No one believes that the islands
will be restored to Spain, and yet
if this cannot be dene the situation
becomes all the more difficult. If
the United States holds the islands
this Government also becomes a
factor in all controversies of the
Orient. Men in public life here
are averse to this, if it can be
avoided. They believe the United
States should confine its posses
sions to this hemisphere and that
even the annexation of the Ha
waiian Islands is a .matter of ques
tionable policy.
The retention of the Philippines,
they say, means that the United
States is to become a world power
and is to have a voice in the af
fairs not oniy of this continent but
of the world at large. A military
force would have to be maintained
in the islands. The fortiftcations
of Manila, destroyed by x Commo
dore Dewey's guns, would have to
be rebuilt and strengthened, and
the Pacific fleet of the United States
would have to be made even more
powerful than that maintained in
the Atlantic-
Should the islands be transferred
to any other power, fresh compli
cations would arise. They could
not be given to Japan without in
curring the disfavor of Russia, at
least, and probably of other Euro
pean powers. They could not be
transferred to Great Britain or any
other European power without
bringing about complications of the
gravest character, and, perhaps,
endangering a general European
war.
The Government may be compelled
to hold on to the islands in the inter
ests of the peace of the world. What
ever may finally be done, the islands
must be held until the end of the war,
and in the meantime obligations rest
upon the United States which cannot
be avoided. Order must be main
tained. The natives cannot be allowed
to wreak vengeance on the Spanish
residents when the Government of
Spain is no longer able to afford them
protection. Whether Commodore
Dewey, with the force at his disposal,
will be able to enforce order, is a
question which is causing some anx
iety here. He had in his squadron
nearly two thousand men. How many
of these have been killed and wound
ed is not known. He will have to re
tain enough men on his ships to keep
them ready for action, and i*. is not
probable that he could land, even
temporarily, more than 1000 or 1200
men. As the natives are favorably
disposed toward the United States,
the task of controlling them may not
be as difficult as is feared. Senor
Quesada, the Cuban representative
here, received a letter from one of the
leaders of the insurrection some
months ago saying they wanted a
United States protectorate in the
islands.
Commodore Dewey's defeat of the
Spanish will give him prestige
among the insurgents that will tend
to give authority to his small force.
The Spanish force. in the Philippines
is understood to be about 5000 men,
and it may be necessary to reinforce
Commodore Dewey's command by
sending him some soldiers.
There has been some talk to-day
about dispatching several transports
to the islands with a considerable
force of men, but nothing definite
will be determined as to this until
complete special reports as to the con
ditions existing and the necessities
of the situation have been received.
There is little doubt that the cruiser
Charleston will be sent to Manila as
soon as she is put into commission,
which will probably be within a few
days if the necessary men can be
found to man her.
Among members of the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations and
the House Committee on Foreign Af
fairs there is a disposition at present
not to discuss the probable future of
the islands, because it is a matter
with which they will possibly have to
deal, but which they have up to the
present time considered only super
ficially.
Senator Lodge said to me to-day
that he thought it would be a good
thing for the United States to keep the
islands, for the present, at any rate.
He did not see that the European
powers would have any right to ob
ject, even if we should determine to
keep them permanently. Some other
members of the committee believe the
best course might be to turn the
islands over to some European power
in return for a monetary or other
suitable compensation, retaining a
coaling station, however, for use in
emergencies.
Representative Williams of Mis
sissippi, one of the members of the
House committee, said this evening
he did not think the United States
wanted to retain the islands. He
thought they might be sold to some
European nation, probably Great
Britain, for enough to materially aid
in paying the expenses of the war.
The Rogers at Charleston.
CHARLESTON, S. C, May 2.— The
torpedo-boat Rogers, from Norfolk to
Key West, arrived here this afternoon,
and will coal before continuing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3,| 1898.
DEWEY HOLDS
MANILA BAY
Even if the City Is Not
Taken He Has a
Naval Base.
Can Certainly Take Possession
of the Island at the
Entrance.
With Spain's Fleet Destroyed, He C«n
Take His Time to Carry
Out His PJans.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 2.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says:
"Considerable surprise and disappoint
ment has been caused by the destruc
tion caused by the American lleet, as it
had been officially stated that the au
thorities at Manila had received sixty
torpedoes and heavy guns to strength
en the coast defenses, particularly the
two channels on the right and left of
Corregidor Island. It is noticeable
among all classes, especially among
politicians, that there is a strong hope
of an intervention by continental pow
ers, especially Germany and Russia,"
Little additional news has arrived
from Manila, but the cardinal fact is
that Commodore Dewey is now in pos
session of Manila Bay and can cer
tainly take possession of Corregidor
Island, even if he finds difficulty in ef
fectually capturing Manila itself, ow
ing to the absence of a necessary land
ing force. Thus, having secured a na
val base, he will have no difficulty in
securing supplies of coal.
As the Times remarks to-day:
"There is a mere question of money
and organization. Tt • belligerent who
is strong in certain waters will gener
ally be able to obtain coal. To de
clare coal contraband is no obstruc
tion to private enterprise if the risks of
transport are moderate and the pecu
niary inducements sufficient."
The Madrid correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: "It is suggested that
the half-breeds at the Manila arsenal,
who are rebels at heart, cut the cables
connecting with the submarine mines
and thus enabled Commodore Dewey
to force the harbor in safety."
No real bombardment will be neces
sary to destroy Manila, if the shells are
of such a description as will set houses
on fire, the bulk of which there are
built of wood and bamboo. Only the
public buildings are built of stone,
while the brick built old town is inca
pable 01 resisting artillery.
Captain Cadarzo, of the cruiser
Reina Maria Cristina, who was kill
ed on the bridge of his vessel, was one
of the most brilliant officers in the
Spanish navy.. His ship was a model of
order and efficiency. He read and wrote
a great deal, especially with reference
to naval and colonial matters, and he
was so outspoken that he often came
into collision with the authorities.
It appeared that Admiral Montijo
was taken altogether by surprise and
the Spanish authorities generally were
in a state of utter unreadiness. The
forts were not completed, the harbor
was not mined, there were no search
lights, and the American squadron was
sighted only after it had already pass
ed the outer and principal forts.
On every side in England Is heard
praise of the skill and daring displayed
by Commodore Dewey in a situation
where, if anything miscarried, he would
have been caught in a most desperate
position. At the same time credit is
given Admiral Montijo, who had a
wretched fleet and stood no chance ex
cept from the assistance he might re
ceive from the forts.
The American vessels, however, by
moving to and fro, were easily able to
avoid the badly directed fire from the
forts and, looking to all the circum
stances, it is apparent that the Ameri
can fleet could have received but slight
damage.
The moral influence of the first great
victory is incalculable, and although it
is practically certain that Spain will
not yield until she had tried conclusions
in the Atlantic, where she hopes fur
better luck with her really first-class
fighting squadron, it is believed that a
similar victory in Cuban waters would
produce signs of revolution in Spain,
compelling an endeavor to come to
terms.
The Times says: "The measures ad
vised by the United States naval stra
tegic board seem well conceived to meet
any possible emergency."
The sending of three German men
of-war to the Philippines is much criti
cized.
PORTS OF CHINA AND
JAPAN YET OPEN.
Evidence of a Friendly Disposition
That Will Give Our Vessels a
Chance to Coal.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— lt turns out
that while Japan has given notice that
she will declare neutrality, a decree of
neutrality is not yet actually issued,
so that Yokohama and other advan
tageous ports of Japan continue to be
open to the American fleet. This is
looked upon by the authorities here as
an evidence of the friendly disposition
of Japan toward the United States. It
leaves both the ports of China and
Japan open to our ships. When the
Japanese decree of neutrality is is
sued, there is a strong hope, based on
reliable information, that it will con
tain what is known as a "hospita nl '
coal clause." This would afford ample
facilities to warships to lay in a neces
sary coal supply at Japanese ports, to
carry them to the next home port.
While the privilege could be enjoyed by
Spain as well as the United States, yet
the effect would be of distinct ad
vantage to the United States, as it is in
Asiatic waters that the United States
most needs hospitable ports for coaling.
RECALLS FARRAGUT
AND MOBILE BAY
Ex-President Harrison Talks of the
Glorious Achievement of Com
modore Dewey.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 2.— General
Benjamin Harrison was seen at his
home to-ni^ht and asked for an expres
sion on the great naval victory. He
prepared the following expression:
"If the accounts we have received are
correct, the performance of our fleet
under Commodore Dewey at Manila
will take a very high place in naval
history. The passing at night into a
harbor that was mined, to encounter
at dawn the Spanish fleet under the
guns of heavy land fortifications, and
that without any reconnolssance or dil
atory preliminaries, was a magnificent
exhibition of pluck. It recalls Farragut
and Mobile Bay. The fight must have
been very hot. and we can hardly, I
suppose, have escaped some losses in
the gallant crew— if not of ships. I
have undaunted faith in the American
navy. Ship for ship and man for ma*" —
it is unn.atched."
ALL EUROPE IS
IMPRESSED BY
THE VICTORY
Realizes That American Ships (ire
Well Able to Hold Theiri Owq
With Any Afloat.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— lt is likely that the Government will re
tain possession of at least one good port, such as Manilja, for a coal
ing station and base of supplies during the remainder jof the war.
There was understood to be a considerable force in the Philippines and
a large number of natives are said to be "loyal," mean! ng, in that
sense, attached to fche Spanißh fortunes. With this material on one
hand and the insurgents on the other, the latter stimul ited by the
overthrow of the Spanish at Manila, it Is probable that civil war may
rage on the islands for some time outside of Manila proper. It is be
lieved the officials have not decided what to do with the islands at the
end of the war, but in their possession the United State s will enjoy
a powerful weapon in enforcing terms of peace with Spain. Supposing
Porto Rica shall next be seized, it would seem that Spain vill have lit
tle to encourage her in further resistance, particularly as the fall of
Porto Rico would mean the loss of her ironclad fleet shoulc it cross the
Atlantic. There is no talk yet of European intervention,
but one of the most beneficial results of Devey's victory
yesterday is that a deep impression has been made upon (he European
powers, which can now no longer afford to blind themselves to the fact
that, man to man, the American navy is equal to any in the world.
There was no exhibition such as was sneeringly predicted in the Euro
pean press, of weakness in the American fleet, caused by the fact that
it was of heterogeneous composition. It is safe to say that after the
battle at Manila the European powers will conclude that the American
flag always floats over an American crew, regardless of the national
ity or racial descent of the men who fight behind the guns.
The impression produced is likely to deter the European powers
from hasty intervention, and the present indications are that we shall
be left to settle our affairs with Spain at our own pleasure, providing
we do not get involved in the Eastern question through obtaining pos
session of the Philippines.
It is entirely possible that Commodore Dewey may secure his pro
motion to the rank of admiral through the splendid exhibition of pluck,
discretion and sailor qualities he made in yesterday's engagement. The
naval law, however, does not permit of promotion except by seniority,
so that it' would probably be requisite for Congress to pass a special
resolution, such as was done in the case of Commodore Melville, to
afford him a well-earned promotion.
GERMAN DISTRUST.
BERLIN, May 2.— lt Is believed
In political circles here that
America has gained a prize she
really had in view, having prom
ised not to annex Cuba but giv
ing no promise as to the Philip
pines.
NATAL MILITIA
VERY PATRIOTIC
State Reserve Command
ers Extend Aid to the
Government
Anxious to Man the Monitors
on the Atlantic Sea
board.
The War Department Losing No Time
in Completing Plans for the
Invafcion of Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 2.— The naval
militia of the country is hastening to
extend its aid to the Government. Com
mander Emerson of the Maryland na
val militia came to the Navy Depart
ment to-day and informed Lieutenant
Gibbons, the energetic young officer
who has done so much to for . the na
val militia, that he has gathered an
other battalion of 130 men which would
be ready soon for active service.
Commander Little of the Rhode Is- j
land naval militia was also a visitor at
the department and explained that he
had 200 men ready for mobilization.
Commander N -ton of the North Caro
lina naval militia called personally and
succeeded in h~ '.ng the department j
change its order made in the case of the j
monitor Nantucket, ro as to allow the j
North Carolina militia, instead of the
militia of South Carolina, to take that
monitor from Wilmington to Port
Royal.
Four flags were displayed to-day for
the first time in many months from the
staffs of the State, War and Navy De
partment buildings, and on the east
front a huge garrison flag floated, all
in honor of the victory of the American
fleet at Manila yesterday.
The War Department is bending all
its energies to the mustering in of the
volunteers and the recruiting of the
regular army to Its full war strength of
60,000 men. „
Secretary Alger and General Miles
had a long conference with the Presi
dent this afternoon, presumably in re
gard to appointments to the volun
teer service. -
In a few days all the troops that have
been ordered to Tampa are expected to
reach that place, and the eight large
transports which are to conduct the
first expedition to Cuba have been or
dered to proceed to Tampa. The of
ficials, however, decline to m.-ike public
any information regarding the expedi
tion or the place In Cuba- where it is
to land. The Quartermaster's Depart
ment has begun negotiations with rail
road companies for the transportation
of volunteers to their mobilizing points,
and it is expected arrangements will
be made for uniform rates on all the
lines, so as to move the troops with the
least expense to the Government. Gen
eral Wesley Merritt, commanding the
Department pf the East with headquar
ters at New York, reported at the War
Department to-day for consultation
with Secretary Alger. The purpose of
his visit, other than stated, was not
divulged. The officers of the Com
missary Department at New York city
to-day opened proposals for supplying
food to an army of 185,000 men if the
Government finds it necessary to con
tract for that number. It is said the
officials are opposed to buying concen
trated foods, on advice of the Medical
Department of the service.
"For my part. I don't think any man
ever does himself any credit by marrying
a woman for her money."
The fac-simil* ■•. /Rtf j*4Fjt JT?^* is on every wrapper
signature of iAk^zt&&AM of CASTOHIA.
LEADERS FOR
ARMY CORPS
Alger Will Send His List
to the President
To-Day.
General Shafter Announces the
Names of His, Staff
Officers.
High Positions to Be Held Open to
Men Who Distinguish Them
balves in Battle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 2.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: General
Shatter has selected his entire staff,
and their names to-day were made
public. Lieutenant-Colonel J. B. Bab
cock has been appointed adjutant-gen
eral; Lieutenant R. H. Noble of the
First Infantry, aid-de-camp; Colonel J.
V. D. Middleston, chief surgeon; Lieu
tenant Frank Green will act as signal
officer, and Colonel William Ludlow
will command the engineering force.
Colonel Ludlow will probably be chief
of the staff.
It is understood that Secretary Alger
has fully decided upon the officers who
will be appointed as major-generals to
command the five corps of the volun
teer army. As yet the names of these
officers have not been made public, but
it was officially told to-day that Gen
eral Joseph Wheeler of Alabama would
receive one of the appointments.
Secretary Alger will send his list of
recommendations for major-generals to
the President to-morrow. In all prob
ability the President win approve the
list as it stands, and immediately send
the names to Congress. Several brig
adier-general appointments will be kept
open, to be filled by officers who dis
tinguish themselves in some manner
upon the field of battle.
Representative Hull, chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, was in
consultation with war officers in regard
to the bill which he has introduced in
Congress providing for an increase in
the volunteer troops. This bill is to
provide particularly for the 10,000 im
munes.
Secretary Alger had another very
busy day. Senators, Representatives
and army officers called at his office
from an early hour this morning until
4 o'clock this afternoon.
SAILS AWAY UNDER
SEALED ORDERS.
Steamship Yale, Formerly the Paris,
Is Now Off on a Mysterious
Mission.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The steamship
Tale, formerly the American liner
Paris, left her docks shortly before 6
o'clock to-nigrht under sealed orders.
When the vessel swung out from her
pier, hundreds of steam vessels on the
river saluted her with their whistles,
and a number of small cannon in the
vicinity boomed salutes. On the bridge
of the Yale stood Captain Watkins, her
former commander, and by his side
Captain W. C. Wise* of the United
States navy, her present commander.
A Sandy Hook pilot was also on the
bridge. The Yale carried a full supply
of stores for an extended cruise, and
had 5000 tors of coal aboard. The last
of the proT!**ons were put in the hold
just before she sailed. A navy yard
tug, with the last of the ammunition
for the rapid-fire guns, arrived at the
pier in the afternoon and the supplies
were rapidly hoisted aboard the Yale.
The last distinguishing mark of the
American liner disappeared late this
afternoon, when the name "Paris" was
painted from her stern and the word
"Yale" substituted in small black let
ters. The only mark which remains
is the white band on each funnel, the
American line funnel mark.
Nevada City's Election.
NEVADA CITY, May 2.— The city elec
tion excited but little interest outside the
contest for Marshal. The following were
elected: Trustees— Thomas H. Carr. J. C.
Rich, A Gault; Marshal, Ed A. Tompkins;
Assessor, George Coughlan; Treasurer,
James B. Gray.
DIPLOMATS ON
THE VICTORY
They Believe Spain- Must
Soon Yield to the
Inevitable.
After Sampson's Fleet Inflicts
a Severe Blow the Powers
Wili interfere.
Then the Spaniards Will Willingly
Withdraw From Cuba in Order to
Save Their Dynasty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 2.— A Washington
dispatch to the Herald says: In no
quarter is more intense interest taken
in newß of the great naval battle of the
Philippines than among diplomats at
Washington. At all embassies and le
gations the deductions made from the
news thus far cabled is the same — a
decisive victory for Admiral Dewey's
fleet.
No official advices have yet been re
j ceived by any of the diplomats, but
without exception they all agree that
Admiral Dewey has not only been suc
| cessful. in the naval engagement, but
' that it is only a question of a few hours
[ when he will have silenced all the Span
i ish guns ashore and taken control of
{ Manila,
With the Philippines now certainly
lost to Spain and an early bombard
ment of Havana, which every one con
cedes will result disastrously to Spain,
diplomats here now are looking for an
early termination of the war. The
Spanish defeat at Manila will undoubt
edly have a demoralizing effect in Mad
rid and tend to complicate an already
critical situation. Another crushing
blow in Cuban waters ought, in the
opinion of most diplomats here, to place
Spain in a position where she will be
suing for terms of peace. This will un
doubtedly be the advice given her by
the powers.
Leading diplomats here say that no
European intervention is likely to en
sue as a result of the Spanish disaster
in the Philippines. They still consider
that the main bone of contention — the
ending of the war in Cuba and the es
tablishment of an independent form of
government — remains unsettled and
that there will be no justification for
Interfering from any quarter until the
United States has completely removed
Spain from Cuba. With the victory of
Admiral Dewey's fleet in the Pacific,
repeated by Admiral Sampson's in the
Atlantic, the powers will then bring
pressure upon Spain to submit to the
inevitable and withdraw her forces
from Cuba.
Appreciating as she must her weak
ness both at home and abroad Spain
will in all probability be gl«d to yield
to the advice of the powers, especially
if it Is coupled with an assurance of the
preservation of the prese t dynasty.
At least this is the general opinion here
to-night among members of the diplo
matic corps.
NO ACTION ON THE
POOLROOM ORDINANCE
SAWSALITO. May 2.— Contrary to gen
eral expectations, the Town Council did
not pass to-night ordinance 77, licensing
pool rooms. A petition from Joe Harvey
was presented asking for a license when
the ordinance shall have been passed.
The petition will be acted upon on Mon
'rrustee Sylva (introduced a resolution
declaring the office of Town Recorder va
cantJ H. Pryor holds the office and did
not fulfill his promise to resign at the
meeting to-night. The resolution was
voted down by Dickinson. Ambjornsen
and Crompton. Dickinson wanted to
know the reason for the resolution, and
Svlva gave as the principal one the fact
that Pryor already holds the office of
Town Clerk. He said that at the next
meeting he would give additional reasons
such a nature that the board could
hardly refuse to pass the resolution.
Death at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. May 2.— C. C. Duhaln,
a clerk in the adjutant-general's office,
died to-day, after a short illness. His
father, who now resides in San Francisco,
was a few years ago janitor of the Capi
tol building. The deceased was a popular
young man. His wife died three years
ago. He leaves three young children.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
OBiLMi\ I IIL liLffUi
This paper is the first to break the news that cotton goods are. lower. In
the markets of the world to-day than. ever before in the" world's history. .
We are always found in the front rank. If the war sends army supplies up ;
• we charge a part of the advance. If stagnation : in trade sends neglected
- ■ goods down we give buyers all 'the advantage. --• You will find some marvel- . •
ous cuts in prices on this list. ■.,■•..
DRY-GOODS CUTS. YUKON TRAIL SLED, $3.00
,:— £-' V: ■• ." ■■'-. This is the J6 00 sled, but the season is ad-
Fine Dress Prints, dark or 1ight......"....:... 4c vancins • and we do not want .to _carn! _them
Fine Dimities, dress or waists... Be over, bo name this figure, wholesale or retail.
Plain Blue Lawn, several shades 5c to all alike. . • .• *
Figured Wool Challle, 20 Inches 4c . i ; — : ' • _
Percale, light ground, 36 1nche5........... Be r« n lriln{r Roek6P ." . . .... $7.50
Scotch Plaids, dark, stylish, 28 inches...;... 5c rOlOlng 1 ttUCIVOI ...... *'•«" .
.■ - ■ - ■ . Made to sell, at |12 50 wholesale: will do the
, . ■-■ - work save the gold and save labor In -placer
Low Shoes, ladles or girls, 2%, 3, 3*4 2So mining everywhere; a limited quantity at $7 50.
Fine Oxfords, in closing lots. 3. 3H. 4 50c mlnuiß -f,.- , ■ _
Ladles' Buttonjnoots, $1 60 value closing.... 75c _ . »__j t ailnl i mr *Jtnr>r>h On •
Ladies' Serge Buskins, 4 to 3.... .......;.. ...25c ROCkfOPQI Laundry Ol,arCll . . zc
Plain Toe Kid Shoes. $2 50 quality, 5, 6, 7.. .73 c -ri,i 9 ' . a V'fln'e Starch for laundry "use. worth
Plain Toe or Tipped, ladles, 2, 2H. 3, 4 50c 6cen t a wholesale. We offer a consignment of
• — • ; ■ • ; 25 barrels at 2 cents in lor 5 barrel lots, 3 cents :
Scissors or Shears, from samples... 15c, 20c |at retail. ' ' ;..•• •
Knives, good value, pocket, samples. ;..''. 15c, 23c j ' •■ ' ■' . ,-■■ 'ArC
i Children's Parasols, r many colors :.'..:... 25c j EvaDoF&t6Cl POtatOeS- '..*•■• lOC
| Infants' Little Shirts. 1% years, open front.. 5c *-"•**' w *'* u x : t^r* ,«■.«,♦»* v\U,tt * •
' Every-day Hose. gray.-best, 3to 8 years.... 7c We have made the E\ aporated Fruits _and .
Lades' Black Hose, • seamless, extra:......... 10c Vegetables a great leader in our business, will*
Ladles' Handsome Black Capes, stylish.... s3 25 I Klondike buyers. ••.'"-•'. : •'.
Ladies' or Gent's Trim Tailoring to order. . See samples In the w"lnd.ow; ; ... .
Dress work in modern style by experienced cutters and drapers. .". •-.•_'
Some Carpet bargains and House-Furnishings that save money. >.'.'.
The cash plan of buying and selling family; supplies cures "hard limes."
, Deliveries In ■ town or - across ). the bay are promptly made • every day. . i •
San ? The Livest and Liveliest Store in the City
'^^^SHB^ -'TheLivestand Liveliest Storein'.the City
MRS /MSb&EmJ ' A " car "neB" ne8 terminate here. 7 big floors bulging
**H|h«^- ~^s!x*Y*Wf*/ with goods at retail to consumers everywhere .for cash
T^BKBfc|j||s| Wr/ only. 44-page list ready. Send for it. We" guarantee
■■•,- a " the goods we sell. Liberality our motto. The star*
' :^**^yf^^^^^ < '^^* ; ". that deals honestly with all the people— the time.
25=27 MARKET STREET, S. P.
SPANISH TALE
OF A VICTORY
Troops Said to Have Com
pelled Our Warships
to Retreat.
No Losses Sustained by Blan
co's Men in the Reported
Combat.
Only One United States Cruiser Is
Now in Sight of the
City.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, May 2.— To-day was th«
Spanish national holiday, In commem
oration of the victory ninety years ap^
at Madrid over the French, and it
passed off with considerable enthusi
asm. The Spanish are confident th:>t
"soon will occur another glorious deed
of valor against the stranger, thus per
petuating Spanish renown."
At 4:30 this afternoon, when this dis
patch is sent, three American warships
are in sight of Havana.
At 6:30 o'clock last Friday evening
an American ironclad, three smaller
vessels and six boats, evidently Intend
ed to be used in landing marines, ap
peared in front of Herradura Beach,
on Cabanas Bay. The Spanish gueril
las fired upon them and the American
ships answered the fire with cannon.
The guerrilla troops were then re-en
forced by Spanish regulars. The
American fleet retired and about two
hours afterward moved in the direction
of Dominica Beach. The Spanish
troops suffered no losses and nothing
is known as to the Ic-ss of any of the
Americans.
Yesterday morning, about 9 o'clock,
the American squadron began to move
in front of Havana. From' the shore
the principal vessel seemed to be the
lowa, and not the Indiana, judging
from the tall smokestack and the
abundant deckwc-rk.
At about 10:30 in the morning the
correspondent saw six vessels forme 1
in battle line and moving toward
Florida. At the same time a fast v*s
sel, going at full speed and at a ■-
distance from shore, passed from West
to east, returning at 11:30 a. m. and
joining three other vessels, which in the
meantime had come together In front
of Havana, where they were drawn up
in battle line. At 11:30 p. m. (Sunday)
all but one had disappeared.
At 3 o'clock this afternoon the British
cruiser Talbot appeared in front of
Morro Castle and saluted, the saluta
tion being answered from Cabanas fort
ress. The Talbot did not enter the har
bor, but sent an officer in a launch who
delivered documents to Mr. Gollan, the
British Consul, after which he accom
panied Mr. Gollan to pay hiß respects
to the Spanish admiral.
Mr. Gollan and Mr. Jerome, the Brit
ish Vice-consul, later visited ¥\\a
palace, where they had a conference
with General Blanco and his. chief of
staff. General i'ando.
Senor Marin Concepcion Duarte, a
Portuguese, has presented to. Mr. Gol
lan. in the latter's capacity as represen
tative of Americans, a claim for $50,000
in gold and bank paper for the bank of
Madrid, together with a claim for Jew
elry, cloth and other merchandise,
which he declares was taken by the
crew of the American warship which
captured the Spanish passenger steam
er Argonauta.
FOUND GUILTY OF MURDER.
Mercy Recommended in the Case of
Charles Worthington. ' •• .";
FRESNO. May 2.— Charles -Worthitigr'ton
was to-night fonnd guilty of • murder in
the first degree for the shooting of W.-L.-
Motley a month ago, with a recpmniehjla
tion for life Imprisonment. The defen
dant had been on trial since ..last Thurs
day. He and Motley were employed- on
John R. Hlte's ranch, and on April 2."fuV
a tight over a slight disagreement. Wot
thington was hit on the head. with a club
by Motley's son. and he then went to the
house and procured a shotgun. He wait
ed until Motley came up and; then shot
him. Five of the jurors voted on the first
ballot for capital punishment.
It is estimated that the people of Eng
land spend £250,000 a day In furniture
moving.BLOCKADING SQUADRON ON
THE CUBAN COAST ACTIVE
CAPTURE OF A
RICH PRIZE, AN
OCEAN BATTLE
After Taking a Spanish Steamer Near
Cienfue&os United States Cruisers
Quickly Rout a Gunboat.
OX BOARD THE HERALD-CALL DISPATCH-BOAT, SOMMERS N. SMITH, off Sand Key. via Key
West. . Fla., May 2. — The cruisers Marblehead and Nashville and the converted yacht Eagle, forming the fourth
division of the N rth Atlantic squadron and under command of Commander Bowman H. McCalla of the Marblehead.
- i the early part of iast week for the south coast of Cuba. The division arrived off Cienfuegos on Friday morning.
About 10 o'clock the Nashville sighted a steamer to the westward and began a chase. After a couple of hours the
steamer was hove to by a shot across her bows, and an armed boat's crew was sent aboard.
The prize proved to be the Spanish mail steamer Argonata. bound from Batabano for Cienfuegos. The Ar
ata is an ir."i steamer 1 1 about =00 tons burden, single screw and two-masted, schooner rigged, laden with a general
nd carrying forty passengers. Among the latter were ten Spanish officers and ten soldiers. These, with their
is and accoutrements and 500 rounds of ammunition, were transferred to the Nashville. The prize was captured
• ighl miles west of Cienfuegos. The Marblehead steamed toward the Nashville and the Argonata and Eagle re
. .::.. lined at the entrance t" the harbor.
At half-past v o'clock the Eagle was seen to begin firing her guns. She hoisted a signal that she was being
icked by the enemy's torpedo-boats. The Marblehead steamed to the assistance of the little Eagle, which was
hg her two guns. The Spanish torpedo-boat was inside the harbor firing her eight-inch guns at the Eagle, but at
range, about 5000 yard-*.
• "•■ The Marblehead was tired upon as soon as she was off the western point of the entrance to the harbor. Then
: . '■'.<;■ McCalla opened lire with his five-inch guns, and the torpedo-boat beat a hasty retreat. Many shells
iboul the Eagle, and it is fortunate she was not struck. The range was long for the six-pounders with which the
lin Southerland, commanding the Eagle, says he thinks he struck the enemy several times. It
■ mown with certainty if any damage was done to the torpedo-boat. After the transfer of the prisoners from
to the Nashville the passengers of the Argonata were sent ashore under flags of truce in their own boats.
.vow from the Nashville was put aboard the prize, and Ensign H. C. Kutzli was put in charge of it. After cruising
trance to the harbor until late in the afternoon the squadron steamed to the westward. The Nashville
it-to Key West for coal.
All the captured officers were lieutenants except one. Colonel Vicente de Cortigo y Navarro, commanding a
'. criVri ;- v regiment of Principe, who was on his way to Spain to be promoted to a generalship. The other officers had
k cc . i near Batabano. and were being transferred to another station. The soldiers were bound
f or . ; [ c Cuba. They are a sickly looking lot and showing the effect of the climate on Europeans. Colonel
Vie( . _ «>o soldiers have "been sent from Spain, and to-day only 60.000 are fit for duty.
WILL IMPROVE
DEFENSES OF THE
EASTERN COAST
Secretary Alger Fears Spain's
Ships May Retaliate for
Loss of the Phil=
Ippines,
NISW YORK, May 2.— A Washington
. il'to tho Herald says: Fearing an
attack upon the seaports of the North
Atlantic coast by the Spanish men-of
now on .their way to wester:! w;i
ters, S • ■ Alger took steps to-day
rther Improve the sea coast de
■ here Is excellent authority for
that the administration
the Spanish men-of-war will
• ppear at some port on the coast and
pt to retaliate for the loss of the
mds by doing as much
;-' as possible, and when this
nrorh I completed, to sail with
a!! speed to Porto Rico, and ifnecessary
fit th«ir way Into San Juan.
As to the point where Spain will
strike, the authorities are totally un-
N-.v York is considered in
g >d condition to resist attack,
:his is not the case with the New
England cities and with ports along the
COMMANDER BOWMAN H. McCALLA of the Cruiser
Marblehead.
"Woodford Returning Home.
PARIS, May 2.—General Stewart L. I
Woodford, former United States Mm- '
ister at Madrid, is a passenger on
board La Touraine, which left Havre ;
Saturday for New York.
Vermont's Volunteers.
GHESTER, Vt., May 2.—Governor
Copyrighted. 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
Southern coast. Captain W. P. Duvall.
military aide to Secretary Alger, has
been inspecting the defenses of Boston
and other New England cities for sev
j eral days, and his report shows they
| are in a" bad condition. It was to pre
vent Spanish privateers from ravaging
the Northeast coast that the cruisers
! Columbia and Minneapolis were sent to
patrol duty there, and the mobilization
of the Northern patrol squadron at
Provincetown is with the view of hav
ing a naval force handy to resist an
attack on any of the Northeastern
ports. Instructions to the commanding
officers of the auxiliary cruisers
Yankee. Prairie. Dixie and Yosemite re
quire them to join the flagship San
Francisco at Provincetown without de
lay. Their crews will have gun prac
tice on the way and will be given as
much training ns possible. Besides
1 Commodore Howell's squadron the
ports will be defended by great guns
and General Merritt will improve the
I fortifications as r-uch as possible.
Grouth called an extra session of the
Legislature for May 5 to provide funds
for the subsistence and transportation
of Vermont troops. The State militia
will be mobilized on Saturday, May 7,
at Brattleboro.
Th*> standard of height in the British
army is greater than in the army of any
other nation.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, IS9B.
LEO PROSTRATED.
ROME, May 2.— The Pope Is
prostrated by the news from Ma
nila. He expressed gTeat horror
at the terrible loss of life, and
said he wished he had died be
fore seeing such a war.
IN SYMPATHY
WITH AMERICA
Majority of the People of
England Against
Spain.
Scotland and Northern Ireland
Practically Solid lor the
United States.
Non-Conformists Are All Pro-Ameri
can, While tho Roman Caiholies
Favor Spain.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 2.— The question as to
i whether British sympathy is really
■ with America is still agitating those
who are chiefly interested in establish
ing- a good understanding between the
two nations. Alfred Harmsvvorth
who, personally and through his paper,
has been doing the most efficient work
in this direction is convinced that a
large majority of the people of the
United Kingdom are unreservedly in
sympathy with the United States. He
bases his conviction on a careful can
vass of the country, which he has-* just
completed. It shows that Scotland is
practically solid for America, and that
Ireland, except in the north, is hostile
to America. Of the merchants, ship
pers and business men generally, 30
per cent are keenly American; 35 per
cent are neutral and 35 per cent are
against war anywhere.
The non-conformists are solidly pro-
American, while 90 per cent of the Ro
man Catholics are pro-Spanish in all
cases, according tn the figures collected.
The British aristocracy, aside from
the Catholics, is evenly divided, while
the Jews are opposed to America.
On the subject of Catholic opposition
to America, the Daily Mail in an article
printed to-day, says: "It is largely due
to distinguished members of the Catho
lic artistocracy and to the Catholic pre
lacy of the United Kingdom and Ire
land that a slight sympathy for Spain
has been worked up during the past
few days. The priests and people alike
are intent on showing th'ir interest in
the country which is a firmer stmng
hold of tho church than Italy, and great
efforts are making to force the trend of
public opinion. This fact and the
strong Irish feeling explains why so
few Nationalist members of the House
of Commons have spoken publicly in
favor of the United States. Redmond
and Dillon have spoken, but the latter
was immediately attacked by the
widely circulated Catholic organ in
England, tho Catholic Times."
AN EXODUS FROM
THE CANARIES
Business Paralyzed and Great Dis
tress Among Poor People of the
islands Threatened.
LONDON, May 3.— A dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Las Palrnas, dated
April 23, says: The exodus continues.
Business is paralyzed and great dis
tress among the working classes is
threatened. The strict censorship of
telegrams prevents any news getting to
the outside world.
PACIFIC PORTS
ARE NOW SAFE
FROM ATTACK
NEW YORK, May 2— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: In destroying the Span
ish fleet before attempting: to take a port
in the Philippines for use as a base of
operations, Commodore Dewey has act
ed in accordance With orders sent to
him by Secretary Long. It can be
stated on high authority that Secretary
Long cabled Commodore Dewey eight
days ago informing him that war had
broken out between the United States
and Spain and directing him to sail at
once for the Philippines and commence
operations. His attention was specially
called to the Spanish fleet, which Sec
retary Long declared "must" be cap
tured or destroyed before any other
action was taken.
That Dewey carried out his Instruc
tions to the letter is now a matter of
history- But the destruction of the
Spanish fleet and seizure of the islands
this Government has taken a step
which, it is believed, will prevent Spain
from conducting: any operations what
ever against ports on the Pacific Coast.
What the officials have feared has been
in the event of Commodore Dewey's re
pulse the Spanish men-of-war in the
Philippines would harass the American
trade with the Orient; that privateers
would .be fitted out and that in a short
time American commerce would be
driven from the Pacific. With the Span
ish fleet destroyed this fear fled.
Having effectually disposed of the
Spanish men-of-war, Commodore
Dewey, under department instructions,
will nt once turn every attention to the
capture of Manila, and it is the firm
expectation of the department that the
insurgents of the island will aid him
in his assault upon that city. Sanguine
of success, the officials are now with
drawing their attention from the Phil
ippines and are centering it on Cuba
and the Atlantic.
Commander R. Bradford of the Bu
reau of Equipment, by direction of Sec
retary Long, telegraphed to-day to
Rear Admiral Kirkland, commandant
of Mare Island navy yard, to ascertain
the amount of coal which this Govern
ment has at that point and a reply was
received in the afternoon showing that
there are 4000 tons at that point. The
department is seriously considering the
advisability of sending colliers laden
with coal to the Philippines for the use
of American men-of-war. This will not
On the Deck of a Yankee Man-of-War in Action*
[be done, however, until Commodore
! Dewey has been heard from and he
' Bhows it is necessary for him to obtain
■ supplies. In this event the cruiser
! Charleston, which has been ordered into
j commission, will convoy the colliers
! and act as general supply ship to Ma
j nila. As Commodore Dewey was given
1 carte blanche in the matter of purehas
! ing supplies it is believed in naval cir
cles that he has contracted for coal
and such other supplies to be delivered
on the high seas as he may need. Be
sides, it was pointed out to-day that the
j collier Nanshan, which accompanied
! hia fleet, had a cargo of 3."00 tons and
i in addition the vessels were loaded to
' their fullest bunker capacity with coal.
j It was estimated by Engineer-in-Chief
Melville that only one-tenth of the to
tal coal capacity of each ship had been
exhausted in making the slow run from
Hongkong to Manila and that the ves
sels can go without coaling for some
time. From the Nanshan it will be pos
sible to recoal every ship. It is also be
lieved that the supply ship Zarlro which
j had ammunition aad other supplies
i aboard also carried coal. So far as the
ammunition of the ships is concerned
Captain Charles O'Neil. chief of the
Bureau of Ordnance, told me that there
need be no fear that Commodore Dew
cy's vessels would run out of ammuni
' tlon.
Rear Admiral Walker, who since noy-
I hood has been to Commodore Dewey as
I Damon to Pythias, expresses himself
to-day as highly gratified with the news
received from the Philippines.
"As far as we can judge." said Ad
miral Walker, "the Spanish fleet at
that point has been annihilated. The
job was done in a neat and workman
like manner that must command the
admiration of the world. Dewey is a
gallant officer, thorough and possessing
the sand to achieve such a victory, and
he has fine officers with him. I knew
he would do this thing the best way
when I heard of his being chosen for
the place. 'Don't be afarid; Dewey
will come out ahead." I said to friends,
when discussing this enagagement as
I a probability. It is great luck for
Dewey to have this chance, for we are
not fighting people, you know. He
served bravely and with distinction
during the civil war, but he was a sub
ordinate officer.
"It is great luck," continued Admiral
Walker. reflectively, as if regretting the
fact that he had not himself the
privilege of risking his life for glory
and country by the side of his deax
,est friend.
INVADING ARMY
TO BE DISPATCHED
TO CUBA AT ONCE
NEW YORK, May 2.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
While careful to announce that serious
consideration is being given the advis
ability of delaying the dispatch of the
army expedition to Cuba, the authori
ties are steadily continuing their efforts
to effect the capture and occupation of
a base of supplies. These efforts will
culminate within the next two or three
days in an attack which will be made
by the vessels of Rear Admiral Samp
son's fleet upon the port selected for
capture.
It was admited by the authorities
that the publication by the Herald yes
terday of the information that the
Spanish fleet is bound west caused them
to consider the advisability of delaying
the transportation of a force to Cuba,
but at a conference held at the White
House this afternoon it was determined
to proceed with the preparations for
dispatching the expedition. Secretary
Alger was in consultation to-day with
Secretary Long and Rear Admiral
Sicard, the latter being president of the
Naval War Board, in order to make
the co-operation of the army and navy
in the attack upon the Cuban port se
lected for seizure as harmonious as
possible. At the White House confer
ence, which was participated in by the
President, Secretary Alger, Secretary
Long and Major-General Miles, plans
were discussed.
It is understood that it has been
practically determined to order by
Thursday morning more than 6000
troops to leave Tampa and go directly
to Cuba. The Government has pro
vided the necessary transports to carry
the men and all the needfui provisions
are now on hand at Tampa. General
Shafter and his staff have probably by
this time .established their headquarters
with the invading army, and are only
awaiting the final orders from Wash
ington before beginnning the move
ment which will undoubtedly free
Cuba.
As soon as the army lands on Cuban
soil a union will be effected with the
insurgents, and an immediate move
will be made against Havana.
In determining to send the army to
Cuba the authorities have been guided
by their conviction that the American
fleet will easily dispose of the Spanish
men-of-war now on their way west.
The naval war board has been care
: fully considering the point where the
I enemy's fleet is apt to strike, and It is
the opinion of the members that an.
effort will be made to flre a port in
order to do as much damage as possi
ble, after which the attacking fleet wilt
scurry to Porto Rico.
The auxiliary cruiser St. Louis is ex
expected to arrive in the vicinity of
Porto Rico by Thursday, and the auxil
iary cruiser Harvard, which was in her
company when she sailed from New
York, is expected to proceed to a>
point between Porto Rico and the CaTv
ary Islands. These two vessels are
solely on scouting duty. When the
auxiliary cruiser St. Paul leaves
League island she will have on board »
supply of coal sufficient to keep her at
sea for a month at least, and it is ex
pected that she will create great havoc
among Spanish merchantmen, besides
gathering information which will be of
prreat value to this Government. Ii can
be stated authoritatively that as sooo.
as the Spanish fleet is reported at mr;
point there will be, as the Herald has
stated, a junction of the armor c!ad3
of the North Atlantic and flying squad
rons, and under the command of Rear
Admiral Sampeon this fore? will meve
to give battle to the enemy.
It has been determined that the naval
policy of this Government in its opera
tion in the Atlantic shall be primarily
defensive, and if Spain wantd a sea
fight she must seek it.
As the Spanish men-of-war cannot
arrive at Porto Rico before Friday the
authorities believe that th^ Cuban port
can be taken and the army landed an,a
offensive operations begun a.snirst
Havana, which can be conMiuied by the
monitors, protected cruisers and other
vessels when it becomes ne< es«a' y to
withdraw the lowa. Indiana and New
York and unite them with Oom-niodora
Schley's fleet.
COMING "TO "BOMBARD
AN AMERICAN PORT.
PARIS, May I.— The Eclair ■ says:
"Commercial Europe, especially Great •
Britain, could not tolerate the Ameri
cans' capture of Las Palmas."
Continuing, hte Eclair says: "An
autonomist deputy from Havana to the
Spanish Chamber says the Spanish
squadron which has just left St. Vin
cent contemplates the bombardment of
an American port. It is not likely that
there will be a fight in Cuban waters.
Havana is being amply fortified to r»
gist the American fleet."
34
EMERGENCY
MEASURE IS
NOW PASSED
Both Houses of Congress
Unanimous in Granting
Funds for War.
Naval Appropriation Bill Is Also
Finally Passed and Goes at
Once to President McKin
ley for Approval.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 2.
Beveral war measures were passed by
the Senate to-day, and notwithstand
ing their importance, not one of them
elicited the slightest debate. Probably
the most important measure passed by
the Senate was the emergency war de
ficiency bill, carrying $36,720,945. Not
more than ten minutes were consumed
In passing it, that time being occupied
in reading the measure.
.Hawley, chairman of the Military Af
fairs Committee, secured the passage
of a bill providing for the enlistment of
a volunteer brigade of engineers and of
10,000 men in the South who are immune
to yellow fever, these enlistments to be
in addition to those provided for in the
President's call for 125,000 volunteers.
The men will enlist "for the war."
Two other war measures were passed,
one suspending, for the duration of the
war, the resmctions placed by existing
laws upon the quartermaster's depart
ment of the army in order that supplies
may be purchased without the present j
formalities; and the others providing
that owners of mining claims shall not
forfeit them for not performing assess
ment work upon them, provided they
enlist for the war. The war revenue
measure massed by the House of Rep
resentatives last Friday was received
by the Senate and referred to the
Finance Committee for consideration.
At the opening of the Senate's session !
the chaplain offered devout thanks fur
th<- glorious victory won by Commodore i
Dcwey's Asiatic squadron.
The final conference report on the naval |
appropriation bill was agreed to.
The resolution presented last Thursday i
by Butler of North Carolina, declaring :
that no necessity existed for ifsuiny
. bonds to provide funds for the war and
in favor of the levying of an income tax ,
was laid before the Senate.
Bmler, in supporting the resolution, de- I
dared. ln favor of paying the expenses of i
the war "us '.ye ko." No issue of bonds
would be necessary if the war was car
ried' on :<s -Lincoln carried on the civil
conflict. If the navy and !and forces of |
the United States were allowed to move j
on the enemy, promptly and aggressively,
the issue would be over before -'the bond \
sharks" could further succeed in "mort- j
gaging the future of our own people."
The resolution was then referred to the |
finance committee.
The Senate agreed* on motion of Allen, ]
to adjourn from to-day until Wednesday
next, and at 1 o'clock went into execu
tive.
At 2:30 o'clock the doors of the Senate
were opened. The Senate took a recess
until 3 o'clock to await the emergency
war appropriation bill.
When tne Senate reconvened at 3
o'clock the bill was passed to amend the
postal laws relating to the use of postal
cards, so that persons using cards may
provide them under certain restrictions,
and mail them by placing upon each a
one-cent stamp.
The emergency war appropriation bill
was received by the Senate, and Hale
-asked that it be laid before the Senate
and considered at once.
Cha-ndler of New Hampshire inquired
whether the bill had be-en properly con
sidered by the committee.
Hawley, thinking that Chandler referred
to his bill, replied hotly, addressing
Chandler directly.
"That is two or three times the gentle
man has asked me that question about
bills T have reported. I have already stat
ed that the bill was duly considered. I
want you to understand that when I
bring a bill from my committee I tell
the truth about it. The committee has
j^lver: that bill full consideration."
"Do I " understand the Senator from
• Connecticut to say." inquired Chandler,
"that this army deficiency bill has been
before the committee."
"The bill I have got here is not an ap
propriation bill," replied Hawley.
"if the Senator from Connecticut had
kept his temper, he would have learned
that the bill I addressed my remarks to
was not his bill. If he would listen before
he undertakes to lecture me it would do
him good," replied Chandler.
"I do not desire to enter into any dis
cussion with the Senator," replied Haw
ley.
"I think the Senator had better not,"
said Cfiandler. "I addressed myself to
the bill that came from the House of
Representatives and the Senator lectured
me on an entirely different bill."
The war deficiency measure was read
at length and passed without a word of
debate.
The Senate then, at 4 o'clock, under the
order previously made, adjourned until
Wednesday.
TWO SPANISH
SUSPECTS SEEN
Started for Santa Cruz on
the Day of the Ex
plosion.
Stopped at a Store In Watson
ville to Buy Rubber
Washers.
One. Was Dressed in the Costumo of
His Country and Maintained
Rigid Silence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, May 2.— Supervisor
James A. Linscott of Watsonville be
lieves he has a clew to persons who, he
thinks, might know something about
the powder mill explosion. He was in
his store at Watsonville on the morn
ing of the explosion. At about 9 o'clock
two Spaniards entered the store, one of
whom was attired in the regulation
Spanish costume. The other wore drab
clothes. The one in the Spanish cos
tume had nothing to say, but the other
Call Office, Rlggs House,
Washington, May 2.
The passage of the emergency war
bill was the feature of to-day's action
by the House. The naval appropriation
bill, with the Senate amendment pro
viding for the payment of officers of the
navy for the use of their inventions by
the Government stricken out, was re
ported from the conference and passed.
It now goes to the President.
Cannon, in explaining the necessity of
the emergency war appropriation,
pointed out that there was not a dollar
available from any source to meet these
demands. Prompt <u:tion was demanded
in each instance to place at the dispo
sal of the authorities means to equip
and make most efficient the forces of
the United States.
Steele of Indiana, Interrupting, said
he had been advised at the War De
partment that the Federal Government
would pay and desired to pay imme
diately volunteers from the moment of
their enrollment, and Sayers added that
the Government would pay all expenses
of volunteers incident to their move
ment from their homes to the place of
enrollment.
Dingley of Maine called attention to
the probable expense of the war and
necessity for extraordinary revenue. He
said the $50,000,000 appropriated for de
fense had been exhausted; that the
present emergency bill carried $36,000,
000 and the expenditures made neces
sary by reason of the war would prob
ably amount very soon to $100,000,000
because of the fortification appropria
tions.
The bill was then passed without
division.
Lacey of lowa presented the confer
ence report on the general Alaskan bill
extending the homestead laws to and i
granting railroads rights of way In the !
Territory.
Loud reserved a point of order pend- |
ing an explanation of the measure as j
involving new legislation. The confer- I
ence measure carried among other im-.
portant provisions one for the creation j
of a commission to consider the North i
Atlantic fishery question and another
to promote reciprocal trade relations
between the United States and Canada.
Dingley protested against the fea
ture orf the report creating a commis
sion to consider the North Atlantic
fishery question and other controver
sies. He believed the conferees had ex
ceeded their authority in incorporating
the resolution, and moreover, the posi
tion itself was not such to command
such support.
Moody of Massachusetts spoke, and
concluded by making a point of order
against the amendment that it was be
yond the jurisdiction of the conferees
as being beyond their duties.
Shafroth of Colorado spoke in sup
port of the conference report.
Speaker Reed 'sustained the point of
order made by Moody and the report
was declared rejected, and another con
ference asked with Lacey, Shafroth
and Ellis as House conferees.
Boutelle of the conferees on the
naval bill announced the result of a
further conference with the Senate in
an agreement whereby the amendment
providing for the compensation of na
val officers for governmental use of
their inventions had been stricken out.
It was this amendment to which the
House objected on Saturday, and it
having been eliminated the bill and
conference report were accepted.
The bill to increase the number of
surgeons in the army was passed.
Loud of California called up a reso
lution providing for the creation of a
congressional commission to make an
exhaustive examination into the postal
service. In support of the resolution
Loud and Fleming of Georgia said fre
quent statements had been made in
Congress and the press suggesting
abuses that had grown up in the ser
vice, and the field was apparently one
inviting investigation.
The resolution was passed.
The bill providing for the suspension
of certain statutes relating to the Com
missary Department was received from
the Senate with Senate- amendments,
and on motion of Hull the House voted
to non-concur.
At 4:35 p. m. the House adjourned.
one asked for rubber washers, but could
not find the kind desired.
At the time Mr. Linscott spoke to his
clerk about his suspicion, and said he
would follow them up. They drove
away toward Santa Cruz. When he
heard of the explosion he thought of
the men who had been in his store that
morning.
The inquest over those killed in the
powder mill explosion was to have been
held this morning at 10 o'clock, but
Coroner Clark has not yet grot all the
witnesses desired. The inquest has
been set for Wednesday morning at
9:30 o'clock. The result is watched
with much interest.
WOODLAND, May 2.— Captain Ward
forwarded to headquarters to-day a roll
containing the names of all members
of Company F, who pledge themselves
that when notified by the Governor
they will present themselves for muster
into the United States service. The poll
contained eighty-three names. The roll
was accompanied by the assurance that
the company would be recruited to the
maximum number. The company was
inspected this evening by Colonel J. T.
Hay of Fresno.
VALLEJO. May 2.— Lieutenant Moses
of the Marine Corps left this afternoon
for the Norfolk Navy Yard. The
Charleston will go into commission on
Thursday. There has been no assign
ment of officers as yet.
Will Not Intervene at Present.
LONDON, May 3.—The Vienna cor
respondent of the Times says: In well
informed circles it is positively denied
that the powers will intervene at the
present juncture, nor has any agree
ment been arrived at for mediation at
any future time. The disparity of
views ie considered enough to render
highly improbable the co-operation of
all six powers in any diplomatic step,
either at Madrid or Washington.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1898.
WATCHING FOR
SPANISH SHIPS
It Is Believed the Cape
Verde Fleet Is Alter
the Oregon.
If Such Proves to Be the Case
Fast Cruisers Will Be Sent
to the Rescue.
Then No Tim© Will Be Lost in Land
ing an Army to Take Possession
of Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 2.
Elated over the Philippine victory
and reports from British forces that
the Spaniards have surrendered or are
about to surrender Manila, the War
and Navy Departments are eager to
strike a second decisive blow, and this
time it will be in Cuban waters.
When the sailing of the Cape Verde
fleet in a westerly direction was an
nounced it was decided to postpone the
landing of troops on Cuban soil, for it
was feared that Spain's vessels might
be heading for the northern seaboard
to attack one of our coast cities. In
thiß case Admiral Sampson's fleet
would have to withdraw from the
blockade before Havana, join the fly
ing squadron and give battle to the
Spanish fleet wherever it might be.
This would leave the troops landed in
Cuba in a perilous situation. They
would not have had time to fortify
themselves against an attack from
General Blanco's superior force.
While the Navy Department lacks
definite information as to the destina
tion of Spain's fleet, it may be said
upon the authority of a high official or
the department that while Porto Rico
was at first thought to be the fleet's
destination, seine doubt of this is now
entertained, and it has been pointed
out by members of the war board that
Spain, improvident as usual, has failed
to lay in an abundance of coal at Porto
Rico, and could not stand a long siege.
It was also said that it would be sim
ply suicidal for the Spanish fleet to at
tack any of our Atlantic Coast cities,
on account of the same lack of coal.
The British having declined in advance
to supply any coal to war vessels, ex
cept enough to steam them home, the
Spaniards would have no other source
of supply, and they would be at the
mercy of the combined American
fleets.
Where is the Spanish fleet bound
then, if not to the North Atlantic coast
or Cuban waters? That is the question
now agitating the navy. The almost
universal belief is that Spain's vessels
will waylay and attack the Oregon and
Marietta and the report received to-night
to the effect that the Spanish torpedo
boat Temerario had also reached Rio
was calculated to strengthen the belief
that the Oregon and the Marietta are to
be made the victims of Spain's superior
force in numbers.
The department is now considering
a» plan by which the design may be
frustrated. If any one of our fast
cruisers now scouting in the Atlantic
brings news that Spain's fleet is headed
for San Rogue, the flying squadron will
be sent in hot haste to the relief of the
Oregon and Marietta, while Admiral
Sampson's fleet will remain before Ha
vana and assist in landing Shafter's
men.
Having concluded that Spain's fleet
will not have the temerity to attack
Sampson, or the foolhardiness to at
tempt an attack on our coast, the War
Department plans to establish a base of
supplies at or near Matanzaswill be vig
orously pushed.
Based upon information received from
naval officers competent to judge it was
predicted in these dispatches Friday
night that Commodore Dewey's squad
ron would steam economically and ap
pear before Manila Sunday morning;
that a decisive battle would be fought
before sundown in which the Americans
would be victorious. From advices re
ceived from the same source it is be
lieved that by the last of this week a
gpeat naval and military demonstration
will be made in Cuban waters and our
troops will effect a landing at or near
Matanzas.
HAD POISON
FOR GARCIA
Execution of a Spy Who
Joined the Cuban
• Army.
Caught Trying to Drop " Dope"
Into the Food Prepared for
the Insurgent General.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 2.— A Washington
special to the Herald say 3: Lieutenant
Artigo of the Cuban army, now in
Washington, has received a letter from
his cousin, Captain Charles Machado,
now with the insur-ren-. forces, in
which he says:
"The most interesting bit of new 3 I
have to tell you is about tho capture In
our camp of a spy. He was a ion-com
missioned officer, but he tivs no more.
He presented himself to our command
ing general as born Cuban, and was
duly enrolled. His intelligence was of
high character and he was raised from
the ranks. He established close com
panionship with the cook of General
Garcia, a poor and unintelligent negro
from Santa Clara. The spy would have
put poison in the food of our beloved
leader had he not been apprehended.
He was caught red-handed, and con
vincing evidence was found on his per
son. There was a slight disposition to
kill him without a hearing, but the
generosity of our general would not
permit this. He was tried fairly and
executed.
"We have had several encounters
with the enemy, and inflicted consider
able loss on Spain. It has been practi
cally all guerrilla war. We are weary,
but our patience upholds us. We do
little but range around the river so as
to be prepared to cover the landing of
the gallant Nunez when he and our
brothers shall come. The name Amer
ican is a safeguard and passport
throughout this island, except in ■ the
little patches of territory controlled by
the enemy. We recently made prison
ers of three officers of Spain. They are
Captain Loch, Lieutenant Vega and
Lieutenant Martilez."
GENERAL EMILIO AGUINALDO, Chief of the
Manila Insurgents.
SAMPSON WILL
STRIKE A BLOW
AT SPANIARDS
Movement Being Arranged to
Crush the Fleets of the
Enemy in Atlantic
Waters.
Copyrighted, 189 S. by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 2.— There is a feeling here to-day that some
important and decisive movement of Admiral Sampson's fleet is pend
ing. All day there has been an unmistakable bustle of preparations on
the vessels In the harbor. Officers ashore do not conceal their elation
over the prospect of breaking the monotony of the blockade. The news
of Admiral Dewey's brilliant victory has fired them with a spirit of
emulation, and the Spanish battery or ship which comes within the
range of their guns will suffer. In the coming movement sufficient
force will be massed to crush the opposition. From now \on the war in
these waters will probably be conducted more vigorously. Spain had a
chance to peaceably withdraw from Cuba and permit the starving re
concentrados to be relieved. She must now soon face the consequences.
I am not at liberty to disclose the exact nature and location of the com
ing operations, but there is likely to be news from Cuba or other West
ern waters before the week is out.
There is great activity about the Government coaling docks. More
than 200 Cubans have volunteered to join the army of invasion at
Tampa. There was an enormous crowd at the dock to bid the patriots
farewell, and much enthusiasm was displayed. The volunteers marched
from San Carlos Hall to the steamer in a body carrying their baggage.
At the hall they were addressed by General Nunez and other Cuban
leaders.
DEWEY'S LOVE
BATTLE LOST
Years Ago a Spanish Dip
lomat Wonthe Woman
He Adored.
Woed Miss Virginia Lowery
of the "Exclusive Set
in Vain.
An Experience That Probably Gave
the Commodore Zest for His
Work at Manila-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 2.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Club chat
ter among the intimates of Commodore
Dewey revives the fact of a previous
encounter with- Spain ip which he did
not come out first, and causes comment
that he probably enjoyed settling a per
sonal score, along the line of duty to his
country. Love, not war, was the source
of the original trouble. The devotion
of Commodore Dewey to Miss Virginia
Lowery, the handsome dauhter of
Archibald Lowery, one of the most
prominent and wealthy of the exclusive
"residential set" in Washington, is well
known here.
Miss Lowery was beautiful in the
grande dame fashion, and a woman of
definite views as to what would make
up her happiness. When very young
she became engaged to the dashing, im
pecunious secretary of the Spanish Le
gation, Count "Jack" Brunetti. Her
father refused to sanction the affair,
but declining all other offers, even that
of the present hero of the hour, Miss
Lowery kept during twenty years her
plighted troth. Three seasons ago,
however, with the consent of her father,
she became the wife of the Duke d'Ar
cos, her devoted and loyal squire, who
not only had inherited title and estates,
but represented his country as Minister
to Mexico.
The admiral resented bitterly his de
feat by a foreign nation, and it is prob
able sent hot shots with added vim, re
calling the horrid day when Jack tar
Cupid set Spain's flag above the stars
and stripes on the trim craft of his
iicuru' desire.
SPANIARDS IN
A PROCESSION
They Celebrate in Honor
of the Victims of a
Massacre.
While Officials and the Rabble
Are Marching the Streets
the Clouds Lower.
Robledo, Leader of the WeyJerite
Party, Will Interpellate the Gov
ernment as to Manila.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADRID, May 2.— The celebrations
in honor of the Spanish officers, Ruiz,
Daoiz and Velardez, the victims of
Murat's massacre, have proceeded to
day as usual, in spite of the bad news
from the Philippines. A fine proces
sion was headed by the civic guards,
twelve abreast. followed by the
orphans, the Madrid charities, veterans,
municipal functionaries and officials
and others. Several regiments of
troops brought up the rear. The
streets were packed, but there was no
outward display of sorrow.
In political circles, however, im
portant developments are hourly ex
pected. Senor Romero Robledo
(leader of the Weylerite party) will in
terpellate the Government in Congress
to-morrow on the events at Manila, and
the Carlists and Republicans will par
ticipate in the debate, which is expected
to have important results.
It as asserted that the burning of the
Reina Christina was due to American
petroleum bombs and that a number of
thatched huts belonging to natives
were set on fire in the same w r ay.
The procession passed off amid glori
ous sunshine, but there were no pa
triotic speeches.
The minds of the people are too full
of the disaster to think of anything but
avenging the surprise at Manila Bay.
Senor Aguilera, the Civil Governor of
Madrid, did not take part in the pro
cession. All his energies were required
to watch closely popular feeling, which
is certain to explode and to require a
scapegoat.
REJOICING
THROUGHOUT
CALIFORNIA
Dewey's Victory Celebrated
With Cannon and Fire
works.
Men, Women and Children Parade
the Streets and Cheer for
America's Brave
Seamen.
SACRAMENTO, May 2.— The cheers
that went up from Sacramento last
night when the news of Admiral
Dewey's victory came reminded the
older inhabitants of the time when
Lee's surrender was heralded through
out the city. People gathered in throngs
around the various bulletin boards, and
as each dispatch was shown and the
certainty of an American victory estab
lished there was no mistaking the ex
ultant and joyous spirit. Cheer upon
cheer went up. Everywhere were
groups of men warmly praising the
gallant crews of the American fleet,
who had on the first opportunity offered
so valiantly "remembered the Maine."
A company of State troops which had
attended a religious ceremony, marched
down the street about the time the
news came, and Its martial tread and
soldierly bearing fairly set the people
wild.
At the Orpheum, where standing
room was at a premium, Manager
Clifton had arranged to have the war
bulletins read from the stage. When the
news of the victory came, the vast au
dience arose en masse and shook the
very walls with its shouts and cheers
and hurrahs for the boys in blue.
The news spread with lightning ra
pidity, and for hours the streets were
black with a jostling, good-natured
crowd, which made no endeavor to con
ceal its feelings of unbounded joy. One
man, either intoxicated or insane, made
a disparaging remark about a little flag
a bystander had pinned upon his coat.
When the crowd had finished with the
fellow he was more dead than alive.
The excitement continues to-night.
REDWOOD CITY, May 2.— Men,
women and children of Redwood City
are celebrating to-night the victory of
the American fleet at Manila. They are
parading the streets carrying torches,
with k band playing national airs lead
ing the way, while throughout the city
cannon are booming and fireworks are
painting the sky a lurid hue. Bonfires
blaze on street corners and the shriek
ing of whistles adds to the din. The
demonstration bids fair to continue
througout the night.
STOCKTON, May 2.— "Manila has
fallen!" One loud cheer at the bulletin
boardf and with electrical effect the
news of the triumph of the Yankee sail
ors • and their intrepid commander
spread through the business portion of
the city. Sound American lungs and
the promptings of loyal hearts "-aye the
cheers an echo which resounded to the
homes, and ere long women and young
Americas were en route to the scene of
rejoicing.
All day long crowds have followed the
story of the stirring scenes before Man
ila. " "Good boy, Dewey," and other
familiar terms of endearment were
showered upon the admiral. At the
Armory Companies A and B, hard at
work under drill officers, heard the
news, and it was something like the old
rebel yell which shook the building.
Scenes all over town show that the
American habit of self control does not
stay the spirits of rejoicing when that
spirit is in order.
This afternoon Jn a restaurant a
Spaniard boasted that later reports
would show that Spain vanquished the
American fleet. He insulted a waitress
by his aspersions on the country in
which he is enjoying life and property.
He was not mobbed, but the proprietor
ordered him out of the place and some
good advice was given him.
At the Yosemite Theater, where a per
formance was in progress, a bulletin
was read and it was some time before
the performance could be resumed.
People insisted on cheering and sing
ing. When the militia drilled on the
square great enthusiasm prevailed and
the first noisy demonstration since the
war began occurred.
FRESNO, May 2.— The news of Dew
ey's victory was received in this city
with great rejoicing, although no pub
lic demonstration was made. All day
to-day people gathered in knots and
groups on the sidewalks and discussed
the signal victory. A local paper is
sued a special edition and people gath
ered around the bulletins, eager for fur
ther particulars. It was impossible for
many to get within reading distance of
the bulletins on account of t.he great
crowd. Flags floated from the Court
house staff and all public buildings.
There was a great deal of individual
enthusiasm, but it did not take con
certed form in the shape of a demon
stration.
BENICIA, May 2.— A wave of en
thusiasm swept over this place to-night
in consequence of the glorious victory
at Manila. The people have been on a
tension for so many days that the news
of Dewey's great fight has taken all
doubt from their minds and now they
feel as if it was only a question of
time, and a short time at that. Guns
are being fired, bands are playing,
fireworks burning and every man that
can talk is talking.
"WOODLAND. May 2.— "Woodland had
two representatives in the naval en
gagemnt off Manila on Sunday. George
Ball is on the Petrel and William Dun
phy is on the Olympia.
SALINAS, May 2.— On receipt of bul
letins announcing the naval engage
ment off Cavite and the total defeat of
the Spanish fleet by the Americans un
der Commodore Dewey the citizens of
Salinas assembled in crowds, cheering
and shouting. Flags were hoisted on
all public buildings and on many busi
ness houses. As many of the crew on
the American fleet are known in this
vicinity some anxiety exists as to who
were wounded and killed during the
battle.
SAN JOSE, May 2.— Mews of the sur
render of Manila was enthusiastically
received in this city this evening.
Cheers went up when the announcement
was posted. The news had been hourly
expected. It soon spread over the city
and never before were so many happy
faces seen on our streets. Every one
spoke of the brave and gallant fight of
the American navy, and Commodore
Dewey is the lion of the hour and his
name is upon the lips of all.
At Company B's armory great Joy
was expressed over Dewey's success.
This was regular drill night and most
of the boys in blue had their sweet
hearts or sisters with them, as it was
expected that this would be their last
night at home before being ordered to
the front. Ninety-seven of the com
pany have volunteered for Federal
duty, and all of t'.ese expressed a de
sire to go to the Philippine Islands, as
It was announced earlier in the day
that the California militia might be
sent at once to help brave Dewey hold
the islands.
LOS ANGELES. May 2.— Thousands
of enthusiastic citizens paraded the
main streets of the city for an hour this
evening, shouting themselves hoarse
and carrying small flags of the United
States and Cuba. This was merely a
manifestation of the enthusiasm and
joy which had been crystallized during
the day by the receipt of intelligence
of the victory of the American fleet at
the Philippine Islands.
During the entire day vast crowds
gathered about the bulletin boards. As
day grew on the satisfaction of. the
readers became greater. The grand
parade this evening was purely an in
formal affair. It was not worked up
by any one, but was merely a spon
taneous outburst of satisfaction over
the victory which crowned the Ameri
can flag. Democrats, Republicans,
Populists and Silver Republicans were
in line— old and young alike. All were
loud in expressions of their enthusiasm.
BLANCO REPORTS A
SPANISH "VICTORY."
How a Trivial Affair Near Cabanas
Is Magnified in an Official
Report.
MADRID, May 2.— Gaptain-General
Blanco cables that "an American iron
clad and three smaller vessels attempt
ed to land in boats off Herra Dura at
6:30 o'clock on Saturday evening. The
troops fired on them and the warships
replied with a connonade. But he boats
returned to- their ships, which disap
peared at 8 o'clock."
This inaccurate and exaggerated dis
< patch of the captain-general of Cuba
undoubtedly refers to the few shots
fired by the flagship New York at a
troop of Spanish cavalry near Cabanas
on Friday evening last. Herra Dura
is a small place in Cabanas Bay.
PROTECT
■■ ■ ■■-•-■ ' . ■-"..■''"
In all you do you are ever lodkihg " '
out for what is best for your . own
material interests. Why not look out; .
for your health once in., a while? ;•
Why not be manly? Why not ba"-.
able to say to all men on earth,.. "l •.
am your equal in all essentials?"'
You say you cannot because you are
puny. Admitting that you are, why
do you remain puny? Vitality .it is
easy to restore — -if you know bow. -
One thing in the world, , and on©
thing alone, does it unfailingly.
That one thing is "Hudyan." And
"Hudyan" protects your strength
even when you have it in a high "
degree. Are you strong?
A clear brain when you wake in the
morning ; a firm determination to be
a man in every sense of the word;
a feeling of faith in your own pow-
ers — that is what "Hudyan" brings.
That is worth counting on every day
in the week, and the pleasure may
be yours. ; You ask, Has "Hudyan"
done this for any man? It has —
for 20,000. Circulars and testimo-
nials showing : you the truth of this
statement are gladly mailed to you ?,
free of all charge. If you are ill in
any way ask for free medical advice. *"
You will get it very promptly, and
it will be the best that, can be had
on earth.
Sometimes a small copper-colored
spot will indicate some form,' of ;
..■;■ blood poison. Pimples and ulcers ■
are produced by blood taint too.
"30,-day blood cure" eradicates all
taint. Circulars telling you just how -
quickly and how surely it operates ;
are yours for the asking. You : can
have your blood purified, and whilst '
doing so you can regain your ."";■ ,
STRENGTH
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, SUBSET AND ELLIS ST3., *
t . - San Francisco. • * .
)^m DR. HALL'S REINVIGOBATOR
mBTjCS Five hundred reward for anyca»« -
: D"- -'"i^Tß we cannot cure. : This secret remedy
•- t^l- ■ __« stops all losses ■in; 24 -, hours, ■ cure* -
fS9i IESi Emissions, .-- Impotency, Varicocele,
mil FTilTl Gonorrhoea. Gleet, Fits, Strictures. '
»Tl U£f Lost Manhood and all wasting et- •■
; HHHI •''■ iHJBH fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
M.'HMP'iEm sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $.1; guar- •,
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL. IN*
STITUTE. 855 : Broadway, r Oakland. Cal. - Also :. r .
for sale at 1073V4? Market st., •S., F. • All prt-«
vate diseaseg quickly cured. Send for. free book. v *■
DR.MCNULIX
nmif* T'^fX-KSOWN AND RKLFABLF, or.i» , . %
-«: *>pft*uill.st cure* Prlvat<\Nei and Skin ' :*
uiseuses of Men only.': Manly Power rebtore.l.- Over'
20years experience. Send for Book, free. -: Patients
cured at Home. > Terms reasonable. ; Hours. 9 to 8 / *
.dally; 6:30 toB.3oev'Ks. Sar.dny*, 10 to 12. Consult*- v • :
clou free and sacredly conflderi tia 1 .. Cail or addreai *
P. BOSCOE McnITI.TT,'M.'D., ' - •
2C Kearu, Street. San FrandMo, ('«&"NOT VICTORY,
ANNIHILATION"
I Nelson's Words Quoted
v '\ ■"-■-■
■':■ on the American Vie
;■; .. Tory at Manila.
Commodore Dewey Declared a
. Worthy Disciple of the
•. •. Heroic Farragut.
In Commenting on th« Battle the
London Mail Believes It Should
IjjkSaH^BH End the War.
Special Disr^atch to The Call.
LONDON, May 3.— The Daily Mail In |
an editorial this morning on the en- '
'gagement at Manila says: "It was, in i
■ Nelson's words, 'not victory, but anni
hilation,' and it proved Commodore '
..Dewey a worthy disciple of the heroic
■.■Farragut. It is characteristic of the
American race to be generous to the
weak, and as the President is averse to
■i-<l, he will doubtless
.meet Spain, whose honor is now saved,
in a.". generous spirit."
..!'•-!: 'The :Tin ■ editorially: "Exulta
tidn over the tory is a
{sentiment with which all friends of the
American people In England will read-
J-ly sympathize. We wish we could also
the views of many well informed
ms in the United States as to the
consequence of the victory. The Idea
that Spanish honor may be satisfied by
the issue of a single action in which
Spain's best ships were not engaged,
will ;. r very probable to those
best acrjUfiinu-d with the Spanish char-
Tnless an unforeseen convul
ccurs in Spain ii is "iily too prob- j
ably that .many months will elapse be-!
f<»re effective action can be taken in
Cuba, th>- only place where it is likely
to be attended with decisive results."
The Dally Telegraph says: "The mis-,
gemeni of the Spanish could i
hardly have been carried t<> greater or!
more amazing lengths. The engage- I
: ment must have been virtually over be
lt began. No one anticipated a
Spanish victory, but the suddenness ;
ss of this total defeat:
have taken tho experts by sui.
act in the drama is over and
•:ittiere be. ground for believing
'that the next will be unlike it."
■ The Daily Chronicle says: The Phil- •
-Ippines, n-> less than Cuba, should be '
. n open to the light of toleration
and civilization. It will be time to dis- j
\cuss. the proposals of the many claim- i
"nuts to do the work when the United
■ States has been heard from on the sub
ijfet.
The Standard says: Whatever pre
•l>M!i,ierance of strength Commodore
.Dewey enjoyed he could not have ac
plished the work without that mix
. ture of dash and tactical reserve which
. .."constitutes military genius. For the
■• vanquished we have only a fet-ling of
.commiseration. They evinced qualities
that -xiesfirved success. Spain's best
''.course is to submit to the inevitable,
and to purchase back the Philippines
by formally renouncing her title to ex
ercise rule in the Antilles.
. The Daily News says: A defeat so
'crushing and disastrous may well make
Spanish statesmen ask themselves
whether it is worth while to risk further j
-misfortunes without hope of a satisfoc- \
fv.r.v" result. If only Cor the sake of the
Queen Rcgont and her son, the Govern- ■
irit'tit should agree with the adversary j
qui'kly.
The- Morning Post says: "Thp Tnitel
.•States must decide quickly about the
Philippines. If they ieave half rone the j
they have begun the consequent's '
may be most serious. If they are n<>t
"prepared to govern the island thern
■aelves they must decide their fate bo as
revent them failing into anarchy."
SPREAD OF THE BUBONIC
/; i PLAGUEJN THE ORIENT.
Over a Hundred and Fifty Deaths
at Hongkong From January
to April.
TACOHLA, May 2.— The steamship Co
lumbia, arriving to-day from Hong
kong, brings news that the existence
and spread of the bubonic plague is
causing much alarm throughout the
orient. Both the plague and small
pox now exist at Hongkong, Macao,
SwatoW and Canton. Each city is
afraid of the others and the govern
ta of a! 1 are taking measures to
prevent the plague becoming general.
K:u-ly in the year Hongkong held
races which weit largel™ attended.,
particularly by Chinese from Canton.
It is now considered certain that th^-se
brought the plague with them. This
recalls to mind the fact that there was
just such an influx of Chinese coolies
into Honpkont? four years A/^o to at
tend the land and water celebrations
then held. Following that inllux oc
curred the plague oitbieak of 1594,
which gave Hongkon^ a severe scare.
In future it is intended to repress all
siuh gatherings of Chinese from out
ities.
Hongkong has already quarantined
against the cities named. Official re
port states that from January 1 to
April there were 181 cases and 154
deaths there. The Hongkong press,
however, states that many cases are
never heard of, being suppressed by
the Chinese to obviate the work of the
'health authorities, as at Bombay.
JUDGE STRATTON DIES
AT SANTA BARBARA.
::; \: SANTA BARBARA, May 2.-William
•:'• :rrap> Stratton, a well-known citizen of
i : :-'~ this place, died this morning of chronic
).■■■'. •.•'Gerebitls.. For twenty-five years he had
.-■.'■" feeen. prominent in Santa Barbara. He
T ••■' was ; eminently .a self-made man. When
'.'■' ;' years, eld he taught school in Central
•-" • -. If few:.Y ork, after which he moved to New
.:•. • "■"Shark 'City, where he engaged in mercan
. •-. -tire -pursuits. During this time he stud
." ; : ' ied-!la.w, • and was admitted to the bar.
: '. ■■. •-' ]?ro.rn -1849 to 1853 he represented his coun
•.•-.::■ ty ■!&.'«.: Legislature of New Jersey.
' : •Itj T?66 "Stratton came to California, lo
■. In Placer County. From 1856 to 1859
■ ':■ ••■ her represented that county in the Legis
latur^;--being Speaker ; of the "Assembly
:=: = • in the latter year. From 1561.t0 ISS9 Judge
'.:■. TStraHoh; was State Librarian; having re
■••'"' tnriyc'i\ to Sacramento in ISSO, where he
fornri'-vl ..;i partnership with Creed Ilay
.■: mo'ni-i..' 1 -Judge Stratton came to Santa
. Barbara in 1873. In 1566 he married Miss
Margaret Lenoir.
;'.'; I/oeal Option Defeated.
SiVNTA MARIA, May 2.— The local op
nmpaign tr-rminate-d to-day with the
r: IMS votes being cast for and 119
against the issue in this town.
SANTA BARBARA, May 2.— lxioal op
tl/in was defeated to-day in this city by
Btt majority, li is believed three pre
rjnrJS in tho county will return a large
maJi.irUy against local option.
• Crushed Under Train Wheels.
: • ■ .. . TIL: I 7 RON. May 2.— George. Rawllns, a
." J'C>?a>g... 'man. ".'employed' on Supervisor
• — Kl:.r; -s .dairy ranch, in attempting to jump
•. Tl ."Upon: -the . excursion . train at Reids Sta
> t!<\>;,.a few miles, north of here, missed
= .•••■■; his.-jobtlng and foil under, the wheels, and
...- . ; ; his: left leg was badly crushed at the
'.. • knee.. he leg will be amputated and the
•.' sufferer may die.
REVIVES TALK
OF ANNEXATION
Hawaii's Friends Seek to
Profit by the War
With Spain.
Say Dewey Is Handicapped by
Need of a Base of
Supplies.
Lodge, Fry© and Gray Discuss the
Proposed Acquisition of the
Islands.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Hear Admiral Dewey's victory off Ma
nila and the report that he has estab
lished a blockade at that port was the
subject of serious consideration at the
White House and Navy Department
to-day. In view of the fact that the
Spaniards still controJ the cable from
Manila, or they did when last heard
from, the Navy Department is in ig
norance as to the supply of coal Ad
miral Dewey's fleet has on hand. When
the fleet left Hongkong tor Manila the
coal bunkers of the entire fleet were
filled to their utmost capacity with
fuel. In addition, a collier with a car
g-o of 3500 tons of coal accompanied the
fleet. The question under considera
tion to-day was how much of that coal
supply had been exhausted and how
long the remaining quantity would last
the admiral in the event of a protract
ed blockade at Manila.
As China and Japan have delayed
making their declarations of neutral
ity, it is Halmed by those well versed
in. international law that the United
Siat'-s still has those eastern ports
open to it, where an additional supply
of coal may be obtained.
Rear Admiral Dewey's gallant
achievements rrf yesterday and the able
and courageous support given him by
the officers and men of his fleet render
it imperative that the Government
should not hesitate a moment to send
supplies to him by the fleetest ships
that sail out of San Francisco. This
is no time to speculate what eastern
ports may be open to our ships or in
dulge in "what might have been" dis
cussions in the event of the annexation
of the Hawaiian Islands. The prompt
and vigorous action of Rear Admiral
Dewey in front of the Spanish fleet in
spired the Secretary of the Navy to
take immediate measure to relieve our
fleet in the Pacific Ocean of any em
barrassment it might feel for want of
coal.
Accordingly, orders were telegraphed
to San Francisco this morning for the
Government authorities to select two
of the swiftest ships at that purt. load
them with coal and dispatch them at
once to the relief of Admiral Dev.ey's
fleet.
It was during the consideration of
this subject that the question of an
nexing Hawaii forced itself to the
front. Senator Lodge of Massachu
setts, Senator Frye of Maine and Sen
ator Gray of Delaware, three of the
ablest and best-informed members of
the Committee on Foreign Relations,
were at the Navy Department and dis
cussed the proposition with Secretary
Ivong. Senator Lodge said he regretted
very much the failure of the United
States to> annex Hawaii several years
ago.
"We never needed it as much as we
need it to-day, added the Massachu
setts Senator, with great earnestness.
"It would be an invaluable piece of
property at this moment and to my
opinion the United States should not
hesitate a moment longer about accept
ing the generous and thoroughly busi
ness-like proposition of the Hawaiian
Government.
"Some of the wise men of this gen
eration," continued Senator Lodge,
"were shrewd enough to appreciate the
necessity of the acquisition of Hawaii
by the United States. If our people
who were opposed to annexation would
throw aside political and personal con
siderations and look at the situation
from an international standpoint and
as a plain, practical, business proposi
tion they would insist on the immediate
ratification of the treaty now pendng
before the Senate. Take existing con
ditions into consideration and any
reasonable man will be struck at once
with the importance of the United
States having a base of supplies in the
Pacific Ocean. Here is our gallant
Asiatic squadron fighting successfully
to uphold the national standard in that
far away eastern country. We have no
means of knowing at the present mo
ment what Injuries our ships and crews
may have sustained in yesterday's con
flict We are also in the dark as to the
supply of coal the fleet has at its dis
posal With all foreign ports closed
against us our only recourse is to ship
a coal supply from San Francisco.
"How different would be the condi
tions if Hawaii had been annexed to
the United States before this war with
Spain came on. With cable communi
cation between Hawaii and San Fran
cisco we could relieve Rear Admiral
Dewey's fleet from any embarrassment
it may be subjected to for want of coal.
Consider the difference in the number
of days it takes to go from San Fran
cisco to Manila and that Hawaii is
more than half way between those
points, and it is r* once apparent that
Hawaii would be of inestimable value
as part of United States territory."
The question of annexation of Ha
waii is likely to be revived in the Sen
ate and the reasons — ' forth by Sena
tor Lodge will be one of the strongest
arguments in its favor.
WILL SAIL FOR
BUENOS AYRES TO-DAY
1
Battleship Oregon and Gunboat Mari
etta Preparing to Get Away
From Rio.
CnpyrlftMed. ISOS, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, May 2.— Advices
received from the Herald's correspond
ent in Rio Janeiro say that the United
States battleship Oregon and gunboat
Marietta will sail probably to-morrow
from this port. They will enter Bahia
and wait there for the dynamite gun
vessel Nictheroy, recently purchased
from Brazil. In the crew of the bat
tleship Oregon are many Japanese, and
the Japanese are anxious to get to
*RJO JANEIRu. May 2.— The Spanish
gunboat Temerario still remains at
Ensenada, on the La Plata, where she
has been for a day or two undergoing
repairs to her machinery.
HAMBURG HAS GONE WRONG.
Marcus Daly's 840,000 Horse May
Never Again Go to the Post.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The World to-day
say«- There seems to be little doubt that
the great Hamburg, for which Marcus
Daly recently paid $10,000, has gone to the
post for the last time. For ten days he
has been under suspicion, and the impres
sion among trainers seems to be that he
will not stand training.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CAIX, TUESPAT, MAY 3, 1898.
SAYS THE CITY
SHOULD TAKE
ITS PROPERTY
Los Angeles Council Committee
Brings Up the Water Sys
tem Controversy.
LOS ANGELES, May 2.— The special committee on mountain water
supply created a sensation to-day by making the following report to
the City Council:
As more than two months have already elapsed since the report of your
special committee on mountain water supply was adopted by the Council, and
as nothing has since been done in regard to investigation of the various
propositions submitted, either as to titles of lands in question or as to the
cost of either proposition, or the. accuracy or reliability of the estimates
submitted, and as less than three months of the lease of the Los Angeles
City Water Company yet remain in which to do anything in regard to ac
quiring a supply of mountain water before the expiration of the contract
with said water company, your committee on mountain water supply beg
leave to report that they consider that the time is too short for this com
mittee to make any further investigations of sources of supply of moun
tain water. As the legal status and its attendant engineering problems have
not been investigated in due season It is useless to report upon any outside
sources of water supply.
Therefore, your committee considers that nothing of consequence can be
done at this time except to take necessary steps to assume control of the
city's plant, now leased to the Los Angeles City Water Company, upon the
expiration of said lease on the 22d of July next, and that the city water
overseer be directed to take possession of said leased water plant on said
22d of July; that he be directed to collect all water rates then and there
after; that the public at large be notified that on and after the said 22d of
July all consumers of water supplied by said water plant must pay water
rent to the city water overseer only, and that water rates on and after July
22 shall be fixed at a rate which shall be a uniform reduction of 20 per cent
from present rates.
Messrs. Guder and Hutchison asked for the adoption of the report.
Councilman Toll denounced it as a political play. It was finally re
ferred to the City Attorney for a report. The matter will probably
sleep in the City Attorney's office.
MARIN COUNTY
TEACHERS MEET
Annual Institute Opens
Auspiciously at San
Rafael.
Reception and Banquet Ten
dered by the People of
the Town.
Topics of the Classroom Treated
in Talks by Able Edu
cators.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, May 2.— The annual
■ institute for the teachers of Marin
! County opened to-day at 1:30 in the
afternoon in the Superior Court room
; of the County Courthouse, and opened
auspiciously, with the orgun pealing
forth its deep-toned notes in accom
i paniment of the grand old national an
them. "America," sung with a will by
a hundred voices. County Superinten
dent of Schools Robert Furlong pre
sided. Words of welcome were extend
! Ed by William J. Miller, president of
; the Board of City Trustees, and Dr. W.
; F. Jones, president of the City Board of
! Education.
Professor John F. Seaman read an
i interesting: essay on "The Daily Pro
; gramme," which was discussed after
ward by the institute. Professor Sea
man took up the subject from a
'■ psychological standpoint, and dealt
i especially with the subject of mnemo
i nics and the most scientific arrange
i ment of daily schedule so as to preserve
the vital energies of teacher as well as
pupil.
The subject of a local history club
was discussed by Professor A. C.
j Abshire, Miss Annabel McDonnell and
I Professors F. W. Wright, G. H. Boke
and W. F. Blake. Such organizations
were mentioned as existing in various
parts of the State and doing a deal of
good. Miss McDonnell elucidated the
theme at some length and outlined the
plans proposed by Mrs. Winterburn of
Stockton at the last meeting of the
State Teachers' Association.
By invitation. Professor W. W.
Stone, president of the Lincoln Monu
ment League, delivered a feeling ad
dress on the objects of the leasrue. A
neat compliment was paid the teachers
I of Marin County ft,-r the interest they
have manifested, and he closed with
the injunction to his hearers that,
though thore may be blood on the flag,
it has tended to the uplifting of hu
manity.
The day's work was concluded with
a spicy paper on "Some Elements in
the Work of a Successful Teacher," by
Hart- Wagner. He gave an outline of
the elements of success as represented
in the best teacher of New Orleans, the
best primary teacher of Cleveland,
Ohio, and the best eighth-grade teach
er in Indianapolis. The remarks were
all based on actual observation of the
work mentioned, and the institute was
left to determine what were the ele
ments of success and those of failure.
The committee on music, of which
Charles N. Watson is chairman, has
prepared a tasteful programme of
music to intersperse the liter ry fea
tures. During to-day's session the
Sprudel Quartet rendered the "North
Wind," and Mrs. W. J. Wickman and
Miss F. H. Ingalsbe piano solos.
Prior to the day's session a pleasant
reception and banquet were . tendered
to the visiting teachers in the Masonic
building by the reception committee —
Miss Edwina Dufficy, Miss J. V. Haw
kins and Professor Abshire. Four
patriotic songs were sung, "The Star-
Spangled Banner" bringing down the
house. Some of the teachers, having
just arrived, had not seen the morning
papers and a narration of the victory
of the American fleet in the Philippines
by Professor Bake excited intense en
thusiasm.
There will be a morning and after
noon session to-morrow, theprogramme
containing papers by Professors Syle
of Berkeley and Griggs of Stanford.
CHARLESTON TO CARRY
TROOPS TO PHILIPPINES.
NEW YORK. May 2.— The statement
is made on excellent authority that
within the next 48 hours President Mc-
Kinley will issue orders for the mob
lization of all Western regulars that
can be spared and the volunteers of
California, Oregon, Washington, Ne
vada and Colorado at San Francisco.
These are to constitute the force to be
transported under the convoy of the
Charleston and Philadelphia to the
Philippines for the occupation of the
islands, the preservation of peace, and
the protection of American and foreign
interests
ALASKA HEARS
OF THE WAR
Exodus of Men Who Are
Conning Back to
Fight
Regulars Detained at Dyea
and Skaguay Complain
Bitterly.
Each Incoming Vessel Besieged by
Crowds Eager for News of
trio Conflict.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, May 2.— The steamer
Islander, which returned from Skaguay ;
this morning, brought ninety passen
gers, many of whom are or. their way j
south to Join the army of the United ;
States. They say fuHy 100 if not more j
will soon fallow them, for when they
left numbers were straightening out
their affairs preparing to come south
to fight the Dons. It Is said that the !
two companies of United States In
fantry stationed at Dyea and Skaguay j
are chafing considerably over their iso- j
laticm, and bitterly complain because i
they have no chance to join those who !
go to the front.
At Skaguay news of new finds In the !
interior pales into insignificance. It j
no longer causes excitement. The sole i
topic of conversation is the war, and i
no sooner does a steamer from the '
south enter the harbor than she is sur- i
rounded by Skaguayans in small boats, !
who throng around the officers and I
passengers, begging for the latest news
of the war.
Skaguayans are very patriotic and I
every report of the success of the stars
and stripes is duly celebrated. Prac
tical jokers and circulators of false
reports are abroad at Skaguay, and
their work adds considerably to the
excitement. One of these spread a re
port a few days before the Islander
sailed that Great Britain had loaned
the American Government four war
vessels to protect New York harbor
from attack. This was received every
where with applause.
At Dyea the customs officials are still
endeavoring to suppress the sale of
liquor. A few days before the Islander
left, on April 27, six officers, acting un
der the instructions of Inspector
Mount, went to Dyea and proceeded to
seize the whisky found in the various
saloons. The raid was unsuccessful, as
the saloon-keepers, having been warned
of the coming of the officers, had hid
den their intoxicants.
But few treasure-hunters are starting
inland at present, owin~ to the unsafe
condition of the ice on the lakes and
rivers. Should the warm weather con
tinue it is thought that it wil not be
long ere the lakes and rivers are « tvig
able. Sheep Camp Is now almost"" de
serted. The Argonauts have nearly all
made their way over to the lakes,
where they are engaged in boat-build
ing and otherwise preparing for the
trip down the river when the ice
breaks.
The work of exhuming the bodies on
the Chilcoot Pass continues. Sixty
four had been taken out when the
Islander left.
At Wrangel the residents are making
preparations for the opening of naviga
tion on the Stickine. The warm
weather has had the effect of breaking
up the ice in many places in the river
and it is said that should the warm
weather continue for about a week the
river would be free from ice.
DID NOT EMPLOY
PETROLEUM BOMBS.
•WASHINGTON, May 2 —Naval men
are inclined to discredit the statement
in dispatches from Madrid to-night that
Admiral ; Dewey employed petroleum
bombs in a reduction of the city to
Manila. In f act, : no ; definite information
could be obtained that the American
squadron was supplied with : such in
struments of destruction. It is regard
ed as quite likely that in the event of a
bombardment of the city the bursting
of shells I would start > serious . fires and
perhaps s result in ; a conflagration, , but
that Admiral Dewey used bombs with
the express idea of •■ firing the city is
believed utterly improbable, unless he
was pressed to extreme measures,
which is not thought to have been
likely.
The belief is prevalent in official cir
cles that ; if a : fire , occurred the Spanish,
confronted by the inevitable fall of the
city, themselves applied the torch,
thereby carrying ; into effect the threat
which they have made concerning both
Manila ! and Havana, [>, that ; the ; cities
should never fall into the hands of the
Americana except a*- beaps of I smolder
.ing rui*3
HE WANTED TO
GO TO CUBA
Suicide of an Officer at
the Camp Near
Mobile.
Despondent Because His Regi
ment Was Not Sent to
the Front.
Acted Queerly of Late and Constantly
Complained Because He Was
Kept Back.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MOBILE, Ala., May 2.— The Spring
Hill camp was distressed to-day by the
suicide of First Lieutenant Rowland
C. Hill of Company C, Twentieth In
fantry. He had been standing in front
of his tent talking to other officers and
had his revolver In his hand. As he
turned away he raised the revolver to
his head and shot himself through the
head, back of the left ear. He died in
stantly.
Lieutenant Hill had been acting
queerly for several days. His health
has not been good since he suffered
from Chagres fever in Central America
in connection with the inter-oceanic
railway. He became despondent when
the Twenty-second was ordered t-j
Tampa and was heard frequently to
mutter:
"They won't let me go; they won't
let me go."
He said he was satisfied he would not
be allowed to go to Cuba. This idea
seemed to control him and apparently
unsettled him.
He was a native of Muscatine, la.,
and graduated in 1881 at West Point.
He was promoted in 1890 and was to
have been made captain in a few days.
He was 41 years of age and leaves a
widow, now visiting her mother in Co
lumbus, O. His father was killed in the
battle of Nashville in 1564.
The funeral took place at sundown at
the camß, with six members of his
company as coffin bearers. The band
played a dirge and four platoons of
Company G were the escort. Then
came the hearse and following were the
officers of the regiment, followed by
other companies of the regiment with
out arms. At the confines of the camp
the leave-taking took place and then
the hearse was driven to the city. The
remains will be sent to Columbus.
NOMINATED BY THE
THE PRESIDENT.
Men Named for Good Federal Posi
tions and Promotions in
the Army.
"WASHINGTON, May 2.— The President
to-day sent these nominations to the Se
nate:
William E. Dunley. to he attorney for
the Southern District of Ohio.
Captains to be majors— Egbert B. Sav
age, Eighth Infantry; Charles A. Cool
i.lge. Seventh Infantry; Wilson T. Ha.rtz,
Fifteenth Infantry; Charles A. Dempsey,
Second Infantry: William E. Dougherty,
First Infantry; Sumner 11. Lincoln, Tenth
Infantry; Greenleaf A. Goodale. Twenty
third Infantry; Cyrus S. Roberts, Seven
teenth Infantry; First Lieutenant Ed
ward Chenoweth, Seventeenth Infantry,
to be captain.
William V. Lucas, Register of the Land
Office at Chamberlain, S. p.; Alexander
Meggett, Receiver of Public Moneys at
Eau Claire, Wis.
To be agents for the Indians— Clarence
A Warner, at Fort Hall Agency, Idaho;
Nimrod S. Walpole of Colorado, at Pueblo
and Jicarilla Agency, New Mexico; Oliver
Applepate, at Klamath Agency, Oregon.
s'msi masters: Washington — John M.
Benedict, Centralia. Arizona— John G.
I'ritchard. Bisbee. California— John W.
Short Fresno; William D. Ingram, Lin
coln" Lillian W. Thomas, Sausalito. Mon
tana— W. C. Clemens. Virginia City.
To be commissioners to examine and
classify land within the land grant and
indemnity land grant limits of the North
ern Pacific Railroad Company— Joseph C.
Alden, Helena land district; William M.
Anderson, Bozeman land district.
GERMAN WARSHIPS
FOR THE PHILIPPINES.
Although There Are Only One Hun
dred Germans in Manila, Three
Vessels Are Sent.
LONDON, May 3.— A German war
ship has left Kiaochau for Manila
This, with the Irene, now en route from
Nagasaki, will make three German
warships in the Philippines. The last
official statistics show about 100 Ger
mans in Manila.
SHANGHAI, May 3.— The German
warship Gefion has gone to Manila to
protect Germans there.
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
S o
o o
I Dr. Sanden Has a Grand Cure for All I
i £B^>^ Weakness of Women—Another %
o w^^t^k Made Happy. ©
° \j£ i 1 WOMEN SUFFER FROM PAINS SO MUCH °
§ -^ —^ Sss^ > M^|^P' : ** that many look upon the ache in the o
o S^*~~^ back, the pains along the spine and on top §
q I^. of the head as '. a necessary element of their o
° ? §£y^ ■■r^"!j being. It is not so. These pains can be g
o $^fliW^^^s :f cured by toning up the female organism, o
o twW^/P 1 Nothing of this kind can exist if Dr. San- %
o *^f»^.JVS i l « den's Electric Belt is worn. Read this letter : o
o SHE IS A DIFFERENT WOMAN. 2
O SAN FRANCISCO, May 2, 1593.
O I have suffered for twenty-five years from leucorrhoea, indigestion and terrible pains in my abdomen, caused by the «
O erowth of tumerous nature. . I have now used Dr. Sandens Electric Belt only 30. days, and I am happy to = say that the Q
« na?n is Rone and the growth reduced to one-half its size. 1 feel like a different woman, and believe Dr. Sanden s - Elec- Q
° toe Belt is a wonderful cure. . MRS. CAROLINE JEMISON, 127 Second street, San Francisco, V
% CALL AND SEE IT. o
° Women, do not suffer from weakness, pains and nervousness when you can be cured, and with-
° out drueeins : your stomach. ■. Make a change now. \ You will live longer ;if you take less medicine. A .V
I ° mild, soothing and invigorating warmth of electricity ; from Dr. Sanden's Belt will cure you. Call or »
O end for book, free. - '" q
oO A \mi7M VI FrTPTr TO 632 market street, * ssooo reward o
° OAJNI/ JLLUljlnHj \J\J», SAN FRANCISCO.. Will be paid for one of o
! O NOTE-Make no mistake in the number-1632 MARKET STREET. ■.;/ • / " these; Belts which faHs : O
X office hours— B a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.. Branches at: Los Angeles, Cal.. 20*% _ to generate a current of Q
" '■"■ South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington St.; Denver, Colo., &31 Slxteentu st.; Dallas, : Electricity. A
O Tex., 285 Main st. : ' . ■•- •;■:;■ .■; • . ... •■ ■ ■ ,•--. ■ -. ■ ■- - '• _^ 0..
o ■ ■ ■ • -" •-■ s - . ;-•••■.■ >■■■■ •■■-—■- •-■■: : ". ■:■■:: °
boo 00 0 oo o o 0000 o o 0000 o o 0 00000000000000 00 000000 000
PLEASED WITH
THE BATTLE
English Comment on the
Defeat of the Spaniards
at Manila.
Embassador Hay Overjoyed by
the Prowess of the Ameri-
can Navy.
Many British Naval Officers Express
the Warmest Admiration for
Dewey's Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 2.— ln the House of
Parliament, at the hotels, which are be
ginning to be full of American tourists,
at all the Government offices, and par
ticularly at the Admiralty, the brilliant
defeat of the Spanish fleet by the
Asiatic fleet of the United States at the
battle of Manila was the one subject
talked of throughout the day.
The United States Embassy was the
center of interest for all London. There
was a continuous line of callers re
questing information, the majority be
ing Americans.
The United States Embassador, Col
onel John Hay, is overjoyed at this
demonstration of the prowess of the
American navy, remarking concerning
Commodore Dewey. who is a personal
friend of the Embassador: "It is hard
to imagine so quiet and amiable a gen
tleman controlling a fierce naval battle,
It is these quiet, gentlemanly Amer
icans, however, who may be depended
upon to surprise the world when the op
portunity for making history comes in
the line of duty."
Lieutenant Cohvell, the United States
naval attache, declared the result was
merely what he expected. The hotel
bulletins are surrounded with en
thusiastic Americans, many of them
displaying miniature flags within their
buttonholes.
Many British naval officers have ex
pressed the wannest admiration for the
work of the American fleet. In fact, a
preponderance of sentiment in the Brit
ish navy seems to be with the Amer
icans throughout, the officers giving
many practical proofs of their partial
ity. International courtesy, however,
debarred the high officials from com
menting upon the result.
All the information obtainable con
cerning the Spanish force of auxiliary
cruisers, in regard to which vague re
ports have emanated from Madrid,
tends to show that it has been over
estimated. The best two ships, the Co
lumbia and the Normannia, formerly of
the Hamburg-American line, are yet
unarmed, and it is believed they will
be unable to secure armament.
The r-hief factor of the remainder of
the Spanish force of auxiliary cruisers
consists in the six steamers belonging
to the Barcelona Trans-Atlantic Steam
ship Company. They are fairly well
armed, but they have been scattered.
Two of them are with the Cape Verde
squadron, as transports; one is convoy
ing the tornedo flotilla: another, it is
said, is at Santiago de Cuba, and two
are at Cadiz.
RAILWAY ACCIDENT
IN THE TIBURON YARDS.
Brakeman James Carr Crushed "Un
der Engine Wheels and Dan
gerously Injured.
TIBURON, May 2.— James Carr, abrake
man employed on the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railroad, was seriously, and
perhaps fatally, injured last night in at
tempting to step on the pilot of an en
gine in the yards at this place. At the
time of tho accident Carr was engaged in
loading the steamship Ukiah with freight
cars. The engine commonly used in this
work broke down a few days ago, and
the big freight engine. No. 16. on the run
between Tiburon and Petaluma, v. as
brought into requisition. As the engine
moved forward the brakeman stepped
on the pilot, holding a lantern in one
hand and the other hand slipping
from its hold, he fell under the front
trucks. The wheels passed over the fleshy
part of the thigh and tore the flesh from
the bones. The chance for his recovery is
slight. .
BECOME MA JOB-GENERAL Li.
TAMPA, Fla. May 2. — Brigadier-
Generals J. B. Wade and W. R. Shatter
received telegrams from Washington
to-night informing them that the Pres
ident would to-morrow send in their
names as major-generals of volunteers.
Both will, however, accompany the
United States troops to Cuba. It is the
general belief in army circles to-night
that the command of the expedition
will devolve on General Shafter, with
General Wade in command of the first
division, and General Coppinger of the
Second.
SPANISH BOATS
PUT TO FLIGHT
The Torpedo Boat Porter
Chases Three of the
Enemy's Craft.
Shallow Water Prevented tha
Overhauling and Capture
of the Gunboats.
While Steaming Away the Fvaglti-ve«
Had No Time to Return Their
Pursuer's Fire.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
ON BOARD Herald-Call dispatch
boat Somers N. Smith, via Key West,
May 2.— Deep draught and shallow
water on one side and Indisposition for
a fight on the other prevented the tor
pedo boat Porter from destroying three
gunboats of the enemy. Scouting along
the coast on a roving commission, the
Porter carried her investigations to La
Boca, a small port, near Sa~ua La
Grande, in Santa Clara Province, and
on the north coast of Cuba. The bay ia
dotted with small islands, and as tho
Porter came in there yesterday after
noon her commander, Lieutenant Joha
C. Fremont, discovered two small gun
boats and an armed steam tug patrol
ling within the waters of the bay. The
Porter made a dash at her foes tha
moment they were discovered. The
Spaniards promptly fled, and Lieuten
ant Fremont, greatly to his disgust,
found that the water was too shallow
for him to follow at*the speed of tha
fugitives.
Not wishing to jeopardize his vessel
for small game the engines were slowed
down and the crews of the rapid-fire
guns were sent to quarters and
after shot was sent after the flying
Spaniards. The distance was great and
it is not known whether any of th<i
gunboats were hit or not. They were
too busily engaged in getting away to
return the fire. The only firing iho
Spaniards did was under the boilers,
and at every shot from the Porter theie
would rise a fresh cloud of smoke from
the funnels of the fugitives, tellin? of
the sudden energy of their firemen.
HOME FOR SANTA
CRUZ NATIVES
I New Lodge Rooms Opened by
the Parlor in the City by
the Sea.
Beautifully Furnished Apartments
th« Seen* of a Pleasant House-
Wurming.
| Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. May 2.— Several months
ago, In the burning of the Hoffmann
building, Santa Cruz Parlor No. 90, Native
Sons of the Golden West, -was a heavy
loser. Its lodge room and club rooms
were destroyed and the entire furnishing^
ruined/ •
To-night the parlor entered its new club
rooms. The lodge room is of good size,
and the first thing that attracts the at
! tention is the harmony of its furnishings.
i The prevailing color is green. The walla
I are tinted green, with a beautiful frieze
! for a border, while around, the room is a
I handsome white and gold molding. The
ceiling is in green with a pretty design
iin gold. A tapestry carpet of pleasing
pattern, in greens which harmonize with
! the walls and ceilings, covers the floor.
; The gas fixtures are of a beautiful design
with oxidized silver finish. The fur
nishing is in oak. In the center of the
'■■ room stands a memorial altar of elaborate
■ design.
Santa Cruz Parlor is to be congratu-
l ated on its new quarters. The parlor is
in a most prosperous condition, and
I among its members are the best young
men of the town. The membership is over
150. and the present officers are: Past
president, William Dosey; president, L.
Foster Young; first vice-president, James
' Stowe; second vice-president, E. Percy
i Young: third vice-president, Louis Pioda;
! recording secretary, R. H. Pringle; finan
i cial secretary, W. I. Newman; treasurer,
■ George Chlttenden; marshal, Abbe Alzina;
inside sentinel, Carl Kratzenstein; out
i side sentinel, Fred McPherson; surgeon.
I Dr. F. E. Morgan; trustees, Otto Ort, B.
Killey Knight.
I The Native Sons and . Daughters and
their friends gathered at the housewarm
ing this evening. The affair throughout
was a delightful one. .
» .
Chinese Prince Dead.
PEKING, May 2.— Prince Young:, presi
dent of the Tsung Li Yamsn, or Chines*
I Foreign Office, died this morning.
56
TUESDAY MAY 3, 1898
JOHN D. SPRLCKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F«
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 St«v*n»on Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tr;ls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $150
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri&*« Hons*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Moijtgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- ZB7 Hayes street. ODCn until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, oper> until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Po!k street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser "
Columbia— -a Secret Warrant "
California— •• A Texas Steer."
Aieazar— "The Gay Parisians- '
Moroeco 'a— "Hearts of New Yorls-"
Tlvoll— "Waug."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Sberman. Clay Hall— Paloma Schrainm, Friday nlffht.
The Chutes — Zoo, Vaudeville, and "African L.iou Hunt"
Olympia— Corner Mason aud Eddy streets, Specialties.
Central Park— Dog and Pony Show.
Sutro Baths — Swimming.
El Campo- Music, dancinir boatine, fishing:, every Sunday,
California Jockey Cub, Oakland— Races. '
AUCTION SALES.
By ft. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, May 9, Real Estate, at 14
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
CORRUPTED ]§V THE RACES.
' I 'HE prospect that several deputies in the Coun
ty Clerk's office will be arrested for the hypothe
* cation of their salary warrants to more than one
broker is but another indication of the corrupt in
fluence of the races. Chief Deputy Piper, who is
supposed to be the principal offender, is charged with
having transferred his warrant for one month's pay
to four separate brokers, naturally leaving at least
three to lament. Others have offended almost as
grossly. The immediate result is that men receiving
comfortable salaries face the possibility of disgrace,
that their probity as officials comes naturally into
question, and that upon the money they earn, and
that which they secure in dishonorable ways, the
"bookies" are fattening.
There is hardly a day when announcement is not
made that some man, usually a young man, has gone
wrong, has betrayed a trust, has been actually steal
ing, and in a great majority of cases the races are
directly the cause. The delusion that one may be
come rich by betting on track events is a common
and fallacious one. Pursued systematically by a per
son of moderate income it is virtually certain to lead
to crime. It took Figel to jail and into the shadow
of the gallows, it sent Welburn into exile, his cashier
to a suicide's grave, it has led Widber to the gates of
the penitentiary, and now Piper and his associates are
under a cloud for the same reason. It is natural to
suppose that there are many yet who tremble in
hourly fear of exposure, that there are tales of pecu
lation still to be told, and all because the races month
after month hold out a vain promise, offer fictitious
gain, show an easy path to affluence, a path that none
has trod but which ever stretches away to beguile the
feet of the unwary.
Will the Supervisors ever check this evil? Do they
care that criminals are being made by the mock races
they permit to be maintained that there may be a
chance to bet? Races as run in San Francisco now
are merely a form of crime, a confidence game in
which the "dupe," forced to desperation, often has to
steal the stake he plays and generally loses.
According to Mr. Huntington, speaking under
oath, he never made a cent out of a Western railroad,
md the original builders of the Pacific lines all lost
money. All of which is important as showing the
devoted self-sacrifice which constructs and maintains
railways for the mere pleasure of benefiting the coun
try, and sinking at last to a degree of poverty such
as marks the declining years of Huntington himself.
The list of fatalities among the Spanish in the
Manila fight has been given from Madrid as eleven.
Considering the source, this is a surprisingly liberal
figure. Probably to multiply it by only fifty would
be an undeserved compliment to the diplomatists of
Madrid. They have in all likelihood told a bigger
lie about it than this.
There is difficulty in understanding the Panama's
surrender to the Mangrove. There seems no ap
parent reason why the captain instead of striking his
colors should not have pulled the Mangrove aboard
with a boathook and gone on his way with the value
of his cargo enhanced.
When the Spanish Minister of Marine first heard
of the little affair off Manila he told his colleagues
that he was experiencing great difficulty in suppress
ing his joyful emotions. If this is true the gentleman
is a poor analyst of emotions. What he was torn by
lacked much of being joy.
C. P. Huntington has not yet developed a tendency
to tell the Railroad Commissioners all he knows
about the Southern Pacific. He has, however, not
haggled the least as to telling them a lot of things
already as familiar to them as to him.
The Kansas editor who spoke of the national flag
as a painted rag was chased into the next county,
and would have been hanged had the people caught
him. Such an episode is almost disgraceful. The
people ought to run better.
Cubans who are arming and enlisting under Blanco
would probably rather do this than starve. After
they have had a few square meals they can skip over
to the other side and make good use of the weapons
they are getting. .
Rev. J. K. McLean states publicly that the present
war is without justification, but it is cheering to note
that even among ministers he is part of a small
minority.
The only regret that will be felt in this country over
the westward journey of the Spanish fleet is that Wey
ler is not coming along to take chances with it.
When Spain admits a defeat it is safe to say tljat
the lickjiic administered has been cosiD.letc
FOREIGN INTERVENTION.
rROM the time when first it became apparent that
the United States would put an end to Spanish
atrocities in Cuba, even at the expense of war,
there has been more or less talk of possible Euro
pean intervention. As events have iollowed one an
other the talk has increased, until now it is suggested
in more than one quarter that some combination of
European powers may intervene at any time to save
the Spanish monarchy from the overthrow which
threatens it.
The only basis on which these rumors of interven
tion rest is that afforded by the application of the
Queen Regent of Spain to various courts to use their
good offices to prevent the war. This basis, however,
is not sufficient to sustain a belief that intervention
will be seriously attempted. The statesmen of Europe
know very well that the United States would not sub
mit to their interference, and they are also aware
that intervention against our will would mean a war
which would threaten more monarchies than that of
Spain.
In the present condition of international affairs
anything like an agreement among the powers of
Europe on an issue of such magnitude as that of in
tervening between the United States and the settle
ment of the war with Spain would be impossible.
There are too many antagonisms in Europe for any
concert of action in a case of this kind. That, how
ever, is not the main point in the matter. Even if
all Europe were agreed intervention would hardly
be undertaken, for the simple reason that it could not
be successfull}' carried out.
During our Civil War three of the great nations of
Europe entered into an agreement to offer their joint
services to bring about a termination of the war.
The Ministers of those powers at Washington ar
ranged among themselves for a presentation of the
offer to Secretary Seward. The Secretary learned
beforehand what was to be done, and when the three
Ministers called in a body he excused himself from
receiving them at that time, and then notified them
separately that the United States would refuse to lis
ten to any proposition of the kind they designed to
make. That ended the incident.
A short time ago the European Embassadors at
Washington went in a solemn ceremonial body to
offer to President McKinley the offices of their Gov
ernments to assist in maintaining peace with Spain.
It will be remembered that none of them suggested
intervention. Their representation was no more than
a perfunctory formality. The President replied to it
with fitting words, that offended no one, but at the
same time gave all the world to understand that the
United States would not consent to the interference
of Europe in the controversy in any manner what
ever.
All the precedents of our history are opposed to the
interference of Europe in any way with the policy of
the United States. We have no alliance with any
European nation, no voice in any European concert,
no concern in any European affair. We have pre
served inviolate the right of freedom of action, and
that right we will maintain. We will do in this war
whatever necessity compels us to do in defense of our
cause, and when the war is over it will be settled on
whatever terms we believe the exigencies of the occa
sion call for in order to do justice to ourselves and to
the Cuban people. In no respect will European in
tervention be tolerated. Any offer to intervene would
be met with a rebuff, any attempt to force it would
mean war.
AS TO PIRACY.
WAR is war. Congress has declared it and the
President is directing the conflict. For the first
time in our history the scene of the war is in
America, Europe and Asia. Our far-scattered fleets
are in the Atlantic, the Pacific and the China sea.
They are contradicting the stories that our Jack tars
had staled in peace and that the viking spirit of slf
reliance had died in the hearts of their commanders.
When a nation takes up the sword it must smite and
be smitten. It must give and take.
The shortest road to peace is over the ruin of what
peace has wrought. Commerce is its greatest achieve
ment; commerce is the calm health of nations, and
war strikes it like a pestilence. Property is less than
life, and its destruction saves life by shortening the
struggle. For this reason all nations at war strike
at commerce. Our first blow, therefore, fell not upon
fortified cities, but upon the merchant marine of
Spain, as hers was aimed at ours. That we got the ad
vantage was not to our discredit. That she failed was
her misfortune. Each nation aimed a blow at the
ocean commerce of the other, with exactly the same
motives, as an act of war.
It is a subject of sincere regret that while no Span
iard so far has characterized this advantage of ours
as piracy, a Californian has been guilty of that indis
cretion. Judge Maguire, representing San Francisco
in Congress, after voting with the extreme war and
recognition wing of the House, flinches at the first
blow of the combat he invoked and is quoted as say
ing, in effect, that the men of our navy are pirates,
because they took prizes at sea. He should have
known that they were justified by our own articles of
war and by the international military code.
What would he have? Does he think that war
consists of a joint resolution and a speech by Bailey?
It is a new thing in politics for a member of Con
gress to vote for war and then attack the President
and the navy for carrying it on successfully. Would
he have our navy lie at Key West roasting in the sun
while the merchant fleet of Spain revictualed Havana
and recruited the war chest and arsenal of Blanco?
The President is a soldier, and, like all soldiers,
accepted war as a last resort. While he was hoping
for the best and preparing the country for the worst
Judge Maguire and the majority of his party in Con
gress were daily nagging him with abuse. Now that
he wins in every action from the beginning and that
his orders and his strategy are bringing victory from
the Antilles to the Philippines the Judge denounces
his war policy as piracy! By parity of reasoning,
when a collision between the land forces kills Span
iards the Judge should denounce Shafter as a mur
derer. Maguire will soon find his proper companion
ship with that Kansas editor who denounced the
stars and stripes as "a painted rag," and had to walk
out of town to avoid the patriotic attentions of the
people.
America has a President who can sit in the White
House and direct the movements of our navy in the
Caribbean Sea and on the coast of Asia, the march
of our armies in the tropics and the triumph of our
arms simultaneously near our coast and at the anti
podes. He is not a pirate chief, but the elect of the
American people, who propose to stand by him to the
end.
The whereabouts of the Oregon and of the Spanish
fleet seem to constitute two of the great problems of
the war. But the final whereabouts of the latter will
probably be as definite as the location of the Maine
shortly after it shall pet into the vicinity of a gentle
man named Schley or of a certain Sampson.
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1898.
CALIFORNIA TO THE FRONT.
CALIFORNIANS have a right to indulge more
than ordinary State pride in the record the
commonwealth has established for itself in the
present crisis. It has been noted at Washington
that the response of California to the call for volun
teers has been prompter and more unquestioning in
its loyalty and ardor than that of any other State in
the Union.
Adjutant-General Corbin in a recent interview
spoke highly of the swiftness of California in filling
her quota of troops, and said: "California is the only
State from which no complaint about quota or dis
tribution has come. Other States have been heard
from by letter or wire, and all of them have made this
or that objection to what was required of them. Cali
fornia on the other hand has gone nobly on organ
izing and getting into shape without delay or inter
ruption."
Praise of this kind from army headquarters in an
emergency like that which confronts us is of the
highest value to a patriotic people. It is no slight
thing to have achieved distinction for willing and
prompt action in a sisterhood of States, all of whose
people are so devoted to the Union and so ready to
respond to every call to follow the flag.
The men of the National Guard and the officers in
command who have superintended the work of or
ganization of the State's quota deserve the highest
credit for winning for the commonwealth this new
and honorable prestige. They have responded to the
call of the nation with the alacrity of those patriots
whom our revolutionary fathers called "minute men."
They have not questioned, they have not found fault,
they have responded to the call of duty with the
promptness of veterans responding to the demands
of discipline.
There is much gratification in knowing that the
praise given has been well merited. The response
from every section of the State with but one excep
tion has been of the kind noted by the adjutant-gene
ral, and even in the exceptional case the National
Guard was not to blame. The dissension there was
caused by small jealousies of certain local politicians.
Fortunately this one exception was of a character too
slight to affect the State as a whole. California has
made her record of honor in the organization of the
volunteer army, and, when the time comes, we can
rely on the men who represent her to make an equally
good record on the battlefield.
RESULTS OF THE VICTORY.
DEWEY'S splendid victory in the harbor of
Manila will have important consequences not
only in hastening the end of the war, but in
determining the course of hostilities while the war
lasts. It was not a victory achieved in a battle fought
merely for the sake of fighting. It had a definite
purpose in view, and that purpose has been accom
plished.
The existence of a Spanish fleet with a good base
of supplies at Manila constituted a menace to our
shipping in the Pacific Ocean and mor: or less of a
danger to all our Pacific Coast cities. The object of
Dewey in going to Manila was to destroy that fleet
or at least blockade it and so prevent it from doing
harm to our commerce in any part of the Pacific.
Had he been a cautious and hesitating leader he
would probably have contented himself with a block
ade, but being the brave, gallant seaman that he is,
he struck at once, and not only put an end to the
Spanish fleet but made himself master of Manila,
thus gaining for us that base of supplies which was
so menacing in the hands of the enemy.
The victory virtually relieves the Pacific Coast
States of all danger of attack during the war. Pos
sibly if the conflict be prolonged some Spanish pri
vateers may cruise along the coast, but this is not
likely, and even if it occurred the danger would not
be great. With the Spanish fleet in the Pacific de
stroyed and Manila in our hands the whole of this
part of the world is practically safe from molestation
by any form of Spanish attack.
In addition to these direct effects the victory will
no doubt have further effects by its influence upon
both ourselves and the Spaniards. There can be no
doubt that Dewey's splendid feat will rouse the emu
lation of the officers and seamen of the fleet in the
Atlantic, and they will be eager to rival it by as bril
liant a deed in the capture of Havana, For this pur
pose, however, the impatient men in the fleet along
the Cuban coast will have to wait the coming of
the Spanish fleet that is now supposed to be on its
way across the Atlantic. It is impossible to fight a
fleet until it has been found and brought into range.
Dewcy was fortunate in finding the Spaniards of the
Orient in a position where they could not get away.
On this side of the globe we must perforce wait a
while.
Whether considered in regard to its daring tactics
or with respect to its results the victory at Manila
will rank among the greatest in the annals of naval
warfare. It has shown that our seamen ha\'e the
courage to fight warships and land batteries and forts
combined, that they have the coolness to maneuver
their ponderous ironclads under fire, that the aim of
their gunners is as true in battle as at target prac
tice; and in addition it has freed one-half the seas of
the globe from the menace of Spain. All this was a
glorious achievement and fitly celebrated the May
day of war.
The blockade of both Havana and Manila at the
same time will have the effect of demonstrating to
smokers that there is such a thing as getting Manila
and Havana cigars from Connecticut without se
riously altering the established tobacco industry of
that State.
Weyler has been trying to justify his rule in Cuba,
but it may fairly be said he has not done so. If
Weyler is sincere in his professed beliefs he is so
curious a pervert that in the interests of science a
post-mortem should be performed on him.
Efforts to break the news gently to Madrid did not
have the effect of soothing the savage breasts that are
numerous thereabouts. The gentleman to whom fell
the difficult and delicate office should have employed
a long-distance telephone.
From the present outlook the war will probably not
be much more than a prolonged target practice and
exercise in prize chasing.
There is no doubt but a feeling of confidence would
be inspired by the presence in this harbor of a fleet
of torpedo boats.
The opportunity to go up in a balloon just now
would be a strong temptation to a member of the
Sagasta Cabinet.
Word has not been received as to how many mules
were killed in Manila, but in all likelihood there were
at least two.
The Spanish had evidently been misled by the ease
with which they achieved victory over the Maine.
HEROES OF THE BATTLE OF MANILA
Sketches of the Commanders Who Assisted Rear Admiral
Dewey to Win the Great Victory for the Flag.
"COAIMENCE FIRING."
Signal for United States Warships at
Opening of Battle-
COMMANDER DEWEY, whose name
and praise are on every American lip
to-day, won applause from naval
chieftains In the Civil War, and Ad
miral Porter, in referring to the conduct of
Captain Smith and Lieutenant Dewey in
connection with the destruction of the
Mississippi, remarked: "It is in such try
ing moments that men show of what
metal they are made, and in this instance
the metal was of the very best." The
Mississippi, with Dewey second In com
mand, served at the passage of the forts
below New Orleans and in the destruction
of the Confederate ram Manassas. In
March, 1863, while attempting to pass the
batteries at Fort Hudson, the Mississippi
grounded in twenty-three feet of water
and heeled to port. In spite of every effort
of her officers and drew, she could not be
moved. The enemy got the range and
were hulling her at every shot. At last
the order was given to fire the ship.
When the flames had obtained sufficient
headway the ship was abandoned under
a most heavy fire, and Captain Smith and
Lieutenant Dewey, who had made the
vessel so efficient, were the last to leave
the burning wreck. The action was ap
proved by Admiral Farragut and the
Navy Department. The Mississippi, by
the way, had borne Perry's broad pennant
at the opening of Japan to the world,
and was a splendid vessel, but her destruc
tion was unavoidable. The fine qualities
of Dewey as an officer were brought forth
then in a marked degree. Thirty-five years
have passed since the Mississippi epi
sode, and now Rear-Admiral Dewey has
proved his title clear to a place in his
country's temple of fame alongside of
the Joneses, the Decaturs, the Perrys, the
Cushings, the Wordens and thr> Farragnts.
A brief sketch of Rear-Admiral Dewey's
life appeared in yesterday's Call. There
is also a general interest In tho brave
captains and commanders who served un
der him at the great battle of Manila Bay.
Captain Joseph Bullock Coghlan of the
Raleigh is a Kentuckian by birth, but
California claims him as an adopted son.
SAILING WITM SAMPSON.
Oh, it must b« royal sport to sail with Samp
son o'er the main.
As he swoops upon the ships that owe alle
giance to Spain,
And what a thrill must animate the boys,
when, far away.
A strenk of smoke betrays the course of some
unlucky prey.
Oh. for a flay with Sampson, as his flagship
. ".-■; cuts the main ' . ■
In search or anything that flies the hated flag
of Spain;
Oh, for the chase that follows when the look
out first espies
A smoke-streak in the offing, and the cry goes
up: "A prize!"
— Cleveland Leader.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
W. B. Gilbert, a prominent and wealthy
merchant of Portland, Ore., Is a guest
at the Occidental. Mrs. Gilbert accom
panies her husband.
T. E. Preston of Los Angeles Is regis
tered at the Lick. He is visiting the city
on his bridal tour.
A. B. Jackson, a big rancher of Salinas,
is staying at the Grand.
A. A. Grant, a large contractor of Al
buquerque, who is doing a good deal of
work for the Valley road, is at the
Palace.
Owlnff to the
number of appli
cations that have
recently been
made at the win
dow of the box
office of the Cal
ifornia Theater
A SPECIAL
PRESS
NOTICE.
by those who were present at the time
of the fire, the management have con
cluded to do all they can to give satis
faction to those who consider they did not
get their moneys worth.
At the customary hours there will be In
attendance at the theater entrance a nice
young gentleman who will be mora than
pleased to answer all questions put to
him and will, without evincing th* slight
est annoyance, explain to any one who
appears armed with the proper creden
tials the reason why no money will be
refunded, and will attempt, to the best
of his ability, to send the applicants
away in a good humor by telling him
(ladies barred) one of Georee Bowies'
funny stories.
It is thought that this plan will serve
the double purpose of more than satis
fying the seeker after filthy lucre and
cause the present annoyance to cease by
rapidly thinning out the crowd.
P. Ruhlman, a large fruit buyer of New
York, la one of the late arrivals at the
Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. O. R. Lewis of Butte,
Mont., are guests at the Occidental.
Frank P. Payson, a wealthy stock
broker of New York, is at the Palace,
J. *M. Fulton, a Reno cattle man. Is at
the California.
W. B. Davis Is registered at the Palace
from Denver.
A. T. Ross, the Sacramento capitalist,
is a guest at the Palace.
Sheriff S. D. Ballou of San Luis Oblspo
He Is a graduate of Annapolis, having
been appointed from Illinois In 1860. He
was commissioned lieutenant in ISCG, lieu
tenant-commander two years later and
commander In ISS2. He Is well known on
this coast, having been stationed at Mare
Island during 1886-88, and having com
manded vessels at different times In these
-waters. He Is one of the most popular of
officers, and fairly idolized by his crew.
No one who knows him ever doubted that
he would make a record when opportun
ity offered. His Initial war service was in
the battle of Manila Bay. Ills present
command was assumed March 23, 1597.
Captain Charles Vernon Gridley of the
Olympia is a Hoosier by birth, and was
appointed to the United States Naval
Academy from Michigan In 1860, graduat
ing three years later. He was in the bat
tle of Mobile Bay In 1864, and knew what
fighting waa before he assisted In teach
ing the Spaniards the costly lesson of
April 30. Along with Captain Dyer and
other naval chiefs of to-day, he ran the
Mobile gauntlets with Farragut and saw
with his own eyes victory come to a com
mander who sailed his fleet up to a line of
torpedoes, and then, seeing them, eaid,
"Damn the torpedoes," and sailed on over
them without slacking speed. He was
well fitted in every way for the service
demanded of him in the early hours of
Saturday morning\ when the American
fleet forced the passage into the harbor
of the capital of the Philippines. He was
commissioned lieutenant in 1567; lieuten
ant commander a year later, and com
mander in ISS2. He was appointed to the
command of the Olympia last July.
Captain N. Mayo Dyer of the Baltimore
entered the volunteer navy in 1861 as a
master's mate, and served in the gulf
squadron until he was promoted to acting
ensign for gallant and meritorious ser
vice. He gave up a leave of absence to
be with Farragut at Mobile Bay. He won
much distinction in the civil war, and his
hazardous exploits would make a large
eized volume. While cruising off the
Mexican coast, in command of the Ossi
pee. In 1870, the vessel encountered a hur
ricane, and one of the sailors was swept
into the sea. Commander Dyer, who was
taking an observation on the poop-deck.
Immediately turned a bowline in the end
of a boat fall, jumped into the sea and
saved the man from sharks or drowning.
For thl3 act he received a medal and was
publicly thanked. He was promoted
commander in 18S3, and to the captaincy
of the Baltimore last August. His bro
ther commanders envy his splendid sall
ership.
Commander Benjamin Peffer Lamber
ton of the Boston was appointed to the
United States Naval Academy from
Pennsylvania, his native State, In 1861,
graduating in ISM. He received a lieu
tenant's commission in 1867; was ap-
pointed lieutenant commander in 18CS, and
commander in 1885. He has served as
lighthouse Inspector and member of the
bureau of yards and docks, is a well
liked, efficient officer, and has seen four
teen years of actual sea service. Like
Captain Coghlan, his ilrst war service
was in the Philippines.
Commander Asa Walker of the Con
cord was appointed from New Hamp
shire, November 21, 1862; made ensign in
1868, and master a year later. In ISB4 he
was appointed lieutenant commander, and
in 1894 commander. He assumed com
mand of the Concord on the Asiatic sta
tion May 22, 1897. He is a thorough-going
American, and an able and sagacious
officer.
Commander Edward P. Wood, a native
of the Buckeye State, entered the r.avy
as midshipman In 1563; was promoted to
ensign in 1868; master in IS7O, and lieu
tenant a year later. In IS9O he was made
lieutenant commander, and on July 13,
1597, commander. He has been in com
mand of the Petrel since December, 1890,
on the Asiatic station. In his naval career
of thirty-five years. Commander Wood
has been unemployed but thirteen months,
and is esteemed for his excellent qualities
both as a man and a sailor.
Commander Albon C Hodgson is one of
the younger officers of the squadron, hav
ing been appointed from Georgia in 1871.
He became midshipman in 1575; ensign in
the centennial year: lieutenant In ISBB. He
had been on duty at the naval academy
a short while, when he was sent a few
months ago to the Asiatic station, and
assigned to the McCullough.
County is in the city on a short business
trip. He is registered at the Grand.
On the win
dows of some of
the stores in this
city there are
signs engraved
on the glass that
serve to inform
the inquisitive
WHY THE
INTERPRETER
RESIGNED.
stranger who drifts in from across the
seas that other languages besides English
are spoken within. In fact, that the en
terprising proprietor, looking toward the
greater accommodation of his customers,
has specially engaged certain men who
will attend to wants expressed in the ver
nacular of the intending purchaser
whether he be English, Dutch, Spanish or
French.
The other day a sailor, somewhat the
worse for the amount of liquid ballast he
had taken aboard, came beating his way
up Post street when he noticed, dead
abeam, one of th© before mentioned order
of signs that said one could listen to
Spanish by asking for it within. He at
once stood In, and staggering up against
the nearest counter demanded to see the
fellow that spoke Spanish. The proprie
tor, thinking he wished to transact some
business that made the services of an in
terpreter necessary, called that individ
ual to the front of the store. When he
arrived the sailor gazed at him for a ma
ment and then said: "Are you the fellow
that speaks Spanish?" "Si, Senor," an
swered the Mexican. "Then, d you,
take that," and the sailor's right fist shot
out and stretched the descendant of An
dalusian warriors flat on his back.
Owing to the resignation of the inter
preter the sign has disappeared (mm the
window, and now only English speaking
customers can get satisfactorily served.
Mr. and Mrs. John G. Jury of San Jose
are registered at the Palace, as is a^so
Thomas J. Underwood of Springfield, ill.
J. F. Condon, a business man of Verdi,
and Fred Sharp, the bandmaster of Cor
onado Beach, are among the late arrivals
at the Grand.
EXPERT OPINION OF THE SPAN
IARDS.
Here Is a passage from Macaulay, which
American commanders and soldiers should
remember, for it will apply to Cuba,
under Spanish rule, as well as to Spain:
"There is no country in Europe which it
is so easy to overrun as Spain; there is no
country in Europe which it is more dilll
cult to conquer. Nothing can be more con
temptible than the regular military re
sistance which Spain offers to an invader;
nothing more formidable than the energy
whtrh she puts forward when her regular
military resistance has been broken down.
Her armies naVe lon^' borj'e io<; i< m
semblance to mobs, but her mobs have
had in an unusual degree the spirit of
armies. • * • Castile, Leon. Andalusia,
Estremadura rose at once; every peasant
procured a firelock or a pike: the allies
were masters only of the ground on which
they trod. No soldier could wander a
hundred yards from the main body of the
invading army without imminent risk of
being poniarded."— Philadelphia Ledger.
RESPONSE TO THE CALL FOR COUN
TRY.
Judging by the enthusiasm everywhere
displayed, there will be less difficulty In
securing the number of volunteers called
for by the President's proclamation than
in pacifying those who must be rejected.
The whole country is ablaze with the war
fever and fighting material is coming for
ward In abundance— Philadelphia Ledger.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BILL NYE-W A. C. Grass Valley,
Cal. Bill Nye, the humorist, was born in k
Shirley, Me. He settled in Laramie,-*
Wyo., In 1875.
A DESERTER— J. F., City. A man who
deserted from the army of the United
States and was subsequently pardoned
has no claim on back pay or allowances
by reason of the fact t-at he was par
uoned.
THE MAFIA TROUBLE— C. D.. Tur
lock, Cal. Eleven men charged with be
longing to the Mafia, that ordered the
murder of Chief of Police Hennessey in
New Orleans were killed by a mob who
broke into the jail and shot them like
rats in their cells. The Government of
the United States paid an indemnity of
$25,000 to the Italian Government for the
benefit of the dependents of the men who
were hanged.
KNOW NOTHINGS P. F., Napa, Cal.
In 1552 in the city of New York there
sprang into public notice an organization
that was known as "The Sons of 76";
also as tire "Order of the Star-spangled
banner." It had many lodges in various
States and all its transactions were se
cret. "Whenever an individual supposed
to belong to a lodg-e was asked about tho
order the invariable reply was, "I don't
know," and from that answer arose the
name "Know Nothings."
CASINO— W. W., City. The number of
.points in the game is not stated, but It Is
presumed that it was thirty-one points.
If that is the case, if, when the last hand
waa played, A had twenty-eight points
and made big casino and ace, and i;
had twenty-four points and made cards,
spades, little casino and three aces, ho
would win according to the rule which de
clares that the count must be in the fol
lowing order: Cards, spades, big casino,
little casino and ace.
SLAVERY ABOLISHED — Subscriber,
City. In 1533 Earl Grey carried a motion
for the complete abolition of slavery in
the British colonies. It received the royal
assent August 28, 1533. A very large sum
of money way voted as compensation to
the planters who were slave-holders, and
a system of apprenticeship for seven
rears was established as a transitorial
preparation for liberty. All children un
der 6 years of age were declared free.
Subsequently the transitory period was
reduced to a shorter one, and all the
slaves were freed in August, 1838. This,
of course, included the slaves in the Brit
ish West Indies
BUILDING IN CASINO— Jose Sub
scriber, San Jose, Cal. In the game of
casino a player may have more than one .'
build on the table at on© time; rule 8
says:
"Should a player build up a card to a
certain denomination, and his opponent
decline to build it up higher, he, the first
player, may not alter his build, but' must
take it with a card of the same denomi
nation; he is, however, at liberty to make
another build, either of the same or of
any other denomination, or he may pair
or combine any of the other cards, before
taking up his first build, but he must
comply with one of the above conditions
before playing a card that will do either."
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
Love and potatoes both spring from the
eyes.
When a man weds an heiress her face
is his fortune.
Some women worry themselves gray
trying to look young.
Friends and umbrellas are ■eldom at
hand when needed
It is always a great re-leaf to the trees
when spring comes.
A man of ripe experience Is too Wise to
monkey with green fruit.
Faith without words is about as useless
as a watch without wheels.
An ounce of flattery goes further with
some women than a pound of pity.
Nature causes water to expand in freez
ing 11 — but the iceman causes the price to
expand.
Some people have more appetite than
dinner and others have more dinner than
appetite.
It is easier to point than to plod. That
is why the world is full of human guide
poFtS.
One song sung amid a storm is of more
benefit to mankind than a whole concert
when the sun is shining-.— Chicago News.
A STROKE OF STATESMANSHIP.
The United States may have lost soma
diplomatic points in previous negotiations,
but it scored an important victory in vol
untarily relinquishing the right to engage
In privateering-, thus compelling Spain to
choose between following her example and
antagonizing maritime Europe. This was
a stroke of real statesmanship on the part
of the United States.— lndianapolis Jour
nal.
■ ♦ »
EXPEDITIOUS WHEN NECESSARY.
The bill declaring war against Spain
passed the House In one minute and forty
one seconds from the time it was pre
sented, which may serve to convince Eu
rope that the machinery of a republic
works rapidly and smoothly enough when
there is a rush order on hand. — Chicago
Inter Ocean.
HARMONIOUS SENTIMENTS.
The Madrid newspaper Correspondencla
says that it "has entire confidence that
justice will ultimately triumph in the war
with the United States." We have the
same feeling over here.— Chicago Times-
Herald.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Special Notice.
Thnso troubled with dandruff and Itch
ing scalp mall this to Smith Bros, for free
sample of Smiths' Dandruff Pomade. For
sale by all druggists. •
A SOLEMN DEMONSTRATION.
,v.To see the whole country united is a
mighty demonstration, and the greatest
display of republican vigor and patriotism
the world has ever witnessed. — Globe-
Democrat.
If you lack appetite try half a wine glass of
Angostura Bitters half hour before dinner.
Made by DR. T. G. B. Siegert & So\3.
FOB ALLATIXO Hoarseness AND Irritatiox
of. the Throat, "Uroivn'* Bronchial Troches" are
wonderfully effective. Avoid Imitations.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY - AND
permanently cured by using Moki Tea. A,
pleasant herb drink. Cures Constipation and
Indigestion, makes you eat, : sleep, worK and
happy.'. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At ■No Percentage Pharmacy.
A LIGHT, PLEASE.
Morro Castle started it, but later on the
American ships may furnish Blanco with
a little lire for his Havana.— Philadelphia
Times. '
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
The Royal is tbo highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goesone-
third further than any other brand. " *
Pfll
Hkw
POWDER
. Absolutely Pure
■ ROYAL BAKINO powDea c©., NEW vomcHOW HARRY
PIPER PAID
THE PIPER
Hypothecated His Warrant to as
Many as Four Different
Money=Lenders.
Said to Be Going the "Widber Pace."
Grand Jury May Act — Arrests
Threatened.
Harry Piper, chief deputy under
County Clerk Curry, has got himself
and several other deputy county clerks
into a serious tangle with the money
brokers. Auditor Hroderick has been
bo exercised over the carrying on of
these men that he is seriously consider
ing the advisability of bringing their
actions to the attention of the Grand
Jury, and one of the brokers yesterday
threatened to have three of the deputy
clerks arrested to-day.
The trouble is over the hypothecation
of salary warrants. In one case Piper
. hypothecated one of his warrants to no
less than four different brokers. This
was the warrant for February. The
warrants for March and April have
each been hypothecated to three differ
; ent money-lenders, riis salary is $250 a
month. By his peculiar method of fln
; anciering he succeeded in raising $ISOO
on $750 worth of securities. But this
. was done without the knowledge or
consent of the brokers concerned.
Hence there is much anguish among
. those latter gentry.
According to common report all of the
proceeds have gone to swell the profits
of the ■"bookies." In other words, it is
said that Piper has been "going the
V. idber pace." This Piper denies, and
claims that the money went to pay ex
penses in his family caused by illness.
It is further charged that not content
with what he secured by the manipu
lation of his own demands upon the city
treasury, he induced three of the depu
ties in the County Clerk's office to make
double assignments of their warrants,
and also "blew in*' the proceeds of
these on the race track.
Pipers salary for February was hy
pothecated to F. L. Carpenter, S.
Kampe. F. Smith and J. Olsen. t >lsen
rehypothecated it with the Columbian
Hanking Company. When the latter
ascertained on the representation of the
assignment of the warrant to the Audi
tar that the same warrant had been as
signed to others, they forced Olsen to
make good the amount, and Olsen in
turn compelled Piper to satisfy his
•••"r claim, so that at the present time there
, .. are only three claimants'to the Febru
ary warrant. The March warrant is as
: : . sigwd.to J. Boas, F. Smith and S.
Kampe. The April warrant is assigned
• ■ to 'the same three brokers.
From Kampe Piper obtained $550,
•■;; /from . Smith $500, from Boas $500 and
-* .from -Carpenter $250.
• v Auditor Broderick will refuse to pay
any "f these warrants until there is but
one cJaimant to each. He states that it
is a matter that the brokers and Piper
: ivni have to sertle among themselves j
Among the other offenders are depu
. ties Thomas L. Doran, V. F. Northrop
 Jarrtes B. Barber and H. Barron. The
March warrants of Doran, Northrop
and Barber, for $150 each, were as
signed to F. S-uith and also to J. Boas
According to the statement of North
. ro-p the transactions were carried on
'. by Piper, who received the proceeds
from their hypothecation. According
.. to Xnrthmp's explanation the hypothe
. cation. was first made with Smith. Then
the assignments were sold to Boas, the
latter being told tha: the warrants as
signed to him were among those that
• had been held out on the suit brought
by Mayor Phelan to enjoin the Auditor
from paying certain of the deputies'
salaries. For this reason Boas did not
file his assignments with the Auditor
. -until last Friday. Meanwhile Smith had
Obtained the warrants and drawn the
money called for by them. Northrop
. stated that he .as induced to make the
-.. second assignment on the representa
tion of Piper that the latter had paid
Smith's claim and had withdrawn the
Smith assignment from the Auditor's
office.
IJ. ilarron, another deputy, is on rec
ord as having assigned one of his war
rants to J. Boas and also to S. Kampe.
. Broker Kampe is indignant but philo
sophical, over the manner in which he
has been treated.
"I loaned Mr. Piper some money," he
Bald, "and he gave me a number of as
signments as security for the amount.
He made no statement to me as to what
he did with other brokers. It is a dis
honorable act and no man of honor
would do anyt..ing of that kind. As the
matter now stands he cannot draw any
of his warrants until the claims of all
the brokers are satisfied."
Mr. Kampe is a member of the Grand
Jury. He was asked if he intended to
bring the matter before the inquisitorial
body. He replied: "I would not bring
any of my business before the Grand
Jury. I would rather be me sufferer
than do anything of that kind." Con
tinuing he said:
"I had no knowledge of his intend
ing to assign his warrants to any other
broker. If I had known he intended to
do so, he would not have got the loan
from me. I have two rules that I
strictly observe. On is that persons do
ing business with me must not do busi
ness with any other broker. The other
is that I will not loan money to a man
who drinks. When I went to collect the
warrant and was unable to do so, Mr.
Piper came to me and told rae he was
hard up and asked for time. Under the
circumstances I could do nothing else
than grant his rrquest. What good
would it have done if I had made
trouble for him?"
. In the absence of J. Boas, who is
©16 MARKET STREET. Rooms Sl-92, (Columbia Building.)
• .'.;'• • '. ; '•^■jPLpiPLjPLIsrXS O2M CITY TREASURy
[ffiti- . • . ■ San Francisco, jt£&2^<^k<^L-<^^_ 189 &
. To the AUDITOR, / \ ~ '
~'- City and County of .San Francisco, Cat. , •
Please* deliver to S. K.A/VIRE, my Remand for SALARY as
: <&c2/OyiLA ■<^^%
Respectfully,, v^^^r J&L*~
Sample of Harry Piper's System of Multiplex Hypothecation— The
February Warrant Was Assigned to Three Other Money-
Lenders.
I East, his son Nat tends to the business
lof his office. When Nat Boas was in
! formed that the warrants that had been
assigned to him by Doran, Northrop and
i Barber had been drawn and paid he was
dumfounded. He declared that it
i could not be possible, as they were
; among those that hud been held out for
i the purpose of the test suit brought by
! the Mayor. lie stated that his inform
i ant on this point was Harry Piper.
! When he learned that as a matter of
; fact the warrants had been drawn, and
> that his assignments had been filed too
late, he declared that if this was the
case he would have the three deputies
arrested to-day.
Harry Piper made a poor simulation
|of nonchalance when he was informed
of the "hot time" that was probably in
store for him. He said that he owed
these people money, and that when his
salary was tied up by the suit of the
Mayor, he had given assignments of his
: warrants to protect the brokers, who
I had previously made the loans without
; exacting any security. He at first
j denied that he had obtained the money
!on the double hypothecation of the
I warrants of Doran, Northrop and Baker,
■ but afterward admitted that these men
: had let him have the money which was
! thus obtained. He denied that he had
I negotiated the double hypothecation of
the warrants. He also denied that the
I money had been lost in playing the
; races, but claimed that sickness in his
i family had recently put him to an ex
j pense of between $1000 and $1500.
Mr. Northop, who is in charge of the
j Probate Department in the County
I Clerk's office, stated last evening that
: he was one of the unfortunate deputies
! who drew their warrants ahead. He
| did it to accommodate Mr. Piper, with
j the understanding that the warrants
! were to be redeemed within ten days.
1 He stated that as this was doce two
months ago and Mr. Piper has not car
\ ried out his agreement, he and not the
'■ deputies are to blame; that if he could
i not redeem the warrants he should
have informed the deputies and thus
given them a chance to set themselves
I straight. Mr. Northop further said
that it was an injustice to use the
I names of the deputies in connection
with the matter. He said that 6lnce he
has been in the office his actions have
been above board and always before
the public.
THE NEW CHARTER.
The Merchants' Association Sounds
Its Members on It.
The men who framed the new charter
have decided to hold a meeting on Thurs
day evening in Native Sons' Hall for the j
purpose of ratifying- the charter in its en
tirety. At this gathering ways and means ;
will be discussed looking to the adoption j
of the charter by the people. The char- \
ter has been a matter of some concern !
to the members of the Merchants' Assocla- i
tion. Many of its principal officials have |
spent time and money in creating some- i
thing to take the place of the old con- !
solldation act under which the city is now
governed, but their efforts were mure as ,
I individuals than as members.
There is now a strong desire to learn
how the majority of the members stand
on the subject. To this end postals have
been sent out to all on the association's
roll asking if they favor the adoption of
the charter, and If they believe the Mer
chants' Association should urge its adop
tion. So far about one-third of the mem
bers have answered. Of these 236 are for
it, seven against and two have not made
up their minds. Efforts are being made
to learn how the remaining two-thirds
stand before the association takes any
position in the premises.
LITIGATION EXPENSES.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany Wins Its Suit Against the
Atlantic and Pacific.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday affirmed the judgment of
the Circuit Court for the Southern
District of California in the case
of the United States Trust Company
vs. The Mercantile Trust Company, the
Atlantic- and Pacific Railroad "Com
pany and the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company. The order appealed from di
rected the receiver of the Atlantic and
. KaMroftri Company to pay to the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company $48,-
SB3 74, the proportion of taxes ctelmed to
be due from the Atlantic and Pacific to
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company
for the fiscal year IRS7-IRSB, expenses, etc.,
incurred in contesting and litigating taxes
for that year.
One Year in Jail.
Edward Kelly was yesterday sentenced
to one year in the County Jail by Judge
Joachimsen, being six months on each of
two charges of petty larceny. Kelly has
for two or three years back been victim
izing business houses by representing him
self as agent for an Oakland firm, and
he has served terms both here and in
Coluaa for doing so. He was one of the
Kelly brothers who had a dry-goods store
on Sixth street three or four years ago
and failed.
Widber's Horses Ordered Sold.
Judge Hunt made an order yesterday
directing the Sheriff of San Francisco
County and the Sheriff of Alameda Coun
ty to sell the running horses San Ramon,
Miss Reel and Rubicon. The horses be
long to ex-Treasurer Widber, and when
it was learned that he was a defaulter,
they were attached by the city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1898.
CALIFORNIA
TROOPS MAY
GO TO MANILA
Bright Prospects of Active Service
in Co-operating With Com=
modore Dewey.
Muster of Volunteers Will Soon Begin.
Duty In Sight for the Naval
Reserve.
The scenes at the National Guard head
quarters yesterday were exceedingly lively.
All the prominent officers of the Guard re
ported during the day, and many of them
transacted an immense amount of routine
business.
The Governor, when seen at headquar
ters yesterday by a Call representative,
said: "The National Guard is now ready
and prepared. Its maximum strength is
about 5000 men. There will be seventeen
companies that will be excluded under the
call for troops, and these -will form the
nucleus of a new Guard, that will, no
doubt Lie rapidly recruited. In fact, there
will be some men in each company who
will be unable to go, and these wil form
the nucleus of a new company, for every
one that goes into the service.
"Were the Government to desire it,
California could easily furnish twice the
number of men called for by the Presi
dent."
The Governor expresed himself as hav
ing no fears regarding the loyalty of the
Spanish-Americans and Mexicans of the
State. He also approves of and thinks the
idea of properly equipping the police of
the city for a sort of home guard in -case
of emergency is an excellent idea.
Major J. W. F. Diss of San Bernardino
the inspector of the First Brigade, re
ported to General Barrett at headquar
ters yesterday morning. lie held a long
conference with the adjutant general, but
refused to divulge the nature of the busi
ness that required hia presence here.
Major Diss has only recently completed
an inspection of the entire First Brigade,
and he reports that General Last's com
mand is in excellent shape and prepared
for immediate service in the field. The
major will remain In the city for several
days. He says the soldier boys of the
Southern part of the State are eager and
anxious to go to the front, and that they
will be greatly disappointed if they do
not see servi< -i-.
In addition to the previous applications
that have been filed from the medical
officers of the National Guard, who de
sire to serve the Government, dispatches
were received at headquarters yesterday
from the following officers of the differ
ent medical corps tending their services to
Governor Budd: Charles D. Ball, major
ana surgeon of the Seventh Infantry;
W. W. Itr.blee, assistant surgeon of the
Seventh Infantry; P. L. Rusuell, surgeon
of the Sixth Infantry, and C. A. Rodgers,
assistant surgeon of the Sixth Infantry.
Innumerable dispatches were also re
ceived from prominent officers of the
Guard tendering their services, and these
were placed on file with those that have
already been received.
One of the chief topics of discussion at
headquarters yesterday was furnished by
The Call's special war bulletin announc
ing: the probability that the National
Guard may be ordered to the Philippines.
In event of such being the rase the Cali
fornia troops will be selected because of
their nearness- to the islands and the fact
that they are prepared to move at a mo
ment's notice. The mere prospect has
caused much excitement and speculation
among the officers and men of the Guard,
who are only too anxious to help share in
the glory of holding: the Philippines.
General Barrett said it would be the
most practicable thing the Government
could possibly do, to send the California
troops to the support of Admiral Dewey.
They could be moved with less expense
than troops from any other section of the
country because they are practically as
sembled at the point of embarkation. It
will require about three weeks to trans
port the troops to Manila.
Captain Carrington indorses the Idea
and thinks that the sending .of the Cali
fornia troops to the Philippines would be
both a wise and excellent move upon the
part of the Government. In event of the
Guard being sent there is hardly any
doubt but that Captain Carrington will
accompany them.
Benjamin Birdsall, a retired commis
sary sergeant of the regular army, has
applied to Lieutenant Cloman, who has
been detailed us acting quartermaster
and commissary of subsistence, to be ap
pointed commissary sergeant. He has
had thirty years' service in the United
States army.
Mayor M. P. Snyder of Los Angeles was
at headquarters yesterday, and held a
conference with the adjutant-general. It
was given out that his visit was purely
for the purpose of attending to private
business, but it is believed that the Mayor
came to see about having steps taken to
ward preparing defenses for the south.
Captain Carrington received a dispatch
from the "War Department yesterday af
ternoon, instructing him to purchase sup
plies for the volunteers as they are mus
tered in. He is empowered to purchase
the necessary supplies without advertis
ing for them, as is generally required.
The dispatch further instructed Captain
Carrington to report progress made in
mustering in the Guard. This report is to
be made every evening at G o'clock. Prom
this it would appear that the War Depart
ment thought that Captain Carrington
had received his orders for the commence
ment of the muster, or evidently it knows
he may receive them at any moment.
Colonel Guthrie of Sacramento, com
manding the Second Regiment, was at
headquarters during the afternoon, and
saw the Go%*ernor and General Barrett.
He reported the Second with nine com
panies recruited up to the maximum re
quirement, and stated I ' that he could easily
raise the three companies necessary to
m.ake a regiment of twelve companies.
One of these could be organized on a few
hours' notice at Willows and the other at
Auburn. The Second is eager to be mus
tered into the service and is prepared to
move at any time.
It is known that the Government has
made an appropriation for the subsistence
of the Guard when it is called out to be
mustered into service. They will be fed
by the day under < Government contract.
Colonel T. M. UcCormlck of Honduras,
a wealthy and influential citizen, who for
ten years was in the artillery service in
Honduras, was at headquarters yester
day and offered his services to General
Barrett. Colonel McCormick is a native
'of New Tork. He reports that the people
! of Central America generally are in sym
pathy with the Americans.
One of the most important announce
ments marie at headquarters yesterday
! was the official statement by Gener.il
Barrett that the applications for the vol
unteer service n mounted to 50,000, and of
1 fiiis number 40,000 were filed in his office ]
, at Sacramento by April so, the remainder j
having been received since then. Tho !
recapitulation of app4ications for volun- |
! teer service given out by General Barrett j
\is as follows: Number of companies, 110; I
number of battalions, sixteen; number of I
regiments, five; number of brigades, two; I
number of batteries, three; estimated :
i number of men, 40.000; number of chap
; lams tendering services, ten, number of
, veterinary Burgeons, one, and number of
doctors, forty-live.
NATIONAL GUARD.
Work of Mustering in Vol
unteers May Begin
To=Morrow.
The National Guard of California has
but a few hours' existence as a State mill
' tary organization remaining to it. In less
than forty-eight hours there Is every
; probability that the work of mustering in
! the soldiers will have commenced, and
I they will become Uncle Sam's Instruments
of war.
Late last night Governor Budd received
■ the following official letter from the War
; Department confirming the dispatch he
: received several days ago:
War Department,
WASHINGTON, AprtJ zo, 189 S.
To the Governor <7i California— Sir: Under
the act of Congress "to provide for temporar
ily Increasing the military establishment of the
United States In time of war, , and for other
purposes," approved April 22. is<<\ and calling
for 125,000 volunteers, by direction of the Presi
i dent, I have the honor to request you to pro
vide from your State the quota of volunteers
as follows: Two (2) regiments and two (2)
battalions of infantry, and four (4) heavy bat
teries, to serve in the arms of service destfT
nated, for the period of two years, unless
sooner discharged. Attached will be found a
statement shov- ■■- the organization for artil
lery, cavalry and Infantry.
1" lease cause the adjutant-general of the
army to be informed of the time your quota
will be at its rendezvous, as it will be met
i as soon as practicable thereafter by an officer
to muster It Into service and pay of the United
States. The mustering ofllcer will be instruct
ed to receive no man, who is over 45 or under
; IS, or who Is not in physical strength and
■ vigor. As soon as mustered into the United
States service. It is the Intention that troops
! from your State shall be assembled with others
i for Instruction and service under the direction
of the major-general commanding the army at
some point or points to be designated here
after. It Is desirable for reasons stated in
telegram of this date that as far as practi
cable, the National Guard be given preference.
The rendezvous for • your - State will be San
] Francisco. If, from any cause, It Is found nec
essary to change point of concentration, your
recommendation is requested. Bands ; may 'be
I organized from the strength of regiments as
! in the regular army, ; viz.: See paragraph 245,
army regulations, 1*9.". Very respectfully,
R. A. ALGER, Secretary of War.
All that now remains, since everything
Is In readiness, Is to wait until Captain
Carrington receives the mustering blanks
and his detailed instructions. These were
mailed from the War Department on
Friday, and should reach here to-day or
to-morrow. Immediately after they have
been received by Captain Carrington he
will notify the Governor that he is ready
and the work of mustering in the Guard
will begin.
NAVAL MILITIA.
Plans for Rendezvous of
the Reserve Men of
California.
There Is now absolutely no doubt
that the naval militia will soon be called
into the service of the Government. The
probability of such being the fact has al
ready been published in The Call.
The following letters, which explain
themselves, wore received at headquarters
lute last night:
Navy Department,
Office i.f Asf-istant Secretary,
"WASHINGTON. I). C., April 27, IS9B.
Sir: The department Is in receipt of your
telegram of April 26, in which you ask If it
can give you any Information as to the proba
bility of the California Naval Militia's services
being required sunn, and stating that the ofli
cers and men are ready and willing. In if—
ply, you are Informed that plans are being
considered for rendezvousing the Naval Militia
at certain points preparatory for sorvtce. At
present the attention of the department is
taken up almost entirely with the Atlantic and
gulf coast;;, as beinsr most liable to be at
tacked. As soon as the services of the Naval
Militia are required you will be informed by
telegraph. Very respectfully,
T. ROOSKVKI.T, Assistant Secretary.
The Governor of California, Sacramento, Cal.
NAVY YARD, MARE ISLAND, Cal.,
April 30. 1398.
Sir: A copy of a letter from the Honorable
Secretary of the Navy Is herewith inclosed for
necessary information, which you will please
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SiJ^kELECtRIG BELTS
raSs^/ VV^/'M^ l" V A.'/I\p®|a'-'' Are good things If properly made, but some of
e^id**^^ nY 1 / ' '■ ■ ■■■/ L/j«B the thlnps which are sold as "electric belts"
*«1 TpWßSjEßbS,**' '< / -.mi imntgg^RjSqy lit hlßh prices by unprincipled quacks are
actually not worth 5 cents apiece. If you want
-l3 '{~3%U£ : %r<V&rr • a good belt, one to last a rraEonnble length of
v /TT®BEiiii^-^T-^SfiSii^ J <^ time, and fill you with Electricity: from the
"// / N^r^" £ NyvCfts- . ' /^nT\ soles of your feet f o the • top of your : head,
■»■./• . '^JxiZ^ ll\ ■* you MUST have "Dr. Pierces." for it Is the
»5f l_x-»_ BEST and Is warranted to be exactly as represented.
-<%-j^~^ TESTIMONIALS we have enough of to . fill this entire
r¥^r^. ' newspaper/ Send for our Free Book, No. 2. It gives price list
i / 7 I^> and tells all about it. Or call at office and examine the goods
EUT BE SURE YOU
BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE DR. PIERCES.
IF RUPTURED, ask also for our latest '"PAMPHLET No. 1."
ADDRESS, or call on the .
Pierce Electric Co., 620 Market St.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL, S. F.
SEATTLE OFFlCE— Sullivan block,' 712 First aye.. Seattle. Wash.
Wright's Mil Yeptalle Pills I
Are acknowledged by thousands ot persons who i
have used them ior over forty years to cura !
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTH'A- i
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples j
and purify the blood.
Crossman's SDBCiflc Mixture !
With this remedy persons can cure them- ;
gelves* without the least exposure, change ot ;
diet or change in application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least injury
to the constitution. A»k your druggist for it. ,
Price. $1 a bottle.
furnish me as soon as possible. Respectfully,
- W. A. XIRKLAND,
Rear Admiral. U. S. N., Commandant Navy
-Yard and Station. - -
Hon. James H. Budd, Governor State of
California. Sacramento. Ca!.
Navy Department,
WASHINGTON, April .25, 1898.
Sir: Such naval militia officers as desire toen
ter th.» United States navy by receiving acting
appointments in the different corps will have to
paps a physical and professional examination
before being appointed acting officers, ami
they must be either native born or naturalized
citizens of the United States. If they pass
the required professional examination slight
physical defects may be waived by the depart
ment. ■
It is required that you furnish the depart
ment, as soon as practicable, with the names
Of such officers of the Naval Militia who de
sire to receive acting appointments In the
United States navy, and with the proposed
rank to which they should be assigned, In or
der that - acting appointments may be Issued
them and they may be ordered to duty on
board i such vessels as the Naval Militia will
serve upon. It is not the Intention of the de
partment to appoint any acting officer to a
rank higher than that of lieutenant. Respect
fully, . JOHN D. LONG. Secretary.
Commandant Mare Island Navy Yard.
From the letter of Assistant Secretary
Roosevelt It will be seen that the naval
militia may expect a call at any moment.
The information asked for by Admiral
Kirkland will in no way affect any of the
naval militia who may desire to enlist In
the United States navy without waiting
to be called upon.
THE ARTILLERISTS.
More Than the Required
Number Have Already
Volunteered.
Signatures to the heavy artillery rolls
have now reached 443. and to-day It Is
expected that the 500 mark, or close to
It, will be reached. The call was for 400,
but it is expected that at least twenty
five per cent will be rejected for one
cause or another, and so the rolls will
be kept open until 500 men have signed.
Fifty added their names yesterday as
follows:
J. V. Ennis 36. F. Winkler 27, F. Hemlman
24. W. M. Phillips 19. J. P. Babb 2f.. C. Lts
dell IS, G. Williams 21, E. Murphy 28, F.
Smith 2S. A. Shaw 22, E. B. Pursel 3f>. Ed
Ficket 33, J. A. Murray SS. E. M. Hood 24,
E M. Kruert 27, R. Alinpulst 32. M. J. Clifford
24, Joseph Carter 2n, H. Waite 25, Frank
House 21, F. vi.n Hrnkelnn 28, Fred Humm 28,
X C. Donaldson 2S, M. J. Leahy 43, Charles
Sppncer 22, William Bogart 27. Ralph Bry
ant 20. J. F. Markle 26, Jamfs A. W. Tor
rance 27, R. J. Graham IS Michael Logan 54,
Thomas McDonald 3<". Daniel Keoham 30, C.
V 11. St. Cyr 33. L. Gebhardt 24, Blttiste Berte
24, 3. Shaffer 2S, J. Dodim 3.). John Carney U,
William EAg*r 21. J'.'hn Grant Mullen 25, John
Louis 30, R. O'Connell 29. J. J. Kattingfr 26,
O. Buckiey 21. J. F. Kelly 42, L. Plato 2<». W.
W. Olidden 19, Harry P. Thede 19, J. J. Drum
mond 2'J.
Colonel Mosby's Services.
Colonel John S. Mosby Is in receipt of a
I letter from Major-General Nelson A.
Miles, U. S. A., wherein the latter says:
"I have recommended you for a position
in connection with the troops of the
i South."
In tendering his services to the Govern
! ment, Colonel Mosby did not signify that
1 he desired any particular work in the
! service, and neither did he ask for any
! special command. He simply offered his
: services to his country.
' Colonel Mosby denies most explicitly
that he has made an. application for the
\ position of brigadier-general of volun
i teers.
JOY AT THE
ARMY POSTS
Enthusiasm Over Commo
dore Dewey's Great
Naval Victory.
News of Commodore Dewey's splendid
' victory at Manila filled the hearts of the
Presidio soldiers with joy. The great
naval achievement was the chief topic of
conversation yesterday all along the line
from Fort Mason to Fort Point. The en
; listed men were as happy as the officers,
! and the troopers of the Fourth Cavalry
' were fully as enthusiastic as the men of
the Third Artillery. Every item of intel
■■ ligence coming over the wires was eagerly
1 awaited, and predictions were made that
one more triumph of equal magnitude
would practically bring to a close the war
with Spain. It seemed to be the judg
! ment of army people that the fleets of
Sampson and Schley should pounce upon
the Spanish armada from Cape Verde as
! soon as it came within range.
Colonel Miller, Third United States Ar
: tillery, the commander of the artillery
defenses of San Francisco Harbor, had a
j busy day yesterday. lie was at Fort
i Point early In the day and later on vis
ited the fortifications at Lime Point. He
received many dispatches from General
Merriam and the engineers, and dictated
replies to First lieutenant Morris K.
Barroll, Third Artillery adjutant. Major
David 11. Kinzie, field efflcer, is in charge
! of the forces on the tented field of Fort
I Point. Major Frank \V. Hess also holds
an important command on the main line
The sergeant and five men of the United
' States Engineer Corps, whose departure
from Willets Point for San Francisco was
mentioned a low days ago in the dis
patches from New York, -arrived here yes
terday. Colonel Morris, commanding the
post at the Presidio, provided quarters
and rations for the detachment. Major
lieuor of the Engineer Corps was at once
advised of the arrival of the men. It is
no secret that these men from Willets
Point will at once begin the work of
lili'nting torpedoes and submarine mines
in the bay. The work is well advanced
In its general scope. The torpedo ma
ti rial stored at CJoat Island is at hand.
Much of the preliminary work of the
electricians has been done, yet some ex
! pert manipulation Is required to render
. the system available for immediate use.
Batteries of rapid-fire guns are In posi
tion to protect the mine field.
Orders have been received at depart
i ment headquarters directing that the vol
i unteers when mustered into the United
i States service shall be rationed the same
as regular troops. Instructions to this
effect have been .communicated to the
commissary officers of the regular army.
To-day the band of the Third Artillery
i will come from Angel Island and occupy
the quarters at the Presidio recently va
cated by the band of the First United
States Infantry.
Yesterday Lieutenant Boyd, Fourth
CO OOO 0000000000000
%™ PALACE *•«?
%GRAND HOTEI
a SAN "FRANCISCO. q
W rrrnecti-.i ny n covered wafsaifswar. -»
1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. !?
O * ? Aur Uxdeh OOby b 1 Maxage.w.< t. TO.
O : :: NOTE THE PRICES :i<"^ O
O European Plan. SI. OO per day and upward q
i American Plan.» 3. OO per day »nd upward **
(5 Correapomlenoe; Solicited. O
q JOHN C. XIRKPAT&ICK, O
000000000000000000
Cavalry recruiting officer at the Presidio,
applied to be relieved from other duty, as
it required all his time to attend to the
affairs of the recruiting office. Twenty
applicants for enlistment were in line at
the Presidio when the office opened for
business yesterday morning.
Two men were "fired" from the reser
vation yesterday. One was a drunken
citizen and the other a three-time deserter
from the army who wanted to enlist in
the Fourth Cavalry. lie was recognized
as a man who deserted from Captain
Gale's troop of the Fourth Cavalry in
Arizona. Colonel Morris questioned the
man, and ascertained that he had de
serted from the Sixth Cavalry while a
squadron of that regiment was on duty
in New York during the reception of LI
Hung: Chang. Th* old deserter's name is
Kearney. The reasons he gave for his
former desertions were so flimsy that Col
onel Morris and Captain Gale advised him
to leave the reservation at once. He ob
tained a day's rations and went away.
The following general order is interest-
Ing to property-owners at this time:
Headquarters of the Arms*, Adjutant-General's
Office, Washington. April 20, 1838.— General
Orders No. 21.
1. By direction of the Secretary of War, the
equipment of each batten.' of light artillery
will include six guns, six caissons, one com
bined forgp and battery wagon and 100 horses.
Battery commanders will make the necessary
requisitions to carry out the provisions <->! this
order without delay.
2. The following Joint resolution of Con
gress Is published for the information and gov
ernment of all concerned:
•'Joint resolution relative to suspension of
part of sectl«n 355 of Revised Statutes, rela
tive to the erection of forts, fortifications,
etc."
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Repre
sentatives of the United States of America In
Congress assembled. That in case of emergency
when, in the opinion of the President, the
Immediate erection of any temporary fort or
fortification is deemed important and urgent,
such temporary fort or fortification may be
constructed upon the written consent of the
owner of the land upon which such work Is to
be placed, and the requirements of section 35."
of the Revised Statutes shall not be applicable
in su^h cases.
Approved April 11, 1898.
By command of
MAJOR-GENERAL MfLES.
H. C. CORBIN, Adjutant-General.
Upon the recommendation of Chief Sur
geon of the Department, Captain Isaac P.
Ware, assistant surgeon, will proceed
from Benieia Barracks to the camp near
Fort Winfield Scott. Cal., reporting upon
arrival to Colonel Marcus P. Miller, Third
AMUSEMENTS.
SOCIETY GALA RACE DAY.
THIS DAY, THIS DAY,
TUESDA Y TUESDA Y
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE - v
San Francisco Polyclinic;
Under the Auspices of the California Jockey Club.
— SIX RACES! ■>
Of /V rvrTv^C/O • : : ; •*
WiJfseTn^^ cl . et r. . r GENTLEMEN'S RACE. ..
TO BE FOLLOWED BY THE ' ._,
POLYCLINIC HANDICAP. .
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m., and 12:30, 1, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with the trains stopping at the entrance to the track. Buy your .erry tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after the last
race .'*.... '
ADMISSION .... $1.00.
SECURE YOUR TICKETS BEFORE YOU GO OVER FROM THE LEADING STORES
OR THE PATRONESSES.
E\ZER>" ONE WILL BE THERE I W/OIV'T YOU "?
. . , r
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY,
Hoyfs Best Comedy, '
**f\ TEXAS STEER!"
KATIE PUTNAM, Specially Engaged as
Bossy; Maurice Freeman, Will H. Bray, the
Original Bison. City Quartet and an All-Star
Cast.
Popular Prices, 15c. 2.'c and SOc. No Higher.
Monday, May >-"TIIE ENSIGN."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Eminent Dramatic Actor, >
ROBERT B. JVIANTELL
"Accompanied by a Select Company Under the
Management of M. W. Hauler. Presenting
for the First Time in This City a New
Romance by A. W. Tremayne, Entitled :
f\ SECRET WARRANT.
Numerous Accessories. Superb Costumes.
Next Monday— "MONBARS." __.
BALDWIN THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
FERRIS HfIRTMAN
And his deter New" York Company in the
comedy hit of the season, -
"THE PURSER."
EXTRA— Every afternoon except Saturday at 3.
The Marvelous PASSION PLAY. Admission 25c.
NEXT MONDAY— The season's ■ novelty, the
great French Pantomlmist,
PILAR /V\ORIN f
And Her Original Company, in the Tragic
1 Pantomime, ,
"IN OLD JAPAN!"
In conjunction with Fritz Scheel's Orchestra.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1597-98, • Beginning TUESDAY,
May 3, to May 21 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
RACES START AT 2:15 P. H. SHARP. j
Ferry boats leave Son Francisco 12 m. and >■
12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with train stopping at . the entrance to j
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound, j
Returning— leave the track at 4:15 and |
4:45 p. m.. and immediately after the last race. i
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pres.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. -■-,
NORRIS BROS.'
PEERLESS
DOG AND PONY SHOW!
Positively the Largest. Handsomest and Most
Highly Educated Collection of TRAINED DO-
MESTIC ANIMALS in America.
100— PERFORMING PETS — 100
Exhibit Under Their Big Tents.
CENTRAL PARK.
Beginning. . . .' MONDAY, MAY 2.
Evening Performances, 8 p. m.
Matinees Daily (Except Sunday), 2:30 p. m.
PRICES — Adults 25c, Children 15c.
Street Parade,. 11 a. m. Dally.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
I Such Living Pictures aa
——"VISIONS OF ART!"—
Have - Seldom Been Seen in America.
" BEAUTIFUL MODELS!
PARIS BROUGHT. TO SAN FRANCISCO!
100 to All, Including Zoo, etc. Children, So.
EL CAMPO,
; THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the '■ season.
Music,' Dancing. . Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other ; amusements. ■ ■ , . .-
. Refreshments -at city prices. Fare, round
trip, .• 23c: ' Children. 16c; including admission
to grounds. -•■-•*"-'- • ■"~* ; '•'■-- •
-,- - - —THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry ;at 10:30 a. m.V 12:10.
I and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1. 2 and 5 p. m.
HT VIMPIA I c °'n«< of Muon «nJ
ULIiU^A | Eddy s , raetlb .
WAR! WAR! WAR SCENES'— The Maine:
; divers I at ; work : feeding . reconcentrados; Span.-
■ ish ■ troops and - ships, -< with a • host iof thriulttf
"Havana war /scenes =by the Blograph;' and . a
great olio of specialties. Most interesting show i
;In the city. :? ADMISSION FREE. : ,
Artillery, for temporary duty with the
I troops in that camp.
Upon the recommendation of Chief Sur
' peon of the Department, under A. R.
| 1408, the following named privates of the
hospital corps will proceed, without de
lay, to the camp near Fort Winfleld Scott,
Cal.. reporting upon arrival to Colonel
Marcus P. Miller, Third Artillery, for
duty with the troops in that camp, viz.:
Joseph Ceiger, now at Fort Mason; John
R. Gittlngs, now at Henieia Barracks.
. ♦ .
OLD OFFICERS RESIGN.
| Little and McGinnis Will Be Placed
on the Pension List.
The Police Commissioners met last
night, and accepted the resignations of
James McGinnis and William Little. A3
they have both served over twenty years
in the department and have attained the
age of 60 years, they will be placed on
the pension list a.t the next meeting of
the pension board.'
McGinnis, for some time past, has been
acting as assistant turnkey in the City
i Prison. He has a host of friends who
will sincerely regret his leaving the de
partment.
Little has been attached to the Soutlv
1 crn Station for a number of years, and Is
I held in high esteem by Captain Splllane.
j The matter of appointing a successor to
! Captnin Robinson and the filling
| of the other vacancies in the department
was continued for another week.
• ■*• •
The "Koh-I-Xoor ' lead pencil will out
j last three others. Tryjt. •
. ♦ .
Printers' Picfnic.
The eleventh anniversary picnic and
■ family excursion of the Union Printers' .
: Mutual Aid Society will be held at Mira
| bel Park, Bonoma County, on Thursday,
May IS, A numiier of new features will
. be introduced on the occasion, including
! games for ladies and children, for which
i prizes will be givsn. The committee hay.-
UiR the matter in hand is workini? hard
for the success of the affair, and a pleas
ant time is assured all who attend.
■ w •
Mrs. Emeric's Will.
The will of the late Mrs. H. F. Emeric
; will be filed for probate to-rlay by the
firm of lleddy, Campbell & Metson.
MOROSGO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and .Manager.' „
Second Week of the American Songbird, • .
LETTIE LE VYNE *.
In the Realistic Drama of New York Life.
"HEARTS OF NEW YORK."
Great Specialties and Comedy Element.
WILLIAMS AND CASMORE. Specially En-
gaged for Comedy Roles.
"War Bulletins Read Between Acts.
Evening Prices, 10c, 25c and 50c. I ;
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor & Manager
"A PRETTY GIRL! A SUMMER NIGHT!"
THIS EVENING.
The Greatest of All Comic Operas,
"WANGI"
Great Cast! Magnificent Costume*!
Beautiful Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes!
"Ask of the Man in the Moon."
LOOK OUT FOR
Our Most Successful Comedy Opera,
"SHIP MHOY!"
Up to Date and Away Ahead. •
Popular prices.. 2:.c and SOo
Box-office always open ; no telephone.
GREAT NEW BILL OF NOVELTIES.
CONTINUED SUCCESS OF
- KERNER'S. VISIONS OF ART; JOHN W.
RANSOME, as General Fitzhugh Lee; BOG-
ART & O'BRIEN, eccentric musical come-
dians; HAVES * -BANDY, dancing marvels:
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND: TONY WILSON and
clown; RENO & RICH ARM, ROBERTA *
DORETO and FISH & QUIGG. •
' Reserved Seats. 2."c; Balcony, . 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box, Seats. 5<V. .
Matinees every -Wednesday, Saturday and
Sunday. '.-''■'-- ■ ■ - - - . .
* t /nr arra rS seats by
ALCAZAR. PHON E
LAST WEEK! LAST NIGHTS!
Triumphant Success of
THE GAY PARISIANS !
L.' R. - Stockwell ■ Heads an Unapproachable
Company and Compels You to Laugh
Till You Cry. Shriek Till You ■■
Are Hoarse.
Next Week— "NIOBE."
"Prices- l.'c. 25c, 35c. 50c.
MADE ME A MAN
MAJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
A. £,£, Nervous X^coifs-Falling Mem
ory, Impotence, Sleepleesness, etc., caused
by Abase or other Excesses and Indis-
cretions, They quickly and curtly
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a man for study, business or marring*.
J» Prevent Insanity . and Consumption -if
mo. Their nee shows lmmedlata improve-
ment and effects a CUKE nhcr» all other fail ,i In-
sist upon having the genuine Ajaz Tablets. They
have oared thousands and will cure yon. Wo blto a poo-
Hire vrittsn cnaranteo to atf^ct a care En ItTs in
each or refund the money. Prio« WVI «• par
T«ckase; or six pkcas (fall treatment) for $2.50. By
mail In plain wrapper, npon receipt o" price. Circular
«*~-a-Jax remedy co., "cKr?,?>
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnlta & Co.
236 Sutter. j No-Percentage Pharmacy, 949 Mkt.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for : the sexual and urinary organs -ot. both
sexes, and a great remedy. for diseases of the
kidneys and = bladder. A ♦ great Restorative, ,
- igorator - and . Nervine. . Sells on . Its : own '
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NADER. ALF3 & BRUNE, Agents, ;
323 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for , Circular.)
jfl^ WONG WOO,
■jP^9. CHINESE TEA AND HERB
fejP S SANITARIUM,
jSEd&W 7e4 " 68 CLAY ST. , San Francisco, o*l .
'odl^^KwT All diseases cured exclusive-
V>JstrS*;JwP 1? by Chinese herbs, over WOO ,
fltA¥iidjfms* varieties being used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours, 'j:3O to 11 a. in., 1 to 3 a*4 Ito
9 p. m.
78
ORIOLES BEAT
THE GIANTS
In the Game With Boston
' "Washington Scores
a Goose Egg.
Pirates Lose Their Third Game
to the Hard Hitters From
Cincinnati.
Chicago Defeats Louisville and th«
Trolley-Car Dodgers Lose to
Philadelphia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BALTIMORE.' May 2.— The Orioles j
touched up Meekin for seven hits tor a ;
total of fifteen bases and took a win- :
ning lead in the first two innings. At- I
tendance 2145. Score:
R. 11. E.
Baltimores « 14 1
Kew Yorks ♦ 8 1
Batteries— Hughes and- Clark; Meek In ana i
Grady. Umpires — Emslle and Andrews.
WASHINGTON, May The Boston
team whitewashed the Senators, play- :
ing without an error. Attendance 3000. i
Score: r. n. k. i
TVaFliinptons 0 < 3
Bostons 1 12 0
Batteries— Weyhing and McGuire; Nichols
and Yeager. — i^r.yder.
CLEVELAND. May 2.— No game, j
on account of rain. - :v -.
PITTSBURG, May 2.— Pittsburg lost j
its third game on the home grounds to '
Cincinnati to-day because the visitors j
outplayed them at every point. ■ At- j
tendance 1700. Score: :
_. . R. IT. E. l
Pittsburgh 3 9 3;
Cincinnati? 7 13 "I
Batteries— Klllen and Schriever; Dammann j
and Wood. Umpires— Swartwood and Wood.
CHICAGO, May The Colonels ;
played very loosely in the field and
were outbatted by a small margin in a
hard slugging match. Attendance 1100. j
Score: n. h. c.
Chicapos "• 13 19 2:
Louisvilles 7 14 6
Batteries— Thornton, Isbell anil Donahue:
Ehret and Wilson. Umpires— Cuahman and j
Heydler. ' V .V- :
•NEW YORK, May 2.— What appeared '
certain defeat for the Brooklyns was
turned into victory in the eighth inning j
to-day at Washington Park. Attend- I
and 700. Score:
R. H. E. I
Brooklyns 10 13 6 J
Philadelphia* 9 15 1|
Batteries — Dunn, Yeaprer an.l Grim; Donahue
and McFarland. Umpires— Lynch and Con- i
no! ley.
Eastern Races.
NEW YORK. April 2.— lt was disagree- i
able again to-day ='t Aqueduct, but the
track was fast. Results.
Six furlongs. .Sanders won. Tabouret
second, Gala Day third. Time. 1:15 3-5.
Four and a half furlongs, Belling, Joe
Carroll won. Al Reeves second, overboard
third. Time, :.",: 1-5.
About seven furlong's. Miss Tenny won.
Lexington Pirate second, Pink Cha-mbray
third. Time, 1:27.
The Ozone stakes, four and a half fur- j
longs, Chemisette won. Bessie Taylor sec- j
ond. Holden third. Time, :56 2-5.
One mile and forty yards, selling. Ben ;
Ronald won, Our Johnny second, Festa
third. Tim.-. 1:46.
About seven furlongs, selling, RotTer
dam won,Rapi>ah;tnnofk second. Governor
Bheehan third. Time, 1:27 1-5.
EXTENSIVE LOSS BY
FIRE AT RED BLUFF.
Buildings Valued fit Thirty Thousand
Dollars Go Up in Flames and
Smoke.
RED BLUFF. May 2.— A conflagration J
at 2 o'clock this afternoon caused a loss
of about $30,000, half covered by insur
ance. Flames started in a shed and a
barn owned by J. L. Barham and E. EL
"Ward, and their handsome two-story resi
dence B were soon In ashes. The Presby
terian church, costing 112,000, was next
burned, as was the residence occupied by !
William Comstocic. Mrs. Jeffries' dwell
ing was damaprt. A brisk wind prevailed
and several other houses caught fire from
flying tinders.
J. J-. Barham's loss is JSOOO; insurance,
$3775. Presbyterian church. $12,000; insur
ance, $6800; E. 11. Ward, 55500; insurance,
13750. William Comstock, $1000; insurance,'
$500. J. C. Tipton, %IW). Mrs. Jeffries' i
damages are covered by an insurance of :
$1000. There wore many small lossess on
sheds and fences. The M. E. church
South and many residences narrowly es
caped.
ORGANIZE A YOUNG
LADIES' INSTITUTE.
Grand Officers Form a Branch of the
Catholic Order at Redwood
City.
REDWOOD CTTY, May 2.— A branch of j
the Young Ladies' Institute was organized
to-day with the assistance of Philip !
Princevalle, who had completed the pre- I
liminary work. The' grand officers, Miss i
Sophie A. Grote, grand president; Miss !
Josephine T. Malloy, gTand secretary: :
Elizabeth Terry and Helen Winters, grand I
directors, assisted by Dr. Elizabeth j
Lynch, met in Odd Fellows' Hall and i
completed their work in initiating and in-
Stalling the officers and members for the i
ensuing term. The officers are as fol- '
lows: Past president, Mrs. A. Hanson; :
president, Miss Louis Rousell; first vice- i
president, Miss Minnie Stafford; second
vice-president, Miss Annie Shannon; re- i
cording secretary. Miss Kate McNamara; |
financial secretary, Miss Lizzie Hadler; j
• marshal, Rose Heenan; treasurer, Mrs. '
Kate Havey; trustees, Mrs. Agnes Cole
man, Misses Mary Carltoe, Annie Flynn.
After the ceremonies and speeches from
the grand officers, a vote of thanks was
extended to Fathers t'onlln and M. P. j
Keams, Mr. Princevalle and the Sisters j
of the convent for their work in assisting i
the grand officers of the institute.
REPUBLICAN VICTORY.
Democratic Ticket Beaten at Gilroy
For the First Time.
<SJI,ROY, May 2.— The city election to
day was the most exciting held in years, j
. The Republicans and Democrats put up I
straight party tickets of representative
men, and 423 votes were cast. For the
first time In the -history of the town
Gilroy "went" Republican. Only two Dem
ocrats were elected — Thomas Hines and
W. S. Moore, for Couneilmen. The re
sult is a great victory for the Republi
cans.
The vote was as follows: For Mayor
Dr. H. R. Chesbro, 240; V. Grodhous. 173 !
For Clerk. Sum Kroesen. 231; W. R. Pyle, j
176. Treasurer. Henry Hecker, 289; Jacob '
Retther. 110. For Marshal, James McEl
roy, 203; John Rives, 197. For Couneilmen
(six elected). Cleveland. 197; Eustlce, 288;
Franklin, 151; Ilansen, 153; Hines, 214-
Martin, 149; Moore, 251; J. Rea, 97; Thay
' er, 250; Tremaine, 118; Wentz, 245.
The Republicans are celebrating.
JARRED BY TWO
EARTHQUAKE SHOCKS.
SALINAS, May 2.— Two distinct - shocks
of earthquake were felt here at 6:05 this
morning. The vibrations, which :. were
from east to west.; were very heavy .and
caused much alarm. Except for a few
broken windows no damage was noted.
SANTA CRUZ, May 2.— This - morning
Santa Cruz was visited. by an earthquake.
.f he • shock was not very heavy and no
damage was done.:; -,nr ... \ ■,
■ .■■.-.,
RACING CLOSED
AT INGLESIDE
A Moderate-Sized Crowd
Swelled Balboa Bou
levard Fund.
The Downfall of Won't Dance
Was a Stunning Sur
prise.
Recreation Scored «n Easy Win.
Light Fields and Four Beaten
Favorites.
Tt could hardly be Bald that Ingleside
track closed its gates on the racing sea
son yesterday in a blaze of glory. The
weather was cold, the card an extremely
light one, and only the regulars turned
out. However, the Balboa boulevard
fund, for whose benefit the racing was
conducted, must have received quite a
substantial amount.
Notwithstanding the paucity of entries,
it was not all pig tails and hominy for the
favorites, four of the, choices having their
pictures turned toward the wall.
The wise division to a man fell all In
a bunch over the result of Uie 1750 mile
and a quarter "special," with but three
starters. Everybody wanted Won't
Dance at 3 to 5, and the Corrigan mare
finished last. Twinkler, the outsider in
the betting, ridden by Dick Clawson, was
allowed to make the running, and when
it came to the drive at tne end the favor
ite couldn't make it and Thorpe's groggy
finish astride Morelllto permitted the de
spised one to win by a very scant length
in 2:10. The ring laid 6 to 1 about the
winner.
After having proven a disappointment
on numerous occasions, Hohenlohe at last
escaped from the maiden class just as
everybody played Major Hooker for a
good thing. Three to one was laid against
the brown colt and he beat Hooker out
by over three lengths. Joe Mussle man
aged to take the show. v; : v
The mile purse run proved an easy
thing for Recreation, the crack lilly from
the Burns and Waterhouse string. With
but 91 pounds up, 3 tv 5 looked a liberal
price. O'Connell stayed with her for six
furlongs and then she galloped in, almost
pulled to a walk. Zarro, a 250 to 1
chance, caught the tiring O'Oonnell, lead
ing him out for the place. :v r ,
Four lined up in the mile and a quarter
selling event, with Miller and Blazer's
chestnut horse San Marco ruling a 7 to
10 cnoice. i'iggot sailed away in front
with him and he won all the way, leading
Tulare over the line under wraps. I reach
erv downed Del Paso for the show.
the Corrigan filly, Daisy F, repeated
her handy win of Saturday in the mile
selling run. Second choice to Don Luis
in the betting, she came from behind in
the run home, defeating the favorite with
the utmost ease in 1:42%. Rio Frlo, a 100
to 1 shot, well ridden by a stable boy
named Langford, landed in the show.
An uncertain lot went to the post in the
final mile run, and the betting was ex
tremely nervous, finally resulting in The
Dragon being sent to the post favorite. A
poor start ruined his chances. Thorpe,
astride the old mare Fortuna, led to the
stretch, where Hennessy gradually got
up with Claudius, and driving hard, beat
Stentor out a head.
"POL.YCL.INIC " DAY.
Oakland Track Will Reopen To-D«y
With a Great Card of Run
ning Events
The reopening of Oakland track this after
noon will be celebrated by a benefit tendered,
to the San Francisco Polycllnlc. The cause is
a most worthy one, and as the ladles con
nected with the Folyclinic have labored earn
estly the past few weeks in disposing of
tickets, it is expected that an immense crowd
will be in attendance.
The "regulars" will be augmented by a gath
ering of society, and the California Jockey Club
has endeavored to make the racing card a most
attractive one. In addition to the ordinary
purse and Belling events, a race for gentlemen
riders has been arranged, the crack horseman
and pet of society, Walter liobart. having the
mount on the handicap horse, Joe Vllman. The
Policlinic Handicap, too, should prove a very
fetching- feature, calling out as it does a great
field of starters, among them the Burns Handi
cap winner. Satsuma, and the black "Hindoo"
from Montana. Ostler Joe.
The pick of the riding talent now here, which
will Include "Jester" i'iggott, Charley Thorpe,
Henry Shields, who piloted Satsuma to victory
in the Burns Handicap, Lonnie Clavton, Johnny
Wood*. Mike Ilennessy and Dick Claw-son, will
be on hand, and the knights of the pigskin
have all generously agreed to donate their
earnings in winning and losing mounts to the
fund.
Racing will commence at 2:15 p. m., and
boats will cross the bay every half hour. The
usual admission fee of $1 will be charged, and
on this occasion complimentary badges will
not be honored at the gate.
Starter CaMwell departed for the East last
evening. The veteran sprung the barrier on
five fields and then left for town to catch the
train. Kd Corrigan tried his hand at Bending
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB-lngleslde Track-156th day of the
Winter Meeting. Monday, May 2, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
990. &r
Index. Horses.
and upward; purse.
960 Hohenlohe 3 102 1 4 11 2% 21 11 13 Clawson 8 3
576 Major Hooker, 3... .1041 3 31 4S 3% 2% 23 Thorpe 6-5 7-5
979 Joe Mussle, 4 110 6 2% 3h 42 3% 31 Piggott 6 6
960 Rosa, 3 971 4% 12 11 42 42 Waihright ... 12 20
9fcf. Millbroe, 4 112 2. 63 64 66 610 610 Perry 3 4
_9i9_ Defiant. 3 9»| 5 6 6 6 8 6 [Garlgan _20 76
Time, l:43Vi. Winner. William Boots & Son's br. o, by Imp. Brutus-Brown Maria. Good
Btart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
iwson
orpe
rg<>tt
liflright ...
rry
8
6-5
6
12
3
20
3
7-6
6
20
4
75
rlgan_.
QQ| SECOND RACE — One mile; selling;
purse, $2^o.
Index.
973 Recreation, 3 91 1 lh lh 12 12 11 Woods 3-5 3-5
985 Zarro, 6 11312 32 33 34 36 2 4 G. Wilson.... 60 200
972 OConnpll. a 113 4. 23 26 26 23 31 Perry 3-2 3-2
810 Argentlna,_s ...111| I 4 4 4 4 4 Plggott g 12
Time, l:42\i. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's b. f. by Morello-Picnlo. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
Ison
3-5
60
3-2
8
3-5
200
3-2
12
992.
Index. H
THIRD RACE— One and a quarter
Worses. Weight. lStT"stdl Km. %1
upward; purse, $750.
938 Twlnkler, 3 90 1
(964) Morellito, 3 105} 3
964 Wont Dance. 6... .114] 2
93S Twlnkler, 3 9011 12 12 12 11 2% 11 IClawson 6 6
(964) Morellito, 3 105 [ 3 2h2h3 3 3 2ns Thorpe 8-5 12-5
964 Wont Dance. S 114) 2 3 3 2 _1% 21% lh 3 [Clayton ...... S-6 3-5
Time. 2:10. Winner, William Boots & Son's b. c. by Imp. Brutus- N'abette. Good start.
Won first three driving.
12 12
2h 2 h
3 3
12
3
2 1%
1 1
3
i 21%
2 %
3
i lh
1 1
2 ns
__3
>
OOQ FOURTH RACE— One and a quarter miles; selling; three-year-olds and upward;
OUUt purse, $400.
I nd ex. Horses. Weight. [St. Std. Mm. %m. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockeys. OjT Cl.
983 San Marco, 5 11l 2 11% 1 1 IMi 1% 13 13 IPlggott 3-6 7-10
974 Tulare. 4 110 3 2% 21% 2 2 22 22 22% [Weaver 6 S
9*3 Treachery, 5 106 4 ?2 4 3h 32 S3 31% | Thorpe 8 6
989 Del Paso 11. 6 1111 14 3 % 4 4 4 4 ;Mc Donald ... 4 4
2
I
4
1
pi
2%
? 2 .
. ~ 4 . .
11 1 Mi
21% 2 2
4 3 h
3%■ 4 '
1 %
2 2
3 2
4
1 3
2 2
S 3
4
1 3
2 2%
3 1%
4
lllgKllll
[Weaver
Thorpe
I McDonald . . .
3-5 7-10
6 6
8 6
4 4
Time 2:10%.
ond easily.
Winner, Miller & Blazer's b. m. by Hanover-Deceit.
Won easily.
Sec-
QO4 FIFTH RACE— Oae mile selling; three- year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horses. Weight.
(988) Daisy F 11l
(989) l''>n I<uls 109
976 Hlo- Frio 105
SSS Charles Le Bel 102
!»76 (Kkturuck .10-
908 Mlstleton ..109
5
4
1
6
2
3
£ 6
6 h 4
4 1 6
3 1 3
1 1 1
2 h 'i
6
2 %
■'61
, i 4 h
; Hi
! . 3 h
- :•. 6 - , 2 1 -.. - 11 ;
i 2 % 1 h 2 1
6142 , 3 1
, i 4 h 3 % 4 3
■ 1« 6 1 62
' 3 h 6 ■ 6
2 1 .
1 h
4 2
3 Wt
6 1
6 ■
1 1
2 1
3 1
4 3
6 2
6
Clayton '....
Thorpe .....
Lansrford ..
Woods" .....
McDonald .
Plggott ....
ri' * ' '
...I 6-5 6-2
...I 6-5 8-5
...! 40 100
4-6
... 10 15
6 9-2
d ....
Jd ...
Tlme. 1:42%. Winner, E. Corrigan's
Ily. Second and third driving.
f. by Ri ley-Modesty.
Good start.
Won eas-
QQ^ SIXTH RACE— One mile;
>; purse, $350.
983 Claudius, a 11
955 Stentor. 4 1(
977 Fortunu. a 11
968 Florimel, 4 1(
940 Rapido. a 11
959 The Dragon. 5 11
9S;> Pasha, a 1!
923 Allahabad, a 1(
943 McFarlane, 6 11
977 Terra Archer, 5 ....1<
983 Claudius, a 11112 43 3h 4h ... lh Hennessy .... 7-2 5
955 Stentor. 4 102! 4 3h 4 ',4 34 ... 2 4 McDonald ... 5 5
977 Fortunu, a 1111 1 1 h In 1 ... 3 2 Thorpe 4 7-2
968 Florimel. 4 lor.j C 6 5 5 1 6 2 ... 4 1 IR. Xarvaez.. 30 40
940 Rapido. a 11313 2 2 2 1 2 1 ... 6 1 'Clayton 8 6
95!) The Dragon. 6 10917 8 8 7 3 ... 6 % jPlggott 8-0 6-2"
MS Pasha, a 113 8 5% 6 4 6 2 ... 7 h G. Wilson.... 15 60
923 Allahabad, a 100 6 7 2 7 % 8 ... 8 Bullman 40 100
943 McFarlane. 6 110 • ... ... ... ... ... Burke 20 W>
977 Terra Archer, 5 — 106 • ... ... ... ... ... Frawley j 60 100
! 3
j
4 3
3 h
1 h
-6 5
2 2
8 '
■ 5 '-4
..72;
3h 4 h
4 '4 3 '4
in 1 I,
51 6 2
2 1 .21
8 7 3
6 4, 6 2
•7 M 8
* " *J»
1 h
2 4
3 2
4 1 |
: 61'
6 % i
■ 7 h
, 8 *
essy ....
maid
►c
'arvaez..
on
tt
'ilson
lan
'
ley
•Left.
Time, 1:43. Winner. William Boots & Son 1 * b. h. by Imp. Brutus-Swayback. Poor
•tart. Won first three driving.
THE SAl* FRAKCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1898.
the last bunch away, and barring a lack of
practice did fairly well. . .
Barney Schreiber and his crew will start for
St. Louis on Saturday evening next.
Frank Eckert, the bookmaker, who has been
sojourning in the country for some weeks,
viewed the racing yesterday, looking brown as
a berry and much improved in health.
;; — ♦ *
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Three-quarters of a mile; selling.
903 Bellieoso 114 911 Towando 95
»6T Zamar II 103 960 Rebel Jack 100
t»6fi The Ace 97 966 Bonnie lone .... »•>
Oil Mocorlto 95 910 Moringa 97
808 Knba.tr 112 9SO Miss Rosa 109
898 Masoero 11l
Second Race— Five-eighths of a mils; two
year-olds; selling.
952 AmoltofM?c SSI ... Cleodora »*
961 Bonlbel 98 !(9G4) Modwena 1M
948 Sweet Cakes ...103i
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; eell
910 Merry Boy 107! 967 Olive 109
(9GS)Twinkle Twink.Wol 90S Fort Augustus. .lo3
(962)Ix)destar 107' 934 Caspar 113
823 Devil's Dream. A(* l (•'."> JHermanita Nw
955 Cromwell 114: 923 Velox 10'
Fourth Race— One mile: gentlemen riders.
983 Wawona 15S (9S6)Huiitsman IBS
Mr. Skinner. Mr. Hume.
BS6 Montta 16S 981 Joe Ullman ....104
Mr Boske. Mr. Hobart.
974 Metaire 10S
Mr. Waller.
Fifth Ra.ce— One mile; the Polyclinlc Handi
cap.
<9S3>Thelma 96 1 981 Fonsovannah ..105
973 Sardonic 95 ' (950)Hurly Burly ... 98
MA Ostler Joe 118 : (967)Liena 9«
953 .Mt.lcon 116 : 9hl Morinel 100
(971)BernardlIlo 104 (926^Sateuma 126
9f.3 May W 104!
Sixth Race— Five-eighths of a mile: selling.
Sf.6 Miss Dividend.. 95 892 St. Calatine ••••!*♦
(946)Tempse 95 Sr.fi Melkarth 97
35^ Fannie T 103 907 Quirte *>
480 Stepabout 95 ... Sierra Blanco... 97
(979>Amasa 97 ... De Los Reyes.. 97
(862)8aUcoy 100 966 Lady Ashley ... 9o
917 Castake 97 942 On Gua J«'lta.... 96
927 Judge Napton .. 97
SELECTIONS.
First Rare — Bellicose, Mocorlto, Robalr.
Second Race— Bonlbel, Modwena, Sweet
Cakes.
Third Race— Caspar. Cromwell, Jjodestar.
Fourth Race— Joe Ullman, Wawona, Metaire.
Fifth Race— Bernardino, Rubicon. May "W.
Sixth Race— Stepabout, St. Calatlne, Lady
Ashley.
RACING STEWARDS ACT.
Owner Tom Cooke Ruled Off
Ingleside Track.
The board of stewards of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club met last evening at
the Palace Hotel and took action in the
cases of two horsemen. The suspension
of Jockey Eddie Ames, suspended for a
ride on Montallade some days ago, wad
placed to expire on May 21.
Turn Cooke, owner of Chihuahua and
Break o' Day, was ruled off Ingleside
track under Turf Congress rule lob.
Cooke's troubles date from the time of
his claiming the horse Chihuahua, owned
by Kd Corrigan, from a selling race at
Ingleside on April 26. Cooke started
Break o1o 1 Day in the race. Among the
other starters was imported Mistral,
owned by J. B. Earnshaw. The latter
horseman made a deposition before a
notary public that he was approached by
Cooke and asked to "stand in" on a run
up and they could both make some coin.
Earnshaw would not enter into the prop
osition and Cooke, according to the rul
ing, stands ruled off all Turf Congress
tracks. __^_______— —
EDWAEDS DAVIS
HAS A REPBIEVE.
The Christian Ministers Still Amend
ing Their By-Laws.
The Christian Ministers, in meeting
yesterday, referred the amending of the
by-laws to a special committee consist
ing of W. C. Gardner, F. S. Ford and P.
G. Mclver, who will make their final re-
port next Monday.
The Edwards Davis case was only re
ferred to in a general way. It being un
derstood that no definite action will be
taken to drop his name as a charter mem
ber of the Chrititia.ii Ministers' Associa
tion until the by-laws are in a shape to
sustain the association's action.
The amendment which has been pro
posed, and which is now before the com
mittee, is as follows:
When any. member of this association shall
be charged with unchristian conduct, and the
church with which he is connected fails, for
any cause, to investigate said charges for the
purpose of establishing the Innocence or guilt
of said member, then this association shall
select a committee of three members, of some
congregation other than that of which the ac
cused Is a member. The members of said com
mittee shall proceed to investigate the charges
against the said member, and upon their
recommendation Ills name shall be dropped
from or retained upon our roll of members. ■>
_■ ♦ ■
Reception to Miss Aekerman.
On Thursday afternoon at the parlors
of the Occidental Hotel a reception will
be given to Miss Jessie Aekerman, the
"Around the World Missionary." On
Friday at Calvary Church anotner meet
ing will be held, during which she will
make an address especially for young
people. The church will be decorated with
Hags of all nations.
■ m ■
A Building Association Sued.
Jacob Valentine commenced suit yester
day against the Citizens' Building and
Loan Association to recover $1980, claimed
to be due for money paid into the cor
poration and accrued interest on the capi
tal he invested. Valentine lost his certi
ficate and the company, so he alleges,
now repudiates his claim.
NEW LEAGUE
FAIRLY STARTED
Baseball of the Best Will
Now Be Offered at
Recreation Park.
All Differences Are Dissolved
in a New Board of
Officers.
The Fans May Now Expest Some
Lively Contests— Sunday's
Schedule.
By Joe Corbett.
'rhe first meeting of the consolidated
baseball leagues where anything was
really accomplished was held in Presi
dent Bert's offices last night. The follow
ing officers were permanently elected:
Hon. Eugene F. Bert, president; J. J.
Rawer, vice-president; Theo. F. Bonnet,
treasurer; H. Slivens, secretary; execu
tive committee— F. H. Swanton of Santa
Cruz, D. J. Crowley of Athletics, W. J.
Hennesy of Sacramento, W. J. Weston of
San Jose.
It was decided to call the new league
the Paciiic Coast Baseball League.
The selection of the grounds brought
forth the first burst of eloquence, and for
a while it seemed as if all would end in a
lizzie. After muny heated arguments on
both sides it was linally agreed that all
games should be played at Recreation
Park, it being far the superior at Central
Park as a ball ground. The league now
controls, with the Sixteenth and Folsom
street grounds, the three most desirable
ball parks in town.
The task of preparing a schedule was
referred to J. H. Stapleion, who was
elected "official scorer," the following
schedule being arranged for next Bunoay:
Ban Francisco vs. San Jose, at Sun
Francisco; Gilt Edges vs. Fwinos, at
Sacramento; Stockton vs. Oakland, at
Oakland; Santa Cruz vs. Athletics, at
Santa Cruz.
A bond of $500 is to be exacted from all
clubs, conditioned for carrying out the
schedule on their part during the season.
Representatives of the various clubs of
the league were present, overflowing with
suggestions of every description, and al
together, taking into consideration the
number that had to be reconciled, it was
a glorious ending to a meeting which for
a while seemed as though It must end
in uncertainty. The new league prom
ises some great ball, as much rivalry was
evidenced among the managers regard
ing the respective playing abilities of
their teams. No amount of money is to
be spared in making this new league a
"howling" success, and if ("allfornians
really want to see good baseball the time
has arrived for them to show their ap
preciation of all this new league is do
ing by turning out, not in ones or twos,
but in thousands.
HOW SHARKEY SAYS
HE WILL FIGHT
Go Right at His Man and Fin
ish the Game in Quick
Order.
B«tting Is 1O to 7, With Jeffries
a Very Strong and Active
Favorite.
Tickets for the big fight on Friday
evening are now selling like hot cakes.
Every lover of pugilistic sport who in
tends to witness the contest has applied
lor a go«Kl vantage position, but those
who will apply later for seats need not
fear being shut out, as the director-gen
eral of the Pavilion seating arrangements
has raised each row of seats so the spec
tators on the far end can see every point
of the game.
Of course the people who will have good
opera classes or Held glasses will have
an advantage over other Bpectatora seat
ed a good distance from the ringside.
When Sharkey was asked yesterday
what he thought of the betting, which is
now $10 to $7 with Jeffries on the long
end, he replied that betting will not win
any man a light, and so tar as he was
directly concerned he did nut care a snap
how the gambling went.
"Possibly Jeffries may have a greater
number of betting friends than I." said
Sharkey, "but you can chalk down this
for me: AVlien the fiuht is over my
friends who will play me to win can
safely count upon cashing their checks,
and that's no lie either. Of all men I
have fancied a scrap with Jeffries is the
most acceptable. Ever since the talk of ;i
match between us came up i made up my
mind that lie was just the kind of game
1 could easily capture. VVhy, all those
other fellows ran away irom me, and
because I followed them up and punched
them hard when i got near to them a
howl went up from those who are anxious
to see me licked that 1 was a foul tighter
and should not be given a match.
"What do these squealers want me to
do? Stand in the middle of a ring like a
dummy and wait until the other fellow
comes after me? Why, if 1 had done that
there would have been no fighting at all,
and then the sports would cry fake!
faker!
"It's a wonder that those fellows who
have always crucified me for what they
call foul lighting don't cry foul now be
cause Commodore Dewey of the American
squadron did not wait for the Spanish to
make the attack, but instead he went
right after the game himself and ham
mered the Spaniards out of the ring, i
suppose those kid-gloved sports who take
fits at the sight 01 a drop of blood will
say Commodore Dewey should not be al
lowed to command a fleet because he
fights from the drop of the hat and stands
no nonsense.
"Well, I am going to fight Just like
Dewey. I will not wait for the enemy, but
I will go right at him, hammer and tongs,
and then you will see the fur fly. Jeffries
Is a big, powerful gunboat but I will
throw a broadside into him just as the
gong sounds that will cause something
to drop. You wait and see."
The Oakland sports are very sweet on
Jeffries, and It is said that several large
commissions will be sent across the bay
to-morrow to be placed on Jeffries at any
odds.
A sporting man who Is well known In
Vallejo wrote a letter to a friend in this
city, the purport of which was that the
Vallejo boys will visit San Francisco on
Friday and that they will carry with
them several sacks of coin which will bo
placed on the sailur at any odds. It
would seem, therefore, that on the day of
the fight the betting will doubtless be
pretty even.
The fighters are now in fine shape, and
the spectators will surely get a run for
their money.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
give a first-class entertainment this even
ing at its rooms, :m Sixth street. A
trophy valued at $35 will be given the
winner of the feather-weight champion
ship, and a trophy of less vaJue will be
given to second-best man. The club will
give a special entertainment Wednesday
evening. May 18. and it.« ladies' night will
occur on the evening of May 25.
Deacon Keppel Fined.
Deacon Garret Keppel of Biggs, Butte
Fabulous Wealth.
The "Incalculable mineral wealth" of newly
found mining regions largely run by syndicates
and promoted by transportation companies Is
in too many instances really a fable. The
products of industry in legitimate fields of
enterprise nearer home are far suror and
promise more stable rewards. No one will go
unrewarded in the matter of improved health
who use regularly Hostetter's Stomach Bit
ters for malaria, dyspepsia. constipation,
biliousness, etc
County, was sentenced yesterday by
United States District Judge de Haven to
pay a fine of $230. he having been con
victed by a jury of having sent obscene
matter through 'the mails. There was no
alternative in the sentence.
STTRFMEST WANTED.
The United States Civil Service Com-
mission Will Entertain Ap
plications.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that it is desired to
establish eligible registers from which
selections may be made to fill vacancies
in the position of surfman in the life
saving service along the entire coast of
the United States except in the second,
fourth and sixth districts.
No scholastic test will be given, but ap
plicants will be graded upon their age,
experience and physical condition. Ap
plicants must reside not more than five
miles inland from the shore. No person
shall be examined who has not had at
least three years' experience as surfman,
sailor or boatman; and the term "surf
man" includes not only a person who has
had experience as such in the life saving
service, but al^o persons who have had
experience in handling boats aa surf
fishermen, or as wreckers. This regula
tion will be waived, however, in the case
of students of the Northwest University
at the Evanstnn, 111., station. The com
pensation for these positions is $60 or $65
per month during the active season.
Persons desiring- to become eligible for
these positions should at once apply to
the keeper of their nearest station for
application blanks, which should be prop
erly executed and promptly filed with the
keeper. This examination is oppn to all
reputable citizens of the United States
who may desire to enter the service, and
who comply with the requirements, with
out regard to race or to political or re
ligious affiliations.
A Lecture on Japan.
Next Thursday evening G. "W. Dickie,
manager of the Union Iron Works, will
lecture on "Japan" at the Young Men's
Christian Association Auditorium, Mason
and Ellis streets. The lecture will be il
lustrated by Btereopticon views, many of
them beautifully colored.
A New Mining Company.
Articles of incorporation of the Alaska
Prospecting and Mining Company have
been filed by George Goodman, John Lof
tus, John Faubt-1, Clarence "Whybrow and
Z. O. Fields.
AMUSEMENTS.
SEE THE
' DOCTORS TO-DAY.
The English and German Expert Specialists,
731 Market Street, Have Cured Thou-
sands of the Most Obstinate Cases of
Chronic Diseases, Consumption and De-
formities, and They Can Cure You.
Staff of The English and German Expert
Specialists.
Incorporated under the Laws of California for
$350,000. Established Twenty-five Tears.
CONSULTATION FREE.
Private book and symptom blanks for men
and women free at office or by mall.
Prices and terms within the reach .of all.
Correspondence solicited. All letters confi-
dential.
THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN
EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
731 Market Street, S. JR.
SUPPLIES
j! ** KLONDIKE
j 1 should include
!; BORDEN'S
Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM
,' UNSWEETENED \
(' The high reputation for keeping J)
,1 qulity is already weil estab- (
'l Hshed; hence, no experiment. C
1 ■ MILK CO. >
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Batt&ryr St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
only safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and sec them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1, IS9B.
W~EK DAYS.
For Mill Valloy and San Rafael— 7:oo, »8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a. m.; *1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00,
0:30 r- m.
Kxtra trips for San Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at ll:3o
p. m. ,
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— ll-M, »9:00,
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00, '1:43, »2:30, '4:00,
6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:09 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked * run to Pan Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:QB a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p.m. week days (Sat. ex.)— Tomale3 and
way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way stations.
1:43 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way ata's.
ADVERTISEMENT.
j\ "^end nam e and address on a
Wl^^^ffe^/P®^^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.
ml 1 111 1 |Af^K>^,4'B Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
■ ■ *
,TO EXPLORERS, MINERS AND SPORTSMEN.
The Miner, Explorer or Sportsman wants a general
medicine that will keep in any climate and not be spoiled
by wetting in water, salt or fresh. Such a medicine 13
Ripans Tabules (of the standard sort), put up in boxes of
six vials, each vial securely corked and containing six
Tabules. They cost fifty cents a box or two dollars for
five boxes. May soak a week in water without wetting
the . medicine. Can be had of any druggist, or by mail
from the Ripans Chemical Company, No. 10 Sprue©
Street. New York- • * ____^
BAILBOAI> TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlborwn Parry. Foot mt Market 3«.
bAA MtAMCISOO TO SAN KAFAJBI* ;_; _
: WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. ■ Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m. '
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO PAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— fi:lO. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:10,
5:00, 6:25 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Sehuet*en Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April 23, ■
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, I 6:10 pm 10:25 am
0:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm! 6:22 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. _f 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7730*am| I Hopland and) 110:25 am
3:30 pm|S:oo am] Ukiah. [ 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm * ■ 6:22 pm
7:3o' am 8:00 ami Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
I (and 1
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am!S:00 am) Sebastopol. 110:40 an 10:25 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| i 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvilie. New Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake. Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side. Lierley's. Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullvllle, Boonevllle, Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Brag's, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates.
, On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bide.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
|i imijuiimi iill CALIFORNIA
j^^S^j LIMITED.
RSB SAN FRANCiSCO
i^aaataaa| CH | CAGOi
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but -with-
out extra charge. : ' ■/- .c-x-
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers r 3-4
days to Chicago, 4V£ days to New York.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland office, 1118 Broadway. Sacramento
office. ? 201 . J street. San Jose, 7 West Santa
Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
- From September 10, 1597. trains will run as
follows:
South-bound. j North-bound:
Passen- Mixed ! Mixed I Passen- i
ger ; Sunday Sta- Sunday eer
Pally- Excep'd. tlons. Excep'd. Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
9:10 am 12:50 pm Merced 12:50 m 3:53 m
10:40 am 3:30 pin Fresno m:3O am; 2:20 pm
I 11:40 am 6:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
1 12:15 pm 6:45 pm , Vlsalla . ,6:40 am; 12:4(Vpm
; Stopping at Intermediate points when re-
: quired. - :~ ; • . :■■
L Connections— At Stockton with 'steamboats of
C. X. & I. Co., ■ leaving San Francisco and
; Stockton at 6 p. m. - dally; at Merced with,
i stages to and from Snellings. Coulterville. etc.
1 also with stage for; Homitos.Mariposa. etc. ; |
1 at I-ankershim with stags to and, from Madeira. ;
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
miitukb<l[ rAcirn fOJIPAJIT.
(pacific wrm km. i
frnlii. Irmr -mil in*- tint- l» nrrlT* at
MAX I'KAACI.St'O.
(Main Line, Foot of .Market Street) .
LSATE '—"Fkom April 38, 1593. — amiiti
1 •«.-ooa Nilrs. iv .<.»)•.■ aud Wmf Station*... *»:«a
. 7:OOa Henicia. Suisuu and Sacrauieuto 10:4.1*
7:WUa. V lryfvilie. Orovilleaud Redding vi*
Woodland s:4!>p
7:0«» a Vkcarllle and Rumsey 8:45p
?:3» a. Martina, Saultauiun, Vallejo, Nap*,.
t:alii<togaiuidBaula Rosa 6:1,1p
»:I>Oa Atlantic Kxpresa, Ug.li-n and l'^at.. 8:45p
Mi»ttA Wilts, Sun Jose, .Stockton, lone, |
Kacramento, Marj«v"!le, Chico,
Tehama and lleil l'.lu-7 4il»p
•8:30 a Teters. Milton, Oikdale. (Jamestown
for Voaehiite) »7215f
SiUOa New Orleans lU|>rcgg. Merced, Kres- 'T : «:-
110, liakerslield, BmiU llarliitra,
l.«s Ai>(d». DeminK. 1-1 l'aso,
New (Mcmm aud Bftat 0>4,.1p
1O:OOa Vallrji-, Martinez and Way Station* 7:43p
■l:OOp Sacramento Kin-r Hteamen *»:O«p
■ l:OOr Nii<-». San Jos© aDd Way Stations.. •»:4-'>a
Ban Jose, Nilrs and Way .Stations... ill: I.
2:00r LiTerciore, Mendota, Usuford aud
Vi.alia , 4:13p
LiTiiruiore, San Jose, Kites and Way
Stations 110:13*
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallijo.. 12:13p
4: OOP Martinez, Han lUmon, Vall.jo,
Napa, <'ali.stoga. i;i Verano and
Santa ROM •iIOa
4iOOp Beuicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights I.aii'liii);, Mar>bTille, Oro-
Tllle ami .Sacramento 10:43 a
4::iOp Nik's, San Jose. Tracy and Stockton .. 7s!
4>BOr Stockton, Oakdale. Merced ISiISp
4:»«pO«Btleand Lodi. ....:........ 12:t3r
4:: top Lntluop. Modesto. Merced, Berend»
(Raymond for Yooetnite), Fresno,
Mojavo, Santa liarbara and l.os
A nuelrs 7i4»a
4i:t»p SRiitii I. ISiiutr. Atlantic Klpreu
for Mi.jtiTo ami Kast «:45r
B:OOi- Kurutwiwa Mail. Ojj.len and Kast.... 9:4.54
- «S:»»i> Vallejo 1 8 : 1 -5
«:««»!• l|,iy«Hrtln. Nil.* hii.l Kan .lose 7:43*
J7:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions {»»■*•■>»
8:00p Oregon Kx|>rrss,aacrnnieuto, Marys-
vilie. lU-.!.l!ii . I'ortlaml, Tngek
i S.ih.mlhm.l Kant.... »il»l.
NAN I.KAMmo AMI . lIAVWAICIt.S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
: j 7 7:13*
*:OOa Jlrlrnsp. Seminary Park, CJjif*
io!»Sa Htchbnnr, Klmhint, SiJJst
tll.OO* San l.fHiiiiro. South Sao l*:4»p
112:»OM Leandro, Estmlillo, 11:43p
Lenntlro, Knluiiillo, - }2:1.5p
i':t:V»op I Lorenzo, Cher < 4 **
4:OOP . t3:43p
5.-OOP *■•« 8.-1.5P
5:S«p Hajwards. sjg;
7:««»p - ■ S:4»P
8:«O? 1 R nna through to Nllet. W^ml
ttll:lspj ttf ""^ lleg - ■. mg.OOP
CUAM' IMVIsION (Narrow <ia«Ke).
(Foot of Market Street.) • ■
17:13 a Santa Cruz Kxcureion, Bant« Cnu " ■'
%nd Principal Way Stations • l»«»»»
8: 15a Newark. ten ille. San Jose,Felton,
Boulder Creek, SanU Cruz and Way •
Stations •■••■ 8l50 »
I. lf Newark. Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way _
Stations ,--•• M 2 I 3* A
4:15p San Jose, Glenwood A Way Stations . B:2©*
' 04 : 1 .5 Bouldrr Creek and Santa Crux J»:8«>*
CREEK route FERRY.
froa S»» FRISCISCO— foot of lUrket Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:1)0 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:00 13:00
•1:00 t5:00 *6:00r.M. •
fr»m(l»KUKD— foot »rßro»4w»j.— "<>:oo 8:00 10:00*. M.
tl2:00 '1:00 {2:00 *3:03 11:00 "5:00r.M.
(OAST M VISION (Broad (Jnuge).
(Third m.dTowusend St-i.)
•7:OOa San .l«we ami Way .Stations (New
. Aliiiailen AV'ftlnesdaysonly) l:30p
♦7::iOa Sunday Excursion for S»u Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove and ■
I'riDC'pai Way stations... .*,.... !S:33r
9:00 a Xhii Jim, Ties Tin. is. Hiinta Cruz,
t'abilto Hiova l'aau Kolil. », San
J.nis < >liUi«>. ti:ti»iluiu:>«. Surf anil
rrii.ciiwl Way Hl»ti.»iii 4:l«r
III: Kit San .lose ;uid Way iStutiiHis;. ....... *B:<>oa
I1:3Oa Bos J<>»e ami Way Stations ....... *8:35*
•a:43r.S»ii Mateu, Redwood, Palo AJto, •
Butt* Clara, .Sail .lose. Gilroy,
H.. Ulster. SHiitu Cruz. Saliwas.
Molitciey an.l l':icil';c <!»ove ...... *IO:33l
•ar.tOp San. ami Way Stations »»:OO* .
•1:1 -5:- San .lose an.l Principal Way Stations 9:4.5
•3:O«r San Jose »nd Frinciinl Way SUtions 0:33*
3:: Cot* Sun.li.si' itn-i Principal Way .Stations 3:nt>P
«::{(»!• San Jose mid Wuy Suiii.i,., ." 7tSOp
;}ll:-13r San Joaeinul Way Stations... "7::»Op
Afar .Morning. •■-.-, for Afternoon. '
•Sniii'.Hj-B «-«crrri-i. { Sundays only ■ 1 .Siitnrilßys Onlj
tt Monday. Thursday and .Saturday nights only»
i Sundays and Mondays, g a Satnrdays and Sunday*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
'..-'.' 1 via bausalito erry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencrngr May 1,
1898: -■»...
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 and 5:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:<o ana
2:30 p. m. '
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. , ,•■ .
( THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. 621 Market
street. San Francisco. -
. W. X. HESS, : . .
: WOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOSNE7-AT LAW,
. Tenth i Floor, Koom 'IUIS, V Claus : SpreckeU Bide
• ', Tele t .:...ne Brown 93L .*>
Residence, 821 California street, below Few«U»
- Baa FranclscaGRAND JURY
CANNOT SEE
HIS BOOKS
faontraetor Swift's Ac
. counts Have Dis
appeared.
The Man "Who Supplies
■Lumber for the Schools
. . : .. Testifies.
Says He Sorted Shingles Fur
nished the Department
.[■•■ \ ... by Hand.
TWO HOURS ON THE GRILL
: Positive Ho Delivered Only the Beat
Quality and That Ho Oave
: ". . r ."■ full Measure.
, •■ Edward Swift, son of P. Swift, who has
the lumber contract for the School De
• " partment, was put through the sweating
I process last night. It wasn't a Hammam
bath;- but it was just as effective. He
.. .was"- closeted with the Grand Jury for a
...couple of hours, trying not to tell what
.He knew about short measure fire wood,
•'..'= which he charged as No. 1 lumber. Swift
. transacts most of his father's business,
-' and .consequently was supposed to know
..- •considerable about the frauds in the
.■ /School Department.
• . •'- But while kept under fire for two hours,
Swift managed to keep most of hie
knowledge to himself, and in order to do
. so he had to scramble pretty lively.
Awaiting their turn to be grilled, sev
eral' figures familiar to the public were
■/.. gathered in the waiting room. First there
was Inspector O'Brien— old John
■ '.everybody has read about, but who is
• • remembered particularly because of his
• being Director Ragan's brother-in-law.
•. • Then there were Directors Burns and
. Drucker, Secretary Welch, Contractor P.
• '■■ Swift, and Storekeeper Ryan, all present
• : response to the usual invitation of the
Jury.
■-..-.;. Swift was the first witness called and it
•was .five minutes to 10 o'clock when he
was released from the inquisition cham
:;b£rv"his features bearing no trace of en
■ -jp/yment. If he had passed a pleasant
' time he was careful to conceal it.
:. '■■. \ Some of Mr. Swift's statements were
"..Ingenious, others absurd, and all were
■;,., framed with palpable intention- of cori
cealing the facts from his inquisitors. He
.•was examined at length as to the qual
■' ity of. the lumber and shingles furnished
: " the -School Department, and was conn
■ -dent-all the material was the best qual
■ • ft.y-.
.. ' . it 'was observed that Mr. Swift made no
. . -reference to memoranda of any descrip
. ..tion;- but depended entirely on his mem
;• • •or.y.'.so one of the jurors asked him if
-did not keep a set of books. His reply
. ; ':Was -Ingenious, if not wholly satisfactory
' to .the member of the Grand Jury. Swift
■ /.said he' did keep a set of books, but they
. 'had- become used up, and last February
.(just, about the time the Grand Jury was
'.. -beginning to make matters interesting lor
■ the' department) he got a new set and
■ ' Stored the old books in a paint shop.
.-Some time after, he went to get the'
7 .books, but they had disappeared and he
' haij :.not been able to find any trace of
•them."
[ •':• Finding it was hopeless to endeavor to
. get .'a sight of the books, the jurymen
• :. : began' "to tax Mr. Swift's brain for an
" s.Vy.is- i<> their exceedingly pointed ques
tions. Sometimes this wad of gray mat
• • t.-r. -showed signs of incipient paresis, as,
■for instance, when Swift was asked why
..he. charged $1 90 a thousand for shingles
•vt-h-af could, be bought in open market at
.-".•any- time for $170, when his contract
■called for fancy shingles at that price.
.-;• ' : Swift 's reply was that the department
' /demanded a special quality of shingles,
, six" inches or more in width, and in order
"to tain them he had to open the
'".bunches as he bought them and select
those that would pass inspection. Mr.
■ Swift must have sorted his shingles in the
.dark, for the members of the Grand Jury
and--thelr experts who inspected the
school buildings last week that have been
' . repaired recently, found many and many
shingles three and four inches wide.
. ' Swift waa positive that all his lumber
was of the best quality and that he de
slivered every foot he charged for. As his
■."books have vanished the Grand Jury can
..take his word for that or not as they see
.fit; the planks in the school yards speak
■ for the-mselves as to quality.
■' After Mr. Swift had been allowed to
escape. Storekeeper Ryan was sum
moned. He told bow he checked up all
• tha supplies for the department and was
' sure everything was straight In the lum
ber furnished. The jury adjourned fur
ther bearing of the school scandal to next
Monday night while Ryan was still on
: •the carpet. _____________
SUSPICIOUS DEATH.
A Young Married Woman Dies of
• ' . Blood Poisoning and an Inquest
'■■" • Will Be Necessary.
•.-The death of Mrs. Lottie M. Johnson,
' of 2554 Greenwich street, was reported to
the ' Coroner yesterday by the Board of
• Health, it being suspected that the wor
n• an's death was the result of an unlawful
■ operation. The undertaker had embalmed
the body,' so that if the woman had died
• of-pols.on it would have been difficult to
"establish that fact by a post mortem or
'.a. chemical examination.
. • It was round, however; by Autopsy Sur
, gfoix- Gallagher, that the cause of death
.was septicemia, Mrs. Johnson gave birth
.to; t.wins about six months ago. She was
only "21. years old.
'..-An inquest will bo held.
;■' : •• . Off for a Tour.
■.T>y:. Frederick Humphreys, president of
Humphreys* Medicine Company of New
.York, ".and party are making: an extended
tour' on the Pacific Coast. The party left
in- the L/Ucania, and will visit all the prin
cipal points of interest in New Orleans,
Ogdeh. /Los Angeles, Colorado, Denver,
San . Francisco and many other cities.
•From' this coast the gathering will pro
<>••>! to. New York. Those in the party
! are: • Dr. and Mrs. Frederick Humphreys,
■the* Misses Hayden, J. F. Hanson, Rev.
:Dr. D. .Parker Morgan of the Church of
-.the' .Heavenly Rest, New York, and Mrs.
Morgan; Canon J. Harris Knowles of St. :
. Chrysostom's. one of the chapels of Trin- '
•>:.;< 'hun-h. New York; the Misses Hard
ihg o,£ New York. Frank P. Parson and j
Mi.?sSanfbrd of Brooklyn and Miss Jayta ;
Mumplireys and Frederick Humphreys of j
New. York, the latter two being, grand-:
chihlren. of Dr. and Mrs. Humphreys.
:. : .-i• .• '— : »♦ ■
.. ' -Mismated Married Couples.
-..-Judge Sf-awell has granted Rosa A.
Mf-rkel a divorce from George Merkel on
•the. ground of failure to provide.
'.••'>i(?e "Ruef has been ordered to pay
month alimony to his wife, Emma
Huff.- pending the trial of a divorce suit
. : '.■>• brought by him.
Judge Bordon has granted Theresa
;;. divorce from George B. Stone on
"tho. ground of failure to provide.
.Damaged by an Explosion.
.•■The San Francisco and San Joaqatnj
Ccal -Company has been sued for $10,000
by Barney Short, a laborer, em
ployed in the company's mine at Testa
Aiamcda County. Short allrpes in his
complaint that he was injured by an
uxp'lpsion in the mine on March 26 last,
and "that the explosion was due to lm-
W»»-fpnt ventilation.
HISTORIC UNION HALL DESTROYED.
HISTORICAL Union Hall is in ruins.
Fire broke out in the big building
on Howard street, between Third
and Fourth, about 11 o'clock last
night and despite the efforts of the entire
department the flumes licked up every
particle of inflammable mate-rial before
they could be subdued. Part of the walls
fell In, but with the exception of the
cornice the front remains standing,
though in a tottering condition.
That no lives were lost is almost a
miracle, but as it was several iiremen had
narrower escapes than they care to ex
perience again, and two or three sus
tai;it-d slight injuries.
Adjoining the hall on the east is a one
story building occupied in part by Tres
paille & Hiett as a saloon, the other part
being used as a horse and carriage re
pository- The contents were badly dam
aged by water, and a portion of the roof
was crushed by part of the wall of Union
Hall crushing down upon It. Beside this
building is the St. David's lodging hous-;,
the rear of which was badly scorched,
fcut not severely damaged.
Union Hall was one of the historic build
ings of San Francisco. Old-timers last
light did not agree as to the date of its
jonstructlon, but it was reared during the
var times in 1863 or IS<l4. In that day and
reneration it became a famous hall, where
he select and exclusive of San Francisco
rave the swellest of swell dancing func
ions. Among the noted balls given there
was one under the patronage of San
Francisco society ladles to raise funds for
he Centennial Exhibition at Philadelphia
in l^l>). The ball w.-ls held when bonds
to aid the then forthcoming exposition
were disposable as a guarantee fund.
Each ticket to the ball was Jlti, which
entitled the holder to a $10 centennial
bond. The fund, however, was never
used by the promoters of the exposition,
;ts the Government came to the rescue.
The money derived from the issue of
the bonds was placed in a San Francisco
sank, and each holder of a bond received
tils $10 on presenting his bond to the
imnk. Many ether celebrated balls were
jiven in Union Hall.
In 1875 the Democratic State Convention,
which nominated William Irwin for Gov
ernor, was held in Union Hall.
The great indignation muss meeting to
protest against the articles of Messrs.
?itch, Pickering and Simonton in the col
jmns of The Call and Bulletin at the time
>f W. C. Ralston's death and the suspen
sion of the Bank of California was held
n Union Hall.
I. S. Kalloch and Denis Kearney ad
lressed vast audiences of workingmen
PLEASING PLAY
AT THE COLUMBIA
Miss Knott Scores a Hit With
Mantell in "The Secret
Warrant."
"Texas Steer" at the California — The
Tlvoli's "Wang" Revived — The
Other Theaters.
After months and months of nothing but
farce and vaudeville it is a pleasant task
to chronicle the performance of a legiti
mate play, cleanly written and sym
pathetically acted by a well-balanced
little company. The play is "The Secret
Warrant," written by W. A. Tremayne,
a Montreal journalist, and presented at
the Columbia last night by Robert Man
tell. It is a romance, a modest little ro
mance of no striking originality of situa
tion and climax, but bright and graceful
in its dialogue and of delicate atmos
pheric charm. The scenes are in France
in the time when Philippe, Due D'Orleans,
was regent and blank lettres de cachet
were given to the royal mistress that .she
might supply the victim's name at her
pleasure and send him to the Bastille.
The story of the play has been told in
an earlier issue. The fury of the woman
scorned, the simple, unaffected love of
a simple girl of the middle classes and
the daredevil grit, easy conscience and
(finally) triumphant virtue of the soldier
of fortune hero, are made very picturesque
and very entertaining by both author and
company.
Mr. Mantell, an actor of elaborate ad
dress and somewhat old-fashioned stage
manners, is well litted in the part of the
hero; Miss Marie Booth Russell is largely
h;ti"!some and very effective as the royal
mistress; Miss Marion P. Clifton does an
admirable bit of stout comic character
as the heroine's aunt, and Miss Roselle
Knott is wholly unaffected, magnetic and
delightful as the heroine. The company
is quite good all the way through, the
only notable unevenness being in favor
of Miss Knott, who seems to possess
many <~>f the elements that go to make a
remarkable actress.
A Good Texas Steer.
It Is a good "Texas Steer" that Maurice
Freeman gives at the California, ' and in
his hjittds, and in those of the capable
company which supports him, the charac
teristically American political caricature
farce-comedy becomes invested with all
the charm of a new production. The role
of the politician who brands all the ; fat
mavericks in J the \ shape of emoluments
coming ■■ within the radius of his grasp
offers much - temptation to overact, but
Mr. Freeman steered clear of this rock
N
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1893.
Before the Engines Gained Control.
and sand-lotters in this hall during the
period of the Kearney agitation. Later
on the hall was rented for wrestling tour
naments, a skating rink and finally for a
variety theater.
The ba-sement of the building was orig
inally used as a car station of the Omni
bus Railroad Company.
Of late years the place has become run
down, and since Morosco moved to the
Grand Opera House it has been little
used. Of late, however, Lybeck has used
the upper portion for a skating rink and
dances, while the lower portion was used
to store bob-tall cars, a number of which
were destroyed in the lire.
It was a picturesque scene during the
passing of the old place, and many hair
breadth escapes occurred. Soon many
streams were playing on all portions of
the building. The men from engine 17
were lighting the blaze from the roof of
a shed next door, in which is the office of
the Occidental Horse Exchange. When
i\->- lire was at its height the roof col
lapsed, with all on top, and but for an act
Of Providence many would have been
killed. Foreman Dougherty managed to
craw] to the edge and then down a ladder
to safety, after his men had gone before
him. The only injury reported was a
slight stniin of the right foot receive: 1 by
Hoseman Callan, although it was ru
mored that Arthur Samuels had jumped
from the roof at the time he neard the
timbers cracking, receiving a fracture of
the thigh.
The cause of the fire has not been deter
mined, but it is supposed the blaze start
ed in Lybeck's skating rink. The property
is owned by the Market-street Railway-
Company.
Treppuille <Sr Heitt, who keep the How
ard saloon next door, were slight losers
through water, as were those adjoining.
The St. David's House also received a
drenching, but the heaviest losers outsido
of the owners of the building where the
lire originated are 'A. F. Rooker and A
F. Lang of the Occidental Horse Ex
change.
A noticeable feature of the fire was the
fact that the old flagstaff, which lias
stood for many years, was first ignited
on top, and the fire gradually crept down
where it took a firm hold at the base
and finally it fell with a crash in t"h^
raging furnace. Portions of the cornice
dropped from time to time, and all who
fought the blaze realized that the danger
was considerable.
Electric wires burned out in many
places, and a stream of fire ran along
one wire from the burning building to the
house across the alleyway leading to the
stables in the rear. All the horses and
bufgies were saved after hard work, but
the old horse cars were completely de
stroyed.
and gave a consistent characterization of
the role.
The honors of the performance belong
to Ratio Putnam, the "Bossy Grander"
Of the farce, Charles H. Stevens as
•Brassy Gall", and Will Bray, the- "Min
ister to Dahomey."
The three Texans who co«t><- * o Wash
ington to investigate the political conduct
of their representative kept the house in
a ripple of merriment, which increased to
shouts of laughter in the dinner scene.
The audience was appreciative and good
humored last night, which speaks well
for the play and the company, consider
ing that the -attendance was not com
mensurate with the merits of ' the per
formance. ■•:•. -i-Viy-
The company is evenly balanced, and
the absence of boisterous horse-play is
as refreshing as a breeze from Manila
ihe performance will be continued dur
ing the remainder of the week.
Lettie le Vjne at Morosco's.
Miss Lettie le Vyne, the singing sou
brette, captured her audience last night
at Morosco's in "Hearts of New York."
.Lettie has a plump little figure, and the
role, by obliging her to wear a short
skirt during the first part of the play,
enables her to charm the eye with the
spectacle of a pair or plump and well
shaped legs that are all her own beyond
any doubt. She is well supported by
Harry Malnhall and Charles Stevens as
Tom Milburu" and "Leonard Knight
leigh, respectively. Lorena Atwood
played the role of "Jane ' Milburn" ac
ceptably, although it is not a part af
fording -opportunities for showy work.
The play is well staged and abounds in
thrilling and picturesque situations. Miss
le Vyne sings sweetly, without affecta
tion, and has the good sense not to at
ternnt to force her voice. She has made
herself a favorite and possesses the Qual
ities that will keep her such.
Hearts of New York" wil' run the re
mainder of the week. , t
Tivoli.
"Wang" is one of the cleverest comic
productions ever put on at the Tivoli.
Edwin Stevens, as the Regent, does a
famous sketch in elaborate comicality '
Learjvis funny as the | elephant keeper'
rr'.^'ii 1 n Carrlc L RoI a ■as tne Widow
5?"!? " aII -as the -■' Prince and : "Bob 1 '
Mitchell as the principal Gambodian the
revival is an altogether stronger produc
tion than _ the one that - opened the sea
son. . If the public wants . first-rate fun
of the musical farce order it is to be
found at the Tivoli this . week. 'Quite a
large audience was In ' attendance last
Orpheum.
In addition to the living pictures, which
are now running; quite smoothly, the
Orpheum offers the | popular | John W.
Ransome . in new \ character . [ impersona
tions, including one of General Kitzhugh
Lee and one of Mark Hanna. Bogart and
Brady, the musical comedians, are new
and so are Hayes and Brady, who :do a
novel dancing act. \ '
Baldwin. \
Ferris Hartman and his excellent little
company will ■ continue in "The : Purser"
all r of this week. The famous pantomime
The damage is estimated at $15,000, with
no insurance. The proprietors of the
skating rink arc Insured for the loss on
skates and other property. The crowds
which had been enjoying themselves in
the rink during the evening had been gone
but a comparatively short time whevi the
flames broke out, and it is supposed the
tire hud been smoldering for some time
before the alarm was turned in.
The firemen had not been working on
Tehama street in the rear of the building
more than fifteen minutes when the up
per portion of the wall, consisting of tons
of brick, mortar and the woodwork of
the cornice, fell to the ground. The wall
was unsafe for Borne minutes before it
fell, so the firemen had been careful
about venturing immediately in the rc;<r,
the streams being thrown from the sides.
But just before the accident J. H. Ho
gan, foreman of engine 6, started
through the alley to the west side of the
building, and this nearly cost him his life.
He had reached about the middle of the
building when the men who were watch
ing his movements saw the wall tremble
and warned him of his danger. He re
treated toward Third street and barely
got out of the way of the wall, being
thrown to the groin, d by the rush of the
wind caused by the falling debris."
Fully half an hour before the alarm was
turned in the people of the Occidental
Horse Exchange, directly behind the
burning building, saw the names and be
gan to rescue the seventy odd- -horses
which they took out through Clementina
street. Gus Palace and Jt. O. West were
in the rear of the building soon after the
lire was Been and broke open a door and
went through the lower floor. They say
that there was no fire there at all, and
the only flames they saw were in the
back part of the second story.
The New St. David's House, 715 Howard
street, had a very narrow escape and
Assistant Chief Engineer Wills deserves
credit for the work done by him and his
men in preventing the flames spreading
to the lodging house. A stream with
three lines of hose from engines 10 9 and
b was kept turned on the west wall of
the building until all danger of its taking
fire was passed. There were nearly 2W
lodgers in the house when roomers on the
west side of the building gave the alarm
that the place was on fire. Christopher
Zimmer. the manager of the lodginvr
house, immediately went through the
halls notifying the people that there was
a lire, and little time was lost by t c
lodgers in making the'.r exit. The NVw
St. David's House is owned by the Fih
estate and leased by Jacob Herges The
loss la principally from water which was
poured into the windows, though the
walls are badly scorched B tne
Fire Marshal Towe will make a thor
ough investigation into the cause of the
PrVtt 4^ Jlar M orln> fo "^'s, assisted by
Fritz Scheel and an orchestra of forty
Alcazar.
"Tho Gay Parisians" drew another hi*
audience to the Alcazar last night This
clever farce has scored a success "that a
likely to pile up a run of three weeks.
Chutes.
"The living pictures are making a bis
hit out at the Chutes. S
■'■m ■ - .
. WELL-TRAINED ANIMALS.
A. Splendid Performance Given Last
Evening by Norris Bros. Pony
and Dog Show.
That the intelligence of an animal can
be cultivated to a high degree of under
standing and action was illustrated in a
most- remarkable manner last evening at
the initial pony and dog performSce^n
der the management of Norrls Brothers
hi entral r. Park> where exhibitions^'
be given afternoon and evening for two
weeks. During the afternoon the animals
were. paraded through the streets and the
number and beauty of the horses and
dogs tend to = prove that the' engagement
here. will be a success. Many tricks new
and startling, are introduced by the man
agement." . -. ; "*;.:..
Tight rope walking by monkeys, dogs
and goats; jumping rope, bareback rid
ing, and in fact everything but talking i*
accomplished by the well-trained Si
The performance opens with a grand i mi '
itary drill, which is followed in quick sue
cession by novel and unexpected move-
The-revolving pyramids are well worth
see ng, as the greater portion oTth™ ani
mals are fittingly, grouped. The bareback
riding „ by monkey Jim ' Robinson~il an-
i C J , exam P le of ; thoroughly trained ani
mals, but when a dog and a monkey both
take a flying leap into a net from the
highest portion of the tent the audience
expectantly hold their . breath auulence
The ; performance is one calculated W
Please - both; young and old alike and
taken : from * all : standpoints is without
doubt superior, to any other combination
of the kind. heretofore presented to a 4«"
Francisco. audience. ° to a San .
A New Fire Fighter.
a now ' ana improved ! water tower has
Just been completed at the corporation
yard under the direction of the master
I mechanic of the Fire Department As the
invention ; is a purely local one much in
tereut is felt in it by the attached of the
department. :It will be given - ,i i
■Wednesday, afternoon at 2 o'clock on RnJ
street, between Kearny and Dupont.
The Woodbridge Canal.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow has
refused to confirm the sale of the prop
erty of the Woodbridg-e Canal and Irri
gating Company. The matter will be
taken up in a few days.
JORDAN WANTS
A NEW NATION
Palo Alto's President
Pleads for an Inde-
pendent Spirit.
With All the Elements of Great
ness There Is No Need
of Imitation.
Suecesslul Opening of the Annual
Women's Congress — Interest
ing Papers.
There are twice as l.any men as
there are women on the programme of
the Woman's Congress, but for every
man in the audience there are twenty
five women.
It's an audience of thinkers instead
of dreamers. The enthusiasts of the
first Woman's Congress five years ago,
by their strong individuality and the
frank expression of their hopes and
fears, made those off the stage more
interesting as a study of women-na
ture than those upon it. These have
given place to women of a different
type.
The congress opened yesterday aft
ernoon, Mrs. John F. Swift, the presi
dent, tailing it to order at 2:30. After
a prayer by Rev. Mr. Moreland Rev. Dr.
Cook of Trinity Church delivered the
opening address fur the president. He
was followed oy Rabbi Nieto, who
closed a short talk with a very pretty
compliment to the congress, declaring
that the causes which have been most
worthy, the accomplishments which
have been most successful, have been
those for which women have made
themselves responsible.
The audience applauded vigorously
when it was announced that David
Starr Jordan had agreed to take Dr.
Ross' place on the programme. But
they applauded quite as vigorously
when this announcement was followed
by another to the effect that Dr. Ross,
having recovered from his indisposition,
would address the congress on "Social
Values in Democracy."
"Social Life," said Dr. Ross, "ranks
third or fourth in Importance to men; it
runks second or third to women. To be
fit for society you must bring' to it some
qualification or rather a compound of
qualifications of birth, breeding, brains,
wealth and accomplishments. Other
wise you are a parasite, and people ex
pect to derive pleasure — both to give
enjoyment and to enjoy. We do not
Choose our friends because of their fine
qualities; we discover these qualities
after they have become our friends.
This is not the basis of social life. Just
what the test, the challenge, the pass
word is that open the gates of society
depends upon its grade. And there
President Jordan of Stanford.
must be gradation. Those who believe
that in a democracy there must be per
fect social equality are dreaming of
Utopia. In an aristocracy, particular
ly in a country which has suffered con
quest, the test of birth is always first.
This — even though opposed to that in
dividualism which must be recognized
— better than mammon worship,
which leads to extravagance, vulgar os
tentation, embezzlement. Dollarocracy
is the dry rot of social life. It is de
basing, demoralizing. It is degener
acy." '■• ' '
A short address by Miss Ackerman,
who used as her text Frances Willard's
happy expression about woman's hav
ing discovered herself— the greatest dis
covery., of . the , nineteenth century
closed the afternoon's session.
-. .Although the gathering at the evening
session was not as large as in the after
noon, those who attended were Just as
appreciative. .The playing of the "Star
spangled Banner" was a fitting opening
for the patriotic utterances of President
Jordan of Stanford. Before that able
and well-known speaker was Introduced,
Mrs. - Beck-Meyer of Oakland grave a
thirty minutes', talk on "The Teacher in
Society." She gave an entertaining his
tory of the life of the Danish ■ teacher
and farmer and closed- her remarks with
a poem. Although she took the place of
Miss Mollie E. Connors, who was pro
grammed to speak on "Money. Measures
and Men." the speaker mowed a thor
ough knowledge of her; subject.
President Jordan, after lightly touching
on the subject of "Anglomania, Its Cause,
Its Justification and Its Cure," then gave
a brilliant dissertation < on the present
conflict between - this country, and j Spain,
using as a text the well-known and oft
mioted poem of Rudyard Kipling, "Lest
"We Forget." v - v
Speaking to the former subject, he
ridiculed the ' anglomaniacs who believed
it proper to turn up their trousers when
it rained in London, dock their horses'
tails, wear. eye-glasses to give them the
stony.' glare of the inhabitants:. across! the
water and who talked as if they had fog
in- their throats." These ar«» anglomaniacs
who are Americans but try to be. Eng-'
1 sh. The justification" is the greatness of
England; the cure of it is a thimbleful of
trains, for one. possessed of that import
ant commodity would not use the words
and actions of others and pass them off
as his own. : .
; Professor Jordan-then devoted the rest
of his time to the necessity of the Amer
can ■ people making «■: their - house ■ their
castle, being quick to avenge and strong
to bluff, ready to cast aside ' the checks
and balances of our constitution, con
stant to act : as England as one for the '
will of the \ people. "We have ;. the men, j
the purpose, the: opportunity,; and we '
must be what England Is." |
Dick Williams Appeals.
Richard S. Williams, the ex-Chinese in
spector, convicted of extorting money
from Chinese Immigrants, haw given
notice, that he will appeal the case, and
has been released on a bond of $3000.
The Dr. Slocum System at Last
Presents to Mankind a Perfect
and Positive Cure for This Foe
of Health.
CONQUERING THE CURSE OF
CENTURIES.
By Special Arrangement Three Free Bot-
tles of the Dr. Slocum System to All
Readers of " The San Francisco Call."
Science and
consumption have been battling for ages,
and now the glad tidings are being car-
ried around the world by the army of
the saved, that at last science is tri-
umphant, at last consumption has been
overcome and vanquished.
For many
weary years men of science have delved
in a desert of despair, seeking some
means with which to lay low the despoil-
er of human lives, tho wrecker of peace-
ful homes, the grim guardian of the
graveyard — consumption. Now the time
is at hand when all should know that
the terror of consumption is a thing of
the past; that the fatality of the disease
is absolutely unnecessary; that the
means to exterminate it from this glori-
ous world of ours is within the reach
of all, and is an, assured fact.
This annihilation of
consumption, this conqueror of bron-
chitis, asthma, catarrh and all other
complaints of lungs and throat, is named
after its celebrated discoverer, the Doc-
tor Slocum System of Treatment, and
cures by the simplest, the most natural
and yet the most forceful manner, by at
once removing the cause.
You cannot
expect, when a building: is on fire, to
put out all the flames by pouring water
on a portion of them: neither can you
ever expect to conquer consumption by
stupefying the cough and allowing the
deadly germs to continue in their wicked
work.
The Doctor Slocum
System is not in any sense a half-way
worker. It at once attacks the germs |
and drives them, not only out of the
lungs, but out of the entire system. At
t!i" same time, it gradually masters the
cough, until at length it disappears.
Meanwhile
it has been adding vigor and tone and
strength to the blood, until, to the merry
music of returning health, it leaps and
bounds Joyfully through the veins, send-
ing the bright, rich, rosy flush of youth
to the cheeks, till the nerves tingle with
strength, the step becomes elastic, and
the head is held proudly erect, with the
full sense of rejuvenation and recreation.
Why you
fairly thirst for air after you have been
under the Doctor Slocum System for a
little while. Where before you were un-
able to take even the slightest strain on
your lungs in breathing, you find, after
a little bit, that your lungs, once so
poor and tired, greedily take in copious
draughts of air, and away down in the
lower parts, which had been worse than
useless for so long, this pure, heaven-
sent air penetrates and sends the blood
bounding away with the glad tidings of
perfect health, til! you feel, no matter
how great the obstacle, you are ready
and able to cope with it.
I A GENEROUS OFFER
: TO EVERY READER OF "THE SAN FRANCISCO |
CALL" THREE FREE BOTTLES UPON
APPLICATION.
|> EDITORIAL NOTE— Medicine reduced to an exact science by the world's %
*> most famous physician. All readers of The Call anxious regarding the 4
!> health of themselves, children, relatives or friends may have three free <^
b bottles of the Dr. Slocum System, as represented in the above illustration, <>>
$> with complete directions, pamphlets, testimonials, etc.. by sending full ad- <^
? dress to the Dr. Slocum Laboratory. Slocum Building, 98 Pine street. New <?>
York City. This is a plain, honest, straightforward offer, and is made to in- <&
f y troduce the Merits of the New System of Treatment, and should be accepted f
t at once. When writing the Doctor please mention The San Francisco Call.
The Doctor
Slocum System is the result of years, of
patient research and study. It is the
crystallization, into a complete and sim-
ple system of treatment, of the discover-
ies of Koch, Virchow and Metchnikoff.
It Isras
its name implies, a comprehensive and
complete system of treatment, which at-
tacks every vulnerable point of tho dis-
ease and completely vanquishes it. It
leaves no point unguarded; it leaves no
pnase of the trouble neglected; it cures,
and cures forever, by absolutely obliter-
ating the cause, and with the cause re-
moved, the disease must necessarily dis-
appear.
lii all the
annals of scientific discoveries the Doc-
tor Slocum System must be accorded first
place, for it overcomes an obstacle which
has been the menace of creation for
countless centuries. It removes from life
one of its greatest dangers and one of its
gravest disasters. It makes life better
worth the living, and robs Death of one
of his ablest lieutenants.
Glorious and
grand as the news is, the best part of It
is now to come.
By special
arrangement with the Doctor all readers
of The Call and any of their friends may
have three full bottles of this wonderful
discovery by sending their names and full
addresses to the Doctor Slocum Labora-
tory. Slocum Building, OS Pine Street,
New York.
This is a
magnanimous — yes, philanthropic — offer,
and is open to every reader of The Call
or to any of their friends, and the only
obligation on the part of any one taking
advantage of this opportunity is that ho
use the Doctor Slocum System for the
alleviation of tniman suffering and tho
curing of the dread disease— consumption.
Remember, the Doctor
Slocum System has proven by the most
difficult tests to which it could be sub-
jected that it is beyond the possible
shadow of a doubt the absolute conqueror
of consumption, catarrh, bronchitis, asth-
ma and all other throat and lung diseases,
and all that it will be necessary for you
to do, will be to faithfully follow the di-
rections and allow this splendid system
to work out its own perfect and certain
cure.
Spread the
glad tidings if you are not a sufferer, that
all the world may know and participate
in this generous offer, for, remember, the
time free bottles are available to all Call
readers and their friends, who have only
to send their names and addresses to Dr. •
T. A. Slocum, !>8 Pine Street. New York
City, and of whom it is expected that
they will use the great discovery to help
eradicate from the face of the earth that
bane of human life — consumption and its
kindred evils.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat and Barley decline*.
Oats weaker.
Corn and Rye unchanged.
New Alfalfa Hay arrived.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
White Beans continue to rise.
New Potatoes firmer and new Onions weaker.
Butter and Eggs easy.
Poultry nominal.
Strawberries lower. »
Oranges lower and Limes stronger.
Another advance in Prunes.
Evaporated Apples doing better.
Lard very firm.
Meat market unchanged.
Lumber in overeupply.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
' Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Steller re
ports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
wharf May 1 as follows, in tons:
Wheat— Pt. Costa. Stockton. City.
Anril 1 25,5*5 :>..!'41 2,4*7
May 1. .'.':'..... 23.032 19,520 3,025
Aprtr'lf.T. 9.435 3.400 4.509
May i:::::::..... £«* s.u? 5.532
Oats. Corn. Bran.
April 1 2.745 721 256
May 1 3,400 852 618
The receipts in April were 7167 tons Barley,
3741 do Oats, 946 do Corn and 1638 do Bran, t
DISCOUNTING PEACE.
The "Wall-street circular of Caxley, Stokes &
Co. says of the New York market:
For several weeks past we have been dis
counting war; from this day forward we will
discount peace. By this we mean that the
general tendency of prices will be upward. Of
course in the event of some special disaster
for a moment the market would decline, but
such disaster can only come in any important
degree from a large naval battle.
When we say the market will now. proceed
to discount a settlement of our troubles with
Spain, we do not mean that it will have its
entire advance in the immediate future, but
we do mean that the war scare has gone out
of the security markets. No reaction here
after will take place, except one of a tempo
rary character when the small traders happen
to be overloaded and some false rumor or tem
porary disaster Is made known.
THE LUMBER TRADE.
Pacific Coast Wood and Iron says:
"Despite the war news, the drought and the
dv!! times, the millmen continue to cut lumber
and send it into San Francisco and the south.
Prices are down and will continue so for the
present. The fact is, there is too much lum
ber made. One order for BOO.OQO feet, special
sizes, to be used in flumes, was placed with a
Humboldt mill and cutting on it will be com
menced at once. Steamers are being withdrawn
from the Alaskan routes and will soon be back
Jn the lumber carrying trade, so a large influx
of shingles may soon be expected, as there are
many millions awaiting shipment. On the
whole, there is a better feeling among: the
miilmen and hopes are entertained of a better
state of affairs.
"The Spanish-American war is havine its
influence upon Eastern trade circles and the
lumber industry is somewhat affected. There
are divers opinions prevalent regarding the
ultimate effect of the conflict, but the general
feeling is confident. In fact, fear of a crisis 13
fceM by but few, and even the more conserva
tive hold that the prices will advance after a
little slump, which may occur early in the
season. A tendency to wait is seen throughout
the East and Middle West, but this is only
temporary.
"Unlike on this Coast, the crop prospects on
the othor bI ntJnent are very prom
ising and prices are Bteady and remunerative.
The Atlantic Bhippins fates :u-p naturally high,
owing to the war risks, and vessrls sail with
cargoes Quoted at risk of purchasers. Rnil
will tnke precedence over sea shipments, an*l
an advance of prices will necessarily follow
this important alteration.
"A resume of the entir° lumber industry in
the United States finds but little change, unless
for the hotter, and the war scare will soon be
over. Every victory of our forces tends to
force conditions to a normal basis with every
prtispect of continuation throughout the year."
EXPLANATION.
The arrow files with the wind, rhe top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath it. if any. tii»
•mount of rainfall or of melted snow In inches
and humirpdUis during the ajt twelve hours.
Isobars, i.r solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
flrft appear on the Washington ->oast. When
the pressure !s high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
r.. table. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling; to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. Th«
reverse of these conditions will pro£uc» ma
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANTIPro. May 2. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures are le
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 50
Fresno 72
Independence .' 60
Red Bluff S4
San Luis Obispo ..66
San Diego.. ...60
Sacramento •. . 74
Los Angeles..... ■. 62
Yuma 76
San • Francisco temperature: Mexlmum, 56;
minimum, 4S; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECASTS.
An area of low pressure overlies Nevada,
Arizona and Kastern California. An area <•(
high pressure covers Montana, Wyoming and
the Dakota*.
The temperature has risen rapidly over East
ern California and Nevada. From Sacramento
northward in the interior of the State the tem
peratures are above the normal from 3 to 9
degrees.
Rain has fallen in Utah and Nevada.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Baker City, 26 miles per hour fron
the northwest: Idaho Falls, 36 north; Winne
mucca, 26 northwest.
fnw is falling in Wyoming.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 3. 1898:
Northi-rn California — Fair Tuesday, with fog
along the roast.; northerly winds Inland, west
erly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; west
erly winds.
Nevada- -Cloudy Tuesday.
T'tah — Rain early Tuesday morning; cloudy
Tuesday; warmer north.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; warmer west.
San Francisco ami vicinity — Cloudy Tuesday,
• with fog in the mornintr; fresh westerly wind.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais, taken
a.t S p. m.— Clear; wind west, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 59; maximum, 62.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NTTW YORK. May 2.— Wall street saw a day
of speculative acti\»ity and furor whlrh lias
not be*n equaled before this year. There were
many varying phases in the events of the flay.
The upward surgre of prices at the opening
wan met by enormous offerings to realize which
oauMd a loss o£ from a third to * hair from
the opening grain. The upward movement was
then renewed and there were occasional periods
of hesitancy afterward, but no serious re
action. The market closed in another burst
of animation and very buoyant in tone, with
prices, except for a few stocks, at the top
level. When the market opened the influential
bull operators who bought stocks last week in
anticipation of a United States victory in the
Philippines stood ready to take their profits.
Evidently the operations of this coterie had
been largest In Sugar, St. Paul and Burling
ton. They were aware that the news of com
modore Dewey's victory had brought large or
ders to the commission houses to buy stocks,
and they met the outside demand by bidding
up the prices at the opening as far as lay in
their power. They succeeded in effectine a
jump of 6% In Sugar and about four points in
Burlington and St. Paul. Their heavy selling
to realize in these stocks caused a reaction all
through the market. The accounts of the bat
tle in Manila left it a question whether the
United States vessels could effect the es
tablishment of a base for further operations
or whether they would be obliged to make for
home The London Exchange was closed for
a holiday and Paris was looked to for a re
flection of the foreign view of the engagement.
There was firmness in Spanish 4s at that cen
ter, the price having pained 5-lfi net by the
time trading ceased. These elements of doubt
helped the reaction in the first hour. But as
additional scraps of information began to
come to hand, especially that through British
official sources, there grew up a better appre
ciation of the scope of the advantage gained
and of its probable effect in bringing about an
early termination of the war.
The volume of outside orders from all over
the country showed a large increase as the
day progressed, and the demand was so active
and confident that the effect of the early re
action was entirely overcome. The grangers
and the internationals showed remarkable
strength as groups, and the majority of these
stacks showed net gains of over three points
on the day. Even more striking gains were
shown in some special cases. Consolidated Gas
rose 8 points, Pullman 9% points ex-dividend.
Lackawanna 11 points over Saturday's bid
price, and Oregon Navigation preferred gained
4-V Net grains otherwise are mostly found
within a radius of 1 to 3 points. The scramble
to buy at the opening was terrific and simul
taneous prices varied from 2 to 3 points in
Sugar, Burlington, St. Paul and Manhattan.
Standard Oil liquidating certificates were the
feature of the outside market with an advance
of IB points.
The bond market leaped into activity and
showed notable strength, the speculative issues
leading with gains of about 2 per cent. Single
Mocks of $150,000 of the Northern Pacific and
Atchison 4s changed hands. Total salps,
$3,775,000.
United States new 4s coupon ex-dividend ad- ]
vanced to 119%, new 4s registered 1, the old
roistered and the 5s coupon ex-dl\Mdend
P*>r cent in the bid price. United States 4s I
reg-istered on sales advanced i.% and the 5s j
coupon ex-interest % per cent.
Total sales of stocks to-day wore 614,360
shares, including: Atchison preferred, 15,841; i
Chesapeake and Ohio, 3995; Burlington. 46,621;
Lioutsvllle and Nashville, 20,950; Manhattan,
20,470: Metropolitan Street Railway. 15.250;
Reading preferred, 42W; Missouri Pacific, 7955;
New York Central. 11.450; Northern Pacific. 24,
520; Northern Pacific preferred, 32,. 120; Rock
Island. 33.550; St. Paul. 65.100; Southern pre- I
ferred, 606.".; Union Pacific preferred, 81,280;
Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf, 4290; Ameri
can Tobacco, 21,280; Chicago Great "Western,
6406; People's Gas, 12.250; General Electric,
4665; Pacific Mail. 3185; Sugar. 104.450; Tennes- |
see Coal and Iron, 6410; Western Union. 4416.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 11% | Do pref 140
Do prvf 27% St P M & M 130
i Baltimore & Ohio 16% So Pacific 13%
Canada Pacific ... 82% So Railway 8%
Ctfnada Southern. 4S>i Do pref 27%
i Cent Pacific j 12% Texas & Pacific.. 10%
Ches & Ohio 19% Union Pacific &5%
Chi & Alton 155 U P D & G 6!;
Chi X & Q 96% Wabash 6%
Chi & E 111 49 Do pref 16%
CCC &St L.... 29% Wheel & L E.... 1%
Do pref 71 Do pref '.« 4
Del & Hudson ... 106% Kxpress Companies —
j Del L & \V 152 Adams Ex 99
, Den & R G 11 American Ex 122
Do pref 44% United States ..... 38
Erie (new) 12% Wells Fargo 113
Do Ist pref 34>-i Miscellaneous —
IFt Wayne 166 A Cot OH 18%
I Gt Nor pref 147 Do pref 71
j Hocking Valley .. 6% Amn Spirits 11
i Illinois Central ... 100% Do pref ... 26
j Lake Erie & W.. 14 Am Tobacco 106%
Do pref 70 Do pref 115%
Lake Shore 152% People's Gas 93* i
Louis & Nash 50% Cons Gas ..J 181
Manhattan L .... 98% Com Cable Co 160
I Met St icy 144% Col F & Iron 20'/. J
: Mich Cent 103% Do pref 90 !
'• Minn & St L 25 Gen Electric 34
Do Ist pref .... SO Illinois Steel 47
Mo Pacific 25% Laclede Gas 44%
Mobile & Ohio 26% Lead 32
Mo X & T 11 Do pref 103% !
Do pref 33% Nat Lin Oil 17
i Chi Ind & L 8 Or Imp Co 28%
Do pref 25 j Pacific Mail 25%
I N J Central 93% Pullman Pal 177%
i NY Central 112% Silver Cert 56%
N V «_ hi & S L.. 12% Stand R & T 4
Do Ist pref 60 Sugar 129%
Do 2d pref 30 Do pref 100%
Nor West 12 T C & Iron 22%
No Amer Co ">>-> r S Leather 6 ■ j
No Pacific 26% Do pref 61%
Do pref 65% U $ Rubber 17
Ontario & TV 14% j Do pref 87%
Or R & Nay 46 West Union 88
Or Short Line .... 29 C & N W 122%
Pittsburg 167 Do pref ........ 171
Reading 17% St L & S W 1%
Do Ist pref .... 41 Do pref 10
Rock Island 88% R G W 23.
St L /I- S P 6<- 4 Do pref 50
Do Ist nref .... 66% Chi G W 11%
Do 2d pref 25% Haw Com Co 21
St Paul Pl% U P common 21%
Do pref 142 |O R & N 46%
St P & Om 72%
CLOSING BONDS.
L' 3 new 4s reg.. 120 Do 4ti 102%
Do coup. ...'..... 120 No Pao lets 114%
US 4s 107% Do 3k ..... 51)%
Do coup 10S%l Do 4a 92%
US os reg 110% |N YC& S L 45.. 100
Do 5s coup 110% i Nor & W 6s 112%
District 3.65b 112 I Nerthwutrri cons. 135
Ala class A 108% Do deb 6a 112
Do B 108% O Nay lets 11:
Do C 90 0 Nay 4s 92
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 120%
Atchlson 4s 88 OS Line 5s tr.... 100
Do adj 4s 60% O Imp lets tr 10(5
Can So 2ds 104% 1 Do ob tr 54% j
Chi Term 4s 82% ; Pacific 6s of 95.... 102% !
C & Ohio 5s 111% Reading 4s 81
C H & D 4%s 104% R G W 15t5...... 80% 1
D & R G lsts.... 104% St L & I M C 65.. 89%
D & R G 4a 89% IS L & S F G 65.. 116%
East Term lsts.. 103 St F con 139
Erie Gen 4s 69 St PC & P lsts.. 115%
F\V & D lsts tr.. 67% Do 5s 113 -
Gen Elec 08 99 So Ry 5s 89%
G H & S A 6a.... 106 ' Stand R & T 65.. 65
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 35.. 85
H & T Css 109 T&P L G lsts.. 100
Do con 6s 110 Do Rg 2ds 32%
lowa C lsts... 95 UP D& G lsts.. 52*
La new cons 45.. 90 Wab Ist 5s 105
L& N Unl 45.... 85% Do 2ds 78
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 107
M X & T 2ds 60% Va Centuries .... 67%
Do 4s 87 Do deferred ... 5
X V Central lsts.. 114 U P pref 55%
N J C £s 111% r- P 4s 92%
N Carolina 6s 120
f\ MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point .... 05 Ophir 35
Con Cal & Va 55 Plymouth 12
Deadwood .; 75, Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry 75 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 45 Sierra Nevada.... 60
Homestake 40 00 Standard • 155
Iron Silver 35 Union Con .-. 10
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket .... 05
BOSTON.
BOSTON, May 2.— Atchison. 11%: Bell Tele
phone, 255; Burlington, 96%; Mexican Central,
5; Oregon Short Line, 25%; San Diego, — -.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 2.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The only
event to note in the money market was the
growing belief that the war may collapse soon
and the revival of the New York demand for
gold. New York bought £300.000 of this week's
arrival from the Cape, and the price has risen
to 77s o%id. The Immediate future of the money
market hinges on the New York demands for
gold and the effect of the Chinese indemnity
payment on Saturday next.
PARIS. May 2.— Spanish 4s closed at 32%, a
net gain of 5-lfi. ______
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
XEW YORK. May 2.— FLOUR— Receipts, 23,
563: exports. 7940 barrels. The market sus
tained its firm undertone, but was quiet; Min
nesota patents, $6 20@6 60; winter extras, $3 90®
4 as.
WHEAT— Receipts, 390,350 bushels; exports,
107443. Spot steady; No. 2 red, $1 23 f. o. b.
afloat to arrive. Options opened weaker, owing
to favorable crop news and big Northwest re
ceipts. Thereafter the market was Irregular,
advancing actively on bullish foreign cables
and covering, followed by late realizings and
a seneral break In ail months exce:>t May,
which closed l%c higher; other months wore
partly %c higher. No. 2 red May, $1 18@1 20Vfe,
closed $1 20; July, $1 01;%®l 03^, closed |1 0i!?s.
WOOL— Quiet. -
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The week in metals opened with
little change in the general situation and the
market lacks special feature. At the close to
day the Metal Exchange called:
FlGlßON— Warrants steady, with $6 70 bid
and ?7 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $12 15 bid and
$12 25 asked.
TlN— Kasier, with $14 55 bid and $14 65 asked.
SPELTER— Quiet, with »4 10 bid and $4 20
LEAD — Quiet, with $3 70 bid and $3 77%
asked. Lead is quoted at $3 50 by the local firm
naming the settling price for Western miners
am! smelters.
COFFEE— Options steady, closed 10 points
lower: sales, 33,750 bass. including: May
$5 95@6; July. $5 s. r>issr >i 55 yo. Spot coffee— Rio,
firm; No. 7 invoice, 7c; No. 7 jobbins, 7&c;
mild, firm; Cordova, 8^4®15%c.
SUGAR— Firm; fair refining, 3%c; centrifu
gal. 96 test, 4Hc.
BUTTEK— -Receipts, 6046 packages. Firm;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAT, MAY 3, 1898.
Western creamer}', 14%<3>17c; Elgins, lie; fac
tory-. 13@14%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 18,537 packages. Steady;
Western, ll%rgll%c; Southern, 10%@11%c.
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, May 2.— California Dried
Fruits Apples very strong, other fruits firm.
EVATORATEP APPLES- s<S7%c; prime wire
tray. *V4c; wood-dried, prime, B%@9c; choice,
9c; fancy. 9®9%c
PRUNES— 3%@>7c. , „,.„
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 6%«8c; Moorpark, B%®
10c
PEACHES- Unpeeled, s@Bc; peeled, ll@l4c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 2.— On the belief that the
war would soon be ended prices to-day de
clined on the Board of Trade. Despite higher
quotations in Europe traders here sold every
thing freely. Trading in wheat began with
the American naval victory at Manila upper
most in the speculative mind. Traders be
lieved that the end of the war was possibly
in sight, and that it would be followed
by a cessation of the urgent foreign ■ demand.
From the start professionals Bold July wheat
freely lc below Saturday's close. They dm
that in spite of the fact that Liverpool started
1 Id higher, and did not convince themselves of
I having perhaps too hastily commenced dis
i counting the termination of the war until.later
i quotations from Liverpool showed steady ma
! terial additions to the initial advance. The
| Chicago bears amended their original views on
seeing the continued foreign strength, and the
I result was a recovery in the course of an hour
!of all the early decline. Rumors of the sur
i render of Manila caused several sharp breaks
later. The visible supply decreased 2,651,000
bushels. Fine weather reports were offset by
predictions of frost in the West. July started
lc lower at from 93%@94c, improved gradually
to 94% c, dropped back to 94%c,and advanced
again to 95% c. It dipped as low as 93% c. The
close was at 94%@94%c. a net loss of %c. May
opened Vie lower at $1 20, declined to $1 17%,
reacting to $1 20 at the close.
Fine weather was the dominant influence in
the corn pit. Liquidation was heavy in all
! options. July closed %c net lower.
Trading in oats was heavy- Distant futures
ruled weak throughout on free liquidation.
May closed %c lower and July lc lower.
The Manila victory caused some selling of
■ provisions and prices ruled lower throughout.
I Liverpool quoted bacon firm and lard 3d
higher. July pork lost 22% c, lard 12% c and ribs
10c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—2 —
i May 120 117% 120
1 July 94 95% 93.%, 94% !
September 82 82% 81% 81%
j December 81 81% 80% 80%
Corn. No. 2—2 —
May : 33% 33% 32% 33
July 34% 34% '33% 33%
[ September 35% 35% 34% 34%
Oats, No. —
May ,31% 31% 30 30%
July 27 27 25% 25%
September 23% 24 23V! 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
May 1100 1100 10 90 10 90
July 1127% 1140 11 07% 1112%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 5 52% 5 82% 5 72% 675
July 5 87% 5 87% 5 77% SSO
September 595 695 5 87% 590
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May. .5 62% 655 5 47% 6 47%
July 560 . 6 62% 5 62% 555
September ...5 67% 570 5 62% 6 62%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, in
fair demand: buyers asking concessions; No.
2 spring wheat, $1 08: No. 3 spring wheat, $1@
1 00% ; No. 2 red. $1 20@l 20%: No. 2 corn, 34®
34iic; No. 2 oats, 31% c; No. 2 white, 33«33>Ac;
No. 3 white, 32 1 ,;@33c; No. 2 rye, 62%@63c; No.
2 barley, 42@52c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 31%@1 32;
prime timothy seed. $2 6062 75: mess pork, per
bbl, $10 90910 95; lard per 100 lbs. $5 6096 62%; j
short ribs sides (loose), $5 35<&5 70; dry. salted
shoulders (boxed), $4 7506; short clear sides i
(boxed). $5 S.W6 05: whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal. $1 20. ■
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 11,900 ; 400
Wheat, bushels 441,300 92,600
Corn, bushels 445,100 915,200
Oajs. bushels 424. 500 261,600
Rye, bushels 6,300 1.200
Barley, bushels 27,800 10,300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries, I6V2C : dai
ries, 12@lnc. Eggs, firm; fresh, 10>4c, Cheese,
dull and unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
BnxhPls. Bushels.
Minneapolis 379,420 42,900
Duluth 145,616 67,926
Milwaukee 22,100 ' ....:..
Chicago 441.295 92.618
Toledo 79.75S 4.500
St. Louis 88,000 68,000 <
Detroit 3.191 454
Kansas City 129.500 40.000
Totals 1,288,910 316.39S
Tidewater —
Boston '....14,700 137,817
New York 390.350 107,443
Philadelphia »-. 3,479 '1,972
Baltimore 3.279 ' .......
New Orleans ......
Galveston
Totals .....462.521 247,232
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat — May. Sept. and Dec.
Opening 67 40 ■ ■ 54 83 .
Closing 67 25 54 00
b lour — .;..'•;■
Opening .....32 75 . 25 00
Closing ......................32 10 . 24 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
'■V? May. 'July. Sept. Dpc.
Opening 9 2ii 7 8% 7 2
Closing 9 10% 9 3>4 7 B>4 7 2
EASTERN 'LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 2.— CATTLE— Were In fairly
active demand to-day; liberal receipts caused
a decline of s@loc in ordinary droves, but de
sirable lots sold at steady prices. Common
dressed beef steers, $3 Bo@4 20: good to prime
shipping cattle, $4 75(g5 25; choice beeves, $4 25
06; calves, ?4<g6.
HOGS — Were in good demand at an advance
of sc; sales were largely at $4*54 15; common,
$3 Ss@3 90; prime light, $4 05; pigs, J3@4.
. SHEEP— RuIed slightly lower on heavy
offerings. Shorn lambs, $4 25@4 65; wooled, $5
©5 35. ,
Receipts— Cattle, 20,000; Hogs, 30,000; Sheep,
20,000.
KANSAS CITY. ■. .•£ .! •-.
KANSAS CITY. May 2.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500. Light grades, steady; natives. $4 2.i@4 80;
Westerns, J3 9.",W4 30; cows, $3 40«4 25: heifers,
$4 25@4 65; stockers and feeders, $4 2.">'g,> 25.
HOGS — Receipts, 7600. Market active and Be
higher. Bulk of sales. $3 SOS 3 90; heavy, $3 90
(gi iV": lights, $3 60f13 75: pips. $3«/3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000. Western lambs. $5®
5 30; muttons, $4®4 75; spring lambs, $5@7.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, May 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3000.
Market s@loc lower. Native beef steers, $4@
4 80; Western steers, $3 BO@4 GO; Texas steers,
$3 25@4 25; cows and heifer 3, $3 25@4 25: stock
ers and feeders, $."! 75<g'4 85; bulls and stags,
$2 50#3 75.
HOGS— Receipts. 2000. Market 5c higher.
Heavy, $3 9003 93; mixed. $3 90@3 92; bulk -of
sales, $3 40. .
| SHEEP— Receipts. 7100. Market steady. Fair
to choice natives. $3 70@4 50; fair to / choice ;
Westerns, $" 60@4 40; common and stock sheep,
$3<§4; lambs, $4(55 35.
-■:."-■■' DENVER.
! DENVER. May 2.— Receipts. 2500.
Market steady. Beef steers, $3 50@4 30; cows.
$3@3 90; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 90<§>
4 30; stockers,' . ireight paid to river, $4@4 50;
bulls and stags, $2@3.
HOGS— Receipts, 100. Market firm. Light
packers, $3 So@3 85; mixed, $3 75@3 80; heavy,
$3 7003 85. "-
SHEEP— none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. May 2.— Silver, 26 3-16 d.
LIVERPOOL, May 2.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard. California wheat, 45s 6d; • cargoes 1
Walla Walla wheat, 465; cargoes off coast, buy- j
ers and sellers . apart; cargoes on passage, :
quiet and steady; English country markets, gen- |
erally Is dearer; French country markets,, I
dull; wheat ■ in Paris, easy; flour in Paris,
easy; quantity of wheat and flour on passage
to United Kingdom, 2,850,000; quantity of wheat |
and 'Flour on passage to Continent, ■ 2,170.000; ;
Indian shipments of wheat to United King- i
dom, 29,000; Indian shipments of wheat to Con
tinent, 60,000; Import into United Kingdom for
week, 197,000 bbls flour; 301.000 quarters wheat. ■
COTTON— Uplands, 3 19-32.
: ' - CLOSING. •
CORN— May steady, 4s 2%d;* July,' steady, 3s
lHd. . ■ • V. • .- ■ - ..;-.••. -: , j, s <.... ■■■, •
Imports of wheat into Liverpool for. the week:
From Atlantic ports. 66,500 quarters; from Pa
cific ports, none; from other ports, 44,000 quar
ters. ■■''•-- -■ ' ' '■■ *-_:< ; :
.'■■ ■ NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. May 2.— Temporary scarcity of
! tonnage and attendant stiff. rates with a slight i
I element of uncertainty regarding the future " of
the market' kept several buyers ; out of - the '
I market to-day, and as a result it was' difficult
to secure a quotation of more than 92<g93c for '
j Walla Walla and 95#96c for valley and blue
stem. B •■■-■. '.". ■ ' -..'n'^'r
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 2.— Wheat weaker; No. 1
club, 93#94c; blue stem, 9S@99c.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, May 2.— The statement of the
visible supply ' of grain in store and \ afloat, • as
compiled ; by the New I York Produce Exchange
for Saturday, is as follows: . -
, » ■-.■■- ' ■ Bushels, r, Decrease.
Wheat, 23.263,000 2.631,000
Corn .........................27,044.000 .4,605,000
Oats t. 11.218,000  557.000
Rye ..............:. ...: 2,850,000 30,000
Barley ..: . 851,000 41,000
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
■■■ ' WASHINGTON. May ; 2.— To-day's .Treasury
statement: Available cash balance, $215,810,622 .
gold reserve, $151,238, 136. - ' ' -. -.;•:-_.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, May . 2.— Exchanges, r. $504,313;
balances, $126,498. .-//, .'•; *■ .
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — ***!,,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — * °}n
Sterling Cables — * 85
New York Exchange, sight — W
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 12%
Fine Silver, per ounce -~ pt)^»
Mexican Dollars ..„..'.'. - * 6 *
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week opened with a sharp fall
of 8c on call under heavy trading. The other
markets of the world were mixed. Liverpool
and Paris advancing and Chicago boxing the
compass in a most confusing way. Spot quota
tions were nominal, In the absence of trading.
In fact, owing to the practical failure of the
California crop, quotations for State Wheat will
be more or less nominal from now on.
Tidewater quotations are: Shipping. $1 ib®
1 72% for No. 1 and $1 75 for choice; milling,
$1 77%@1 82% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9 15 — December —
2000 ctls. $1 71%;: 8000, $1 71%; 4000. $1 71; 2000.
$1 7074,. '
Second session— 6ooo ctls. $1 70%;
4000, $1 70; 26,000' $169%: 2000. $169%; 6000,
$1 69%: 14,000, $169; 22,000, 68%: 8000. $1 65%;
5000, $1 65%. .-.
Regular morning session— December— 4ooo ctls,
$1 69%: 2000. $1 68%- 2000. $1 68%: 6000, $1 65%;
2000, $168%; 000 ' $1 68; 20M). $1 68%; 2000.
$1 68%; 2000, $1 67% : 6000, $1 67%; 4000, $167%;
14,000, $1 67%.
Afternoon session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 67;
6000, $166%; 6000. $166%; 2000. $166%: 6000.
$1 66%; 28,000, $1 66- 2000, $166%: 6000, $1 65%;
4000, .$1 65%; 6000, $1 65%; 20,000, $1 65%. May—
2000, $1 70.
BARLEY— Prices followed Wheat down,
though the decline was less marked.
Feed, $1 32%@1 35;. Brewing. : nominal.
CALL BOARD SAX.ES.
Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. $1 32%.
Second session— December— Booo ctls. $1 32;
6000, $1 32% : 2000, $1 31'^.
Regular morning: session — December — 9000 ctls,
$1 31 %; 8000. $1 32
Afternoon session — December^-10,000 ctls.
$1 31%: 10,000, $1 3i%.
OATS— Expected large receipts from outside
sources have weakened some descriptions
slightly. The demand !« nothing extra.
Fancy Feed, $1 42%#1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 3518-1 40; common. $1 3f*sl 32%: Sur
prise, $1 45@1 50; gray, $1 32%'iil 37V>; milling.
$1 35<tfl 42% per cti.
CORN— Thus far the flood of Eastern corn
has not weakened the market, as the interior
is taking large quantities of it for teed. Quo
tations are unchanged.
Small round yellow. Jl 25 per ctl; large yei
low. $1 io<gl 12%; white. $1 15.
RTE-tl 37%^] 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT- $1 75@2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The China steamer took out 6675 barrels of
Flour to the Orient.
FLOUR-Family Extras. $5 75@5 85; Bakers 1
Extras. $5 50*35 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Price 3in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50: extra cream
C-rnmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats. $4 25;
1-ominy, $3 25®3 50: Buckwheat Flour. $4<!?4 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 80
«?6 20: in sacks, $5 6066: Pearl Barle" $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
New Hay has appeared. It was Alfalfa from
the Sacramento Valley and sold at $15 25. An
other lot remains unsold. Receipts were free
and consisted mainly of Alfalfa and Timothy
from outside the State. There was no change
in prices.
Feedstuff's were quoted as before.
BRAN— S2O 50@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23 50(g25 50 per ton.
KEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Ba'rle.v. $29(J?30 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 60; Jobbing,
$32@32 50; Cocoanut Cake. $24@25: Cottonseed
MeaJ.,s2S@3o per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; Crack
ed Corn, $25.
HAT— (Ex-car in round Wheat, S23@
26 50; Wheat and Oat. $2r<r2T.: Oat. $20@23; Bar
ley, none: compressed Wheat, $22025; com
pressed Oat, $20@22; Alfalfa, $15@i"; Clover,
nominal : Timothy, $15<517.
STRAW— $1 10 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The upward tendency In White Beans con
tinues. Colored are stationary, but firmly held.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 95«3 06; Small Whites.
$2 10@2 25: Large Whites, $25"2 10; Pinks,
$2 «6«p2 75:. Reds. $2 2.V&2 35: Blackey*. $3 2ft*i;
3 50; Butter*, $1 65(51 75; Limas, $3 25; Pea,
$2<fr2 10: Red Kidneys, $2 50<g2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Must .rd. $2 25:03 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard, $3 l.';ii.l 25; Flax. $2 25; Canary
Seed,' 2U@2*ic per lb; Alfalfa, 3@6c; Rape, 2\i@
2*l c: Hemp, 2%@3c; Timothy, 5«?5%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green. $1 90@
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES
Los Angelea String Beans brought e'g'Sc per
lb. Green Peppers, ir,fil<- 2 c and Tomatoes $1 25
@1 50 per box.
Vegetables present about the usual quota
tions, with ample supplies. Rhubarb was
firmer.
Arrival of fiSS boxes Mexican Tomatoes.
New Potatoes are firmer and new Onions
weaker.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 40(ffi50c; Rlvtr Reds,
40050 c; River Burbanks. 50® 60c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, £0(5 Ssc: Petamma Burbanks. 50
©65c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, $1&1 25 for
Mer'TU; new Potatoes, Iffl2e per lb.
ONlONS— Choice $2 40<£2 60. Cut Onions. $1
Jj'l 2.'. per ctl; new, $1 2. r .@l 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were VMI boxes As
paragus. 291 boxes Rhubarb and 74fl sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2'u2 SO for extra large. $1 5001 75
per box for No. 1, 75c@$l 25 for small : Rhu
barb. 4055 60c per box for small to good :md 65@
75c for extra choice; Green Peas, 75c@$l 25 per
sack; Garden Peas, 24<&3c- per lb: String Beans,
from Vacaville, S-ffSc; Dried Peppers. 6@7c
per lb: Pried okra. 12Hc; Cabbage. 86®75e per
ctl: Carrots, 2.'^/2fic per sack: (Aicumbers. 35^i
$1 25 per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 25@1 50
per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced raw, 12c per lb In lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16@18c; granulated raw,
13c: Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
250; String Beans, 30c: Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There wan nothing offered except left-over
stock, which was slow of sale.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. llt?12c for Gob
blers and ll@l2e for Hens: C,r.e F e. per pair,
$1«1 25; Goslings, $1 7SO3i Pucks, $2 W®S 50 for
old and H'ai BO for young; Hens, $.W4; Roost
ers, young," $6(T/S: Roosters, old. $3 C'0(&"4; Fryers,
$5 50<&6 50: Broilers. $4 .r,off. r ,off. r , for large. $2(g-3 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 50#l 75 per dozen for
young and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Stocks of Butter are heavy and the market
is easy. Eggs are also easy, but no lower.
BUTTER— *
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 19c; seconds,
18c. - -
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17^@lS%c; common,
grades, 15@17c per lb. • ■
Kastern butter — Imitation creamery. . 16
(8'16%c:. ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub. 16«H8M:C. . : .
, CHEESE— Choice mild new, '9@9%c; common
to good, 7 l A<af>Mc; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young .America, . 10&llc: Western, UtfVte;
Eastern, 12%®13%c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. 12 I ><f?l.'H4c per dozen;
store Eggs, ll^@l2c; Duck Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS. .
The. market was . slow, . with a decline In
Strawberries under increased receipts. Cher
ries were steady and in moderate receipt.
Oranges declined, with receipts of 16 cars for
this point and 8 for the north.
Arrivals of 407 boxes ' ' Mexican Limes. The
market is steady.
1.. i. til 'I Ol * t- KTTITS— ■ ■:. ■■•-<- ■■? ;••• s S \
Receipts were 459 chests of Strawberries and
86 boxes of Cherries.
Strawberries, $3 50@5 per chest for large and
$4-6 6 for small berries in baskets, and $7@B
loose.: ,
Small White Cherries 40©75 c per box; red,
75c(55l 25; black. $1 M@2 25. - Vvr..
Gooseberries, 40@50c per. drawer. •
Apples, 4"(j.<M- per vox i.ii n.mmoii, 75c@$J
for good to choice and $1 25<irl 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 50
Seedlings, 50e<f|$l; Lemons, 50c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@2 25 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4; California Limes, In small
boxes, 505? 60c:- Bananas, $1 25@2 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen. ; '
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Prunes have again gone up, and there Is no
diminution in the demand. Evaporated Ap
ples are also firmer and active, though no
1 higher. ■ ■ ' .' "■';':
Dill ED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots. 4?;®
•5c for . 40-50 ■ 4i,«(§4'ic for 50-60's, 3%@4c ■ for
! GO-70s, 31,4(g33 1 ,4(g3i 2 c for 70-80' a, 2%®Sc for 80-90' s. 214
@2%cfor 90-100' Peaches, 3@sc: fancy, r a%@
be: peeled, 10<ttl2'/ic; Apricots,, ate6}rn; lor ttuj
als and 7OSc for good -to: fancy - Moorparks;
•Evaporated Apples, 6i*-@7c: sun-dried, 4®"sc:
Black Fips.in sacks, 2t?2^c: Plums, 4»4@4%c
for pitted and 101'^c for unpltted; • ; bleached
Plums, •,£@5 I ,ic;; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime
to fancy: Pears, 2 1 i@4\4 for quarters ; and 3@
6%c = for - halves, according ■to color, etc. r
! I RAISINS— I%CT2c for : • two-crown, 3c - for
three-crown. 3'ic for four-crown, 4^c for
Seedless Sultanas, j 2%c for Seedlesss Muscatels
and $I@l 10 -for London layers; dried Grapes,'
2%C. :- -:.;-- v ■■ ■ :**.;<',;}■'■■■ ,-■-_- - " :■ ■,
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per Ib:
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell : and 4!i?6c for soft
shell; Almonds. 3@4c for hardshell,- 6@7c ; for
softshell, ■":■• S^igjc for paper-shell; .■; Peanuts,
4@6%c for Eastern and 4>4c for California; Pe
cans, 6Vj@Sc; Filberts, '.• B>^@loc: Brazil Nuts,
S@;ic per Ib: ; Cocoanuts,', $4 50.H 53 ' per 100.
* HONEY— Comb. ■* 9(ffiloc 1 for bright :and.6i37c
for .lower grades; water-white extracted, s*i@
6c; light amner. extracted, 4%<sjsV2C per 1b. .. 1
• BEESWAX— 2-; t7':r,c per/ 1b. ... • , .
; '','.. . PROVISIONS.
Lard Is rising 1 the East, and an advance Is
, expected hers booh, Otherwise there is nothing
new.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb for
heavy, 9Vic for light medium, lOVfcc for llpht,
lie for extra Hght and 12c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. lOUrfTllc: Califor
nia Hams, 9'i'ulCe Mess Beef, JlO 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, 111; Family Beef, $12: Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17® 17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beeef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 54c per lb
for compound and 7c for pure; pails. 7%c;
California tierces, Ec per Tb for compound
and 6Uc for pure; half barrels, 6?ic; 10-Ib tins,
7Mtc: 5-Ib tins. Be.
COTTOLENE— Tierces', 6V&@6%c; packages,
less than 808 lbs — 1-th palls. 60 in a case. H'ic:
3-Tb pails, 20 in a case, B%c: 5-Ib pails, 12 In a
case, SVic; 10-rh pails, 6 In a case, BVfcc; 50-Tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
tbs net, ~%c; fancy tubs, 8p lbs net, 7ftc; half
bbls, about 110 Tbs, 7^c per Tb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
ste :s, 10c: medium. S>Vg9c; light. B>_c; Cow
hides, 8_t09o; Stags. sc; salted Kip. 9c; Calf.
10c: drj- Hides, lr.@lf,c; culls and brands, 12®
13c: dry Kip and Veal, 16@16Msc; drj- Calf.
18??19c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 3 each:
Kids, s'SlOc; Deerskins, good summer, 2Si_ 1 30 c
per Tb: medium, We; winter. 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings. 2O'a2."iC each; short wool, WrtWc
each; medium. 60@SOc: long wool, 90c@$l 20
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. S©-*_o per It):
No. 2. SWi'ic; refined. sc: Grease. 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip-San Joaquin, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain. 9'ullo; free Northern,
12(513c: Northern, defective, 9@llc per Tb.
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 10^14c per Tb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for ■ dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6^c; second quality,
6%(86c; third quality, 4@sc per Ib.
VEAL— Large, s@>6c; small, 6^@7c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@9c; Ewes, 8c per It).
LAMB— Spring. B%@9c per It).
PORK— Hogs, 3%c for large and 4c for
medium; stock Hogs, 2<g'2M>c; dressed Hogs,
sM>@6%c ________
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal;, Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin," $5 30.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6: Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch, $10; Cumberland, $10 25 'in bulk and
$11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite _gb.
$14; Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley. $9; Coke, $12 per
ton in bulk and $14 In sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c: Powdered, 6V4c; Dry
Granulated, 6%c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A, E&c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, s"r4c;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, 5%c per Tt>;
half barrels Vie more than barrels, and boxes
%c more. .■ . ■.-..-■ ■."?:;;'
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, May 2.
Flour, qr Bks ... lI.OOSIBran. sks 250
Wheat, ctls 1,052 Hay. tons 423
Barley, ctls 4,l7olStraw, tons 17
Corn, ctls 6 .W001, bales 106
Cheese, ctls 3S I Pelts, bdls 191
Butter, ctls 251 Hides, no 570
Tallow, ctls 509 Lime, bbls 201
Wine.- gals r.8,350 Eggs, doz 12,090
Beans, sks 1.274 Quicksilver, fisk. 113
Potatoes, sks ... 1.41S Leather, rolls ... 92
Onions, sks 2*l |
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 7,l94|Onions, eks 19
Whrat, ctls 7. 085 (Bran, sks 2.100
Barley, etls 2,750 , Middlings, sks .. 100
Oats, ctls 44IShorts, sks 2,000
Potatoes, sks ... 6", 447 /
WASHINGTON.
Wheat, ctls 15.065|8ran, sks 2,261
Barley, ctls 1.250 1
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2,000!
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no change worthy of note In
mining stocks, trade being dull.
Local securities were active at about Sat
urday's prices.
The following bonds paid Interest and were
quoted ex-coupon yesterday: United States
4's, new issue, $1: Edison Light and Power 6's,
$3; Natoma Vineyard 6's, $3; North Pacific
Coast Railroad 6's $3. and Sacramento Electric
Gas and Railway. $2 50; Southern Pacific Rail
road of California f.'s, $2 50, and Spring Val
ley Water 4's, $1.
The Vindicator Mining Company of Colorado
paid a dividend of 2Vjc per share, or $37,500,
I last week. Other mining companies paid divl
• <!civls yesterday as follows: Mammoth. Utah.
'• . c per share. $20,000; Lillie, Colorado, 3c per
j share, $27,000; Moon-Anchor, Colorado, 2^c per
share, $15,000; Geyser-Marion, Utah, 2c per
share, $6000.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
dividend of 40c per share on the sth inst.
The delinquent assessment sales of the Con
solidated California & Virginia and Best &
Belcher mining companies will be held to-day.
The Central Gaslight Company paid a divi
dend of |1 per share yesterday.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are
as follows:
Consolidated California & Virginia: 1550 level
— From north drift skirting along the foot wall
from the Incline upraise at a point ITS feqt on
the slope above this level, 150 feet In from its
mouth, east crosscut No. 2 has been advanced
19 feet, passing through porphyry with clay
seams and lines of quartz; total lensth. 112
feet. From the Incline upraise No. 1 at a point
112 feet above the sill floor of this level from
the south drift, at a point 300 feet in from its
mouth, near the end of the east crosscut, a
south drift opposite the north drift has been
advanced 14 feet, passing through quartz as
saying $2 and to per ton; total length, 36 feet.
1650 level— From incline upraise No. 1 at a
point 60 feet above the sill floor of this levl
from the south drift skirting along- the loot
wall at a point 178 feet in from its mou'.h.
from the top of the upraise which has beep
carried up 49 feet, from the south ilr ft 100
feet in from its mouth, the upraise has beeu
carried up 11 feet, passing through quartz and
porphyry assaying from $1 to ilO per ton;
total height. 109 feet. From the old east cross
cut on the sill floor of this level at a point 03
feet in from its mouth from the upraise carried
up 15 feet above the sill floor we have worked
north along the east drift in quartz showing
narrow streaks and bunches of fire. From these
openings we have extracted 47 tons of ore as
saying per mine car samples $33 37 per ton.
Have also extracted from this part r»f the
mine eight tons of low grade ore, the samples
taken from cars when raised to the sur.ac'r
was $S 40 per ton. 1750 level— On the eleventh
floor from the north drift from the east drift
at a point 2S feet in from its mouth a north
drift has been advanced 13 feet, passing
through old ground of former workings from
which we have saved 22 tons of ore, as .ay ing
$57 10 per ton. The total extraction of ore for
the week amounted to 69 tons, the average as
say value of which per samples taken from
cars at the surface, was $43 54 per ton.
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000-foot !«▼•!.
west crosscut No. 3, started from the north
drift from the shaft station, 12". feet north from
the station, has been extended 20 feet, pass
ing through hard porphyry with seams of clay
and quartz, the latter assaying $1 pei ton;
total length of crosscut, 1074 fe«t. In the iHa
Central tunnel workings of the Ophir frum the
sill flV>or from the west crosscut from 'lie
Mexican shaft, starting at a point 434 feet In
from Its mouth, the south drift was advanced
9 feet, passing through quartz of nominal
value; total length, 20 feet.
Tl.e official report from the Sierra Nevada
mine is as follows: Rlley tunnel— During the ■
week we stoped out from the second floor 170 j
mining carloads of ore. The assay value of j
car samples was as follows: Gold. J46 72; sil
ver, 15 ounces per ton. Have hauled to the
Nevada mill during the week 170 tons of ore.
The average assays taken from battery sam
ples was $.12 90 per ton. The south drift start
ed from the tunnel, at a point 6fis feet in from
the mouth, was advanced 12 feet; total length, |
IK feet; face in hard porphyry, mixed with |
quartz. Have not received official returns from '
the last shipment of sulphurets to Selby & Co. !
at Vallejo Junction. 9on level — West crosscut
No. 6, at a point 1W feet north from crosscut
No. 5, was advanced 22 feet; total length. 47
feet; face in porphyry and gypsum, with a
slight seepage of water.
BRUNSWICK LODE EXPLORATIONS.
Consolidated California & Virginia, Best &
Belcher and Gould & Curry: bOO level— The
Joint south drift from the station was ad
vanced 25 feet: total length, 717 feet; face in
porphyry- The shaft has been sunk 11 feet
on the incline; total depth, 1040 feet; bottom in
porphyry and stringers of quartz. The joint
west crosscut started from th» south drift, at
a r>oint 600 feet from the station, was ad
vanced 17 feet; total length, 57 feet; face In
porphyry.
Occidental Con. — The official letter for the
past week says: 550 level— The southwest drift
from the foot of upraise Ko. 1 has been ex
tended under alonz the vein 9 feet; total
length. 3S feet. fi.'.O level— The raise from east
crosscut No. 3. 100 feet north of the station
has hern advance.] 25 feet through quartz with
bunches of pay ore; total height, 62 feet. 750
level— Fmm the end of the north drift from
■.vest crosscut No. 1 at a point 150 feet in, the
east crosscut has been extended 12 feet in a
mixture of quartz and porphyry; total length
29 feet. Have started sinking winze in west
crosscut No. 1 at a ;>oint where the ore was
first discovered.
The official letter from the Alta mine for the
pa-"t week says: Have hoisted and delivered
to the mill during the week fifty-eight car
loads of ore. the average value of which ac
cording to car samples, was $34 per ton ' The
mill Is doing good work, as the following will
show: Battery samples. $?.n 74 : concentrates
$10 24, and 4.70 ounces of silver per ton. Set
tler samples, 60c geld and $3 SO silver per ton
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
MONDAY. May 2—2 p.m.
, Bid. Ask. •'■■-■ ' Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— ■ - - Mutual. El Co. 11% 1214
is quar coup.". 107*4 108% Oakland v Gas.. 45^ 451?
*4s quar reg;.'.. 107 108; Pac Gas Imp.. 82*4 S3
Is quar new..".119V4120 .: Pac. L 5 C0..... 50 . 63
-.Miscellaneous— . S F G & E.. 83 S3VI
Cal-st Cab ss. — 116 San : Fran .... 3% Z%
Cal El C 5......125 — Stock 1a5..;.. 12 .—
C C Wat 08. _ — 1031* Insurance— w,.-
Dup-st er. c. — 98V4 Firem's Fund. lßs —
E I, .t P 65.. 127% — Bank Stocks—
F&Ch R • 6s. — r 1181,4 Anglo-CaJ .... — 62 ;
Gear-st !R ' ss. 92% 99 - Bank of * Ca1.. 236 240
HC & S 6%..W0 105 : Cal & D & T. — a*
L A L Co 63. — 100 First -fat ....195 —
Do gntd 65.: — ICO l-on P & A...130 — ...
! Market-st 65.. 123^126 Mer Exchange 10 lo ;
Do Ist M 55..112%113y. Nev Nat 8...150 loi%
Nat Yin 8s Ist — »7^. Savings Hanks—
NCNg Rv 75. 102 — Ger S & L.. — 1650
NRy Cal 65.. — 112 Hum S & 1050 1160
IN Ky Cal 55.. S>9<£loo% Mutual Say. — 42%
iNP CR R 6s. 100% — SFSavU.. — 500
jNP CRy 55.. — 101 S& L 50.... — 100
• N Cal 1y 55.. — — Security SB3 —
] Oak Gas 55...:00 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d is 55.. 105 110 Street Railroad — .
Omßy 63..... — 124% California ....108 110
P & O 6s 110 . - . Geary .%.;'.;.".; 40 - —
P & Ch Ry 6s. — 110 ; Market-st .... 50Vi 52
Poweli-st 65... 116 — Presidio ....... 6% 9
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder—
SacElec Ry os.lCO — California ....Ha 150
S F& N P 53.105 106% E Dynamite... 85 —
SierraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. — 44.
S.P of Ar 65..100%103 Vif,-orit 3Vi 3%
S P Cal 65.. — 113 - Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — ■■'■ 96 Al Pac Assn.. 93 —
SPBr 6s 10S\410:l Ger »Vk3.110 — .
S V "VVat C 5...115 116 Hana P C 0... — la
S V Wat 45... 100% — HC & S Co.. 19% 20:
Stock Gas 65.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 46% 4. ;
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. SO —
Contra Costa.. 4?% — Nat Yin C 0... — 6%
Marin (Jo 50 — Oceanic S Co. 45% 4»%
Spring Valley. 95% 98% Pac A F L,.. 1% 2%
Gas & Mectrlc— Pac Bot C0...100%101
Cent Gaslight. los — I Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morning Session.
25 Alaska Packers' A550ciati0n........... 93 00
20 Oakland Gas 45 50
50 Vigorlt Powder 350 j
50 do do 3 37%
100 Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar....... 2100 :
50 ' do do .....T. 20 75
500 do do • 20 50
125 do do 20 62%
155 do do i 20 37%
100, do do. 20 25,;
300 do do 8 10 20 12%
10 do do t B 10... 20 25
50 do do s 30.. 20 12%
450 do do 8 30........ 20 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co.. 82 75 _
55 Spring Valley Water ...98 87%
$3000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 108 2o
Afternoon Session.
25 Hawaiian Commercial & 5ugar....... 20 25
25 do do 20 12%
705 do do • 20 00 |
. 50 Hutchinson S P C 0..... 46 75
100 do do 46 87%
10 Market-street Railway 51 00
30 Oakland Gas 45 50
110 Oceanic Steamship Co ....45 00
10 do do 45 75
25 do do ««60
10 do do 45 25
15 S F Gas & Electric Co ..83 25
100 S F Gaslight ....'...: 3 50
22 Spring Valley Water 98 75
$2000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 101 00
Street—
5 Oakland Gas 45 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
10 Hawaiian C & S C 0...... 20 37%
40 do do 20 50 j
Afternoon Session.
50 Spring Valley Water 99 00
10 Mutual Electric 1187^
50 do do 11 75
fiO Market-street Railway Co 50 25
25 Hawaiian C & S Co 20 00
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 46 00
20 S F Gas & Electric 82 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alta 19 1 TOO Justice 10
2'X) Bullion 07'lOOOphir 39
100 Gouid & Curry.. 2Cisoo Overman u3
Afternoon Session.
50 Best & Belcher. 2S iOOPotosi 25
700 Chollar 201100 Savage 14
300 Con Cal & Va.. 6litoo Sierra Nevada.. 70
200 Ophir 39|
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alta 19 ; 200 Savage 15
2500 Bullion 07 i"0 Sierra Nevada.. 67
tflOChollar 19 iOO 66
200 IS 65
300 Con Cal & Va.. f.9 200 69
200 Ophir 33 200 7n
300 Potosi 2? Wi Union Con 17
200 25 ,00 Yellow Jacket... 09
Afternoon Session.
! >00 Alta IS 100 Ophir 39
I ?00 Best & Belcher. 28 100 Potosi 25
iw Chollar ."O,?oo Savage 15
iOO Con Cal & Va. . 61 jJOO Sierra Nevada.. 69
30 Crown Point ... 09 ' 500 Yellow Jacket. .. 09
i >00 Gould & Curry.. 21 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 2—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — 02
! Alta IS 19 Justice — 10
I Andes 08 09 Kentuck 01 02
( Benton Con ... — 20 Lady Wash ... — 03
I Belcher 11 12 Mexican 11 12
1 Best & Belcher 28 29 Occidental 110 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 33 40
Caledonia — 18 Overman 02 OS
Chollar 20 21 Potosi 23 25 i
Challenge Con. 12 1" Savage 13 14 :
Con Cal & Va. 61 62 Seg Belcher .. 01 02
Confidence 40 43 Scorpion — 02
"on Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 67 63 ;
Con New York. — 02 Silver Hill — 01 j
Crown Point ..10 11 Syndicate — 04
i Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 150 —
! Exchequer — o<s Union Con .... 15 16
Gould & Curry. 21 22 Utah 07 08
Hale & Norcrs. 45 50 Yellow Jacket. 08 09
.■♦ ■ — ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
i .W. O. Henn to Louise I. Henn. lot on N line
i of Clay street, 25 W : of Flllmore, W 23 by X
i 102:SVi;' $10.
Mary K. and Herman Puckhaber (by K. B.
! Pond and H. C. Campbell trustees) to Millard
| F. Hudson. 1637 d., 334, lot on N line of Beulah.
I street* formerly Kate), 156:3 W of Shrader, \V*
' 25 by N 137:6 (trustees' deed): $1342.
I Millard F. and Lillian C. Hudson to Crocker
; Estate Company, same: $10, . . ,■ • , ~
i O. B. and Esther- I. Jennings, Benjamin and :
' Elmira Brewster to S. C. Bigelow, lot on NE :
i corner of Fourteenth and Folspm streets, N
i 367 E 250, S 285, W 250; *- — .
; Samuel C. and Isabel O. Blgelow to Annie B.
and Walter Jennings, Helen J. James (wife of
i W. B.). Emma B. Auchincloss ("wife of H. D.),
i Oliver G. and Mary B. Jennings, Elmlna D.,
< George S.. Frederick F. and Robert S. Brew- ;
i ster, same, $1.
j John J. Skehan and as administrator of es
tate of Maria Skehan by Charles Ashton' (com
missioner) to Jennie A.. Louise D. and John C. j
Brickell (executors estate of -John Brickell),
lot on N line of Sixteenth street, 172 W of Va- !
: lencia, W 20 by N 100; $2112.
Rachel B. Richardson to B. P. Wag^ener
(trustee for Belle L. Everest), lot on NE corner
of Dolores and Nineteenth streets, E 120 by X !
100: also lot on E line of Dolores street, 100 N \
of Nineteenth, E 110 by N 26:6: $1000.
Emily H. Pearce to Eckhard and Anna K. ■
Ebert. lot on W line of Diamond street, 198:4
S of Eighteenth. S 24:8 by W 123; $10.
May L, Susan E. and Harriet J. Rhodes.
; Sarah E. and Perley D. Smith (all by O. T. i
Schuck, attorney) to Hugh McC^um. lot on E I
line of Kearny street, 69:6 N of Sutter, N 20:6 ]
by E 40; ISOOO. • .-.-■■■- „; .. ,
' Philip or Philip A. Fisher to same, undivided i
half of lot on E line of Kearny street. 59:6 N !
| of Sutter. N 20:6 by E 40: also quitclaim. inter- i
| est in estate of -Charlotte B. Taylor, No. 11,712; i
I $1». . — ■ ■ ; .
George E. and Emmellne L. Bates to Philip
Fisher, lot on E line of Kearny street, 59:6 N '
of Putter, N 20:6 by E 40. quitclaim deed; $10.
W. F. and -Paula -Williamson, B. L. and
Nellie E. Hodghead to Hugh McCrum. '. undi
vided, one-fortieth, same; $10.
Jane Van Duzer. et al. to same, undivided
one-third, same;- $10. •
. Same to same, same (quit-claim deed); $10.
Julian H. and Hattie F. Sleeper to same, unV
divided one-eighth', same; $10.
Hal S. Taylor (or Nathaniel Sleeper) and
Grace Sleeper (or Grace S. Taylor) to same
I undivided one-eighth, same; $10.
■ Emanuel and Theresa Lewis to Ng Moon ; Ho
Shee. lot on E line of Stout's alley (Ross). 75 i
I N of Washington street; also 204:6 W of Du
| pont, N 62:6 by E 67: $10.
Richard H. McDonald, to William H. Nolan
I lot-on SW line of Rltch street. 125 SE of Fol
j som. SE 25 by SW 75; also lot on NW line of
i Clementina street, 175 SW of . First. SW 25 by
X\V SO (quit-claim deed); $10. : V ,
John SatchwHl to Herman F. Suhr lot on
SE line of Mission street, 350 SW of Seventh
SW 25 by SE 160; $10. ° seventh,
_ Albert and Malvina Gallatin *to Frank L.
Brown, block 402. bounded by Kentucky, Mann!
! Illinois and Army (Colusa) streets- $10 ■
Maurice Haley to Eugene J. Keller, lot on
II by ne w°i2o; "in avenue - 30 ° s . of I street. S
John Campbell ta, John , A Campbell, lot 42.
block City Land Association; $1.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
Lizzie and Silas ■ Dimock to Joshua Wharton.
\S l on E corner of » East Fifteenth street and
Twenty-first avenue, BE 50 by NE 140 block
24. San Antonio, East Oakland- $10 ' blo<?k
_ Mrs., A. B. Woods to Dora B. Miller, lot 9."
Gardner Tract, Brooklyn Township- $S7S '
,. Fred , L Miller to Emily J. Miller, lot on E
I line of Cherry street, 175 S of Jones avenue. S
50 by E lofl being ; lot IS. ; block 20, : Warner
Tract, Brooklyn; Township: $10 . . - -.-■ ■;
;•■ AC Berthier. A. ■E. Shaw and Elmhurst
! Land^Company to Isabelle and Louis Parsons,
lots 9S, 99 ; tx'd 100, Map of Elmhurst Park
Brooklyn Township; $10 - . .
THE CALL^ CALENDAR.
May. 1898.
~
;;2'|
.■3
10
IT 1
I
I We
t
11-
is
Fr.
ti
13
20
14
21
23
I ■ Moon's Phase*.
©I Pull Moo.i.
May 5.
.prLast Quarter
v& May 12. V;
y-v New Moon. ;
a •-; May 20. ■.-.;;
May 20.
-akFirst'Quarter,
-3?' Mnv2-<.,->-
J3_
1J
15
a"
16
24
U
25
2ti
r -
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A brsnch of the TTnited States Hydrographle
Office, located the Merchants' Exchange, is
I maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expenße.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand j
tor comparison and reference, and the latest I
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to ■ navigation and all matters
or interest to ocean commerce. -
■ The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill -is hoisted about ten minutes befora
noon and is dropped at noon, 1 120 th meridian.
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the ; United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island, Cal. •' ' '•■ " •_,,-■
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any, la
published the tame day by the afternoon
papers and by the morning papers the follow-.
day j. t., McMillan, / ]
- ■. K. ■ Assistant In charge.! J
SIN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The -.igh and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minut-s later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
■ MAT— MM. . .
Tuesday, May 3.
Sun rid** 5:10
Sun sets _\i;-- T:08
Moon 5et5....... 3-06 a. m.
I T]me I peet j I Feet i Time I peet j Time I
IL, Wi H Wi L W iH Wl
31 3:U4i UM i>:H.i 4.i> ?:£)|
4 3«1 0.-l 10:.Ti 4.3 8:39
ft] 4:31 — 0.3 1 11:38 4.3 4:0!)!
61 5:17 — U.ti 13:W 4.4 4:511
717 1 6:03 — ll.y 1 :■---> 4.4 6.: ST
8 0:52 — 1.1 2:22 4.4 6:29
HWL W H W
9 OKt 5 9 7:5! —1.0 3:?:<
1U 1:23 fi..S S :■».<' —U 7 4:25
2.01 9:08 1 b.i
2.2 9:40 6.8
2.5 10:1- 6.i
2.* 10:58 tl.O
3.1 ll:ii 60
3.2
L W
4.4 7:32 3.3
4.5 6:48 34
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
I the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
day in the order of occurrences as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
I last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
j given are additions to the soundings on tha
| Vntted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtractive front
the depth given by the charts. The plane nj
t reference is tRe moan of the lower low waters.
STKAMKRS TO ARRIVE.
Steamek.
Crescent City.. I Crenceni City May i
Coos Bay ..... Newport May
Tltanla. Nan.iimo — May i
Valencia Alaska.. May i
Oregon Portland May i
Mar1p05a....... Sydney May I
Chilkat Humboldt ..... May t
Pomona San Dlejjo .. May !
Areain Coos Bay May (
Wellington Departure Bay May «
Orizaba . Humooldt... May (
Coiumoia I Portiana — May 1
Homer Humboldt - May 1
City Piiftv.a . . . Victoria & Pu?et Sound .. May 1
City of Peking. Chios and Japan — May 1
SaiiJose I Panama -....May ',
City of Sydney .: Panama May!
Willamette.... I Seattle May i
Nortn Fora ! lumooiat - May !
Santa Kosa ... «an Die^O May !
State or Cai Portiana May l(
Curacao Mexico May II
M
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
STTAMKR. I DESTtN-ATIOV^
Sail's.
late of Ca! j
anui Rosa
'enus
enator
ileveland.. !
ieaiandla..
lertD Fork j
loo** Bay.. I
r alencla... I
hiikat .... •
i Portland
i San Die?o —
&Japan
Pusret Sound .
Pu^et Sound..
Honolulu
Humboldt ...
Newport
I Alaska
I Humboldt....
Humbo'.dt
Portland.. ...
Vie & P?t Sna
! Coos Bay
I San Dletro —
I Humboliit ....
! Portland
Panama.
Newport... .
China A.Japan
May 3. ID am
May 3. 11 am
May 3. 1 pm
I May 4.10 am
May 4. 12 m
May 4, 2 pm
May 4. 9am
May 5. aam
May 5. ...
May 5. 2 PM
I May 5. 10 AM
May fi. in am
May 6. 10 AM
May 6, 10 am
May 7. 11 am
Miv B. 10 am
May 9. Id am
May y. 12 m
May St. -JAM
Nay 10. 1 VM
Pier 11
Pier 11 •
PM S3
Pier 9
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier i
Pier U.
Pier is
Pier ii
Pier »
Pier 13
I Pier U
i Pier" »
; Pier 12
PM S3 ■
!Pior It
pm'ss
amoa j
irfjroo .... I
imatilla. .. |
treats.... '
'0;n0n:i.. ...
•nzaba.. .- j
olumb.a..
icapnlco. . '
10mer....
raelic... ... !
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange, San Francisco, May
2, 1898.
The time ball on Telerrraph Hill was dropped
exactlj at noon to-day— i. c.. at nnon of th«
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. GceenwtGli
time. J- T. McMILLAN.
Assistant in charge. .
SH»P: j IaG IJiTELLIGK.NCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, May 2. . •
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, 61 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports. . • • ."
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 23 hours firom, ■
Port Harford. - - . ■'• ,-■- •".-'••
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, 32 hou'rs_ front. •
Ventura. ■ : ■ ~ * ' ' - : ' '- •
• Stmr North Fork, Bash. 26 hours from > Euri'
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefield. 85 hours from Ta-<- .
coma.. ■ • ■ *-' •
Schr Maria E Smith, Gallop, 6 days from ■ :
Grays Harbor. ■ .'■-•.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo- .
dega. '_• '•' :': ' ■
• CLEARED. .' "•.
Monday, May 2. '.-
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ' •:"'"•","•-..
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. ,"„ J,u"
Schr North Bend, Schmehl, Bristol Bay; C B.-
Whitney & Co. ' "- * .
Schr J N Ingalls, Benedlktson, Mazatlan; G .
D Bunker & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, May 8. ■
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Stmr Laguna, Peterson. ',-•'?,.<
Stmr Orizaba. Parsons, Eureka.
Rus bark Bering. Gronberg, Petropaulovskl.
Schr North Bend, Schmehl. Bristol Bay.
Schr J Eppinger. Colstrop, Stewarts Point.
Schr Nettie Sundborg, Johnson.
RETURNED;
Monday, May 2.
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, hence April 28, for
Grays Harbor, returned on account of spring-*
ing a leak. „
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— May 2, 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, S\V; velocity, 16 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Alden Besse * loads mdse- for Honolulu;
E B Sutton,.coal at Comox for Honolulu; Deo
can, wheat at Portland for Europe, 27s 6d.
SPOKEN.
April 15 — Lat 36 N, long- 3-9 W, Br bark: An
amba, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
April 13— Lat 33 N. long 44 W. Br Bhlp Th«
Hahnemann. hence Dec IS. for London.
March 9— No lat, long 2S W, Br bark Kil
meny, hence Dec 9, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
■ LONDON, April Cargo of the bark Sar-. :
atiac. at Hollo, previously reported seized by
Spaniards, has been liberated.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Ida McKay— 29— At 11 a. m. in lat
36 31 N. long 125 36 W. shipped a sea over port
side smashing the yawl, and also sprang a leak
during a NW gale. Made 2 feet of water every
8 to 10 hours. '
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— May 1 -Ship Dashing
Wave, from Skaguay. .
• EUREKA— Arrived May I— Stm Fulton, hnc«
May 30; stmr Chilkat, hence May 29.
TATOOSH— Passed May I— U S stmr Man
zanita, from Tacoma, for . May 2— Sen Ly
man D Foster, from Port Blakeley. _.
FORT BRAGG— April 2— Stmr Co
quille River, hence April 1. , -
ASTORIA— SaiIed May 2-^Stmr Oregon, for
San Francisco; Ger ship Alice for — • .-•
Arrived May 2— Stmr Columbia, hence April .
f 30; Ger stmr Taifu. from Vladivostok.
1 NEWPORT— SaiIed May -2— btrar Huenema,
f °SA S N n D^fG« C^Sailed May 2-Br bark Wool
ah pORT f °( r ;AMm k X -Arrived May 2-Chil bark
Guinevere, from Iquinue. 2-Br ships Lord
TACCSX-Anived May 2-Br ships Lord
Ripon and CreßSington, from Vancouver. .
| Sailed May 2-Stmr Valencia,, for San Fran
° BOWENS U LANDING -Arrived May 1-Schr
ii MSM SS E iNWo« e >T." ce s A aV. r e<\ May 2-Stmr Whites
boro, for San Francisco. ,
Arrived May I— Stmr Alcatraz, hence April
1 30 v•' ' '
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May I— Schr Chaa
i E Falk. from Kan Pedro. .
... TATOOSH— Pawed May 2-Stmr Valencia,
from Seattle., for San Francisco. • _ ;
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 2— Stmr
Mineola, '.for Comox. .
! SEATTLE— Arrived May I— Ship Occidental,
fr SEATTLE-Arrived May 2— Stmr Humboldt.
't'iLLa'mOOK— Sailed May 1-Stmr Scotia, for
| San Francisco.'. , _," 
. SEATTLE— Arrived May 2— Bark Columbia,
rr ° m>ea ". EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— CIeared April 30— Ship Cyrus
Wakefield. for San Francisco, and sailed May 1.
FOREIGN PORTS.
BEACH HEAD— Passed April 30— Br ship
Annie Maud," hence Dec 12. for Queenstown. ,-
HARFLEUR— Passed April 29— Br ship Lord
Rosebery. from Tacoma. ■ -^ 
> PRAW/LE POlNT— Passed April 29— Br ship
Pegasus, hence Dec ; 4. for Dunkirk.
FALMOUTH— Arrived April 30— Br ship
' Thirlmere, '. from * fan Diego, and proceeded to
\ Hull: Br ship Ell island, hence Dec 2, and pro
ceeded to Bordeaux. ■•■>• .^^_^^___^_ •"«
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of Locarno, Switzerland, and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
. : • 524 Montgomery : street, San Francisco. ;
Paid up capital and reserves ...... $20,000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking .
business transacted. ' .-'."-. w^
Interest; paid' on savings deposits. ■ If
' Loans on approved real, estate security and "
on commercial paper. - -"• '. •
•; ■-. ■■ . •.-■_•. DIRECTORS: '.■-;* \
Ernst A. Denicke, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued.
E. Martinoni, -F. C. Siebe,: A. Tognazilnl. H.
Brunner. - McD. ; R. Venable. "J.- C. Bauer, F.
Kronenberg, Chas. Martin, C. Gehret," : F. Tog-ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MAY HAVE HID
HIS LAST WILL
Life History of Peter
Christensen, Who
Died Rich.
His Estate to Be Settled Up
With a Minimum of
Litigation.
Only One Woman Was Ever Known
to Have Been Seen on
His Ranch.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, May 2.
Rarely has a large estate, over which
hung all the elements of a bitter and ex
pensive contest, been settled more quietly
or more prosaically than that of Peter i
Chriptensun, xi hermit of San Joaquin
County, who died several months ago.
Christensen's life, while not particular- ,
ly romantic, has been one of interest from
the time be was left a little orphan boy
on the island of Islon, in Germany, to the I
tin.c he died, leaving property valued at j
(150,000 In this and San Joaquin counties.
The old man. so far as can be ascertained,
I not leave a will, although it is said
' c was drawn up some years ago. But
he left four heirs in Germany and a
friend near rlaywards, if true, shows that :
the deceased evidently intended to leave
him a goodly legacy. • .
William K rough, who has just learned i
the addressee and names of the German
heirs, lives on a ranch in Castro Valley,
about five miles from Haywarda. He is
perhaps the only living man that knows
the history of Christenaen, and if he were
not so unselfish and philosophical the
way would not be difficult for him to cre
ate much trouble fur the deceased's rela
tives. As it is. Krough has agreed to a
very easy solution of the distribution of
th< estate. ■
"My father and Peter Cbristensen first
became friends in Germany many years
. . said Mr. Krough at nis ranch yes
terday. "My father has often told me
iry, and so has Christensen, of how
the torn": >r found little Peter, an orphan,
riended him. My father took him
Into lii.s house and they werecosstant com
9, or perhaps it i.s more truthful to
ta> that Peter was like one of the family
until my father died. In the early sev
.• • my father and Christensen came to
y ■ nia, and on their arrival they Bet
• tied in Alameda County. Christens
Uved hen and worked for my father for
years, and afterward went to
Stockton. 1!«.- way a very careful, tftrifty
man, and a>. soon as be arrived at Stock
. to deal in horses and
was not long before he had
a little place of his own. While he was
g with vis. i have many t ■
him say that he intended to leave to our
family anything he might own at the
f his death. He preferred a single
being married, ami lived up I
preference all his life. We were always
I with the fact that he had
>usins living in Germany, and I
was the ilrst one 19 notify them of bis
v that no will was found. I have .
Bin d letters from them, and now
their interests arc- in the hands of Att
neys Budd and Thompson of Stock)
:•(.:. risteiisen was in some respects a
man. He was a great work< r
■ remarkably carefuL At the tame time :
ly generous. He would
. one tlint cane to hi? ranch
would beg of them to stay a few day^.
cned to have but one article in his
md it was that anybody who asked
anything needed It more than he did,
■ and he generally gave it.
showed the least desire for
the companionship of women, and the
. only time I remember of a woman being
'on his place was when my motner would
go there occasionally and fix up his house
f<r r him. Christensen often had large
■ quantities of money on hand, and hid it
CHILDREN'S DAY AT THE CHUTES.
Acres of HaDDU Boys and Little Girls, Like a Field Full of Sweet Roses, Rome
and Plau, View the Menagerie and Shoot the Chutes Till Night,
- : -Yesterday was May day at the Chutes. Managerial foresight had provided many thousands of children with tickets,
■free of charge. The result of this liberality was visible early in the day. A procession that would reach from the Pre
sidio to the Potrero was alive and moving chuteward before noon, and by 2 p. m. Young America owned everything in
sight-
Imagine an overflow from all the schools, which were closed in honor of May day. said overflow pouring in a restless
stream through the turnstiles for hours— and that is one view of the situation. Once within the inclosure, the scene was
one- vast picture of romping childhood— yelling, singing, riding elephants, loading down the merry-go-round, playing with
the monkeys, studying Chiquita's antics, shooting the chutes, riding over the scenic railroad and yelling out of the bub
' b\lng exhilaration of childhood's happy hours.
The eye beheld boys by the acre and girls like a field full of sweet roses. They had forgotten their lessons, cast
aside their books and turned themselves out for a day of uninterrupted sightseeing ajid play. Thousands viewed the ani
mals in the menagerie and thousands shot the chutes. The auditorium show was repeated for the benefit of those who
could not get in the first time, and the day wore away amid revelry, Joy being uninterrupted to the last.
Next to the monkey gymnasium, where Phil Hastings' trained goat played with the monkeys and coons, dogs and
badgers for the benefit of the multitude, the old elephant. Jolly, was the center of attraction. He made scores of trips
.■With his back lo.uled with children, who fed him grass and peanuts, candy and corn, until the sun sank In the west
■ and the great beast was tied to his stake for the day.
The Board of Education allowed tickets to the free show to be distributed in the schools last week, and the day
was therefore long looked forward to by the children as a time for unbridled amusement. So by the time the shadows
had grown long on the hilltops the children were satiated and ready to go to their homes with the memory of such a
throrg of their own kind as they had never seen before and as they may never see or enjoy In the same way again.
about the house and grounds. Ho at
tached very little value to money, and
although he U6ed but little himself, he
always had plenty to give away or hide
It would not surprise me at all if a will
were to be dug up from his place of con
cealment in his house or round about. I
remember on one occasion he sheltered a
man all night, and after his guest left
next morning Christensen found that the
visitor had taken $000 with him. When
asked what he intended to do about it.
Chnstensen replied: 'Oh, let him go; he
needs it more than I do.'
"When he died I expected to hear of a
will; but I understand search has been
made and that one cannot be found. 1
was naturally somewhat d.sappointed,
but I do not care much, as I own a ranch
and some town property, and do not par
ticularly desire to be a n llionaJre. After
verifying the details of Christensen's
death I wrote a letter to the Mayor of
my home in Germany and secured from
him a certificate showing that the rela
tionship between my father and Chris
tensen haxl begun as I have previously
stated. The certificate is also signed by
an official there who was the Judge when
we left Germany. Father had some of
Christensen's savings at that time and
turned them over to this Judge, whose
testimony now is particularly valuable to
"As soon as the property is properly
administered upon and ordered to be dis
tributed I will be appointed the heirs rep
resentative and take charge of it for their
interest. This much has already been de
cided upon. There is money enough in
the bank. I believe, to pay all expenses
give each of the heirs a good present and
to keep the real property in good shape.
The cousins in Germany need the money
worse than I do. but I shall be paid for
all that I do for thorn. The rest of the
estate consists of land, horses, bonds in
the Dnion Navigation Company and per
sonal property."
Notice of the existence of the heirs has
been filed in the Superior Court of San
Joaquin County. The cousins are: Hans
C. Thorelsen, Mrs. Catherine M. Jacob
sen, Mrs. Christine M. Wolf and Mrs.
Helen A. Haverner. It la said to be easy
of proof that there are no more heirs and
the estate left by the thrifty but generous
old bachelor will soon be distriouted.
Armstrong on Musicians.
OAKLAND, May 2— William Arm
strong, the well-known musical critic of
Chicago, lectured to-night at the Urst
Unitarian Church on his personal talks
with many prominent musicians
The anecdotes of and talks with Nlco
lini. Patti, Damropch. Abbey. Melha. Nor
dica Calve, De Reszke, Paderewskt and
many others were very realistic, ihe lec
turer has been to Craig-y-nos, has be
come as familiar with great men nnd wo
men on the stage as in their parlors and
can talk of them as private as well as
public people. _
Nc Expert Testimony.
OAKLAND. May 2.-The Board of Su
pervisors to-day rejected the claim* of
l>rs J P. Dunn, O. B. Hamlin and B. A.
Rube for £50 each, being claims for ex
pert medical testimony. This action was
taken after receiving the District Attor
ney's opinion. He also decided that the
board had no authority to change <jm
names of school districts. That power
rests solely with the courts.
A NARROW ESCAPE.
Borax Works Employe Falls Into a
Vat of Boiling Chemicals.
AIiAMEDA, May 2.— Frank Smith, of
1515 Mozart street, an employe of the
borax works, had a narrow escape from
■ r death ono day last week, the par
ticulars of which have just been made
public. He was employed about the tanks
in which the borax is boiled, and in pass
ing from one to another stepped on a
plank, which turned and plunged
him into one of the great vats in which
was about two feet of hot liQuid. He
struck on his side, but fortunately re
tained his presence of mind and pulled
himself out instantly. His legs from the
knees down were terribly burned, and his
hands, arms and sides were also scalded.
His clothes protected him to some extent,
but if he had not extricated himself as
soon as he did he must have perished. He
is resting comfortably and will recover.
Alameda News Notes.
\LAMBDA, May 2.— The funeral of Captain
John G. Harding of this city, who died yes
terday, -will be heM on Wednesday afternoon
from the Masonic Tomple in San Francisco.
Tlip volunteer members of Company G are
being drilled nightly r>y the officers of the
regular company.
- were two Alamedans In the fight at
Manilla. Theodore H. Simpson, brother of
Captain Simpson of Company Q. Is in the engi
neer's department of the Boston, and Verd^nal
'.'•■■ ley, son of Mrs. Kinssbury Cooley, the act
ress and playwright. Is on board the Petrel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1898.
FOUND STARVING
YET WEALTHY.
Mystery of the Woman
Rancher of Contra
Costa.
Search Being Made for Friends
of Eccentric Mrs. William
Kreigher.
Dresses in Hags and Sacks, Yet Has
a Bank Account In San
Francisco.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 2.
Mrs. William Kreigher, the mysterious
woman of Pinole, is now sick unto death
at her ranch house, about six miles from
the depot. She was discovered a few
days ago by some callers— for she had
few acquaintances and less friends — in a
sick and squalid condition, although she
is generally supposed to be wealthy.
Mrs. Kreigher has lived many years on
her ranch, and many stories have been
told of her supposed wealth. A few
months ago a photographer who was in
that neighborhood obtained the first pic
ture of this peculiar woman that was ever
taken, and although he worked with an
ordinary camera she was not aware of
his purpose.
Arthur Logan of this city was taking a
trip through Contra Costa County when
he discovered this eccentric woman. She
was clad in the wrecks of many gar
ments, appeared to be about 60 years of
age, and suffered no one to enter her
house.
For many years she was never known
to leave the premises except to make an
annual visit to San Francisco. On these
occasions the woman would wear an ele
gant silk dress and shoes. At all other
times she wore rags, sacks and almost
went with bare feet. On her annual trip
it was stated that she went to her bank
ers in San Francisco and deposited the
result of her year's hard work and thrift.
All kinds of estimates of her wealth have
been made, but no one knows authorita
tively whether she Is worth $1000 or $20,000.
Certain it is that she never let any one
into the secret.
The woman has not been seen on her
ranch for some time, and this caused
some inquiry' to be made. People wont to
the house, which they found in a horrible
condition, and the woman said she had
been sick for over a month and had been
but poorly fed and nourished. She is now
being cared for, and interested parties are
trying to discover whether she ha.s any
relatives in this part of the world who
might be persuaded to look after her in
her old age. _____
LEFT ALL FOB HIS WIDOW.
Caleb Sadler's Estate, Valued at
$16,0C0, for Her Use.
OAKLAND, May 2.— Mrs. Lydia B.
Sadler has filed the will of her late hus
band, Caleb Sadler of Berkeley, who died
in St. Helena April 23, for probate. The
personal property is valued in the peti
tion as follows:
Cash, $239 07; household furniture,
library, etc., valued at $1000; stock and
credits at 537 Market street, San Fran
cisco, valued at $12,000; two shares of
Brooklyn Investment and Lnan Associa
tion, valued- at $120: three shares of the
Renton Coal Company stock, value un
known. The real estate consists of three
pieces, one on Vermont street, near
Twenty-fourth, Ran Francisco, IfQxKK)
feet, valued at $750; lot in Oakland, on
East Twentieth street and Eleventh ave
nue, 100x100 feet, valued at $65>0; another
lot, 50x150 feet, on Eleventh avenue and
East Twenty-nr»t street, valued at $500.
The total value of the estate is placed at
116,000.
The children are Frank E. Sadler, Mrs.
Bertha B. Denbigh and William T. Sad
ler of Berkeley, Charles M. Sadler and
Mrs. TVelton J. Phillips of Alameda and
Mrs. Ada E. Nelson of Santa Clara
County. The entire estate is left to the
widow, to go the children at her death,
share and share alike.
STRUCK BY A LOCAL TRAIN.
Knocked From the Seventh-street
Trestle and Died in an Hour.
OAKLAND, May 2.— The 2 o'clock local
train across the Estuary on the Seventh
street bridge is supposed to have struck
and knocked an unknown man into the
water and mud beneath. He was dragged
out by means of a rope and removed to
the Receiving Hospital. His head and
ribs on the right side were badly frac
tured and he died before 3 o'clock.
On his person was found a free peddlar's
license granted to D. J. Nelson, January
4. He had a G. A. li- receipt in the name
of George Oakley, dated Los Angelos,
September 12, IM>3, from Frank Bartlett
Post No. C>. There was also a card bear
ing the name F. C. Nelson, 1003% Broad
way. Inquiries make at the address
failed to find any one who knew such a
person.
The dead man was removed to the
Morgue. He is apparently about 60 years
of age and was minus one eye. He is sup
posed to have been walking across the
bridge, and this would indicate that he
was a stranger here, as there is a foot
and wagon bridge only one block north
of the one he was on. He might have
fallen from a car platform.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, May 2.— .1. W. Moore, watchman
of the County Treasurer's office, narrowly es
caped bein- killed last night. He was thrown
from a bugg^- at Sixth and Franklin streets,
and suffered a severe Kcsly wound, contusion
of the i-*g.,t side and a badly wrenched spine.
He was treated at the Receiving Hospital.
John McVey Ward la held at the Receiving
Hospital as a suFiiertfd Insane Datient. He
recently came here from Merced County, and
the officials believe he is suffering frnm too
much liquor. He was picked up unconscious
at Broadway and Second street th!s morning.
Chiquita will arrive in her tiny brougham
and pony, a present from ex-President Grover
Cleveland, to-morrow. She will open her re
ception at lOCO Broadway at 2 p. m., and will
undoubtedly attract great throngs.
The will of the late Christian Bauer was
presented for probate to-day by Flora E. and
George C. Bauer, children of tt.e deceased.
The property is valued at 165,000, with $4000
personal property. These two, aged 25 and 23
respectively, and Louisa X., aged 17, are the
sole heirs. __________________
"TOO FEARFUL
TO CONTEMPLATE"
Attorney McDonald on De
mocracy Without
Music
Martial Strains for Budd Ars Still
Charged Up Against the
Committee.
Oakland Office Sah Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 2.
The Democratic campaign in this county
starts out seriously handicapped. Alameda
! is a sensitive county. It is always willing
! to be stirred to its center and to be en-
I thused to its very depths, provided the
right means are used to do the stir
ring and the enthusing. In the past this
political county has always gone wild at
election time, partly over the principles
i that the different political parties have
I set forth, but also in a measure by th«
' liberality of the music which has been
supplied by the respective county com
mittees.
Nearly four years ago many votes were i
made for Governor I'.udd by the beautiful
strains of the Democratic music that par
aded the streets of uakand. Everybody
was charmed with it, but everybody '
knows also that it was not paid for. There
are now on file over lifty suits against all :
the members of the old Democratic |
County Committee, and all are on appeal
in some form or another, of # which the
average mind knows withing. but which
j have for over throe years prevented the
I musicians from getting their money.
"The position is very serious," said At
j torney McDonald to-day, "and it may re- |
j suit In our having to make the Democratic
i campaign without music. Possibly there
are enough loyal Democratic musicians
who would play for the. glory there la In
it, but I will not vouch for this. Of
course, it will seriously handicap us if
there Is no music, but the county com
mitteemen who are sued cannot be ex- |
pected to shoulder the old debts of their i
predecessors. Nobody denies that when ■
the Budd campaign was on we had plenty
of music; no one denies that the bills of I
the. musicians should have been settled
long ago; but it is a fact that this busi- |
ness is Htill pending somewhere in the
court, and it would be too horrible to
contemplate that the musicians of this
county should boycott the Democratic >
campaign."
For over a year these suits have been j
sleeping, and the collector to whom these
claims were assigned has shown no desire
to have them disturbed.
ANNUAL COMMENCEMENT.
Schedule of Events Which Will Close
the Year's Wonc at
Berkeley.
BERKELEY, May 2.— Recorder James
Sutton has issued the announcement of
the annual commencement of the Univer
sity of California. The events of com
mencement week cover eight days, May
11 to 18 inclusive.
The commencement will include the fol
lowing events:
Wednesday, May 11—7 P- m.. Reception and
display of library treasures in honor of the
graduating class, at the Bacon Art and Li
brary Building.
Thursday, May 12—9 P- m., commencement
ball, in Harmon Gymnasium.
Friday, May 13— S D. m., reception to the
graduating class, by the president of the Uni
versity; 8 p. m., meeting of the California
Library Association in the Bacon Art and Li
brary Building; addresses by Professors Moses,
Clai'P and Bacon.
Saturday, May 14, class day— lo a. m., class
pilgrimage; 2 p. m.. open-air pageant and class
dispensation at Ben Weed's Amphitheater; 8
p .m., concert of the University Musical As
sociation at fchattuck Hall.
Sunday 3 p m., baccalaureate sermon, by
the Hey H. C. Minton. D.D.. the First
Presbyterian Church, corner Ellsworth street
and A listen way.
Monday,. May lfi— 2 to 6 p. m., garden party,
glvnn by Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst in honor of the
graduating class at Ilaclor.da del Poso de
Verona' 10 a. m.. Meeting of the faculties of
letters and sciences; special order, recommen
da . 'is for degrees.
Tuesday, May 17-10 a.m., meeting of the Re
gents of the University in south hall:
Bpecial order, conferring of degrees; 7:30
p m annual meeting of the Philosophi
cal Union in the lecture-room of the Phil
osophy Building; 7:30 p. m., business meet-
Ing- 8 p m., philosophical exercises; ad
dress by Professor G. H. Howlsoii; 6:30 p. in.,
decennial reunion in San Francisco of the
class of 'BS.
Wednesday, May is. cminipnooment day—
10-15 a. m.. commencement exrrcises in the
tent- address by Professor Edmund J. James
of the University of Chicago on "The Modern
University and Its Relation to Practical Life";
12:30 p til., alumni lunch and reunion in the
Harmon Gymnasium; 6:30 p. m., annual ban
quet cf the Alumni Association In San Fran
cisco.
New Baseball Captain.
BERKELEY, May 2.— Donald McLaren
'99 has been elected captain of the Uni
versity of California baseball team for
the season of 1599. The election was
made unanimous by the members of this
year's team according to the regular cus
tom. McLaren played second base on the
college nine during the past season and
is one of the most earnest and conscien
tious player* In college. During the past
season McLaren has not missed a single
night's practice on the diamond except
when laid off on account of injuries or
by direction of Coach Cochran.
The new captain has mad a the college
nine every year since he has been in col
lege. In '96 he played shortstop, in - '.<7
shortstop and left field and this year he
took the place formerly filled by Cap
tain Elston '97. at second base. Before
entering college he played baseball at the
Lowell High School, San Francisco, from
which he graduated in ISPS.
McLaren is the son of Superintendent
John McLaren of Golden Gate Park. For
years even before he entered the High
Sshool he played ball in the park. There
are few amnteur ball players in San
Francisco who do not know him, at least
by reputation. "Scotch." as the Berkeley
players familiarly call him, has praeti
caify captained the infield during the past
season, and his election as captain to suc
ceed "Diddy" Hoag has met with unani
mous satisfaction by the blue and gold
supporters.
BRITT'S SPASM
OF ECONOMY
Opposed to Granting the
Taxation Committee
an Expert.
Mayor Phelan Places His Con
tingept Fund at the Mem
bers' Disposal.
Quick Consumption Meters Caused
the Veto of the Electric Light
Company's March Bill.
About the only ripple to mar the seren
ity of the meeting of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday was the refusal of
Britt and his followers to grant the Com
mittee on Assessments and Taxation an
expert to prepare figures to fight an in
creased assessment already threatened by
the State Board of Equalization.
It is not at all probable that the action
of the majority was prompted by motives
of economy, but because they would have
no hand in naming the export, that duty
devolving upon the committee, which con
| sists of Clinton, chairman, Dodge and
! Lackmann.
The hostility of the majority was first
made apparent by a resolution from the
Finance Committee to indefinitely post
pone action on the request of the Assess
ment Committee to appoint an expert at
$175 a month.
Clinton opposed the resolution. He said
it was absolutely necessary that an ex
pert be employed for the next three or
four months and devote his entire time
to the work, as the members of the com
mittee could not spare the time. To re
fuse the employment of an expert would
be to practically abolish the committee,
and he would ask to be relieved from fur
ther duty on it.
Rottanzi wanted to know why Newman,
the Finance Committee's expert, could not
do the work. He had comparatively lit
tle to do now, and the Supervisor thought
he might as well be given a chance to
earn his salary.
Dodge said the work could not be done
properly by Newman, as it would require
the undivided attention of the expert for
Several months. He said that last year
the committee had been allowed an ex
pert at a cost of about $600, and he had
taved the people $100,000 by preparing
tics that induced the equalizers not
to increase the assessment of this city
and county. He, too, would decline to
B< r\e Hn the committee if it was not al
lowed iin expert.
Dodges remarks about the people being
saved $100 000 impelled Britt to move that
the Assessment and Taxation Committee
be abolished altogether. Evidently he did
not propose to give the taxpayers another
chance to escape.
Mayor Phelan announced that More
house and other equalizers had already
Intimated to him that San Francisco's
assessment was to be increased mater
ially. This brought Rottanzi to his feet
with the explanation that Dodge's re
marks had convinced him that Newman
would not be available for the commlt-
Britt's motion was lost, Hasklns and
Smith voting with Dodge, Laokmann,
Rottanzi and Clinton.
Lackmann, following the other two,
tendered his resignation as a member of
the committee, but Mayor Phelan would
not accept any of them. Instead* he
authorized the committee to employ an
expert and placed his contingent fund at
its disposal to pay the salary.
The Mayor's veto of the order author
ising the payment of $869 99 to the Edison
Klectric L,ij?ht and Power Company, for
lighting the City Hall for March, was
taken up, and Rottanzi asked that the
veto message be read. It was found that
the message was not at hand, but the
Mayor explained that his reason for veto
ing' the order was that the company's
moters in the City Hall were charging
for much more electricity than was used.
Eleven of the meters had been found to
be very fast, according to the exports
who had tested them, and he thought the
company should be compelled to make
a proper reduction in the bill.
The matter was referred to the Finar.ca
Committee with instructions to have the
bill corrected.
The Mayor's veto of the order accept
ing the sidewalks around Alamo square,
ana that of the order accepting the sew
ering of Scott street, between Hayes and
Fulton, were overruled.
Bids were received as follows: For
printing the delinquent tax list: Post. 43
c-r.ts a name; Report. 40 cents a name;
Journal of Commerce, 7 cents a name.
J. P. Devereau was removed from the
position of attendant upon insane pa
tients and John Kelley appointed in his
place at a salary of $75 a month.
The following communication was re-
C'\\i <i from City and County Attorney
CresweU relative to the purchase of land
f, ir park purposes:
May 2, UK.
To the Board of SllU«f vtaoi'B: Hv n commu
nication of the board dated Anril 28, IS9S, I
,'i.st-d r.> give an opinioif on the power
of the Board to acquire land by condemnation
or purchase for pnrk puFyowa.
The Board can acquire lnnii for such purposes
either by purchase, with the conse-it of the
owner oc by condemnation. Section 1, Act of
March 19, ISS9. <Stat. ISS9. p. 361.)
HARRY T. CUES WELL,
Attorney and Counselor.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is the complete record of
the street Improvements passed by the
Board of Supervisors at yesterday's ses
sion:
AWARD OF CONTRACTS.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick— Curbing, pav
ing, etc., to Union Paving and Contracting
Company.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
Webster, Greenwich to Lombard— Paving.
RECOMMENDED BY SUPERINTENDENT
OF STREETS.
De Long avenue, Frederick to southerly line
of former— Paving and curbs.
Chestnut, Jones to Leavenworth— Curbs and
paving.
Chestnut and Leavenworth — Paving.
Chestnut, Leavenworth to Hyde— Curbs and
De Haro, Twenty-third to center line former,
four hundred and slxty-slx feet northerly from
Twenty-third.
Westerly line of Fair Oaks, distant two hun
dred and" sixty feet south of Twenty-fifth—
Curbs, sidewalks, etc.
Fourteenth nnd Guerrero— Sidewalks.
Guerrero and Twenty-second— Sidewalks.
Alvarado and Guerrero — Same.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Arkansas, Maripoaa to Eighteenth— Grading.*
Westerly half of San Jose — Paving.
Intersection of San Jose avenue, Twenty
eighth and Guerrero— Curbs and paving.
Southeasterly corner of Hardy and Sixteenth,
southerly along- easterly line of Sixteenth for
a distnnce of one hundred feet— Sidewalks."
Lombard, Pierce to Scott— Curbing, paving,
etc.
Washington, Fillmore to Steiner—
and - paving. • .
Vallejo and Steiner— Curbs, sidewalks, cess
pools, etc.
Fourteenth and — Curbs, sidewalks,
cesspools, etc., s including southerly half "of
Fourteenth— paving. ,:
Clinton Park, easterly line of Dolores, . 250
feet east of Dolores— Pipe sewer, etc
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
San Jose avenue. Twenty-ninth to Thirtieth—
Bitumen.
Lombard, Buchanan to "Webster— Same.
Seventh. Channel to Irwln— Basalt.
Julian. Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Bitumen.
Bu?h. Broderick to Baker— Same.
Snn Jose avenue and Twenty-ninth— Same.
Greenwich and Leavenworth— Same.
McAllister and Lyon— Same.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Bryant. Mariposa to Eighteenth— Paving.
Sixteenth, Market to Sanchez— Same.
BIDS ORDERED REJECTED.
Fifteenth avenue, California tv Lake— Sewer,
PRIVATE CONTRACTS.
Twenty-fifth avenue. Point Lobos avenue to
Clement— Property-owners may pave.
The fac-simile ST& _fl<?/ _t />- **' is on every /wrapper
signature of - C&<»&x7a£&£ of CASTOEIA.
Twenty-first, Harrison to Potrero avenue—
To City Improvement Company.
Page, Baker to Lyon. including crossing—
Property-owners may pave.
Fifteenth avenue, California to Lake—Prop
erty-owners may lay sewer.
A. Fifth avenue to Sixth— Same.
Page. Webster to Fill more— Property-owners
may pave.
EXTENSION OF TIME GRANTED.
Polk. Greenwich to Lombard— To Warren &
Malley, 90 days on grading.
Linden avenue. Franklin to Gough— To J. J.
Dowling, 60 days on paving.
Masr.nlo avenue, Hayes to Fell— Same.
Stanyan. Oak to Frederick— To City Improve
ment Company, (0 days on paving.
Bernartl, Taylor la Jones— To Flinn &
Treacy, 60 days on paving.
Jones, Pacific to Broadway— Same.
Page and Lyon— To Flinn & Treacy, 30 days
on same.
Sutter, Grant avenue to Kearny— To Union
Paving Company, 30 days on same.
Sutter and Grant avenue— Same.
Post. Montgomery to Kearr.y— To E. W. Ful
ler. 30 days on paving.
Post and Stockton— To San Francisco Paving
Company, 30 days on same.
Post and. Grant avenue— Same.
Filbert. Van Ne^s avenue to Franklin— To
City Improvement Company, 60 days on paving.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Seventeenth, Ashbury to Stanyan— Fred Lef
fler, for extension of time on contract.
Sixth avenue south, H to — M. C. Hogan.
for extension of time to pave.
Hermann, Valencia to Market— Property own
ers to pave.
Hermann and Webster— Mrs. L. T. Allen, for
i sidewalk.
Hayes and Scott— F. W. Kenerleber, for
same, same.
Clipper, Sanchez to Noe— Property owners, for
laying sidewalks.
Seventh, Berry to Channel, Including cross
ing — Property owners, for paving.
Stark, Stockton, easterly— John R. Morton,
for release from contract to pave.
Sixteenth and Hardy— W. J. Hesthal, for a
delay In awarding contract for sidewalks.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Devisadero, Greenwich to Lombard—
owners, against paving.
Broderick, Lombard to Chestnut— Herbert C.
Law, against paving.
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut— Same.
Devieadero, Greenwich to Lombard — Same.
Lombard and Chestnut Same. ;
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
Clayton, Waller to Frederick— favor of
paving.
Fifteenth avenue, California to Lake— Against
acceptance of bids for sewer.
Market, Fifth to Taylor; Fourth, Market to
Mission; Harrison, Main to Spear; Bryant.
Sixteenth to Seventeenth — In favor of having
proposals laid over.
Laguna, Hay to North Proposal to
construct sewer, etc., laid over.
Laguna and North Point— Same.
Laguna, North Point to Beach— Same.
Harrison, Fifth to Sixth— favor of co
operating with railway company to reduce
grade and pave.
Market, crossings of Fifth and Sixth— ln fa
vor of same to pave.
Ashbury, Seventeenth to Clayton— ln favor of.
grading.
Eighteenth, Ashbury to Uranus — Same.
De Long. avenue, Frederick to Flint Tract—
Property-owners may pave.
Ashbury, Seventeenth to Eighteenth — fa- j
vor of grading, paving, sewering, etc.
Twenty-first, Harrison to Potrero avenue — |
Property-owners may pave.
Twenty-fifth, Point Lobos avenue to Clem- |
ent—ln favor of construction of sewer.
Page, Baker to Lyon. including crossing — !
Property owners may pave.
2127 Jones — In favor of removing obstruction I
on sidewalks.
A, Fifth to Property owners may con
struct fewer.
Fifteenth, California to Lake — Same.
Mission, Twenty-second to Twenty-third —
Against sidewalks.
Putnam, Portland avenue to Jefferson — In fa
vor of grading, paving, sewering, etc.
Page, Webster to Flllmore — Property own
ers may pave.
Other petitions reported on adversely or filed.
SWINDLED AN
OLD RANCHER
George Russell of Ari
zona the Victim of
Two Friends.
They Rob Him of His Money
and Leave Him Stranded
in Eureka.
A preconcerted plan to rob an old man
of all the money he possessed In the
world was exposed by the police yester
day, when J. B. Johnson was booked at
the City Prison on a charge of grand
larceny.
It appears that George Russell, who
is 81 years of age, sold his ranch in
Arizona for $600. Old as he was, he had
the ambition to go to the Klondike to
join in -*c search for gold. J. B. Johnson
and T. Meadows knew of his intention
and agreed to accompany him to the gold
fields.
They arrived here on April 23 and reg
istered at the International Hotel. Next
morning Russell discovered that the $600
which he had received for his ranch had
disappeared. He had the money secreted
in his clothes, but it had been stolen. He
complained to Johnson, and he told him it
would be all right, and that day Johnson
put him on the boat to Eureka, telling
him that they were going to Seatte.
When they arrived at Eureka Johnson
took the old man to a hotel and, making
some excuse, left him there. Johnson
sailed from Eureka on the steamer Oriz
aba, and as soon as Russell found he had
been victimized he told his story to
Sheriff Brown at Eureka, and he commu
nicated with Chief Lees.
Detectives Gibson, Wren and Dinan
wore detailed on the case, and they went
to the water front on Saturday evening
to meet the steamer Orizaba. They rec
ognized Johnson from a description of him
and followed him after he left the steamer
to the Oakland ferry ticket office, where,
after he had purchased a ticket for Oak
land, they placed him under arrest. He
protested vigorously against being arrest
ed, and said he had only $10 in his pock
ets. The detectives took him to the Harb
or police station, and on being stripped
a wad containing $260 was found sewed
up in his undershirt.
Yesterday a warrant was sworn to in
Judge Joachlmsen's court charging John
son with grand larceny, and he was
booked on the charge at the City Prison.
The detectives have been unable to find
Meadows, who is suspected of haying in
his possession half of the amount taken
from Russell, and they believe he has
gone to Seattle, where Johnson was to
join him. Chief Lees has communicated
with the Chief of Police at Seattle, and the
probability Is that Meadows will be ar
rested there and brought back to the city.
NEW DEPARTMENT STAFF.
Appointments to Be Made in the '
G. A. B.
After carefully examining into the fit
ness of comrades for promotion in the
Grand Army of the Republic, Commander
Sol Cahen has selected the following
named to servo as members of his staff
in the Department of California and Ne
vada:
T. C. Masteller. A. A. G., Lincoln Post No. I
1: A. Q- M. 0.. Eugene Wiegand. Thomas I
Post No. 2; Cterlea H. Blinn. inspector. |
Thomas Post; Henry C. Dibble. J. A., Lim-nln
Post; A. C. Hhafer. chief mustering officer, I
Stanton Post No. 55; Chas. Edelman, senior A. i
1> C Gurllelil Post No. 34; mortuary regis- '
trar J. J. Lyon, Lincoln Post. For special j
aiiJe'a-'.lo-cami< Commander Cahen will an- i
nounce thrse comrades, who have ex^'blted j
groat r.ea! and devotion during the past: Harry
Brewer. Lincoln Post No. 1 ; P. F. Walsh. I
Thomas Post No. 2; H. C. Martin, Sumner '
No. t; J. A. Andreas. Farragut No. 4: C. H. '
Goilusha. Custer No. 5; C. F. Derby. Bartlett- I
Logan No. 6; S. F. Schwartz. Phil Sheridan I
So, 7; I*, w. Carroll, Lybn No. S; Leonard J
Treyeu. Grant Post No. 9; A. Winsmore, Phil i
Krarny No. 10; J. R. Miller. Joe Hooker No.
11 .1 McC. Stllson. Halleck No. 19; F. French. !
Ellsworth No. S>: W. B. Hardacre, Rawllna I
Nr. 23; A. F. IMII. Heintzelman No. 33; J H I
Hilton. Garfleld No. 34: H. J. Wallace, John I
A. Dix No. -12; Harry J. Brown. Colonel C.'iss |
No. 4C; Robert Graham. General George G. i
Meade No. 4S: E. F. Lewis, Warren No. 54;
Truman Reeves, Cornman No. 57; Richard ,
Jones, Antietam No. 63: H. H. Taylor, Colonel
E. D. Baker No. 71: G. W. Strobi. Kit Carson
Mo. 74: H. M. P-aker. E. O. C. Ord No. S2: J. !
E. Boyd, Lockout Mountain No. SS: J. B. Me- ;
Donald, Atlanta No. 92: Benjamin Jarvis, John
AUCTION SALES.
Jfc?> fe?S Jfc±s
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
■S'Ai iv SATURDAY.
SATURDAY...... May 7, IS9B
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
J. D. HORAN'S Stock and Sale Yard,
CORNER OF TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
I will sell at public auction the property of
Messrs. Archer. West & McCullough. consist-
ing of SO head of horses, broken and unbroken,
weighing from 1000 to 1360 pounds. Stock can
be seen at above yards two days previous to
sale. S. WATKIXS. ' Auctioneer.
F. Godfrey No. S3; T. J. Frost. W. T. Sher-
man No. 86: W. A. F. Ahrberg, Belmont No.
101; C. H. Wlckman, Kennesaw No. 106; J. T.
Walling, Placerville No. 108; J. M. Young,
Chattanooga No. 116; Charles M. Dexter, River-
side No. US; John Orr. Columbia No. 141; R.
H. Brown, John C. Fremont No. 152: Henry
Whiting. Hartford No. 155: Andrew Holly-
wood, Admiral Porter No. 169; C. E. Graham.
Unity No. 171; A. J. Sprague, General A. H.
Ferry No. 173. and O. R. Coghlan, General Sol
MtTPfiith No. IT'".. ______^
/*"""% Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
• iSftfe&rfS *»—•"> KEAHXT ST. Established
RSiST §2tb' I Ki >-* for the treatment of Private
4»,iXfejW !>i*-:i.-«-s. Lost Manhood. Debility or
' C9Rft£i£SK9 disease v.-earlng ou bodyand mind and
°««SBr 'cSEfii^ skl " DiseoSHS. The doctorcures when
sJ*W»Swffl»s9 "' hers fail. Try him. Charges low.
isSs»&K§£2il ('Ki-KBiiaranlci-iJ. Callorwrite.
Or. J. F. U18.10.V Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific 2 Coast Steamship Co.
H£k* F ° R SEATTLE
!|»yP A *° tacoma
DIRECT.
The New, Elegant, Fast Steel Steamship
"SENATOR,"
Carrying Freight and Passengers Will Leave
Broadway Wharf, San Francisco, Wednesday,
May 4, 10 a. m. Ticket Office. 4 New Mont-
gomery St. GOODALL PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents. 10 Market St.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|j- Steamers leave Broadway
nPhfc__^ wharf, San Francisco.
1 tnj^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
f3p£3&B^ May 1. 6, 11. 16. 21. 26, 31, June
tIL Bffdivg^ 5, transfer at Seattle.
HH&VI^kI For Alaskan ports (from
£2£flM^flKi Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
' > M *Ssl^M Ma - V IS, June 5, -*• July 17.
August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
**i land. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Towns-
end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m.. May 1, 6.
11, 16, 21, 26, 31, June 5, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with.
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 10 a. m..
May 2, 8, 14, 20, 26, Juno 1, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. May 1. 6, 9. 13, 17, 21, 25, 23.
June 2, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. May 3, 7, 11. 15. 19. 23, 27, 31, June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m., May 12.
June 10, and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to changa
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing 1 .
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
i* © :r, t l j± n d
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Bert*
! InnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
' SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
0reg0n.....".. • April 18, 71
1 Columbia ....April .! 1 ' .10
' State of California April 24. May ]
Through T;ckets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
H. C WARD, General Agent.
630 Market St.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO..
■ ...,.- Superintendents.
~~ AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
■■■'-•■-•■j.,-  * . . ■
TO ENGLAND, ANTWERP, AND THE CON-
TINENT.
RED STAR LINE, *
NEW YORK; PHILADELPHIA. SOUTH-
AMPTON, ANTWERP.
AMERICAN LINE
yv- -V (Philadelphia-Liverpool Service.)
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL. Under BELGIAN and BRITISH
FLAGS. ■
EMPIRE LINE.
! FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
! Steamers Ohio, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indi-
, ana. 3400 tons. Conemaugh. 2100 tons (formerly
; In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line).
1 Appointed sailings from Seattle.
8. S. Ohio, June 15. S. S. Indiana, June 28.
S. S. Pennsylvania. June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fl?tt of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
. Or any of its Agencies.
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON, HAMBURG.
F. Bismarck. ..April 2 ! 1 A Victoria..... June 16
A. Victoria May 19 F. Bismarck ..June 30
F. Bismarck. ..June 2 F. Bismarck ..July 2S
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $45 up, Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW , PASSENGER SERVICE,
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DIRECT.
Phoenicia May 7 i Pretoria May 23
Pennsylvania ..May 14( Patria ....June 4
Palatla May 211 Phoenicia ......June 11
Ist Cabin $75 up. 2d Cabin $40. Steerage $2fi.
Hamburg- American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast,
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
>^9S^.£SSFIIU9&^ s - s - ZEALANDIA.
/!rB?T*tNgaiEaA faSt, for HONOLULU only.
M jb>" SS £ srß: '*' il ' ar Wednesday. May 4, 3
fHSITIftIBA P- S- m - Special party
iWl*lli£ tor HONOLULU only.
• t* 18 ""* Wednesday. May 4, J
■j^^^^—^.^ p. m. Special party
§f£iiTK!i!nd "-rife S. S. mariposa
%££& Q/lW'-llJlUy sails via Honolulu and
Y^KSE^ /?imß3l?U* Auckland for Sydney
es^* ivillJJU.tq Wednesday. May 18. at
. ..■..-.■' .■'■': ,. 2 p. m. -
' Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa. .'
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St., San Francisco.
Compapie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North
River, v foot of Morton st. Travelers OCij^
by this line avoid both transit by '=>*»'*»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160;
second class. $116. ;_- ■ , ' ' '■
LA BOURGOGNE.... .......May 7. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE..... May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE. May 21, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE.. ..May 28. 10 a.m.
LA BOURGOGNE • June 4. 10 a. m.
C&AS^N^'mNSA^AN.
TIQUE. Nol*" 'Bowling Green, ICew Toric
No 3 Bowling Green, .»ew York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. '*',-- :'./;% ;<: -
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer Monticello
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9.-45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thnr».t
Fridnys 1 P. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and S p. na.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOSGATOSand SANTA CF.U2
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
exempted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50<?:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street, Pier L U Nor lit
First street. San Jose.
1112
ATTEMPTED
TO BRAIN
HIS WIFE
Mrs. Prendergast Bru
tally Beaten by Her
Husband.
Tried to Throw a Coal-
Oil Lamp at
Her.
Claims He Is Related to the
Assassin of Mayor Harri
son of Chicago.
TAKEN TO THE HOSPITAL.
The Unfortunate Woman Bruised
About the Face and the
Body.
Mrs. Rose Prendergast. aged 22 years,
living at 1217 Mission street, was brutally
assaulted by her husband last night. Ac
cording to her story her husband returned
lmme in an Intoxicated condition and
proceeded to abuse her. When she ex
ilated with him lie struck her in the
face, knocking her down. While she lay
prostrate on the floor Prendergast, she
alleges, repeatedly struck her, bruising
her left eye and cutting her lip.
Her screams attracted the attention of
the landlady of the house, who summoned
Police Officer Campbell. Before the lat
ter reached the place Prendergast picked
up a coal oil lamp and vainly endeavored
to brain his unfortunate wife. Realizing
that he intended to seriously injure her,
the brave woman, after a short struggle,
took the lamp from him. She then at
tempted to leave the room when her bru
ta» husband seized her and endeavored to
get possession of the lamp.
• Knowing that he intended to do m©
up," remarked the abused woman, "I
threw the lamp at him, hoping to deter
him from further injuring me. It struck
him in the head, cutting a gash from
which considerable blood flowed. At this
juncture the policemen entered the room
anu placed my husband under arrest.
"1 married Prendergast when 1 was
only 14 years of age,' continued the un
fortunate woman, "Four children were
born to us, but happily for them they are
au dead. For some time past my hus
band, who supported us by peddling dry
goods, has been drinking heavily, fre
quently remaining away from home sev
eral nights at a time. He has repeatedly
threatened to kill me and taen commit
BUicide. A short time ago he broke my
jaw and 1 left him. He pleaded so hard
for me to return to him that I forgave
him and went to live with him again."
Mrs. Prendergast says that her hus
band told her that he was related to the
man who assassinated Mayor Harrison of
Chicago.
"During one of his drunken spells,
tearfully remarked the injured woman,
"he informed me that his father had died
in an insane asylum in Chicago and that
the murderer of Mayor Harrison was his
cousin. He also told me that his entire
family had a 'screw loose,' as he ex-
. pressed it, and that he was afflicted in
the same way. I became alarmed over the
assertion, hut it was not until he broke
my iaw that I concluded he was mentally
deYanged. At that time he acted like an
Insane person, and 1 left him, as I feaxed
that he would kill me."
Mrs. Prendergast. in eorroboratlon of
her story of the brutal treatment accorded
her by her husband, exhibited a bruise
over the eye and a lacerated wound on
the lip. After her husband was locked
up in the City Prison on charges of
drunkenness and battery she was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where her
wounds were dressed by Assistant Police
Surgeon Tormey. Captain Spillane intends
to see that Prendergast receives the se
verest sentence that the law allows. He
will appear against him to-day and per
sonally conduct the prosecution of his
case.
WORKMEN ARE
LOSING TOOLS
Carpenters Suffering Severely
From the Inroads of
Thieves.
Tha Police on the Trail of What
Appears to Be *n Organized
Gang.
The police of this cfty are hot on the
trail of what seems to be an organized
gang of tool thieves.
A daring robbery of this kind occurred
only yesterday, and the indications are
that the thieves went to the trouble of
bringing a horse and wagon with them to
assist in carrying away the booty. A new
building is in course of construction at
the corner of Sutter and Hyde streets,
owned by Attorney Hutton. When the
. workmen left the building the usual ter
n. porary door was apparently fastened by a
padlock, and in addition to this a trust
worthy watchman was left In charge.
When the men came back to work in
the morning they found the building had
been entereo. and whatever tools haa been
left lying loose had been carried away.
In addition to this, a complete set owned
by Walter Goff had been carried away.
Mr. Goff had carefully gathered his tools
and locked them up in his chest, but all
had been taken. Many of the tools in the
chest were new, and as tools form a large
portion (if a carpenter's stock-in-trade tne
loss was felt keenly. Another workman
also lost many new and valuable tools
the same night, and, judging from the
weight and buiK of the articles taken, the
thief or thieves must have employed a
wagon in which to carry away the booty.
The police have been put on the trail, arid
in the future all buildings in process of
construction or repair will be carefully
guarded.
A NIGHT OF SCOTCH SONG.
St. Andrew's Society Entertains Its
Friends — Picnic Next Saturday.
The members of St. Andrew's Society
■ held an open meeting last evening in
•their hall to which were invited their many
friends. There was an audience of ladies
and gentlemen who crowded the hall to
its utmost, and it was treated to a choice
programme of Scottish song and recita
tions. James S. Webster, president of the
society, presided. The vocalists were R.
D. Burncss, G. Menzies, R. Duncan,
James Hill, Miss Baumgarten, George St.
John Bremmer, A. C. Ballingall, An
drew McNair and William Balnaves,
while the recitations were by Miss .Elsie
A. Duncan. These were loudly applauded,
and each of those named was forced to
give an encore.
The president announced that the an
nual picnic of the society will be held in
Fairfax Park on Saturday next.
At the close of the meeting the entire
audience, at the request of the president,
arose and sang "The Star Spangled Ban
nerr." and then followed with "Auld
Lang Syne."
Ladles' tailor-made suits: latest designs: we
Civ* credit. M. RoUuschild, 211 gutter, r. 6 *7.
-■- -- - ■ . • ■-.-• . ■;-.-. ■■■■ ■■-.
MILLIONS OF
ACRES TIED UP
Pre-emption Settlers Must
Vacate Railroad Lands
Down South.
Decision of the Circuit Court
Reversed in Favor of the
S. P. R. R. Company.
Settlers Who Have Received United
States Patents Hold Them Only
in Trust for the Hoad.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday reversed the decree of
the Circuit Court in favor of the defen
dants in the case of the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company vs. Otto Groeck and
C. S. Merrill Jr. Judge Gilbert read the
opinion.
It recites that the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company brought suit against
the appellees to obtain a decree that the
appellees hold in trust a patent which
Otto Groeck received from the United
States to a certain tract of land, which.
It is contended, was land granted by the
United States to the railroad company by
the act of date July 27, 1860.
The decision is to the effect that the
land in controversy was, at the time of
the entry of Groeck. and at the time
when he took steps to acquire title there
to, withdrawn from settlement by the act
of the Secretary of the Interior.
After such lands have been set aside
by Congressional act, no authority Is
vested in the Secretary of th<- Interior or
in any officer of the J^and Department to
restore them or ope* them to settlement.
Nor is any right conferred upon a pre
emption settler to take advantage of such
default of the grantee.
U follows from the rulings ot the Su
preme Court that the plea of laches can
not avail the appellees. The laches la
said to consist in the long delay of the
ra^road company in constructing the
road and selecting the indemnity bonds.
The Court of Appeals was unable to see
how that delay has conferred rights upon
the pre-emption settler, or how it now af
fords him ground to impute inequity to
the company. The company owed no
duty to any intended settler upon the
public domain. The United States did not
over this land to Groeck, nor did it Invite
his occupancy or entry. He was a tres
passer on t.ie premises. His pre-emption
entry was not only void, but it was un-
The appellant and Groeck were not in |
the attitude of persons to whom the land ■,
in controversy was offered on equal
terms, giving to the first entryman the
prior right. It was offered only to the
railroad company. . _. ..
The case was remanded to the Circuit
Court fnr further proceedings consistent :
with the decision.
The principle involved In this case coy- :
ers about fifteen million acres along the
line of the road in California, Arizona .
and New Mexico.
ROSS' DECISION
IS AFFIRMED
The North Bloomfield Mining
Company Must Not
Operate.
Ii Must Comply With the Act of Con
gress Regulating Hydraulic Min
ing in Every Respect.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday affirmed the judgment of
Circuit Judge Ross in the case of the
I'nited States of America against the
North Bloomneld Mining Company. The
lower court had issued an injunction per
petually enjoining the mining company
from hydraulic mining until it should have
tiled with the Debris Commission the peti
tion set forth in the act of Congress, ac
companied by the conveyance therein
mentioned and otherwise conformed to the
rules and regulations prescribed by the
commission by virtue of that statute.
Judge Hawley rendered the decision for
the court, and in the course of his re
marks said that the references already
made and the provisions quoted clearly
showed that the act of Congress meant
just what it said. When it declares that
certain things must be done before any
permit is given, it means that they shall
be done. And if these things are not
done, as therein provided, no permit can
be issued, and if none is procured the
working of the mine by the hydraulic
process is prohibited and made unlawful.
The language and terms of the act when
viewed in the light of the history of the
times and all the surrounding conditions,
are clear, certain, positive and mandatory.
Any other view would unquestionably lead
to absurd results, which all courts declare
should be avoided in the construction of
any statute. There would be no positive
protection either to the miners, farmers or
the Government; litigation and strife,
which it was the object of the statute to
avoid, would continue to reign supreme.
Under the law mine-owners engaged in
hydraulic mining have no right to use
the streams without the permission of the
commissioners appointed under the pro
visions of the act. In other words, the
act of Congress, of itself, prohibits all
hydraulic mining unless its terms are first
complied with. The whole case is vir
tually disposed of in the conclusions al
ready reached, that the act is mandatory
and constitutional.
The navigable rivers being the property
of the nation, it follows that any injury
to them which affects the commerce of
the country is an injury to property
rights, and the mere fact that penalties
are imposed upon all parties found guilty
of violating any of the provisions of the
act does not of itself prevent the issu
ance of an injunction to protect the prop
erty rights of the Government in the
rivers. Where%'er commerce among the
States goes, the power of the nation, as
represented by the courts of the United
States, goes with it to protect and en
force its rights.
Under the provisions of the act hydraulic
mining in the territory named is pro
hibited unless the term? and conditions
which it imposes are complied with. If
these provisions are detrimental and in
jurious instead of beneficial to the mining
interests which it was intended to foster,
encourage and protect, the efforts of all
those interested in that particular busi
ness should be directed to have it re
pealed or amended instead of attempting
to evade it or destroy its efficacy. While
it remains the law on this subject it must
be obeyed.
Estates in Probate.
Francis X. Morris has applied for let
ters of administration on a $6100 estate left
by his mother, Mary Morris.
William K. Cowea has applied for let
ters of administration on an estate of
unknown value left by his father, Robert
N. Cowes.
The estate of the latp John Staude has
been appraised at $31,800.
Martha Stewart loft an estate valued
by appraisers at $2*1,165 40. .
The Socialist Suicide.
The remains of the suicide found last
Sunday at the foot of the cross on Lone
Mountain have been identifted as those
of David Boker, a native of Bavaria, 3S
years old and a baker by occupation. The
man had been dead for about a week.
Mortality Report.
The report of the Board of Health for
April shows a total of 591 deaths and 380
births. Following were the principal
causes of death: Consumption, 107; diph
theria. 20; heart disease, 62; pneumonia,
80; violence, 32.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 189 S.
MUST SATISFY
WIDBER'S BOND
Supervisors Take Steps
to Recover From the
Surety Company.
Attorney Creswell Instructed
to Begin Suit if Reis' De
mand Is Ignored.
Insurance Commissioner A. J. Clunie
Threatens to Revoke Its License
if It Ro.uses to Pay.
Acting on the advice of City and
County Attorney Creswell the Board of
Supervisors yesterday took steps to re
cover from the Fidelity and Deposit
Company of Maryland $100,000. the
amount of defaulting Treasurer Wid
ber's bond. In compliance with the re
quest of the board for an opinion At
torney Creswell sent the following com
munication:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 2, 1898.
To the Board of Supervisors: I am in
receipt of resolution No. 1056 (fourth ser
ies) requesting me to report to the board
I what steps should be taken to recover from
the Fidelity and Deposit Company of
Maryland the amount for which it is
liable as surety upon the official bond of
A C Widber, ex-Treasurer of the City
', and County of San Francisco, and to fur
i nish the board with such resolutions as
1 in my judgment should be adopted to ac
■ complish such recovery.
In my opinion an action should be com
menced at once against the Fidelity and
Deposit Company of Maryland and A. C.
: Widber upon the official bond, after prop
: er demand has been made for the pay
ment of the money, and to that end I
I submit herewith: First, draft of resolu- j
tion instructing Christian Rcis, as Treas- j
; urer of the City and County of San I< ran- j
■ clpco, to make a formal demand in writ- i
ing upon paid Fidelity and Deposit Cor. -
pany of Maryland for payment of $100,000
i of the public money misappropriated by
1 A. C. Widber during his term of office as
Treasurer, and directing me to commence
1 an action upon the refusal of the com
pany to pay the same; and. second, writ
ten demand for the $100.0)0 so misappro- |
priated, to be served upon the managing:
agent of the Fidelity and Deposit Com
pany of Maryland, representing the com
pany in this State.
HARRY T. CRESWELL,
Attorney and Counselor.
In accordance with this communica- <,
! tlon the board immediately adopted
this resolution:
Resolved, That Christian Reis, Treas- j
urer of the City and County of San Fran- !
Cisco, be and he hereby is, directed to |
i make formal demand in writing upon the j
| Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary- I
I land, a corporation, for the sum of $100.-
I 000, being the amount for which the said
i corporation is liable as surety on the offi
cial bond of Augustus C. Widber, as
Treasurer, for public moneys misappro
priated by him during his term of office,
and
Resolved, That the City and County At- j
torney be and he hereby is empowered :
i and directed, upon the refusal of the ■
I Fidelity and Deposit Company of Mary
land to pay the same, to institute an ac
tlon against it and Augustus C. Widber, i
j in a court of competent jurisdiction and ■
j in the name of the proper party plaintiff,
to recover the amount of the public j
moneys misappropriated by said Widber
I during his term of office.
Fresh trouble is in store for the sure
ty company unless AVidber's bond is
made good, as will be seen from the
subjoined self-explanatory dispatch
from Insurance Commissioner Clunie: ;
CHICAGO, May 1, IS9B.
Hon. James D. Phelan, San Francisco:
Have just learned of the outrageous atr
I tempt of the security company to escape >
! liability. You can say to the company i
' that unless payment is made at once I
I shall revoke its license to do business in
California. If necessary, communicate
! with me here care Continental Insurance ;
i Company. ANDREW J. CLUNIE.
IN MEMORY OF BUNKER HILL.
Representatives of Two Associations
Meet to Perfect Arrangements
for June 17.
A joint meeting of representatives from
i the Bunker Hill Association and Sons of
Vermont Association was held in the Oc
| cidental Hotel last evening for the pur
j pose of perfecting arrangements for the
celebration to be held on June 17 com
' memorative of the 123 d anniversary of
j that famous American victory-
President W. G. Badger of the Bunker
I Hill Association presided and the prin-
c ipal business of the evening was listen
ing to and accepting the reports of the
| various committees.
A. O. Perkin3, chairman of the grounds
committee, reported that a contract had
been entered into with the Southern Pa
cific Company whereby the railroad was
to furnish two special trains to take the
various associations and their friends to
Bunker Hill Park at Los Gatos, where
the celebration will be held.
The citizens of Los Gatos, headed by
Mr. Berriman, the president of the local
Board of Trade, will act as a committee
of reception.
A letter was received and read from
Charles L. Pierce, division commander of
the Sons of Veterans, in which he ac
cepted the invitation to participate which
had been offered him, and notified the as
sociations that ail the different divisions
of the Sons of Veterans throughout the
State would be notified of the courtesy
that had been extended them.
President Badger was asked to request
of the Secretary' of War the usual salute
on the day of the anniversary, and he
will also request all of the citizens of the
city having flags to raise them as an evi
dence of their patriotism.
S. G. Cheever. Henry Euler, George
Colton and Charles Seley, comprising the
committee on resolutions, drafted resolu
tions of congratulation on the great vic
tory achieved by the American fleet at
Manila, a copy of which, when properly
prepared, will be sent to Commodore
Dewey, who is himself a Green Mountain
boy.
■ ♦ ■ — _
Sued for Goods Sold.
The Stewart, Howe & Hay Company
commenced suit yesterday against Buyer,
Reich & Co. to recover $425 claimed to be
due for goods sold.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
i R S Henry, Fresno j A Johnson. Modesto
C F Bennett, Fresno H J Rickerly, Cal
■T B Taylor, Fresno I M Burns &w, Xcv
', H ( lamer. L Ang j F Cawley, S Jose
; J H Schierberg, Mo \V J Fleming, Boston
P McDonald, Boston Q Wilson, Boston
H Parrish & W, Cal H C Pingwell, Boston
F Hansen, Cal J A Finn, Boston
] W H Smith, Fresno Q W Smith, Boston
J McCann. L Gatos T C Alexander, Bostn
W L Tyler, Boston
BALDWIN HOTEL.
i I M Shaffer & w. Kern! Miss M Fonda, N T
!E A Chare, Rlversida N Minns, Sta Barbara
i F A Pollock, Los Ang J Lieker. Salinas
i A P Schwartz, Los An [ J Roach & w. Conn
i J J Justice. N V R W Hennewan, Or
( J S Punch, St Louis B B Barker, Livermore
; B E King. Montana T A Parish & w, Mich
3 X Warren, Bakersfld B F Witherny, Boston
I T McCu'lden, Vallejo jF A Rowley, Chicago
' MiFs Mi'uclden. Vail I Mrs E Johnstone, Crl
C H Verelius, N V ' W Hutchinson, SPCo
! A X Setters. Cal Q R Ingles, Mo
C Bylbee, Fresno .
GRAND HOTEL.
E F Reed. N V Edith Keller, Ind
j W Neumann, Gilroy M C Mead ft w, Ind
I 3 F Williams, Cal L D Bullon. S L Obisp
' E J Fraser, Rio Vista W L Rubert. L Ang
i E Bruner. Sacto | H Murphy, San Miguel
IG B Bennett, Colo jFI W Jackson, Humbt
| W B Jackson, Salinas I L H Hammond, Mass
V Ruhlman. NY H C Hammond. Mass
M Nelson. Denver H Rogers, Sacto
j May Davis, Riverside G Chandler. Cal
i P X Jones, N V H Jones, S L Obispo
1E de Regina, Sangv H Howard. Stockton
Mrs T H Leggett, Cal H M Burton, Napa
i Mrs M Brown. Cal Mrs D B Konig. H I
S J Rufer, San Jose A E Ingersoll, H I
J H Maggard, Pac Gr J E McCoy. Honolulu
j.Mlss Graves, Saxi Jose Mrs J Graven S Jose
PALACE HOTEL.
W L Coder, N V Mrs Bird. Tacoma
E Eldridge, Salt Lake F Daly, Australia
J Lev}-, Lakep^rt F P Pay son. N V
Mrs Levy, Lakeport Miss Sanford. N- V
W Peyton, S Cruz I Stevenson. Deadwood
C W Peck, Chicago B Steinman, Sacto
J Gibson & s, L Ang R <J Brown. Bodie
A Grant, New Mcx Miss Hayden. N V
W O'Brien, Minn r; Mayer & w, Millwke
Mrs O'Brien, c & m Miss Bruroder, Millwke
Minneapolis ' Miss Brown, Sacto
F Leonard, Nevada (> J Wilson & w, Clnn
H A Cohen, NT J C Halsted. N V
E Howard. S Jose H Wheeler, Virginia
Mrs Howard, S Jose T Bondurant. Illinois
J Ferguson, S Jose T Underwood, Illinois
Mrs Wertheimer Del Lucy Thornton, 111
D Wertheimer, Del J M'eagher. Chicago
W Davis, Denver J Ritchie. Chicago
H Buffenmeyer, Ky J Irtny & w, S Jose
O W Bird, Tacoma
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o"clock every niprht Ir the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery Btreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open v :1: 1 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixt.cnth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
lE.OS Pclk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
Etreets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M-, •
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- -£^
ING, May 3, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated /^J\
meeting and R. A. degree. By -order ~w
of the HP. ' : ;
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. •
121 Eddy St.— Stated meeting THIS -#%_
EVENING, 8 o'clock. _ 7^^
GEORGE PENLINGTON. See, f*W
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) -JV_
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. 7W\
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary, ' '
GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, F. and J»
A. M.— Stated meeting THIS (TUES- J*
DAY) EVENING, May 3. at 7:30 jLJR
o'clock. GEORGE J. HOBE, Sec. /V >
GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, F. and •
A. M. — Officers and members are re- #%_
quested to meet at the Temple on TJT
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON, May 4, f^W >
at 1:30 o'clock, to conduct the funeral of our
late brother, ROBERT HUMAN.
..--' ' K . GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
BRITISH Benevolent Society— annual
meeting for election of officers and deciding
future course of action of the society will
be held May 3 at 4:30 p. m., at 303 California
st. Full attendance urgently requested.
WILLIAM DOXEY, President.
G. C. WOODWARD. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hy-
draulic process from George C. Rose,
in the Blue Rock mine at Georgia
Slide, El Dorado County, to deposit tall-
Ings behind the dam of the • Gold Bug j
mine In Canyon Creek; from A. B. Dries- I
bach and J. F. Dudley, in the Driesbach
& Dudley mine near North Ran Juan, Ne- '
vada County, to deposit tailings in Shady j
Creek; from William E. Moore and John Is-
blster. In the Fair View mine at Sweetland,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings on a flat
below the mine, and from David Cabona and
John Romano, in the Imperial mine near !
Sierra City, Sierra County, to deposit tall- j
Ings in old pits below the mine, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 69, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on May 16,
1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchlnson Sugar |
Plantation Company will be held at the office |
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
Cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 10th day of I
May. IS9B. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac- j
tion of such other business as may come be- i
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
. on FRIDAY. April 29. at 3 o'clock p. m.
t E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United :
States or Canada one year for $1 60, postage !
free.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BATHS for the aged: thermal, electro-mag-
netic; Invlgoratlnc; sure cure for all skin
diseases. 1035 Market; parlor 8.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; i
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION ;
CO., 415 Montgomery ft., room 6; tel. 6580.
MISS L. DEAN has removed to 917 Market St.,
parlors 11 and 12; Turkish baths, manicuring.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. / 1505 1
Market St.. cor. Eighth, room 98. second floor.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine !
massage. 865V4 Market St., rooms 9 and 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet !
baths. 15% Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-16.
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, expert chiropodist: elec-
tric vapor. 204 Sutter St.; 2d floor.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage * assistants. ■29 Grant aye., room 5.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room 10, second floor front.
MME, HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans:
baths and massage. 1118 Market st., rm. 8.
ROOM 3 papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. 343
. Third st. and 2SOB Twenty-fourth. v'H : -' : ~' ■'
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 147 Powell st.
SITUATION'S WANTED— FEMALE.
NEAT young Swedish girl desires situation at
housework or second work or nurse, $S to
$12. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook and housework
girl desires situation, 2 years last place; city
or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
YOUNG girl desires situation at housew»rk or
as nurse. $10 to $15 up; references. MISS
CULLEN, 826 Sutter st.
COMPETENT (',.>rnmn waitress and seam-
stress desires situation; best references; city
or country. MISS CULLISN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH houßpgiri: good cook; understands
her work In all branches. Apply at the
Swedish and German Employment Bureau,
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter; tel. Green 721.
SWEDISH girl lately from the old country
wishes tn assist In housework, $10; strong
and willing. MRS. NORTON, 323 Lutter st.
A SWEDISH woman as housekeeper; can take
full charge; good cook; city or country.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLAPS cook wishes situation in ho-
tel or boarding-house, reference. MRS. NOR-
TON. 323 Sutttr st.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5332,
girls of all nationalities await positions.
OMPETEXT Scandinavian cook, best of city
reference, desires a situation. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
REFINED, educated, musical young lafiy de-
sires i>or,ition in refined home as nursery
governess or as companion to invalid or el-
derly lady; a good reader; $1", a month. Ad-
dress C. F., Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady is desirous of forming a class In
music and embroidering; pupils taken for
$2 50 per month, including 1 lesson a week .In
embroidering and piano; excellent references.
Address A. G., Call office, Oakland.
$15 PER month— American woman; situation
in small family; good plain cook; city refer-
ence. 245 Natoma st.
STEADY girl for general housework and plain
cooking in American family. Address Sl2
Buchanan st.
WOMAN wants a position as housekeeper;
thoroughly domesticated; good cook. Box
14SS, Call Office.
LIGHT housework In a small family; small
wages. Call at Young Woman's Christian
Association. 1259 O'Farrell st.
LADY of experience as housekeeper, or would
take care of house during owner's absence.
Address A., box 1457, Call office.
LAT)Y of experience, good housekeeper, is will-
ing to assist in return for home for self and
girl of 8 years. Address 8.. box 1489, Call.
WANTED— Young lady from the East desires
respectable situation. Call after 1 p. m. at
246 Sixth st.
VVAXTKD — Position as nurse and companion to
an Invalid during the day; wages 425 per
month. Apply to 135 San Jose aye.
WOMAN wants work by the day. washing or
housecleanini;: $i a day and car fare. Box
M9Z, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants to do housework: plain
cooking: city references. 305 Broderlck st.
YOUNG woman wants chamber work or house-
keeper's position; no objection to country.
Call or address 81'JB Howard st.
NEAT young girl desires situation to dc. sec-
ond work or housework in small family.
Please call at 100* Buchanan st.
WOULD like a position as housekeeper; am a
woman of Intelligence and refinement; prac-
tical in every way; would go out of cltv.
Box 1491, Call office.
DANISH girl wants housework; Just over;
speaks no English. Room 37. Sherman House,
Eighth st., between Market and Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation pri-
vate family; housework or boarding house;
moderate wages; In city. 148 Sixth st., r. 124.
I
SITUATIONS WAXTED-Continaed.
COMPETENT young woman wishes a situation
as first-class cook and laundress; city or
country; short time from the East; moder-
ate wages; has good references. 369 Jessie.
GOOD woman desires work immediately; is a
good worker; can do almost anything; is
first-class; has references; foes by the day,
$1 and car tare. 60 Third st., room 14.
YOUNG girl wishes place for general house-
work; wages $20. Call at 204% Fifth St.
SITUATION as housekeeper: city preferred.
311H Jessie Bt. , near Fourth.
GOOD plain cook or general houseworker de-
sires position. Address 1259 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, thoroughly un-
derstands fitting and cutting, wishes a sit-
uation as seamstress and be generally use-
ful. 6 Thirteenth st.. near Harrison.
ELDERLY German lady wishes position for
light housekeeping or care of children. 3f>6
Third st.
WOMAN would like few more engagements to
do housework by day; $1 per day. Address
1121 Webster St.
YOUNG, respectable person with a child 2H
years old would like a situation In a private
family; wages not less than $10 per month;
city or country. Hl^ase ca.ll at 416 Minna st.
ELDERLY woman wants situation; plain cook-
ing and washing; no postals; wages $10. 920
Jackson st.
REFINED Christian woman would like re-
sponsible position where faithfulness and In-
tegrity will be appreciated; Is agreeable and
companionable; knows how to mtike invalid
comfortable. Address M. E. HOLLAND,
Oakland.
GOOD cook and general housekeeper wishes po-
sition. Apply ltiS Grant aye., room 1.
SLAVONIC girl wants situation to do general
housework. 75 Clementina st., bet. l«t and Zd.
YOUNG woman wants chamber work or house-
keeper position; no objection to country. Call
or address 205 Third Et., room 22.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 822 Third st.
DRESSMAKER; good fitter; suits made in two
days; dresses made over. 231 Tenth at.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay at.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 41414 O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE, Chinese Employni't Office; choice
help; tel. Grant f>- Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear • st.
YOUNG Scotchman of good habits, with best
of references, desires position of any kind, or
with private family. JOHN WILSON, 523
Folsom st.
SITUATION wanted by reliable man who
understands packing, shipping, bookkeeping
and selling, and who speaks different lan-
guages; has good references. Address box 1453,
Call office.
STEADY young German wishes position on
gentleman's place; good horseman; can milk;
good references. Box 1484. Call office.
GERMAN mechanic, very handy with any kind
of tools, wants any situation on moderate
watres. Box 1480, Call office.
EXPERT horseman and careful driver, dis-
charged from the horse artillery, wishes a
position as driver or to take care of horses;
private place preferred; has references. F.
W. t cor. Lombard and Baker sts.
SITUATION wanted by man and wife in coun- j
try hotel or summer resort; man experienced
clerk and bartender, wife housekeeper or
chambermaid. Box 1479, Call office.
BUSINESS man wants position, city or coun-
try: thoroughly experienced teas, coffees and
general merchandise; will deposit $50 if nec-
essary; best reference. Address H. PAR-
ISH, 334 Bush St., city.
COACHMAN or stahlrrnnn, thoroughly under-
stands his business; good driver; references.
A. M., box 14!>3, Call office.
YOUNG man wants situation as herder ot
cowboy. Address 317 Francisco st., HARVEY
DOBBINS. San Fram-iseo. Cal.
TOUNG man wishes employment as a book-
keeper, cashier or collector; has experience
as bookkeeper, with the best of references.
Address box 14%, Call office.
STRONG young man, 19, understands use of
tools, wishes employment in machine shop.
Box 1515, Call office.
GARDENER, single man, wants situation;
first-class references. Box 1570, Call office.
BAKER and pastry cook wishes position; ref-
erences if required. Address 8., box 2, Call
office, Oakland.
TOUNG man wants employment; not afraid of
work: references. N. D. . 27 Chattanooga st.
SITUATION as gardener, city or country, by
steady man; can milk, drive; reference. Ad-
dress O. M., box 1611, Call offtce.
JAPANESE couple want situations; man 7
years' experience as cook, wife will do gen-
eral housework and sewing; good references.
Box 1514, Call office.
YOUNG man from East; understands making
of ice cream and has worked in a store. Ad-
dress box 1499, Call offtce.
SITUATION wanted as man about place; un-
derstands garden work, horses, poultry, etc. ;
careful driver; good carpenter: can milk and
run gas engine; references. Box ISSB, Call
RELIABLE man (German) wishes situation as
porter in wine cellar or teamster. 166' a Clara.
YOUNG man wants a good position as porter
or to do first-class general housework and
help In the kitchen; wanes about $15 per
month. Box 1552, Call.
TOUNG man would like a position as gardener;
can milk; prunin- and grafting a specialty.
J. J.. 1528 Walnut St., Berkeley.
WANTED — Position as foreman machine shop;
railroad shop preferred; best of references.
Box ir.4o. Call office.
ELDERLY man. once rich; poor through hon-
esty, wants trusted position: references and
bonds. Address box 1633, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an up to date chef
cook; city or country. Address J. C. FRANK-
ENPERG. 143 Third st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Vhlrd st.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $150 to $1
week; convenient _nd respectable: free "bu»
and taggage to and from fer y.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG, refined girl, light work, sleep home,
$10. MISS CULLEN, 325 -Sutter St.
NURSE, grown children, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
AN IRISH girl as cook. San Rafael. $25. MISS
CU 1.1. EN, 323 Sutter_st.
NEAT Protestant Swedish or German second
girl. $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH-speaking second girl, $15; easy
place. MISS PTTT.T.t...., 325 Sutter St.
NURSE, country, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child over 2 years old as
working housekeeper, $15. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutler st.
HOUSEWORK girl or woman, ranch, $20, fare
paid. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter ?t.
RKFINED German second clrl, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl, light work, 2 in family, $15.
MISS CULLKN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nursery governess, $25; 2 refined
German nurses, $20 and $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child as housekeeper, $10.
MISS CULLED. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, $35; 2 second girls, $2.'. and $20; S young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NURSE. |25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
LAUNDRESS, $25; German cook. $30; French
maid, $•-■:>. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— PASTRY cook for a country hotel, $35, see
party here; cook for a small summer resort,
family style, $3C>; 3 waitresses, country, $20;
4 restaurant waitresses, $6 a week; 6 restau-
rant waitresses. $5 a. week: chambermaid and
waitress, $17 50; cook, small delicacy store,
$20; 2 starch ironers, $30 to $40. C. JR. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
A— FAMILY cook, $25: German cook, $25; 10
hcuso pirls. $20 to J2.">; 25 house girls, $15 to
$20: German nurse girl, $15. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
A— TYPEWRITER and stenographer for this
office, <\ R HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary, st.
WANTEIi -Neat middle-aged woman, good
cook and do plain washing, ranch, Santa
Clara County, ?2">; girl for housework, ranch,
C. urtland. $20; joung nurse girl, $10. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
NIKSKUIKL, one child. $1b; two nursegirls,
$2" each; German nurse^irl. one child $20
MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter rt.
SECOND girl, $20; housegirl. two in family,
$20: middle-aged woman, $1.".. small milk
ranch. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
COOK, institution. $20: German cook. $30;
Swedish housegirl. $25; American famny
Irish girl. $2i. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter
YOUNG nursegirl. one child. 4 years old, *S;
girl to assist, no cooking, $10. MRS. NOR-
TON. 323 Sutter St.
20 GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT, German Em-
ployment Office, 417 Powell st.
APPRENTICE to learn pants- making ; paying
while learning. 419 O'Farrell st.
HELP WAXTED-Continned.
COLORED girl for housework, 2 in family,
sleep home, $20; S waitresses, hotels and res-
taurants, in city and country, $20, and $5 and
$6 a week; cook, no wash, $30; 2 girls for
housework, Alameda, $20; San Rafael, $25;
3 German. Scandinavian and Protestant sec-
ond tfrlß, «" and $25; 2 German nurses. $^0:
chambermaid, wait 2 meais, $20; and a large
number of girls to fill our numerous situa-
tions In city and country. J- F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cooks, chambermaids, nurseglrls
and girls for housework. MRS. HIRD, 631
Larkin st.
WANTED— Young lady of good education, re-
siding in the Mission, aa bookkeeper and
cashier; one with some experience preferred;
salary about $25 per month. Box 1482, Call.
GIRL wanted to learn dressmaking. 2730
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— A competent girl for second work
and assist with children; references. 1608 Fell.
APPRENTICE girl wanted on custom coats.
ClO Montgomery St., room 1.
GOOD finisher wanted on custom pants. 410
Kearny St., room 32.
(HBIJ for general housework; 3 in family;
wages $15. Apply 3024 Clay st.
NURSE girl wanted; references. 2912 Clay st.
WANTED Young girl for housework. Call
at 405 Suttnr St.
GIRL for light housework. 737 McAllister st.
LADIES to work on children's dresses. 329
Hayes at.
GIRL, general housework, plain cooking; wages
$15. 12161* Golden Gate aye.
FIRST- CLASS hands at dressmaking. 108
Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED lunch waitress. 406 McAl-
lister st.
LADY wanted to sew on awnings and tents.
18 Mason st.
GIRL com poet tors wanted. BROWN & BLET
CO., 23 Stevenson st.
GIRL 14 or 15 for light housework. Apply 1410
Hyde st.
COMPETENT girl for light housework and
cooking; small family; $15. 642 Thirty-fifth
St., Oakland.
RELIABLE girl for housework. Call after 10
a. m., 4522 20th St., near Eureka.
OPERATORS on bar coats, butcher gowns and
aprons: experienced hands only. 204' i Turk.
WANTED — -Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 410 Kearny st., room 33.
GIRL to assist housework, good home, $S per
month. 633 Turk st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework and
companion; fair pay and good home for right
party. Call after 12, 116 Taylor Et.
WANTED— Young lady cook, mining camp.
Address W. S., box 165G, Call office.
LADIES' Commercial Employment Exchange;
strictly first-class; 25 years' experience in
the largest business centers; modern In all
departments. 313 Bush st.
2 FIRST-CLASS waitresses -wanted. Model
Restaurant, 753 Market at. Call early.
WANTED— Thoroughly experienced talloress on
custom coats. 335 Sixth st.
WANTED— Apprentice girl on tailoring. 724
Howard st_
WANTED— Young girl, 16, to assist In light
housework. 63 Sharon st.
GOOD hands and apprentices on rests. 641'jjj
Stevenson st.
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Call forenoon, IG2B Sutter St.
STRONG girl for general housework; refer-
ences. 1511 A Howard st.
LADY canvassers for city and country; $1 a
day and commission. 1104 Market St., room 12.
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted. 628
Howard st. ,
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free: patterns 25c. McDOWELL'B. 103 Post.
HELP WAXTED- MAJLU.
A. — 55 railroad teamsters
36 railroad — laborers
Call early: exceptional good Job. MURRAY
& READY. Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay St.
A.— 25 woodchoppers 36 tie makerg
10 farm hands 3 milkers
Farmer and wife stableman: city
4 chorebovs for ranches — — — — 4 choremen |
MI'RRAY & READY, Leading Employment j
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A.— 6 cooks 7 waiters j
3 dishwashers — — — — — 2 barbers; country i
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A.— 2 butchers 3 beef boners
2 laundry washers
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A.— A great corporation
Wants 10 laborers $1 75 day
10 teamsters $1 75 day
Fare 15c; call very early. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and £36 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS confectioner for a country hotel,
$70 ami found and free fare; second baker,
country. $30 and found and fare advanced;
third baker, city, $25 and found. C. R. HAJSf-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MEAT and pastry- cook for a summer resort.
$7.">; second cook, same place. $40; cook, coun-
try hotel, J5O; German second cook, $*iO;
pantryman, $2 ; >; pot washer, country hotel,
$15; porter, country hotel, $20; baker and
pastry cook, country hotel, $40; cook, city, $40;
bellboy, $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
6 MEN to pitch hay, $1 a day and board; 2
farmers. $2'") and $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
14 MORE pick and shovel laborers for the rail-
road, to go to-day. C. R. HAXSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
15 2-HORSE scraper teamsters, $1 75. C. R.
HANSKN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer for this
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HEAD waiter for a summer resort, $35; see
party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
HEAD waiter, country hotel, $50; 6 waiters,
city, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— 2 carpenters, young men, for mine,
see boss In city, $2 50 day; 2 miners, $2 50 day.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT Sc CO., 62S Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Cook, country restaurant. $40. fare
paid; cook, city, laborers' hotel, $35; steward,
country resort; waiter for coffee house, $8
week: 2 German hotel wiiters, $30; and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
$100 WILL buy coffee and tea route, including
horse, cart and harness. 1439 Shotwell st..
corner Stoneman.
PARTY having $100 to invest can secure sit-
uation. Box 1526, Call office.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's. 2\> Steuart st.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla. Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TESLA
COAL CO.. room 515. 32S Montgomery, S. K.
WANTED— Chef cook for hotel, $80; 2 wait-
ers. $23; waiter, nice country place, $20; gar-
dener, $33, etc. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
MAN and wife, position of trust, $S0; charge
of light profitable business. 313 Bush st.
TRAVELING cutlery salesman, Pacific Coast
trade; grocery traveler, $100. 313 Bush st.
FOR Seattle branch cash business, young busi-
ness man as partner. 313 Bush st.
GENERAL store clerk, dress goods and domes-
tic salesman, office assistant. 313 Bush st.
HEADQUARTERS the only membership com-
mercial employment bureau on the Pacific
Coast. 313 Bush st.
GOOD solicitor wanted at once for Job print-
Ing. A. .1. READ, Enquirer office, Oakland.
EXPERIENCED presser and spotter wanted.
4'« Sutter st.
RELIABLE solicitor to work on commission;
permanent, salaried position if satisfactory.
Box 1498, Call office.
BUSHELMAN and coat-makers for country.
REISS BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
BUSHF.LMAN wanted. Room 1001, Palace
Hotel.
DISHWASHER wanted; coll early. 126 Ninth
street.
i WANTED— Man to do paper-hanging. lOU
Market st.
BOY wanted. Drug store, Twenty-first and
Valencia sts.
WANTED— A barber; must have his own tools.
Box 1477. Call office.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade in 4 to 8
weeks. 1542 Market st.
WAITER wanted at 618 Clay_gt.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 662 Mis-
sion st.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs, 2 baths, Central Cal-
ifornia, for sale, exchange; no Sunday work.
DECKKf.MAN BliOS., 106 Ellis St.
WANTED- Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
rune Denver House, 217 Third st.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HELP WASTED-Continned.
ItECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied unmarried men, between the aged of
il and 30 years. who an citizens of tha
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of cood character and habits a«.! ahle to
speak read and write English, 2 ml Le be-
tween' 5 feet E inches and S feet in heisht. For
further Information apply at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis st.. Sar^ Francisco. Cal.
LADIES' shoes, soling. Ssc; men's shoes, so!- k
ing ."0c; all repairing done at half the usual fe
price. 562 Mission St.. bet. First an.. S& >nd.r^
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec. 104_7th: _tel. Sonth 628.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. neap
Market; 200 rooms, 2"c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and^from^ the ferry.
BARBERS' Ass'n Tree Employm't Office. 3.
FUCHS. Sec, 325 Grant aye.; te). Grant :.15.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks, s.
F. Barber College. 135% Eighth st.
4000 PAIR: another lot men's ah
slightly damaged; at less than_ one-fourth
their value; from 75c to $2 50. .j62 Mission.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764 Vfc Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c jj» r
night; 60c. 90c and »1 per week.
ROSEDALE House. 321 E'.lis— Rooms 2.ic to Jl
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms. 10c and 15c niKht: 75c and Jl
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howai
WANTED— To collect wages due laborei
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, liv Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st.. below- Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
600 PAIR of men's new and secnrm-harui shoes
half price; half-soling, 35c. 359 Howard st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads tnken.
AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS jranted in every town for Ladles*
Crown Hat Fastener: something new; no
competition: sample 2."c. The '.rown Mfr.
Co., The Hewes building. W7 Market st.. S. F.
LADIES to sell my beautifiers: good pay. MRS.
BUTTER, SO6 Market St., room 324.
AGENTS attention— The war Is on and every-
one wants the History of Our Navy, by
John R. Spear; over 400 Illustrations; sold oa
fiOc monthly payments; including one year's
free subscription to Scribner's Magazine.
Call or write, Scribner's Magazine, 119-121
Phelan Bldg., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Second-hand set engineer's tool*
and chest: cheap. Address B. R., box 151 A.
Call ofne*. |
LADY agents— Best and quickest sellers. D.
W. ROBERTS. 609 Sacramento St., upstair*.
WANTED— Canvassers for coal oil. Apply B\
B. Joyoe Oil Co., Seventh and King sts.
FURNITURE WANTED.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery Ft.; highest prices paid. Tel >avls 71.
HOUSES WAXTEa .
FURNISHED house of 6 or more rooms wants!
by a small family; references; bonds; Inter-
view. 403 Examiner building.
UNFURNISHED house of 7 rooms wanted at
once by responsible party: only principal*
need call: bonds. 403 Examiner building.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 3 or 4 rooms suitable doctor's of-
fice; state price. Box 1434. Call office. .
2 ROOMS, sunny, for housekeeping, by man
and wife: price moderate. Box 14S1. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
PHOTOGRAPHER with camera for transient
work. Studio, box 1490, Call office^
WANTED— machine for grinding corni
cheap. Box 30, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus;, second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COT.KMAN 41 Third.
JLODGir«v HOUSES FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22*4
Gear}' st.
110 rooms: safe investment; clears $250 $4500
40 rooms; sunny corner: transient 2000
.16 rooms: Market: central; all full 700
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 325
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent 200
60 rooms; Market; best transient 2500
30 rooms; Kearny; elegant offices 2600
24 rooms; Geary: best in city 2600
Hundreds cf others at your own price. ~"-j~,.' - ",
—SPECIAL. BARGAINS — —
19 rooms; rent $27; good furniture $300
22 rooms; near Market; a money-maker.. 850
25 rooms; rent $o',: a pick-up 450
32 rooms; offices rent $100; only £50
36 rooms; rent $40: fine investment SoO
-44 rooms; r^nt $l*v>; none better.. ...":.. ....1300
60 rooms: rent $120; corner; Investigate. 1500
WINSTON .V: CO., 616 Market St.
5 ROOMS and bath: worth 1500 $ t25
24 rooms on Howard; new 650
14 rooms on Eddy ?t.: new 250
28-room house; worth J1500; price 475
4fi rooms ; sunny corner IROQ
14 rooms; corner house: new and good 400
H. C. DECKER & CO.. 1020 Market st.
9-ROOM house, all full, with furniture; cheap.
737 Harrison st.
ACCOUNT of sickness, will sacrifice 16-rcom
house; all rooms rented. 136 Sixth «t-
O5 LARKIN- Branch office of Tha Call: sub-
scriptions and want *ds taken.
FURMTIRE FOil SALE.
FT'RNITURE, 3 rooms, good order; cheap; In
part or whole; fine baby carriage; parties go-
ing East. 17 Grand aye.
FURNITURE, 6 rooms, chenp; rent cheapest
in city. 196 Shipley St., corner Fifth.
GOOD furniture of 6 rooms for sale at a bar-
gain. Address box '513. Call of flee.
HCRSBS.
GENTLE horse, harness and phaeton cheap;
will trade for groceries, or if not sold can b*
used for its keep. Apply at Mascot Stables.
1212 Golden Gate aye.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horses must sell. Emporium salea
yards, 220 Valencia st.. T. P. NEVILE.
40 HOR£_S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sa'.es every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FRESH milch cows, driving horses & donkeya
for sale cheap. Horan's Yds.. 10th & Bryant.
JI T ST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard St.: auction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & SONS,
GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK ST..
Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade tor
Town or Country.
Newest Designs in Form. Color or Trim.
Best Business Buggies on Earth.
Good Second-hand Broughams. Ivamlaus, Carta
and Buggies. Taken in Exchange,
for Sale at Low Prices.
Bargains, new and second-hand carriages—
Coup,. $-,o : surrey, $S5; village cart - *0: sulky
cart. $35; top and road buggies trap* *?>£%•
milk and two-seat wagons. All st>les or carta
and harness at cost for cash. an.l V ni#»neia St..
Bull's Head Repository, loth and \alencla sts.
A BARGAIN— For sale, a fine horse and ex^.
prets wagon: paying well. Inquire of J. B.
LEWIS & SOX. 436 Montgomery st. , •
■v'tt-tc- rwTfiilYer's wagon, 3-can milk wagon, but-
N £^JslllS wagon/ light buggy. 1340 Turk.
6) FCIAL pale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. m LarMn. opp, cttr Hag.
PTVI? laundry baker's and milk wagons cheap
F for cash or" installment,; 1 fine top and opea
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
rwPAPF<=T and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postags
LOST.
LOST— On Twenty-fourth St., Saturday even-
ing April 23. water spaniel bitch, brown,
with breast and front feet white. G. W.
HAMILL, Western Sugar Refinery, or 1105
Rhode Island St.; liberal reward.
LOST— Sunday: lady's gold watch. Suitable
reward to party if returned to 731 Fulton rt.
LOST— At California Theater. Saturday even-
ing, pair pearl opera glasses inscribed. To
Mi ther. from Ralph, Berman. Herbert,
Be-.-ki"." Return to Hotel Miramar and re-
■ reward.
CALIFORNIA Theater, Saturday evening, pair
p.. M and abalone opera glasses. Finder re-
turning to 336 O'Fanell St., will receive re-
ward. ■
LOST— May 2, on Leavenworth ?t. between
Sutter and Klli^. a worn, black vest. I'leas*
return to 31G Leav?nworth; reward.
LOST— White fox terrier dog; black spot over
right eye; black pars: had license tap; suit-
able reward. 221 Montgomery st.
LOST— May 1. from BO Twenty-fourth st.;
black greyhound pup. Person returning to th«
above number suitably rewarded.
LOST in the California Theater April 30. a
diamond brooch, stax-ahaped ; a liberal re-
ward. Return T. MAHONY. .101 Phelan bldg^
LOST— An egg-shap"<i OML K-nurn to 2904
Twenty-fourth st. and receive reward. |
ATTORNEYS AT I^W-
ADVICE free on all lesral matters. T. W.
STACK, 14 McAllister St.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.m I\l2S_ CHANCES.
A— KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers. 1 22^4
Gear}' st. Miscellaneous business chances.
— Grocery and bar: fine cor.; living rooms.
— Home restaurant: finest: best paying.
$325 — Combination store; grocery; restaurant,
furnished flat.
$500— Stationery, books. Call and laundry
office. ■•-'.; i --;.-
s2\>oo— Florist and nursery; 2 acres under glass.
S2lO0 — Bookblndery; best equipped on coast.
$4500— Steam laundry; plant and buildings.
$700 — Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
I MKDICAL '!a- Inc.; K.OOO Fhares; par
value $i; large salary for right man; value
■ In stock. KREDO & Co., BY& G-.-ary st.
$450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; clears .■?!■" • KUEDO & CO., 22_ Geary.
$325— Hotel; 10 rooms: intng ro »"fi bar: 30
•steady boarders. KREDO & CO.. tXW, Geary.
"s2so— Pork and delicacy; 3 living-rooms: cheap
rent; pood business. KREDO & CO., ' 22V4
Geary Bt.
A - 57.'. -BRANCH ide will Invoice
$: . . , : mi REDO A CO., 22Vi
THE best located restaurant on Market st..
doing a Brst-clasS paying business; other
business compels owner to srii; a rare
chance. WILKE. 7v: Market st.
ADJUSTABLE window shad '.:<» now
tally' prepnrwi to *ell State rights On the
mutt reasonable terms: this has no opposi-
tion; sellt at sight: highly appreciated and
reoommended by the i-;.'imK people or the
"United states and Canada; write at once
anil n-n your choice of States. WILKiJ. 21
Market st.
THE best located restaurant on Market st.,
doing a first-class paying business; other
business compels owner to sell; a rare
chance. WILKE. 753 Market St.
ADJUSTABLE wlnd< n shade holder— Are now
fully prepared to sell Suite rights on the
most reasonable terms: this has no opposi-
tion; tells at Bight; highly appreciated and
. recommended by the leading people of the
United States and Canada; write at once
and eet your choice ot States. WILKE, 7>a
• Market st.
PARTNER wanted in a pood paying commis-
sion business; only small capital required;
thorough investigation
allowed. M. LESS, 7CO Market ft.
fftO BALOON; 11 living-rooms; near Oakland
ferry: doing fine business; rare chance; must
be to be appreciated. M. LESS, 765
Market St.
$50(i- FINE saloon, a few doors from Market
St., in the heart of the city; well established
paying place. M. LESS, 706 Market et.
JDCiO— PARTNER wanted in an Al saloon busi-
ness in the vicinity of the Baldwin Hotel; ex-
cellent trade; money-making place. M. LESS,
765 Market St.
A— S2r,O— POULTRY, game, fruit and vegetable
store in finest market; north of Market st. ;
clearing $100 per month; trial. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
$230— CORNER cigar store: neat place; excel-
lent, location; receipts ?3<«i to $350 per month;
positive proof; death owner causes sacriilce.
M. LESS, I'm Market bt.
$2500— SALOON, country mir.ing town: 2 stores.
2 cottages, 7 lots; less than half price; owner
compelled to go Ea-s! IfoLAuORLIN &
CO., 23 Kearny st.
$1760— LIVEKY stable; stock worth the price
asked; accident to proprietor cause of sale-.
McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 22 Kearny st.
$150— PARTNER wanted In laundry; good out-
side route; horse an^ wagon. McLAUOHLIN
_ CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$700— GROCERY and bar; good-paying busi-
ness; soling on accou ess of owner;
rare chance. McLAUGHLIN ArCO., SJ Kearny.
$10<K> CASH. $700 in business; will exchange for
house and lot; sm.ill street south of Market.
Mclaughlin _ CO.. 23 _earny st.
1600— COUNTRY store and blacksmith shop,
complete, with acre of land; worth MC-
LAUGHLIN „ CO.. 23 Kearny st.
PARTNER in horseshoeing shop; best in
city $400
Restaurant: Market st. ; clears $l">i mo C.iO
M.-ut market; recipts $301"! week: a snap 275
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth.
A-rfBOO— CORNER grocery and tar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200 — Partner wanted; commission business.
-Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
|SCO— CORNER grocery and bar: fine location;
grocery st"Ok alone worth more than price;
doins gc-1 business. Inquire ropm 014, Claus
Spreckels building.
CHANCE to buy an oyster and chop house;
fine bar trade; established 11 fears. Apply
southeast comer Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
Ai Hi" P for sale; very cheap; other
. bus:: -id to. Call at once and in-
vestigate. Box 1478, Call office.
RARE Chance— Brewery uear San Francisco for
Bale' or to let cheap, with ail brewing utensils.
Ij Ht Call office.
FOR sale — A small .business; doing well; small
capital; no experience required. 519 Eighth
st., Oakland.
I'AYIN'I grocery and bar; owner going to
■ Klondike; >. . cheap. Box 14TS. Call.
CORNER saloon for sale at a bargain: good
;. cigars. Ml Fourth st.
WANTED — To buy a barber shop: state price.
Address box HT.".. Call office.
BARBER Bhop for sale; paying; trial granted.
Information at 9 Hayes ut.
RARE chance for investment In Oakland:
first irp.r.l for sale, clearing $250
per month; same owners for 8 years; posi-
tively no opposition near; place located on
junction of best two streets; cheap rent; rea-
son for selling, owners leaving for Europe.
M L. WURTS, 17th and Broadway. Oakland.
BRANCH bakery, notion, stationery, cigars
and laundry; fine living room; large sunny
yur.!; cheap rent: luundry and papers pay
rent; old established. Apply Call branch of-
Eleventh st.. box 23.
$3000 — GENERAL merchandise business In
country town 30 miles from S. F. ; stock will
Invoice amount asked: trade will average $35
per day; will sell half-interest if referred.
BURKE & CO.. »17 Market st.
: , $100 CAN be invested where it v.-i!l
yield as large a profit as is consistent with
safety send for our free booklet "How
. Grows." RIGGS & CO., Bourse,
Philadelphia, Pa.
A— ll25 — GOOD corner Btand express business;
n'.rth of Market St.; 2 horses and wagon:
we rth double; great bargain. M. LESS, 765
Market St., opp. Phelan building.
-MAKING parlor, cheap, nets $100 per
month; 210 customers; sickness cause of sell-
-.iitc L. E. WHITE. 1065 Washington st.,
md.
$150 invented, actually earns 35 ;>er cent weekly
profits; rare chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise; control capital your-
self . D.Sloane. 110 St. ."aul St.. Baltimore, Md.
FOR. Rent — First-class bakery and oonfectlon-
erj' i" X' •■"» location and d.iiiiK a fine busi-
nt-Vs on account of sickness of proprietor.
8,.x l."21. Call office.
PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; splendid
tunlty. Box :" .:-. Call office.
FOR SALE— Resta.irai.t ..n street car line: a
bargain. Inquire at 7f<3 Market st., basement.
SALOON for sale cheap; no nlgnt work. 50C
Clay st.
$200— BRANCH bakery, r-andy, nations, milk, 3
: living rooms; must be seen to be ap-
preciated. 227 9th. bet. Howard and Folsom.
A SHOE store for sale cheap; a splendid chance
for a shoemaker: good repairing. Apply ut
once. 1470 Seventh st.. West Oakland.
FOR sale— Home bakery; good paying business;
Halted years; 6 fine rooms. 1913 Howard.
TEREST in a good payi: - beer bottling
company. In«iuirc 1."r29 Mlfsl' .. St.
$30— BARBER shop; 2 chairs; fine location;
. trade. I'acinc Exchange, 9i»5 Market st.
PARTNER fur wine and liquor business; small
capital. Call at X2O Valencia -*t.
FIRST-CLASS c orr.f-r French liquor store; no
U. A,;-iy . ■ •
CORNER Kkioon, good location, on account
■ business; reasonable. Albany Brewerj'-
s2oo— COß. saloon opp. factory; present owner
here 10 years; retiring from business; receipts
$12 a day; can be increased. 1121 Harrison st.
GROCERY and l.ar; horse and wagon:
outside route; sales $16 per day; 4 living
rooms. Inquire at .'.2:>. Market st^
RARE chance- Brewery near S. F. for sale or
to let cheap, with all brewing utensils. Ap-
piy at Call office.
TO LET— Restaurant or chophouse; partly
furnished: rent reasonable. Inquire is Ua»on.
SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE. Bm
SER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
saJe; investigate. 117 Fillmore
MEXICO.
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc: large and small tracts. For further in-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico.
$85— LAUNDRY route, horse, wagon, etc. ; must
be sold this week. Apply 2HK2 Sixteenth st.
GOOD paying grocery business; living rooms in
r.ar; bargain. Applj
BUSINESS or partnership wanted where ser-
a:id jr.o will be useful. Box 16G8, Call.
PATENTS— SMITH M 08BORN, Regisi'd Pat.
Agents; established ISfil'. 311t Pinu st.. city.
( fee and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento be.b c .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly-
Call Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 £.0, postage
tree.
PERSONALS.
HOUSES underpinned with brick or wood;
carpenter work -of all kinds; get my esti-
mates. Call or address B. R. ALBERTSON,
1353 Howard St. .' ■ • -
. BUSINESS PERSONALS.
I WAS the first hairdresser in San Francisco
to charge only 25c for hairdressing; good
switches, $1; best; finest quality,. s3 50: extra
heavy, long. $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
USE Quinonia Hair Tonic; 'twill save it. G.
LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, -44 Third st., nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $0 per week;
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MRS JOHNSON, experienced masseuse: elec-
trical water treatment: office 10, lIS Grant ay.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St., bet. Tth and Sth.
OIF A PEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the Tjnit-ri
States or Canada one year for $1 CO. postage
frr « . ■ ■. \ '
DRESSMAKERS.
M'ME~.~GOLDSTEIN-Elegant. stylish dresses,
$5 up: dresses made over. C Eddy st., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. '■•'■'■ Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS DR~f7 CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden rr- stery in life, she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family --oubles, restore lost affec-
tir.ni: unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled —nperty; locates treasures
minerals: tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS DR. F. CLARK rooms
25 and 29, 1206 Mar et St.. opposite Sixth.
HANSON arrived; Palmist; card-reader;
past, present and future; 2uc. 148 Sixth st..
room 10. .
MME. A R-Fortunes told by plan*;
predicted "74" overdue str. 23*4 Sixth, rm. 6.
MMX LE NORMAN HE. reliable clairvoyant,
, card reader, msgnetlc treatment. «OlLeavnwth.
MM_. MOREAU. best me £» m -, urt c h lr d t '
reader; tSc up; German spoken. .3 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to graye ■ Jut u re hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O Farrell st.
GYPSY life reader Rives correct answers to
all questions: L- 25c: P.. Mo; no sign. » «th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: bustnew
advice; names given: 2r.c up. 6 Fourth at.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS-First in ncr pro-
fession: never fails: ndvic-e: ielp. ?y Post.
_PXR_TtT-X.IS-L
YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, inc. 605 McAllister st.; fine music.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123% Sixth st . room 2.
C V MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance.
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS SHKINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia Ft.; read-
ings $1; clr. Tueß.. Frl.. 2 p. m. ; Sat.. 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
132 Stockton st.: old No. 218.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-writing me-
dium. lIS Haight st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 402 M: Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas issued: diseases and habits cured.
PALMSTKY.
LECTURE palmistry; demonstrations, by
Mrs. Chandler. Thur*., May 5, 8 p. m. 303
Larkin. cor. McAllister; admission 10c.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
As' wo are soiling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
Fame as if purchased for all cash. Bar-rains
in good second-hand uprights upi r. same easy
liavments and some good planes for S3, $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ms ., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. ■ -
ABSOLUTELY the oldest r.nd lrrgest house
• of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
arid all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NKV FIRM. » NEW NUMBER.
NKW GOODS. NEW PRICES
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not be equaled In San Francisco.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO. 560 Hayes St.
AN up to date concert, day and night, all
week, at Twenty-fourth and Mission. East
Oakland. Lor'.n. and at Hockett Bros.' Co.,
"Crown" aejents. 230 Post St.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a CI tckerlng for
$S0: examine list of bargains his week. THE
F W. SPENCER CO., S'33 Market St.
S< iHMEH & CO. Byron Mauzy Newby. Evans,
Brigps and <.ther pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308, 310. 312 Post st.
XKW fine $100 upright, slightly damaged; $190.
Room 12. Flood building:
A STEINWAY, Decker, other pianos, cheap.
HORNUNG'B Now Store. 216 McAllister st.
~AD" smallest: price lowest; $2 and up per
month. HEINE. 186 Ellis st.
A FINK Chase Bros, and a Steinway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
St., flat No. 1.
A GOOD upright, very cheap, lfi McAllister
St., next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
(SPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO., 7<™ Market St.
AGENCY Haines Bros, plnnos; second-hand
DOS. 575 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos; new scale: .ew styles.
KOHLEB & PHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
BUPERIOR violins, zithers, old .nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham P]ace^
CHBAFBSBT and bt-Pt in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
BRANCH ..ffW of The Call, l" r > Eleventh >fc—
Want ndp and sulisi-ni'tloris taken.
BICYCXES.
fTTr ki1 1p 1 r !i7 victor drop-frame tandem, new,
I second-hand diamond-frame Vic-tor tan-
(lcm, S4ft. 300 1-arkln st.
FOR SALE— 3IISCEIXANEOCS.
GOOD lot in Oakland to exchange for a law
library and office furniture. Address box 11,
Call office. Oakland.
Y< IUNG cow with second calf, Just after calv-
ing. Apply 350 Preclta aye.
TWO lmll-terrler pups; dogs prize pedigree;
$25 each. H. P., 2501 Mission st.
FREBH cow for sale. 1402 Valencia st.
SCHOONER yacht for sale; cheap; z5-ton. H.
BRAND. 631 Ellis St.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, baits and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
$66— UPRIGHT piano: good condition; $5 down,
$4 per month. 225 Sutter st.
SMITH Premier typewriter; use for one month:
fo: sale cheap. 2:>518 Market st.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
buildlnK material. H24 Mission; Tel So. 757.
BOILERS engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLI'MAX, Fremont & Howard.
LAUNDRY machinery, eng'nes. dynamos, electl.
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and
of Hce furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission f=t., above sixth.
FOR Sale — $5 up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains in new machines which
have !;" p n returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN, UMO Market st.
GAS fixturf-s very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-buwl barbT v.ashstands, cheap. HUF-
BCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and seoond-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
GKAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $5 per dor.;
Projectoscope, $100. Bacigalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill. sorii<\ hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay Bt.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving. etc.,
bought and 501d.^1063 Mission, near Seventh.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARFBNOTSR9, blacksmith*, plumbers and
good men at general work who are going to
liawson can on the way up work out $150 of
their fair, via St. Michael: leave May !. Ap-
ply The Gold Star Co., Mills building, S. F.
TICKET for the Yukon River for sale cheap.
2227. Taylor st.
A WEEK'S newß for 5 cents— The Weekly
r-iil. In wrapper, for mailing.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O* DO. .NELL, olfcce and residence,
1206 Market; diaeaeea of women a specialty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
ALL OVER TOWN ,t.""_
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN *
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
COTTAGE; attlo. stable and shop: reasonable.
Inquire 820^ Jessie. St., off Ninth.
I ELEGANT 8-rcom houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake: prices will surprise you.
1 MARCVSE & REMMEL. 628 Market st.
JONES, 1707— House of 4 rooms; sun back and
front. Near Broadway.
I $25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth st.
; NATOMA. 252. near Fourth— 3 rooms, every
convenience; rent $7. __— __
Fl HXIHHED HOtSES TO LET.
AT Sutter, 717, near Taylor— Choice; elegant;
sunny; appreciated If seen; please Investi-
gate: or furniture for sale cheap; optional.
COTTAGE of 6 sunny rooms and bath; ele-
gantly furnished; Western Addition. Box
1.J23. Call office.
FURNISHED modern house. 9 rooms, near
park; rent $<W. Box 1532, Call office.
$100—810 TAYLOR Et.; completely furnished
sunny house, 10 rooms and bath. Call be-
tween 1:20 and 4 p. m. ______
COTTAGES TO LET.
I COTTAGE, r» rooms, bath: stationary wash-
tubs: big cellar; yard. 52.' Shot well St.
SUNNY cottages of 4 tnd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1876 15th St., near Dolores.
$10— SIX rooms, bath; barn, chicken houses.
Corner Hamilton and Stilman sts., 2 blocks
from San Bruno aye. cars.
_Tu_TS TO LET.
A— We want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
! A RARELY beautiful flat; NW. cor. Sutter and
Scott: 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter St.
BEAUTIFUL flat, 8 rooms, bath, every con-
venience; rent $30. 1505 Geary st.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— A nice flat of 3
rooms, $7.
I BUSH. 12im— Flat of 8 rooms; gas; rent $13;
free. Apply 1211 Bush St.
CASTRO. 745, near 20th— Sunny cor. ' of Castro
and Liberty; most elegant new 5-room flat
with modern conveniences; basement, garden.
DIAMOND. 205, corner Nineteenth— Sunny cor-
ner, modern bay-windowed flat of 5 rooms
and bath; rent $15.
DORE, 318— Sunny flat of 4 rooms; furniture for
sale or to rent; rent $S. Bet. Bryant and
Bran nan.
FLAT, sunny 6 rooms, $14; also cottage, sunny
4 rooms, $10. Key 623 2d St., near Townsend.
FLAT; 5 rooms, bath, with stable; 18 Bylngton
st Apply 1621 O'Farrell st.
FLAT of 8 sunny rooms. 265S Market st. ; rent
$IS.
FLORIDA. near Twenty-fourth— Four-room
sunny flat; modern.
' GEARY. 2263— New flats, 4 and 5 rooms; bath;
$15 and $1!^
HARRISOM, 626, bet. Second and Third— Sunny
flat; grand view; 4 elegant rooms; $17; 11 to 3.
HAVES, 1739, and 1909 McAllister— Sunny flats,
3 to 5 rooms and bath; $7 50 to $15; near park.
i MOSS, 305— Large rooms; bath; key at grocery,
Howard and Moss sts., near Seventh.
NEW flat of 7 sunny rooms and bath; all
modern improvements, ?AX< 20th st.. bet. How-
| ard and Capp; 4 rooms and bath, 3442 20th st.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar; sun all day; $10.
NICELY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply 111 Liberty st^
NINETEENTH. 2954. corner Noe— Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room flat; $14; water free.
PINE. 665— Flat, 4 rooms; ba«.h and base-
ment.
POND, 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market: upper modern sunny 5-room flat;
$15; water free. '
BULLIVAN, 221, near Stanyan— 6 rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.^
sr.WN'Y. comfortable upper flat; gas; bath; In
j quiet neighborhood. 6 Ewer place.
i THIRTEENTH, 531— Sunny flat; rent cheap;
6 rooms: bath; car Market; apply pr.-rnis-.<.
4 NICE sunny rooms: rent $10. 2041 Harrison
at., opposite Eighteenth.
$11— NICE sunny flat. 2S Cedar avenue, near
Larkin st.
$2fr— HAIGHT, 475- 6 rooms, bath; laundry; 20
West Mission, 4 nice rooms, $S. NICOL, 410
Kearny St.
$9— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1025 Minna St.. bet. 11th and 12th.
$20—- NEW, modern sunny flats, E choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde at.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, fnr mailing
FURNISHED FLATS.
818 GROVE, bet. Webster and Fillmore— Sunny
furnished flat; R rooms; piano; (lower garden;
stable if desired; rent reasonable; references
given and required.
— — _^—^^^— — _______■■___—__———_■———__■— i
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
AT 522 Polk— Sunny suite; unfurnished rooms,
with kitchen; first floor; reasonable.
BURCH aye., 816, between Laguna and Bu-
chanan sts.— 2 rooms and kitchen, $6 month.
FIFTH. 314 — 2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rooms; bath: stove, closet; prlv.; $10.
FIFTH, 322 — Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping: r.-nt cheap.
FOLSOM. >7_— Sunny housekeeping room, com-
plete; rent reasonable; also single room.
FULTON", 41 Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GEARY, 1512 V. —3 comfortuble furnished rooms
for housekeeping; modern; $16.
GOLDEN GATE, 622— Three sunny bay-window
rooms; complete for housekpg; parlor Boor.
GROVE. 202, cor. Van Nese aye.— Must be
seen to be appreciated; those unfurnished 3-
rinim suites, with gfca st.'ye.
GROVE, 50S— Furnished front room; private
family; no children; rent reasonable.
HAMPTON place. 3, oft Folsom— B sunny bay-
window rooms; basement; yard.
HYDE. oil-Nice sunny front room, furnished
for housekeeping; running water; yard; $10.
LARKIN, 822— Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas Htove; also single room.
LEAVENWORTH, Ml. near Sutter— 4 furnished
housekeeping rooms, $16 a month; bath; yard.
MARKET, lii2S— 3 ruoraa furnished complete
$!u. Call rm.rnlnKH 9, evenings 7.
MINNA. 469— Nice furnished, with or without
housekeeping.
MISSION, 1063— Sunny connecting front suite,
2 or 3 rooms, complete houi«ekpg; gas; water.
NATOMA, 701, corner Eighth— 2 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; also single.
SIXTH, 124— Rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; bay-window suites; nlngle; reasonable.
STEVENSON, 642, off 7th, nr. Market— Sunny
front room; kitchen, complete for housekpg.
SUTTER, 2620 — Sunnji unfurnished parlors;
kitchen, laundry; use of bath; yard.
TURK, 543— Front rooms complete for house-
keeping; gas or coal stove; bath and gas.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny front suite, 3
rooms and kitchen; gas range; piano.
ROOMS TO LIST.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co.. 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city. £>•■; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON Houße. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
•unny rooms, en suite and single; nrst-cla*»
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny rooms, pretty view,
quiet house; baths, gas; vory reasonable.
AT Hyde, 609; Sutter, 715-717-719 -Fur niched and
unfurnished; choice and sunny; reasonable.
DELAWARE. 1161 Market— Furnished slngls
and double rooms, SS and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 113 — Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 50.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night,
50c to $1; week. $2 to ?6: families.
EDDY, 604 — Single or en suite; sunny bay-win-
dow rooms; bath, gas, piano; kitchen optional.
EDDY, 614 — Large handsomely furnished room;
closets, running water, bath; also small room,
$6 to $10.
ELLIS, 432— Sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms; all
conveniences.
ELLIS. 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and auttea for pents. $1 50 to $S week.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant *unny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 820— Nice clean sunny furnished
rooms, $1 per week and upward.
FULTON. 3, opp. City Hall — NJce sunny
rooms; $8 mo. up; bath and ras.
GEARY, 556, formerly HS— Large sunny front
rooms; suites and single; aiso light housekpg.
GEARY, 622— Newly furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; also single rooms; bath and gas.
QLOBE Houso, 821 Howard— Per Diffbt, &c to
$1; week, 91 to \i; reading- room; Howard cars.
ROOMS TO LET— Contlnned.
GOLI^EN GATE aye., 437 — Nicely furnished
front parlor double folding bed: grate: gas;
running water: large closet; also two bed
rooms; one single on front; large closet; one
largo: sun all dayj bath.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission: select family
rooming house: $1 BO to t X6^ per week.
HOWARD, 650— Furnished front sunny room
for one.
HOWARD, JIB. ST. DAVID'S — JOO rooms:
SCitee; Bingle; tunny reading room; JSo up.
HOWARD, 12174— Furnished room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family. ___________
LARK IX. »>3l- -Front room, with gas and bath,
in private f am ilyj_ ren_JS7.
M~4SON IS (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms single by the week, $1 50 to $3; suites,
$4 to $6: baths; hot water; transient: elevator.
McALLISTER. 51l— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $7 per month.
MINNA, 433—7 rooms jind bath.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week.
O'FAIIRELL. 210 A— Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other roomß. $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 219 — Central; new flat; unfur-
nished rooms, en suite or single.
O^F'TrRELL TTO^Handsome 6unny suite of
parlors; running water; grate; bath; gas;
private family^
OTARRELI. 231— New management, new fur-
niture- eWantly furnished sunny suites and
Bingle rooms; bath and gaa; rent reasonable.
POST 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
chiss in every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
SHFKMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St..
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
STEVENSON 253. between Third and Fourth—
Large rooms, good light, suitable for tailors'
workshops.
BUTTER 1111— Front suite, nicely furnished,
$12 month; houseeping suite, $12; Bingle room,
$6: all Funny.
TAYLOR, 109— c»ngte rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
large sunny room $2 week.
TAYLOR, 211— Suite of sunny front rooms; also
other front rooms; cheap.
TAYLOR, 407— T0 let, two large, sunny front
rooms: furnished.
TENTH I_:<. near Market— 2 large sunny bay-
window rooms; housekeeping If desired.
UPPER part. 3 sunny rooms, unfurnished; use
of basement and yard; aIBO house of 7 rooms
and basement. 3ji7 F"H st.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
GALINDO hotel. Oakland— Un to the times;
large sunny suites from $12: single rooms
from $6; board optional; handy to all trains.
ELEGANT sunny rooms; new house; new fur-
niture- also first-class meals; healthiest part
of Ban Francisco. The Slrius. 1505 Stockton.
ELLIS ."77 — Nicely furnished sunny front suite
with board for 2, 3 or 4; terms reasonable.
FULTuNrB33 (The Mizpah)— A qui>t family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite- exceptional table; terms reasonable.
FOI SOM 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $o per week; nice location.
HYPE 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board: Spanish; $36 a month up.
HYDE, 925— Sunny rooms; good board: pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
HYPE 1103 (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms;
good board; nice location; new management.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table '.oard. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. *4 week.
SUTTER, 1128 — Sunny suite: single rooms: nrst-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE L'.nnworth. r.:;2 Geary'— Remodeled; ele-
gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
TURK, Mt- -Large, nicely furnishel sunny !
r.»'m': bath adjoining; first-class board; $40 i
for two. !
VAN NESS aye.. fMis--Peantlful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished: with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WIDOW would llk« 2 children to board; fur-
hlshed room for parents. 51 Clara st.
CHILD to \> ard: best of care; terms $10; refer-
ences. 10M McAllister st.
ONE or two chll'lr.'n boarded; nice home;
mother's care; best reference. 1205 Laguna.
WIDOU' would like 1 children to board; near
school. 51 Clara st.
WANTED, by a Geiraan widow, a child to
boanl; healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dTMM box 1728. Call Office.
AN elderly lady will tike infants to board: a
mother"* <-ar<»: refer-n<~es. 23<H Sixth M.
STORKS TO LET.
A NICE larere store to let at 623 Post «t. :
rent $20.
A FINK oomer store, formerly occupied by a
drug store. 2904 Twenty-fourth st.
CORNER More with 3 living-rooms and cellar,
rent $20. Cor. McAllister and I'.roderlck sts.
KINK corner grocery to let. with fixtures;
northwest corner Post an<l Lyon sts.; rent
ehfU!>. Apply 340 Kearny st.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1234— Klegant store; six
living rooms; fixtures; complete; reas. rent.
TWENTY-FOURTH and Noe— Good business
corner; store, 4 rooms; stable. NICOL, 410
Kearny st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:8!)
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tion* nnd want ads taken. - .
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mm. M. Davies,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided;. kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted;, travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure tor all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects- taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 ' per box, sent free by
mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER 8R03.. 33
Grant aye.. S. F. - A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores nil cases of
monthly Irregularities from whatever cause)
in a few hours; safe and si. re at all times
when others have failed: no Instruments used:
home in confinement: cure $.",; j.ills $i; every
case guaranteed; consultation free and con-
fidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to S. MRS. DR.
WYKTH, MS Turk St.. near Jones,
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care: with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case:
they will find In her a true friend. MR3.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk St.
6URE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause: restore In 1 day; never falls; consulta-
tion free; can be sent and vised at home. DR.
POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by telegram.
LApIBS, Ctaiche«ter'l English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars..
"Relief for Ladies. " letter by return mall; at
druggists Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no Instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5.
ft 7 to S. DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1122 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
II 60. RICHARDS ft CO., 406 Clay st. : send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S Tren'-h pills, a boon to ladles with I
'emale troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland. Cal. i
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
irregularities; no medicine: no pain: lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4, 7-8. 2205V4 Mission st.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom st.. takes ladies
at her home in their cnnP.nement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister at.: diseases of wo-
men and children. •
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetr; infallible, safe rem-
edies; 38 years' experience. 2Mi^ Fourth st.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth st., Alamed*.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
'--• Coll. Sent to ; any address in the . United
FtattK nr fnnaila one y«»nr for $1 r.f). iK>!itaee
STORAGE.
TRT'NKS. 25c a mo.; other goods ct low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 330 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOOXAN. 10:7 to 102J
Mission St.. al ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rater — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. S4O Mission st. Tel. Mint 182 L
PIERCB-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.:
office. Tenth nnd Market; telephone South 166.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALLTwewrltenr^ioid and unted; few partTy
osed for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$4500. REDUCED FROM $8000.
Two lots on south File of Sixteenth st., be-
tween Sanchez and Market; 50x103:6.
Must be sold at once by order of client, hav-
ing special reasons t<>r selllnx-
Apply to A. RUEF, Attorney-at-Law,
402 Montgomery st
I
INCOME property sacrificed; 14 houses within
20 miles of San Francisco, bringing in over
$1950 per year to pretest owner; will ex-
change for city real estate or good collateral
securities; material discount for cash: loss
of family the reason for sale; investigations
solicited.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 403 Examiner bldg.
MODERN cottage and lot cheap: will take
vacant lot as part payment: balance monthly.
2670 Twenty-first St.. near Bryant; afternoon.
FOR sale or exchange: valuable piece of Im-
proved property of preat prospective value;
trade for lots. HOOKER & LENT. 14 Post.
THE REYNOLDS CO.,
New real estate firm rustling for business.
Call and see us. 403 Examiner building.
$500 LOT for $100: need coin. Come and see
THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
FREE- Our 60-page catalogue, with city map.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market Bt.
$4300— RENTS $50 monthly; store and flat;
WWrtern Addition. Inquire Call Office^
$10,000 WANTED on good income property;
private parties. Rox ir.22. Call office.
COUNTRY REAL. ESTATE.
Real Estate Agents,
6SB Market st.
SWEENY RANCH.
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County; in
tracts of 100 acres or less; rich soil; 'plenty
water; this property immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San
PY&noiftco; suitable for small home farms; price
below all former quotations and upon unusu-
ally easy terms.
A PRETTY COUNTRY HOME.
$3500 — A cozy 6-room house, with barn, wind-
mill and 1 acre of land, in a beautiful tract
near Redwood; an abundance of fruit and
flowers.
$1400 — Choice Income property in Redwood
City; half block of land; good house and barn.
FOR RENT.
A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated in the foothills west of Stanford
University, overlooking the Santa Clara Val-
ley and the bay; handsome furnished house of
12 rooms, bath, etc. : fine spring water, fruit
trees, stable ajid outhouses; will rent for a
term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran-
cisco.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market St., San Francisco, or Branch Office,
Redwood City.
SMALL California homes for sale by FRANK
M. WILLS, Antioch, Contra Costa County.
A— 5H-PAGE catalogue of city and country in-
vestments free. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
LOT 100x180; select part of San Mateo; $1100.
2501 Mission st.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
LARKSPIR REAL, ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
UN" . TRUST CO.. 132 Mnrket »t.
f- tOPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE FOR RANCH.
Lot 50x159; cottage. 8 rooms and bath; $3500;
clear; in Alame«la.
Lot 37:6x140; 2-Ftory house, 7 rooms, bath;
$4.",00; clear: in Aliimeda.
THE REYNOLDS CO., room 403. Examiner
building.
EXCHANGE FOR OAKLAND RESIDENCE.
K.-ineh 153 acres: 17 acres In grain, 3 in al-
falfa: small orchard: half acre in blackberries;
farming tools, stock chickens, etc.; Napa
County; price $4. r >oo.
THK REYNOLDS CO., room 403, Examiner
building. ________
EXCHANGE FOR BERKELEY RESIDENCE.
100 acres in Sonoma County: very fine land;
cost $80Ufi; will take $6000; cash trade: clear.
Tin: REYNOLDS CO., room 403, Examiner
building.
TO exchange r,r for sale— 3 Oakland restaurants
nnd ranch at Walrfut Creek; also city flats for
large piece cf San Francisco property. Apply
in Liberty ft. .
WK1.1.-lMl'll'iVßD ranch near San Jose to
trade for city, Oakland or Alameda prop-
erty. Box ir.l6, Call Vfflce.
WILL exchange merchandise for clear lota
south of park or across the bay. J. W.
WRIGHT & CO., 628 Marltft st.
PROPERTY WANTED. '
WANTED— To rent small ranch suitable for
raising poultry. Address box I'j29. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. .1.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. __^^^^
ANT amount at 6^ per cent on real estate; 2d
and ?.d mortgages, estates. renl estate in pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
$5 UP to any amount on Indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
POUGAN & CO.. 230 Kearny St., upstalra.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market tt. ; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up:
" private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
RKAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowert rat«S. Tlecker & Co.. 328 Montgomery.
Qt'ICK on furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls.: low interest. Rm. 6?. 1170 Market.
ANY sum Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Rnnm 7, WIR California st.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. :
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery St.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist nnd 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Brnnch office of The Call.
Rubscri pt I ona and nds taken.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. McAFF.E BROS., IPS Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
DENTISTS.
jJeW~YORK dentists; positively painless ex-
traction; teeth, per set, $5 up; gold lining,
75c ur; Bilver, 25c up: old plates made over,
$1 up: all work warranted; open evenings and
Sundays. 669 Mission st., corner Sixth, and
371 Hayes st.
A~FULL set of teeth. $5; Bee new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
• teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 144:; Market st., nr. nth;
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gaa given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 Market st., corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market. Academy of
Sciences bltig., sth floor: painless dentistry.
L A. TEAGUE, A. -CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
j Bubgcriptions nnd want ads taken.
CARPE- CI.EAX.XG.
CITT Steam Carpet eanlng Works; cleans,
n-->ves, lays carpa*- C H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 2».
WHEN you become disgusted :th poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
: r.ting Wcrks, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
, CARPETS cleaned, reno- Ued like new. J.
MCQUEEN, 461 tevenson st. : tel. S. 228.
! C'NHPETB cleaned at 3c per yard: relald at 3c
STRATTON, 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern i am Carp?t - Cleaning
Works, 14 Sth st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
! jr,;SB. MITCHELL C -.et-Cleaning Co., 2.1 14th
st.; cleaning Sc a yard; tel. Mission 74.
i J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration wks. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
i CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 533 Golden
j Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWA.Y.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$75 LOT. worth Jl.'O. in the AHe- dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland; J.". cash, $5 monthly;
build your own home cr we will build it for
you; payment as rent; all rtreets graded,
come macadamized; S electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best: call or rend for circu-
lar, 4C5 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, J»kland;
carrige free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
HANDSOME residence in Oakland.
Corner lot, .75x130; fine house; 10 rooms,
bath: concrete basement: barn: line residence
locality: cost $14,000; sell for $10,500. THE
REYNOLDS CO., room 403, Examiner Jldg.
$3500 — BEAUTIFUL new 9-room house; large
lot. 50x200: terms to suit; 6 minutes' walk to
local: 10 mlnute3 to City Hall: be sure and
see It. WILLIAM P. TODD & CO., i . .
Broadway, Oakland. _^_______^___
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HOUSEjTtO LET IN OAKLAND.
Corner cottage. 5 rooms $17
Lower sunny flat, 0 rooms 11
Upper modern flat, 6 rooms 14
2-story neat C-room house 18
Choice sunny S-room house 22
10-room residence, fine 50
These and many more, both larsrer and
smaller. WM. M.DEWOT.F. 10 r >S Broadway.
OAKLAND HOVSKS.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath; barn;
large yard; lawn and tennis court: for rert
cheap; centrally located; 589 Twenty-fourth
St., near Grove. Apply to owner, K.
FRAXKE, Oakland PicKle Factory. 1622
Grove st.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
FURNISHED room; reasonable; for gentle-
man. WE Linden, near Seventh st.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
SUNNY rooms; excellent board; desirable
neighborhood; central; private. 1427 Franklin.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE, 562 Eighth «t.
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms.
with board; private: larjre yard.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
special Notice.
first come. first served.
just like pating rent.
$1200, $1700, $1800. r^OO. $1600, $3000.
The above are 'ovely cottages, which have
been thrown on ■" market for non-payment
of Installments, and they -re now offered at a
great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4. 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
aln-'-t new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out and Invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 628 Market st.,
San FranclKCO. Open Sundays and holidays.
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schcolhouse.
$1500—S acrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2550— 5150 cash: $25 per month: lot 40x160: only
2 blocks from station and hlffn school.
$3750— New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150: choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H P. MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park st-
GIVEN Away— s3ooo: l"t 55x104; cottage 6 rooms
and hnth: southwest cor. Park st. and
Blamllng aye.; property on easy Install-
ments in all parts of Alameda. C. J. LAN-
CASTER. Real Estate Agent and Notary
Public 1340 Park st.. Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$12f>0— A VERY great bargain: house and lot:
improvements cost $1100: easy terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station. _
$.ir.'> EACH— 6 lots fronting on Grove St.: street
work all done: cars pass the door: an unheard
of bargain. JOS. .. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station. ______^
NEW house of S rooms in Berkeley; cheap. In-
qulre 253 Fourth, corner Foisom.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es' electrical, civil and mining enginearing;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1592; catalogue.
AIRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual Instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $30; low rates per week and month.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by pro-
fessional; terms very reasonable. Address
Box 16«3. Call Office.
UNIVERSITY clinch— Newel Perry, Ph. 8., Fel-
low in Mathematics. U. C. 2407 S. Atherton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley; write for circulr.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. fW Market.
ENGLISH, Latin, mathematics, literature, a
■neclalty; hours S a. m. to 12 m.. and even-
Ings. MISS ROULSTON. 776 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room .172. 555 Market st.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French,
Spanish ; new classes: ?2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bdg.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. •
"sEWISG MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 146 Sixth st. ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged.* rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth at. . : -■ : -.
«16 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
- ■ scriptions an.l want ads taken. : - • . .
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, . May ;2.
Nor stmr s Titanla, Egenes, 3 days 18 hours
from Nanaimo.
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May I— Schr
Lyman D Foster, for San Francisco. ■:
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 2— Stmr Farallon, for
5 ea " TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS. •'•*
' MARSEILLES — Arrived — Britannia, New
York. - ::,',.•
NEW YORK— Arrived— Massachusetts, Lon-
don.
LIVERPOOL— Nomadic, New York.
GLASGOW— Arrived— Assyrian. Philadelphia.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed — Friedrich der
Grosse. New York. ■,
HAMBURG— PaIatIa, New York.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted marriage
licenses yesterday:
P G. V. Vouraky and Marie B. Doxey, 28-19.
G. Van Koughenel and Marie Larsen, 29-29. j
Lee Matson and Emma Jarvlneu. 27-24.
F. A. Anderson and tfSUen McKearney, 41-26.
- A. ■G. Patterson and Marie Anderson. 42-47.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must ba
handed in at either of the publication offices
and bo Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
BA.RROWS— At Mayflower Mine. Forest Hill.
April 12. l*? s - to the wife of James E. Bar-
rows, a daughter.
BENSON— In San Jose. April 28. IS9B. to the
wife of Victor A. Benson, a son.
BOWSER— In Rccklin, April 22. IS9B, to the
wife of James Bowser, a son.
GLASS— In this city, March 29, ISBS, to the wife
of Fred H. Glass, a son.
M.'FARLANT>--In Tulare. April 29, 189S, to the
wife of C. G. McFarland. twin daug-hters.
MACKENZIE— April 2S. 1898. to the wife of
C. F. Mackenzie, a son.
MADDEN— In this city, to the wife of H. A.
Madden, a daughter.
M \K('ELL— At Mayflower Mine, Forest Hill.
April 12, IS9S, to the wife of Walter Marcell,
a son.
PALANDINI— In Calistojja, April 27, 1898, to
the wife of Felix Palandini. a daughter.
RADKE— In CalistOßa, April 2fl. IS9«, to the
wife of A. F. Radke. a daughter.
STRASSER — To the wife of H. Strasser, a son.
MARRIED.
CHEYRIAS— BASCOM— In this city, April 30,
1898, by the Rev. Dr. Wilson, S. Cheyrias of
Oakland, and Mrs. E. M. Baseom of Berkeley.
DONALI*— HAWLEY— In Re. Hands, April 27,
1898, by the Rev. J. Frank Hamilton. Martin
Donald and Frances Hawley.
FERGUSON— STEWART— In Rediands, April
2S, IS'JS. William T. Ferguson and Helen
Steward.
JOST— TURNER— At Weeds Point, near Comp-
tonville, Anrll 2S, lSys, by the Rev. H. C.
Lanpley. F. H. Jopt and Georgie It. Turner.
LOWTHER— FOG ARTY— In Redding, Shasta
Omnty, April IC, ISPS, Qeorge Lowther and
AijneF Fogarty.
REINKCKI-;— MORRELL— In Newcastle, April
tl IMS, William 11. Roinecke and Clara Mor-
nll.
THORNTON— HA I" PT— ln this city, April 2*,
1-^ v by the R-v Philip Coombe, Hubbard
K. Th..rnt..n of Heuldsburg and Nellie M.
Hnu: t ■■!• \'h'\- nlal".
DIED.
Avers, Elizabeth 11. Knlpe, Millie J.
Brannan. Thomas Lueders. Carl F.
Breuer, Hermann I.ynd. Rev. William
Chada. . T u!ia Ifatsch, Annie .1.
Debenedetti, Anpela O'Brien, Michael M.
Fahey, Mary A. Pannelee, George E.
Flnren. Jacob H. Payne, William F.
Frane:s. Emella Rielly. Tbomai
Hardlnx, Captain J. Savich, Nick
Hart, Harry W. Bcanlon, James
Hobson, Thomas H. Sllsby, Willis R.
Hummer, Cecil H. Thompson, John
Junes. Miss June Tooker, Eugene B.
Johnson. Lottie M. Tucker, john
Keith, Susan E. Woods. Rose E.
AYElif— ln this city. May 2. IMS, Elizabeth,
Harter, dearly beloved wife of David M.
Ayers, mother of James 0., Rosa C. and
Frank P. Ayers. and sister of Ebc-n S. and
Lafayette Harter and Dehora Taylor of De*
Koines, lowa, a native of Swanton. Lucas
County. Ohio, axed 60 years 5 months and 1
day. (Dcs Moines papers please copy.)
C™lnterment will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at Mountain View,
Santa Clara County.
BRANNAX-In this city. May 2. 1898, Thomaa.
beloved husband of Alice Brannan. father of
Addle, BtrawilUe, M. and Kittle Rr.vnnan,
and brother-in-lnw of John J. Feour, a na-
tive of Ireland.
(tTNotlcn of funeral hereafter.
BREUER— In Oakland. May 2. ISM, Hermann,
beloved husband of Catherine Breuer. and
father of Annie, Richard and George Breuer,
a native of Kirn. Amt Himmelpforten, Pro-
vinz. Hanover, Germany, aged 32 years 3
months and *> days.
IT?"Fri"n(]«! and acquaintances are respect-
fully invit.-r] to attend tho funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, MSB wood street, West Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
CHADA— In Salinas City. April 29. 1S!)S. Julia
Chada, agred 2.i years and 2 months.
DEBENEPETTI— In Halfmoon r»ay, May 1.
IS9S. Angela Debenedetti, beloved mother i f
Joseph Dehenedetti. Mrs. C. Cere»rhlno and
Mrs. O. Montevaldo. a native of Italy, aged
72 years.
(CTho funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), from her late residence, Half-
moon Bay.
FAHEY— In this city. May 2, IW, of diph-
theria, Mary Apncs. beloved daughter of
Michael and Kate Fahey, a native of Sun
Francisco, aged 6 years.
FIXREX— In this city. May 2. IS9S. Jacob H..
beloved husband of the late Marie C. Flnren.
and father of Harry DegTOOt, Mrs. J. G.
Chima and Chris S. and Jacob Finren, a na-
tive of Amsterdam, Holland, aared «7 yearß
3 months and 3 days. A member of Golden
Gate Lodce No. 3, K. of P., and U
Turn Vcrein.
CrTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tO-raotTOW
(Wednesday), nt 1:30 o'clock, from his lato
residence, '808 Jessie street, near Seventh,
thence to Pythian Cnstle, 903 Market street,
where funeral services will be held, Com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. V.
Cemetery.
FRANCIS— In this city. May 2, IS!>S. Emella.
beloved twin daughter of W. V. and L. A.
Francis, a native of San Francisco, aged 18
days.
HARDING— In Alameda, May 1. 1898. Captain
John Q. HardlnK, a native of Boston. Mass..
ai*ed 71 years 1 month and 24 days.
" £.:? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite. l to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer
Hall, San Francisco. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HART— In Auburn, April 27, IS3S, Henry Way-
land Hart, a native of Illinois, aged 50 years
and 6 months.
HOBSON— Near Michigan Bluff, April 2S, 1898.
Thomas H. Hobson, a native of California.
a?ed 32 years.
Hl'llMEß- In this city. May 2, IS9S, Cecil H..
beloved son of Elsie Hummer, a nat.
Los Angeles, aged 1 years 5 months and IS
days.
JANES— Xa Paeadena, April 26, 189S, Miss June
Janes.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 1. 1898, Lottie
M.. beloved wife of Frank B. Johnson,
mother of Berdie and Leonard Johnson, sis-
ter cf Laura. Minnie. Bert, Charles, Harry
and Leonard KJ-.ight and Mrs. Nettie Teager,
and Fister-in-law of Mrs. J. Perigo, a native
of Xewoort. R. L, aged 21 years and 4
months.
(C7FTlfnd!s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2354 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Bridgefß Church for services. Interment
Mourn Calvary Cemetery.
KEITH— In Lafayette, May 1, IS9B, Susan
Ellen, beloved wife of John "W. Keith, aged
67 years and 4 months.
(C?" The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at U o'clock.
KNIPE— In this city. May 1, IS9B. Millie J..
bc-loved and youngest daughter of Theresa
C. and the late Captain Thomas J. Knlpe.
and sister of Mrs. Theresa C. Rust, Mrs.
Ida B. Fuller and Mrs. Mamie F. Levalley.
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 3
months and 3 days.
C^"Frlend« ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother. 141S Vallejo street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
LI'EDERS— In this city. May 2. IS9B. Carl
Friedrich Wilhelm. dearly beloved and only
child of Carl and Ellse Lueders, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 17
clays.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite"] to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of hid parents. 526 Eddy street, near
Larkin. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
LYND— ln'Beulah Park, East Oakland. May 8.
1868, Rev. William J. Lynd. a native of New
York, aged 78 years 9 months and 11 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, from St. John's
Church, corner Grove and Eighth streets,
Oakland.
MAISCH— tn this city. May 2. IWS. Annie
Jane, beloved wife of John E. Maisch. daugh-
ter of William and Jane Craven, and sister
of Peter, John anl Edward Craven and Mrs.
P. Knapp, a natf-'e of New York City, aged
3." years and 24 i ft,
[["?"Frienrl9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12 o'clock, from her late
resldeaoe, corner Hyde and Lombard streets,
thence to St. Brigld's Church, corner Broad-
way and Van Ness avenue, where services
will be held. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery, by carriages.
O'BRIEN— In this city. May 1. 1898, Michael
Morgan O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged
73 yean.
It?- Remains nt the parlors of McAvoy A
Gallagher. 20 Fifth street.
PARMELRE— In the City and County Hospital,
May 1. 1898, George Edgar Pa .melee, a na-
tive cf New York, aged 76 years.
PAYNE— In this city. May 1. 1898, William F.,
beloved son of • Edward F. and Isabella
Payne, an.l beloved brother of Edward F.
Payne, a native of Ogden, Utah., aged (
yean and 6 hionths.
RIHLLY— In this city. May 2. IS9S, Thomas,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Rielly,
father of Mrs. Fred Rndn, and brother of the
late Michael. John and Barney Rieliy. a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland, aged 69
years.
SAVICH— In this city. May 1. 1898. Nick Sav-
ich, a native of Podl. Boeche dl Cattaro, aged
32 years 10 months ami 20 .lays.
IC^The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Russian
Church. 1715 Powell street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SCANLON— In this city. May 2. 1898, James,
beloved husband of Annie Seanlon, father of
Rosanna, John Joseph and Winifred H.
Seanlon. and brother of Patrick Seanlon and
Mrs. Harry Smith, a native of County Lei-
trim. Ireland, aged 30 years.
C^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 240 Sweeney street, off Sliver ave-
nue, near San Bruno road, thence to All
Hallows Church, where a requiem high
mat's will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FILSBY— In the Yuba County Hospital, April
X, tag, Willis R. Siisby, a native of New
York, aged d year?.
THOMPB" >N— ln this city. May 1. IMB, j onn
Thompson, a native of England, aged 70
years.
TOOKER— In Oakland. May 1. 1593, Eugene 8.,
-husband of the late Sophia Tooker. and
. father of Lottie Tooker, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. V.. aged 42 years.
- ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
Albert Brown. 468 Thirteenth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
TUCKER— An : anniversary high - mass of re-
quiem for the repose of the soul of John
Tucker, will be celebrated to-morrow (Wednes-
- day), at 9 o'clock, at ■■ St. Ignatius Church.
Friends are respectfully Invited.
WOODS— In : this city,' Rose Ann, beloved
mother of Enos. Joseph and Vincent Wood*
and Mrs." Robert Kennedy and Mrs. W. H.
Young, a ■ native of County Tyrone, Ireland,
aired C 7 years. ■, r^^teWP^y^aßW^'WjiMtHWliliWW 2
V^Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
- fully ' invited to attend the . funeral ■ this day
(Tuesday), 'at S:3O o'clock, from : her late
• residence, ■ 1025 Folsom ■ street, thence . to : St.
♦ Patrick's . Church, where a solemn ; requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
" soul, commencinE at 9 o'clock. Interment
' Holy Cross Cemetery. 4 ■ '- ■ • ■ ■ - -"
McAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FCKERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
20 riFTH ST.. Opp. Lincoln S:iojl.
Telephone, South 80.
JAS. * ENGLISH. T. R. ; CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBA,LiIEKa
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 : Van • Ness '■■ eve., near ; Market at.. '• San
Francisco. , Telephone So. ' iii. ■ -
1314
CALIFORNIA READY TO AID
THE SICK AND WOUNDED
THE parlors of the California Ho
tel were not large enough to con
tain the men and women, or rath
er women and men, who respond
ed last night to the rail of the presi
dent of the Sanitary Commission and
Red Cross League Besides San Fran
cisco's patriotic ritizens. there were
delegates from Berkeley and Oakland
Red Cross societies, and representa
tives from various organizations, all
eager to enroll themselves under the
humanitarian banner with us or to be
come auxiliary to San Francisco's
league.
The main business of the m«ettnflr
consisted in the appointment of an er
ecutive committee, composed of the
leading philanthropic women and the
foremost business men of the city.
This committee will meet on Wednesday
afternoon. May 4. at the home of Mrs.
John F. Merrill, its presiding officer, on
the northeast corner of Van Ness ave
nue and Washington street, at 3.30
o'clock. The committee will decide up
on a place of business centrally lo
cated, upon the personnel of the va
rious sub-committees and upon the
plan of campaign to be acted upon at
once.
The most enthusiastic of last night's
orators were worn eh. They even re
proached the men with a lack of patri
otic ardor. But a hearty "We're all
right!" from the rear brought about
a better understanding.
Berkeley's High School is the first
upon the roster of auxiliary members
of San Francisco's league. Her three
representatives present last night were
CALIFORNIA'S RED CROSS SOCIETY PREPARES FOR ACTIVE DUTY.
brimming with enthusiasm. They are
thoroughly acquainted with the course
pursued by the national association
and are ready to fall in line.
Although various plans were dis
cussed, it seemed to be the general
opinion that the Red Cross League and
Sanitary- Commission of California
owes its first duty to California's sons.
After that is the nation, and then the
suffering at large — to Spain Itself, if
the war shall be prolonged and the
Red Cross Commission find itself in
the field. The surgeon- general of Cali
fornia was present to answer questions
from those interested in supplying the
needs of the Sanitary Corps of the Na
tional Guard — pressing needs, if our
men should be called upon, which it
will take $9000 to satisfy. Contribu
tions toward making up that $9000 were
offered last night, and as soon as the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whole Family Cured of
SKIN HUMORS
My wife had on her limbs five small pimples
that began to enlarge, developing into eating
ulcers, which, despite efforts to cure them,
grew -worse, eating to the bone. "With two
bottles of Coticura Resolvent, one box of
CcrricrßA (ointment), and one cake of Crm-
ci'ka Soap, she was cured in two months.
I was afflicted with papular rash, from
•which I could not rest day or night. My skin
became in a very bad fix. Cuticdka Keme-
i»rE3 cured me in one month.
My baby girl was afflicted with Eczema, her
limbs from her knees down were one solid
sore from which she suffered greatly. With
Cptictba Remedies thera was a complete
cure. A. A- McLARTY, J. P., Winn, Ga.
CUTICURA WORKS WONDERS
The cures daily effected by the CcncußA
Remedies of torturing, ; disfiguring, and humil-
iating skin, scalp, and blood humors, with loss
of hair, are so wonderful as to seem almost
incredible. Yet every word is true. They are
beyond all doubt the Vrentcet skin cores, blood
purilierg, and humor remedies of modern .times.
SrBSDTCoti TxuTict.ii FO* ErrBTKI!«T>OFBLOO©
and Ski* Ucmob. — Warm b>tb« with Cctictba SoAr,
gentle »no!ntlnir« with Cvticcsa [ointment), «nd mild
do**t at Cwiccba He«oltext. cre»teit of humor cures.
Sold throughout the world. rorrzs Din atd Cnnc
Co«r.. Bole JPropi.. Boatoa.
Of How to Cure Every Skin and Blood Humor," (res.
finance committee has been appointed
the matter will be taken up systemati
cally.
"We're fighting as surely for our
country in this full membership of ours
under the Red Cross," said an ardently
loyal woman who addressed the meet
ing last night, "as though we had
shouldered muskets and marched away
with the soldiers from the Presidio,
who are already at the front."
The president of the commission as
sured those present that not one dollar
of the sum to be contributed should be
expended except for the purpose for
which it had been given. In the event
at a speedy termination of the war, it
should be returned by the Bank of Cal
ifornia to the patriotic, open-handed
Con I •■'. a.-' "J •'?■
When the meeting adjourned it broke
up into countless small Red Cross
leagues, which continued in eager dis
cussion in the lobby of the hotel, dawn
the stairs and out into the street.
♦
ORGANIZED FOR
FUTURE DUTY.
Oakland Red Cross Society
Prepared for Active
Service.
OAKLAND, May 2.— The impetus and
encouragement given the Red Cross or
ganization of this city yesterday by the
enthusiastic and popular ovation at
the First Congregational Church was
felt at the meeting held this morning
at the Ebell rooms, to discuss ways and
means for future work. The attend
ance was large, considering that no
formal request had been sent any or-
ganizatlon to send delegates.
Mrs. G. S. Abbott, the society's
president, said in calling the meeting to
order: "This movement has been so
spontaneous that it has been impossible
to organize until to-day. Your names
and addresses are now being taken in
order that you may be hastily called
together in case of need. That time
may never come, but we must be ready
in case it does. We desire the enroll
ment of every loyal woman and man
too, under the banner of the Red Cross.
The blanks will be carried by all dele
gates and officers of this society and
may be found in M. S. Smith & Son's
store on Broadway. It reads as fol
lows:
"Desiring to co-operate with the
charitable and humane purposes of
the International Red. Cross Society, j
for the relief of the suffering, and to
mitigate the distress of the afflicted,
whether by war or famine, flood or
pestilence, we cheerfully enroll our
names as members of the branch of i
the Red Cross Society, organized in !
Oakland.
"We therefore declare ourselves as
ready to serve our country to the !
best of our ability, with such dona
tions of money, food, clothing or
medical supplies as our society may
be called upon to furnish.
"We have moved slowly, conserva
tively, not full of enthusiasm to die out.
Yeaterd&y showed public opinion. It j
was not a Red Cross meeting, although j
the work was touched upon by every
speaker. We must have a Red Cross
meeting where women can be heard.
The work cannot be done without the
men, but women can talk."
The question of the financial needs
was then presented for discussion, and
brought forth some very pertinent re
marks. Following are the names of
some of the speakers and their opin- I
ions:
Mrs. Amy Requa-Lang, wife of Cap- j
tain Lang of the First United States
Infantry-— Take what is offered us for |
running expenses and a reserve fund,
but do not ask for money until we are
called upon for it.
Miss Ray Frank— "ln time of peace
prepare for war," Action has already
begun and we may have needs soon.
Mrs. Albert Miller— l know the people
of this State, of this county, and I know
that any call made upon them will find
a ready response. We want no en
tertainments nor dances. We are ready
to give.
Mrs. J. G. Lemon — This is a perma
nent organization. California has had
none like It and any funds left on hand
will always be needed. It is a move
ment for times of peace as well as for
times of war.
Mrs. Franklin Bangs— It is useless to
have burdens of a lot of money on °ur I
hands. We only need enough to pay
our expenses. Any call made will u«- .
met with a spontaneous answer. Have j
a reserve fund as large as possible of j
medical supplies and necessary band
ages.
Mrs. F. B. Ginn— Wait until we are
called upon; when called upon we'll not
wait.
It was announced that the Ebell So
deLv ha 4 donated the use of their rooms 1
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 3, 1898.
and appropriated $20 to be used in pre
liminary expenses. The Sequoia Chap
ter of Daughters of the Revolution also
gave the organization $20.
The ladies are exceedingly anxious
for the public to understand that this
is not an Ebell Society adjunct. They
being an organized body of women took
the initiative, but there their part
stopped. While many of their members
are interested and have joined as indi
vidual members, it is easy to see from
the following list of officers and the
executive committee that they are in
no way controlling it. The officers, to
gether* with the delegates from various
organizations, constituted an executive
board as follows:
President, Mrs. G. S. Abbott; secre
tary Mrs. J. G. Lemon; assistant, Miss
Mary Keene; tr-asurer, D. Edwards
Collfns; financial secretary, Mrs. F. B.
Ginn;. press reporter, Miss Mollie Con-
Vice-presidents. Mrs. Alice Bunnell,
Mrs. J. K. McLean. Mrs. Paul Lohse,
Mrs. D. Henshaw Ward, Mrs. J. <».
Lemon, Mrs. Daniel Kent. Mrs ;
Charles Webb Howard. Mrs. Robert
Watt, Mrs. George D. Gray. Mrs. Ed
ward Pringle. Mrs. J. J. Warner. Mrs.
Oscar Long. Mrs. George W. , Perc >>
Mrs. Albert Miller, Mrs. Charles M.
Cooke, Mrs. Henry Wetherbee, Mrs. F.
Dunwoody. Mrs. General Mickler, ..Irs.
C W. Kinsev Mrs. Albert Sutton, Mrs.
S." T. Alexander, Mrs. E B. Beck, Mrs.
G B Bayley, Mrs. F. M. Smith, Mrs.
Franklin Bangs. Mrs. F. E. Ginn, Mrs.
W. H. Friend, Miss M. E-Babson Mrs.
P. D Brown. Miss Ray Frank and the
following delegates: Mrs. Giles H.
Gray. First Congregational Church,
Mrs. Sarah A. McClees. National Wo
man Christian Temperance Union. Miss
Minnie Smith, Mizpah Christian En
deavor Society, First Methodist Episco
pal Church; Miss Marion Walsh. Junior
| Red Cross, No. 1 Lincoln School; Miss
■ Clarissa Morris, Ladles of the Macca
i bees; Mrs. R. K. Beach, Mrs. M. J.
; WatiiP-Thorne, Tenth-avenue Baptist
! Church: Miss Alice B. Wythe, Oakland
I City Christian Endeavor Union; Miss
Cynthia P. Lent, Alameda County
i Teachers' Benefit Association; Mrs.
' Elizabeth Yorkers. Presbyterian
i Church; Mrs. Oscar F. Lonp. .it. Paul's
! Episcopal Church; Women's Baptist
: Foreign Missionary Society; Mrs. John
' Bakewell, Trinity Episcopal Church;
1 Mrs. M. Marcuse, Daughters of Israel:
Mrs Sol Kaiin. First Hebrew Congre
gation; Mrs. S. M. Martin. First Chris
! tian Church; Mrs. Albert Sutton, Hay
wards: Mrs. J. L. Lyon, First Baptist
| Church.
The chairmen of the committees are:
Finance. Mrs. F. B. Ginn; nurses, Mrs.
John Yule; records. Mrs. John Russ;
surgical material, Mrs. Dr. Knox; or
ganization, Mrs. Franklin Bangs, Mrs.
F B. Oinn. Mrs. J. G. Lemon; Mrs. A.
B. Nye, Mrs. W. H. * riend.
Military medical methods — Not ap
pointed. Other delegates from local or
ganizations should report as soon as
appointed to Mrs. Abbott, 118 Eleventh
street.
The question of organizing the school
children was considered and brought
before the assemblage on motion of
Mrs S. M. Martin, Mrs. Dr. Myra
Knox, a member of the Board of Edu
cation said: "I doubt the wisdom of
this move. It will greatly interfere
with their school work and should not
be allowed."
Miss M. E. Bab'son responded: "It
would break **"**r hearts if they were
not allowed to participate in this
work." *
Mrs. J. G. Lemon said she remem
bered the "Inconvenient misunder
standing" and it was her greatest hap
piness that she had been permitted to
send needed articles to the sick and
wounded soldiers.
Superintendent MeClymonds of the
City Schools said: 'The limit of the
amount of patriotism being taught in
the Oakland schools is the limit of the
patriotism of the corps of teachers from
the Superintendent down. If any one
in this city can tell us a better way we
are ready to learn it. You will appre
ciate Dr. Knox's position when you
realize that every new thing seeks the
pupils of our public schools as a method
of introduction. The conservatism of
the Board of Education is owing to this
fact. We are teaching patriotism in
the schools and we can teach human
ity through the Red Cross. Ido not
believe it will interfere with the school
work, if you ask them to organize and
await instructions. The organization
will satisfy them for the present. The
Bchools are bound to be disturbed as are
all lines of business by war. We don't
want to get up any undue excitement,
but if we are ready and it becomes nec
essary to do any work, all well." It
was decided to ask all of the schools to
organize auxiliary branches and re
quest them to send delegates to the
executive board. Miss Thompson, of
, the Lincoln School, who organized the
first Junior Branch and Miss Marion
Walsh, its vice-president, were present
during the session.
Miss C. P. Leit, of the Alameda
County Teachers' Association, an
nounced that a special meeting had
been called for Saturday morninsr to
discuss the formation of auxiliary
branches.
Miss Holt of Mills College brought the
greeting of Mrs. Mills and thirty-five
young ladies who desired to co-operate
in any wp-- possible.
Miss M. E. Babson was appointed
custodian of the enrollment blanks and
each one present was given one to se
cure signatures. When filled they are
to be returned to the Ebell rooms,
where Miss Babson will care for them.
Miss Ray Frank and Mrs. J. G. Lemon
were appointed delegates to represent
this branch at the meeting to-night in
the California Hotel, San Francisco.
A telegram was ordered sent to Mias
Clara Barton, notifying her of the or
ganization of the society, its readiness
to support her and answer any call
made upon it.
Miss Alice B. Wvthe. president of the
Oakland City Christian Endeavor
T'nion, announced that there were
thirty-five societies in the city, ready to
respond to any call for relief work. She
asked whether they should come in as
individual members or as an auxiliary.
She was Instructed to have them or
ganize themselves and come in as an
auxiliary.
READY NOW
FOR WORK.
The California Red Cross
Society Prepared for
Duty.
The California Red Cross Society is now
well organized. No funds to carry on the
work the society proposes to do have yet
been called for, but already $261 in cash
and promises that are as good as cash
have been given the executive officers.
The Grand Parlor of Native Sons, while
in session at Nevada City a few days ago,
gave $100 of that amount, and last night
A. Mack of the firm of Mack & Co. added
another $100. A lady who desired not to
be known handed the president $20 at last
night's meeting. Mrs. William Alvord
sent a check for $20 to the treasurer a
few days ago, and Mrs. A. Goodman of
111 Turk street followed Mrs. Alvord's
example. Miss Isabelle Dennison, a little
girl of San Mateo, was the first of the
contributors to the fund, and as soon as
the society was first formed she sent a
big, round dollar to help the work of
humanity that the organization has de
cided to perform.
As soon as the meeting was called to
order last night Mrs. Herrington, the
president, announced the appointment of
the following executive committee: Mrs.
John F. Merrill, Mrs. Louis Sloss, Mrs.
J. G. Clark, Miss Hanilin, Miss Dimond,
Mrs. L. L. Dunbar. Mrs. P. Lilienthal,
Mrs. W. H. Mills, Mrs. A. N. Town?, Mrs.
Lowenberg, Mrs. N. G. Sanburn, Miss
Gwin, Miss Anna Beaver, Mrs. George
Law Smith, Dr. Charlotte Blake Brown,
Miss McKewen, Miss Greer, Mrs. Anna
Brice, Mrs. S. W. Backus. Mrs. M. B.
West. Mrs. William Alvord. C. L. P.
Mantis, Governor James H. Budd, Mayor
Phelan, W. H. Mills, Horace Davis,
Colonel Smedberg, Colonel Backus,
Adam Grant, Wintield Jones, P. Lilien
thal, John F. Merrill. S. Knight, R. H.
Webster, W. J. Dutt<>:i, Charles K. Bish
op, A. Mack, Rev. Father Wyman, Rev.
Horatio Stebbins, Rev. Dr. Foute, Charles
L. Barrington, W. S. Barnes, William Al
vord, P. Crowley, R. J. Tobin, Dr. Hop
kins, Dr. McCarthy, Dr. John Gallwey,
Rabbi Voorsanger and Dr. Hanson.
The ladies of the above committee will
meet on Wednesday afternoon at the res
idence of Mrs. John F. Merrill, 1732 Wash
ington street, at 3:30 o'clock, to decide on
some plan for the ladies to work on to
carry out the plans of the organization.
The gentlemen of the committee are ex
pected to be present if It is possible for
them to do so. Rev. Father Wyman will
arrange for a meeting of the gentlemen
of the. committee to prepare some plan of
action for the men to pursue at a time
wnen it is convenient for the men to
meet. Sub-committees will be appointed
from both branches of the committee and
between the two some plan for interesting
all the societies and organizations in the
city will be arranged.
Rev. John Coyle, who represented the
High School Red Cross Society of Ber
keley, proposed that all the organizations
of the State that are now formed and
that might hereafter be organized should
work under one central body, and he
asked that the society now assembled as
sume the central body and that arrange
ments be made so that there should be
co-operation with similar bodies all over
the State. He nsked that the society he
represented be permitted to be the first to
place its organization on the roster of the
Red Cross Society of California-
Miss Ray Frank was present as a dele
gate from the society recently organized
in Oakland. She said she came to offer
the co-operation of the organization on
the other side of the bay.
A. Mack of Mack & Co. had little to
say, but he wanted to offer to the Red
Cross some substantial aid in the way of
giving $100 toward the fund of carrying on
the Rood work.
J. B. Stetson asked for information
about the Red Cross Society and the work
it was to do.
Dr W. D. McCarthy of the sanitary
corps of the National Guard replied that
there was great need of medical equip
ment for the soldiers who are now being
called out. The National Guard was defi
cient if it should be called upon to he put
on a war footing, and there was every
prospect that it would be.
Mrs J. G. Lemon further informed the
meeting that California should have a
permanent organization of the Red Cross.
It is a. great power for good work in time
of peace or in war. We should have an
auxiliary to the national society and
stand ready to be called to help in reliev
ing want and suffering from no matter
what cause. In times of floods or great
fires that are almost national calamaties
we should be ready to assist in giving
relief. The Red Cross Is one of the broad
est charities on the face of the earth.
Professor Bacon of Berkeley also of
fered some Information of the work that
might have to be done by the society.
"The present war," he said, "might now
be almost at a close. Next weeik may see
the last battle that may be fought in the
present struggle, but when it is over we
will have Cuba on our hands. It will
be an island of desolation and suffering.
We have taken a great moral responsi
bility on ourselves and the Red Cross will
be called on to succor a people left far
more desolate than those left in the trail
of even the most barbaric war ever
fought." —
"We need aid for the suffering Cubans
and for our own boys who might be called
to the front at "once," said Rev. Dr.
Foute. "We should at once commence to
prepare to give it in a systematic way.
and I would propose that funds be at once
collected to equip the regiments that may
be called from this coast with ail th«
necessities and supplies they may re
quire."
Dr. Hopkins, surgeon-general of th«
National "Guard, in reply to questions
said that about $!*OO would be required tc
provide the 40<*> men who have been called
from this State with all that they ur
gently needed to fit the medical corps fqi
a campaign.
After all the discussion a resolution waj
adopted to the effect that the society
agree to lend its efforts to supply th«
California reglmpnts with their needs foi
their proper sanitary care, and that th<
organization be known as the California
Red Cross Society.
Addle Ballou, who represented Martha
Washington Council, Daughters of Lib
erty, asked that the council be enrolled
second on the roster of the society.
♦
Red Cross League.
; ALAMEDA. May 2.— A meeting: 01 ladles
of this society will be held this evening at
the residence of Mrs. George S. Mastick,
918 Pacific I avenue, i for i the r purpose of
organizing a branch of; the Red Cross
League.' ..:. A . number - of ' invitations \ have
been sent out to representative ladles and
a . goodly attendance ; is .; expected.-, .; After
the league shall have been organized it is
intended to call :ai mass-meeting of s citi
zens: to take I action ;. toward raising funds
for the ; work of the league. ,
. - Set oar il Eyeglasses. 710 Market & U O»ar^-
HUNTINGTON
WORKED HARD
FOR NOTHING
He Explains That Pacific
Roads Are Only a Bur=
den to Him.
Professes Willingness to Tell Every=
thing and Volubly Fails
to Tell It.
C. P. Huntington appeared before the
Railroad Commissioners yesterday and ad
mitted without reservation that he was
president of the Southern Pacific. He
indicated a cordial willingness to admit
other things, and may yet have the op
portunity, as the inquiry was hardly
more than opened when it was cut short
by adjournment until 10 o'clock this morn
ing. Mr. Tuntlngton was on the stand
from 1 o'clock until 3:45. At the end of
this period he was somewhat weary, the
shorthand man had a mass of notes and
the spectators were ready for a rest.
Of course it is generally understood that
the Commissioners are acting under a
decision lately given by Judge Morrow of
the United States Circuit Court. They j
are given statutory power to fix rates, j
but not until the company at interest
shall be making a profit. Judge Morrow
declared that it was competent for them
to find why the company was not making
a profit; if the earnings were being di
verted to the corruption of courts, Legis- j
latures, newspapers or individuals; that if |
this could be shown to be the case, the |
power of the Commissioners still inhered, j
The first endeavors in the direction of j
ascertaining the facts had been balked
temporarily by an injunction, and that
Judge Morrow dissolved the injunction
was the circumstance which made possi
ble the proceedings of yesterday.
C. P. Huntington is an impressive in
dividual. When he entered the room
there was a ripple of excitement. Faith
ful attendants were with the man of
many millions. H. E. Huntington was at
his elbow, Dave Neagle, known as a gun
tighter, was close by; "Old Pard" lias
sett brought a farmer-like presence into
the scene, and glowered upon Hunting
ton, who either did not know or did not \
care. The President sat at the end of a ;
long table. On one side were ranged the I
members of the commission— La Rue,
Clark and Hinton. La Hue sat in the
center and asked the questions from an
extensive list prepared in advance. Clark
said nothing. As to whether he sawed
wood there was no evidence. Hinton did
not often speak, but when he did he
demonstrated that he was watching the j
trend of the occasion, and was anxious to j
get just the kind of information Hunting- !
ton was anxious not to give.
There were many little by-plays which i
were interesting. These did not appear |
as answers to direct questions, but were i
thrown in by the witness or by Hinton. j
Mr. Huntington adverted 'several times to!
his sense of gratification at being able to
enlighten the commission, and Mr. Hinton
intimated that if the witness would only
tell all they had a right to know the sense
of joy would be mutual. The absence of I
a lawyer -or of somebody accustomed to I
examination of witnesses was noticeable.
Attorney Genera.l Fitzgerald had been
there at the opening, but he withdrew, as I
the Commissioners thought they could get
through without him. Mr. Huntington j
adjusted his skull cap, got the head of his I
cane where he could consult it readily, |
took the oath administered by President |
La Rue, and was ready to be interrogat
ed. Previous to this the resolution under
which action was to be taken had been
read. According to this resolution action
had been set for May 11, but at the re
quest of the witness the time i-ad been
advanced.
In a voice not particularly strong or
clear Mr. Huntington explained the
status of the Southern Pacific It was a
company operating many roads, but or
ganized particularly for the operation of
j lines in the West. Its stock was, the wit
ness thought, he was not sure, about
$150.00 > 000. of which about $120,000,00") had
been issued. The present value of the
j stock was 12 or 13 cents. The road had no
j income, that is, it earned no dividends. It
never had earned dividends, and if the
rates were to be cut it never would. The
witness detailed how various minor lines
had been absorbed, but the attempt to get
him to state the value of these lines was
a failure. They had been secured in ex
chanpp for Southern Pacilic stock, the
proportions being different in different
instances. Sometimes ten shares of stock
' had been secured for six of the Southern
; Pacific, and sometimes the stock obtained
had been worth more per share than the
stock given for it.
But in trying to find out what any par-
I ticular piece of property had been worth
I at the time of purchase or absorption, or
its worth at present the commissioners
were utterly baffled. "It had no market
value" was the invariable reply. If
as.^ed its worth now he would say that it
had nn market value, not being for Bale.
"If any one wanted to buy it," he contin
ued, "we might fix a price." But he gave
out the impression that nobody would
want to buy anything which had to be
operated at a loss. It was a peculiar fact
brought out during the examination that
no matter what had been the market
value of a stock, when once embraced in
the Southern Pacific system it lost that
value and became part of the load that
Huntington and his associates were car
rying There was no explanation as to
why they persisted in making this load
Mr Hinton persisted in knowing how
certain individuals had seemed to acquire
so much property from the Southern Pa
cific- but he did not find out. Mr. Hunt-
Ineton informed him that no money had
ever been made out of a California road,
that the builders of the Pacific lines did
not receive from the Government a suf
ficient subsidy to reimburse them that he
himself had put large sums Into these
roads in the hope of some day making
them valuable and getting the money out
At this point Hinton was observed to
It was suggested to Mr. Huntington that
when the stock of the Southern Pacific
was exchanged for other stock the gentle
men manipulating the transaction must
have had an idea as to the relative values.
The suggestion was lost upon the witness.
He sought still to establish his point that
the Southern Pacific was a burden. He
had worked for many years, had put
much effort into the building of this sys
tem, and his reward in his old age was a
road which had never paid anything and
the income of which, pitiful as it was. un
grateful people were anxious to curtail.
He told how he had worked as a boy on
a farm, but this was incidental nnd not
directly drawn out by anything that had
been asked him. "I am not so young as
I was seventy years ago," he remarked, in,
brackets.
The examination would have possessed
no element of interest except for the ex
cursions taken by the witness, and al
though these might be wholly irrelevant,
he was never checked, but came back to
the subject in his own good time.
"I am very glad." he said once, "to be
able to tell all about the Southern Pa
cific There seems to be a misunderstand
ing in relation to it." Yet, stripped of
extra words, all he told about it was that
it was a struggling corporation, to which
good men had devoted their lives and for
tunes, getting no return. He distinctly
averred that he had never made a cent
out of the Southern Pacific. He had nut
money into it, hoping and praying that
there would some time be a return. He
The facsimile ";y^^y>^ m^J rmm> - i* on every wrapper
1 ' signature of VAa/ZzMlSik of CASTOEIA.
told what had been dope for the State.
Land in the San Joaquin Valley had been
given a value of $50 an acre where it had
had a value of $5 or less. Everybody had
made money by the building of the South
ern Pacific except the men who had built
it. Even the narrow-gauge line to Santa
Cruz was not profitable. The witness saw
that this statement created a ripple of un
faith, and repeated it. The second ripple
was of a similar character.
only once did -Mr. Hiuuinprton decline
to give information. This was In regard
to the Mexican International, which he
said had nothing to do with the Southern
Pacific, but was an independent enter
prise. When he was shown that it figured
In the last annual report us a part of the
Southern Pacific, he was surprised and
expressed a willingness to tell .'ill h^ knew
about it. The r.sult was that while he
talked for several minutes lie pave abso
lutely no information. He was not quite
certain; the books would have to be
consulted; he had forgotten this and that.
So the commission gained nothing. He
related how the Morgan line had been
snapped up at a bargain. Morgan had
died and the widow wanted to dispose of
the property "I got it at a bargain,"
said the witness, "paying only $7..J00,000
for it." Thus he spoke throughout of
millions as another man might have
spoken of dollars.
Inquiry developed the fact that the Mor
gan line's found their way into the South
ern Pacific: that the stock was reckoned
then at $150 a share, but that when it be
came part of the great corporation which
Iluntington carries as a load the stock
of the road remained at the same old
level; the owners still worried about the
certainty of daily bread. Not only ha«l
Mr. Huntington made no money out of
Pacific roads, but he did not know that
anybody fdse had. All the money the
roads had earned had been put back in
them so as to Increase the earning capac
ity. Any cut of rates was out of the ques
tion. It* would inevitably result in cutting
the wages of labor, to the payment of
which fio per cent of the income was now
devoted. "I am close to the laboringmun."
said Mr. Huntington. "I would be sorry
to do this."
There were many questions which, while
necessary, were not of public interest.
There were many more bits of personal
history which, while not necessary, were
of public interest. Mr. Huntington de
tailed the fact that in building up the
system he had handled $300,000,000 and in
dividually had not made a cent. He ex
tolled the high character of those who
had engaged in the work with him. their
unselfish endeavor, their lack of reward.
Finally he was asked the ■<!ilue of the
Southern Pacific, and just here Hinton
interjected something about watered
stock. But Mr. Huntington would not ad
mit the watered stock, and claimed that
the stock and bonds outstanding repre
sented the value of the road.
The sum f.f the testimony so far has
hren that the Southern Pacific is a com
bination of hard-working men struggling
to make a living, and sadly handicapped
by the determination of th^ public for
w : hosc sole benefit the concern is run, to
cut down the rates, which are already so
ruinously low that -with difficulty is the
wolf kept from the Huntington door.
LOOKING FOR
SPEEDY SHIPS
Prompt Decision of the Gov
ernment to Re-enforce
Dewey.
Indication That ths Australia and
Gaelic Will Bo Char
tered.
Evonts of world-widp importance which
must immediately follow Commodore
Dewpy's magnificent conquest at Manilla
are destined to bring San Francisco into
prominence as the base of operations on
the Pacific. Coal for the cruisers and
supplies of all kinds for the squadron in
Asiatic waters will be shipped from this
port. Already San Francisco is dividing
honors with New York and Key West as
a point of prominence from a naval and
military reckoning.
Yesterday and last night the wire con
necting the Navy Department in Wash
ington and navy headquarters In this
city were busy transmitting important
messag.es concerning the employment of
a swift expedition to convey to Commo
dore Dewey supplies of fuel, food and
ammunition.
George H. Griffing, pay Inspector United
States navy, was directed by the Secre
tary of the Navy to charter two of the
speediest steamships at this port for im
mediate dispatch to Hongkong. This mes
sage signifies that the President and Cab
inet have resolved to sustain Commodore
Dewey in holding the advantages gained
by the valor and nerve of his gallant
squadron. At this time no one can fore
shadow the. complications that may arise
in the occupation of the Philippine Islands,
but the fact Is obvious that naval opera
tions, on the Pacific are to cut a much
larger figure In the calculations of the
campaign than many of the commanders
first imagined.
The swiftest steamers of large class in
this port at present are the Australia
and the Gaelic. It Is highly probable that
the Government will demand the services
of both. Negotiations for the charter of
the Australia were entered into vesferday
between John D. Spreckels Bros. & Co.
and Pay Inspector Griffing. The points at
issue necessarily involved free interchange
of ideas and figures over the wires.
The Gaelic Is owned by English parties
and is chartered by the O. and O. Com
pany.
Robbery and Burglary.
Emil Leonard, the one-armed footpad,
who has been terrorizing the vegetable
gardeners in the M:.- ion diptriot. was
booked at the City Prison yesterday on
charges of burglary and robbery. On April
3 he entered the residence of Guiseppi
Oasaretto. Thirty-first and Clement av
enues, and stole a quantity of Jewelry
and $fi in coin. O n April 21 he broke into
the house of S. Kayo, near Ingleside. and
at the point of a gun robbed the occupant
of $17 50.
Seriously Injured.
Fred R<nm. a carpenter, workinp on a
I building In course of construction at Tay- ,
| lor and Washington streets, met with a j
j serious accident yesterday morning. He •
; was carrying a heavy pirre of timber on |
1 his shoulders, when his foot Slipped and ;
' he fell, the piece of timber striking him ;
ion the head. He was taken to the Re- |
j celvlng Hospital, where it was found that «
i his skull was fractured and that his j
j chances of recovery were doubtful.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B_ B _- B _H-B-B —
Ev'.'-V '' •:'5a 1 « a i
a ISO ■ B
■ DECEPTION a
■ , ■ HERE. □
_L For you get your money back If our _
■■ shoes are not as represented. That's ■
I our way of dnins business. We are |
■ now making' special efforts to increase Ft
I our trade, and for next week will of- ™
i fer great inducements. Ladies* Extra
M Quality Chocolate-colored v lcl Kid Q
| Button Shoes, with Brown Cloth Topi i
ma and Narrow Coin Toes and Tips, Re- __
I duction price $1 85: sell regularly for $3. ■
SSI 15^^^ i
q - i ii -i-i ■ - v " _ g
I Ladies' Best Chrome Chocolate-colored I
a Vici Kid, Southern Ties, with Brown sa
™ cloth Tops, Narrow . Square Toes and
I Tips and Hand-turned Soles; require no I
E3 breaking in; very easy on the feet; re- fl
| duced to $1 15. Have always sold . for i
m "a patriotic emblem given with every n
■ A patriotic pmblem given with every W
I purchase. Country orders ■solicited. |
ra Send for new Illustrated Catalogue. ■
| Address T
I B. KATCHINSKI, J
J. PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., H
' B 1.0 THIRD ST., San Francisco, g
■-■-■-■-■-■-■ — ■-■-■-lit
AUCTION
OK REAL ESTATE
Probate, Referee, Executor, Assignee,
Administrator, Administratrix and
Miscellaneous Sale,
MONDAY. MAY 9th, 1898
At 12 o'clock M,
At SALESROOM, 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
the following properties:
REFEREE SALE— Dunn E*tßt«. ,
The four following properties, by order of Gustava H.
Umbsen, sole referee of the Dunn estate:
Ist.— No. 140 Minna street, N. W. line. 336 feet N. E.
of Third street; thence N. E. 25xS0 feet ; rents. $52.
2d— 3. W. corner of Page and OctaTia streets, 40x?7W
feet. 2 2-story ami-basement bay window houses of 8
rooms and bath each ; brick foundation ; rents, #58.
3d.— lmprovements and lot 59^x80 fee', situate N. E.
corner of Minna and New Montgomery streets, fronting
80 feet on New Montgomery street ; rent*, SluO.
4th.— Lot situate N. W. corner Sanchez and Duncan
streets, west, 80x114 feet.
J. S.HOLLIDAT ESTATE
Executor's Sale.
8. E. comer of Haight and Steiner streets ; 3-« tory
building, store and concrete basement and 3 upper
floors, and 2 2-story-and-baaenient bay window houses I
rent*, $120 per month ; a good business corner; 58x74.
ASSIGNEE'S SALE.
Th» equity above mort«aKe of *?. 153.30 in proxiertr
No. 937 Shotwell street, B. line, 'JO feet N. of 24th street;
house of 10 rooms; rent, i 16; 22x100. -,>-. : -
PATRICK LANNON ESTATE.
Executor's Sale. •
No. 164 Clementina street, N. W. line, between 2d and
3d streets; improvements. 3 tenements; rents, s36; 25x80.
RICHARD SAVAGE ESTATE.
Administrator's Sale. »
Lot situate S. line of Filbert street, 137H feet E. of
Kearny street : 24x77: 6, with an L 3: 6x60.
LOUIS D. QUIG LEY ESTATE.
Administratrix' Sale.
Lot W. line of Eureka street, 50 feet 8. ci 19th street,
25x80.
A GOOD MISSION CORNER.
8. E. corner of 17th and Dearborn streets, between
Valencia and Guerrero streets; 3 houses and 2 flats)
rents, $61.50; both streets accepted; houses could be
raised and stores put underneath and be made one of
the best paying investments in city; 51x100. -VS.' ■ •
CORNER ON BRYANT STREET.
E. or S. E. corner of Bryant and Victor streets, be-
tween 7th and Bth streets; 10 houses in 18 tenements!
rents, $200 ; lot 275x56:3.  , .■.
FELL. STREET.
385 Fell street, between Gough and Oeta»la streets ;
t-etory house of 10 rooms and bath; 27 : 6x120 to Hickory
avenue ; house could be converted into Bats at little ex-
pense, and room for another house ; mortgage of $4,000
at 7% can remain.
FLATS ON HAMPSHIRE STREET
832-2H Hampshire street, between 20th end 21s»
streets : 2 flats of 5 rooms each ; rents, $26 ; bay win-
dows, brick foundation, etc. ; 25x100.
SEVENTH STREET INVESTMENT.
Nos. 442-44 7th street, S. W. line, 80 feet N. W. of
Bryant street ; front house in 2 tenements, and rear
bouse ; brick foundation ; stone walks ; rent. 832; 25i8S.
I Further particulare, catalogues, etc., cheerfully glTea
at our office.
* G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneer*.
14 Montgomery Street.
' jpb- TOR
"JL 'I FINE TAILORING
/osstk PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
fSM$&i., ■ WORKMANSHIP, at
fflWmsM 25 per cent Less than Other
P WWI Tailors Charge, Go to
. Wjoe-poheim
/ f^'Kl All Wool Suits to( tl 9 to $3 T
/ .Pp Order from «p I Z ro <J>UU
ill Pants from.. . . $4 to $ 0
5^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St,
844 and 846 Market St.,
: 8110 and 1112 Market St, San Francltxo.
COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale D«»ler in - :
Foreign and California Coke.
■VMRD :
300 to 308 Howard Street,
Corner Bcalc Street. •
OFFICE-813 FOLSOM STREET.
-1. am, . 1 V or FADED HATR RFSTORED to
f» |7 £i ¥ vomhtul color and heautv by DX.
■ HAYS' HAIR • HKALITL Re-
_„.„, d^ii'lruiT anil scalp disease. Don'c stain
1 «HiT rovers BALD sputs. A.h«..tntely harmless.
T^rtre bottle* .V>cents, at dru«(d!>t«. Ketnil agents.
sRVERCfcNTAGE i-HASUai V. 063 Market st.
q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
-"ifSjl' Museum of Anatomy
, ' p^l^ ICSI UAESET ST. bat. 6th ft 7th, S. T. Oii.
O ■ W The LMRCstoniskindin tb'? Worlo.
I^pL \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
; IKtßwjl '"'■' Consultation frt*. H" rite for T»ok
Wl I^Philosopiiy^of Carriage.
. • U MAILED TREC.
'■■-'.-.-•-
Hl!l!l.!ljl!lt1iI3
[HAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- ■
Colored' Spots,. Aches, • Old Sores, Uictrr» M
Bin Mouth, Hair-Falltns? Write COOK KKM- ■
EDYCO., : 213 MASONIC /TEMPLE,.' CHI- ■
CAGO, 'ILL.; v for .-proofs of cures.. Capital t
■ $o00,{)00.'; ; Worst cases cured in \i> to So days, a
BSuOU,OOi). book free. ■--:.■■.- iv Ifr to H day% m
100-pagre book free. H