VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 104.
SPAIN`S TACTICS WILL
BE LICENSED PIRACY
Some of the Vessels of the Pacific Coast Naval Auxiliary Fleet. These Steamers When Fitted With Guns Supplied by the Government Will Be Able to
"Stand Off" Any Spanish Privateers That May Attempt Their Capture.
WOULD PREY
UPON OUR
COMMERCE
If Hostilities Begin the
Spaniards Intend to
Pursue a War of
Privateering.
MADRID, March 13. — El Imparcial says: The Govern
ment is momentarily expecting to receive the report of the
Spanish commission, which, it is understood, will maintain that
the Maine explosion was internal. Although the American
commission may give another explanation, the Government
will energetically uphold the Spanish reports.
MADRID. March 13. — The
view held In official circles is
that Spain -will not provoke a
war, because if she did she
would find herself isolated, but
If America gives the provoca
tion, Spain will not be alone in
the struggle. The general opin
ion Is that in the event of war
Spain will not need to attack
American territory. It will suf
fice her to pursue a war of pri
vateering. As America's com
merce is seven-fold greater than
Spain's, American interests
would suffer most. War would
benefit neither nation, and good
sense therefore counsels peace.
PARIS. March 13.— The Temps says:
Spain does not deceive herself when
eh« counts upon the sympathies at
least latent of European Governments,
but it would be a mistake for her to ex
pect any actual support from either
Great Britain or the Triple Alliance.
Before all she must rely upon herself.
Benor Castillo, Spanish Embassador to
France, has returned to Paris.
LONDON, March 13.— The Sunday
Special published from its Berlin corre
spondent an interview with United
States Embassador White on the atti
tude of the United States toward Spain
and the Cuban situation. Embassador
White, according to this dispatch, de
clared the statement that the United
States had entered into an alliance
with England and Japan absolutely
without foundation.
"The Americans," Mr. White is re
ported to have said, "will never bind
themselves by such an alliance. Presi
dent McKinley's administration cannot
act against the tradition which holds
all suoh complications in America's In
ternational relations as wrong. Least
A of all, will it do this tor the sake of in
• terests in the Far East. The fear of
*war with Spain must not be taken too
seriously. The J50.000.000 credit is no
proof that the United States is going
to war, since the Government has long
demanded such a credit for the purpose
of harbor defenses. This, however, had
been postponed, owing to the niggardly
policy Congress had hitherto pursued.^'
The San Francisco Call
The Special characterized as "quite
untrue" the statement that the United
States had filed large orders with Herr
Krupp, and added: "America possesses
ammunition of all kinds and war ma
terial in the Government factories suf
ficient for every emergency."
Lieutenant Allen, the United States
military attache at Berlin, is reported
by the Sunday Special correspondent
as confirming Embassador White's
view of the situation on the strength
of private advices that have reached
the American Embassy, alleging that
the Investigations of the American
court of inquiry clearly indicate that
the sinking of the Maine was not due
to accident, that substantial evidence
to this effect has been discovered, but
that owing to the excited state of pub
lic feelings these facts haveybeen with
held from publication.
The Daily Graphic editorially sug
gests that there is still time remain
ing that can be utilized to negotiate an
agreement to refer the Maine mat
ter to arbitration, to ascertain
the true facts and to decide
as to the nature or the indem
nity, if any be due to the United
States. "England," says the Daily
Graphic, "would sympathize with a
war for the liberation of Cuba, but if
the United States goes to war it must
be in a Just cause and after every
effort to secure an honorable peace has
been exhausted."
The Paris correspondent of the Daily
Mail declares French support of Spain
"would not exceed platonic sympathy,"
and that there is no likelihood that the
friendliness of Austria or Germany
would extend further.
The Times, commenting upon the cor
diality of the interview between Presi
dent McKinley and Senor Polo y Ber
nabe, the new Spanish Minister to
Washington, and commending the Pres
ident's policy, says: "Mr. McKinley
cannot more surely tranquil! ze Ameri
can opinion and secure a fair field for
his pacific endeavors than by convinc
ing the American people that he is
prepared for all contingencies."
Guns for Fort Stevens.
PORTLAND, Ore., March 13.— A 10
lnch rifled gun for the fortifications at
Fort Stevens, at the mouth of the Co-
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898.
HAVANA HARBOR WAS
PLANTED WITH MINES
One Spanish Pilot Told in Detail of
the Manner in Which a Ship
Could Be Blown Up by Touch
ing the Button.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 13. — A special to the Post says: "I know
positively that there were mines in Havana harbor, unless they have been
removed within the past two years," said Captain Gronmeyer of the German-
American steamer Castillia this afternoon. Captain Gronmeyer runs to this port
regularly. He is well known in shipping circles, and his reliability is unquestioned.
"My ship was about to enter Havana harbor in the spring of 1896," Captain
Gronmeyer continued, "when we were signaled to stop. A Government pilot
soon boarded the vessel, and I inquired the meaning of the signals. He promptly
replied that mines were being placed in the harbor. Every foot of the harbor, he
said, was being mined, drawn off in squares and each square connected with a
numbered key board on land, so that it would only be necessary to press a button
communicating with a mine under a ship to blow it to atoms. I was interested
in the matter, and the pilot described in detail, so far as he knew, the manner in
which the explosives were being arranged. After leaving Havana harbor 1
thought no more about the mines until I heard that the Maine had been blown up."
lumbia River, arrived here from the
East to-day. The big gun will be
shipped to Fort Stevens to-morrow, and
will be placed in position In a few days.
FILLING A HEAVY
ORDER FOR PROJECTILES.
Unsual Activity on the Sabbath at
the Carpenter Steel
Works.
READING, Pa., March 13. — The
promise of a contract for projectiles
amounting to over $1,000,000 in value,
made to the Carpenter Steel Works,
kept the entire plant in unusual activ
ity to-day. The work was hurried all
along the line of projectiles in the main
plant, on the erection of three new
buildings begun yesterday and in get
ting the Diamond Steel Company's
Works (which have been re-leased)
Into running order.
Masons, carpenters, machinists, steel
smelters and makers and a score of
other classes of workmen were on duty
and in two weeks the company will
have a plant increased to double the
present capacity and will probably em
ploy 750 men. More shipments will be
made to-morrow by order of Govern
ment officials.
PROCTOR PRAISES
SOUTHERN PEOPLE.
Loyal Spirit Cherished in States
South of the Mason and
Dixon Line.
CHARLOTTE, N. C, March 13.—Sen
ator Proctor passed, through Charlotte
to-day. He talked freely except on the
subjects of Spain and the probability
of war. He said that the most gratify
ing thing he met on his travels was the
splendid conduct and spirit of the
Southern people. He felt that it was
worth the total cost of all preparations
for war to demonr*rate what a ster
ling loyal spirit was cherished through
ENGINES READY
FOR INSTANT USE.
ATLANTA, March 13.— Orders were received here to-night by the
master mechanics of all the railroads entering the city to have every
snglne oiled up and ready for use at a moment's notice. AH railroad
houses and yardß are lighted up to-night and a full force of men are at
work— an unusual thing for Sunday night.
A trip to the round-houses of several roads did not elicit any in
formation. Those in charge said the engines were merely fired up for
?rnergency and that they always kept some ready to be sent out in
:ase of a breakdown or putting out of extra trains. It was denied
that any orders had been received to have any extra number of en
gines ready for use, though the report was current around the shops
that a movement of troops was expected early in the week.
Acting under instructions believed to have been received last night,
:he Western and Atlantic shops had on a full force to-day. Engines
tvhlch have not been in use for a year and freight cars abandoned some
time ago are to be overhauled, and all rol'ing stock is bunig repaired.
The conference of railroad men in Washington to-day lent color to the
report that emergency work had been ordered on several of the roads.
Although it is denied that such an order has been issued, it is known
:hat information reached Atlanta last night looking to the rushing of
this work.
out the South as he had seen it. He
said he had gathered sor facts, but
did not know Just what bearing they
might have on the presei t situation.
He would have to learn the situation
at home before he co d even judge
fairly of the knowledge he had gained
on the trip.
McKINLEY
NOT SEEKING
HOSTILITIES
Will Do AH in His Power
to Avert War, but Not
Compromise Honor
and Dignity.
NEW YORK, March 13.— The
Herald's Washington corre
spondent telegraphs: Getting
away from the warlike influences
pervading the War and Navy
departments, I endeavored to se
cure to-day a survey of the sit
uation regarding Spain and
Cuba through the spectacles of
eminent persons who went into
the administration from civil
life.
At the "War Department, at the Navy
Department, even at the State De
partment, they are looking at the per
plexing question from short range.
From the office It Is only the tick of a
telegraph to General Graham's head
quarters of the new department of the
South at Atlanta. At the Navy office
it is only a quick call to Key West,
where Admiral Sicard is waiting with
magazines filled and steam np. All
hands are on tiptoe, because all hands
have had something to do with the
arms for the defense and the spending
of $50,000,000. Therefore in these de
partments the entire Cuban-Spanish
question is scrutinized entirely from a
standpoint of hostilities— not how it
can be adjusted with satisfaction and
honor to both countries, but how It can
be adjusted without war or with war
and how long war will last, and wheth
er it will be a land war in Cuba or a sea
war off the Atlantic or Spanish coast;
and whether we will declare war or
leave that to Spain— always war, war,
war!
By this I do not mean that the
army and navy are jingoistic, because
they are not. But environment ob
scures the view, and that is why I
sought other persons in close touch
with the President to-day for light.
This information, which was thus se
cured from men who have exceptional
advantage for knowing, is that Presi
dent McKinley refuses to entertain the
thought that Spain and the United
States are going to fly wantonly at
each other's throats. The Herald dis
patches regarding the President's
course under certain conditions have
been entirely correct. The only thing
the Cabinet objects to is that they have
been too truthful, and, looking ahead
at what seems to every man of sense
to be inevitable, as they have done,
have • brought " the \ administration face
to ; face J with : conditions "i which* may
seem perfectly clear "to-day, but which
do not ; actually and officially exist and
which are certainly \ not comportable. : .
•• I There is ■ no report from \ the Board :of
Inquiry ypt, and Captain i- Maxix has.
PRIO^> iflpTE CENTS.
not been maintaining a bulletin serv
ice with the White House either. It is
on the report of the Board of Inquiry
that the President or Congress, or
both, must act. The President does
not profess to deny that he has not
been Impressed with the opinions of
others that the Maine was blown up
by an external explosion. But the only
information upon which he will act as
Continued on Second Page.
;I j ADVEETISEMENTS.
i/Htelfffisffi!& The jungles of
— WaJufFi Africa are not the
only places in
jrt^S^**7rtSE9JHi t^ ae worlc * where
v^^^vaiuCilM^g^W a man courts
REi^rtk V f**wfim yi death ' from an
JvijW * ■^tBRA--- unseen foe. All
YWV .< ■ '^tfZjM the savages of all
SjjnHfwff/ -■' "^* l |k the barbarous na-
wftM|B|Vtion9 of history have not slain
/7™|i» one *^ c ot the men that hava
.■•■-■ . * been killed by that dread assas-
sin— consumption. .One-sixth of all tha
deaths in the world are due to it.
: Dr. Pierce s Golden Medical Discovery
cures 98 per cent; of all cases of consump-
tion. It cures by going ;to ' the very root
of the — imperfect ' and : improper ■ nu-
trition. It corrects all disorders of th«
digestion, makes the ", appetite keen and
assimilation ■ perfect. It drives out tha
impurities from the blood and fills it "with
the life-giving elements that build up the
body. It is the greatest blood-maker and
purifier. When you pump rich, red, healthy
blood into an organ it cai^iot long remain
diseased. This is true of the lungs.. New
healthy tissue is built up in them and the
germs of consumption , are • driven -; out.
Thousands have testified, to their cure by
this great remedy. Druggists sell it.
Ralph Green, Esq., of Yl'llliamsburc Callawaj
Co., * Mo., writes: *• " Before ■ I commenced > youi
treatment I could not take « drink of water with,
out great suffering in my stomach I could not
eat. - I was fast sinking and did not weigh mow
than 135 pounds. .-,: To-day I weigh , 157. I had
five different doctors examine me, and each on«
treated me without doing me any good, At last
I took four or five bottles of your ' Golden Medical
Discovery,' and to-day am in better health than 1
have been for five years. • Whenever I see any of '
my friends suffering I tell them of your medicine
and advise them to write to you." ■ ~
•C ' ■-*• •"' It is : better to do "„
Dr. Fierce s mending while the •
j"* # - 7^ .damages is slight,
than wait until the whole structure is ready
to fall. Constipation is the one, all-embrac- ,
ing disorder that is responsible' for many
Other ; dis- wy* ■•-" ' •' J . ,• 1- ■y. eases. ' Doc-
tor Pierces PlCaSant Pleasant/
Pellets ' cure v ' w "~ s * " "T; it. Drug,
gists sell them. They never gripe. One
little "Pellet" is • a gentle laxative, . and
two *a : mild cathartic. , They " are tiny, ;
sugar - coated granules. n f f .
Nothing ; else is J'* just- as MPIIPfS
food." A permanent cure, * VIIWWi
■—-.—. — -2
IT WOULD
INCREASE
ALL TAXES
How Revenues Must Be
Raised in the Event
of War.
Many Articles, Including Tea and
Coffee, Upon Which the In=
ternal Revenue Taxes
Would Be Higher.
NEW YORK, March 13.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: In
creased taxation and another bond is
sue will be necessary if the United
States is to po to war with Spain. In
less than a week fully one-fifth of the
$50,000,000 appropriated by Congress for
national defense has been expended
and pledged for emergency contracts.
Payments on contracts which have
been made and on others which are to
follow will be extended over several
months and if the country stops short
of war it is possible that not all of the
$50,000,000 will be paid out. and in that
event the present revenues of the coun
try will be sufficient to gradually fill
up the hole in the treasury cash bal
ance made by the preparations.
The whole treasury situation was
gone over at a conference at the White
House a week ago when it was de
termined to ask for emergency appro
priations. It was then suggested that
Congress be asked for $100,000,000. Sec
retary Gage opposed this, however, on
the ground that if so much money was
to be taken from the treasury in addi
tion to the current expenses of the Gov
ernment additional taxation or an issue
of bonds would be necessary. He said
that the treasury could spare $50,000,000
from the cash balance without danger,
but he opposed giving any more for
preparations than this. It was pointed
out that $50,000,000 would be sufficient
to enable the President to begin the
work of providing for national defense
all along the line. If the crisis should
pass without war nothing more would
be needed. On the other hand if war
should occur, or even if the war scara
should be prolonged without actual
hostilities provision could be made for
further expenditures before the first
appropriation was exhausted. Should
war with Spain follow immense expen
ditures all along the line would be
necessary and steps would have to be
taken to meet them.
Both Secretary Gage and the leaders
in Congress are fully alive to this fact.
Representative Dingley, Chairman of
the House Committee on Ways and
Means, told me that while it was re
alized that war or preparation expen
ditures much in excess of $50,000,000
would make it necessary to provide
more money either by an issue of bonds
or by additional taxation no steps in
either direction had yet been taken. He
said he had not formulated any plan of
additional taxation.
If war Is declared there will be little
delay in putting the treasury in po
sition to meet the demands made upon
it. It is realized that at the beginning
of the Civil War a serious mistake was
made b^- not increasing taxation at the
start. It was not until the war had
been in progress for three years that
the revenue of the Government was
brought up to what it ought to have
been, at the start. This delay in taxa
tion made sales of bonds more difficult
and was responsible for much deprecia
tion in greenbacks. .4s Mr. Dingley
said to me this afternoon, if war taxes
should become necessary, most of the
additional revenue would necessarily
have to be raised by internal taxation.
There are only a few articles on which
additional customs revenue could be
raised. Chief among these are tea and
coffee, which are now on the free list,
but from which $20,000,000 to $30,000,000
a year might be obtained; a few addi
tional millions might be raised by tak
ing other articles from the free list or
modifying the existing taxes on others,
but it is on internal taxation that the
principal reliance would be placed.
Whisky is now taxed fully up to the
highest revenue-producing point, and
nothing more can be realized from this
source, but the addition of $1 a barrel
to the present tax on fermented liquors
would increase the revenues from that
source by at least $30,000,000. An in
crease of $100,000,000 could be realized
from tobacco and cigars without rais
ing the tax even to what it was after
the close of the Civil War. During the
Civil War considerable revenue was re
alized from the stamp tax on legal in
struments, such as deeds, and from
commercial papers, such as checks,
drafts and notes, for these taxes would
doubtless be among the first to be re
sorted to in the event of war revenues
being needed. Proprietary articles,
such as patent medicines and perfum
eries, which were heavily taxed during
the latter part of the Civil War, would
yield considerable money, and large
amounts could be realized very
promptly by the imposition of special
license taxes on various kinds of man
ufactures and occupations, though such
taxes would be very unpopular and
might not be imposed except as a last
resort. Taxes on transfers of stocks
and bond§, such as were proposed when
the Dingley bill was under considera
tion in the Senate, if not made so high
as to seriously interfere with business
of this kind, would be a lucrative
source of revenue. Most of the Euro
pean countries impose such taxes reg
ularly in time of peace, and in tha
event of war they would be strongly
urged in Congress. In view of the de
cision of the Supreme Court, the in
come tax, such as was then proposed,
would have to be apportioned among
States in proportion to their popula
tion, and this would impose such un
equal burdens on poor States and
wealthy States that it would not be im
posed by Congress.
McKINLEY NOT
SEEKING HOSTILITIES
Continued from First Page.
President of the United States will be
the report of the court. When the
President acts it will be the country
that acts, and that is why the Presi
dent wants judgment to halt until the
facts are known. I fancy from vigor
ous expressions I have heard in offl
cial circles that the President is in
formed fully about the state of mind
of the country and Congress. He
knows the country does not want war
just for the sake of fighting another
nation; and, on the other hand, that
business men in this country would ap
plaud if it became the choice between
war and pusillanimity and war was
chosen. ,
Happily, so far no restraint is neces
sary against a wanton fight, and also
happily, the alternative of war or pu
sillanimity is not presented yet. The
President and Cabinet are looking it
all over and assume that Spain will
offer reparation if the Maine was
blown up through the insecurity of Ha
vana harbor. They are bound to as
sume that the rushing into print of
Captain Peral of the Spanish Board of
Inquiry may be indicative of stubborn
ness, but they are willing to excuse
that by saying it may have been done
without official sanction, or that Spain
may have found it necessary for tem
porary purposes to counteract advance
facts showing an external explosion,
and that it is as the Herald has pub
lished. But until the report comes, the
President's mind will be left open.
No living man, the Cabinet says,
could be expected to map out a rigid
line to be followed. The temper of
Congress and the temper of the people
must be taken into consideration. It
is found that a proposition looking to
the compulsion of peace by joint inter
vention in Cuba of the United States
and England had been considered. I
found that friends close to the Presi
dent had manufactured hypothetical
cases out of possibilities, in which ar
bitration might play a part. Great
stress has been laid on the favor with
which international arbitration, as a
means of avoiding war, is regarded in
this country. This may yet figure in
the official correspondence and I am
not permitted to give the view enter
tained as to its possible acceptance.
Then there is a question as to what
shall be done about the Cuban question.
The Herald has repeatedly shown the
view entertained here at this time that
war must end, but that is merely a
secondary or kindred proposition pre
dicated on the assumption that Span
iards blew up the Maine, and that in
ternational friction or worse is to fol
low when we officially disclose it. The
Cabinet is not united on any policy that
can be made contingent, on any out
come of the Maine disaster.
If we must have reprisal then the
recognition of the independence of
Cuba will come and that will probably
be a casus belli. But if Spain satisfies
us about the Maine, what then? The
country is back to the old position that
it occupied a month ago. On what
grounds are we to interfere? On a hu
manitarian ground? This question was
asked me and he who asked it went
over the whole question of the recon
centrados and compared it with the Ar
menian trouble, which set the whole
civilized world aflame. He inquired
whether we were to go ahead to right
abuses, heart-rending beyond descrip
tion, though in the face of a certainty
that we would have war on our hands;
when the civilized nations of Europe
held their hands off the Armenian ques
tion because war would have followed
interference. And then if we interfered
what were we to do with Cuba when
Spain was driven out. Were we to an
nex the island or were we to have an
other revolutionary republic at our
doors? These questions are perplexing.
Who will answer them? The conclu
sions I draw from my conversations
with men whose views go to make up
this dispatch are that the President
yields to no one in patriotism, but that
we will have no war of our own seek
ing. He will do all in his power to
avert it, always looking for guidance
to the American people, and shunning
all suggestions be they peaceful or war
like that would compromise dignity
and honor.
PLACING MINES IN
PORTSMOUTH HARBOR.
Plans for a Submarine Defense
System Being Carried Into
Effect.
PORTSMOUTH, N. H., March 13.—
Plans for the placing of submarine
mines for Portsmouth harbor have been
mapped out, and a large force of men
has been at work near the fortifica
tions all day. It is claimed, however,
that these mines will be of little use,
owing to the depth of water in the
river, this being over ten fathoms in the
channel, from the entrance at New
Castle to within a short distance of
the navy yard.
Hundreds of men have visited the
navy yard during the last week to en
list, but as there is no enlistment bu
reau here valuable men have been lost
to the navy. A request will be for
warded at once to the Navy Depart
ment for the establishment of such a
station for the enlistment of men from
Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont.
Working Day and Night.
BETHLEHEM, Pa., March 13.— The
Bethlehem Iron Company has received
orders to rush all Government work yet
unfinished on the 10 and 12 inch guns
and carriages, and the force of skilled
mechanics in all departments are
working day and night.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quloln- Tablets. AH
drugplsts refund the money If it falls to core
25c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898.
BRIGADIER-GENERAL WILLIAM M. GRAHAM, U. S. A., Commanding the De
partment of the Gulf, with Headquarters at Atlanta, Ga.
WORK IN SIGHT
FOR THOUSANDS
Extent of the War Pre
parations on This
Coast.
Contemplate a New Dock,
Channel-Dredging and a
Battle-Ship.
Millions of Dollars to Be Expended
Hero for National De
fense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, March 13.
The Naval Affairs Committee has de
cided to adopt the recommendation
contained in the report of the Secretary
of the Navy and will establish a plant
for the manufacture of gunpowder of
all kinds, black, brown and smokeless.
It is estimated that the cost of such a
plant would not be more than $100,000.
The estimate submitted by the Navy
Department was $93,000. It is probable
that the new powder factory will be lo
cated on the Potomac River, between
Washington and Indian Head.
The reasons for the establishment of
a Government factory appeal strongly
to members of Congress, especially at
this time. The statements made by
Congressman Hilborn some time ago,
declaring that we were "shy" on gun
powder, and the criticism of the Con
gressman made a few days later by
General Lew Wallace, have resulted
in the determination to build a Govern
ment factory. The statement made by
Hilborn was thought by General Wal
lace to be ill-timed and ill-advised, but
it appears that the California Con
gressman has been completely vindi
cated.
It has been brought to the attention
of members of Congress that while the
Government is now seeking to buy
smokeless powder at eighty-five cents
a pound, the same article is produced
in Europe for forty-five cents. The
difference in price goes to the Ameri
can manufacturer, but the question of
cost is not the principal reason for the
Government making its own powder.
It is feared that the Dupont and Cali
fornia factories have not the capacity
to supply a sufficient amount in case of
war. It is believed that the Govern
ment factory could be erected and in
operation within a few months, in time
for the present emergency.
It has also been practically decided
by the Naval Affairs Committee of the
House to provide for five new docks,
at the following points: Portsmouth,
N. H.; Boston, League Island, Algiers,
La., and Mare Island. The Call corre
spondent understood to-night from a
member of the Naval Committee that
although at the meeting held yester
day a question was raised as to a suffi
cient depth of water at Mare Island,
Boston and League Island, the state
ments made by Commodore Mathews
will not influence the committee to
take adverse action.
Congressman Hilborn explained to
his associates on the committee that
as far as Mare Island was concerned
a channel could be dredged through the
shallow part of the bay off Pinole
Point (popularly known as the "Po
tato Patch") before the dock was com
pleted. It is estimated that this chan
nel, thirty feet in depth, could be
dredged for $200,000. The first thing
necessary will be a preliminary survey
and the work could" be completed in one
year, while the dock itself could not be
completed in less than two years. Con
gressman Hilborn is of the opinion that
all five docks will be authorized and
that they will cost about $1,500,000 each.
This, with the appropriation of $6,000,
000 for a new battleship to be built on
the coast (probably by the Union Iron
Works) and the $200,000 for dredging a
channel to the new dock will give em
ployment to hundreds of men.
Both Senator Perkins and Congress
man Hilborn are endeavoring to induce
the ordnance department to award
some of the contracts for gun carriages
and projectiles to California firms. Mr.
Hilborn will take advantage of this
favorable opportunity t<> press his bill
providing for the erection of a gun
plant at Benlcia.
The Naval Affairs Committee will
meet again tO-mbrrow, but it is not ex
pected that the question of docks will
be considered at tiiis meeting, for the
committee has Invited Secretary Long
to appear before it to-morrow in refer
ence to the prohibition to provide one
hundred and flve additional 'engineers,
as well as additional paymasters, sur
geons and lieutenants. Chief Engineei
Melville says that a large additional
force of enprim-Ts is absolutely neces
sary for the vessels that will soon be
in commission. He appeared before the
committee yesterday and in making
his argument read a letter from Secre
tary Long indorsing this recommenda
tion. The committee, while anxious to
adopt Secretary Long's suggestions in
the present emergency, is fearful that
a provision for more engineers, pay
masters and surgeons will renew the
dissensions between the line and the
staff at a time when the naval per
sonnel bill seems satisfactory to naval
officers and when there seems a pros
pect of its passage. However, it seems
to be the general sentiment among
members of th" Naval Affairs Commit
tee that the Jealousy between the; line
and staff Bhould not be permitted to
stand in the way of the urgent request
of Secretary Long.
To sum up the situation it appears
that in a few days the naval committee
will report a biil for three battleships
at $6,000,000 each, five new docks at
$1,500,000 each, a gunpowder factory
and a large increase in engineers, pay
masters and surgeons, beside tweflty
new lieutenants. It is believed that a
large number of torpedo boats also will
be provided f"r.
SPAIN'S COMMISSIONER
VISITS THE PRESIDENT.
Sounding This Government as to
How Spanish Concessions
Would Be Met.
NEW YORK, March 13.— The Her
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: I learn to-night that Senor
Juan Ceballos, a Spanish resident ..of
New York, who recently was appointed
special reciprocity commissioner to the
United States by Spain, called at the
White House yesterday and suggested
to the President the possibility of a
settlement, of the Cuban question by
Spain conceding complete autonomy to
the island and maintaining merely
nominal sovereignty. Senor Ceballos
informed the President that he had no
authority from Spain to make this
proposition and offered it as an unoffi
cial suggestion of means of settling ex
isting difficulties. The President
listened to all he had to say, but gave
him no assurances.
Officials here think that it may be
possible that the Sagasta ministry
wishes, without committing itself to
any definite policy, to sound the United
States for the purpose of learning
whether a more liberal scheme of au
tonomy would meet with a more favor
able reception than the one already
tried received.
FORT PICKENS A SO C NE
OF GREAT ACTIVITY.
PEN'SACOLA, Fla., March 13.— Fort
Pickens, which guards the entrance to
the harbor on the east side, is a scene
of groat activity just now. New 6 and
8 inch rifle guns will be mounted on it.
The big disappearing guns are in posi
tion, and it is learned that the troops
at Fort Barrancas are under orders to
prepare for practice with them, which
is expected to begin within the next
ten days. Large quantities of ammu
nition have been received at the fort,
and more is on the way.
The Pensacola division of the naval
militia has just received fro-m the Gov
ernment a splendid 10-lnch Hotchkiss
rapid-fire gun and a full outfit of cut
lasses, ammunition, etc., and the men
are ready to begin practice.
NEWSPAPEB ' THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copie3 of this
paper.
JAPAN NEEDS
HER WARSHIPS
Will Not Part With Any
That Are Now Under
Construction.
Marquis Ito Intimates That His
Country May Soon Be
at War.
Says There Are Critical Conditions
Elsewhere Than On the West
ern Continent.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett
TOKIO. March 13.— 1 visited Marquis
Ito to-day and asked him whether the
Japanese Government would sell the
cruisers Kasagi and Chitoz to the
United States. The Premier hesitated
a moment, and replied:
"I will make inquiry of my naval col
league, but I think I may say that Ja
pan prefers to get possession of all the
ships building for her as soon as possi
ble. Officers have already, been ordered
to bring the Kasagi and Chitoz to Ja
pan, and the builders have been re
quested to hasten their completion."
After a pause the Marquis continued
slowly and impressively:
"News of the last few days indicates
a critical state elsewhere than on the
Western continent, and we consider it
only prudent to continue our prepara
tions for the national defense which we
had the forethought to begin a long
time ago. I hope the people of the
United States will not take offense at
Japan's unwillingness to part with
these cruisers. I have always appreci
ated their kindly feeling for Japan. The
United States is a nation above all oth
ers where public sentiment absolutely
controls the national policy, and for
that reason I wish to have the people
there understand that Japan retains
the Kasagi and the Chitoz, not from
lack of willingness to oblige the United
States, but because she needs them her
! self."
"In case of war between the United
States and Spain, Your Excellency," I
asked, "will Japan allow warships of
both belligerents to take coal at Japa
nese ports or refuse it to both?"
"That opens a long vista of possibili
ties," he replied. "Some authorties con
tend that coal, and even provisions,
should be contraband of war, as both
are necessary to maintain hostilities at
sea. Whenever war is declared between
two or more powers, Japan, if neutral,
will bear in mind in deciding the coal
question, the manner in which her de
cision will affect all the belligerents and
her own interests."
I learn on unquestionable authority
that Japan is a party to negotiations
now going on between England and
Russia at St. Petersburg, and also that
while no alliance exists between Eng
land and Japan they have a definite
understanding, and are acting In har
mony. A high diplomatic official said
to me to-day i
"You may say positively that Japan
will back up England against Russia,
and if England maintains a firm atti
tude all immediate danger of war is
past, unless Russia is resolved to fight
at once. In view of England's great
superiority at sea and her possession of
all available coal in Eastern ports,
Russia will probably take a concilia
tory course. for the present."
I learn that Japan has received a ca
ble offer from England for all warships
building for her in English private
yards, consisting of three 15,000-ton bat
tleships and three first-class armored
cruisers of about 10,000 tons each. The
offer has been refused.
CONVERTING
SHIPS INTO
CRUISERS
Naval Officers Lose No
Time in Forming the
New Fleet.
Captain Rodgers the President
of a Special Board Which
Will Select Vessels for
Auxiliary Warships.
Call Office, Rlggs House. \
Washington, March 13.
To-day, unlike last Sunday, when the ;
published statements of the desire for |
the recall of General Lee and the pro
test of the Spanish Government against
sending war vessels with relief supplies j
to Cuba caused much excitement among |
official circles, was comparatively gui- |
et. There had been no Information i
bearing cm the doings of the Court of ,
Inquiry on the Maine explosion received j
during the day or any other dispatches j
calculated to cause conferences between j
the heads of the various departments, j
There were a number of experts of the i
War Department ordnance officers at j
their desks for a short time during the j
morning to attend to some pressing |
matters, while at the Navy Department j
the board on auxiliary cruisers held a
final meeting preparatory to the de
parture of the special board to New
York.
Secretary Long was at the Navy De
partment for a short time. He stated
late in the afternoon that there was no
news of any nature for the press, and
added in response to a specific inquiry
that nothing had been received from
the Court of Inquiry.
The Board on Auxiliary Cruisers met
in Assistant Secretary Roosevelt's room
during the morning. There were pres
ent, in addition to the Assistant Secre
tary, Chief Constructor Hichborn of the
Bureau of Construction and Repair,
Captain Frederick Rogers of the Naval
: Board of Inspection and Surveys and
Captain O'Neill, chief of the Ordnance
Bureau; Lieutenant Sargent, recorder
of the Board of Inspection, and Lieu
tenant Peters of the Naval Intelligence
Bureau. Lieutenant-Commander J. D. J.
Kelley and Naval Constructor Tawresey,
the latter now on duty at Cramps'
shipyard, were expected, but their or
ders to attend had evidently arrived too
late to permit them to (in so. Each of
the bureau chiefs present was able to
give the board some information mci!
! dent to the work that may be required
i to fit out any ships that might be ob
| tamed. Several of the members of the
I board as originally appointed to look
into the matter are unable to leave the
city at the present time, so it was de
termined that a special board, of which
Captain Rodgers will be president,
should be designated to proceed to New
York to-night to undertake the work
in hand. An office will be opened at 28
Cortland street, New York City, to
! morrow morning, at which owners and
agents for ships will be invited to make
their proposals for turning over to the
navy such vessels as are of value for
! conversion to war purposes.
The naval officers say there will be
; no difficulty experienced in obtaining
all vessels that are desired, as there
' are hundreds available. Thanks to
i the work of the naval intelligence office
the department keeps in close touch
with the construction of all craft that
could be utilized in the event of hos
tilities, and just now it has a record of
forty such ships of all sizes and classes
which will be inspected and examined
if their owners desire to part with
■ them. A number of these are vessels
' which have been constructed under the
subsidy act of Congress and are en
■ gaged in carrying the mails. The yes
; sels to be examined will include all
i classes, from liners like the St. Paul
1 to ocean-going tugs, which can be of
I very material service for a number of
purposes. Tonnage, draft, speed, con
i ditions of boilers and machinery and
! other attributes will figure in the thor
■ ough inspection which will be under
: taken by the board before any charter
ing or purchasing is recommended.
Both the ordnance bureau and that en
i gaged in the work of construction and
i repair are ready to take their part in
I fitting out and equipping such vessels
as may be acquired.
At the Fort Washington factory are
ADVERTISEMENTS. . f \ »'
nnLiiT Let WHISKY get the BEST
I II IN 1 of you. GET the BEST of
BJUIi I WHISKY, which is the
*r-~- OENUINB
""h* Eli) \ DISTILLERY
•■w S\B BOTTLING OP
"km old
Afl PEPPER
pkffHSKY.
l^^^^onf; r and Distilled
t*t£^tttJSz£»'\'lkii V PEPPER
i^^S— 2=== 'I Jiiui tii rijii ijil
fc^Sfe s^! SAMPLE CASE $15
Ml'li LtxiNGTONKY J OAIniLC uAOL <t\O
F not satisfactory, can be
k^ n «MßH!B^*^^ returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL &~CARROLL,
■306 'Market Street, .
. Sole Agent* for the Pacific Coa»t. ;
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
now in various stages of construction
no less than 150 guns of formidable
character, on which work is being done
night and day with a view to their
early completion. No new guns are
being started, but the entire force of
the factory is devoted to finishing those
now under way. A naval officer said
there will be enough of them when fin
ished to constitute a fair armament
for probably thirty or more auxiliary
cruisers, should such a large fleet be
found necessary to supplement the
regular warships*
The gunboat Machias, which has just
arrived at Norfolk from the Asiatics
station by way of the Suez Canal, ha 3
been found to be in fair shape as a re
sult of the examination by the navjf
nspection board.
SAVE
THE MOMENTS THAT
are yours. If you don't
do that you will be in a
very, very bad condition.
Yet that grand remedlo-
treatment HUDYAN will
cure you. In a week •it ■
i stops all losses. It cures
, hydrocele. It does stop
.those backaches. HUDYAN
gives you renewed strength
and a new lease of life. Do
you forget what a grand
thing is strength?
YOUR
The vital force Is restored
by "HUDYAN." All the
. evil effects of early folly are
removed by He iJYAN. And
it does it in a week quite
- often. It is the great and
only remedy for spermator-
. • rhoea; it is the one thing
, . . which makes man. If you,
are not a weakling- rod nwty
become one. Then you need
HUDYAN.
STRENGTH.,
.-•■■■" • ; V
HUDYAN cures weak knees.
HUDYAN makes you able
to face the world. HUDYAN
cures depression • of the
spirits. HUDYAN will
change your life of gloom
into one of great and glori-
ous happiness. HUDYAN is
the sole property of the doc-
tors of the great medical in-
stitute. Ask about it.
Circulars and testimonials are sent ab-
solutely free to all inquirers. They will
show you what has been done. I? you
have specks before your eyes, if you have
blood taint, if you have kidney, bladder or
liver trouble— state you case plainly to the
great physicians who do so much good.
They will charge you nothing for advice,
but they will cure you.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON AND MARKET STS.
Beware of Imitations
*■* l/tohestersliire(/£
..... t
': JOHN DONC/N'B BONB, Aatwrg, NEW VO»K. .'. \
000 0000000000000 OO
Jw PALACE v?Z
%GRAND °IML S %
I? SAN FRANCISCO. q
" Connected by a covered passageway. .
© 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. <£
O All Under One Management. O
Q - NOTE THE PRICES: - O
a European Plan. 91. per day and upward rt
° American Plan . Bl3. OO per day and upward <•»
O Correspondence Solicited. O
q JOHN C. KIRKPATHICK, Manager. q
000000 000000000000
..^fgßßQm*Mt ,.« I*'^ ** Is a non-poisonoinr k
.<*^^^^^^^^^la remedy fur Gonorrboa, ■
iflHrCCKEb^Sffl| fleet, p.- rma tor r ■.*•», P
MVi Ito 5 liti. White*, unnatural dig-
SBSg Ou»r»nie«l H churges, or any iurtanimn-
fSfl cot to tirictare. tion, irritation or ulccra-
g* i^PreTeata cooucloq. tion of mucous rm-in- ■
f?SITHEEvAN3 CHEMinuCo. >»«»«•• Non-astringent.
vi&ciNCiNNui.o mm Sold by »«•«•»??»*<»,
ran, PSA j«b °f bt ' :it iv plain wrapper,
JTOTnVt ' ' \JKrm l«y express, prepaid, lot
0 * i. .- 00 - or 3 bottles, |2.7».
*» -vtasuP^ft ■ Circular nut vu i«Q,ue»t,INDIAN DICK
CAPTURED BY
AN OFFICER
Brought Down by a
Bullet and Made
Prisoner.
Had Sought Refuge at
a Squaw Valley
Ranch.
Ignores a CommancJ to Sur
render and Receives a
Wound.
GUILTY OF MANY CRIMES.
■Declared an Outlaw by Governor
Budd and a Price Placed Upon
His Head.
Special XMspatch to The CalL
FRESNO, March 13.— Indian Dick,
who was declared an outlaw by Gov
ernor Budd, and for whose arrest a re
ward of $300 was offered by the Gov
ernor, was captured this morning in
Squaw Valley, after he had been shot
In the side. Constable T. W. Street of
Reedley captured the outlaw and
brought him to the jail at 2 o'clock this
afternoon, after a drive of five hours.
Last Wednesday the Indian, whose
true name is Richard Hutchison, went
to C. W. King's ranch and asked for
food. King gave him meals. Dick
•was suffering from a wound inflicted by
a negro the day previous. King lives
eighteen miles from the nearest tele
phone, but yesterday he went to the
head gate of irrigation ditch No. 76 and
telephoned to Constable Street. The
officer arrived at King's place this i
morning, armed with a Winchester rifle, j
and King, according to an understand- :
Ing with the officer, carried breakfast i
to the outlaw, who remained in the j
brush.
Street stole up to within fifty yards,
when the Indian saw him and started i
to run. The officer called to him to
stop, but Hutchison paid no heed. The ;
constable fired, and the outlaw fell and
rolled and tumbled on the ground, j
When quieted he asked the name of
the man who shot him, and requested j
that his mother be informed. He was .
then carried a distance of 200 yards to j
the house, and was brought in a wagon j
to this city. He suffered a great deal
on the journey. The bullet had entered
his right side and came out through the j
abdomen, the wound being almost iden- :
tical to the one inflicted by the negro j
last Tuesday.
Indian Dick is well known all over
♦ his and adjoining- counties on account
.- f his crtnu s. He broke jail here sev
eral months ago while serving a sen
tence for an attack upon a squaw.
Then he beat "Bill" Tanner to death
with a club at Tulare. He killed Tan- j
ncr in the presence of the latter' s squaw
.end children. Since then he has been
ling in the hills, living the life of
A outlaw. He committed all kinds of
(Jitlawry, among other things forcing
another Indian to loot a cabin to get j
supplies for him. He outraged a num
ber of women, and the husbands of
these women had been hunting him.
The negrro who shot him on Tuesday
was named Mart,
When brought to jail Dr. Davidson,
the county physician, examined his
wound, and pronounced it not fatal.
When shot Dick had no weapons but a
case knife, but it is believed he had a
rifle hidden in the brush, and v,as mak
ing for it when dropped by the officer's
bullet.
CASSELLS FOUND NOT
GUILTY OF MURDER.
JKilled a Practical Joker Who Acted
the Part of a Midnight
Robber.
JACKSON, March 13.— Tha trial of
JLouis Cassells for the murder of Fred
Grover in lone last November terminated
to-day In a verdict of acquittal. The case
lasted six days, and the jury was out
twelve hours before agreeing. On the
night of the homicide Cassells, who was
employed as a bartender, closed his sa
loon, taking the money with him. Grov
er, no doubt in a Joking mood, ap
proached in a demonstrative manner.
Cassells, thinking that robbery was in
tended, shot, killing: Grover instantly.
The two men were on the best of terms.
No motive other than that stated was
given for the shooting. The verdict is
generally approved.
Train Ditched Near -dilton.
MILTON. March IS.— A train of ten
T empty cattle cars which had Just been
unloaded was ditched at 5 o'clock this
morning near Waverly station, six miles
west of this place. The disaster was
. caused by a broken rail, supposed to have
passed over it some hours earlier. For
tunately the engine remained upon the
track and only the empty cars were de
ADVERTISEMENTS.
y "x Weak Women
W 1 ' Weak Men
I W^m 1' You Can Be Strong if You
M ml&> *& M Will. There is a Way to
'$& % Lri W M Get Back All of Nature's
PUJWPvi^Jlb**"' I >4™s&n How we " y° know the hopelessness
p^^^v" of drugs ! They give no strength, and
•[/m!j^>)3~^j^ 7™§£ nothing will cure you unless it gives
)&z^M4*^>^ &lp strength. That is done by Dr. Sanden's
3&oPky^72t^ r -&^-' Electric Belt. Thirty years of study and
'^^^fi^ r^^c^K^vH-vv success have taught ' Dr. Sanden how. to
• *\^f jso^t'^* '',^ : '"' use Electricity. He gives you the bene-
*7 /\ I r fit of his knowledge in
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT.
"Electricity is Life," and life is what you need. You need the vim; the
nerve and ambition which comes only from; Electricity. Will you try it? It
costs little, is worth all that life is, for it makes life worth living. Read Dr.
Sanden's book for either sex, free. Consultation free.
QAMTIFM FT FflTlßTf! TO 632 Market St., Opposite
OAINIJiLIN EiLtEi\jlt\\\j tU M Palace Hotel. «an Francisco.
■ Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. < Branches at Los Angeles, ; Cal.,
204% South Broadway: Portland. Or.. 253 Washington street; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth
•treet: Pallas, Tex., 285 Main street. -■ ••,-,.: -;■■--: ."-.-^rasgae
NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— 632 Market street.
...
railed, and none of the railroad men were
injured by the accident. Traffic on the
Stockton and Copperopolis road will be
delayed until the line is cleared of the de
bris.
HUNTINGTON SHOWS A
STREAK OF PATRIOTISM.
Orders Work Commenced on a Mam
motn Drydock on His Own
Responsibility.
CINCINNATI, March 13.— A special
to the Commercial Tribune from New
port News, Va., says: Collis P. Hun
tington, principal owner of the Newport
News Ship-building and Drydock Com
pany, has given instructions to com
mence work on the mammoth dry dock
at once. This determination on the
multi-millionaire's part is the result of
a conference held in Washington last
week between his lieutenant, Calvin B.
Orcutt, president of the ship-building
company, and Secretary Long.
Mr. Huntington will accept no sub
sidy from the Government. He will
furnish the $1,000,000 or more necessary
to build the dock and will keep in close
touch with his aids from San Francis
co, whence he will go in a few days.
The dork will be, when completed, 900
feet In length and 90 feet in breadth. It
will be constructed after the most mod
ern ideas, and will be capable of receiv
ing two of the largest battle-ships at
one time. It is understood that 1000
men will be employed at once to push
the work to completion. All of the nec
essary soundings have been made and
the material will be ordered at once.
The site for the new basin will be di
rectly north of the present dock, which
is now the largest in American waters,
although lacking a few feet of being
able to receive the first class battle
ships of the navy. The new dock will
be the largest on the continent.
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
LISTENS TO A SERMON.
Dr. Hugh Johnson Discourses on the
War Outlook and the Duty of
Americans.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— President j
McKinley occupied his pew at the Metro- j
politan Church this morning and listened j
to a sermon by Dr. Hugh Johnson, his j
pastor, which dealt at some length and I
quite directly with the problem which so j
thoroughly engrosses the President's j
mind. He took the Spamsn situation for I
his text and during' his discourse said:
"One thing is certain, we shall not have
war unless there is absolute justification
ot it. The dignity and honor of the na- I
tion shall be upheld and American loyalty i
and bravery remain untarnished as ever;
hut the calm and firm attitude of the
Chief Executive assures us that neither i
by perjudice, passion, popular clamor, j
hysteria nor ambition will this nation be I
involved in a deadly strife. Secure from j
invasion, with inexhaustible wealth and j
resources, with a people full of the mar- ;
tial spirit and able to put ten millions of I
soldiers into the fields and cover the seas j
with battleships, what have we to fear j
from a bankrupt nation that cannot even >
subdue twenty or thirty thousand ragged, j
ill-fed and poorly equipped Cuban lnsurg- ■
ents; or even from an alliance of France j
and all the Latin nations against us?
'Come the three corners of the world in !
arms and we shall shock them.'
"But this power is controlled by intelli
gence, patriotism and Christian people, !
and only stern duty to its humanity and j
civilization, just relations to our fellow- j
men and national honor will lead us to I
let loose the dogs of war. Desiring and !
praying for peace, let us hope the extent j
and vigor of the war preparations will
avert the conflict and assist the cause of
peace."
DEATH CLAIMS THE
PRINCIPAL WITNESS.
Former Coloradan Called to Testify
in a Mining Suit Succumbs to
Heart Disease.
DENVER, March 13.— E. C. Bassick, lo
cater of the famous Bassick silver mine,
near Silver Cliff, Colo., died in this ciiy
last night of heart disease. He was 66
years old. He lived at Bridgeport, Conn.,
and came to Denver last week to attend
the trial of the suit of Alexander Bar
day and others against the Bassick Min
ing Company, which was set for hearing
to-morrow. Mr. Bassick was a poor man
in 1577, when he located the Bassick mine,
out of which he took $450,000. afterward
selling the property for $S'X>.ooo cash and
$1,000,000 worth of stock in the company,
which took possession. The mine has not
been operated for nearly a dozen years
on account of litigation.
CHILE AUGMENTING
HER NATIONAL GUARD.
Movement Due to the Strained Rela-
tions Between That Country
and Peru.
Copyrighted, 1898. by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile. March 13.—Al
though international politics appear to be
momentarily at rest, great attention is
being paid to the calling into the bar
racks and drilling of National Guard re
cruits of the second military zone. There
are persistent rumors to the effect that
negotiations relating to the provinces of
locen and Africa may soon cause a clash
between this country and Peru, and it is
believed that the calling out of the mili
tary is in anticipation of trouble over
these negotiations.
Death Strikes in Tulare.
TI'LARB, March 13.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Ambrose died this morning after an ill
ness of five days. She leaves two sons— I
Thomas Ambrose, locomotive engineer, !
of Oakland; and W. C. Ambrose, resident
engineer of the San Joaquin division of |
the Southern Pacific. Mrs. Ambroae had |
been spending the winter here with rela- |
tives. She was a native of Nova Scotia
and 57 years old.
Constructing a Reservior.
SALINAS, March 13.— The Spreckels
Company is having a reservoir construct
ed in the Monte, near the river, to store
water for irrigation. It is to be 170 feet
long, 30 feet deep and 45 feet in width.
Three large pumps are now on the way
from the East, and as soon as they ar
rive they will be put into position.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MABCH 14, 1898.
SEAMEN PUT
TO DEATH BY
BUCCANEERS
Pirates Capture Three
Vessels in Chinese
Waters,
Captain and Crew of a
Junk Wantonly Mur
dered.
All Efforts to Drive Out the
Rovers Have Proved
Futile.
PROCURING WAR SUPPLIES
Strongholds Being Strengthened for
Resistance of Government
Forces.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TACOMA, March 13.— Oriental ad
vices received to-day on the steamship
Argyle state that the pirates who In
fest Canton and vicinity are becoming
bolder and no longer hesitate to add
murder to their other deeds of violence.
The pirates have become exasperated
over the efforts of the celebrated black
flag general to capture them. Recently
they captured a junk laden with arms
and ammunition intended for this gen
eral's soldiers. The junk was proceed
ing up West River when a party of
pirates succeeded in boarding her at a
landing place. The supplies were taken
to the pirate stronghold and distrib
uted among a hundred fellow pirates.
This event has given courage to the
desperadoes, while causing much alarm
at Canton.
A junk which had been up the river
with a cargo of rice and was returning
with the proceeds in silver was cap
tured near Shansha. The captain and
part of the crew were murdered, sev
eral sailors being permitted to live on
condition that they would turn pirates
The pirates secured both the silver and
the junk.
On another occasion several Canton
gentlemen engaged a small steamer to
take them sixty miles on a hunting
expedition. While they were inland the
pirates seized their boat and all their
belongings. The hunting party waited
for several days before they learned
what had happened or could procure
another craft to take them home.
The pirates are said to be strength
ening their strongholds and procuring
war supplies sufficient to last them for
years. Their idea is that if China be
comes involved in another war they
will have abundant opportunity to
plunder the richest sea coast towns.
Should European war ships be sent
after them in a war of extermination,
as many hope will be done, they pur
pose taking refuge in Formosa or
some island in the Asiatic Archipelago.
Only two pirates have been captured
in some time, and they were promptly
beheaded.
HTJBXED FBOM HIS WAGON.
Kings County Hotel Proprietor Re-
ceives Serious Injuries.
SALTNAS, March 13.— Samuel Long,
proprietor of the Vendome Hotel at
Kings City, met with an acident which
almost proved fatal to-day. At about
5:30 o'clock he left, as was his daily cus
tom, to bring the men from their work
on the Spreckels reservoir near the river.
In making; a turn one of the wheels
struck a stump, capsizing the vehicle and
hurling Mr. Long violently to the ground.
The horses, In endeavoring to extricate
themselves, commenced kicking. One of
them struck the prostrate man a glancing
blow on the head, making a severe
■wound. The smaller bone in Mr. Long's
right leg was fractured. Since the acci
dent alarming symptoms have appeared
and there is very little hope of hts recov-
Railroad President's Son in Trouble.
NEW YORK, March 11— Frederick K.
Blair, said by the police to be a son of
President A. G. Blair of the Wheeling
and Lake Erie Railroad, of Toledo, Ohio,
was arr.-sted yesterday charged with
passing worthless checks, and held in the
Jefferson Market Court to-day.
MODERN VILLAGE BUILT.
Forty Dwellings at the Site of the
Salinas Sugar Factory.
SALINAS, March 13.— Contractor L. U.
Grant, with his large force of men, has
made wonderful changes in the appear
ance of the residence portion of the
Spreckels sugar factory site in the past
six weeks. What was an alfalfa patch
has been transformed into a beautiful
little village. About forty residences of
all designs of architecture now grace this
spot. Some of the houses have been plas
tered and are ready for the paper-hanger.
Two lots are set aside for each house,
which will allow ample room for gardens
and outbuildings.
CELEBBATION AT NORDHOFF.
Joy Over the Completion of the Ojai
Valley Railway.
VENTURA, March 13.— A great cele
bration in honor of the completion of the
Ventura-Ojai Valley Railroad was held
at Nordhoff to-day. There were over
1000 people in attendance. Three special
trains conveyed the guests from this
city. The members of the Los Angeles
Chamber of Commerce, the Board of
Trade, county officials and many citizens
of Santa Barbara were present. The cele
bration was in the nature of a. basket pic
nic. The guests all expressed praise for
the new road and its scenery.
Bank Swindler Escapes Prosecution.
CHICAGO, March 13.— 8. R. Bennett,
alms Charles P. Mead, formerly of In
dianapolis, who was arrested on a charge
of swindling the First National Bank by
means of raised drafts, has been released,
the hank officials having requested that
the case against him be dismissed. The
matter, it is understood, was settled out
of court.
Military Athletic Tournament.
NEW YORK, March 13.— The troops
who will take part in the Military Ath
letic League tournament at Madison
Square Garden this week began to arrive
to-day.
Sir Richard Quain Dead.
LONDON, March 13. — Sif Richard
Quain, Bart., president of the Council
and editor of the Dictionary of Medicine,
is dead. He was born October 30, 1816,
was a fellow of several learned societies
and the author of numerous medical and
scientific works.
French Aggression in China.
PKKING. March 13.— France, It is said,
intends to occupy Leichow, in the Quang
tung peninsula, north of Hainan, as a
naval base.
Queen Victoria on the Biviera.
LONDON, March 14.— Qupen Victoria
arrived at Cimiez to-day. Her Majesty
is in her usual health.
RANCHER
SLAIN AND
CREMATED
Charred Body Found
in the Ruins of
His Home.
Match Applied to His
Cabin Alter He Had
Been Killed.
His Money and Household Ef
fects Carried Away by
the Criminals.
TARDINESS OF OFFICIALS.
Wait Until Neighbors Conclude an
Investigation Before They
Taite Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, March 13.— Two weeks ago
Henry King, a wealthy rancher of
Telm, Thurston County, was murdered,
apparently for his money. His mur
derers secured everything valuable, in
cluding his watch, and then set fire to j
his house. So carefully was this done
that the first search revealed no trace
of King's remains, and the neighbors j
concluded he had gone away the day j
before the fire. Three days later he j
had not returned, and a more thorough
investigation was made. In a corner of j
a dark room searchers discovered his i
bones and skull. A deputy coroner who j
was sent over from Olympia hastily
removed the remains, but practically
no official investigation was made.
On Friday the neighbors again took
the matter in hand, making the first
critical examination of the entire prem
ises. They found that the deputy cor
oner in his haste had left a portion of
King's skull on the spot where the body
had lain. On a piece of board which
the remains had prevented the fire from
completely consuming blood was dis
covered and on some moss similarly
protected from the fire more blood
stains were found. In the ashes where
the body had lain they found a bullet.
The committee is satisfied that King
was murdered. Several weeks ago he
returned from Olympia with a winter's
supply of provisions and considerable
money he had drawn from the bank for
use in buying cattle. Not a remnant of
burned provisions of any kind did the
neighbors discover, but a trail of beans
was found leading for some distance
away from the house. No charred rem
nants of clothing or bed clothes were
discovered, and not a coin nor even a
pocket knife, after a most careful
search amongr the embers. A clay pipe
near the remains and an oil can were,
save the cook stove, all that remained
of the man's belongings.
Robbery was thus plainly the motive
of the murder, but it is doubtful if the
murderers can be traced at this late
day. They were presumably members
of the army of criminals now travel
ing between Portland and Puget Sound
in consequence of the Klondike rush.
Telm is on the railroad line to Port
land, and directly on the route of such
travel.
Yesterday Sheriff Billings and Prose
cuting Attorney Mitchell drove to Telm
from Olympia, and are still making an
investigation. King was unmarried,
and had relatives in Canada,
UNCLE SAM AFTER THOSE
BRAZILIAN CRUISERS.
Negotiations for the Purchase of
Two New Warships Practically-
Concluded.
NEW YORK, March 13.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Two
vessels of the Cincinnati class of crui
sers — the Amazonas and her sister ship
— will in all probability bo added to the
American navy within the next forty
eight hours. Only formal consent of
the Brazilian Government stands in the
way of the successful consummation of
negotiations for the purchase of these
ships. In view of the fact that the
Washington authorities have received
assurances that this consent will not be
withheld, they confidently believe that
the American union-jack will be run up
on the mastheads of these vessels by
next Tuesday. Commander W. H.
Brownson, the naval commissioner sent
abroad, will arrive in England on that
day, and he will hasten to Elswlck to
make an inspection and see that the
ships are in all respects of the best pos
sible character.
So far as the Armstrongs, builders of
the Brazilian .ships, are concerned, the
authorities have been assured by Lieu
tenant J. C. Colwell, U. S. N., now in
London, who has been conducting the
negotiations, that they will be satisfied
to part with the vessels, provided the
Brazilian Government is willing. It is
suggested in naval circles that the Bra
zilian authorities may only consent to
the sale of the ships on condition that
the Armstrongs build them two others,
with all the improvements of design
and battery which have been made
since the Amazonas and her sister ship
were laid down. The result of such an
agreement would necessitate payment
by the United States of a much larger
price to the Armstrongs, with a bonus
to Brazil, than has been heretofore es
timated.
It is the general impression among
officials, however, that Brazil will be
glad to get rid of the ships. As the
Herald said this morning, they were
offered to the United States a few
Aveeks ago at a comparatively low val
uation, the price being less than the
cost of the Cincinnati and Raleigh,
which were built in the Government
Navy Yard. It has been roughly esti
mated by an official in a position to
know that this Government would have
to pay about $470 per ton for each
craft, which would bring their tofil
cost, complete In all respects and ready
for sea, to between $3,000,000 and $4,
000,000. This would be quite a large in
crease over the original price at which
this Government could have bought
them.
In order to obtain consent of the Bra
zilian Government the Embassy in
London and the legation in Rio Janeiro
are making representations to the Bra
zilian Minister to England and the Bra
zilian Government.
"What we have to fear," said an offi
cial to me to-night, "is the pressure
which the minority party in Brazil may
exert to prevent the sale of the vessels.
A revolution is apt to be started on the
slightest cause in South America.
While we have assurance that the Bra
zilian Government will consent to the
sale of the ships before negotiations
are closed it may be that, to prevent a
revolution, it would necessitate cancel
lation of all agreements. The Brazilian
Government is strong at this time, and
we know and we hope that the friend
ship which the Brazilians have for
their sister republic of the north will
aid us in securing the vessels of which
we stand in need."
The naval authorities have reluc
tantly abandoned the idea of buying
the two Japanese cruisers, Kasagi and
Chitose, under construction In Philadel
phia and San Francisco. Japan has
need of these ships for her own pur
poses in case war should arise over the
eastern question. It is this question
which is also responsible for Great
Britain's order prohibiting the sale of
any vessels under construction, unless
they are building for foreign govern
ments, without her consent. It is also
admitted, as the Herald has stated,
that the O'Higgins and San Martino
are not for sale.
More difficulty has been encountered
in securing torpedo boat destroyers
than had been expected. Up to this
time, so far as I have been able to
learn from the authorities, they have
not been able to secure a single boat,
though negotiations have been and are
in progress in a dozen different direc
tions.
It is well known, of course, that the
Government is particularly deficient
with respect to this type of vessel, but
it was stated to me this afternoon by
a high official that there are so many
fast yachts in this country that could
be quickly converted into torpedo boats
that the navy would not greatly suffer
by lack of these crafts.
FACSIMILE HOMES OF
M'KINLEY AND BRYAN.
Their Dwellings to Be Reproduced
at the Omaha Exposition
Grounds.
OMAHA, March 13.— Senator John M.
Thurston, chairman of the Senate Com
mittee on Expositions, recently suggested
that the McKiniey home at Canton be
r<-prouuced as the Ohio State building on
the grounds of the Trans-Mississippi Ex
position at Omaha. The board of man
agers approved the idea. The building
when constructed will be used as a place
of reception for Ohioans, and it is pro
posed to exhibit therein many mementos
of the late campaign, avoiding as far as
possible anything savoring of partisan
ship.
Noting the action of the board of man
agers, the friends of William Jennings
Bryan lost no time in putting in a prop
osition looking to tne reproduction of the
Bryan homestead at Lincoln. Citizens of
Lincoln, Nebr., addressed a communica
tion to the exposition authorities asking
for permission to place on the exposition
grounds a dup.icate of Mr. Bryan's home
stead and to exhibit therein campaign
and other relics, of which Mr. Bryan is
said to have no less than a carload.
Yesterday the board of managers
unanimously voted authority to the
buildings and grounds department to al
low the space for such building, making
a proviso, as was done in the case of the
McKiniey homestead, that the exhibits
be non-competitive and not for sale.
Thirty-five States to date have organ
ized for participation. New York, Ken
tucky and Tennessee are the latest com
mittees appointed. Dr. Chauncey M. De
pew heads the committee of the Empire
State, and writes to the management that
he will aid in placing a large toiate ex
hibit. State committees for Pennsyl
vania, Massachusetts and Rhode Island
■will soon be announced. Agents in
Canada and Mexico report those govern
ments to be preparing comprehensive ex
hibits. . _
TRIES TO THROW THE
STEWARD OVERBOARD.
"Jack" Dalton Creates a Commotion
on the Steamship Cottage
City.
SEATTLE, March 13.— The steamship
Cottage City, after her eventful trip to
Alaska, reached this port this evening
with her broken nose. The patches on
her bow where the steamship struck the
rocks showed plainly above the water
line. She will go on the drydock on
Tuesday to be thoroughly repaired. The
steamship was not leaking and could go
out on another run as far as her injuries
are concerned.
There was an interesting episode on the
up trip in which the celebrated "Jack"
Dalton was a prominent figure. The
steward insisted upon placing an Indian
next to Dalton at tne table. Just before
the steamship reached Juneau Dalton
took the steward to task, with the result
that an exchange of blows followed, and
'only the interference of other passengers
prevented Lu.ion from throwing his ad
versary overboard. The steward was
placed under arrest, and Superintendent
Trowbridge says that his case will be in
vestigated.
Napa Valley Pioneer Gone.
NAPA, March 13.— William A. Fisher, a
pioneer resident of this county, died to
day of heart failure and general debility.
Mr Fisher was born in 1820, in Scotland.
In 1850 he came to New York and engaged
i, a <siire on a saiiing vessel bound for
California. After a voyage of three
months he arrived in San Francisco. He
1.-ft Immediately for the mines in the vi
cinity of Marysville, but purchased a
strip of land and began farming. One
year later he came to Napa \ alley, and
purchased the ranch upon which ac re
sided up to the time of his deatr..
Close of Coney Island Stakes.
NEW YORK, March 13.— The following
stakes of the Coney Island Jockey
Club are announced to close on Tues
day" Coney Island Grand and Na
tional Steeplechase. $750 added, handicap
steeplechase for 4-year-olds and upward
full stoenlechase course, about two and
i half miles; Bay Hurdle race, $750 added,
handicap for 4-year-olds and upward, two
miles over eight hurdles, on the turf;
the Rosebud, $750 added, for lillies, 2-year
olds, four and a half furlongs.
Baseball at Grass Valley.
GRASS VALLEY, March 13.— 1n a
splendid game of baseball at Watt Park
to-day the Colts of Xovada City defeated
the Monarchs of Grass \ alley by a score
of 11 to !• RookenfHd and Ballestere,
formerly of Napu, were the battery for
the Colts, and Overmeyer and \A hitburn
for the Monarchs.
Would End a Receivership.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. M.. March 13.—
Judge Hamilton of the Fifth Judicial Dis
trict has been holding court In the city.
In the case of the Mercantile Trust Com
pany of New York vs. the Pecos Valley
Ilaliroad Company he entered a decree
of foreclosure and appointed Judge A. A.
P'reeman of Eddy as master in the case.
It is intended to get the Pecos Valley
Railroad out of the hands of the re
ceiver E O. Faulkner, as soon as pos
sible 'so the Hasormans can commence
work on the extension.
Mayfield Votes for Bonds.
MAYFIELD, March 13.— At an election
held here yesterday it was decided by a
vote of 128 to 40 to issue bonds to the
amount of J14.000 for a new school house.
T ast nleht the citizens celebrated the vic
tory with bonfires, anvils and speech
making.
Powder Works Kept Busy.
SANTA CRUZ, March 13.— The pow
der works were running full blast to
day making government powder. It is
unusual for the entire force to be at
work on Sundays. Extra men are being
employed. It is presumed that orders
have been received to rush the output.
For the past week the plant has been
devoted to the manufacture of Govern
ment and brown powder.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
papev
HAWAII'S
PRESIDENT
HOME AGAIN
Says He Is Gratified
by the Result of
His Trip.
Believes Annexation Is
Merely a Question of
Time.
Construes Popular Greeting as
an Encouragement of
His Scheme.
ADMIRER OF McKINLEY.
Ratification of the Treaty, Ho Says, Is
Only Delayed by the War
Excitement
Special Dispatch to The CalL
HONOLULU, March 6.— The steam
ship China, from the Orient, docked
early this morning with 668 Japanese
contract laborers, including a number
of women. As they brought with them
two cases of German measles the ves
sel was placed in partial quarantine.
Although Hawaiians are especially
susceptible to this disease in its viru
lent form there need not be the slight
est apprehension of danger in this in
stance.
President Dole has returned in excel
lent health and spirits. For one of his
temperament he is profuse in his ex
pressions of appreciation at the gen
eral hospitality he received during
his visit in the United States, and es
pecially in California. He is replete
with incidents of travel, but very cau
tious in his remarks on the political
situation. He does not deny that he
will shortly hand to the Legislature a
special message, nor will he for the
present affirm it. He was greeted on
his return by salutes from the Ameri
can men-of-war and our own battery,
but the only gathering to receive him
consisted of the Cabinet and the offi
cials of the Foreign Office and military
staff. In an interview President Dole
said:
The Maine disaster absorbed the atten
tion of statesmen in Washington previous
to my departure for Hawaii. When that
has quieted down, I believe Hawaiian an
nexation will be paramount in Congress.
When I was in Washington I met many
friends of Hawaii. They feel confident
that annexation will come. While there
was a doubt whether the treaty would
secure the required sixty votes in the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3SB 888888888S 88 88828388 82 SS S3 *. S3 S3 82 S3 S3 83 S3 83 S3 83 S3 SS S3 83 S3 S3 88-48 83
88 n^ S
88 *-£*& '
"■'IPWiVl?)' c . <^^wW L w^F^j^l.S
Is. ... , j y3^C^- A No. I"Suits ."al|--2
85 AN manner of good /f^(Jt<<X ra l /> r„ ■■
L^ 6 JF/^OSCN of tnem - Carefully 88
88 suits— all styles and #^Wo£ ) made— as to trim- «
IS all fabrics — that you \ F o^xl/ mings, stitching and *
88 L l • \-I cvt — perfect in every 88
88 have been paying f> « .X _ "° ' S
88 . r detail. Every one fit- S
| $15.00 for, are now 1 v ,: ted to each purchaser 88
iBB being offered for | before being allowed <jj
•* $10.00. i~K — to leave c store. S
i \\ v I
g I -[ \\\ \ F~~ A 188
5- $15.00 Suits I \\ \ Worth $15.00, - 88
jBB | genuinely reduced II but cost you.; a
* to 11' only 88
II $10.00 1 -^w $10.00 ,|
iO3 I Z 1 \ 188
|88 j ..■-■"■ - ' '' SS.
I We Make No Foolish Claim 1
88 - .-■ •.. -v \ ' y ] ' : -- ' "' : ' - : ' 88 -
About these suits. We don't ask you to believe they are the best : 88
** •
88 we have. We don't claim they are worth twice the price we Tr
|88 ask — but we do claim and "guarantee ; they are really worth 88
88 : $15.00 ; that they have been selling for that price ; that we have
88 marked them down to $10.00 ; that they will fit and wear to 25
88 satisfy you ; that our immense line offers the opportunity for a., 88
'* discriminating selection of Tweeds, Cheviots and Cassimeres, in „
88 every late color and design ; and lastly, we suit you in every 88
*° detail or return your money. *J
88 88
ot ■ — — __
88 Everything we sell kept in re- S
|| pair one year free of charge. *5
c > 88
» •*
88
88 .- -. '■ ' ■ - ■■■■.■.•■■■■■' " ■" ■ • ■•■•■ ;; ®
1 COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS, S
I 718 MARKET STREET, S.F.|
88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 JBBBB 88*88 88 88 88 88 88^88.88 88 88 88 88 88 88 BSBB
Senate, still It was the consensus of opin
ion that a joint resolution would carry
in both houses. I place much reliance in
what was told me by Senators and Con
gTessmen who are fighting for Hawaii,
for I know them to be working faithfully
and earnestly.
What is Speaker Reed's attitude?
When I was in the American capital I
learned that he had always opposed an
nexation, although he has made no dem
onstration against the treaty.
My impression of President McKinley?
Well. I will reply that it is extremely fa
vorable. I found him to be an unassum
ing, frank and sterling man. He seems
to have his heart and soul in the annex
ation treaty.
Our reception was extremely cordial
and hospitable. All along the line to and
from Washington throngs of people came
to see me. We shook hands, and in many
instances I was obliged to speak briefly
from the car platform. It was from these
people that I gathered the impression
that Uncle Sam's adoption of Hawaii was
the popular sentiment throughout the
land.
The Legislature is still harassing the
ministry with questions. They are de
termined, especially the members of the
House, to ascertain to the minutest de
tail how the Government has been con
ducted for the "past five years before
they proceed to actual legislation. They
cannot understand why the Govern
ment has not insisted upon the planters
obeying the law by bringing in a pro
portionate number of white laborers for
every hundred Asiatics, and they
clamor for the general enforcement of
the bonds given by the plantation
agents. It is understood that the plant
ers prefer to pay the penalties on the
bonds to introducing the labor re
quired, owing to the difficulty of pro
curing a suitable class.
The continued ill-health of Captain
James A. King, Minister of the Interior,
has compelled him to take a voyage to
Australasia and return. He is broken
down by hard work. Unfortunately
his chief cierk. Major John A. Has
singer—the John A. Russell of Hawaii
for information and experience — has
also been sick from the same cause,
and consequently this portfolio has
been intrusted to the übiquitous Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, who has he.i
about every position under the admin
istration.
POWER FOR MANY TOWNS.
Waters of the Kaweah River to Be
Harnessed by Man.
VISALIA, March 13.— An important in
dustrial enterprise has just been per
fected here by William H. Hammond,
Mayor of the city, and A. G. Wishon,
manager of the water works. With them
is associated W. G. Henshaw of tha
Union National Bank of Oakland. Thes«
gentlemen propose to bring electric forca
amounting to 1600 horse-power to Visalia
from a point in the mountains thirty
miles east of here. They will utilize tha
waters of the Kaweah River for that
power, building a plant on the river and
conducting the power to the city by wire.
The plant and its appurtenances will
cost $200,000 and it is expected active work
will be begun in a few days. By the Ist
of next August the promoters expect to
have lights burning and wheels humming
In Visalia.
Xot only this town, but several of the
neighboring towns, such as Tulare, Por
terville. Lindsay and Exeter, will be sup
plied with power. The present electric
light plant here will probably be ab
sorbed by the new company, as will the
water works, as the price of electric
lights and the cost of running machinery
will be greatly reduced.
Mr. Hammond will be in San Francisco
on Monday to see about the incorporation
of the company, which will start with
about $300,000 capital stock.
Noted Swedish Poet Bead.
HELSINGFORS, Finland. March 13.—
Zacharias Topelius, the Swedish poet,
historian and literateur. is dead. He was
of Finnish origin and was born at Kudd
las, January 14, IS4S.
34
MONDAY MARCH 14, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F. j
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL R00M5....- 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is ]
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month)
66 cents. '
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway i
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE RI6JL* House!
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, !
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street, open until
£30 o'clock. 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- :
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second and
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- |
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "Mysterious Mr Bugle-"
Colombia— Primrose and West's Mlnatrelfc
California—" Town Topics."
Alcazar— "The District Attornry."
Morocco's— "The English Rose-"
Tlvoli— "The Geisha."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Auditorium, Mason and Ellis streets— Recitals of Scottish
Song and Story.
Metropolitan Temple— lecture on Phrenology.
The Chutes— Chlquita and Vaudeville.
California Jockey Club, Oakland— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By T. McDonald— This day, March 14, Silks, etc., at 116 Grant
arenne. at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.
By Frank W. Butterfleld-Thls day, March It, Carpets, at
118-115 Tenth street, at 11 o c lock.
THE GRAND JURY MUST ACT.
REVELATIONS made by The Call concerning
the manner in which contracts for work on
the new ferry depot have been manipulated,
apparently with an intention to defraud the State,
impose upon the Grand Jury the duty of an im
mediate and searching investigation. The scandal is
grave. The Commissioners seem to have permitted
jobbery to be carried to the extent of robbery, and
an official examination is imperative.
As a rule the jobs seem to have been carried out ]
in the simplest manner possible. Contracts would be I
let calling for work requiring a high grade of ma- j
terial, and after having been let on that basis would j
be afterward changed so as to allow the contractor j
to furnish a cheaper material, but draw the same pay
allowed for the better grade.
Several instances of this kind of manipulation
have been cited by The Call and evidence furnished
that the changes made were of a kind that defrauded
the State. In a single one of these changes, that of
the substitution of a different sort of flooring from
that for which the contract called, the profit obtained
amounts to about $39,400. Another big item is found
in the change made in the kind of stone used in the
construction of the edifice. When the contract was
to be let bids were made offering Colusa stone for
$97,000 and Oregon stone for $109,000. The con
tract was awarded for Oregon stone. The building
nevertheless has been constructed of Colusa stone,
and a poor quality of stone at that, for some of it is
chipped, some patched, and some of it badly tooled.
Many other instances of a similar kind of work
bearing every evidence of intentional crookedness
have been pointed out by The Call with a definiteness
of statement that cannot be mistaken. Examples of
such jobs are found in so many departments of the
work it can hardly be doubted that schemes of a like
nature were put through to a greater or less extent
in all. In fact it appears the construction of the
building was a combination of secret jobs instead
of a public work, and was carried on for the benefit
of anybody rather than the State and the people.
With the disclosures made by The Call as a basis
to go upon the Grand Jury ought not to be long in
bringing to light the true inwardness of all these
changes in contracts, and all these substitutions of
cheaper material for that called for when the contract
was let. Enough has been made known to cause
suspicion amounting to moral conviction in the
minds of impartial men that serious frauds have been
practiced in the construction of the edifice from first
to last, and with such a conviction in the public mind
the duty of investigation cannot be ignored.
We call upon the Grand Jury to turn its attention
to this work at once. The facts are before them.
The State has apparently been defrauded of large
sums of money and the members of the Grand Jury
will be neglectful of duty, or worse, if they hesitate
or delay in seeking out the whole truth and indicting
any and all persons who may be found to have been
guilty of frand.
There are people who like horse meat, but this is
no excuse for disguising horse meat as beef and
feeding it to the unsuspecting public. Such a course
19 particularly unpleasant to contemplate when the
fact is remembered that in this country a horse is
never killed while it has the strength to stand up
and bear the weight of a harness. Both the dead
horse and the seller thereof should be sent to the
garbage cremator}'. One is as detrimental to the
happiness of life as the other.
It is not strange that Belcw refuses to give up
money for the support of his children, preferring to
devote it to the doubtful effort to save his own neck.
A man who poisoned his brother and sister is not
likely to have his affections stirred much by the
needs of his little ones. In fact there is room for sus
picion that he has no notable amount of affection to
stir.
Rumors of what the Kaiser intends to do in case
of war between the United States and Spain lack im
portance for more than one reason. In the first place
they are probably untrue, and in the second the af
fair will be carried on without particular reference to
what the Kaiser may think about it.
The confession habit induced a Salinas man to
proclaim that he had committed a burglary of which
another man stood charged, but the jury went right
ahead and convicted the accused. The one who con
fessed might justly construe this as a reflection upon
his own veracity.
When the Klondike fever grows so virulent that
women become stowaways on north-bound vessels
it is time that something be done to check the
malady.
Kentucky's resolution to christen a warship with
water does not indicate a change of heart. Kentucky
knows a better use for whisky..
FAVORING ANNEXATION.
/^» ONSIDERABLE interest has been excited in
( the East by recent utterances of El Nacional,
the Madrid organ of the extreme Conserva
tives, or Weylerites, concerning the situation in
Cuba and the probable outcome of the crisis. From
such a source it was expected there would come
nothing but a clamor for the subjugation of the
Cubans and a vehement defiance of the United States.
The unexpected, however, has happened. According
to reports El Nacional declares that perhaps the best
solution of the problem at present would be the
annexation of the- island to the United States.
The cause of this change of front may be due in
some measure to a desire of the Weylerites to dis
credit the attempts of their political opponents to
establish a system of autonomy in Cuba and by that
means restore peace. Weyler having failed would
not like his successor to succeed. The baffled gen
eral would be glad to have every one else baffled,
since if the new ministry should have the good
fortune to bring to an end a war where the Con
servatives met so many disasters they would be pretty
well secure of power for many years to come.
Whatever may have been the cause of the adop
tion of a new and pacific policy on the part of the
Conservatives, they have brought forth some very
good arguments to sustain it. Their claim is that if
Cuban independence is established, or even if a
radical autonomy is granted to the island, the lives
and property of the Spanish loyalists will be at the
mercy of the triumphant Cubans, and that there
would result wholesale confiscations and perhaps
worse sufferings for the vanquished. To protect the
Spaniards in the island therefore, say the Weylerites,
there must be a strong Government to stay the rage
of the victors, and if Spain cannot rule, then the
island should be annexed to the United States.
This policy can be easily made to fit in with the
scheme. so often suggested that the United States
should purchase Cuba, or secure its independence by
indorsing its bonds and exercising a protectorate
over it, until an indemnity to be agreed upon shall
be paid to Spain. In either case the United States
would have authority in Cuba and would to some
extent be responsible for the security of the Spanish
loyalists who remained there after the war closed.
It seems from this the Spaniards are now con
vinced they cannot conquer the island and are fight
ing only to win some sort of favorable terms for
their Cuban bondholders and the property of their
adherents. This is significant of the end. It is quite
sure Congress will never consent to buy Cuba from
Spain, nor to guarantee an indemnity which the
Cubans might offer to Spain for the recognition of
their independence. There is just as little likelihood
of annexation. At any rate if annexation is under
taken it will be by negotiations with the Cubans and
not with the Spaniards. The change of tactics on the
part of the Weylerites comes too late. The Spaniards
in Cuba have sown the wind and must reap the
whirlwind and bear the consequences as best they
may.
CONDITIONS MORE UNSETTLED.
THE monotonous stability of trade heretofore
remarked, and which ruled without interrup
tion for some weeks, seems to be passing away
and conditions are more unsettled. This is true of
the whole country, but applies more particularly
to the Atlantic coast, where a falling off in the dis
tributive trade is reported. The center of commercial
activity has now shifted to the West, where business
is reported brisk. The decrease in the East may be
due to the war scare, as some authorities assert, or to
the natural period of quiet after the satisfaction of
the spring demand, or to several other causes, but
its source has not yet been definitely denned. Its
existence is exhibited, however, in the bank clearings,
which, though still large and 38.8 per cent ahead of
1897, are still smaller than for several preceding
weeks. Of the^ eighty cities and towns reporting
clearings only two show a decrease — Hartford, 16
per cent, and Houston, 8.1 per cent — so it must not
be inferred that trade is dull, for it is not. There is
merely a decrease from the recent phenomenal activ
ity, which could not be expected to last forever.
This easing off along the Atlantic coast is ap
parently general rather than individual. That is,
while the aggregate volume of business is less, the
great staples are individually reported in active move
ment, and at prices which are as firm as they have
been. Possibly the recent realization in Wall street
may be the cause for the decrease in the total, and
from this point of view it probably is. In other words,
the withdrawal of funds from speculation in national
securities has shown itself in decreased bank clear
ings, while the merchandising of the country goes on
as usual. This is apparently proven by the returns
of the railroads, which are showing steadily increas
ing earnings, even while their shares are being
thrown on Wall street for realization. This is a
curious condition, and one which does not happen
very often. Money is easy, more gold is coming in
from Europe, and the demand for the general run
of products is increasing. So, the more we look at
the situation and the more closely we analyze it, the
more apparent it becomes that if there is any real
falling off in the aggregate of trade it comes from
timidity in Wall street and from nowhere else.
In this connection a glance at the condition of
the leading staples may be interesting. Iron is active,
and some branches of it feverishly so, owing to the
preparations for war going on all over the country.
Orders for railroad cars, farming tools and mining
supplies are beyond all precedent. All the minor
metals are also brisk, and generally at firm prices.
The export of wheat and other breadstuff's is as large
as ever, and at steady prices as a rule. Cotton has
sold off a fraction, and the wool market is reported
dull, owing to the war scare, and sales at the Atlantic
centers are smaller than for some time, with frequent
cancellations of orders. This, in the face of advanc
ing foreign markets, is another incongruous condi
tion of trade at the moment.
A summary of the business situation throughout
the United States is rather confusing than otherwise.
The East is quieter and unsettled, while the West is
doing what is popularly known as a land-office busi
ness in almost every line. On the Pacific coast the
north is active, while California is quieter. This is
a purely local condition, due to the railroad war in
the north which is diverting trade from this State,
but which cannot last long, and may therefore be
considered merely temporary.
Local merchants report a falling off in the de
mand for most goods during the past few days, owing
almost exclusively to this rate war in the north.
The provision trade feels it more than any other
line, as cured meats form the principal food of the
Alaskan gold-seekers. There are other lines, how
ever, which are feeling it as well. Against this
unfavorable feature we have a good market for all
products of the farm, and a satisfactory demand for
manufactured goods, so there is no real dullness in
trade outside of the cured products, both animal and
vegetable. Mutton and pork have eased off during
the week, and dry hides have declined slightly.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898.
Sugar is lower and rice higher. Wheat is fairly
steady, and $i 42 1-2 is still the pivotal figure of the
market, which never gets very far away from, it.
Barley goes up one day and down the next, but the
advances are generally more than the depreciations,
so, taking it week after week, the general tendency
of the market is upward. Hay has again advanced
and is stiff at the rise, with excellent prospects for
still higher prices, unless the State gets a heavy fall
of rain.
As for farming prospects, they are fully as good
as at any time during the past year. It is now pretty
well settled that the interior central part of the State
will have a short crop of cereals this year, and that
the north will have a fine yield, with the south in
doubt. Still, the situation is so delicate that two or
three days of drying north winds or copious rains
would change it right around. All this keeps the
grain trade on the ragged edge of uncertainty and
adds one more to the confused conditions which are
dominating the markets of the country at the mo
ment. The fact remains, however, that we are doing
a good business on the whole — much better, in fact,
than for at least five years, and there is nothing in
sight to warrant apprehension that it will show any
serious decrease for some time to come.
OUR MERCHANT MARINE.
THE menace of war with Spain will lead to a
large extension of our naval power in the im
mediate future. That much is assured, for the
nation now fully realizes the fact that our wars from
whatever source they come will be fought out almost
wholly upon the sea. We need a stronger navy than
we have, and we will provide one. To man the new
ships we will need experienced seamen. Where will
we get them?
Of the sailors who went down with the Maine a
very large proportion were foreign born. The crews
of all our men-of-war have an equally large share of
seamen who are Americans by adoption only. Very
different is the condition of affairs in the naval arma
ment of Great Britain. In his recent speech on the
naval estimates in the Commons, Mr. Goschen said
the British navy is in no lack of men to man its fleets,
and moreover there are hosts of English sailors, or
boys ambitious to be sailors, who were ready to
enlist in the service at any time. Our country should
be in the same situation. American warships should
be manned by American seamen.
England has a large reserve of skilled sailors to
draw upon for service in the navy, because she main
tains a merchant marine which employs thousands of
men and trains them to the work of steamship and
sailing vessel. Her ships, supported by liberal sub
sidies, are to be found in every sea, and afford work
and wages to men who otherwise would be com
peting for employment on land and either depriving
some other man of work or else being themselves
members of the great army of the unemployed and
destitute who throng the streets of the cities and the
highways of the country. The United States should
have a similar merchant marine in order that it may
have similar advantages.
The British merchant marine is a paying invest
ment. Every penny given in subsidies is returned
with interest to the nation by the earnings which
the ships bring in from the commerce of the world.
It is estimated that the people of the United States
pay out annually $300,000,000 to foreign ship owners
for carrying our exports abroad, and the greater por
tion of this vast sum goes to Great Britain. It is a
heavy tribute to pay, and a wasteful one at that, for
by following the British policy we could maintain a
fleet of merchant steamers or our own, which would
not only save the money for us, but add more to our
wealth.
At the present time the American ship is the only
product of American industry exposed to foreign
competition which is not protected. In this respect
it has been treated unfairly, and has a rightful claim
upon the attention of Congress. As a means of
relieving the country from the drain of money paid
to foreign ship owners and as a step toward sup
plying trained seamen of American birth for the
American navy our merchant marine should be sup
ported by favorable legislation at once. The country
calls for it and Congress should see to it.
SCIENCE fIND SILKWORMS.
SCIENCE, allied with mechanical ingenuity, if
all reports are true, has about destroyed the
value of the silk worm. Just as modern in
genuity can make from the fats of slaughtered cattle
a species of butter almost as good as the article
churned from milk, so from the mulberry leaf has it
devised a means of spinning silk thread direct with
out waiting for the slow action and patient toil of
the silk worm.
The new process is of British invention, and it
is announced that tests of it have proven so success
ful that a large factory is in process of construction
at Coventry, England, for the production of the
artificial silk on a large scale. It is claimed the
product will be not a mere imitation of silk, but
something as much like genuine silk as oleomar
garine is like butter. All of its elements will be the
outcome of vegetable fiber, and the only difference
from the silk at present in use will be that these ele
ments will be converted into thread by mechanism
instead of a living organism.
The artificial process is similar to the natural one.
The silk worm secretes a thick viscid solution by
masticating certain leaves, and from the glutinous
substance the worm spins its cocoon. Science pro
duces a similar substance by chemical treatment, and
then mechanical skill comes in and completes the
work. The mechanism employed is very delicate.
The Philadelphia Record in describing it says:
"This mother solution is kept in a large, tightly
closed steel tank, from which it is conveyed through
pipes to the artificial silk worms. The latter consist
of a number of fine tubes having innumerable taps,
capped with glass tubes, each provided with a capil
lary bore not larger than the eye of the finest needle.
Hydraulic pressure forces the fluid or jelly in a fine
stream from each tiny nozzle. This stream, after
rising to the height of about one inch from the tap,
becomes a solid filament or silken thread, owing to
evaporation. The filament is then caught by an at
tendant and wound upon a bobbin. A machine with
a hundred nozzles, each spinning its thread, does
the work of one hundred silk worms, and occupies
quite a small space."
That a large amount of capital has been invested
in a factory to produce the artificial silk is fairly good
evidence that the invention is of practicable value.
Time and trial under all conditions alone can tell,
however, whether the artificial new silk 13 to be as
good in general use as that the silk worm spins. If
it should be anywhere near as good there will be a
new industry for the United States. Before long
China and Japan may be importing silk from this
country and the silk worm will have to hunt another
job or be driven from the earth as a nuisance.
Perhaps the Spaniards would not have planted
mines so freely had they realized what the harvest
would be.
INDIVIDUAL THOUGHTS,
BY A MODEST CRITIC
Henry Ja:..ec, whose Interesting mat
ter appears on Sundays, has been an
noyed. I understand, because he has
been believed to be the writer of this
column, which he decidedly is not. But
he must have been twitted **j people
who read little. Mr. James writes
"with the strength of moderation," but
I confess my propensity for speaking
of a liar as a liar. If any of the "gen
tlemen" who desire to "thump" Mr.
James because of what has been writ
ten by me will devote an afternoon to
my punishment I shall be delighted.
The police will impart my address and
so will the proper authority of this pa
per to those who can show cause.
A correspondent who happens to dis
cern my individuality asks what I
mean by saying that "Hasta Manana"
means that and that alone to a Span
iard. I have to reply that I mean ex
actly what I said. But in explanation
this: My friend, J. B. Whitehead (a
son of the torpedo maker), who is a
most excellent linguist — speaking a
half dozen languages fluently — brought
the point cited to my attention ab
ruptly once. I was his guest at his
rooms in St. John's College, Cambridge,
some years ago, and we had been talk
ing language for hours, but tired.
After some tea, accepting a cigar from
him I said "thanks.". Mr. Whitehead
asked "How would you translate that
into French or Spanish?" I thought
for a moment and decided it wise not
to try. "It's impossible," he said, and
so it Is. It is as impossible as getting
the "anlma mia," the "idolo mia" of the
Italian people into the darling, sweet
heart and the other loving terms
Anglo-Saxons use. We discussed the
matter days after that and I have been
impelled to the conclusion that not
only is there no word in any other lan
guage that means exactly home, but
that there is no expression in any
tongue which can be precisely uttered
In another. Mr. Whitehead has been
in the British diplomatic service for
more years than I have teeth but he
will recall the incident with as much
pleasure as I. He taught me some
thing and joyed in doing it.
The statement that annexation Is killed
because the treaty lacks two or three
votes Is gratuitous. The resolution Is to
be heard from yet, and when It cornea up
It will not have a two-third 9 hurdle to
jump. — Chronicle.
That Is, for once, the truth, and when
the resolution Is heard from It will be
found that the members of the House of
Representatives will look the flagrant
job over before they consent to Impose
Dole, his leprous crew and his debts on
California. There will be a hurdle to
jump which I am convinced will throw
the nefarious schemers. The popular
branch of Congress usually Insists
very properly, on information In detail,
and as It can be readily had with ref
erence to Hawaii, the probabilities are
that It will be. When the members of
the House of Representatives see the
truth, I have every confidence In their
loyalty to the best interests of the
country. The character of the present
Hawaiian Government is shown by the
printed news that Dole's locum tenens
on the reassembling of what is called
the National Parliament substituted
something that suited his purpose bet
ter than what Mr. President had writ
ten as a "message" for the instruction
of the Inhabitants of the islands.
"Trouble," we are told, is likely to oc
cur. When rogues fall out honest men
may get their due, and it is devoutly to
be wished that these schemers may
quarrel with a sure intent. If they do,
we shall probably learn more about
this attempt to foist these islands upon
us than we now know. It is a "job,"
of course, but who the traitors are is
a matter that interests. There is such
a thing as punishment, and In this case
it should be heavy.
I have, happily, incurred the atten
tion of a Merced gentleman who as
sumes the right to judge modest criti
cism. From the advertising at the top
of his letter paper I learn he is a dealer
in multitudinous things, and from the
signature at the bottom I judge him a
Hebrew. According to his law and
gospel I am several fools, a bunch of
knaves and an Illiterate. That cheers
but does not inebriate. My sin is
that I chose to tell the truth about
Zola's interference in the Dreyfus
trouble as I see it. I am afraid that
my Hebraic friend has been carried off
his reasoning feet by that racial love
which is so characteristic of and ad
mirable in the Jews. Passing by the
personal abuse, I explain to my de
famer that the Dreyfus affair is a na
tional issue. The French nation has
decided it. There are, doubtless, many
who do not accept as wise the findings,
but, as before stated here, no man can
dictate to a people. Let us look at
the matter which predominates in all
our minds at this moment. "We have
with a unanimity which, pray God,
may ever mark the nation, decided to
place fifty millions of dollars in the
President's hands to be expended for
defense as he sees fit. All do not agree
the wisdom of the act, but those who
do not are sensible and patriotic when
they make no attempt to thwart what
is clearly a national purpose.
Zola has the sympathy of writers be
cause he is a writer; Dreyfus has the
sympathy of the Jews because he is a
Jew. None of us on this continent knows
anything of the evidence adduced at
Zola's trial, nor at that of Dreyfus, for
"foreign correspondence" is not relia
ble. So we will not judge, that is if we
are sane. Nor must those who know
as little as we.
Mr. David Christie Murray. Mr. The
ron C. Crawford and others who assume
to have discovered the right and the
wrong of this issue would be entitled
to more respect if they had never ut
tered a word about it. I can find some
slight excuse for Hebrews who discuss
the affair, though, for the general af-
fection characteristic of their race is
marked the world over. We Christians
talk (very much talk) of loving our
neighbors as ourselves, but we do not
even love our kindred as the Jews love
theirs. But to return to Zola: His po
sition in the world is anything but be
ing above criticism. His fame and
money are both due to the writing of
clever but very salacious stories. He
has, truly, wonderful descriptive abil
ity, but only in that class of work. My
right, which is that of any writer of
ability, to criticize his motive in inter
ference in a matter that did not con
cern him — he has shown no exceptional
love of the human race — cannot be
questioned. To me It savors more of
his well known love of notoriety than
anything else.
The Examiner appears to think that
the world is to be stuffed with any
'folly it may choose to perpetrate. It
publishes what it calls a "copyrighted
dispatch" from Berlin which begins:
"The Spanish Embassador here com
plains bitterly that there are some half
a dozen United States cruisers lying off
the coast of Spain, practically block
ading all her ports." That may be
good news, but he who dreamed It
knows as much about the relative geo
graphical positions of Bilbao and Bar
celona as he does of the color of the
gentleman who will open the gates of
darkness to him later on.
It would be cheering If we had
cruisers enough in foreign waters to
blockade at any rate one port. But we
have not. Yet we talk of empire! We
want to annex Cuba, we have a craving
for Hawaii! If the $50,000,000 in the
President's hands is not immediately
urgently needed (and it is not likely to
be) its expenditure in a sensible but
celeritous way on our coast defenses
and additions to the navy will not be
out of place. Look at Great Britain.
With no immediate menace ' that is
worth calling attention to, her annual
appropriation for defense for this sin
gle year is five times greater than the
amount of money which has been prop
erly voted in order to promote peace.
A wiser step than this, by the way,
has never been taken in our history.
There are those who cavil at the Pres
ident; he is spoken of as "a tool of
Mark Hanna" and maligned in various
other ways, but in this crisis he has
abundantly proven his right to hold the
chief magistracy. He has shown an
aversion to strife, which is a mark of
courage rather than otherwise, for he
who last cries fight is ever foremost in
defense.
Possibly no one will believe what fol
lows who has not observed the folly of
which the Bulletin Is capable, but I
aver that in its fatuous desire to fasten
the Sandwich Islands on California it
argues that as the commerce of the
world is "moving East from Europe"
and is in twenty years going to reach
the land of lepers, we should proceed
to take time by the forelock and have
our leprosy a quarter of a century —
more or less — before we get our com
merce. (The next "reason" for annexa
tion will have a glass case and be
placed on exhibition in Barnum & Bai
ley's "Six big shows in one.") Imbe
cility In the conduct of the little paper
has existed for a long time I am aware,
but if this last display be not supreme,
I confess I have sights yet to see.
The evening organ of the railroad Is
Informed that Ananias when prefixed
to Lewis must not appear in its col
umns. That expression was copyright
ed In 1898, and all rights are reserved.
"Tom Pepper" might do. That gem
was not kicked out of Cuba for telling
lies, but a place slightly warmer man
aged to get rid of him on that account.
These are three of the Examiner's
"findings" as to the loss of the Maine.
They are republished here simply to
show what an unconscious faker a yel
low journal can be:
A hole was found just above the keel on
the port side, where a torpedo or mine
was started.
Her bottom Is all gone.
The powder magazines and shell rooms
are intact.
Where the hole was, •which was
"blown off," how the magazines could
be intact when "her bottom is all
gone," seeing that they are always as
close to that part of the vessel as pos
sible, are things to guess at. But when
a rascal has the audacity to say that
"this outline of some of the findings of
the Board of Inquiry is authentic, 1 ' he
overreaches himself. The members of
the Board of Inquiry are gentlemen—
men of honor, none of whom would for
any consideration divulge a single item
of the proceedings before them, nor
judge of what they have heard until
the evidence is all in. Still the idiotic
space-maker has "found" what it is
impossible to find. By what means? I
scarcely suppose the trickster will
again assert that " a great journal has
methods of getting news which are not
generally known." The last time that
morceau appeared it was followed In
about a week by a compelled admission
that the Examiner had bought from a
poor clerk news which cost him his po
sition. Yellow journalism must under
stand that officers of the navy are
built of sterner stuff than was that un
fortunate. And it must understand,
too, that any slur on the general char
acter of members of that or any other
branch of the national defensive serv
ice will not be permitted.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
R. M. Bulla of Los Angeles Is a guest at
the Grand.
W. P. Giles, U. S. N., is registered at
the Grand.
J. B. Turner, U. S. N., Is a guest at
the California.
John Allen of Shanghai, China, is a
guest at the Palace.
W. A. Farris, a mining expert of Den
ver, is at the Palace.
R. Q. Brown, a mining man of Bodle, is
a guest at the Palace.
J. C. Jones of Kansas City Is at the
Occidental with his wife.
Rev. and Mrs. J. G. Van Rljir of Vic
toria are at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles J. Moore of Chi
cago are guests at the Palace.
State Senator C. M. Simpson is at the
Grand from his home in Pasadena,
R. K. Colcord, ex-Governor of Nevada,
is registered at the Grand from Carson
City.
W. A. Mackinder, a large wine grower
of St. Helena, is one of the late arrivals
at the California.
Rev. "W. F. Walker, a missionary who
arrived on the China yesterday from
Peking, is staying at the Occidental.
"W. D. Smith, an employe of the Alaska
Commercial Company, has returned from
Honolulu and is at the Palace with his
wife.
That the pho
netical way of
spelling a word
is the best way
may be a fact as
far as the Eng
lish language la
concerned but
THE CAPTAIN
SPOILED
THE ROMANCE.
■when the apostle of the new method runs
up against Indian dialect he is liable to
meet with disappointment as the fol
lowing story told by an old traveler in
the California yesterday will serve to
illustrate.
'"We were off the roast of Siberia and
among the ship's company was a young
surgeon who had been spending all
his spare time in studying a dic
tionary of the Esquimau language
compiled by the missionaries. One day
the most complae wreck of a man I ever
saw, in the person of an old native, drift
ed aboard. He kcked one arm, one eye,
one ear, besides numerous small bits of
scalp, and his Ace was seamed with
scars until it looled like the corrugated
bosom of Gettyibur g after Plcketfs
famous charge. Tie surgeon, wishing to
know how the fell«w hail come by such
terrible disfigurements, interviewed him.
and found that the wounds had resulted
from a desperate hand to hand encounter
with a bear that he hud engaged in while
endeavoring to protect a young girl from
the fury of the ravenous beast. We were
all struck with the romance of the tale
and the courage, until the captain, who
had never studied the language from any
book but who had picked it up from long
association with the na.lves, c:-ne along,
and, after exchanging t. few words with
our hero, turned around and informed us
that his wounds had been occasioned by
a tumble over a ciiff he had taken while
in a state of alcoholic ecstasy."
Mrs. McClaren. nee Ash, returned on
the China from Honolulu, where she haa
been visiting her brother-in-law. Minister
Sewell. „
D. Carton Lee and wife, two well
known residents of the British capital,
arrived on the China yesterday and went
to the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Bosworth, accom
panied by Charles H. Wilson of Troy, N.
V., are registered at the Occidental on a
pleasure trip to the coast.
Philip H. Powers of Kobe. Japan, E.
Goldschmidt and wife of Honolulu and
George W. Fisher of Honolulu are among
those who arrived yesterday on the China
and went to the Occidental.
Dr. I. Fijioka is a distinguished Jap
anese physician who arrived from thi
Orient yesterday on a tour of the Unltec
States and who will possibly visit Europe
before returning home. He is registered
at the Occidental.
G. F. Fraser, E. Lunn and F. H. Lowe,
three round-the-world bicyclists, arrive*
in the city yesterday on the China fron
the Orient. They will stay in the city but
a few days, going almost Immediately
East on the continuation of their journey
M. Shirashi, S. Kuboto and Y. Arumasu
are tnree distinguished Japanese gentle
men who arrived on the China yesterday
en route for Spain and England, where
two of them go to attend a medical con
ference and the third to inspect three
merchant vessels at present being built ai
Newcastle for Japanese firms. They ara
now at the Palace.
THE COWBOYS ARE I^EADY.
Denver Post.
We are not the holy terrors that the Eastern
papers say.
Never handle our six-shooters In a reckless)
sort of way,
Never shoot the lights out In saloons, nor n<s
slch things as that.
An' never ekeer a tenderfoot by ehootln*
through his hat.
But when there la a causa fur fight an' fight*
in's to be done,
"We never feel a nervousness "bout hltchln" t«
a gun.
An' so If Uncle Sammy wants to lick them
Spanish curs
We'll turn our hosses east'ard, an' we'll hit
'em with the spurs.
Not for the fun of flghtln' would we hit the
warlike trail,
Not fur the fun of shootln' an' a raisin' merry
hail.
But 'cause we are Americans, an' mighty good
ones, too.
An' love the Glory flag as much as Eastern
people do.
An' so if Uncle Sammy stagger" «P against
a muss
He'll never need to holler more'n once fur
help from us.
Then we'll saddle up our hoseea, yell "Our
Union right or wrong."
An' hit the trail fur battle with a jolly cow
buy eong.
Don't be modest. Undo Sammy, In a hlttln'
us, ol' chap.
If you find you are a needin' reckless riders
In the scrap.
An' you'll alhis find us ready with our
bronchos' heads In air.
An" we'll hit the highest places In the land
scape gittin' there.
We will give them sassy Spaniards quite a
touch of Western life,
We will fight 'em with the rifle or the pistol
or the knife,
We will bunch 'cm up like cattle on the
ranges or', this way.
An' we'll rroe 'em an" we'll tTrrc^v "em an*
we'll brand 'em U. P. A.
BRIGHT BITS OF PHILOSOPHY.
Ram's Horn.
Facing to-morrow's trials Is turning
your back on to-day's duties.
Discouraging a good man is the devil's
way of spiking his best gun.
"Whatever comes from the heart has m,
voice that speaks to the heart. T
Some men make their intentions of be
ing better an excuse for not being so.
Every good law is a public confession
that society is not as good as it should be.
What a difference there is between
what we are and what we want others
to be. __^_________«
SPEAKS TOO LATE.
Philadelphia Ledger.
The German paper which warns Ita
readers not to push the agrarian warfare;
against the United States, lest they stim
ulate the beet sugar industry in thia
country, is wise, but it speaks too late.
The indications are that the production
of beet sugar in America will be very
largely developed during the coming sea
son. ___^^^________
AFRAID OF AN EARLY DEMISE.
Minneapolis Journal.
Charlie Towne has refused a good rol«
as Little Eva in the "Curse of Gold" play.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Finest eyeglasses, specs; 15c. 33 Fourth.*
Special information supplied daily t<j
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 MonU
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Bishop Ellicott is now the senior mem-«
ber of the British Episcopal bench, hay-»
ing been promoted from the Deanery of
Exeter to the See of Gloucester and Bris
tol early in 1563.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething ■with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for^y
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething op^
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Airs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
COROXADO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th»
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $63; longer
stay. $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, man
ager. Hotel del Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Glenwood Springs. Colorado.
The centenary of Methodism In Ohio
will be celebrated at Delaware in June,
and President McKinley will attend.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Cook
who uses
BAKING
POWDER |
is sure of the
Finest FoodNEWS OF THE
REGULAR ARMY
Artillery Matters Now
Attract the Greatest
Attention.
Troops Selected to Do Patrol
Duty in the Yosemite
Valley.
An Academy Dinner to B« Held This
Evening at a French Res
taurant.
By direction of the Secretary of War
First Lieutenant Charles W. Foster, Bat
tery 1, Third Artillery, First Lieutenant
George E. Sago, Battery L, Fifth Artil
lery, and Captain William A. Kobbe, Bat
tery M, Third Artillery, have been di
rected to report to Colonel Marcus P.
. Third Artillery, president of the
examining board appointed to meet at
the Presidio, for examination as to their
litness fur promotion.
The following is a list of the Third Ar
tillery officers who will receive promo
tion under the new bill to increase the
army by two additional regiments of ar
tillery: Lieutenant-Colonel (now Colonel;
Edv.-a.rd R. Williston; Major Wallace F.
Randolph, Fort Riley, Kans., to be lieu
tenant-colonel; Captain James Burbank,
now on duty with the National Guard of
New York State, to be major; to be cap
tair.s—First Lieutenant Benjamin 11.
Randolph, Angel Island; First Lieu
tenant Henry R. Lemly, Fort
Mouroe, Va.; First Lieutenant John
R. Williams, military attache at
Berne, Switzerland; First Lieutenant
> 11. Ludlow, on duty at the Mis
sissippi Agricultural College; First Lieu
tenant Charles B. Satterlee, Fort Baker,
ut present on sick leave until July 17,
i'irst Lieutenant Charles B. Foster,
.AJigel Island; Second Lieutenant Frank
G. Mauldin, now on duty at West Point,
to be rirst lieutenant.
Colonel Edward B. Wllliston of the new
Sixth Regiment of Artillery left San
Isco for the East Saturday after
noon. Colonel Wllliston goes to Fort Mc-
Henry, Md., Instead of Fort Slocum, N.
} to which latter post lit: was lirst or-
The following appointments of non
commissioned officers were made last
week at the Presidio: Lance Corporal A.
ii. Jones, Troop X, Fourth Cavalry, to
be corporal, Troop X; Private 11. Guyer,
Troop X, Fourth Cavalry, to be lance
corporal. Troop X; Private John C. New
ton, Troop C, Fourth Cavalry, to be cor
poral, Troop C; Corporal Michael Fee
han, Company C, First Infantry, to be
sergeant, Company C; Private Arthur M.
Wales, Company C, First Infantry, to be
corporal. Company C.
The following sergeants of the Fourth
Cavalry, stationed at the Presidio, have
been discharged from the service of the
United States: Charles 11. Rankin, Troop
13, F. W. Crawford, Troop 1, and J. is.
Seith, Troop C.
Information has been received at tho
Presidio that the War Department has
selected Troops X and C, Fourth Cav
alry. Captains Harry C. Benson and
George H. G. Gale, commanding, for pa
trol duty in the Yosemite, Sequoia and
General Grant National Parks. These
troops performed similar duty In the
parks last season and the officers and
m.?n are pleased. with the detail. Last
year the troops marched to their respect
ive summer camps and left the Presidio
in time to reach their destinations about
Afuy 23. it is presumed that the same
course will be followed out this year.
On the 2Sth of last month the
Presidio Association Football Club
was organized with following officers:
President Captain James S. Pettit; vice
presidents First Lieutenants .John M.
Neall and Charles G. Menoher; captain of
the team, James F. Keilty of Troop X;
vice-captain, Joseph Fernandez of Troop
J\^ secretary, treasurer and manager,
F»st Sergeant James C. Robinson of
Troop B; committee on management—
Sergeant Moffltt of Troop B, Trumpeter
Dimmick of Troop B and Private Moyse
of Company D. There are twenty-nine
players in the club, nineteen from the
cavalry arm of the service and the in
fantry arm is represented by ten mem- I
bers. The team plays under the Associa
tion football rules. The club played its
first regular game on the Presidio
grounds Saturday afternoon with a team
organized by Rev. S. Hewitt Fullerton of
the Seamen's Institute, 33 Steuart street.
The soldiers won by a score of 6 to 2.
The following enlisted men composed the
toam: Fullbacks, Captain Keilty and
Rachford; halfbacks — Sergeants Moffitt,
O'Marie and Trumpeter Merrey: goal
keeper, Private Moyse; forwards — Trump
eter Dlmmick, Privates Smith, Fer
nandez, Steele and Carey.
The Secretary of War has granted fur
loughs for three months to Corporal
Robert C. Robinson Company B, First In
fantry, Benicia Barracks, and Private
Michael Baumgartner, Company D, First
Infantry; Presidio. A furlough for four
months has been granted Private George
B. Carpenter, Battery I. Third Artillery,
Angel Island.
Acting Hospital Steward Henry B.
Staley has been transferred from Angel
Island to the Presidio. The vacancy at
Arigel Island has been filled by the trans
fer- of Acting Hospital Steward Otto
Schlmann from Alcatraz.
In accordance with instructions from
the War Department Private Clarence
Boatman of Troop A. Fourth Cavalry,
and second-class Private John H. Long,
ordnance department. Benicia Arsenal,
havo been discharged the service of the
1 States.
By direction of the Secretary of "War.
Private Edward Bussard, Troop X,
th Cavalry, stationed at the Pre-
Prlvate Guy Coulter, Battery A,
. Artillery, stationed at the Presidio;
-■■: Charles W. Albert, Battery I,
■*m : Artillery, stationed at Angel Isl
77 and Private Frederick Gibke, Bat-
M, Third Artillery, stationed at Fort
. Wash., will be transferred to the
I it.il corps as privates.
b of the sentence awarded by a
...i court-martial to Private John L.
B. Ward, Company H, First Infantry, Be-
Harracks, as shall remain unexe
■ on the 15th lnst. is remitted. In
January last Private Ward was tried and
Ity of fraudulent enlistment,
and sent^nr.-d to be dishonorably dis
rged fmm the service, forfeiting nil
pay and allowances, and to be confined
at hard labor at Alcatraz for a period of
: month.".
Recent orders from Washington direct
• all fir:;t-elass gunners be provided
With and shall wear the gunner's badge.
The ganner-B badge is a bronze disk the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEAUTIFUL
SKIN
White Hands with Shapely Nails, Luxu-
riant Hair with Clean, Wholesome Scalp, pro-
duced by Ccticujia Soap, the most affective
skin purifying and beautifying soap in th«
world, as well as purest and sweetest, for
toilet, bath, and nursery. The only preventive
of inflammation and clogging of the Poees.
Oticura
go 1P It Mid throofboot the wmM.' Fotm» Dboo * Cum.
Tr.Rp Bo'.r Pruoe. Boston. V- S. A. *» BB^B-Ip .a*
(5* •• Ho» loPurlfr »nd Baaatlfy the Skin, Sc*lp »nd
B>ur," milled '"*•
nanV UIIUftDC Itching aafl §etly. tnrtMtir r«-
!.: \"i nUnlUlld «<"■*« t br Coticdiia Runtnin. -
siae of a silver half-dollar, pendant from
a trunnion of a miniature bronze cannon
with pin fastening. On the upper semi
circle of the ffceo of the disk arc the
words "U. 8. Artillery," and the circle is
completed by thirteen stars. A gunner's
quadrant is in the center.
A metal eyelet has been adopted by the
Quartermaster General of the army.
which will be placed Jn the front of the
caps of enlisted men for the convenient
insertion of the cap ornament. The sim
ple device will insure a uniformity in the
arrangement and a security in "the at
tachment of these emblems.
Major Louis T. Smith, who was retired
from the Fourth Artillery on the 10th of
last month on account of age, is a recent
arrival in the city. Major and Mrs.
famlth will make San Francisco their fu
ture home. Prior to his promotion to the
lourth, in April, 1597. Major Smith com
manded Battery K. Third Artillery, and
was stationed at the Presidio.
First Lieutenant Alexander T. Dean,
Troop B, Fourth Cavalry, stationed at
the Presidio, who has been absent on
leave for the past two months, has re
turned and resumed his duties at that
post.
Recent orders announce the following
promotions and assignments of officers of
the Third Artillery: Major Frank W.
Hess. Fort Baker, promoted from captain
Battery L to the Third Artillery; Captain
William E. Birkheimer, Presidio, pro
moted from first lieutenant Ligrht Battery
C to Battery L, Angel Island; First Lieu
tenant H. D. Todd Jr.. promoted from
second lieutenant Third Artillery to Bat
tery D, First Artillery; First Lieutenant
Maurice C. Krayenbuhl, promoted from
second lieutenant Second Artillery to
Light Battery C, Third Artillery, Pre
sidio; Additional Second Lieutenant
Robert S. Abernethy to Battery G, sta
tioned at Angel Island; Additional Second
Lieutenant Edwin A. Sarratt to Battery
E, stationed nt Fort Mason. Lieutenant
Sarratt has been directed to proceed to
Fort Canby, Wash., and report to the
commanding officer for duty with Battery
M. Third Artillery.
To-morrow evening the graduates of
the United States Military Academy on
this coast are to repeal the pleasant oc
casion of March 15, I*>!) 7, and hold an
academy dinner at the Maison Riche.
Following is the committee of arrange
ments: George B. Cosby, class '52; Colonel
Marcus P. Miller, commanding Angel Isl
and, class '58; J. L. Rathbone, class 'Co;
First Lieutenant B. H. Randolph, Third
Artillery, Angel Island, class "10; Captain
Charles O. Starr. First Infantry, Pre
sidio, class T8; First Lieutenant J. E.
Runcie. retired, class '79; First Lieu
tenant James E. Nolan, Fourth Cavalry,
Presidio, class '86; First LieutenantJ. D.
Miley, aid to General William R. Shatter,
class '87; First Lieutenant Sydney A.
Cloman, retired, class 'S9; Colonel George j
H Mendell, retired, chairman.
Captain I. P. Ware, assistant surgeon
United States army, came down from Be
nicia Arsenal on Friday last and is regis- j
tered at the Occidental.
First Lieutenant John D. Miley, aid to I
the department commander, returned
yesterday from a trip on public business
to Los Banos and Fresno, in connection j
with the examination of grounds suitable
for a target range for the light artillery
batteries stationed at the Presidio.
CHAMPIONS IN THE ARENA.
Casey and Dunn, the World's Record
Handball Players, Made Their
Appearance at Ryan's C art.
The great event of yesterday with the i
handball players was at Phil Ryan's San j
Francisco court at 858 Howard street, be- j
tween the great Eastern players Casey !
and Dunn. Both of the Eastern cham- |
pions showed the San Francisco players j
a trick or two at the game. Professor |
Casey, who has passed into the second i
half of the century, looked as though he \
had just turned his thirty-first year. !
When- time was called the newly fitted |
up court of. Phil Ryan was packed to its |
full capacity, with a sprinkling- of ladies j
in the gallery- The crack players were ;
paired off with Casey and James C. Ney- |
Ton on one side as against James Dunn
and T. F. Bonnet, License Collector, on
the other. ■ /C
The game while lacking the spirit of a |
championship game was nevertheless well j
contested. The score stood at the finish:
Casey and Nealon against Dunn and
Bonnet, 21—15, 14—21, 21—16. 17—21, 21—20.
A return of this game will be played on
next Wednesday afternoon. The other
amateur games played at the same court
yesterday were: M. Basch and M. Joyce
against W. Hamilton and E. White, 21—
13, 15—21, 21—18.
J. Dowling and M. McLaughlin against
J. Hogan and M. Maguire, 21—14, 16—21,
21 —
R. Houseman and E. Barry against J.
Kirby and M- McClure, 21—16, 18—21, 21—
P. Hutchinson and W. Kelly against M.
Dillon and G. Hutchlnson, 21—14, 15—21, 21
jg
J. Lawless and A. Pennoyer against J.
Harlow and P. Kelly, 21—13. 14—21, 21—20.
D Rodgers and P. Ryan against G. Mc-
Donald and M. McNeil. 21—15, 17—21. 21—19. I
R. Llnehan and E. Troy defeated M. J. f
Kllgallon and J. Harlow. Score: 21—11,
15-21, 21—17.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this !
paper.
i *-•-
The Medicos Won.
The California Medical OolW-pe nine of
San Francisco and the Healdsburg base
ball club played an exciting game at
Healdsburg yesterday. The score was 16
to 10 in favor of the Medical College team.
■■ ■ ♦ * ■
•To Cure a Cold in One Day -J •
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund the money if i' falls to cure, j
25c. The ccn::lne has L. B. Q. on each tablet, i
THE ' SAST FBAjS t CISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898.
ARE BOUND FOR
DUTCH HARBOR
The Ship Sintram and Her
Valuable Cargo to Sail
To-Day.
She Has Aboard Four Steam
ers and Six Barges for the
Yukon Trade.
Steamers and Sailing Vessels
Report Very Heavy Weather
Off the Coast
The much delayed ship Sintram, with
the river steamers and barges for the
Alaska Exploration Company aboard,
will get away to-day in tow of the tug
Fearless. The vessel was to have got
away the first of the month and then
she was to have sailed a week later.
Finally it was decided to dispatch her
last Thursday, but everything was not
in readiness, bo another postponement
Seen at the Sailing of the Ship Sintram for Dutch Harbor.
followed. The men would not sail on a
Friday, it was blowing too hard outside
Saturday and yesterday, so if the wind
goes down and everything Is favorable a
start will be made to-day.
For weeks past crowds of curious
loungers have watched the work of load
ing the Sintram and getting her ready
for sea. Yesterday, however, all the crew
and the men who are going to Dutch
Harbor on the ship were aboard and a
crowd of over 2000 men, women and chil
dren was down to bid them good-by and
see the vessel off. It was a good-natured
crowd, and they stood on the wharf hour
after hour laughing and joking over the
mishaps of some of the Sintram's passen
gers who had taken too many parting
drinks. A number of musicians played
aboard the ship until everybody was
driven ashore prior to the roll-call. Cap
tain Whitelaw took his station at the
h<-ad of the gangway, and each one of
the ISO engineers, painters, carpenters
and machinists went aboard again as his
name was called. Then to prevent any
body from going ashore and the visitors
from getting aboard, the Sintram was
moved out into the stream.
During the afternoon George Wheeler,
a rigger, went overboard, but was pulled
onto the wharf none the worse for his
ducking. Harry Edwards' hat blew over
board and exclaiming, "There goes part
of my Klondike outfit!" he jumped in
after it. He also was pulled out without
any trouble. While wandering around
the ship's deck J. McNally fell and broke
his kneecap. He was removed to the
Harbor Hospital, where Drs. Zabala and
DlKgina attended to his injury.
The Sintram, on her arrival at Dutch
Harbor, will discharge her cargo and the
work of putting the boats together will
begin at once. The work will be done
under the supervision of Captain T. P. H.
RED MEN FAVOR THE EXPOSITION.
Bald Eagle Tribe, No. 75, Improved Order of Red Men, at its regu
lar council fire on Friday night, adopted, by a unanimous vote, the fol
lowing resolutions:
"Whereas, Inspired by patriotic motives and with the best interests
of our State and municipality at heart, The San Francisco Call has, by
its untiring efforts, succeeded in bringing to the attention of all pubUc
spirited citizens the necessity of fittingly celebrating the Golden Jubi
lee of California's admission into the Union by means of an exposition
in A. D. 1900. The cardinal principles of our order being 'that honor
be given to whom honor is due," it is but fit and Just that we take cog
nizance of such exalted ideas which we realize are not the result of a
moment's thought, but of months, perhaps years, of careful considera
tion and deliberation; therefore, be it
"Resolved, That this tribe, as an organized body, voicing the senti
ments of its individual members, hereby extend to The Wan Francisco
Call its hearty approval of its noble efforts for the advancement of
our commonwealth. We look forward to the erection of this grand in
stitution in our midst as a means of showing to the world the resources
Df our great and glorious State; and, be it further
"Resolved, That these resolutions be spread in full upon the records
af this tribe and a copy thereof sent to the managing editor of The
3an Francisco Call."
Whitelaw. the contractor, and George R.
Kingsland, the constructing engineer. The
steamers will be called .Linda, Arnold,
Leon and Herman, and the barges Bear,
Seal, Fox, Otter, Mink and Lynx. When
completed they will go to St. Michael
ui id be ready for business as soon as
the Yukon opens. The Sintram and the
mechanics will return to San Francisco.
The Sintram Is well provisioned for the
vuyage and the men have been provided
with very comfortable quarters.
The Mail Company's steamer China ar
rived from the Orient yesterday. Dur
ing the run from Honolulu she had north
easterly gales until twelve hours before
reaching port, when the wind changed
to the northwest and blew a hurricane.
The China, Empress of India and Coptic
ail suffered mure or less during their
round trips. The China and Empress
caught it two mouths ago and the Coptic
got her share soon after leaving San
Francisco on her last voyage. She had
her turtle-back smashed and was other
wise damaged, but fortunately none of
the crew were injured. The China lost
two of her boats and had her railing and
forward house smashed.
The China brought eighty-one cabin
passengers for San Francisco and landed
690 Japanese at Honolulu. Over 100 Chi
nese, dressed in their best, were down at
the Mail dock to meet the steamer. Ow
Tien Kee, president of the Sam Yup So
ciety, came back on the China, and his
countrymen gave him a hearty welcome
home. Liang Hsun, the interpreter for
the Chinese Consulate at Havana, Cuba,
was also % passenger, and was included
in the welcome.
The wreck sighted off Honolulu by the
barkentine Archer is to be investigated.
The gunboat Bennlngton was sent out to
hunt up the derelict and remove it, as
it was a menace to navigation. The cap
tain of the Archer reported on his arrival
at Honolulu that he had passed the re
mains of a larpe ship, bottom up.
The bark C. D. Bryant suffered from
the storm at Longr Wharf, Oakland, last
Saturday night. She was badly chafed
during the gale and had her channels
torn out.
The barkentine W. H. Dfmond was In
the gale outside the harbor. A heavy
sea broke aboard and smashed much of
her deck furnishlnps. The schooner Ed
ward May lost her figurehead and had
her channels torn out. The Dimond and
May both arrived from Honolulu yester
day. The schooner Five Brothers had to
put back yesterday, as it was blowing too
hard outside.
The old steamer Takosa^o Maru has
been purchased from her Japanese own
ers and is to be put in the Klondike trade
between Puget Sound ports and Dyea
and Skaguay. She was built forty years
ago and was then called the Delta. Her
name has been changed again and she Is
now known as the Centennial.
Two batteries of the naval battalion
went out to the Presidio for gun practice
yesterday. They went from Folsom street
wharf in the Mayflower. The boys are
to give an exhibition drill In the Mechan
ics' Pavilion shortly and they are getting
ready for that event.
Sunday next there is to be an excursion
to Mare Island, Benieia and Vallejo on
the North Pacific Coast Company's
steamer San Rafael. Trains will leave
Mill Valley and San Rafael in time to
catch the steamer at Sausaltto at 9*30
a. m., the excursionists Laving San
Francisco at 10:15 a. m. •Teddy" Osborn
and "Gus" Kilborn will be in charge of
the outing, which should be a very enjoy
able affair.
THE TITANIA ARRIVES.
A Monster Whaleback Steams Into
Port With a Coal Cargo.
Just as the shades of night were en
veloping the bluffs opposite the straits
last night the Norwegian steamer Titania
■. a monster whaleback of the latest design'
i steamed slowly into port. The Titania is
the largest coaling steamer that has ever
visited this port. She has a capacity of
over 6000 tons, and her breadth of beam
| is so great that the ship has the appear
: ancc of a big man-of-war amidships.
The Titania carries a cargo of coal'con
| signed to John Rosenfeld's Sons, she left
| English waters some months nso round
■ ing the Horn for British Columbia The
I present trip was from Nanaimo, which
| was made in exceptionally fast time.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh, cure guarntd. Dr
Gordln > gSanttarlum.sl4Pine,nr.Kparny,S.F.,Cal.
The Excelsior Athletic Club.
Tho Excelsior Athletic Club will hold
Its monthly exhibition on Tuesday even-
Ing, March 15. The programme will con
sist of boxing, wrestling, etc.
The events of the evening will be a
four-round contest between two members
of the club for a silver medal, and an
eight-round boxing contest between Ben
Lewis of the Excelsior Athletic Club and
Harry Woods of the San Francisco Ath
letic Club.
Dr. Cachot has removed from 207 Taylor to
10 Turk street. Telephone Mint 143 G. •
BEATEN AND
ROBBED BY
TWO MEN
Harry Smith Held Up
on Minna Street
by Footpads.
Attacked While on His
Way Home and Se
verely Beaten.
Forced to Go to the Receiving
Hospital to Have His
Wounds Dressed.
THE POLICE ARE NOTIFIED
Victim Believes He Can Identify Hi»
Assailants if They Are
Arrested.
Harry Smith, a sailor, was assaulted
by two men on Minna street, between
Third and Fourth, at 1 o'clock yester
day morning, and after being beaten
Into Insensibility was robbed of $35 and
his hat and coat. The unfortunate man
was found lying on the sidewalk by a
policeman, and he was at once removed
to the Receiving Hospital.
He was bleeding profusely from a
deep gash In his head, the result of be
ing struck presumably with some in
strument. After the wound was dressed
Smith was detained at the hospital in
order that the police might secure a
statement from him.
Last night two detectives who were
detailed on the case by Chief Lees In
terviewed him with a view of getting a
clew to the robbers. Smith, according
to the story, arrived In this city last
Saturday morning after a cruise in the
Arctic waters. He had $50 when he left
the vessel, and meeting several old ac
quaintances he invited them to a sa
loon, where they had a number of
drinks.
After leaving them he went up Min
na street, intending to visit a friend,
who had on a previous occasion "sailed
the seas" with him. As he passed
Third street he was accosted by two
evil-looking men, one of whom asked
him for a match. Suspecting that they
intended to hold him up, Smith started
to walk away, when one of them struck
him over the head with some instru
ment, felling him to the ground. As
he lay prostrate the robbers searched
his pockets, securing all the money he
had. Before leaving their helpless vic
tim one of the them kicked him in the
side, injuring a rib.
Smith describes the man who first
assaulted him as being about 35 years
of age and shabbily dressed. He had
several weeks' growth of beard on his
face and wore a dark slouch hat, which
was pulled down over his eyes, evident
ly for the purpose of concealing his
features. The other, he says, looked
like a professional hobo, and spoke
with a foreign accent. He believes that
he can identify his assailants in case
they are arrested.
NOMINATIONS
FOR DIRECTORS
Preliminary Meeting of the
French Benevolent
Society.
Impoitant Changes In the Statutes
Recommended to Bo
Made.
The French Benevolent Society of San
Francisco held a meeting at Native Sons'
Hall yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of taking preliminary action upon certain
important matters to be voted upon at
the general meeting of the society which
will be held in two weeks. The officers of
the meeting were P. A. Bergerot, presi
dent; J. Ladagnous. vice-president, and
A. Bosquet, secretary.
A proposition to have a resident phy
sician in Oakland for the accommodation
of members of the society residing in that
city failed to receive sufficient support to
carry the matter before the general meet-
Ing of the society.
It was recommended that the following
matters be favorably considered by the
society: That all patients at the hospital
shall be provided with a private room up
on the payment of fifty cents per day;
that the by-laws be amended pro
viding that the general assembly
shall nominate an election commit
tee who shall select the officers
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Daily
At the rising of the
sun,
A cap of Ghirar-
dellVs Cocoa,
And the day is well
.begun.
*■■ '. /• " ■ "-" - .■--.'- ; . :. - : u
of the society; that the manner of
selecting the medical staff of the hospital
consisting of a hospital surgeon and phy
sician, a city physician and an oculist
be changed 'so that they shall be appoint
ed by the directors upon the recommenda
tion of the general assembly only.
Nominations for directors, to serve dur
ing the ensuing term, are as follows: H.
Faheque, H. Martin, J. "W. Dupres, A.
Legallet, J. Julien, R. Chartrey, E. Le
moine, J. Cames, J. Cuenln, F. Gaegrel, J.
Serveau.
■ ♦ »
An Offensive Smokestack.
The residents of the Potrero and South
San Francisco are up in arms against the
noxious vapor that comes from the smoke
stack of the garbage crematory.
They say the clumps were bad enough,
but the effluvium from decaying matter
■when saturated with salt water was as
sweet-scented rose water when compared
to the vapor that blows over the South
ern Heights when the garbage plant Is
in full working order. Already several
complaints have been lodged with the
city authorities to have something done
to stop the offensive smell that emanates
from this big chimney when the work of
reducing the city's refuse into smoke and
ashes is being carried on. The Potrero
people are not the only ones who have
been treated to these fumes. The resi
dents of the southern portion of the city
on this side of the channel from Harrison
street south have been gratuitously treat
ed to their share of the noxious vapor
when the wind veers around south or
southwest. Even _r. Fitzgibbons, a mem
ber of the Health Board, had a whiff of it
himself on one occasion when attending
a patient in that portion of the city, and
at that time he was heard to remark that
it was very injurious and should be
abated.
The nuisance Is worse at some times
than on others. This is the case when
the crematory is running on forced
draught. Then pieces of half-burnt rags
and paper are sent skyward to be blown
all over the Potrero hills.
It is proposed to hold a mass-meeting
at no distant date for the purpose of tak
ing joint action on this nuisance and for
mulate a protest 10 both the Board of Su
pervisors and the Board of Health, look-
Ing to the abatement of the evil.
Arranging for Diplomas.
A council representing the various de
partments of the University of California
met Saturday evening in the Hopkins Art
Institute for the purpose of arranging ap
propriate exercises for commencement
day during the month of May next. It
was decided that the exercises would be
held in a tent which will be erected on
the grounds, with a seating capacity of
6000 people. Following the programme a
luncheon will be served to all who visit
the university on the day of the com
mencement exercises. It has not as yet
been decided upon what day of the week
the graduating class will appear for their
diplomas.
Elevator Victim Identified.
The young man who was crushed in the
elevator at the Mechanics' Pavilion on
Saturday night while trying to gain ad
mission to the ball has been identified by
C. Condon of 15 Freelon street as being
William Speckter, who lived at 662^ Na
tnma street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
HEALTH
I TSTHE WORKING CAPITAL OFHUMANITY
, -■• He who loses that is wrecked indeed. Is your
health failing you? Your strength, ambition,
vigor, vitality wasting away ?
FAI L Cq
DOCTOR SWEANY
737 MARKET STREET
San Francisco, Cal.
Pot the speedy, safe and permanent cure of all
NERVOUS, CHRONIC andSPECIAL
Diseases of Men and Women.
Vllllllft If Ell Unnatural drains caused
IUUIIU in kill through errors of youth
or excesses, quickly and permanently stopped.
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
UfEAV HEM Organs of 'the body which
fVCJIn InElll hare be.en weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or indiscre-
tions are restored to full power, strength and vigor
through his new and original system of treatment
DUDTIIDE cured b >" his new method,
lilir I UnC without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and permanent cure.
UlQinnPCI C hydrocele, swelling and
f AnlyUlfCLCl tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. "
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
in any of its stages thoroughly eradicated from
the system. "- ■ » -
I A niEC witl receive special attention for all
LMUILO their many ailments.
CONSULTATION FREE '"-"-
WRITE if you cannot call. A valuable book
"Guide to Health," free. F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
717 Market St, op. Grant Ay., San Francisco. Cal.
tKtfl 1 Inches
IR FROM THE EYES
y&os IS THE NATURAL READING
vmw^ distance Nearer or further
I") ABNORMAL AND HEED} INSTIGATION
. CALL and SEE US
OPTICIANS T^tog*^/
-*^> 642 MARKET ST. «*.-
L ; ■";.-;-( Mder chronicle buildiHg.
[ when "un-yell," for pains, obstructions,
I and irregularities peculiar to the sex. -^ .
Recommended by the leading French
Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious
drugs. One bottle of Apioline Capsules
lasts three months. - Sold by all drug-gists,
or by mail, $1. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/»QO MARKET ST., OPP. ■ PALACB
! 000 Hotel. Telephone 670. Realdeno* KM
! Valencia street. Telephone. "Church" U.
AMUSEMENTS.
Y. M. C. A.JUDITORIUM.
Wednesday Evening.. March 16,
SECOND VIOLIN
RECITALj.
MARTEAU!
'-■■'. Accompanied by ' V---!v;;.V ---!v;;.
L/\CH/VU7VVE,
PIANIST.
AN ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME — -
Reserved Seats, $1 50. at the San Francisco
Music Store, 225 Sutler at .. ■
HI VMDIA Comer 'of M»»on and
ul, x mri a — Eddy Stre.t»... : .-. .
America's most beautiful music hall. Great-
est free bill in the world. ADAM - SISTERS,
balladlsts; MONTALAIS, soubrette; LESLIE,
vocalist;.- MARION, MianseusejMULLlN &
WARD, -novelty ; boxing; ARNELDO and .ten
I others. - House heated. • Admission free. '
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Take
A Good
Look
Note what a handsome bit of oddity It
is. A splendid addition to any parlor.
It's one of a grreat many different
shapes we have. In all woods and all
coverings — at particularly low prices —
the 750 Mission street prices, that are
never matched by any other store in
town. »
We have carpets and rugs,
too — there isn't a larger
stock of as good values in
San Francisco.
INDIANAPOLIS
FURNITURE
CO.
750 Mission St.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN J-HEATER.
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Madeline Lucette Ry ley's Latest Comedy Suc-
cess, The
MYSTERIOUS
MR. BUGLE.
Presented by JOSEPH HOLLAND and an ef-
ficient cast.
Prices— Lower floor, %\ 50 and $1; Balcony,
750 and 600.
COMING— ANNA HELD.
\jRIEDtANQ£fi GOTTIOB&C*U»»m»A«Mttn
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
PRIMROSE & WEST'S BIG
MINSTRELS.
I A HOST OF LEADING STARS!
A LONG LIST OF FEATURES!
NEXT MONDAY— Rice's "1492."
(JtIEQIANOEB OOTUOBaC'uMtft&niuiCß
A BIG HIT ALL 'ROUND!
The Production and the Low Prices Caught
th« Town! The Great Farce Comedy
Success,
TOWN TOPICS.
With the Celebrated
WORLD, KELLER AND MACK.
Prices — 25c and — No higher.
COMING— Marion Crawford.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, MAR. 14.
Will H. Fox, comedian-pianist; Bush & For-
rest, comedy sketch artists; Athas & Collins,
Australia's favorites; Mr. and Mrs. Tom Me-
Intosh. ebony fun; Jose Quintet, greatest vocal-
ists; Josephine Sabel, vivacious chant in-
troducing the great Human Music Sheet— so col-
ored vocalists; RudlnofT. fantastic delineator;
Webb & Hassan, hand acrobats; Smith & Cook,
dancing comedians.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Balcony, 10c. Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, BOc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Khzlino. Proprietor & Manager
LAST NIGHTS
Of th» Brilliant Japanese Musical Comedy,
"THE GEISHA!"
The Prettiest Production of the Year.
NEXT WEEK ; - -J -
The Most tjuaughable of Musical Comedies,
"THE VA/IDOVU O'BRIEN,"
SONG DANCE— HUMOR.
* POPULAR PRICES 25 AND 50 CENTS.
On account of unsatisfactory telephone serv-
ice no orders for Beats will be received here-
after. ■ .
ALCAZAR. seat ph™ c .
JJli^Wrl^ril\» MAIN 254.
PRICES ...ISc, 25 c i 35 c i 800
TO-NIGHT
Harrison Gray Fiske and Charles Klein's
Comedy Drama, . • ■ .'
THE DISTRICT ATTORNEY
A Political Story of To-day.
Next Week— "THE GIRL UP TO DATE."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE,
Walter Mcrosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Sims' & Buchanan's Great Irish Racing Drama,
"THE ENGLISH ROSE."
GRAND HOLIDAY MATINEE ST. PATRICE'S DAT.
Picturesque Irish Scenery. Jaunting Car.
Celtic Wit end Comedy. Ruins of Bally-
Veeney.
Evening prices, 10c, 25c. EOc. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. _^
■■■*&§&; SIX FREE LECTURES
f(mS\sB\ On Spirit, Soal Phrenology and Health,
WO& tf at METROPOLITAN TEMPLE on
Jj Fifth it.,' near Market, by
MRS. O. S. FOWLER,
Widow of the late Prof. 0. S. Fowlar, the Cele-
brated Phrenologist of New York.
Monday, -March 14. 8 p. m.— "Spirit, Soul and
Phrenology." . '
. Tuesday. March 15, 2:30 p. "The Mys-
i teries of Women,", ladies only.
Wednesday, March 16, T:3O p. m.— "Afflictions
of Women," ladies only. ' •■.- i
Friday, March IS, 8 p. m.— "Manhood; Its
I Virtues" and Faults," = gentlemen only. ,->,.--
Saturday, March 19, 8 p. m.— "Electricity;
! Its Application to Disease.''
Classes taught the application of electricity
I to cure disease, beginning March 22. Phre-
nological examinations daily from 9 a. m. till
9 p. m. until March 31, at the California Hotel,
on Bush St., near Kearny. .'.:.. ••
15,389 DELIGHTED PEOPLE
; .:, •.«; YESTERDAY VISITED THE
...2500,..
. IN THE CHUTES. ;
FINEST WILD ANIMALS IN CAPTIVITTt
ALSO CHIQUITA AND A BIG SHOW.
Including Captain Cardono's Group of Trained
Lions.
Feeding of the Carnivora at 5 and 10:30 p. m.
• Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11 p." m. •
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc. ; Children, sc.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting. ; 1897-98, : Beginning MONDAY.
■ March 7, to ; March 19, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
" THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
-RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at '13 m.
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30. 2:00,-2:30 and 3 p. m.,
connecting with train stopping at the entrance
to. track.-' .< Buy ■ your ferry ticket* to Shell
Mound. . Returning— Trains leave the -.track . at
4:15 and 4:45 p. m., and immediately after tea
last race. THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., Pn».
I R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
56
HEMMED IN BY
WALLS OF FIRE
Eleven Lives Lost in the
New York Tene
ment Blaze.
Occupants of Upper Floors Un
able to Escape to the
Street.
Scores of Those Who Reached the
Exiis Did Not Save Even
Theiif Clothing.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March 13.— A thorough
search of the premises at 105 Bowery,
which were partially destroyed by fire
at an early hour this morning, dis
closed the fact that eleven persons
were burned to death. At first it was
rumored that the loss o^ life was much
greater, but after searching the ruins
carefully, the police and firemen dis
covered eleven charred bodies and re
moved them to the Morgue.
No. 105 Bowery is one of the best
known lodging-houses on that thor
oughfare. It is called the Bowery Mis
sion Lodging-house, and it is conducted
by the Christian Herald. In the base
ment of the building there is a cheap
restaurant, while the ground floor is
used exclusively for mission purposes,
gospel services having been held there
daily for several years. The four up
per floors were fitted as a cheap lodg
ing-hcuse with accommodations for 150
males, who paid 10, 15 or 25 cents each,
according to the location of the rooms.
Last night almost every bed was oc
cupied. At 1:30 o'clock this morning
one of the lodgers discovered flames
coming from a washroom on the third
floor, but before he had time to alarm
the house the ure was noticed by pass
ersby on the street. By this time the
flames had eaten their way to the top
of the building and were bursting
through the roof. When the alarm was
given and the inmates aroused, wild
scene 3of excitement ensued. Many of
the lodgers became panic-stricken.
They rushed into the hall and fell over
each other in their efforts to reach the
streets. Those on the lower floors
got to the streets by the stair
ways, while those on the upper floors
groped their way through the blinding
smoke to the fire escape in front of the
building. A majority of them saved
portions of their clothing only, while
several of them were naked. Those
who made their way to the street by
the fire escape were superficially burn
ed by the excessive heat of the iron
ladders, which In many places had be
come redhot from the flames within.
In the meantime, three alarms of fire
had been sent in, and in a few minutes
the firemen were busy deiuging the
building with torrents of water. They
finally succeeded in keeping the fire
within the limits of the three upper
stories of the structure. A large detail
of police was quickly summoned to the
scene, in charge of Inspector Cross, and
the reserves were called from the down
town precincts. This force of officers
had difficult work to keep the vast
crowd in check, as well as to help the
unfortunate lodgers. Many naked and
injured were cared for by people in the
vicinity, and about fifty of them were
accommodated at the Eldridge police
station, some three blocks away. Sev
eral of the most destitute were brought
to the station house in patrol wagons,
and on their arrival they were partially
clothed by members of the fire depart
ment and kind-hearted neighbors.
After the fire had been extinguished
sufficiently that a search of the place
was possible, the firemen and police en
tered the building, and the work of
searching for the victims was begun.
Several bodies were found near the
windows of the two upper floors, w r here
they had been stricken down while at
tempting to make their way to the fire
escape. So many bodies were found in
the early stages of the Bearch that it
was estimated that over forty persons
must have been killed. , However, the
officers, fortunately, overestimated the
loss of life, and eleven in all were
found. Some of these were discovered
in the small rooms they had occupied,
while others were found In the hallways
and on the stairs of the fourth and
fifth floors. All of them were nude, and
most of them were burned and charred
beyond recognition.
It is thought by the police that only
one of these bodies will be eventually
identified. This one is designated as
No. 10. It was found in a room on the
fifth floor. In the same room there was
a satchel, and it is thought that its
contents may lead to the identification
of the body.
As soon as the bodies were carried to
the street they were transferred to the
police station, and by 4:30 this morn
ing the police relinquished their search.
Coroner Zuka, after looking at the bod
ies at the station, gave a permit for
their removal to the hospital. Mana
ger Sardensen of the Christian Herald,
who has been in charge of the mission
and lodging house, called at the Eld
ridge station later, and told the officer
in charge that he would bury the dead.
The loss on the building by fire is
about 57000, and the contents are dam
aged to the extent of $5000.' The loss is
covered by insurance. The building,
which belongs to the Chester estate, is
leased by the Bowery Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Annual Sales overe, 000,000 Boxes
FOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISOEDEES
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach,
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the Skin. Cold Chills. Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensationa.
THE FIEST DOSE WILL GIVE EELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAM'S PILLS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure Mick Headache* Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have the
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine in the TVorla,
26c. at all Drug Stores,
MANY WEEP AT
DOANE'S GRAVE
Popular Southern Pacific
Employe Buried at
Cypress Lawn.
Special Train Run by the Com
pany to Carry Mourn
ing Friends.
Officials of the Road Attend to Pay
Their Last Respects to
the Dead.
SpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
BELMONT, March 13.— An honor
rare in the annals of Pacific Coast rail
roading was to-day paid by the South
ern Pacific Company to the memory of
Samuel B. Doane, who died of pneu
monia on Thursday laat. The company
provided a special train, comprising a
baggage-car, funeral-car and three
first-class coaches, and placed it at the
disposal of the widow and friends of
the deceased. Although Mr. Doane held
a responsible position in the office of
the freight auditor, yet his rank was
merely that of a clerk. It was an
unique attest of the integrity and abil
ity with which he had served the com
pany for twenty years and a memora
ble mark of appreciation that the
special train should have been supplied.
The arrangements for the funeral were
under the direction of the immediate
superior of the deceased, C. J. Wilder,
who was evidently greatly grieved over
the loss of an old and valued friend and
employe.
The train left Third and Townsend
street station for San Carlos at 10 a.m.,
stopping en route at Valencia street,
San Mateo and Belmont. Then it ran
back to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, and
after the ceremonies conveyed the
mourners to their home in San Carlos,
whence it returned to the city. That
Mr. Doane's popularity was great was
borne out by the fact that the long
train was crowded to its fullest capac
ity. The home of the deceased was
filled to overflowing, and many tears of
sympathy for the bereaved widow were
shed.
Among the attendants were: L. Fill
more, manager of the Southern Pacific
Company; N. J. Foster, his assistant,
and Albert Worthington, his secretary.
H. E. Huntington was represented by
his secretary, Bert Worthington. Harry
Bull, chief clerk of motive power and
machinery, came down from Sacramen
to to be pall-bearer, bringing with him
many of Mr. Doane's former fellow
clerks. C. J. Wilder, freight auditor;
N. T. Smith, treasurer, and other offi
cials of the company were present.
Nearly all the clerks of Mr. Wilder's
office attended to show their respect
for a faithful fellow worker and a
Christian gentleman.
The floral offerings were numerous
and costly. The services were simple
and were conducted by the Rev. Mr.
Van Avery. A quartet rendered
"Nearer, My God, to Thee," at the spe
cial request of Mrs. Doane. besides
other selections. The body was tempo
rarily deposited in the mortuary at
Cypress Lawn, to be incinerated later.
TAKES LIFE IN
SELF-DEFENSE
Bartender Kills a Drunken
Man Who Assaults
Him.
His Victim, Harry F. Stephens, Well
Known to Oregon Min
ing Men.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. March 13. -The first
killing in the village of Cottage Grove
was committed last night. Harry F.
Stephens was stabbed to death by M. J.
Jones, a bartender. Stephens became In
toxicated, and went to the Bohemian sa
loon at 10 o'clock, and assaulted Jones,
the bartender. Jones got away from him,
and getting on the opposite side of the bil
liard table asked Stephens to go away
and leave him alone and asked for help
from some bystanders. Stephens rushed
at Jones and threw him down. Jones
drew his knife and stabbed Stephens two
or three times in the chest and once on
the top of his head. Stephens was hauled
off and carried home, and died at 2
o'clock this morning.
Stephens has been a habitual drunkard
for the last two years and was a very
dangerous man while drunk, havtng com
mitted previous acts of violence, He had
threatened to kill Jones because Jones re
fused him liquor time after time. Stephens
was a practical miner, having been super
intendent and foreman of a number of
mines in the Bohemia district. Hfe was
well known among mining men. He was
a reasonable and Intelligent man when
sober. He leaves a young widow and
baby daughter and parents in Canada.
SWEDEN WILL ACCEPT
THE WELLMAN OFFER.
Party of Swedes to Sail on the Laura
in Search of Andree. the Arctic
Explorer.
WASHINGTON, March 13.— The State
Department has received from the Gov
ernment of Sweden and Norway King
Oscar's conditional acceptance of the offer
made through the United States Govern
ment by Walter B. Wellman to carry free
of charge on his north polar expedition
steamer Laura, which is to sail from
Tromso, Norway, ' June 20, a party of
Swedes to search for their countryman,
Professor Andree, in Franz Josef Land. -
"The Government of the King does not
expect to send a search expedition," says
the Minister of Foreign Affairs at Stock
holm, "but if no news of Andree is received
by July, gratitude will be felt if Mr. "Well
man will permit several persons I familiar
with the Arctic regions to accompany his
expedition for that purpose. The Govern
ment of the King has learned with deep
gratitude the courteous and generous
offer made by Mr. Wellman."
m
CABBIES MANY ABGONAUTS.
Steamship Sails for Alaska With
Six Hundred Passengers.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 13.— The
steamship Ning Chow sailed to-day for
Alaska with 600 passengers and 1000 tons
of freight. Among her passengers were
twenty-one members of the mounted po
lice, ninety Australians and Hon. Alex
ander Boyle, brother of the Earl of
Glasgow, with a party of "swell" En
glishmen. This is the Ning Chow's first
voyage to Alaska.
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper.
Headache Quickly Cured.
Dr. Davis' Anti-Headache never rails. 25c,»
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY", MARCH 14, 1898.
WHAT WAS SAID IN THE CHURCHES.
PAULISTS END THEIR MISSION.
The double mission which has been in
progress for the past two weeks at St.
Mary's Church under the direction of the
Paulist community, for the instruction of
Catholics and non-Catholics, was brought
to a close last evening by Father Younan.
It has been one of the most successful
missions that has ever been held in the
city and the attendance at all times was
unusually large.
Its success is mainly due to the efforts
of Father Younan and the other priests
directly interested in the noble work of
redeeming souls on the high road to per
dition and bringing the Catholic mind
generally nearer to God during the holy
time of Lent. The final address was on
the subject of He Is the Redeemer and
the Shepherd of All Mankind," and was
delivered by Father Younan.
"The sheep of this fold" (the Catholic
church), said the preacher, "enjoy a com
munion with God and receive the sacra
ment of his body and blood, being both
externally and internally united to him
through their living membership in the
living church. At the same time there
are other souls that are trying to follow
him as best they can with only a partial
knowledge of his great love, and there
are still others who refuse through their
infidelity to listen to his kind words of in
vitation. Those who are separated from
God are wholly unconscious of that life
of peace and happiness which he alone
is able to impart to them through the
ministry of his disciples (the priests of
the Catholic church) who act as in
structors and interpreters of his teach
ings.
"There ia no one. no matter how far
he has strayed away from the church or
how deeply he may be immersed in sin,
whom he will not gladly receive If they
will only hear his voice and obey his com
mands."
A class of inquiry for non-Catholics will
begin this evening at 8 o'clock in the
lower chape! of the church. An invita
tion is extended to all Catholics to bring
their non-Catholic friends with them to
this class, which will be held every even
ing until Palm Sunday.
During holy week Father Younan will
preach a course of sermons on the Pas
sion, suitable to both Catholics and non-
Catholics, and will close his work at St.
Mary's Church at the solemn mass on
Easter Sunday morning.
PROTESTS AGAINST "BOSSISM."
Judge A. W. Thompson delivered an ad
dress last nig-ht at the Second Unitarian
Church before a large congregation
against "Bossism," as applied to the
municipal government of San Francisco.
During the course of his remarks he
Illustrated tnat bossism was the result of
partisanship, and that its total eradica
tion could never be until partisanship
was eradicated. He declared that San
Francisco in common with many other
large cities, was suffering at Present
from rotten civic government, and that
the men in office represented not him or
nis iudience. but that they were there *°
fatten off of the taxes that the public
ntldfn to the treasury. He further stated
thlt the bosses were the go-betweens,
who carried the bribe of the corporation
To the public official. This they were en
ABDUCTED IN
BROAD DAY
The Police Searching for
a Pretty Chinese
Girl.
Kidnaped by Two Highbinders
and a Well - Dressed
White Man.
Statement of » Hack-Driver Who
Drove Them to the
Depot.
The whereabouts of the Chinese girl
who was kidnaped Saturday afternoon
still puzzles the police. Last night a
hackdriver named Charles Wingus vis
ited police headquarters and made the
following statement:
"I was driving along Market street
Saturday afternoon about 5 o'clock,
and when near Eighth street I was ac
costed by a well dressed young man,
who asked me if I wanted to make a
few dollars. I replied in the affirma
tive, whereupon he told me to wait a
few minutes. He returned in a short
time, accompanied by a pretty Chinese
girl and two Chinese. The girl was
heavily veiled, and as she hesitated
about enteiing the hack I heard the
white man say to one of her escorts,
'Break her face; do anything to keep
her quiet.'
"She was then forced into the hack
and the white man and his Chinese
companions immediately followed her.
I The white man then instructed me to
drive to Valencia and Twenty-fifth
streets, as he was anxious to catch the
5:30 o'clock train to San Jose. After ar
riving at the depot I was given my fare
and told to keep my mouth shut."
In explanation of the remark, the
white escort of the party said he was
a. deputy sheriff from San Jose, and
that the Chinese were his prisoners. He
did not want the authorities of this city
to know that he had stolen a march on
them, and for that reason he asked
Wingus not to "open his mouth" about
the capture.
The hack-driver further stated that
the party left the carriage without pur
chasing tickets. The woman was close
ly guarded by her captors, who seemed
to have absolute control over her. Aft
er leaving the hack she was hustled
into the train just as it was about to
pull out.
Wingus describes the young man as
being about 24 years of age, smooth
shaven and rather fashionably dressed.
The Chinamen were stout, and would
have passed for prosperous merchants.
Their cUptive, he says, was young and
pretty.
Immediately after obtaining Wingus'
statement Chief Lees wired the San
Jose police to be on the lookout for the
woman and her abductors. Recently
at least a half-dozen Chinese women
have been kidnaped and sent out of the
city. The Chinese Consul admits that
a number of highbinders have associ
ated themselves together for the pur
pose of abducting young women, and
he has offered a large reward for their
ariest and conviction.
Shattered Blue Rock Pigeons.
ALAMEDA, March 13.— The Empire
Gun Club held its first shoot of the sea
son to-day at its grounds at Alameda
Point. The cold and windy weather in
terfered with the sport to some extent,
but some good scores were made. These
matches are to be held on the second
Sunday in the month from to-day until
September 13 inclusive.
The first match was a classification re
entry contest for $20, divided into four
classes— 2o or over in first •class; 17 to 19
second class; 14 to 16 third class; below
14 fourth class.
The score was as follows: Edwards 18,
Klevesahl 17, Zeiner 20, Sears 21, Sinkwitz
16, Hazard 18, King 19, Beten 12, Ricklef
sen IS, Jervette Sr. 15, Aadrus 14, Grubb
abled to do because they knew their men,
for they had had them elected to steal
for them. He said that the primaries and
general elections were controlled by the
bosses, who managed with the skill of a
general the army of toughs that they had
operating under them.
"LOVE AND ACTION" THE TOPIC.
Last evening Rev. W. E. Dugan deliv
ered an interesting sermon on "Love and
Action" at the Stewart Memorial Pres
byterian Church, Guerrero and Twenty
second streets. In part he said: "Peter
and other disciples had been fishing all
night and had taken nothing. Christ by
his direction brought them to a spot
where their net was filled. Christ was
standing on the shore all this time, but
they know him not. As soon as their net
was filled with fish Jiiin knew him by the
intuition of love. That intuition told him
that such a catch of fish came from the
Lord. Love gives us a greater power of
discernment than any other quality of
mind or life. Love Is not blind, but sees
virtue where those who have not love see
only defect. True love must be distin
guished from physical and mental mag
netism."
FRIENDS HOLD SERVICE.
At the Third Congregational Church
last night the Society of San Francisco
Friends conducted religious sevices. They
were led by Mrs. Eliza Varney of Bloom
field, Canada. The ceremonies were in
itiated, however, by Rev. William Rader.
"There is but one father of us all," said
Mrs. Varney, "and all of us are friends.
You should not choose your own way, but
yield your hearts to the living God. God's
Judgment is sure, and the work of grace
must go on in the short space that spans
the distance from the cradle to the
grave. True repentance must come and
all must live for Christ. We are the
blood-bought children of the living God,
and our sins must be forgiven before we
can enter the eternal city."
THE CALVARIAN SOCIETY.
The third Sunday of Lent was solemnly
observed by the Ca.varian Society at the
Cathedral yesterday afternoon, and the
regular religious exercises observed.
Father Ramm delivered an eloquent ser
mon before the assembled members tak
ing as his text "God, silence— and he an
swered him nothing"
The stations of the erosfe were said by
Father E. P. Dempsey; singing of the
"Stabat Mater" by the congregation, and
the solemnization of benediction by
Father Ramm.
DR. LOCKE ON "DON'T WORRY.',
The Central Methodist Church on
Mission street was crowded to the doors
with standing room only on the outside
at the eveninig service yesterday. Rev,
Dr. Locke lectured on the subject of
"Don't Worry." drawing his conclusions
from the many sermons of Christ on this
subject.
"Sufficient for the day is the evil there
of was used to prove how disadvan
tageous it is to worry and fret about
things that may never occur
Depend on Christ was the very best
medicine for those who are all the time
9, Johnson 15, Pump 13, Fisher 20, Shaw
IS, Kerrison 21, Debenham 17, Colestock 1,
Balrd 9, Lockwood 12, Jervette Jr. 3,
Treble 9, Young 11, Lambert 9, Shields 8.
Wetmore 20, De Witt 2, Murray 10, La
mont 10, Heuer 19. Sears was first in first
class, taking $8; King first in second
class, taking $6; Kerrison first In third
class, taking $4; Pump first in fourth
class taking $2.
The next match was for the club cham
pionship medal, the winner to carry the
medal from month to month, and to be
finally won by the man making the great
est number of breaks during the season.
The score was: Ricklefsen 20, King 18,
Lockwood 9, Treble 9, Fisher 18. Jervette
Sr. 10, Edwards 20, Shaw 14, Klevesahl 20
Sinkwitz 18. Shi.-! Is 14, Zeiner 19, Andrews
17. Sears 22. He :er 8, Kramer 4. Sears
was highest and he was awarded the
medal.
The concluding match was for the
clubs high ay- rage medal, winners of the
campionship medal barred. The score
was: Lock wood S, King 15, Shaw 14,
Klevesahl 16. Edwards 13, Kerrison 17.
Andrews 13, Shields 9, Sears 16, Kramer
6. Kerrison was the winner.
BACING AT OAKLAND.
Large Fields and a Fair Class of
Horses Starting in the Different
Events.
The fields are again large at Oakland
this afternoon, affording an excellent
| chance for the handlcappers to single out
"long ones" in the betting.
The entries are as follows:
First Race— Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds.
723 Baracan 103 . 325 Morana 97
717 Bow & Arrow.. lo7 720 Gotobed ... 110
610 Donator 110 (723)Moringa 107
705 Elsmore 107 727 Watomba .... 105
409 Don Luis 103 727 M. Burnham ..110
721 Sadie Schwartz. 97 727 Highland 8a11.. .114
722 Kuramel 97 716 St. Angeio 99
727 Magnus 107 708 Klidad 107
215 Charles L* Bel.. 99 710 Olenn Anne ... 97
710 Mordecai 106 728 Prince Blazes.. .llo
717 Town Topics ..109 705 Brambella 105
Second — Four furlongs: two-year-olds.
724 Racivan 99 718 Phrylalls 99
(478) Bane 105 718 E. Come 108
724 Mossbrae 102 718 Formero 112
6t>3 Rainier 93 (518)Olinthus 108
... Midia 99 642 La Juanlta .... 99
... Watossa 102
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
729 Nervoso 113 715 Tulare .....11l
£20 McFarlane 113 706 Miss Ruth 11l
682 Metalre 113 686 Jay Wheeler ..109
32. Terra Archer.. .ll3 725 Stentor 109
637 Card we! I 116 693 Veragua 113
61/ § co ; Palmer ...109 661 Allahabad 113
l\i Earl Cochran ..113 617 Outgo 113
61, P on , Danle I ....113 241 Navy Blue 113
'"Lucky Star -109 ?25 William 0'8....U6
617 Pollock 113
Fourth Race— One and an eighth miles; three
year-olds and upward.
'i°.i>'5 lorlan • 961 702 Scarborough ....103
( Ivl ) §, carf Pin ...... 98 731 Ostler Joe ......117
(02 Mercutio 103, 702 Senator 81and. .107
upw^V^S* fUrlOngß: three -> «-° and
727 Prompto 101 ' 707 Refugee .........112
700 Dr. Marks .. 98 (712) Chihuahua 98
725 Odd son 101 ISB Mandolena 110
(733)Bellicoso ' 115 689 Masoero 112
733 R. Q. Han 116 344 Outlay 101
721 Caliente ... 115 374 Free Lady ....102
733 Sly 107
Sixth Race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
(561) Alma .. ; 105 721 Lone Princess ..105
640 Cromwell .. 113 720 Olive ....; 108
717 Twinkle Twlnk.los 752 Walter J 113
729 Sutton 110 729 Pat Murphy ..110
729 La Mascota ...108 (520) Meadow Lark.. llo
729 Howard 110 715 Paul Pry ......113
704 Sardou  110 733 Mamie Scot ...108
726 Cabrillo .... 113 725 Benamela ......113
693 Don Fjilano ".'.'. 113 '
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
-First — Elsmore, Baracan, Town Topics.
Second Race— B. & W. stable, E. Come,
Rainier.
Third Race— Tulare, Outgo, Veragua.
Fourth Race— Senator Bland, Ostler Joe,
Glorian.
Fifth Chihuahua, Belllcoso, Refugee. '
Sixth race — Cabrillo, . Cromwell, Don Fulano.
OLYMPIC WHEELMEN'S RACE.
Crafts Beat Edwards at Vallejo and
Downing Won the Mile
Handicap.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen held a 10
mile handicap road race over the San
Leandro-Haywards course yesterday
morning. The high wind blowing pre
vented any record breaking, nevertheless
the times made were very fast as the fol
lowing table will show:
;t riding
time.
ey
r ..;.
siey ..'."I!!!!!!!!
less '.".'.*.'.".".'.";!!!!!...
Ie y///.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'...'.'.'.'..
:10
Scratch.
Scratch.
:45
Scratch.
Scratch.
:45
1:30
27:54
2S-.01
23:01 1-5
29:03
23:42
23:44 3-5
30:50 4-5
31:01 4-5
The race meet at Vallejo yesterday was
not very well attended, most of those ex
pected being obliged to work in the navy
yard at Mare Island. Bert Crafts de
feated John E. Edwards with apparent i
ease in a 10-mile match, paced. Time,
12:34. McCauley and Bruce had a mile
race for the local cbampionemP wnlcn tne
fretting and fuming aboflrt "what may oc
cur." God, who looks after all things, will
look after man if he but rests his trust in
him. Martha and Elijah were of the wor
rying kind, and in both of theae cases
divine words were spoken to them not to
worry. Christ had set so many examples
to those who worried not to do so that
l hnstians of to-day should take exam
ple.
GRATITUDE TO ST. PATRICK.
The life, work and devout spirit of St.
Patrick was the theme of the address
given by Rev. F. B. Cherington at the
Plymouth Congregational Church yester
day. In his remarks the speaker said:
As a sample of the devout spirit of St.
Patrick we take two stanzas out of the
hymn-prayer he wrote as he was about
to undertake the work of converting the
chieftain, Loegaire. It is one of the few
writings that scholars agree have come
to us from his pen. It is regarded in its
original form as one of the oldest and
best specimens of the ancient Irish
Keltic language. It is yet fondly cher
ished by tne peasantry of some parts of
Ireland and is by them most reverently
repeated on certain occasions. I quote
the fifth and eighth stanzas:
I bind to myself this day
Th* power of God to guide me
The might of God to uphold me.
The wisdom of God to teach me.
The eye of God to watch over me,
The ear of God to hear me.
The word of God to give me speech.
The way of God to go before me
The shield of God to shelter me.
The host of God to defend me
Christ with me. Christ before me,
Christ behind me. Christ within me,
Christ beneath me. Christ above me,
Christ at my right, Christ at my left.
Christ in the home while I tarry therein,
Christ in the chariot seat as I Journey,
Christ on the deck as I sail on the sea,
Christ In every heart that tiilnks of me.
Christ in every mouth that speaks to me,
Christ in every eye that sees me,
Christ In every ear that hears me.
"With such ardent faith and devout
spirit he went to the task of winning
from heathenism to Christ the wild chief
tain of the island clans. Who can wonder
that he succeeded? In this same spirit
this manly man and genuine saint
wrought through all his long life as apos
tle to the Irish. He found his people torn
into petty warring tribes, destroying each
other by their fierce dissensions. He so
unified them with noble purposes that
their splendid qualities as a people have
been preserved, developed, and made to
enrich the world in ways unnumbered.
Not the Irish alone, but all the world
owes to St. Patrick a debt of gratitude.
'IS THE WORLD GROWING WORSE ?"
Last evening at the Hamilton Square
Baptist Church, Steiner and Post streets.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins delivered an address
on "Is the World Growing Worse?" In
part he said: "It is shown that within
the last few years, comparatively speak
ing, religion has received more earnest
attention from the civilized nations of
the world than can hardly be realized by
those who have not looked into the mat
ter. Without doubt there is much going
on in the world which is both criminal
and ungodlike, but where a nation fears
God and at the same time has respect for
religious teachings it will in the course of
time bring about that state of affairs by
which the world will be populated with
religious followers and law respecters."
former won. The mile handicap was won
by Hardy Downing of San Jose; C. J.
Birdsall, California Club, second. Time,
2:16. The starters were: Downing,
scratch; J. E. Edwards, 20 yards; G. H.
Crafts, 35; C. J. Birdsall, 50; A. Theisen
and C. A. Kraft, 65; J. S. Brereton, 80;
George E. Dixon and Otto Rudolph, 100.
The only ball game of the Cycle League
yesterday was between the Olympic
Cyclers and the Turn Verein Club of San
Jose at the Velodrome and was won by the
Olympics. Score, 9 to 2. Batteries— Turn
Verein, Skelly and Rickabaugh; Olym
pics. Head and Boyle.
The Bay City Wheelmen held a big run
to South San Francisco yesterday. Next
Sunday there will be a five-mile match
road race between eight of the club's
fastest riders: L. R. Cofer, N. C. Babin.
C. W. Schilling, Arthur F. Lundberg,
Walter McDonald. R. P. Phillips, J. M.
Salazar and Mr. Bangs.
Snatched His Friend's Money.
William Gordon, a teamster, was ar
rested last night and charged with petty
larceny. Gordon engaged in a game of
draw poker with a friend named Daniel
McHenry in a saloon on Eighth street,
and as he was rapidly losing his "pile" he
grabbed a $10 gold piece from his oppo
nent and ran from the saloon. He was
pursued by McHenry and several friends
and caught after a short chase. Gordon
was subsequently turned over to a po
liceman ajid locked up in the City Prison.
\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
AIDED BY MES. PINKHAM.
0 ■ '
Mrs. W. E. Paxto^, Youngtown,
North Dakota, writes about her strug-
gle to regain health after the birth of
her little girl:
" Dear Mrs. Peskham: — It is with
pleasure that I add my testimony to
your list, hoping that it may induce
others to avail themselves of your val-
uable medicine.
"After the birth of my little girl,
'■ three years ago, my health was very
, poor. I had leucorrhoea badly, and a
terrible bearing-down pain which
gradually grew worse, until I could do
no work. Also had headache nearly
all the time, and dizzy feelings. Men-
struations were very profuse, appear-
ing every two weeks.
" I took medicine from a good doctor,
but it seemed to do no good. I was
becoming alarmed over my condition,
when I read your advertisement in a
paper. I sent, at once for a bottle of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
ponnd, and after taking two-thirds of
the bottle I x felt so much better that^J
send for two more. After using three
bottles I felt as strong and well as any
one. j
" I think it is the best medicine for
female weakness ever advertised, and
recommend it to every lady I meet Buf-
fering from this trouble." (
Maternity is a wonderful experience
and many women approach it wholly
unprepared. Childbirth under right
conditions need not terrify women.
The advice of Mrs. Pinkham is freely
offered to all expectant mothers, and
her advice is beyond question the most
valuable to be obtained. If Mrs. Pax-
ton had written to Mrs. Pinkham be-
fore confinement she would have been
saved much suffering. Mrs. Pinkham's
address is Lynn, Mass.
Q vi.it DR. JORDAN'S Great
Jim Museum of Anatomy
iiwi'L ;ce: ST. bet 7th, S. ?. Oil.
a % W The Largest of iM kind in World.
tjaal DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I yfvvj/ fik ■ Consultation free. ITrlta for Book
W I Kf Philosophy of Marriage.
h U MAILED FKtt. ' .
way 's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruise's
Bore Muscles. ! Cramps, I Burns, Sunburns,* Back-
ache, | Headache. Toothache, Rheumatism,' Neu-
ralgia, : Lumbago. Internally ' for '■ all ■ ■ Bowel
Pains, Colic, ■•• Diarrhoea. Dysentery, - Cholera
5 Morbus and Sickness, . Nausea, - etc • All dnif
Hits. ■-:■■'• .V " ■;' ■ ' ■,-:::■
IS NOT AFRAID
OF BURGLARS
Attempt Made to Rob the
Residence of Mrs.
Silverstone.
She Armed Herself With a
Revolver and Awaited
Developments.
Arrival of the Police Patrol Wagon
Scared the Burglars and
They Escaped.
A bold attempt of two men to rob the
residence of Mrs. Silverstone, 1714 Geary
street, on Friday night was frustrated by
the presence of mind and coolness of the
old lady.
She was in the house alone, the rest of
the family having gone out, which was
an unusual occurrence. About 8 o'clock
some one rang the doorbell, and not ex
pecting any visitors she went to the front
window and peered out. She saw a man
standing on the porch who was a strang
er to her, and she thought she would
watch for developments. The bell rang
again, but she kept quiet and then she
saw the man pull something out of his
pocket and try to force the door open.
Believing that the man was a burglar
she went to her room and got a revolver.
Returning to the parlor she rang up the
telephone and notified the Central Police
Station that burglars were trying to
break into her house. The burglar was
evidently scared by the noise and jumped
from the porch to the front garden and
crouched down beside the front steps,
where the marks of his feet can be plain
ly seen. '
Mrs. Silverstone kept on guard with the
revolver in her hand and in a few min
utes the patrol wagon from the Central
Station came dashing up to the door. The
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 SSSS 82888888828888 888888828882 S3 S3 8882 8888828888828288828888 8888 88 £2 S3
' a _ -, fl _ 88
I CITY OF Mm PARIS J
*-■ GRAND OPENING. I
I HIGH-GRADE NOVELTIES i
R • 88
88 ~ IN 2S
1 COLORED DRESS GOODS! \
*3 SS
88 — 88
S . MONDAY . March 14, we will 28
88 • • . iTlv -' lll -'-^ v 1 » Place on sale the most 3
MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION g
88 Of all the very latest CREATIONS IN COLORED DRESS MATERIALS 55
88 In the most exquisite : colorings ever shown on this coast, including 2«
88 A large variety of new and beautiful effects in * 3
I PARIS GRENADINES, «
I 88 SUCH AS... .» »i
§ BAYADERE RIBBON, <5
£ PLAID BAREGE, ?§
88 GRADUATED STRIFES, 88
88 Etc. Etc. Etc. 88
o* ' en
*° AT CO An immense assortment of zz
SJ * • • nLrOU NEW WEAVES in «8
1 TAILOR SUITINGS, I
88 co«sfST//vc 0p... 28
88 ■ ENGLISH TWEEDS, S
~ CO VERT WHIPCORDS, 85
§ DRAP de SATIN, 88
88 SATIN VENETIAN, 8?
88 ENGLISH WORSTEDS, 88
88 REDPERN SUITING, 28
1281 28 Etc. Etc. Etc. 28
i 88 ■ • - 88
«' SEE DISPLAY IN SHOW WINDOWS. S
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 5
88 SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. ** ■
88 UNION SQUARE. fl
8888888288888888888888 8* SS ?S S3 ?S ?S §888 85 S3 S3 S3 S3 SS 22 22 Si S3 !S S3 S5
, , .
An insurance and collection agent in Otsego County,
New York, constantly recommends Ripans Tabules to every-
body whom he suspects of suffering from dyspepsia, and takes
pleasure in relating his own experience, as follows : " I have ;
been a sufferer from dyspepsia for a dozen years or more, and
have tried all kinds of medicines that were said to be good (or a
positive cure), but none of them afforded much relief. I have
always been blessed with a keen appetite and have, perhaps, in-
dulged too heartily at times and suffered accordingly. Last
winter while traveling through an adjoining, county Tl first £)
learned of Ripans Tabules, and was induced by a friend to try
them. They have done me a . great deal of good, and I think
that I have fair promise of a permanent cure. If I would b«
regular about my meals now* I am sure I should be welL" '
burglar had a confederate in the front
garden of the house next door, and Mrs.
Silverstone savr him throw a piece of
paper to the other one, which was evli
dently a signal for him to get out as th«
patrol wagon was coming. When tn«
patrol wagon arrived the burglars had,
of course, made their escape. Mrs. fell*
verstone is satisfied that the burglar* -
knew that the other members of the fam*
ily had gone; in fact, she is sure tha#
they thought the house was deserted. Sh«
was in the rear, where the light from her
room could not be seen from the street.
"If the burglar had made his way into
the house, " said Mrs. Silverstone, yester
day, "I most certainly would have shot
him. I am not at all scared of firearms,
and as soon as I felt sure that the man
was a burglar I got the revolver and
waited for him. I was quite cool and did
not make any noise beyond calling up the
police station. The nurse girl happened
to come home before the patrol wagon -
arrived and she saw the man crouched
beside the steps. She told me when she
came in and I warned her not to make a
noise as the patrol wagon was coming.
"If the patrol wagon had stopped at tha
corner of the street instead of driving up
to the door I am sure the policemen
would have captured the burglars, and I
think it was a stupid thing for them to
do."
Several burglaries on Post street in the
rear of Mrs. Silverstone's residence have
occurrred recently, but so far no arresta
have been made.
Gossip of the Valley Road.
TVork is steadily progressing on thm
Valley Road and the tracks have been
laid over nearly the entire 235 miles from
Stockton to Bakersfleld. only about ten
miles at the latter end remaining uncom
pleted. It is expected that the laborers
will have reached Kern River at the ex
piration of next week and the preliminary
work on the bridge to span that stream
has already commenced with the driving:
of piles for the foundation. It will taka
from four to six weeks to complete the
structure, which is expected to cost in
the neighborhood of $20,000. Th^re will
be four spans to the bridge of seventy
five feet each, with long trestle ap
proaches from either end. The graders
on the road are now working inside tha
town limits of Bakersfield, and when fin
ished at that place they will be put to
work between Visalia and the present
line.
The surveys from Stockton to San
Francisco have not yet been entirely com
pleted, but it has been definitely deter
mined to cross the tules from Stockton
west. The line of road has been finally
decided on and the final surveys to the
west of the tules and Pacheco Landing
and to the east of Martinez have been
completed. The bonds for the Franklin
tunnel work have not been completed aa
yet as they had to be sent East for tha
signatures of some of the members ot
the contracting firm and have not yet
been returned.ALAMEDA CAN
ACT FOR ITSELF
i
Democratic Influence at
Work for Sinister
Motives.
Municipal League Will Be to
the Front Again Next,
Year.
Speculation as to the Reception
From the Voters to Mr.
Heitmann.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• - Broadway, March 13.
Whenever San Francisco's Democratic
influence is used in the interest of Repub
lican politics In Alatneda County it is
time to be suspicious. Fortunately for
the people on this side of the bay they
have been so well educated In the trick
ery of professional politics that they are
quick to discern. They do not need to be
told that there cannot possibly be any
honest effort made in a Democratic camp
to further the cause of Republicanism.
Xo matter how plausible the exterior, or
how covert the motive, the only object of
such olnrusiveness can only be to try
and disrupt the local party for the pur
pose of strengthening the camp of its po
litical enemy.
Just at this time much influence from
across the bay already pledged to Ma
guire has undertaken to assume to guide
as far as possible the contest now going
on here for the Republican nomination
for Governor. Nearly everybody in Ala
meda County believes that one of its two
VOTERS GOT THEIR DESEKTS.
Rev. Dr. Coyle Places the Blame for the Recent
Disgraceful Cause for Riots in Oakland.
OAKLAND, March 13.— the First Presbyterian Church to-day
Rev Dr R. F. Coyle alluded thus to the current municipal scandals:
"We need more conscience in our social relations, more conscience
as members of society. We have witnessed some very shameful things
in this city recently. They would have been bad enough and disgrace
ful enough in a frontier town on the wide edge of civilization, but in
Oakland with its schools and churches and culture it is reproachful
beyond expression that such scenes could ever have occurred. The stig
ma of It all has been fixed upon those in the front, fixed so surely that
they will have to hear it. and it is well. But what about those in the
rear?— about the voters who put these men in office? We. the peo
ple put them there. We did it with our eyes open, and, behold, we be
come indignant and almost riotous over the fruits of our own work.
The responsibility for the events of the past few weeks which have so
outraged this community rests principally upon those who did not have
conscience enough toward the city to make a righteous use of the bal
lot.
"In the sight of God the stigma of our municipal misrule rests upon
ourselves. We have the power to prevent such betrayals of public trust
and such humiliating exhibitions of disorder, but what we lack is the
moral sense to make it operative."
.. _. ._. *^ jr%. *>k #■* jf*. f% &S
candidates will be the next Governor.
They believe that at the primaries the
contest will end, and that a delegation
reasorably solid -Will go to Sacramento.
But it is a Judas typo of friendship to
ft b ~nan on t!-e back when by so doing
a suspicion is cast on the acquaintance
ship. Dr. Panlee and his friends are
fully capable of making a campaign in
Alameda County, and the same is true of
Mr. Davis and" his followers. Neither
should want any help outride and neither
can ultimately profit by it. Although the
State as a whole, seems to concede that
thia county deserves a reward from the
party, it is not to be expected that every
ambitious politician elsewhere is going
to yield to Alameda's candidate if he can
secure the honor himself. If the contest
to the primaries there will be a di-
I believe there are more Repub
licans in this county to-day than ever
before, and it is easy to perceive that if
the opposite camp can create enough sus
picion to brir.s about a bolt and scatter
the party it will advantage itself.
No Alameda. Republican can afford at
present to be cajoled by pie-crust Demo
cratic promises, for this is a condition
that concerns the party far more than
the individual. t
Last night Major Woodward, late of
the Army and Navy Republican League,
made a short speech. A column would
not suffice tr> explain it, but its absurdity
can be demonstrated in a paragraph. The
now well-known Councilman Bam: 1
have made a thorough comparison of the
rates of this ordinance with the rates in
the old ordinance, and from my thorough
investigation I am convinced this ordi
nance is in favor of the poor man. The
r.ew ordinance takes about 50 per cent
more out of the poor man's pocket: adds
to his taxes if he pay any; adds a charge
for his little flower garden and for his
horse and if he aspire to have a bath in
his house ho is again taxed; but more ri
diculous and consequently more unjußt,
there is a special charge for the water
closet. Mr. Woodward certainly does not
expect any one to believe what he said
except in one sense— that he is "the poor
man" to whom he referred. With this
reservation, the "in favor" part is very
plain.
The inevitable result of the present
municipal scandal will be a strong reform
movement prior to the next city election.
Five years ago it was found to be neces
sary to break away from party lines in
municipal government and the Municipal
League was formed. Headed by Dr. Par
dee, it swept all before it and for four
years Oakland had a pretty good govern
ment. At the end of that time a major
ity of the members had forsaken their
first love and public confidence in them
was abated and the time was ripe for the
early stages of the scheme that has just
culminated in delivering the city over to
the water companies. Lnder the Davle
administration the reform movement fell
t °Wlfe C n S Mayor Thomas retires there will
be a splendid opportunity to revive the
league and it will certainly be grasped.
Councilman "Billy" Heitmann is a gen
ius and if he ever finds it necessary to
earn a living by the sweat of his brow
it will not be because of a scarcity of
wits When he first came before the pub
lic as a councilman he at once started out
to make a record. It was not. perhaps,
the best kind of a record, but he was hon
est in letting everybody know where he
Btood, in which particular he differed ma
terially from a few of the "reformers
In time Mr. Heitmann became identified
with '^olid sixes" and "solid sevens " and
g- wallv he was solid with all good
course it would be the political ■ death of
Hr'tmann He would be snowed under
and frozen into obscurity. But : he wasr. it.
Heitmann is not of the -stuff that f reezes
He was converted. He Wt a little cUUy
for a time, but he didn't collapse. He
creDt under Dr. I'ardee's skirts and
showed much penitence. He went along
under the new banner, and if the reform
ers did not actually take him into their
band wagon they took care that the
music was not loud enough to do him any
cr The ichVnfe' worked like a charm, and
William was elec:<»d to succeed himself.
He was a good boy for two years—there
was nothing to be gained by not being—
and had acquired such a role of purity
that he was returned when the second
reform Council took office three years
sgo. During those four years V\ imam
Was doing what Alameda politicians call
"the rabbit act." He wus in a hole a»U
had to lie low waiting for the chance to
jump. The chance came a year ago ana
William jumped. During the past month
ho has appeared in his old time war
paint, and tne halo and white robe are
missing. He has been the parliamenta
rian on the floor of the Council for the
water companies, and has served them
loyally and actively. He did not preface
his recent acts, however, with any homilj
on his own sanctity, but had sense
enough to be silent except when he want
ed to serve his friends. _-.*«
And it is champagne to Sacramento
drinking water that William will be again
found under the umbrella next spring
where none of the rain will reach him.
STUART \V. BOOTH.
A DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Subjects of Ministers and Pastors in
the Various Pulpits Yesterday.
OAKLAND, March 13.-Mrs. S. L. Bald
win, who returned from China the past
week with her husband after attending
the Golden Jubilee of Methodist Miss
there, spoke to a large audience to-night
in the Eighth Avenue M. E. a Churchy Keu
Shu L rch Bal spoke in the Urst m.- S
Emission fields forty years ago and of
the minion Bttto '■■">', y 'i"" •*» The'
how the br.ok had preceded the latter
Rev John M French portrayed "The
FaUnftil Premises" to an Interested^ud!
?e nn r CC i cante an t^ S hu m rcn nln fo^ni^ hWe£"w£
"The Conversion of a Business Woman. 1 '
fAiv-H-i i; M. Martin who recently
ren ed from Texas, occupied Rev T D.
Sri 1 pulpit at the First Christian
Church to-rlSht He expects to return
south C R. Brown began a series of ser
mons to-night on "The Travels of St.
Paul" and told of his own recent trip
over the -same sround. In the series he
wifi described his visits to Damascus.
Smyrna f. Ephesus. Athens, Corinth, Rome
a R d ev th v r "MaT SS t han Law delivered anoth
er address upon "The Vagaries and Inci
dents of the Healing Power' this morn
ing. Vl rig the third of a series upon the
«1# E t -,& Twenty-third
mdc from which he taught his congre
gation some impressive lessons.
Their Debt Raised.
OAKT AND March 13.— The committee
omiolnted last week to raise the balance
tt n m. ,nov needed to pay the Indebted
ness of the Tenth Avenue Baptist Church
reported that they had secured additional
contributions to raise me auiuum jjicujjcu i
last Sunday, $4210, to $4490, and that with
the members yet to be visited they would j
not only' secure the full amount needed i
for indebtedness, but sufficient more j
to paint the exterior of the building. '
New Journalistic Venture.
. OAKLAND. March 13.— The Ladies' Re
lief Society will issue the Mariposa, a new
magazine, on Easter. The edition will
consist of 6000 copies, and will be circu
lated throughout the State and in the :
East. Among the contributors to the i
Mariposa are: Eli T. Sheppard, Ina Cool- j
brith, Charles Keeler, Elizabeth Gerber- '
ding, Cromwell Galpln, Mary Bell, Frank !
Norrls and other prominent writers. The :
business managers are: Mrs. George F.
Morrow, Miss Frank M. Wilson. Mrs. W.
H. Taylor, Mrs. R. G. Brown, Mrs. W. D.
Gilette. The editors are: Mrs. Daven- j
port. Miss Campbell, Miss Miner, Mrs.
Spencer Brown, Mrs. W. H. Taylor, Mrs. ;
George C. Edwards, Miss Janet Watt.
The Week's Amusements.
OAKLAND, March 13.— Wm. Brew- j
er company has won the name of being ■
one of the best all around companies i
seen In this city. Monday night opens
with the production of Dion Boucicault's
prettiest Irish play, "The Colleen Bawn."
Miss Mabel Hussey, one of Oakland's |
most successful dramatic readers, has
been specially engaged for the leading
role in J. A. Frasier's bright little comedy
drama, "Falsely Accused," which will be .
presented at the Chapman Opera House I
in Oakland on the 18th of this month by j
the Guilbault-Birdsall company.
The Rockefeller Rhetorical Society of
California College will give its regular
mid-term open meeting in Mary Stuart !
Hall, Highland Park, East Oakland on
Friday evening. All friends of the school
or pupils are cordially invited. The pro- ,
gramme, beginning at 8 o'clock, consists
of musical, literary and rhetori- i
cal numbers.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, March 13.— Pavolo Salis- |
bury and George Moennlng left for Los j
Angeles this morning to represent Paul |
Revere Council of Berkeley in the State
Convention of Junior American Mechan- '
ics.
Professor Lovejoy of the Pacific Theo
logical Seminary preached this evening
at the First Congregational Church of i
Berkeley.
The question of holding a local election i
to amend the Berkeley charter so as to i
provide Justices' Courts is being agitated
In. the college town. . Berkeley's Justices ;
Courts were . recently declared invalid, j
and all petty offenders have been taken to !
Oakland for trial. ;
■ The old. recitation schedule will be re
established at the university to-morrow
morning. Recitations, will begin at 8:30,
9:25, 10:20, 11:15. 1. 1:55, 2:50 and 3:45 o'clock. ,
RACING AT SUTRO BATHS.
The Animals at the Chutes Draw a
Large Crowd — Park Music.
It was not as windy at the park and !
cliff as it was thought that it would be, I
and despite the fact that in the main j
part of the city the wind was blowing a
gale there was only one place at the cliff !
that the wind was objectionable, and that j
was at a point just between the Cliff I
House and the baths. Many people were i
nearly blown off their feet and hats did i
not think of staying on the heads of the i
owners.
At Sutro Baths there were a number of
exciting races and aquatic performances.
Superintendent Harrison has endeavored
to do away with the vaudeville portion of
the show and devote it entirely to aquatic
performances. Those who were winners
in the various contests yesterday were:
50-yard race for boys under 12. F. Clough
first and C. Clough second; 75-yard race
for boys under 16. R. Dahl first and J.
Han ton second; obstacle race, tie be
tween V. Schultze and F. Burnett; high
diving for boys under 16, H. Hirsch
felder first and H. Donovan second. The
2-''-yard match between Oscar Rice and
Dan Green turned out to be a draw. It
Will be decided next Sunday.
The Zoo was quite an attraction at the
Chutes yesterday. The little cubs of the
large African lioness that were born
Tuesday will be exhibited for the first
time to-day.
Died From Her Injuries.
Mrs. Margaret Nelson, who was se
verely burned in her room at the Califor
nia Hotel on Montgomery avenue last
Thursday evening, died in the County
Hospital yesterday. The Coroner was
notified and had the body removed to the
Morgue.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
druggists refund th» l.ioney If it falls to cure.
25c. The genuine has J.,. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898.
NATIONAL
GUARD NOTES
Some of the Delinquencies
to Be Shown Up by-
Inspections.
Two Resignations From the
Division Staff Have Been
Accepted.
Using the Guard for Advertising Pur
poses Is Not Favored by Rank
and File.
Two members of the staff of the divi- j
sion commander have been dropped, that i
I is, their resignations have been accepted, j
| These are Lieutenant-Colonel J. A. Watt, ■
j judge advocate, and Lieutenant-Colonel
William Edwards, ordnance officer. The
last-named goes back to the retired list,
from which he was taken, while the first i
named goes back to civil life. The sue-
I cessors have nut yet been named.
Major General Dickinson, who is a
i member of the State Senatorial commit-
I tee on the Inspection of public institu- ;
; Uons, left last evening for Agnewa where i
. there is to be an Inspection of th** asylum j
jat that place for the insane. From there ;
i he will move south, and while in that i
I portion of the State he will, in addition i
to his other duties, be pn-.sent at the in
spection of the companies of the Third j
Brigade, and in that function he will be
i accompanied by his adjutant, Colonel
: Thomas M. Cluff, and such officers of his
' staff as can be with him. The members |
i of the staff will leave here either on the '
! 9th or 11th of April. During that tour
I the division commander will also be pres- j
! ent at the inspection of the members of ■•
I the naval militia in that section of the \
i State.
THE FIRST REGIMENT.
Regimental orders have been Issued for
the inspections which are to commence
to-night and will conclude on the 22d
inst.
Since the issuance of orders No. 2, Feb
ruary 2S, there have been by orders No.
3, issued March 11, sixty men discharged
from the regiment; four from Company
A, eight from C, ten from E, eight from
F, three from O, eleven from H. two
from I. three from X, four from L, one
from M and six from the Cadet Company.
Of these thirty-five were discharged on
account of removal; ten term expired;
ten by a two-third vote; four for the
good of the service, and one term ex
pired.
A summary court-martial is ordered to
convene at the regimental armory at
half-past 8 to-night for the trial of such
prisoners as may be brought before it.
The detail for the court is Captain Wil
liam R. Robertson, commanding Com
pany E.
Captain Douglas White will preside at
an election on the 23d inst. to be held for
captain of Company I, vice Rheinhold
Richter, term expired.
THE FIFTH REGIMENT.
From regimental orders issued March 8,
it appears that since the issuance of pre
vious order thirty-five men were dis
charged from the regiment for the follow
ing causes: Removal, 22; expiration of
term of service, S; by a two-third vote of
the company, 3, and for good of the
service, 2. Of this number there were 5
from Company A, 3 from B, 2 from D, 7
from E, 5 from F, C from G and 4 from H.
Sergeant W. H. Dickinson of Company
A has been reduced to the ranks for
cause.
The following changes are announced:
Sergeant W. H. Stanley, to be first ser
geant of Company a; Quartermaster Ser
geant Littlefield, Company A. returned to
duty sergeant; Corporal D. A. Jumper,
Company A, to be quartermaster ser
geant; Private L. Bell and Private A.
Jahnigan, Company A, to be corporals;
Sergeant T. H. Derby. Company B, to bo
first sergeant, and Corporal C. I* South
gate, same company, to be sergeant:
Private H. H. Kohler, Company A. has
been transferred to the hospital corps.
Despite the fact that orders from
brigade headquarters fail to order the
band of the Fifth to be inspected, the
band is, in regimental orders, ordered to
appear for inspection with Companies A
and F at Oakland on the 2-Uh inst. The
non-commissioned staff, also omitted
from brigade orders, has been ordered to
report for muster and inspection with
those companies most convenient to their
places of residence.
The next orders of the regiment will be
issued on the 24th inst.
The time for holding elections in Com
panies C and E has been set for Monday,
April 4.
DELINQUENCIES IN THE GUARD.
The circular of instructions issued by
the division commander to the brigade in- ;
spectors and published exclusively in The
Call of yesterday, is one of the best
moves that have ever been made in the
matter of securing information that will
enable the heads of the guard to know its
condition, and be able to suggest reme
dies for delinquencies. It will appear j
that in San Francisco, at least, there has
not been since the previous inspection
any regimental drill; marching with lull
kit; practice in advance and rear guard !
duty; outpost, reconnoissance and pa
trols; that all men are ordered to, but not
required to attend target practice with
small arms: that battalion drill has been
neglected; that entire harmony does not
exist among the officers of the organiza
tion; that in many instances the capacity
of officers is not up to the standard of n
quirement laid down in conducting the
military and staff services of the com
mand; that there are officers unfit for ser
vice through infirmity or other causes;
that there is a lack of thorough knowl
edge as to communication by road, rail or
telegraph; that but little attention has
been paid to the requirements of target
practice by those whose duty it is to at
tend to that matter; that but few, if any
companies, have been thoroughly exer
cised in sighting drills, position and aim
ing drills and gallery practice; that there
is one sheltered place for gallery practice
that the same is not open to the regiment,
but confined to the use of companies in j
the Ellis-street armory; that the regiment
has not a rifle range, but is out peddling
tickets for an entertainment to be given
to raise funds to provide such a range;
that the regimental blankets cannot be
"taken out occasionally, shaken and hung
out of doors," for the reason that there
is no place out of doors under the control
of the regiment where they can be hung
out; that there are not many officers and
enlisted men outside of the signal corps
who are proficient in the exchange of
signals by flags, heliograph or telegraph;
that the non-commi.ssioned officers have
not had any lyceums of instruction,
which they ought to have; that there has
been but little, if any. Instruction in the
matter of Judging distances of stationary
or moving objects, or in crossing streams
or ditches, or in embarking on boats or
cars.
These are only a few of the delinquen
cies which must appear if the reports are
correct and unequivocal. The good of the
National Guard demands that every one
of the one hundred and eleven questions
in the circular should bo answered with
out equivocation, for there is no denying
that there are many delinquencies, and
as there is an officer at the head of the
guard at this time who evinces a desire
to place the guard right he should be en
couraged. If he receives the assistance
that he ought to have in effecting many
reforms he has in contemplation the
guard of this State will be so far above
its present status that it will command
the respect of communities in which the
various organizations are located and
there will be much less talk than there
Is at this time about "tin soldiers."
A SCHEME NOT RELISHED.
There is considerable growling in the
ranks because the men of the First In
fantry have been notified that they will
have to give their services in aid of an
advertising scheme. One of the officers
of the regiment, in speaking of this mat
ter, said: "We have been ordered to
take part in some entertainment that is
to be gotten up, ostensibly for the pur
pose of raising a fund to erect a monu
ment or something of that kind to the
; memory of those unfortunate fellows who
met their death on the Maine. I, for one,
am willing to give my time and money In
aid of any movement that will result in
good, but I am opposed to being required
to give my time or to take the time and
service of the National Guard, which is
sustained by the taxpayers, for the pur- !
pose of advertising a newspaper that is
seeking to thrust itself forward through
the mfsfortunes of others. If it had been
a movement by the National Guard it
certainly would have the heartiest sup- I
port of the officers and men, but under
the circumstances it has not. Still, we
are under orders and we must obey."
ADVERSE CRITICISM.
At the reception tendered the division !
commander at brigade headquarters last j
Saturday night Colonel Fairbanks of the
Fifth Regiment took occasion to read
those present a brief lecture on the evil
of a lack of harmony in the ranks of
the National Guard, and declared that it
was that which in a great measure
brought it In for a share of adverse criti
cism in the newspapers. A lack of unan
imity it is true, has had much to do with
the condition of the guard at this time,
for when the fllo finds that the rank does
not devote the interest to it that it should
then it become* affected and cares but
little in maintaining the spirit that is
rf-tjuisite In keeping up the organization.
A little mure in the line of acting in har
mony to the end of advancing the prac
tical side of the guard, and there will
be less adverse criticism. If the officers
furnish material for such criticism they
must expect it.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
Lieutenant-Commander T. A. Nerny,
acting captain, presided at an election
last Tuesday. H. P. Gray was elected
lieutenant and assistant engineer, Harry
Williams was elected lieutenant, junior
grade and passed assistant engineer, and
R B. Church was elected ensign and
passed assistant engineer. Lieutenant
Williams, junior grade, will be assigned
to the Pinta. Lieutenant-Commander
Vernv will go to Santa Cruz to-night to
preside at an election for lieutenant, vice
Morcy resigned. It is probable that Carl
E liindsey. lieutenant. Junior grade, will
be advanced to the position of lieutenant.
The lieutenant-commander will go to
Santa Cruz this week to preside at an
election to he held to fill the vacancy
ciused by the resignation of Lieutenant
Morey. It Is probable that Carl E. Llnd-
Bey lieutenant, Junior grade, will be
chosen for the place, and in that manner
be promoted.
The repairs on the Pinta will be corn-
Dieted within the next two or three days
and she will start a second time for her
destination, San Diego, on Thursday
next. ___________
BOTH WOUNDED
AND BLEEDING
Special Officers Tannian and
Burge Have a Misun-
derstanding.
One Uses a Club and the Other the
Butt End of His Revolver,
With Serious Results.
Two special officers had a misunder
standing early yesterday morning with
the result that both had to be taken to I
I the Receoivlng Hospital and one of them
was charged at the City Prison 'With an
ussar.lt With a deadly weapon.
Martin Tannian is an ex-pollceman and
: Is now employed as a special officer at i
the Kmplre Theater on Ellis street. Ho I
I was in a saloon on O'Farrell and Powell j
! streets about 5 o'clock yesterday morn- j
ing when Otis H. Burge, a special officer |
on Broadway and Dupont street, drove
up in a hack and entered the saloon.
' Burge had engaged the hack for some
■ friends who had been at the masquerade
ball. As soon as Burge entered the sa
loon Tannian went at him. He wanted
i to know what Burge was doing In that
i neighborhood. Burge told him to mind
his own business and Tannian lost his
! temper and struck Burge twice in th«
j face. Burge pull'-l out his club and gavo
Tannian a tap on the head which cut
i open his scalp.
Seeinur trouble was imminent, people in
| the saloon separated ihe two and Burgt>
'■ went out and took a seat in the hack.
I Tannian followed him and pulling out hiH
revolver used the butt end as a club and
whacked Burge over the head with it six
tinK-s I.tfore he could be stopped.
Policemen Harter and Hayden appeared
: on the scone and arrested the two men.
< At the Receiving Hospital Burge had six
scalp wounds stitched and dressed, and
Tannian had one. Both were under the
influence of liquor. Tannian was taken
to the City Prison and booked on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon,
and Burge was booked for being drunk.
Tannian was later released on his own
recognizance by Judge Conlan and Burge
as soon as he was sober was set at lib
erty.
"GENERAL" DUGGAN IS STOIC.
The Exhortations of the Salvaticn
Army Has No Charms for Him
in the County Jail.
The exhortations of the Salvation Army
to the criminals confined in the County
Jail has no charms for "General" Dug
gan. While the lassies were holding
their services in the prison the leader of
the army of Jesus Christ crouched in his
cell like a caged animal. He paid no
heed to them and took no Interest in
their exercises. The other prisoners;
teased him a little and urged him to as
sume his past vocation in turning way
ward sinners to repentance. But this
admonition was all lost. Ho paid no at
tention to the taunts of his fellow-pris
oners. To the officers of the jail he is
non-eommunieativo and declines to make
acquaintances when addressed through
the peephole in the door of his cell.
Since his transfer from the City Prison
to the County Jail he has had no callers,
nor has he sent out any messages to the
other members of his corps. He seems
to have been deserted by the soldiers of
his "army."
"HEB LAST VOYAGE."
A Photo-Lithogravure of the Maine j
From an Oil Painting by W.
A. Coulter.
One of the handsomest photo-lithogra
vures ever got out in San Francisco 1h
that of the wrecked battle-ship Maine.
It is in six colors and was taken from an
oil painting by W. A. Coulter, The Call's
marine artist. The point of view Is from
the southwest and shows the Maine slow
ing down and rounding in from deep
water to the entrance to Havana harbor.
Morro Castle is shown on the port bow I
and the whole picture is full of life and j
action. The battle-ship seems to be a
thing of life, and no one to look at the
picture would think that a few days later
she- would be a wreck at the bottom of
Havana harbor, a monument to Spanish
treachery. Mr. Coulter is a past master
in the art of drawing p^a scenes, but in
this picture of the Maine he has sur
passed himself.
Two Fraternity Dinners.
ThePhl Delta Theta held its regular an
nual dinner at the Palace Hotel Saturday
evening. A delightful menu was proviued
and numerous members of the fraternity
■who .mew how to aptly say a good thing
on a good subject got up and said it while
the rest listened and applauded with ap
preciation. It was late when the gather
ing finally broke up to come to
gether again in good fellowship when
another year sha-» have added its days
to those already passed since the guests
were college chums together.
While the P. H. iJ.'s were dining in
one part of the building, the Sigma Alpha
Epßiion was holding, around a groaning
board, its forty-second reunion in anoi.ier.
Nearly forty guests, representing Alpha
Chapter of Stanford and Beta Chapter of
Berkeley were gathered together, and
with good cheer, good speeches and good
songs they passed a right merry evening,
and it was with regret that tney noted
the signs of approaching day which a
kindly heaven sent to light them on their
homeward path.
NOTICE TO MARINKRS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographies
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, la
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th»
office, wnera complete Bets of charts ano sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of fntertst to fvaii commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes befora
noon ar.d is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, it any, la
published the same day by the af'.arnooa
papers, and by the mornine papers the fol.cwr
ing day. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. X.. In charge.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow Hies with the wind. The top fig
ures at itatlon Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath It, if any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow In Inches
and' hundredtha during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
aiOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, March 13. 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season :
Past This Last
Stations— M hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.28 23.13 41.34
Red Bluff 0 12.07 22.53
Sacramento 0 5.50 10.i7
San Francisco 0 7.45 20.68
Fresno 0 3.43 0.25
San Luis Oblspo 0 5.27 19.74
Lob Angeles 0 4. 50 16. 0S
Kan Diego Trace 3.66 10.91
Yuma 0 1.65 5.31
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
&3; minimum. 43; mean. 4S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
A storm of considerable energy lies over the
Rocky Mountain regions.
During the past 24 hours the pressure has
risen rapidly over Nevada and Northern Cali
fornia, and a cold wave is passing over Ne
vada, Southeastern California, Utah and West
ern Arizona.
The temperature has fallen from 12 to 24 de
grees over Utah, Nevada and Eastern Callfor-
Bnow Is falling in Nevada and T*tah.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Independence. 30 miles per hour from
the north: Yuma, 42 west.
Heavy frosts are likely to occur early Mon
day morning In California and in Arizona
Tuesday morning and if the wind ceases. Mon
day morning.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, March 14. 1593:
Northern California— Fair Monday; contin
ued cold weather: northerly winds; heavy
froptß Monday morning.
Southern California— Fair Mo»day; continued
OOtd weather: northerly winds; heavy frosts
Monday morning.
Nevada— Fair Monday; warmer In northern
portion Monday night.
T'tah— Cloudy Monday; warmer In northern
portion Monday night.
Arizona— Fair in western portion; cloudy In
eastern portion; decidedly colder In eastern
portion Monday; heavy frost Tuesday morn-
Pan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
light frost in the morning: northerly wind.
Fnecial from Mt. Tamalpals— Clear; wind
north. 24 miles; temperature, 87: maximum
temperature, 42. ALEXANDER MeADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL C.'i-ENDAR.
March. IS9B.
Mo
i
8
Da. We
T ~T
8 9
15 18
la 23
» I 30
Th.
8
10
Fr-
4
II
3a. !
I
12
I IT
Moon's Phases.
©Full Moon,
Mar 8.
/to-'L&e.t Quarter
Vlj Mar. U.
a New Moon,
\5/ Mar. 22.
«
T
14
21
a
15
IT
la
31
25
2ii >
isr I
Quarter,
nr. ?■'.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
1
Santaßosa... "San Dte*o ]
Proereso 'Seattle ;
Coob Bay Newport ;
State 01 Ca1.... I Portiana ;
Weeott iHumbolat .
Washtenaw iTacoma :
Pomona. San Diero -• |
Sla Victoria ft Piwet SnO. . . . . .
Arcava Coos Bay -
Colon Panama
Valencia Alaska... I
Crescent City.. Crescent City
North Font...- UumDoldt
Columoia Portland i
14
14
10
18
10
II
is
16
18
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
fiTKAMKn. I DEBTIKATIO.VI
SAILS.
Samoa
North Fork
Homer —
Santa Rosa
Fulton
Walla Wlla
Coo» flay..
gtate of Cal
CltyS.vdney
Weeott
Alaska
Portland
Humboldt — ;
Humboldt.... i
iHumbolat....
San Dieso....
I Alaska
| Vie & P Sound j
I Newport
! Portland j
Pans- til ;
j Hum bid t Bay.
San Die?o.... j
AiM *-..-yl
I Mar 14. 5 pm Pier 3
Mar H. 10 am | Pier 21
Mar 14. a am; Pier 8
Mar 15. »am Pier 2
I Mar 15. 10 am i Pier v
Mar 1«. 11 AM Pier 11
Mar 16, Pier 20
I Mar 17. 10 am! Pier 9
Mar 18. 9 AM Pier 11
Mar 18. 10 am i Pier 2i
Mar 13, 12 m PM SS
Mar 18. 9 am Pier 13
Mar. '.O. 11 am Pier 11
Mar 20.
Pomona —
Dlrl^o
BUN, MOON AND TIDE.
TTnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low Waters
• t Fort Point. Entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by Official Authority of tn»
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th* city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAPCH-W»8.
Monday. March 14.
Sun rices ••• •••• ';}?
Sun Beta ••••• °-"°
Moon risea udo
Feet Tlme iFw»t '
H Wl
! Fee.
i| V:
ii Id:
3:
i
6
10 1 «:t»| •••»> »■■»" --» ■ ■ ---■ 1
NOTE —In the above exposition of "he tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide.
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings ,on th«
frnlted States Coast Survey charts. I except
when a minus sign (-) precedes the height
and then the number given is subtractlve from
the d*jth civen by the charts. .- ■ ■
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED. - I
.■ • • Sunday, March 13.
Nor ■'■ stmr Tltanla. Egenes, 87 hours from
; Stm^cieone, Walvig. ; 14 hours from Albion.
Stmr Cleone, Walvig, 14 hours from Albion.
- Stmr Walla Walla. Wallace, 60 hours 45 mln
from Victoria and Puget Sound - ports. ■
'; Haw stmr China, Seabury. 29 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 17 days, via Hono
lulu 6 days 7 hours 25 mm.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 75 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Star Samna, Johnson, 89 hours from San
Diego, via Hueneme 45 hours.
Bark Edward Ma- Johnson, 27 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn W H Dimond, Nilson, 17 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Mayflower, Olsen, 69 hours from Co
quille River.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 12 hours frm
Point Arena.
Sohr La Chllena, Campbell, 1 hours from
Fort Ross.
Schr Archie and Fontte, Colstrup, 8 hours
from Stewarts Point.
Schr John A, Hellquist. 26 hours frm Eureka.
SAILED.
Sunday. March 13.
Stmr Arcata. Reed, Coos Bay.
Etmr Alex Duncan, Shea.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura-
Ship Elwell, Ryder.
Brig Lurline, MacLeod, Kahului.
pohr Maxim. Olsen, Caspar.
Bchr S Danielson, Arff.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
STEWARTS POlNT— Sailed Mar 13— Schr
Archie and Fontle. for San Francisco.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Mar 13— Schr La Chile
ca, for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar 12— Stmr Protection,
°TA.TOOSH— Passed Mar 13— Str Washtenaw.
hence Mar 9 for Tacoma.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Mar 12— Haw
bark Diamond Head, for Honolulu.
Arrived Mar 13— Rark Ceylon, from Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived Mar 13— Stmr Cottags
City, from Dyea. _ .
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Mar 13— Schr Sequoia,
from Portland.
CASPAR— Arrived Mar 13— Stmr Jewel, hce
Mar 11.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Mar 2— Er stmr Mo
ana, from Sydney; Br stmr Oaelic. hence Feb
23. 4— Stmr Mariposa, hence Feh 25; r>ktn
\melia, from Port Hlakeley; schr Ol*a, from
Newcastle, NSW. s— Sohr Transit, hence ¥eb
16; Haw stmr China, from Yokohama. 6— Bktn
John Smith, from Newcastle. NSW, via Ka
' Sailed Mar 3— Br str Gaelic, for Yokohama.
i—V P S stmr Bennington, for cruise; stmr
Mariposa, for Sydney. s— Schr Alice Cooke,
for San Francisco.
HlLO— Arrived Feb 26— Brig Geneva, from
bailed Feh 26— Bark A "W Spies, for Dela
ware Breakwater.
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Feb 15— Br ship Clav
erdon. for Royal Roads; Br stmr Ningchow,
for Victoria.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
i NEW TORK— Arrived Mar 13— Stmr Mlssls
elppi, from London; etmr La Normandie, frm
! SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Mar 13— Stmr
Friederich de Grosse, from New York for
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Mar 13— Stmr Umbria.
from New York.
Sailed Mar 13— Stmr Roumanian, fm Glas
gow for Philadelphia.
QT'EENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar 13— Stmr Cara
i pania, from Liverpool for New York.
f~~*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mmjmjmm <>-*> KEAR\T ST. Kstobllshfd
fflr»l ßa sj»iii 1K54 for the treatment of Private
Ht i Pw,4sPf DiseHSf-s, Lost Manhood. Debility or
BafcajJM.-iWBa disease v.'eariDg on body and mind and
O* ramStM Skin Diseases, The doctorcureswben
'2ffl^^^H" ti ' Hlsf!lil - Try him. Charges low.
iSSES^BBa <i!i'<'*cnaranlfril. or write.
Or. a. f-'. ««f BBOS. Box 1057. -San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
?^^l^»^ Steamers leave Broadway
■ Wfß'^ntW wharf. San Francisco:
■I t<? f s'ws2'l!*» or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
'■ Hr aJ^S^ March 2, 7. 12, IT. 22, 27, April
i ml&Sisl \sa! 1- Transferred at Seattle.
| MKJfa^i^Ml For Alaskan ports (from
' PBB^HH Spear street wharf). 10 a. m.,
ll March 2. 6. 10, 14. 18, 22. 26. 30. |
*■» Transferred at Portland, Or.
1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C). Port Town- i
: eend, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. March 2 7,
: i' 17 22 27 and every fifth day thereafter.
! connecting at Seattle with company's steam- !
I ers for Alaska and G. N. By- at Tacoma with ,
i N P Ry at Vancouver with C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
i March 3. 9. 15, 21. 27. and every sixth day
For aft Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. ;
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). |
Gaviota' Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenesne. |
Run Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and i
Newport 9 a. m.. March 2, 6. 10. 14. 13, 22. SS.
'• 30 and every fourth day thereafter.
! For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har- ;
I ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port !
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
if m^T March 4. 8, 12, 16. 20, 24. 28. and every
fourth day thereafter. ' •"•
! f For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
! Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. .Santa Rosa-
' lia and Guaynias- 10 a m.. March 8.
April 3 and 2d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
' without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
' unl tinirc of Falling.
TICKET OFFICE-Palace Hotel, 4 New
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agta.,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
rinc £12 First Class Including Berth
rAKC $ 8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Mar. 2. 10. 18, !«
Columbia Mar. 6, 14. 22. 39
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market at.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents. •
fanaiMifl B. s. zealandia. '
Jh3f9l£ HONOLULU only,
•St ' Saturday, March 12, at
y \^—^ 2p. m. Special party
The S. S. MOAN A
QjlCuillJlliK sails via Honolulu and
/3mß?|?m Auckland for Sydney
\UllljJlJl«p Wednesday, March 23.
at 2 p. m. . _.__
Line to COOLOARDIE, Australia, and CAPE i
T ?VsIRECKEL| a & BROS. CO.. Agent, i
j. v. ornt. ii 4 Mr)ntgomer j- street.
Freight Office-327 Market st- San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 North -£<pa»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
; XS^Wa: I^^"^ l^-:
T A°VORM\Nnii3 March 19. 10 a. m.
?f riIAMPAGVE March 26 10 a. m.
Lit BOcMoOGNB Aprj} 2. 10 a. m.
LA BRKTAONK April 9. JO a. m
LA NORMANDIE.;... •••■■ April 16
For further particulars apply^ A _ ent<
No S. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FT7GAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., Kan Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3. Washington St.. at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points on the
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. CITY OF STOCKTON.
MART OAHRATT, J. D PETERS.
Telephone Main 805. Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer " Montlcello"
i Mon., Tues., vved., Thurs. and "Sat...
I 9-45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (3:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 P- m. and S:3O p. m. ■
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Dock, Pier 2.
TeleJ hone. Red 2241.
For Sao Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alvibu leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
• excepted) at 10 a. m.; Alviso daily (Saturdays'
! excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
; Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c:
i to San Jose, 73c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
; First street. San Jose.
' RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
™ . 19, 1897.
: WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:3».
11:80 a. m. ; *I:4*, 3:45, *5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. -■/■;;
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •l«.0«|,
s •11:30 a. m. ; »1:15, 3:00. *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. ■
7:25 a. m. week days for.Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
■■ Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
• (Via Sausalito Ferry). f '
Leave San Francisco, commencing ■ Novem-
ber 13, .1897: '-.- ■■. ■ . ■■ ,- . , ■ .
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. m. •
Sundays— B:oo. 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m. .
Round trip from Mill Valley, $L
THOH. COOK : & SON. ' Agents, til Ifarktt
I street; San Francisco.'--.. >
AUCTION SALES.
CARPETS! CARPETS!
TO-DAY (MONDAY) AT 11 A. M.
113-115 TENTH ST., NEAR MISSION—*
FRANK W. BUTTERFIEL.D, 602 Market.
BALLEOAD TBAVEI* _|
SOCXIIF.ItX PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trnlna Ic»Te mid are due to »rrl»» ••
SAN FKANCIMCO.
*• (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ' -
leave — From January 1. 1398. — AMtrrf
•G:00a Niles. Saa Joso and Way Stations... •£ ;4 *A
7:00 a Benlcia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 1©:« a.
7:00 a MarysviUe. OroTlUoand Redding via
Woodland s :*s': *5'
7:OOa. Vacaville and Rucsey B! * J '
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
CalistogaandSantaßosa......... 2M2
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Og.lcn and liast.. 8-43F
«!«Oa Kiles, San .lose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento. Marysyille, Chico,
■■■' ■■"■:'•' Tehama and Re.l Uluff .i'l* F
•■:3oAPettre. Milton and Oakdale »7:SOF
»:OUa New Orleans Kxpress, Merced, Ray-
mond, Kresno, Bakersaold. Santa
Barbara, Jos Angeles, Demliig,
El l'aso. New Orleans and East. •x4»P
Vallejo. Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 7. I ! ls*'
•I:»«F Sacramento Hirer Steamers I 5 :
1 :OOp Nfles, San Jose and Way Stations. . t Os 1 3 A
1 :8©p Martinez and Way Stations 7:13r
St:tH>r Llvcrmore, Mendota, llanford and
VUalia 4:18»
LiTer^ore, San Jose, NUaa and Way ..^"._
Stations XMhl*V
«:»©r Martiuei, Ban Ramon, Tallejo,
Napa, Calistoga. B Yemno and .__,„
Santa Rosa '»U*
•:—T Bealda, VacariUe, Woodland..
— Knights Landing, Marysvflle, Oro-
** »ille aud Sacramento JO*4»A
4:80f NUes, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7xls*
4t3Or Lattrcp. Modesto, Merced. Bcrenda,
Fresno, McjaTe (for Randsburg), ._
Saata Isarbar»and l<oa Angeles.. T»«»A
«>a*F Santo Fo Uoute. Atlantic Kxpress
forMojafe anil Kaat Os«OP
■{3:30f " Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock. St.
Louis, Chicago and East 81«ila*.
YS:SVP " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and East 510:13 a
«i«op Europeau Mall, Ogilen and East.... *2K2 K
6:OOp HaywariU, Niksaud San Jose ~*§s*'
t»:O«p Vallejo • •»<:*BF
•:OOp Oregon Sacramento, Marys-
Tlllo. Redding, Portland, Pnget
, SoiiiKlana l'.a»t »='»*,
! * SAN LEAJTUBO AM* HAXMAHUtJ LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) £
ce-tori ~~ ~ ? TsioX
S:O«a Kelroie, Seminary Park, . «!®:*s^
iSoot ntei*.i», Ei«n.im , imiK
1:00 a Sam I,ea»dru, South Sib. >?li?;? l i?;
i tl»:O0M i, WUI *ro,E8t«dlll. t
i'sVooF L»re«M, Cherna i 'i!fSj
2122^ «•« i '•§*
«:e©F tßnnfthrooghtoNllo*; f ,o|5«S
n.r,g;J tftoß>wto - U?f£g:
COAST UIVIMOIi (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.) .
•eiSA Newark.Center»lllo,Baii Jose.FeltpD,
1 Jonltler Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
■ Stations •••■•. !P**»
•»«IBf Newark, OeiitenrUle, San Jose, New : ..-- -
AliiMden, Felton, llonlder.Oreek, C
Santa Crux and Principal Way
SUtious 'PIT"
4ilsp Newark, San. lose and Lob Gatoa... »:*Oa,
fllt43r Hunters' Excnriion/ Sao Jose and
' Way Stations... t7rBOij
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrttaSiK mSCISCO-Joot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:11 9:00 H.-OOa.u. U^O *2*o W:0B
•4:00 tC:OO »6:00 p.M.
fr«»OiILlHIl-r»«l«rBr»idwij.— '6:00 »JpO l»^0*«-
113:00 •1:00 . 12:00 *3:00 ti^O *B^orJi^
"*" COAST DIVISION (Broad «anR«).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) ,
•tSSA&au Jose an.l Way Station* (New .
Almadeu Wednesdays only) •«k»a
•:»»A Sau Jose, Tres Plnos, HwiU Cru*.
PaciDc Gro»e, Paso lioblea, ban
I,uis OWspo. Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way SUtioua aS'lif
1O:4«a San Jose and Way Stations « i?
11:3Oa San Jose au.l Way Stations ....... 8:55*.
•a-.30r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa Clara, Ban Jose, Gilroy. .
HoUister, Sauta Crttz, Salinas,
Monterey and Pacific (Jro»o .. 1? : *®*-
•3:1 5 p San Jose and Principal Way Stations **'™*
San Joseaml Principal Way Stations »••»£
•3«OOp San Jose and Principal Way (Stations l:3Or
• 5:80F San.Tose an.l Principal Way Statlous 3 :8«F
6i SOp San Jose and W»y Statious !„„_
Ill:4r>p San Jose and Way Stations '"
. A for Morning. \ .I' for Afternoon.
• Sundays exerted, t Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays onU.
♦1 Monday, Thur?day and Saturday nightt oalj.
' *ff Mondays and Thursdays.
! _ 1 Wednesdays and Saturdays. . ■ -
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 8:00. 11:00 a. m.: U:8»
8:30, 5:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:s*
and 11:30 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:M. S:W.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:60. 9:10. 11:10 a. m.a
12-45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. .... ..
BUND AYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:46. I: Ml,
6*oo 6*25 p in.
Between San Francisco and EchueUen Park
! same schedule as above.
Leave t if ♦ Arrive
j San Francisco. cvait* 6an Franclseq
7:Soa.m.|B:ooa.m. 1 'Kovato. 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
B:Sop.m. 9:30a.m.l Petaluma, b:lop.m- 10:26 a.m.
| b :lop.m. 5 :00 p.m. I Santa Boaa. 7:35 p.m. 6 :rip.m.
i 7 :80 p.m. Fulton. - _
Windsor. 10:35 a.m.
i 7 :30a.m. Healdaburr.
Lytton.
Geyserville, !
S :00a.m. I Cloverdalei 7:83 p.m. B:Pp.m.
i ; Boplaud and I
7 :30a.m. 1 8 -00a.m. 1 Uklah. 1 7:35 p.m. B:aap.m.
7:30 a.m.) j ' )„ „ 10:23 a.m.
3:00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7 :85 p.m. I
i 8:30 p.m. ! 1 6:23 p.m.
; :30a m.'s7ooa.m.| Sonoma 10:40 a.m. | 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5 :00 p.m. Glen Ellen. B:lop.m. i o:3>ptr^
:30a.m. )8 :00a.m.) sebaatcpoi. | 1O: 0a - m -l 1 2 : a - m -
! 3:311p.in. 11 5 :00p.m. 1 £>ePaatCPOI ! 7:85p.m-| 7:22 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprings; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Clove for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lake. Pomp, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley-s, Buck-
neU's; Sanhedrin Heights, HullvlUe BoonvlUe.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
E taVda'y S t t o PO ]?onday round-trip ticket. at f.
dl On d Su a ndayB round-trip tickets to all points
teyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market street. Chronic!*
b AIdW'FOSTER,A ld W 'FOSTER, B. X. RYAN.
. Prea, and Gen. Managw. Gen. Pass. Agt.
[L~-"HFjf 1 CALIFORNIA
||^t^||2; LIMITED.
i^n^ffßiiS SAN FRANCISCO
5 Hfti j«81 a 1 1 «H - to
IjßljgjSßßMl CHICAGO.
-'Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
' Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
• cut extra charge. ■-»-•;
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
1% days to Chicago, -4% days to New York.
TOE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman . Tourist Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points. '
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
I Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
IE2O Oakland office, 1113 Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. Ban Jose, 7 West
Kanta Clara street. - ■■ ■- - ■-.•--
THE SAN FRANCISCO 4 SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
' From September 10. 1897. trains will iv aa
follows: ; ,
-...- Southbound. ' - J. Northbound.
Passen- MUod i ona . ' Mixed I Passe*
ger Sunday 3 "*""' I:J - . Sunday I per
Dally. Exc'p'td'- Exc'p'ul Dally.
i 7:20 a.m. ' 9:09 a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
! 9:10 a.m. Yi:Ui p.m. Merced 12:&0 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno/ J:3oa.m. 2:2) p. m
11:40 a. 111. 0:2l> p.m. Hanfor- .:45 a.m. l:lip.tu
I 12:15 p.m. 0:45 p.m. Vlsalla - 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
; Stopping at Intermediate po lnts wnea require!
Connections— At Stockton with steamboats ot
C. N. - & I- Co., leaving - San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. daily; at Merced - wtt_t
stages to and from Snelllnss. Coultervllle. etc.;
also with stage , for Hornitos, Marlposa, etc.;
I at Lankershlm with etas* to and from &ladera»
78
GOOD DAY'S SPORT AT
THE COURSING PARKS
Unusually Fast Dogs and
Hares Raced at
Ingleside.
Talent Received Several Shocks,
but Rallied Toward
the End.
Oraat Run of Patria and Van Nida
a Feature—Sly Boy Breaks
His Leg.
Unusually fast dogs and hares furnished
a good day's sport at Ingleside Coursing
Park yesterday. Although the breezes
that blew in from the ocean chilled to
the marrow, :i large crowd hovered in the
pheltfred portions o f the grounds, and
considerable money changed hands on
the various events. Prominent in the
trathering around the pool boxes were S.
11. Seymour, "Walter Watson, Jack Welsh
of the Bostonians, Jack Lewis and Ed
ward Briggs, and their judgment fre
quently resulted in a fluouation of the
odds unexpected by the bookies.
X.i sensations occurred during the day,
but there were several incidents worthy
of note. "When Sly Boy went forth from
the slips with Swinnerton in the eighth
course he was destined to make his last
run. The veteran hound, with a record
for getting well up into the money
started with his usual speed when he was
seen to fall, rise again and continue after
the hare on three legs. A shout went up
from the grand stand that Sly Boy was
a cur and had quit. There was no cur in
Sly Boy, however, and when he was
picked up beside the hare that had been
Killed by Swinnerton it was found that
one of his slender fore legs had snapped
like a reed when he fell. The suffering
animal was picked up and carried to his
kennel and the limb set and dressed. He
will recover, but yesterday he ran his
last course.
During the day the talent received sev
eral shocks, but at the end of the game
came out slightly ahead. The first course
dampened the ardor of the payers of odds
when Van Xida.a two to one favorite, was
put out by Glen Hoy. In the tenth course
In the all-age stake Black Prince, a five
to three favorite, suffered defeat by Van
Clole, and in the next run Fireball, a
short ender at the odds of five to four,
lowered the colors of Magnet without
great effort. In tne Consolation stake
Star Ruby, a live to three favorite, and
Valley Maid, a three to one choice, were
beaten much to the chagrin of the talent,
but later events more than evened mat-
ters up.
The run between Patria, the crack East
ern dog, and Van Nida, was pronounced
by coursing men as the longest, closest
and hardest course of the season. The
dogs ran like wild deer across the grounds
three times in pursuit of a hare that
raced like the wind, and it finally escaped,
leaving behind it within the inclosure the
exhausted hounds. Next Sunday will be
an interesting day at Ingleside. Six hun
dred dollars has been audeil to the stake
for beaten dogs, and a match race in
which $T>oo is involved will Take place be
tween Connemara and Mialmo, both dogs
belonging to James Dean's stables. Rod
ert Smith, the Eastern horseman, has bet
Fred Hover $200 to $200 that Connemara
can best Mialmo, and if the dogs can be
got into condition, and it is thought that
they can be, the bet will be decided Sun
day.
Final— Moondyn© beat Patria and won
the stake.
In the first ties in the all-age stake
Deckelman &. Panarios Glen Roy beat
Dr. Vi.n Hummers Van Nida;.Lowe &
Thompson's Victor a bye; T. Cronin's
Johnny R beat James Byrne's Occidental;
J. Deane's Moondyne beat H. Devine'3
Gilt Edge; Connell Brothers" Log Boy
beat J. Quane's Princess Marie; T. Coo
ney'S Right Bower beat James McCor
mick'a Rapid; D. Leonard's Bendalong
beat Dr. Van Hummel's Just Eclipsed;
W. Ryan's Swinnerton beat M. Rogers'
Sly Boy; Lowe & Thompson's Patria beat
Dr. Van Hummel's Van Nida; Dr. Van
llummel's Van Cloie beat J. McCor
mlck's Black Prince; T. Cronin's Magnet
beat M. Mlchalik's Fireball; J. McCor
mick's White Lily beat P. Tierney's Sen
orita.
In the second ties Glen Roy beat Vic
tor; Moondyne beat Johnny R; Log Boy
beat Right Bower; Bendalong beat Swin
nerton; Patria beat Van Cloie; White
Lily beat Magnet.
In the third ties Moondyne beat Glen
Roy; Log Boy beat Bendalong; Patria
beat White Lily.
In the fourth ties Moondyne beat Log
Boy; Patria a bye.
In the run down of the consolation
stake Lowe & Thompson's High Born
Lady beat Caro & Loudon's Uncle Sam;
J. Baddeley's Lady Hopp beat J. H.
Smith's Star Ruby; James Byrne's Mo
hawk beat E. J. Heney's Harkaway;
James Byrne's Nellie B beat M. Sullivan's
Sir John Arnot; Deckelman & Panario'a
Old Glory beat P. Carney's Nellie Daly;
F. Brown's Alma beat J. Murnane's Val
ley Maid.
In the first ties High Born Lady beat
Lady Hopp; Old Glory beat Mohawk;
Nellie B beat Alma.
In the second ties High Born Lady beat
Nellie B; Old Glory a bye.
In the final Old Glory beat High Born
Lady and won the money.
The final run in the all-age event be
tween Moondyne and Patria was hotly
contested. The adherents of both were
numerous and betting ran high. Moon
dyne, the California crack, was made the
favorite, but Patria was not without
backing. The dogs were slipped to a good
hare and It was neck and neck, point and
pomt — and "undecided." In the second
sprint Moondyne had the course from
start to finish. Moondyne is a California
bred dog and of California stock. Patria
is an Eastern hound. It was another
victory for the coast.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Ellen Kearns to Jay V. Lawrence, lot on N
line of Eddy street, 55 E of Polk. E 57:6 by N
92; $10.
Gustav Sutro to Thereee Sutro, lot on N line
of Pine street. 137:6 W of Franklin, W 56 by
N 137:6; 510.
E. D. Owen to Frances E. Owen, commenc
ing 137:6 from SE corner Sutter and Broderlck
streets, E 34:4% by 6 137:G; gift and $10.
Clement Reudin to- Elizabeth A. McCord, lot
on N line of Fell street, 136:3 W of Central ave
nue. W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Abraham E. and Amelia K. Hecht to Blem
na, Marus H. and Bert R. Hecht (trustees es
tate Issac Hecht), undivided 1-10 of following:
Lot on SE corner of San Jose avenue and
Twenty-sixth street. E IS9:7H. S 159:3, NW 23<>.
more or less, NE 54:1, N S0:2; also lot on SW
corner of Army and Valencia streets, 98:SV4, W
120, NT 104, E 120:1%; also lot on NW corner of
Army and Valencia streets, N 51:2%, NW 230.
more or lesa, SW 25:7"^, E 122:0^. S 80, E
118:1%; also property in San Mateo County,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Same to P.lemma Hecht, undivided 1-10 same
(4 descriptions), quitclaim deed; $10.
Same to Jacob H. Hec&t, undivided 1-B same,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Same to Louis Hecht Jr, undivded 1-5 same
quitclaim dccl; (10.
Potrero Land and Improvement Company to
Jeremiah Tcomey), lot on XW corner of Twen
ty-second (Sierra) and Minnesota streets N
100 by W 25; grant.
Annie Kiernan to Michael Kiernan, lot 28
Gift Map 3: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. C. C. O'Neil (owner) with William Bell
(contractor), architect Edward A. Larsen. All
•work for alterations and additions to make a
2-story frame building (2 flats) on S\V corner
of Scott and Lloyd streets, S 25, by W 111-6
11140.
Same with the H. Williamson Company (con
tractors) architect same. Plumbing, etc.. for
(tame on Mine; $410. -
Peter F. Dunne- (owner) with Marcus* &
Remmel (contractors), architect J. W. Johnson
All work .for a 2-story frame building with
basement and attic on SW corner of Cherry
and Clay streets, S 40 by W 105:4; ISSOO.
Marcus Getz (owner) with Edward Cox (con
tractor), architect none. All work for a 3-story
frame building of 3 flats on N line of Page
street. 158 \V of Buchanan W 27 by N 120; $710
Mrs. Nellie E. Mitchell (owner) with William
Hinkfl (contractor), architect William Koentg.
All work for a 2-story frame building on N
line of Page street, 108:3 E of Clayton, E 25
by N 137:6; $4*Vi. |
■ Maria ■. Ferrogglarro (owner) with Demartlnl
& Pagano (contractors), architect Paul Demar
tlnl. All work for a 2-story and basement
frame building: with brick foundation, on - W
line of Alplr^f street. 100 X of Thirteenth. N
25. by W 90, TSing lot 9, block . Spreckels sub
division of ■ blocks A. B ; and V, Park Hill
Homestead No. 2; 129C0.
Union Coursing Park Pre
sented a Lively
Scene.
Money Was Freely Played and
Short- Enders Were
Happy.
Fleet-Footed Susie Met With an Ac
cident and Was Not Inside
the Purse.
The betting ring and grand stand at
the Union Coursing Park was packed al
most to the limit yesterday with an en- j
thusiastic audience. It was estimated i
that more money went into the pool
boxes during the day than ever before I
since the opening of the park. The weath
er was the only drawback, as the hares
and hounds were in good condition with
but few exceptions, and many short end
players caught some easy money in at
least three instances.
Some of the best courses were between
Sportsman and Bonita, Mercy May and j
Chartist and Lissak and Rosette in the'!
fourth ties. Bonita won the course with '
the betting as good as two to one as did |
Chartist. It was when the fleet footed
Susie went down before Terrona that the
talent received a blow which was hard to
recover from. During the first ties Susie
broke her tail by turning near the fence.
As she came around with a great deal i
of speed the accident happened, and it is |
probably due to loss of blood that she j
made such a poor showing with Terrona, i
although it is admitted that Terrona is :
full of vim. As has happened on many
previous occasions Curtis & Sons won the
purse, which was divided between Cav
alier and Rosette. On Saturday and Sun
day an open al'.-age stake, S2 50 entrance,
$500 added, and a puppy stake, $2 50 en- i
trance, $100 added will be run off. The ;
drawing will be held on Wednesday even- ;
ing at 909 Market street.
This is how it happened:
First ties— R. L. Lee's Coralie beat Q. Van j
Hummell's Chit Chat, Curtis & Son's Rosette I
beat Pasha kennel's Santa Alecia, Curtis & j
Son's Commodore beat Al Austin's Douglas,
R. L. Lee's Crow Dog beat John Kerrigan's !
St. Lawrence. L). Ford's Bonita beat E. V.
Sullivan's Sportsman. Curtis & Son's Chartist
beat E. V. Pullivan's Mercy May. M. Murphy's
Tod Sloan beat R. E. de B. Lopez' Green Val
ley Maid, Curtis & Son's Cavalier beat R. B. ;
Kay's Diana, T. Butler's Susie beat S. E.
Portal's Gallagher. Scott & Glaason's Terrona
beat J. Seggerson's White Chief, Pasha ken
nel's Firm Friend beat George Whitney's
Theron, Scott & Qlasson's Magic beat Sim
mons & Donahue's Mountain Beauty, Simmons !
& Donahue's Rusty Gold beat Scott & Glas
son'B Joy Bells, A. Johnson's Lissak beat R. j
E. de B. Lopez' Waratah.
Second ties— Rosette beat Coralie, Crow Dor i
beat < 'ommodore, Chartist beat Bonita, Cava- !
!i<>r beat Tod Sloan, Terrona beat Susie. Magic
beat Firm Friend, Lissak beat Rusty Gold.
Third ties— Rosette beat Crow Dog, Chartist
beat Terrona, Cavalier beat Magic, Lissak a
bye.
Fourth ties— Rosette beat Gallagher, Cavalier
beat Lissak.
A Good Day at L.os Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March 13.—Notwith
standing the fact that there was a high
wind and lots of dust, a very good crowd
of people ventured out to Agricultural j
Park to see the ties and finals of yester
day's coursing run off. The rough
weather did not seem to affect the sport •
at all, as there were some very good j
races, several dogs scoring an exception- |
ally large number of points.
As a special feature Fritz Lacy rode,
paced by a tandem ridden by Palmer and
Muzzy, a quarter-mile dash. The time
made was 2694 seconds.
The race between two fox terriers,
Fritz and Swipes, was very amusing. The
little fellows ran splendidly and made the
entire circuit of the tield without turning
a hair, Swfrpes winning amid the cheers
and laughter of the crowd, who took very
kindly to the sport.
In the run off Ormonde beat Poker Da
vis; Kitty Scott beat Wkite Chief; B B
and B beat Cyclone; Little Pearl beat
Fleet; Monday Morning beat Rag Baby;
D V H beat Orpheum Lass; Snooze beat
Ouida; Romeo beat Winona; Blue Bird
beat Here We Are; Trip beat Kentucky
Girl; Lucky Jack beat Joe; ABC beat
Galley Boy.
In the first ties Kitty Scott beat Or
monde; B B and B beat Little Pearl;
Monday Morning beat D V II; Romeo
beat Snooze; Trip beat Blue Bird; ABC
beat Lucky Jack.
In the second ties Kitty Scott beat B
B and B; Romeo beat Monday Morning
after two ties; ABC beat Trip.
In the third ties Romeo beat Kitty
Scott; Shamrock, a bye, beat ABC.
In the finals ABC beat Romeo, with
Romeo second, Kitty Scott third; the rest
divided.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Jones. Sacto D Phillips, Cal
8 R Carpenter, Stock C Jansen & w, Denver
J Higglns, Stockton | C A Brlggs, Boston
J C Bailey, Dixon G M Carpenter.L Ang
R Freeman, San Jose F J Lease, Michigan
J Olsen, Vallejo M W Townsend, Mich
C Randall, Suisun E C Cornwell, Mich
J Crowley, Fresno W D Smith &w, Hono
O Sullivan, Visalla G P Wells&w.Huenm
D M Matson, Haywd E W White, N V
H C Hemaley, S Diegj
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W E Carrol, Chicago: G H Aberly, Berkely
S S Smith & w.Sacto E H Fuller, San Jose
N P Black, Clevelnd ■ E B Gray, Chicago
J G Wllliams&w.Wy C C Williams, D C
S J KUHor, Wyu ! X Griest, Los Ang
W P Htein, Stockton Marie Leslie. N V
A W Brooks, Stocktn , Bessie Phillips, N" T
G W Connor, Seattle J W World, N V
C A Carpenter, N YE H Mj-an, Minn
M t) Arthur, Vallejo E C Heard, Eureka
H D Ford, U S N J B Miller. N V
N H McLean, L Ang J F Parks, Jackson
A R Crow, Sacto i R Goraean, Los Ang
J James &, w, Sacto |C P Wilson & w. La
H V Scanlan &w.NY|J P Seymour. Chicgo
G S Lewis, Berkeley E W Weaver, Hldbrg
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs P Davis, CoultrviF Cole. Los Angeles
F L Cole, Los Ang A Newhouse, Fresno
T A Lockwood&w.Chg C Tullock, KnightsFr
C W Morton. Sacto T Ray, N V
Mrs H Bookson.SJose D O Wade&w, Boston
Mrs Rogers, Chicago Mrs E Dowling, Bostn
C F Warren, Salt Lk J A Dowling. Boston
R N Bulla, Los Ang E Gilman, Oroville
H E Brown, Los Ang Mrs A Frisse, Sacto
J Chandler, San Jose Mrs A Swenson, Sacto
F W Taylor, Berkely A Rummelsburp. Cal
F Sanford, Vallejo : J Loot. Williams
W P Giles, r S N W H Lumsden.S Rosa
J H Godfrey, Los An«? F Cunningham. Oal
H H Shelberg.KansC R X Colcord, Carson
Mrs J Heard. Medfrd C M Simpson, Pasdna
C H Allerton.Marysvl F Plerson, N V
N Jones & w.Chicago F Monahan.w&s, Ndls
F Thienen, Bacto ;B N Greely, Lake Val
W Walker, Sacto ;L Heilbron, Sacto
E Arnold & w.SLouis E M Manning, Phila
PALACE HOTEL.
C E Shaver. Phoenix Miss I, Welsh. Phila
T A James&w. Phila ■■ J Wharton, Phila
C J Yoe & w, Chicago H I Johnson & w, N V
D F Warnock, Chicago Miss Gomph, N V
A Sewell, Maine C W Collier, N V
C F Chandler. Boston W A Farish. Denver
W S Pullman, Chicago G M Knight. Mass
L H Wither, M*ch E M O'Brien. Montreal
W Barnhardt, Mich L B Cox, Portland
J W Emery, Quincy H M Beale, Portland
H J Relling, Chicago S Cantowitr. Chicago
A B West. Stanford N Baume. N Zealand
E B Stone & w, Cal S Garrett, Pa
Nellie de Valln, S Rat >M Jones & w, Chicago
D Stone, NY I L Nickelsburg, N V
C R Rosenberg, Phila iJ P Roseman. Dawson
X C Miller, Phial W P Smith*w,Hono
Miss Beatty, Phila ; Rev yon Ryn&w,Hono
Mrs Albertson. Newark! G Wilson & w. China
H Hespers&w. Newark; A Hodenpyl &w, Mich
Miss Meall. Maryland C M Heald Mich
Mrs Fletcher. Ir.d Q P Wantz, Mich
Miss Fletcher. Ir.d J R Ramsey, Chink
Miss F Fletcher, lnd S E Bowen, Conn
Miss Dickey. lnd |G Adams &w, London
Miss E Dickey, lnd ID E Simon &w. N V
Miss Jayne. Pa T Griffin & f, Chicago
Mrs H C Starr. Pa H Griffin. Chicago
MNs M E Oliver, Pa R Ortman&w, Chicago
P H C Brierley. My W R Eastlack. China
Miss Brierley, Md T Williams. Phila
CJ Bodenstein, Phila J Eberhardt, Warsaw
L A Curtists, Southport D Chee & w, London
C Brytan. N V C Morse & w, Chicago
G W Stratton. Altoona J Morse, Chicago
G E Slratton. Altoona S Kubota, Jupan
Mrs Evans, Phila M Shiraisha. Japan
Nellie Evans, Phila X Miyairia. Japan
Miss Garrett, Phila X Armastu. Japan
Miss Z Garrett, Phila A G Dunn. Seattle
J M Atwood, NY F H HuHchart, dnn
C A Hedden, N iV J X Harmon. Chicago
A A Grßnt, New Ilex A C Harmon. Chicago
C H Morse&w. Chicago I C Lor.gbridge, Chicago
Miss Morse, Chicago [Mrs Waldron. Chicago
Mrs Welsh, Phil* I Miss X Welsh. PblU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898.
PEPPERING
THE TARGETS
Riflemen Have a Busy
Day at Shell Mound
Park.
J. E. Gorman of the Columbia
Club Does Some Fine
Shooting.
Naiiorml Guard Companies Hold
Their Regular Monthly
Shoots.
A cold north wind tore down the ranges
at Shell Mound yesterday and chilled the
riflemen to the marrow. But even this
could not daunt the shooting enthusiasts,
j who peppered the targets almost until the
setting of the sun. The German societies
were well represented and one or two
companies of the National Guard held
their monthly shoots. The Columbia
Rifle and Pistol Club was out in force,
and despite the disfavoring elements
some remarkable scores were made.
On the pistol range J. E. Gorman dis
tinguished himself with a score of 29 in
ten shots, and by it won the Siebe pistol
medal. This score on the Columbia tar
j get equals an average of 2 9-10, a remark
able performance. On the rifle range
McLaughlin took the honors with a score
of 48. This is a record.
The scores of the German shooting
clubs are as follows:
Independent Rifles— Lieutenant J. Staude 41.
! Lieutenant E. Moenning 34, Sergeant C. Korn
beck 38; corporals— G. W. Mitchell 43. C. An-
I drews and J. A. Stars 39. C. Andrews 40, C.
i Schneider 34; privates— E. Jacobson 42, J. H.
' Kuhlke 31, J. Minderman 37, H. Staude 33.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein held
their monthly shoot, with the following
result:
Champion medal, F. P. Schuster. 434; first
and second classes were not filled; third class
medal, Henry Ptelling, 406, fourth class medal.
!E. H. Goetze, 372, for the third time. Best
I first shot. J. W. Goetze, 24; last best shot. L..
i Bendel. 24.
Xorddeutscher Schuetzen Club held its
monthly bullseye shoot and the following
; is the score:
: O. Lemke, 257; J. Lankemau, 408, H. Huber.
' 508; J. D. Heise. 573; H. Stelling, 658; W.
Morken, 535; J. Thode, S4l; J. Gefkin, 854; W.
Oottschalk, 1235; J. De "Witt, 1256; J. Woebcke.
1307; F. C. Rust. 1317.
Germania Schuetzen Club monthly medal
i shoot— First champion class, P. B. Faktor,
' 428; second champion class, H. Huber, 377;
i first class, C. F. Rust, 366; second class. J.
Gefken, 273; third class, D. Salsfleld, 29C. First
', best shot, J. Utschigr, 22; last best shot, H.
Zt-oker. 23.
National Guards, Companies C and G. 200
yards— Kinked 33, Weatherby 44. Waltham 44.
Swsaey 3S, Williams 41, Fawke 27, Meyer 43, i
I'mfre'd 39. Hicks 40, Petty 33, Martin 34. Lar
sen 37, l>abney 20, W. D. Stewart 13, 9. H.
Stewart 20, 'Wilson 34. Neumann 37, Deppen
32. Musgxave 37, Mason 39. Carson 32, SutllfTe j
43, English 28, Northrup 42, Menzel 33, Hell- ;
broun 37, Grant 41. Smith 36. Nelson 34, Povey |
42, Kennedy 42. Ross 37, Hirsh 44. McGilvery
40, Armstrong 20. Cosbie 19. Muller 35, Norton
44. Butler 2U. Howe 42, Bautz 25, Atkins 35,
Swttzer 42.
300 yards— Menzel 37. Ross 27, Heilbroun 22,
T'nfrwi 32. Hirsh 37, Norton 44. Weatherby 42,
Switzer 33. Waltham 33 IJ.l J. McGilvery 30, Pov«\v ]
41, Hicks 32, Meyer SS. Kennedy 30, Deppin 33,
Newman 29, Musgrrave 39.
500 yards— M«nzel 36, Povey 28, T'mfred 31,
Heilbroun 24. Hirpton 41, 'Weatherby 6, Hicks
39, Waltham 33, Norton 41. Switzer 16. Meyer
42, Kennedy 31, Neumann 35, Deppin 32, Mus
grave 37. Carson 27.
Company F, First Regiment, at 200 yards —
Dv Fresme 19, Hubbard 12. .Tones IS, Doscher
34. Hawks 33. Powe 26, Homer 14. B. H.
Hawks 30. Paul 32. Raine 31, Irvinp 3?. New
man 32. Turton 32. Brown 40, Nippert 39,
I>ever IS, Alpers 24. Payne 25. Hopkins 36,
Mi.-kol 25, J. A. Miller 31. Clarke 38. Hifrgins
29. Varney 34, C. Connor 25. Cleveland 15, Iver
son 35. Fitzgerald 28. Willard 38, Shoupe 38,
Cook 42, Cutlar 33, Fields 35.
The scores of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifle Club are as follows:
Members rifle medal— J. E. Gorman, 55, TB.
Bushnell military rifle medal— E. Jacobson,
49, 45.
All-comers' rifle medal— D. W. McLaucrhlln,
46; J. O. Y.iung, 57; A. H. Pape, 48, 50, 57; F.
E. Mason, 57.
For members only (rifle), champion class —
McLaughiin. 48* Pape, 50: Gorman, 88.
First class— A. B. Don-ell. 61; C. M. Dalss,
86: J. E. Gorman, SB.
Second class— G. M. Barley, 107: G. Mannell,
111; Mrs. White, 199; M. J. White. 131.
McLaughlin's 48 averages on a 4.8-inch
circle is the best record made in single
entry class scores to date, though beaten
in the re-entry matches.
Pistol scores, champion class — Gorman, 3S;
Pape, 41; Dorrell, 46; White, 47; Young, 52;
Dalss, 58.
First cla^s — Mason, s(i: Barley, 79.
Second classy-Mrs. White, 56; Huiteman, 66;
Cody. 97.
Third class — Jonas, 69: Cosgrave. 82; Mrs.
Mannel!. 10ft; G. Mannell, 122; Mrs. Waltham,
132: A. Dorfa. 125.
Slebe medal— Gorman. 29. 45. 47; F. O. Young:,
45 47; A. B. Dorrell, 45; Daiss, 45; Huitman,
49.
Roos trophy for ladles — Mrs. Waltham, 53;
Mrs. White, 67: Mrs. Mannell, 67.
Mrs. White beat the ladies' record (her
own) of 58 in class single entry by mak
ing 5.6-inch circle at 50 yards off hand,
beating many of the best male pistol
shots of the club.
Lectures by the Y. M. I. Bureau.
The Rev. Honry Woods of St. Ignatius
College will deliver a lecture on the sub
ject of "Explosives, Physically and
Chemically Considered," at St. Ignatius
Hall, on Van Ness avenue and Grove
street, next Tuesday evening, under the
auspices of Columbia Council No. 55.
Professor Edward Howard Griggs of
Stanford University will deliver an inter
esting and instructive lecture the follow
ing week, March 23, on the subject Of
"Shakespeare." "tinder the auspices of
Mission Council No. 3. Admission will be
restricted to Invitations, which will be
distributed by members of the council
among their friends.
■ ♦ •
NEWSPAPER THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Frandßco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES—S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
816 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until !':3O o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
ALVINE HALL and assistant, genuine cabinet
baths. 15,4 Turk st. and 1118 Market, rooms
16-16. ■
MISS L. STANLEY, manicure and alcohol
baths. 7 Grant aye., rooms 1-2-8.
MISS MAY'S genuine massage, ; baths, alcohol
and Turkish. 536 Kearny st., room 9.
MRS. DR. NlCE— Genuine steam vapor ; cabi-
net baths, .11. 17 A Sixth St., -room 1. :
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
- cabinet . baths. 116 Taylor st.
ANIMALS, . birds and reptiles - bought, ; sold
and exchanged. "•- Address , FRANK •C. ' BOS-
TOCK, the Zoo, San Francisco. : ...
MRS. . SHELTON, genuine ; steam and cabinet
baths. 806 Market St., room 22.
BAD tenants ejected for 14; collections made;
; city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery ; st., room 6; . tel. 5&80. ,
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. . 120V4 Geary. St., .room 11. ,
ROOMS papered, 12 BO up; whitened, $1 up.
2808 Twenty- St., or 239 Third st. ■
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 2, 116 A Grant aye. ; elec-
trlclan; alcohol, Turkish baths; unrivaled.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent :to ' any r address »■ In the United
States or Canada one year for 11 50, postage
Ire*. ,-...- v- .■■■-■•:■, :,.-.-.:"---■-- ■■:■•;:■>■■■'-. .:■.-,/ .-.~-; — •-,
MEETING NOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal; m
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- _JV_
ING. M. M. degree. H. G. PRINCE, TKJf
':■'.'■■ ' Secretary. f^W >
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. & A. ft
M.— Called meeting for THIS (MON- _J\-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First TZJt
degree. By, order of the W. M- *▼>
GEO. ROOT. Sec. GEO. W. TURNER.
6T. PATRICK'S day celebration— »><»
Irish national holiday will be cele- T^VjP
brated on a. magnificent scale at the '; Bw|
Chutes on THURSDAY, March • 17, :v e *rifli
under the auspices of the County > Hr
Leitrim Social Club. Balloon ascension and
literary exercises afternoon. Grand display
of fireworks at night. Irish historical sub-
jects, including figures of Robert Emmet and
other Irish martyrs.
A. O. H. Division No. The twenty- fe^n-j^
ninth grand annual ball of. this dl- \av«|
vision will be given at B'nai B'rith W,\|
Hall. 119 Eddy st.. on THURSDAY.
St. Patrick's night. March 17. 1598."*^6
Music by Hibernia Band. Admission tickets,
gentlemen EOc, ladles free. Cald mille faiune.
BARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Rec. Bee.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from John E. Burton, in the Green
Mountain mine, near Mokelumne Hill, Cala-
\-eras County, to deposit tailings in Chile
Gulch; from the Harvllle Mining Company,
In the Harville mine, near Placervllle, El Do-
rado County, to deposit tailings in Martinez
Creek; from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill
mine, near Spanish Ranch. Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek, and
from the Star of Plumas Water and Mining
Company, in the Star of Plumas placer mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings in a ravine, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on March 28,
1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Western
Sugar Refining Company will be held at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., San
Francisco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the 28th day
of March, 1898. at the hour of 12 m.,
for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, March
18, IS9S. at 12 o'clock m.
.-■:■■ ROBERT OXNARP. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 63 (forty
cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Co. will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Monday, March 21, 1898. Transfer books will
close on Tuesday, March 16. 1898, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
GERMAN second girl and nurse, lately from
the East, desires a situation. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE woman, with girl 12 years
old. wants situation as cook or housekeeper j
on ranch; best of references. Apply to
MURRAY & READY, 634 Clay St.
HOTELS, restaurants and families, we can
furnish you help satisfactorily and quickly.
Try us. C. R. HAN SEN & CO., 108 Geary.
. Tel. Grant 185. -
FIRST-CLASS French second girl desires situ-
ation or as nurse or housework; $10 to $20;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SWEDISH housegirls; strong and willing; 2
years last place; city or country. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st. ; telephone Green 721.
COMPETENT first-class woman; good refer-
ences from Russ House for nrst-clasa work; I
also from others; good housecleaner; willing
to do anything. 664 ft Howard St., room 72.
RESPECTABLE woman for cooking or house-
work; city or short distance in country; good I
references. Please call or address 20 Clipper j
St., between Church and Dolores, 25th & 26th. \
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to |
i do general housework; understands German :
: and American cooking. Call 623 Minna St.;
j »no objection to the country.
NEAT young girl wishes a situation to do gen-
, eral housework and cooking: wages $20.
Please call at 106 Morris aye., between Fifth
and Sixth sts., off Bryant.
WANTED by 2 respectable girls, one as cook
in restaurant or boarding-house and one as
second girl or waitress. Call 206 Leaven-
worth st.
SWEDISH girl, quite experienced, wishes sit-
uation; good cook and housework: city ref-
erences. 109 Grant aye., room 16, second
floor.
GIRL to do housework in a small family. I
Inquire 17 New Montgomery st., under
Grand Hotel.
"WOMAN wants work by day washing or iron-
Ing or housecleaning. Apply 11 Kate st.
SWEDISH girl wants ■ position in an Amer-
ican family to do light housework. Address j
letters to E. E., 504 Third st.; no postals.
GERMAN Employment Office, MRS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st., tel. Main 5332, fur-
nishes most reliable help of all nationalities.
SITUATION wanted; young German girl: gen-
eral housework; wages $20. Address New At-
lantic Hotel. Paclnc and Montgomery sts.
WANTED— by competent woman as
first-class cook and laundress; good refer-
ences; city or country. Call at 362 Jessie st.
SITUATIONS wanted by 2 good girls for house-
work. Call 1409'-^ Buchanan st.
WANTED Positlca as housekeeper by a school j
teacher who has tlr*d of the Sduties: of 10
years' experience. Address box 2150 Call.
AN experienced German cook and second girl
desire positions in same family; American j
preferred. Box 2165, Call office.
STYLISH dressmaker wishes engagements;
$1 60 per day; pints made in 2 days; good
titter. Address 36 Lexington aye.
DRESSMAKING tailor, work by the day or at
home. MISS FIT/PATRICK, 1518 California.
2 SWEDISH girls wish positions together, one
as cook and one as second girl; first-class ref-
erences. Call Monday and Tuesday at 1104
Mission st., room 26.
PLACE for light work by a girl who can sew
well; good references; small wages; city or ;
country. Call or address M. F., 206 Fifth st. I
RESPECTABLE girl wishes situation at house-
work; plain cooking. Apply at 1816 ft Post st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker desires a few more
engagements; good cutter and fitter; $1 25 per
day; no objection to country- Address box
■ 2036, Call office.
ELDERLY Protestant woman wants work; is
a good plain cook; any distance In country-
Address 22U Seventh st.
RESPECTABLE young lady of refinement and
education wishes position as invalid' b nurse;
excellent seamstress; would travel if required; 1
can furnish highest reference. Address box ■
2164, Call office.
YOUNG girl wants a position as waitress in a
private hotel or boarding house. Box 2038,
Call office.
WOMAN would like to obtain a situation;
lately from the East: good cook;- not afraid
of work. Call 912 Howard St., near Fifth.
GOOD woman wishes situation to do general
housework; city or country; plain cook and
laundress. 235 Minna st.
RESPECTABLE lady would like position as
housekeeper; clt--. Box 2025,- Call Office.
YOUNG lady, competent bookkeeper and
stenographer, wants position as such; can
give very best reference and bond If neces-
sary. Address box 2027, Call Office.
PIANISTE wishes engagement for evening;
quick reader; experienced. Address box 5,
Hayes-st. branch Call office, 339 Hayes st.
NEAT young woman, good cook, wishes to go
to Klondike. Box 2031, Call office.
RELIABLE, trustworthy woman desires situ-
ation; light housework with small private
family. Call or address MRS. F., 657 How-
ard st.
COMPETENT girl wants situation to do gen-
eral housework; city or country. Call 1205
Laguna st.
WOMAN wants situation to do general house-
work; good plain cook: kind to children;
good references. 26 Minna St., bet. First I
and Second.;
STYLISH dressmaker wishes re-engagement :
$1 50; good fitter; dresses made over; suits
made in two days. L., 1941 Mission st.
SITUATION wanted by a young married wo-
man with a child 8 months old; a place in a
private family; wages not so much an object
as a -home. Call or address MRS. M. JOHN-
SON. Newport Hotel room 8, corner Frank-
lln and Oak sts.
LADY desires . position as housekeeper, nurse
or traveling companion; city or country. Ad-
dress 131 Montgomery St., room 21.
YOUNG German woman wishes working house-
. keeper's position or •to do plain mending.
8198 Howard St., room 3. ' ' :' -
REFINED woman would like chamber work
or housework, 2 . or . 3 in family, where ■ she
would be treated same as family. 1219 Mission.
WANTED— Situation as linen woman or
straight chamber work In hotel; country pre-
ferred; best .city references. Address C. L.
R., 327 Clementina st. ".■ . - v ..- ' " '■'-.
WANTED— By . a first-class cook, a position In
private "family or small boarding house. Call
_or address 1024 Jackson at. v - .■•■■■■ ■-,-
PRACTICAL and thoroughly first-class ladles'
: tailor .; from ■■ Paris, London and - New ' York,
with some good experience in cutting and
fitting, wants a situation In a first-class
house. Box 1600. Call office. . '
WANTED— trustworthy woman, a situa-
tion as chambermaid; city or country. 110
" Sixth st. .: •■ <■■ .-'■. - • • .-.;• . . •:•'-• >-.
YOUNG lady wishes housekeeper's position or
• ; do ' plain mending. 1104 Mission * St.. corner
■ of Seventh, room law . ••: .
SITUATIONS W ANTED— Continued.
LADY wishes housekeeper's position or plain
mending. 122 Taylor St., room 9.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as housekeeper
or do chamber work. 989 Howard St., cor.
Sixth, room 14.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
SITUATIONS IVANTED— MALE.
EMPLOYERS of help can select their men at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 108 Geary St. If
you live in the country we can select them
j for you, satisfactorily and quickly. Cut this
j out for reference. Telephone Grant 185.
I CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office; house
cleaning; tel. Grant 56. Geo. Aoki, 30 Geary.
j JAPANESE Employment Bureau— Choice help;
tel. East 777. SOS Geary st.
JAPANESE employment office; work day.
hour or evening. 122% OFarrell; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414 ft O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclng Co. 1808 Polk; tel. Polk 422.
YOUNG man wants situation; any work; un-
derstands horses, cows, garden; state the
wages. J. A. MACDONALD. 214 Third BU;
references.
RELIABLE boy, age 16, residing with his
parents, German, wants to learn a trade or
work In store; best of references. Address
box 2108, Call office.
SWEDISH — A first-class coachman and gar-
dener wishes a situation in a private family;
can milk also: can give the best of refer-
ences. Box 2184, Call office.
YOUNG man with good mechanical ideas would
like a position as assistant in some machine
j shop: good references. Address box 2109, Call.
i BIG, strong young man wants situation in
wholesale house; references. LONGFELLOW.
214 Third nt.
I YOUNG married man wants situation as
waiter; city or country. A. R. KING, 959
Folsom st.
i BOY 16 yars old would like position in West-
ern Addition: can give references. Call or
address 2436 Post st.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter, was foreman in Job
shop for 8 years, would like steady position
of any kind; wages no object. Address Car-
_ penter, 36.". 1 Nineteenth St.. city.
AS nurse or valet to gentleman; gives massage;
best of references. Valet, box 2162, Call office.
1 POSITION of trust by young man. age 30; ca-
pable of taking entire charge of private
place; is good gardener; references. Box 2046,
Call office.
HARNESS maker wants situation; city or
country. 953 ft Howard st.
MAN wishes position as cook In hotel or board-
_lng^Jiouse: country preferred. Box 2059, Call.
BOOKKEEPER, aged 26, 7 years'^TxperienceT
I references, desires position with manufactur-
ing or wholesale concern; moderate salary,
with chance for advancement. X., box 25,
Call office.
MAN wants situation as gardener or to take
care of horses; handy about the house. 709 ft
Buchanan st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 2".c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from fer-y.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FEMALE HELP "WANTED.
TWO second girls, across the bay, $20 and
$25; German chambermaid and nurse. $2S; 2
laundresses and chambermaids, $25 and $30;
6 cooks In German and American families,
$25; cook, priv* boarding house, $25; laun-
dress, assist waiting, hotel. $20; 2 kitchen
helpers, $15; 3 waitresses, hotels, etc, $20. and
girls of all nationalities for cooking and
housework In city and country, j. p. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
BLANCHE GEDDES. please call or write to
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ICB Geary st.
THREE waitresses for a water resort In South-
ern California, $20 each; 5 waitresses for
Santa Barbara. $20; 2 waitresses, same coun-
try town, $22 50 and $20, fares advanced; 2
sisters or friends for the same country hotel,
$35 for the two. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
IRONER, ladies' wear, $23 and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
GERMAN cook, $25; housegirl, $20, see party
here; 7 housegirls, city, no; ranch cook, fare
laid; call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
NTRPEGIRL. 1 child; call early. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
FRENCH cook, $40; 2 German cooks. $35. MISS
jCULI.hn, KB Sutter rt.
WAITRESS and chambe.Tnald. $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls, $25 and $20; nurse, $20; 10
housework girls, city and country, $20 and
|36; 6 young girls, assist, $10 to $13. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
REFINED German second girl, country, $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FKKXCH girl, tend counter, restaurant, $20,
sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
REFINED North German second girl, $23.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
WANTED — Two laundresses for the country,
$30; German cook, $30; German girl for house-
work, small family, $22 50: French or Ger-
man nursery governess, $30; 2 French girls
for second work and sewing. $20; girls for
housework, $20. $15, $12. LEON ANDRE.
30S Stockton st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $22 50. fare paid;
laundress and assist with chamberwork,
country hotel, $20: neat woman, good cook
and housework, country, $25. MURRAY &
READY. leading Employment Agents, 634-
636 Clay st.
COOK, $30. American family; German second
girl, $20 to $25; German housegirl, $23; Irish
houseprlrl, $25; micidle-aged woman, country,
$20; housegirl, Merced, 2 in family. $25: young
girl, light work, $12. MRS. NORTON, 323
Sutter st.
FREE service; working girls do not pay any
fees or other charges to obtain good homes
through the Clerks' Exchange, 1023 Market.
THE best homes in the city: girls for San Jose,
Portland, Los Angeles, through 1023 Market.
SEVERAL excellent positions for young ladles
now open. 1023 Market St.
SALESLADIES, bookkeepers, clerks, type-
writers secure splendid places, small cost.
1023 Market st.
COOKS, chambermaids, waitresses, pantry
girls, storeroom girls, all secure places at
1023 Market st.
"HELLO White 934" when you want a thor-
oughly reliable general house servant; ref-
erences systematically investigated; or call
at 1018 Washington St., Oakland.
GIRL for upstairs work, $20; 2 nursegirls, $15;
3 cooks, $23: 15 girls for housework. MRS.
HIRD. 631 Larkin st.
GIRLS of all nationalities wanted to fill vari-
ous positions. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell.
WAITRESSES and chambermaids for coun-
try hotel, $20. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny.
WANTED — A competent German or Scandina-
vian girl for cooking and downstairs work;
wages $25. Apply 9 to 12, 1824 Pacific aye.
WANTED— A respectable girl for housework
and plain cooking; wages $10 to Sl2; sleep
home. Apply at French bakery, 402 Pacific.
WANTED— GirI for general housework and
cooking. German preferred. 1316 Ellis st.
GIRL for general housework, 3 adults; easy
place: wages $10. 2621 Pine st.
FINISHERS wanted on custom coats. 604 Jes-
sie st., cor. Seventh.
WANTED — Experienced waist hand. 1284
O'Farrell st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages
$15. 1614 O'Farrell St.. 9 to 12.
WANTED Good pants finisher. c«n at 102
Minna st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 139
Larkin st., merchant tailor.
GERMAN girl for light housework and assist
in care of baby. 755 Eddy; call bet. 9 and 11.
GIRL for cooking; mast be good cook; wages
$20. 1522 Post st.
WOMAN wanted to work in kitchen; must un-
derstand cooking. 13 Polk st.
OPERATORS on gent's white shirts steady
work. 521 Valencia st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. MADAM
FLAMANK, 823 Sutter St.
LADY canvasser wanted; lucrative position for j
the right party. Call at 13G Ellis st. Monday
morning, between 9 and 11.
WANTED— I 2 lady canvassers at 1430 Folsom
St.; an up-to-date article; salary or commis-
sion. Call at 9 a. m. Monday.
APPRENTICE on coats; paid while learning.
Box 1480, Call office.
EXPERIENCED (rl-ivemnkers; making through-
out. CARSON GLOVE CO., So Market st.
YOUNG girls will be taught to make shirts.
BRBNNER-ULMAN CO.. 13 Battery st.
OPERATORS on shirts; steady work; good
pay. HRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 19 Battery.
GOOD help, also apprentices, on high grade
ladles' suits. HENRY WERTH Ladies-
Tailor, 1106 Leavenworth st., near California.
WANTED- Experienced shirt operators. Ap-
ply EAOLBBON * CO., 535 Market st.
COAT finishers on custom coats; steady work.
10< Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on wrappers, etc H.
FUIKULA.NDEU, 32S Fell «U
HELP WAJJO Continued.
FIRST-CLASS hair dresser wanted at 111
Stockton st. G. LEDERER.
GIRL on coats for hand and machine. 473 Te-
hama st. "•■ ■■' : ' :-.': -.' ' ' -■ :.- -~ .'." -.- - .
GIRL for housework, $10 a month. 2306 Sutter.
OPERATORS on steam power sewing machines
to make Levl Strauss & Co. riveted cloth-
ing. Apply MR. DAVIS, 32& Fremont st.
L-VDIES — Sunny, rooms: respectable house;
from 25c night and $1 50 week. 142 Seventh st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c. MCDOWELL'S, 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
St.: perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 14 McAllister
st. ; monthly troubles, private diseases, etc.
MALE HELP WANTED. w^_
WANTED— turner and machine man for
country. $3 day: foreman farmer and wife.
$45 and $50: 5 choppers. $40; 4 timber fellers,
$45: 3 barkers. $35: 4 crosscut sawyers. $35; 10
laborers about mill and woods, .$2O, $25; tie-
makers and woodchoppers, going wages:
milker, $20; 3 boat builders, $3 50 day; ship
carpenters, and others. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento at.
WANTED— Errand and office boy for country.
$7 and found, first and second cooks, first-
class house, $106: oook, country hotel, $65;
waiter, country hotel, $30; night cook and
waiter, $30; restaurant cook, no Sunday work,
$8 week, and others. Apply to J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
TO THE WOODS ■
Three head choppers, $45 par month and
found: 3 second choppers, $40 per month and j
found; 6 bark peelers, $30 per month and i
found; for an exceptionally good company; j
185 woodchoppers, . red. pine, oak and man-
zanita wood. $1 25. $1 10. $1. 70c cord, for dif-
ferent companies and counties! S6 shingle
bolt makers, $1 50 cord; 565 tiemakers, Sc, 90,
10c and 12c each. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
EMPLOYERS
Do you want first-class help? Then send to
us for same. Supplied from our offices "free
of charge." MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay St.: tel. Main 5848.
BARTENDER, "German," $45 to $50 and
found, city Job; 5 cooks for different places,
$35, $45 and $50; ranch cook for 3 men and do
chores; 3 waiters. $25, $20 and $7 week; 3 dish-
washers, $15 to $20: young man as bartender,
assist in office and run to train for a small
country hotel, $20 and found, see boss here;
baker, country hotel. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay St.
_ ; 25
FARM, orchard and vineyard hands wanted
for different places, $20 and $15: 6 dairymen,
milkers, butter-makers, $20, $25 and $18; 3
choreboys for ranches, $8 and $10: farmer and
wife, south, $30. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
HOP yards and fields; 10 laborers and farm
hands, $26 per month, Napa County: man
with . some knowledge of wagon woodwork,
$20 and found and increase; young man for
vegetable and flower garden, see boss here.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St. .
BLACKSMITH helper and wife to do plain
cooking. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
OYSTER opener, $35 and found; waffleman
and toast maker, $35: both for a country ho-
tel, free fare, call early. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
BAKER and pastry cook, country hotel, $50.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel, $60;
baker, $30: cook for a lumber camp, $20, boss
here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
THREE waiters, country hotel, $35 and free
fare; 2 waiters, with dress suits. $35; Ameri-
can plan waiter, $35; 4 waiters, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary St.
PORTER, country hotel. $25: must do some
gardening. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
MARKER and distributor. $30 and found;
starcher and polisher, $30 and found: Ironer.
$25 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
GROCERY clerk, country, $65; Eastern man
preferred; must be a gentleman of education;
apply in person ■ Monday morning. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
BARBER, country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary St.
TO go to-morrow, half fare paid, for Eureka;
3 head choppers, $43 and board; 3 second
choppers. $40 and board: 6 bark peelers, $30
and board; see boss in town. R. T. WARD
& CO., 608-610 Clay St.
6 ESTABLISLHED Pacific Coast offices now
available to San Francisco members without
extra cost; 1 fee of less than 10c per week; if
you are a stranger, without connections, in
Los Angeles or elsewhere, our office will se-
lect rooms and board and furnish service to
secure. employment; investigate.. 313 Bush st.
EVERY member of the Clerks' Exchange en-
ters into a contract to assist the exchange in
all honorable ways to assist themselves; the
largest week's business on record just closed;
substantial evidence of its popularity and
indorsement by intelligent people, free and
Independent to act for themselves: call and
investigate; orders now open. 313 Bush St.
THE Clerks' Exchange employs competent can-
vassers to work for members; advertises for
members; gives benefit of branch office or-
ders free of expense: refunds money if fall-
ing to suit; gives 1 or 2 months' trial; pays
all members for information that secures po-
sitions for others; investigate; the only mem-
bership contract agency on coast. 313 Bush.
THE Clerks' Exchange does not sell positions:
the management will not promise or guar-
ante* situations; the business is operated
strictly upon a subscription basis; investi-
gate. 313 Bush St.; 6 Pacific Coast offices;
one membership fee covers all.
LIQUOR salesman, city trade; dress goods
'salesman. South. 313 Bush st.
IV V to"^« clerks: dress goods clerks; general
store clerks; head cook. 313 Bush st.
TRAVELING salesman for gents' furnishings,
wines, gums; grocery clerk. 313 Bush st.
HOTEL clerk; bus driver: second cook: ma-
chinists; 10 young men for toys and general
departments. 318 Bush st.
WANTED — Harness-makers, stenographers and
laundress. Apply at once Free Employment
Office, 1028 Market St., room 24. ,
HEAD cook, new hotel: stableman for coun-
try; oyster opener; bellboys; elevator man;
assistant bookkeeper. 1023 Market st.
WHERE all leading business houses place or-
ders for clerks, etc. 1018 Washington St.,
Oakland; telephone White 934.
1018 WASHINGTON, Oakland, headquarters
for the most reliable and competent male
and female help for the store, office, shop
■ and hotel; telephone White 934. /
SECOND cook to help pastry, country. $20;
porter and runner, country, $20. HOTEL GA-
2ETTE. 420 Kearny st.
MAN and wife for ranch 18 miles west of Red-
■ wood woman to cook and wash; man to do
chores and general ranch work; wages $20
per month; references required. Call after
7:30 p. m. on H. STEELE, 501 Harrison st.
ENTRY clerk for wholesale clothing house:
state age, experience, references. Write box
2107, Call office.
SIX young men; long job: no experience nec-
essary; no money required. 28 Steuart st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply 24 Sutter
• St. REISS BROS.
WANTED— A good, steady barber. 797 Mission
| street.
WANTED— to rent; nice location for
!-chair shop. Box 2112, Call.
WANTED— Dishwasher, young man preferred.
32 Sixth st.
SIGN painter :to help at house work; steady
Job. 24i. Third st.
WANTED— French polisher. ■ Address, with
references, C. R., box 2114, Call Office. ,
GERMAN boy for printing office. 535 Califor-
; nia St.. . . -. '
WANTED— Good bootblack for barber shop.
Cor. California and Devisadero sts.
WANTED— boy: with experience In
blacksmith shop. Address C. S., 2113, Call. .
PAINTER wanted: must understand papering
and tinting. 410 Fifth st.
WANTED— Strong ' boy to learn cake baker
trade. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED — experienced fancy goods
and small wares. . Address O. H., box 2034,
Call office. >
WANTED— Ranch working ' foreman under a
superintendent ; pay $60 per month ; ■ house
furnished, but expected, : with wife, .to board
a few men at fair prices. . Address Ranch
box 2180, Call office.
WANTED— First-class ladies' tailor: no others
need apply. VERDIER. 944 Geary st.
COATMAKERS . wanted; steady work. 106
Battery st. '■ . . ...
WANTED — Several faithful persons to manage
our business . from ■ their own towns; salary
$900 and expenses; references; Inclose self-ad-
dressed > stamped ~ envelope. The Dominion
Company, Department N, Chicago.
GOOD ! lathe >■ hands;- boilermakers and pipe-
makers wanted by The Rlsdon - Iron Works,
Beale ' and Howard sts. . Apply Howard . St.
entrance. "* . . -■■■■ •'-." ■ '
MAN able to speak German or French In wine-
■ house as barkeeper;- also must know how to
sell goods indoors: only one of good charac-
: ter need apply. Box , 1495. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
; that . Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver : House. : 217 '* hird it. ; - 150 large
rooms; Jsc per : night; $1 to $3 per week. -
WANTED— At - Montana House, 764H Mission
• st. ." men to take rooms ; 10c, 15c and 25c ! per
night; 60c 90c and 41 per week. - * ?
HELP Continued.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United States nayy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages or
21 and 30 ■ years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and : 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting of flee, 20 Ellis st- San Francisco, Cal. >.
WANTED— IO men ' to; occupy clean rooms at '
2 nights for 25c or 75c week. 105 New Mont-
gomery st. . . ' ■ '-" '■ ..■•-'_
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office S.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant IJ6.
PROGRESSIVE Barbers' Free employment. H.
BERNARD, Secy., 102 7th; tel. 628.
FIRST-CLASS machinist-Highest wages to a
first-class workman. H. GHANG. machine
works. 105 Fremont st. ' .
AMATEUR musicians, brass and string, to
join orchestra for social purposes. Apply A.
MATTHIEU. 328 Bush st. "
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College. 138% Eighth st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av_
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night; reading-room.
free 'bus and baggage to and from -he ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard sta.
MARKET, 863^4 (Elcho House)— 20c. 25c
to 50c per night: $1 to $2 week. _
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: SI a week. __________
AGENTS WANTED. _____„_
SOLICITORS for "The Beautiful Life of Miss
Frances E. Willard"; published under the
auspices and Indorsed by the W. C. T. v.;
the only official book: prepared by Anna Gor-
don, for 21 years Miss Willard'B secretary}
beautifully illustrated; only $2; tremendous
demand; bonanza for agents; superb book;
liberal commissions; complete outfit 50c.
JOHN E. HOHAM & CO.. authorized dis-
tributors, 334 Dearborn St., Chicago, 111.
WANTED— Agents to sell Murat Halstead'S;
great Cuba book; all about Cuba, Spain and
war; great excitement; every one buys it; \
agent sold 87 In 1 day; another made $13 in
1 hour; 600 pages: magnificent illustrations,
photographs, etc.; low price: we guarantee,
the most liberal terms; freight paid; 20 days*
credit; outfit free: send 6 2-cent stamps to pa?
postage. THE BIBLE HOUSE. 324 Dearborn
St.. Chicago.
FURNITURE WANTED. *
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st.; highest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
set I ptlons and want ids taken.
PARTNERS "WANTED.
PARTNER wanted— Man to travel; must hay«
$100: big profits; exclusive novelty; no com-
petition. Call 505 Larkin st.
STRICTLY temperate man, 26 years' expe-
rience, good cook, wishes partnership in res-
taurant. Box 2054, Call Office.
ROOjIS WANTED.
ELEGANT parlors for physician wanted bet!
Stockton and Van Ness, O'Farrell and Sutter
sts.: state price. Box 2106. Call office.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
LADY will teach piano or singing in return
for room. Box 2041. Call office. -
MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— 100 goats for feeding the animals.
Address the Zoo, Chutes, city.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver. cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
MEDICAL..
ALL Ladles only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women; .
60 years" practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, priiifccy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES, 59
McAllister St.; piiis. $2. -
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy "and '
aid; instant relief for travelers; tumors re-
moved by electricity; home In confinement ;
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulating pills and capsules, $1.
MRS. DR. WEYTH. 918 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 401 Van Ness aye.— Ladies,
near or far. consult free the only doctor who
uses Schenck's method, the celebrated French
physician; a safe, sure and reliable cure for _•
all irregularities from whatever cause; re- S •
stores strength and vigor of organs; unex- "■•■
celled; if- years" practice; maternity home;
best skill, low fees; pills, $2.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fall no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never fails; consulta-
tion free: can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; consultation free: hours 10 to 5. DR
AND MRS. KOHL. HIS Market st.
A BOON to wives and mothers— price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure: $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 204ij Fourth st.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; painless extracting
free; we make a specialty of crown and
bridge work; crowns, $3 50: fillings. 50c; all
work painless and warranted 10 years; our
prices are always the lowest in town. Pa- ■
cific Dental Parlor, 18 Third st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $5 up: silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, $3 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate, open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie 1695. ■ r
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexible £
plates: light and thin: warranted ten years:
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors,2 4 Sixth st. .
NEW YORK Dentists— Painless extraction. 50c;
plates, $5; gold filling-, 75c up: silver. 25c up;
plates mended. $1 up; open evenings . and
Sundays. 969 Mission St.. Cor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st . nr. 11th:
no charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set: extracting 50c,; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
■ ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of improved bridge work or teeth •
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O1O 1 Fan-ell.
OHIO Dental Parlors have removed from 90S to
■ 819 Market St.. Academy of Sciences building,
■ rooms 30, 31 and 32. firth floor.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bid * 6th floor, : rms. ? 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st. .
SET of teeth without a . plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. •
LOST.
LOST— Between Mills building. San Francisco,
■ and Madison street, Oakland, gold watch
charm with locket effect; Masonic Order
Knight Templar, Thirty-second degree. Mal-
tese Cross and Double Eagle inscribed. Re- -
turn to G. W. - BAKER. •UK Madison st.
i Oakland, and receive reward.
LOST— Large solitaire diamond ring, either at
- Eintrucht ball or in Bay, State Restaurant on
• Stockton st. Liberal reward .if returned - 4 to
the Edinburgh; corner, Stockton and Powell.
LOST— Saturday, feather boa; reward. Ad^
dress 520 Capp st.
STORAGE. "
AT low Furniture, carpets, pianos
: household • goods; > clean, licht compartments ; .v
advances made. -J. - NOON AN,- Iyl7 to 1023 fl
Mission st:, above Sixth; open evenings. I
AT lowest Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made: fireproof building. ' F■■ W.
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint IS3I. .
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty. :BUMAES3 CHANCES.
BRANCH bakery, candles, varieties, etc;
line location; value in sight; departure cause
of sale; grandest bargain in this line. M.
LESS. 765 Market st.
1660-BAKE] and coffee saloon across the
bay; six rooms; furniture ' nclud^' -_ w "| r
owns the building; cheap rent. M. Lfc.b».
fill! 11l
iXAURAiFJ in largest manufacturing
dktrftf : of this city; receipts $58 per day;
proof furnished and trial given if you mean
business; rent only $30 M. LE3B. .65 Market.
PARTNER wanted In a commission busi-
ness ' established over 20 years, doing a good
paying business: best of references furnished;
thorough investigation allowed: must be a
steady, sober man. M. LEBB, 760 Market st.
A- $1600; old-established saloon with 15 fur-
nished rooms; doing a first-class paying busi-
ness; choicest location; close to Ellis and
Market * t*. ; net rent only $40; will sell or
exchange for property. Inquire WILKE. 783
Market St. [
A $000 GROCERY and provision store in
choicest location in Oakland; established
many years and doing good business; 4 llv-
ingr-fooms; rent $13. Inquire WILKE, 753
Market st. .
$1500— Old-established and first-class paying sa-
loon, with living-rooms, close to Kearny and
gutter sts.: actual value $2000; owner
compelled by sickness to sacrifice. WILKE,
753 Market st.
$1000- PARTNER wanted in old-established
restaurant; doing a rushing business day
and night: overwork compels owner to take
a pood, reliable man as helper. Particulars
WILKE. 7SJ Market St.
A— s7."o: OLD established restaurant, 1 block
from cor. Fourth and Market; kept by owner
years and doing a rushing, good paying busi-
ness; investigate soon. WILKE. 783 Market.
A?-$400; RESTAURANT; nicest little place in
city: $15 to $25 daily. KREDO & CO 22^
Geary st. _________
A— *:■■*>: FRENCH restaurant; well worth $1000;
value in sight; good steady business. KREDO
& CO., 224 Geary st.
A— s2so; HOME bakery; bargain at $500; noth-
ing like it ever offered. KREDO & CO . 22.4
Geary St.
A— s«o; SALOON, near city; clears $150.
$?o>— Saloon and lunch, near theaters: snap.
$•".0 — Saloon; best corner north of Market.
Money loaned. KREDO & CO.. 22 1 -, Geary ft.
A-S2000; FLORIST and nursery; beat equipped,
most popular in city. KREDO & CO., 22U
Geary st. • .
HEALY & CO.. 917 Market St., buy, sell or ex-
change business quick; partners procured.
$200— BRANCH bakery, delicatessen store; re-
ceipts $10 day; 3 rooms; bargain. HEALY,
917 Market St.
$175— BRANCH bakery, 5 rooms; pays well;
cheap rent. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market st.
$275— BRANCH bakery and variety ?_tore. 2
rooms; rent $15; best in city. HEALY &
CO., 917 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in cash business;
clears $200 month. HEALY & CO., 917 Mar-
ket st. i
CIGAR-STAND, near Baldwin Hotel $450
Fruit store; best in the city 600
Stationery store in Hayes Valley .; 500
Restaurant, best in city 300
Saloon; fine corner, down town 2000
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
$450— CORNER grocery and bar; a bargain.
$S00 — Grocery and bar; best corner in city.
$250 — Very nice cigar store; good location.
$300 Branch bakery and notions; paying well.
Also several saloons and restaurants.
At ANDERSON ft CO.'S. 777 Market st.
A CHANCE FOR A FORTUNE!!!
THE NEW WALDO HOUSE.
765 Mission, bet. Third »nd Fourth. San Fran-
cisco; 54 rooms; all new beds; on one floor;
partitions included which cost over $2000;
running full; cheap rent, long lease, privilege
of renewing same; on investment of $2000 for
1897 eighty (SO) per cent per annum was real-
ized over all expenses, which can be proved,
with even better prospects this year; for sale
on accoount of failing health and old age.
Address as above or inquire on premises.
FOR SALE— The business of the late John
Gross; the oldest established candy factory
and ice cream parlors in San Joaquln Coun-
ty. Address 25 North Eldorado St., Stockton,
Cal. '
RESTAURANT or furniture; a good French
ranire and good furniture; very cheap; must
sell dr» account of sickness; rent $7. 704
' Bryant St. j
FOR SALE Butcher business in the country;
sickness reason for selling; a bargain to a
cash customer. O. LAMPSON, West Point, i
I
OI.U-EBTABLISHED news and stationery '
Fiore and laundry office, doing good business; ;
I am going to Alaska; make offer. 101^* Fifth.
WANTED— Partner for wine cellar. 431 Bush
sts t ree •. ___^
COUNTRY blacksmith shop for sale, with all
necessary tools and stock; situated on Boul-
din Island. San Joaquin County. For further
information inquire of H. VOORMAN, 506
f% Battery st., San Francisco, or at the prem-
'." ises on Bouldin Island. ' ;
GRAND opening for one willing to go to Cleve-
land, Ohio., or Denver, Colo.; good business: :
tViOii yearly sure; $300 cash required; inquire
personally. ROBT. BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis st.
$1000— ONE-TENTH Interest in advertising busi-
ness; at conservative estimate will net $5000
a year In S. F. ; Investor can handle his own
money. Apply CAHILL, 107 Sixth st.
KLONDIKE — Experienced miner who has
backer for '$£00 wants another for same
amount; best city references. Box 2023, Call.
$250— CORNER saloon among wholesale houses;
large stock; rent cheap; paying trade; good
place man & wife. XIV. cor. Pacific & Battery
WANTED — purchase branch bakery, candy
or notion store; must be a bargain. Address
MRS. AVERT, 336 Golden Gate aye.
$45— BAKERY and notion store. 2552 Folsom st. ;
worth '. .4 rooms and bath; rent $12; must
sell. i '
SALOON at a reasonable price; good location.
Apply Albany Brewery.
$225 BUYS city wagon route clearing $63
monthly or no sale; trial given. 406 Geary.
$125 SECURES manufacturers' agency worth
$600 a year. Address box 2151, Call office.
SHOE store; well-established custom trade.
Apply Call branch office, 339 Hayes st.
FINK branch bakery, stationery and notions;
5 elegant rooms. 2552 Folsom st.
RESTAURANT for Bale. 136 Second st. .
CIGAR stand for sale. For particulars Inquire
of WM. MARLOW, 14 Eddy at.
$400— CIGAR store, with 4 rooms in rear. 1519
Market et.
TO capitalists— Several working miners hav-
ing consolidated 250 acres free and cement
gold-bearing gravels, also large deposit South
African conglomerate and tailings, will sell
all or part; good water facilities and roads;
4 miles from railroad; 35 miles from Stockton.
Address box 143. Quartz Mountain, Tuolumne
County. Cal.
1 FOR SALE — Jewelry and pawnbroklng busi-
ness, with stock on hand; established 18
years- on one of the best- corners In Kan
Francisco. Apply to J. B. LEWIS & SUN,
436 Montgomery St., bet. 12 and 1.
FIRST-CLASS 1 -chair barber shop; 2 living
rooms; 3 years' lease: building Insured. Ad-
diess HENRY BERDROW, Le Grand. Cal.
GROCERY and bar for sale; good location;
good trade; retiring on account of illness.
Box 2049. Call office.
THE Nickel saloon, near the new Postofflce
Bite. 130 Seventh at; $300 will purchase stock,
fittings, utensils, furniture, etc.: no agents.
SALOON stock &nd fixtures for sale: three liv-
" Ing rooms; good bargain. 236 Third st.
HALF interest in well-established butcher
business; centrally located; good-paying busi-
ness. Address box 4, Call office. Oakland.
SALOON— bargain; good stand: no agent;
northeast cor. Third and Brannan sts. W.
H. PAYNE. '__
FINE store, cor. Oak and Franklin etc., rent j
$20; 2 fine basements, ofT Market St.. suitable
for any business or storage. Apply 15 Grant.
$350— A paying restaurant on Market st.; steady I
boarder*: oak furniture; rent $30. Address
box C. 47, Call office. _
BALOON, IS Sixth st.; a bargain to a quick j
cash buyer. Inquire between 8 and 9:30 a. m.,
A. McDONALD. 25 Davis st.
CORNER grocery and bar: 2 living rooms: good j
place for man and wife. 117 FiUmore st.
FOR sale-One of the best bakeries in the city.
Inquire at 1509 Polk st.
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN. Reglsfd Pat. !
Agents: established 18C2. 319 Pine St.. city.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry; !
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay. j
LARGE city paper route, growing territory, for
sale as a whole or part. Apply at Call office.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third .-t., Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
|- W. CABWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
\ ~ FIKMTMIi: I'OIJ sale.
GOUGH. Flat of 6 furnished rooms for
sale. . ' . , ■•..■.."*.-:■
MINNA, 713%— 4 rooms, ' completely.' furnished
for housekeeping: -rent $9: no offer refused/ •
SEWING MACHIIN.ES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
ALASKA^ ENTERPRISES.
KLONDIKE ~ ,
Wanted— IS more men to go to Dawson
<-lty, leaving here about March 15, in the
employ of the Alaska Transportation. Trad-
ing and Mining Company; steady employ-
ment guaranteed on ivaching Alaska; $fiOo
cash requlivrt. For particulars call at com-
pany's eyices, rooms 20 and 21, Chronicle
building, £an Francisco.
THE swift and newly-fitted sailer Helen W.
Almy will now leave for Copper River and
Cook'B Inlet about March IS; low rates for
passage and freight. Apply at once, MOHNS
<& KALTEXBACH. 29 Market st.
KLONDIKE provisions, lowest prices, packed
and delivered to boats. SBARBORO & CO.,
and retail grocers. 531 Washington.
WHAT you must have— The only makers of the
genuine Klondike moccasin on this Coast.
Pacific Shoe Co., 120 First st.__
MIXKR ivnnts $750 grub stake; give real estate
security and share In claim. Box 2032, Call.
A LAROE dog suitable fnr Klondike, to be
sold; a bargain. ISO Seventh Bt.
GOOD strong dog*, trained fur Alaska, for sale
!\t 510 Van Ness aye.
YUKON dog harness; best made, for sale by
all outfitters. SAMMAXX. 123* Fillmore st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards, Tenth and Bryant Ets.
KLONDIKE doers: also Great Danes and Fox
terriers. KILLIP'S Sale Yard. 1730 Market st.
CHEAPEST and beat Klondike stoves in the
world. HOLMES & CO., 416-418 Jackson at.
DOGS for Klondike; three Scotch collies, broke
for work. C. KRAMER, 400 Pacific st
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrnpper. for mailing.
LODGINu HOUSCS FOR SALE.
KREDO * CO, Successful Brokers, 22 Vi Geary.
SO rooms; clears Sloii; good transient $1200
4S rooms; finest house; best locality; new 3000
4S rooms; Geary; good invstmt; bonanza. 2000
26 rooms; Market St.; clears $75; snap 450
21 rooms; best in city; clears $85 800
10 rooms; Market St., near Sixth; offices. 700
15 rooms; clears $40 month 275
12 rooms; Third St.: rent $27 50 2<>o
11 rooms; all rented; corner; worth $600.. 325
11 rooms; Ninth st.; clears $50 month 450
10 rooms; all new; central and sunny 325
7 rooms; O'Farrell st: clears $35 225
7 rooms; rent $25; clears $25 MQ
MONEY TO LOAN MONEY TO LOAN
On furniture at 2% per cent.
Insurance at cut rates.
Special Bargains
15 rooms, Sutter St., clears $50 $450
16 rooms, elegant furniture, only 450
23 rooms, central, paying house 450
24 rooms, rent $75 (new), payments 1500
25 rooms, central (new), payments 800
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
$1600 — 20 ROOMS; fine sunny corner; worth
$2600; clears $160; low rent. KREDO & CO.
$675—12 ROOMS; nice little boarding-house;
clears $100 month. KREDO & CO. 22% Geary.
$400 — ROOMS: lovely home; free rent and $25
profit. KREDO & CO., 22H Geary st.
$3000 — ROOMS; best In city; new house; new
furniture. KREDO & CO.. 22>£ Geary st.
7-ROOMS, new; payments; on Taylor st..s 400
11-room house; sunny corner; fine 000
26 rooms; new and gpod 1400
6 rooms and bath 325
19 rooms; partly furnished b5O
36 rooms, on Mission inno
18 rooms on Golden Gate; fine 1100
7 rooms, near Baldwin: bargain 250
32 rooms, on Market; clears $250 2800
24 rooms, on Kearny; clean $200 2500
22 rooms, near Baldwin Hotel (transient). 1300
SO rooms, central: 2 fronts; worth $1200... 500
Hotel in mining town; good bar 1000
' H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
EDDY, £22— 16 rooms; part cash, balance on
time.
$1000— 35-ROOM lodging house; cheap rent; good
transient trade, 821 Howard st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHAT'S THAT? YOU ARE?
GOING TO BUY A PIANO?
WELL. NOW, WHAT DO YOU WANT?
A piano made in 189S, with every dollar ex-
pended on the instrument, modern in every
respect, with all the late attachments, or the
same old piano made from 1349 scales?
I have a piano to sell that I will guarantee
from top to bottom and will back it with
every dollar I have, As I own my own build-
Ing and store, and as the manufacturers also
back this instrument with $2,000,000, this, I
think, a good guarantee.
The piano is the Kingsbury.
The price is $22.'.
The address is 526 Hayes st. -
The firm is J. HARRY SCOTT.
ANY person having use for a piano need not j
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, 6. $7, $8, $9,
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded: no charge for cartage. Purchase your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Stelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
A FEW more bargains in second-hand pianos—
Ronlsch $125
Mathusek 150
Augustus Baus & Co 200
Cameron 250
Byron Mauzy 300
BYRON MAUZY, pianos, SOB-312 Post st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell ft. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer. ■
ONE Newhall piano $55
One Zech piano 70
One Fischer piano 80
Twenty others at all prices.
BENJ. CtJRTAZ & EON. 16-20 O'Farrell.
; AN elegant Hardman and Chase Bros, piano:
both in perfect order: offered this morning
at great bargains. THE J. DEWING CO.,
second floor Flood building. ■.
IF you want a bargain in a piano call at
Mauvals'. 769 Market St.; agency for the cele-
brated DECKER & SON pianos.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mausy, Newby, Evans,
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent pian;
no interest first year. 308. 310, 312 Post st.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 733 Market st.
UPRIGHT piano for sale; good condition;
cheap for cash. 915 Post st.
PIANOFORTE; square grand; a bargain; $60;
cost $200. 130 Seventh st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 210 Post st.
$125— FINE upright; great bargain. 16 McAllis-
ter ft., .next Hlbernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Haines Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
___———
HORSES.
TWO fast pacers, 1 carriage horse and 1 finely
matched road team. Call at Santa Clara
Stables, 164 Golden Gate aye.
HORSES, harness, laundry, express wagons of
all kinds, buggies, carts bought, sold, ex-
changed at Emporium, 220 Valencia St.
i WANTED— SO old horses free from disease
and physic for feed for the animals. Ad-
dress Manager of the Zoo, Chutes, city.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness; Grand Arcade Homo Mar-
ket, 827 Sixth st.. auction «ales every Wed-
Tie?day. ST'T.T.TV ■* >: * TVWLK Audlf»n»»r».
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
! FOR SALE- Very cheap; large furniture or
express wagon; almost new. 956 Harrison.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for rash or Installments; 1 fine top and opeD
buggy: also 1 hack. 828 Harrison Ft.
CARTE'- CLEANING.
cTTT^te^m^CarrM?t-clt;aning o Works ; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. O. H. STEVENS. Mar..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South HO.
WHEN you becoma disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. bo. 40.
j. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovating,
alteration works. 413 McAllister: Jessie 321.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co. 4C2 Sutter:
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
' CARPETS cleaned at 3C. per yard; relald at 3c.
• STRATTON, 3 Eighth st.: tel. JeßSle 944.
GREAT "Eastern Steam Carpet - Cleaning
Works. HJth_st._B. GRANT; tel. Jessie 201.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st.; cleaning, »C. a yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 12.. -..-■■•■•■ '•■
CARPET FOR SALE
YARDS carpets . for sale, : 15c per yard
and upward. ' Monarch . Carpet Cleaning
; Works, 115 Tenth »t. Tel. Mint 177». .." i
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
A NO. 1 house, 1713 Post st. ; 7 rooms and bath;
rent $35. Apply SPECK & CO.. CO2 Market.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery-
IiIIMSHEI) house. 7 rooms, bath; large yard;
latest improvements: furniture new; piano;
near Pleasanton Hotel; only responsible par-
ties need apply. Box 1437, Call office.
MCALLISTER, 81S— Sunny house, S rooms;
front and rear- garden; rent reduced $35.
OAK, 421— Stylish Eastlakp residence; 8 rooms
and bath; latest improvements; $35.
STEVENSON. 253, bet. Third and Fourth-
House of 8 or 12 rooms; reasonable.
B-ROOM house, bath and basement, $11; Laurel
aye.. near Turk and Buchanan ats. HOOKER
& LENT, 14 Post st.
$27 50— 2-STORY house, 7 rooms, bath; cellar;
yard. 4SI Halght st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
A. A. A. — Furnished flat, new, including fur-
niture; modern improvements; sunny, desira-
ble location. 7 rooms and bath. Inquire at
313 Bush st.
MISSION, 2726, sunny belt— Parlor floor 5 nice-
ly furnished rooms; every convenience for
housekeeping; piano; bath: gardens i $25.
FURNITURE, etc., of 10 rooms for sale; privi-
lege renting premises. Box 1145. Call office.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHATTANOOGA. 27— Nice sunny cottage five
rooms and a bath.
NICE cottage, 4 rooms, basement and yard, 7
Victor st. Inquire 941 Bryant st.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment: yard: cheap. 1876 15th st.. nr. Dolores.
FURNISHED FLATS.
GEARY, 1522— Newly furnished sunny upper
flat of 4 rooms
FLATS TO LET.
A— slo; 4-ROOM flat: 10 days free.
A—sl2;A — $12; 6-room new cottage; 20 days free.
A— slS; 5-room cottage, Geary and Van Ness
aye. 10 new flats cheap. At SPECK & CO.'S.
802 .Market rt.
CASTRO, 640 — Two lovely new modern 6-room
Hats: bath; yard: basement; $17.
CHEAP. rent— Flats, 3 and 4 rooms, $6 and $7;
very convenient; 15 and 21 Victor st. In-
quire 941 Bryant st.
FELL. HlS— Upper flat 6 sunny rooms; alcove
parlore, etc.
FIFTEENTH, 2i?6, bet. Market and Noe— 6
rooms and bath. $14.
GROVES, 141- Near City Hall, lower and top
flat. 5 and 6 rooms; bath.
HAMPTON pi., 3, off Folsotn. bet. 2d and 3d—
3 sunny bay-window rooms; yard; basement.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant av^
NEW and modern lower fiat, I rooms, bath.
1911 Devisadero St., near California.
NINETEENTH. 3'JSO, 1 block from Eighteenth
or Castro st. cars; lovely lower sunny 6-room
flat; modern; $1S; water free.
NINETEENTH, 4222, near Castro— sl2 50; beau-
tiful upper fiat, 4 rooms, bath and wash
room; yard, etc.
SrUXXY corner flat, 5 rooms, $17; Inside flat
with bath. Jl5: newly painted and papered.
Corner Twelfth nnd Fol*>m sts. Apply
BALDWIN & HOWELL, lv Montgomery st.
SUNNY upper flat of 4 rooms; rent $14. 220
Laussell aye., bet. FHlmore and Steiner.
VALLEJO, 1516. near Van Noss ave.— ss3; re-
duced from $30; fine upper flat, 7 rooms and
bath; ail modern conveniences; sunny and
large yard.
$35— LOVELY sunny modern flat of 7 rooms;
624 Golden Gate aye.. near Van Keaa.
$10' FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; gas, bath. Corner
Twenty-fourth ar.d Vicksburg sts., Twenty-
second-atreet cars pass the door.
$13_NICE sunny flat, B rooms; bath, gas and
yard. 3930 Nineteenth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
$14— TO let, flat of 4 rooms and bath, with
stable for 2 horses. 2410 Harrison St., bet.
20th and 21st.
$;; FLAT. 6 rooms, bath; modern. 144S Va-
lencia St.. near Twenty-fifth.
$13— WATER free; sunny lower 4-room flat:
modern; large lot: garden. 4075 Twenty-third
St., few steps from Castro; care key 4071.
CHEAPEST flat In city; I rooms, bath.
530'? Valencia St., near Seventeenth.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BRANNAN, 725.' above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished. $7.
CASTRO, 405, rear— or 2 nice sunny unfur-
nished rooms; large yard; stable; cheap.
CENTRAL, 62 Second— Single rooms and light
housekeeping; week, $1, $2 50; day. 25c, 60c.
DIAMOND, 616—3 large sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping: bay window; bath;
price $9; Castro or Twenty-fourth-st. cars.
EDDY. 915 — 4 rooms, furnished or unfurnished;
gas range; fine location; private residence. ■
ELGIN PARK, 36. off Thirteenth St.— 3 or 4
large sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
running water; every convenience; refer-
ences.
ELLIS, Nice large room for light house-
keeping, $10 month; running water; stove;
closet.
FOURTH, 411—3 connecting rooms for house-
keeping, $11 a month; others, $5 a month Up.
FIFTH, 325—3 clean furnished housekeeping
rooms. $13: 2, $12; also single room, $5.
FRONT, 1128V4— Suite furnished for light house-
keeping; water; stove; bath; $10.
GEARY, Light housekeeping and other
sunny single and double rooms; no children.
HOWARD. 025— 3 completely furnished rooms
for housekpg, $12 mo.; no objection children.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
rooms; first floor; housekeeping and single.
HOWARD, 831—3 or 4 rooms complete for
housekeeping; cheap to right party.
HOWARD, 1214—2 or 3 large sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable.
JESSIE, 446 3 rooms complete for housekeep-
ing, $12 month; single rooms, $'
LEWIS, IS, off Taylor, nr. Post— and
kitchen; furnished or unfurn.; reasonable.
McALLISTER, Furnished rooms for house-
keeping. ,
MISSION, 561. near Second — Bedroom and
kitchen, furnished complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, — Sunny suite, complete house-
i keeping; large yard; $10.
MISSION, 1241— Bay-window floor front, back
parlor and kitchen; finely furnished.
MISSION. 1729%, near Thirteenth— furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms, bath, laundry; $8.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jewelry;
low interest. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ay.
NINETEENTH. 3334. near Howard— Furnished
parlor, bedroom and kitchen, $14.
NINTH, — Front suite and single rooms for
housekeeping; gas; water; stove.
OCTAVIA. 1403. corner. Geary— Bay-window,
kitchen, gas stove, $12 up; other rooms.
TAYLOR, Sunny bedroom and kitchen,
complete, $12 mo. ; also sunny bay-window
suite.
TAYLOR. 131—3 large light sunny unfurnished
rooms and bath; single If . desired.
THIRD, 309—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms, $3; also other rooms.
TURK, 043—2 or 3 sunny rooms complete for
housekeeping: gas, stoves, bath.
TWENTY-FOURTH, 3404. near Valencia— Two
gunny front rooms; furnished for housekeep-
ing; $10. _
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Suite of 3 sunny rooms,
$22 50. . ■ ' ■■ - - .
WILLOW aye., 80, off Larkln, between Eddy
and Ellis— Large light housekeeping room,
with bath; reasonable.
— Two large, sunny, furnished rooms for
housekeeping. 756 Folsom st. ■ ■ - .
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single: flrst-claas
in every respect; terms rensonable.
ALTON, 204 McAlllfter — Lovely sunny large
front and single rooms, $6 month up; bath;
gas.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post— Newly furnished; fami-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
CLIFFORD, Ellis and Mason— Sunny suites
and single rooms for families and tonrrsts;
prices reasonable. Telephone Red 1361.
DELAWARE!, 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $8 and $10 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Kooras per night,
r.oc to $1: week. $2 to $6; families.
EDDY, 819— Large well furnished front room;
also large sunny back room; reasonable.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 820, near Fourth— sl per week; fur-
nished rooms.
GEARY, 111— Nice newly furnished rooms to
let; terms reasonable.
GEARY, 822 — Nicely furnished single and dou-
ble rooms: bath, gas; reasonable.
GEARY, Sis -Large sunny bay-window room,
light housekeeping suite and single room.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GEARY 675 — KTlcely furnished front room: also
single;' running water, bath and gas.
GROVE 218— A furnished sunny front room,
suitable for one or two jjentlemen.
HAKJHT, 400H— punny front corner suite; sin-
gle room, comfortably furnished; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
fuming jjnjgejjl 60 to $6 per week. _
HARRISON 946— Nice large single rooms, with
us.- of bEUh^o a month up.
HAVES R2fi— Lovely, large sunny front room,
$10 month: single, $5; housekeeping it de-
sired; modern.
HOWARD, 7157 ST. DAVID'S-200 rooms;
suites; single: punny reading-room; 25c up.
HOW~ARD7~»i9-By da >'- «^ c , eK " r month; 25c.
30c. 75c and $1 per day; $5 to $lo per month.
HYDE~ 416— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow room; bath; also sunny back room; reas.
HYI'F "'.-Sunny suites; flrst-clasa board;
quiet'; homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHER-
T< ) X .
JONES 1705, near Broadway— 4 nice sunny
rooms; grand marine view; rent cheap.
LINDEN AYE . 231— Flat of 4 rooms and bath.
Apply 328 Felljs^
McALLISTER. 511— Sunny back parlor; grate;
gas; bath; $S month; 2 gentlemen.
McALLISTER. M."— Nicely furnished front
suite; $15 per month; hot and cold water.
MINNA, 28 — Furnished rooms to let, 50c per
week.
MINNA 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room; $1
MONEY loa/ied on watches, diamonds, Jewelry;
low interest. IX OLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
NEVADA House, 132 Sixth— Select rooms, $150
to $4 50 week, $6 to $15 a month; also house-
keeping.
OAK "■ -Xii-.'iy furnished modern rooma, $6
and' $8 mo.; suitable for 2; nice location.
OCTAYIA SlB Newly furnished sunny front
room, and single. $6 month up; bath and gas.
O'FARRELL. .'::"■_. -Large front room, fur-
nished or unfurnished; cheap.
PHILADELPHIA House, 421 Bush— Rooms;
gas; running water: $1 week up; sunny.
PINE 7Bh-Elegant suite of parlors, suitable
for man and wife or 3 or^ gentlemen.
POWELL, WJ (The Montallo) — Sunny suites
and single rooms; reasonable; transient.
POWELL 509— Two nicely furnished sunny
looms adjoining: suitable for two gentlemen.
SHFRMAN~Xpartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK M Sunny bay-window front
room in private family; rent reasonable.
STOCKTON, 17 — European; elegant rooms;
suite or single: day, week or month; baths;
hot and cold water; transient: elevator.
| BUTTER Tl5-717-719i and 609 Hyde— Furnished
and unfurn.: choice and sunny; reasonable.
TAYLOR, Ml— Pleasant sunny room, $5; two
beds,
THE RANDOLPH. 601 Post, corner Mason— so
bay-Window parlors: smaller rooms: water;
gas- $l 60 to ii 50 treek: $5 to $20 month.
WILLOW aye.. 30, off Larkln. between Eddy
and Ellis— Large furnished room complete for
light housekeeping: use of bath.
BOARDING ANDJIOOMS^
HYDE Front sunny bay-window room,
gas, 'bath, running water, breakfast, $10 mo.
HYDE 1105— Large front sunny bay-window
room) gas, bath, running water, first-class
board, 120 month. _^_____________
FOLSOM. Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
O'FARRELL. 818 near Larkln— Sunny rooms;
board: private family: references.
VAN NESS 21S— Lovely sunny rooms with ele-
gant board for 2 or 8; in private "family;
reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.— Beautiful sunny rooms;
southern exposure; building new; all mod-
ern conveniences: newly furnished: elegant
for gentlemen; board optional. A*pply at 808
Van Ness aye.
" CHILD II EX BOARDED.
WANTED— Home, with yard lor two boys, age
6 and 8, with respectable lady, near school;
no other children; state terms. Address box
2111. Call office.
ELDERLY German lady wishes to take a child
to board. 80 Willow aye., off Larkln St., be-
tween EddyandEUls. •
ELDERLY German lady wishes to take child
to board. 30 Willow aye.. off Larking
PLEASANT, comfortable home for child with
family .without children: excellent care;
healthy locality; reasonable. E. THOMP-
SON. Glen Ell« Cal. " -
FACTORIES TO LET.
MISSION, 579, opp. Wells-Fargo's Express-
Second floor: power available for straw
works, paper box. shirt, shoes, factories, etc.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT the Women's Educational and "Industrial
Union, 7 Van Ness aye., English, French,
German. Spanish, violin, mandolin, guitar,
painting, elocution, penmanship, dressmak-
ing, millinery, halrdresslng and manicuring
taught for $150 per month; singing and
cooking taught for $1 per month. :
HEALD'S Business College 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering:
surveying, assaying, etc. ; 20 teachers; 11C3
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market Bt. ;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $"■"; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, me h. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.;
est. IS64J VAN DER NAILEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market St.
MRS. FRIEDBERG, voice culture; 60c "a les-
son. 914 O'Farrell st. ___
SAM FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket st.; 124 positions in '66; 1"3 in '97.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day, night: $5 mo. 1504 Market, op. Bth.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons,
$3 per month. MARY WEPT HA US. 89 Fifth.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
ASK to see the $19 solitaire diamond ring; ask
to see the $23 solitaire diamond ring at UN-
CLE HARRIS*. 1". Grant aye.
MMER'S samples little boys' fancy and!
i>!uin suits at a sacrifice. 10] Sansome st., |
upstairs,
FOR SALE— Flrst-class Cyclone power mill (4-
horsepower): In operaUon_at 2237 Mission st.
BECOND-HAND windmill for tale cheap. In-
quirf at 721 Folsom st. H. BULLWINKEL.
FOR sale— Bargain; fine upright Conrad piano;
cost $500; going East. 1411U Folsom st.
V'UXG first Jersey cow and heifer calf. 236
I >or' st.
GAS iX'ureß very low; lnrge asßortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Second-hand Bninswiek-Balke-Col-
lender billiard table, in flrst-class condition.
Apply 13CS Geary Bt.
LARGE dog for sale; Newfoundland. Call In
bakery. Twenty-fourth at., between York and
Hampabir*.
FIRST-CLAPS large windmill; 2 large new
tanks: bTass pump, pipes, etc. 711 Treat aye.
ONE large fireproof safe, one burg|ar-proof
safe for sale cheap. Address box 2047. Call.
COMPLETE set of tinning tools for sale cheap!
fi64 Mission st.
PICTURE framing, complete, witlTgiass 7x9
inches. 10c: Bxlo and lOxlit, 15c; 11x14 Rnd 12x
IC. tOe; 14x17, Bo; 16x20. Me; 15.\22, 35c; 20x24,
4f,c; curtain poles, complete. 15c; room mold-
ins;, all colors, lc per foot; portraits enlarged
60c: open evenings. JONEB, 547 Mission st.
LATTN'DRY enKlnes. dynamos, rl.-ctrlcal goods;
MW & 2d-hand. 527 Mission st.
LATEST style hood top baby buggy, cheap;
with extra sf-at. Box 1414, Call office.
BARS, bade liars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture nnd fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-IC2I-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
J. B. FOUL. )K>u?e-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel. So. 787.
WHISKY, Kentucky, '97: bonded wirehouseT
San Francisco; 39c gallon. Address STAND-
ARD LIQUOR CO._ ! _San_Franclsco.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belta and
pump. H. S. WHITE^Jiie Mission st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 633 Sacramento.
SAFKS— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
slzps: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOFHONES, $10: Records, Jfi per do»T
Projectoscope._rioo. 983-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill. s=.';ilt\ hand-truck, letter-press.
dp«k ar.i safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR nnle cheap— Second-hand fireproof sate,
at 42 Main st.
PERSONALS.
RESPECTABLE German, 36 years old, desires
acquaintance of honest woman: object mat-
rimony. Address FRED KRAMER, Berke-
. ley, Cal. : ■ ■
BOXING and bag punching taught by an ex-
pert thoroughly in eight private lessons, even-
ings; moderate. Address box 1460, Call office
MATRIMONIAL.
ALL seeking marriage send -10c and postage for
March "Wedding Bell"; 16 pages: no $5 re-
quired. Editor, 111 Ellis St., San Francisco.
BLSIM'.SS PERSONA LS.
A FREE prescription for monthly irregulari-
ties: it never falls to relieve in one day; no
deadly drugs, pills or capsules; the prescrip-
tion will be sent free with every $5 order,
after which it can' be made at home at a
cost of a few cents; by sending $2 in 2c
stamps enough of the remedy will be sent to
last six months: office hours, 10 to 4, 6 to 8
evenings. THE ATWELL CO., 3G% Geary St.,
San Francisco.
AS a first-class hair-dresser I pride myself
upon having no equal: price only 25c; good
switches $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, long, $5; open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
QUINONIA Hair Tonic effects a healthy
growth. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
SHAMROCKS for St. Patrick's Day from Dub-
lin. Kildare, Wicklow and Cork Counties;
mailed 15c, $1 10 per dozen; 50 upward, half
price; remember '9S; order before 15th. MO-
LONE 327 Buena Vista St., Los Angeles.
FINE bronzing for store fronts In gold, silver,
copper or white metal; looks better, wears
better than old style painting or graining; for
estimates call or send postal. JOHNSON,
441 Sixth st.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
' BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made In
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 535 Clay St., S. F.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia; sittings,
SI; circles Tues., 2; Sat, eve., 8 p. m.; 25c.
WANTED— old violin; lady's size.
GEO. M.. box 1173, Call Office.
NEW method message, electric theatment;
heated room. MRS. JOHNSTON, 118 Grant ay.
AGENT wanted to take orders for merchant
tailoring. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 908 Market, room 25, second floor.
" TRUNKS moved, 25c. Commercial Transfer
Co.. 22 Stockton St.; phone Main 49. .
SUIT to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.." bet. 7th and Bth.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
DRESSMAKERS.
MMeT~GOLDHTEIN— Elegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 86.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease; full life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm. and clalrv.; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
25c. 327 Fifth st.
MISS L. DEAN, magnetic healing, card
reader. 906 Market St., room 41, top floor.
FANNIE DAVIS, returned; card reader. 122
Post St.. room 11, second floor. • '
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c; G.. 50c; no sign. 3 7th.
MISS BELL GRANT, «*ard reading and mag-
netic healing. 122 Post St.. room 10.
RAY FAIR, card reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
MIPS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 1204 Geary at.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; toe up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
reader; 25c up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in her pro-
fusion: never falls; advice: help. MS Post.
MRS. MANDENA. medium, palmist: life read-
Ings, 25c; satisfaction guarant'd. 28 Sixth st.
MME: SVAENSON. only reliable card reader
and fortune teller: 25c. HI Geary st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123% Sixth St.. room 14.
MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader.magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth |
MISS EDNA V. GRANT. 131 Taylor st., room
2: mind-reader and palmist.
spirivvalis m.
JOHN SLATER, the greatest* living medium,
at Mrs. Wrenn's meeting, 997 Market st., to-
night: admission free.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. llSHalght^st^ ,-
PROF. GEE; readings dally; test circles Tue.,
Thur.. Fri.. 8 p. m. : 25c. E6s^ Market st.
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
Bplrltual sittings. 120 A Eddy St.. room 3.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
message* and advice. 218 Stockton st.
. . HYPNOTISM-
SAN FRANCISCO College of Suggestive Thera-
peutics; private Instruction. 911 Van Ness
aye. L. F. TURMAN. Sec.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. wills,
probate, insolvency, deeds, damages, mort- j
gages, copartnership, bills-of-sale. patents,
trademarks, etc. ; established 10 years. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law, S5O Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. i'.-.r"-'
PROPOSALS.
PLANS and specifications Invited for an hos-
pital building— office, Hoard of Super-
visors, San Francisco, March 12, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. .9<
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors,
public notice is hereby given , to architects
that competitive plans and specifications for
the erection of an hospital building will be
received in open session of the Board of Su-
pervisors on MONDAY AFTERNOON, Sep-
tember 12, 189S, between the hours of 2:30
and 3 o'clock.
The proposed building to be of modern de-
sign and to be constructed of stone or brick,
or of both, with all the latest scientific im-
provements required as to construction • and
sanitation, equal to, if not superior, to any
building designed or contracted for hospital
purpose! as are Indorsed by medical author-
ity as being Indispensable- In the construction
of such a building.
The said hospital building to be erected on
the lot of land selected and approved by the
Board of Health described as follows:
Commencing at the most southeasterly cor-
ner of a tract of- land known as and desig-
nated on the official map of • the city and
county of San Francisco as the "Almshouse
Tract" and running thence due north along
the easterly boundary line of said Almshouse
Tract seven hundred and sixty-five (765) feet;
thence due west five hundred and fifty (550)
feet; thence due south seven hundred and
sixty-five (7G5) feet to the southerly line of
the said Almshouse Tract; thence due east
along the said southerly line of the Aims-
house Tract live hundred and fifty (550) feet
to the point of commencement; containing
' The said" plans and specifications to be so I
prepared that the cost of the building shall '
not exceed In the aggregate the sum of three
hundred thousand (?300.00Q) dollars, which
sum must cover the ' entire expense for the
erection and completion of the proposed
NOTICE— will prepare and sub-
mit with their plans and specifications for
said hospital building" an Itemized estimate
of the cost of said building, the statute re-
quiring eight (8) hours to constitute a day's
work with a minimum rate of wages of two
($2) dollars per day, for persona employed on
said building, with the distinct understanding
that no plans or specifications will be enter-
tained or considered of buildings the aggre-
gate cost of which are estimated to exceed
the sum of three hundred thousand ($300,000)
dollars. Also that the architect whose plans
and specifications of the building are adopted
will be appointed architect and superintend-
ent of the building at a compensation of five
(5) per cent of the total cost, and win be re-
quired to give a gyod and satisfactory bond
or bonds, as the case may be, to insure the
' completion and construction of the said
building for the amount of the estimate of
the cost as made by the said architect. The
architects submitting' plans and specifications
determined by the board to be second/third I
and fourth In merit will receive premiums of
$1000 $7,"0 and $500 respectively, with the un-
derstanding . that any . features of said '■ plans j
: and specifications- which may be considered i
useful or necessary be embodied In the plans
adopted may be used without further cost or
; ; charge.,..- - 'JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
~~ LEGAL -NOTICES.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JACOB
C JOHNSON, deceased. : : . : =-
Notice is hereby given by the undersigned.
ANNA B JOHNSON, executrix of the estate
of JACOB C. JOHNSON, , deceased, to the
creditors of. . and ; all persons having . claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them with
the -necessary vouchers, within ten months
after the first publication of this notice, to the
said executrix at the office of J. C. JOHN-
BOV 00., No. 400 Market St.. the same being
her place for the transaction of the business
of the said estate in the City and County or
San Francisco. State^Callforn^^..
Executrix of i the ' estate of JACOB C. \ JOHN-
SON, deceased. - -ri- _ ■ „;,,,„„
Dated at San Francisco, February 24. IS3B.
J. A. STEPHENS, - -
Attorney for Executrix. Claus Sprockets ' build-
in*.
CITY RE..L ESTATE.
FOR sale— Choice business property; rents for i
$200; KW corner Mission and Spear sts.; 45:10
x 77:6. H. SCHWERIN. 546 Clay st j
BIG bargain— 6 modern Western Addition flats,
$15,000; renting for $133 DO; $7000 can remain
on mortgage. Postof flee box 2495.
i *^ — — «^—
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
AAA — 250 acres in vineyard for rent on shares.
813 Bush st. '. i
LARGE ranch in Fresno County; had over $20,-
000 worth of fruit last year; for rent on ;
- shares. 313 Bush St. j
FOR sale — acres; fine virgin redwood and
pine timber: near L. E. White's railroad. at
Elk, Mendocino Count'- consisting of the NE.
V of SW. % of See. 31. township 14 N., range
In west. For full particulars as to price, etc.,
apply to A. CLOCKERS, Navarro, Cal.
FOR SALE— In Colma, San Mateo County, 6 ;
acres of land for cemetery: convenient to the ]
Southern Pacific and S. F. & S. M. electric ;
cars. Address J. C. Station L., city. j
SANTA CLARA Valley, 80 acres assorted fruit; '
25 acres prunes and grapes; 5 acres prunes.
J. T. DUNN. Call building, San Francisco.
IN San Mateo, store and six living rooms; !
large lot; will rent furnished or unfurnished. \
OAMAN & LYON, 215 Kearny st. j
MILL Valley; for sale, house, furnished or un-
furnished. Apply 526 Turk st. ;
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre. I
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood, Shasta Co.. Cal. -
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call. |
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
■ LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
B^ATHrFinrH^M^sTN^LARKSPUR!
Villa lots and acreage; easy terms: 45 minutes :
from the city; cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market St.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$275 WILL buy a building lot; small but cen-
tral and desirable. HUGH M. CAMERON,
479 Ninth St.. Oakland. .'
FOR sale, rent or exchange — House of 25 rooms; ;
can be had furnished if desired: lot 40x150;
half cash, balance can remain. MRS. SMITH. |
S2l Market Et., Oakland. :
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR^SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 408
Eleventh St., Oakland. ,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. I
ALAMBDA REAL ESTATE.
$5500— New 2-story residence; 6 large rooms: ]
modern: cor. lot. 50x150; near Mastic Station;
part cash, bal. Installments. 735 R. R. aye.
BERKELEY REAL fcSTATB.
$1750— FOR sale— Near the university: house of j
7 rooms; fine lot; street work all done; a ;
thorough bargain. JOSEPH J. MASON, real
estate, Berkeley Station. •
A GREAT bargain— sale. 2 acres only four
blocks from station; $650 per acre. O. G. ,
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. |
PROPERTY '1O EXCHANGE. J
EXCHANGES.
100 ranches and 250 business places for sale
or exchange.
4 flats and 1 store for ranch $8,000
4 flats in Los Angeles, corner, for S. F. 8,000 ;
3 fiats In city; fine corner; other propty 12,500 )
12-room house. lot 125x235, for S F 12,000 ,
6 houses in Berkeley: 8 in Oakland; 10 InS.F.
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opposite nth. S. F.- ;
A. A. A. — City lots to exchange for bakery or
restaurant. 313 Bush st.
CITY property to exchange for ranch or room-
Ing house. 313 Bush et.
PAYING property in good interior town to ex-
change for city property, Improved or unim-
proved; value $41a»U. MRS. M. AVIENY, 1394
Vallejo St.- m
.GOOD business property in Portland, Or., will
be exchanged on liberal terms for property ,
In or near San Francisco. Address BLUMEN-
THAL & HANLY, 1051 Washington St., Oak- !
land. - ;
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V» per cent on real estate; |
2d and 3d mortgages, estates, . real estate in j
probate, : life insurance, goods in warehouse, j
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Me- i
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak- !
land or Alameda, • at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J. i
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ■
ADVANCES quick on furniture, pianos, with-
out removal; mdse in storage: life Ins. poli-
cies, house rents, bank books, etc.; low in-
• terest; private; no com. R. 68. 1170 Market.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 948 Market st; tel. Green 204.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper, '■
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUG AN & CO., 230 Kearny St.; upstairs.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $25 up; ■
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell st.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1 j
Fourth St.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
ANY sum, Ist or 2<i mortgagee, estates In pro- j
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO $30,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery St. I
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort- \
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st. j
ON pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
SIXTH. Most reliable place to borrow !
money; diamonds and jewelry.
SS9 HAVES Branch office .of Vh« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FINANCIAL. -^
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc. : lowest ;
rates. McAFEE BROS.. IPS Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
SAVE Interest and borrow from the CUT RATE i
LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason St.; private rooms.
TYPEWRITERS.
YOST, good order, $25; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery St.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
i handed In at either of the publication offices
i and be indorsed with the name and residence
i of persons authorized to have the same pub- i
lished. . .:■;.:
BORN.
ADAMS— In San Jose, March 11, 1898, to the
! wife of E. H. Adams, a son.
i BRENNAN— Vallejo, March 8, 1898, to the
wife of John H. Brennan, a son.
i FOX— In Gait, March 9, 1898, to the ' wife of \
j John Fox, a daughter.
I JURI— In Mokelumne Hill. March 9, 1898, to
! the wife of Tobi Juri, a son.
RATTO— Jackson, March 7, IS3S, to the :
wife of G. B. ■ Ratto, a son.
i STADEMANN— In this city, March 12, 1598, to
the wife of S. J. Stademann. a daughter.
j SCOTT— In Pacific Grove, March 8, 1898, to the
i wife of Harry Scott, a son.
i jg^fi"— —
MARRIED.
DRESSER— BERRY— Tipton. March 5.
IS9B. William Dresser and Matilda Berry,
both of Tlpton.
DIED. _■ '
Anderson, Theresa C. O'Connor. Catherine
Baer, Fanny Patterson. William
Bulger, Capt. Martin Pitt, Albert T.
Boyne. Thomas Rolen, Anna
Crowley. Cornelius Ratto, Infant
Cahlll. Michael R. -. Sullivan. Jeremiah
Oiilon. Patrick J Sillifant, Albert H.
Hennessey. Katie Speckter. Willie
Jeffers, . Robert Schwabacher. Fred '
Johnson. Margaret Sweeney Kate A '
Mehrtens. August \ Turret I, Frances J.
Moreau, Frank . Tunney. Michael |
Mouze. Adolphe Wagner. Arthur J.
Nelson, Margaret Wall. Infant ■■_••■
O'Brien, John - . Woodley, Frank H.
ANDFRSON— In South San Francisco, March
13 180?, Theresa Christine, youngest and
dearly beloved daughter of O. P. and Emma ;
Anderson, and sister of Annie J., George O.
and the late Tillie C. and Amanda P. Ander-
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years
I months and 11 days. -
Friends* and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Tuesday), at -2 o'clock, from the residence I
of her parent?.' \ 1240 ■■ Six.th ■ avenue,' near 'I, !
* street. South . San Francisco. ■;■ Interment >I.
O. O. F. Cemetery. - •■>■
BAER— In this city, 'March 13, 189S, Fanny, be-
loved j wife of the i late Charles Baer, mother |
; of Fred, Hattie, , Mose . and Max ■ Baer. ', and !
! sister of Marcus and Saul Nathan lof Susan-
villa, Cal., a native of Prussia, aged 43 years.' I
'■(Oakdale, Cal.. papers please copy).
BULGER— In this city, March 11, 1898, Captain'
Martin Bulger. iieloyed husband of Mary A.,
and father of Thomas D.. John X... James K. 1
' and Emma F. Bulger, a native of Brooklyn,
■ N. T., aged Ci> years. (Brooklyn. N. V.,
Eagle please copy.) .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 734 Ashbury street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, Hayes street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Crow Cemetery-
BOYNE— In this city, March 13, ISPS. Thomai,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Boyne,
and father of Margaret E. Boyne, a native of
Dublin. Ireland.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 613 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, Brannan street, where a solemn re-
quiem ..igh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
CROWLEY— In this city. March 11. IS9S. Corne-
lius, beloved husband of Barbara Crowley.
father of John. Cornelius. Nathaniel. Daniel,
Joseph, Catherine and Agnes Crowley, Mrs.
O. Deal, Mrs. J. Tobin and Mrs. Hayes, and
brother of Mrs. K.U* Brajrg, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 77 years. .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 334 Third street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mast
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CAHILL— In this city. March 11, 1898, Michael
R., beloved husband of Mary Cahlll. father
of Josephine and Robert Cahill, and brother
of Jeremiah and Daniel Cahlll. a native of
■ Ballybunion, County .Kerry. Ireland, aged,
44 years.
[CX Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 733 Tehama street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth «*trret. for - services
at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy Croas Ceme-
tery. ...... - -
GILLON— In this city. March 11. 1898. Patrick
J., beloved husband of Julia A. GiUon, a
native of Ireland, aged 80 years.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence
to St. Bri&id's Church, Van Ness avenue
and Broadway, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
- Cross Cemetery.
HENNESSEY— In San Jose, March 10, 1898.
Katie, beloved daughter of William H. and
Mary Hennesse- a native of California, aged
14 years and 2 months.
JEFFERS— In this city, March 12, 1838, Robert
Jeffers, husband of the late Elizabeth, and
father of Katie and William H. Jeffers, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 59 years and 11 months.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 913 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Francis Church, where a high requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RIGGERS' and Stevedores' Union Associa-
tion — Funeral Notice. The detail from Clar-
ence Carey to August Fngelke. inclusive.
will assemble at their hall this day (Mon-
day), at 9 o'clock, to pay the last tribute of
respect to our late brother. Robert Jeffers.
A. CAMPBELL, President.
F. E. DURHAM. Rec. Secretary-
JOHNSON— In Oakland. March 13, IMS, Man
garet Johnson, ar native of New York.
MEHRTENS— In this city, March 13, 1898,
August, dearly beloved husband of Mrta
Mehrtens, and father of Louis and Ida Mehr-
tens, a native of Hanover. Germany, aged
62 years 2 months and 13 days.
MOREAV— In this city. March 12, 1.598, Frank,
beloved husband of Mary Moreau, a native,
of Missouri, aged 3S years 2 months and 12
days.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 12'ift Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MOVZE— In this city. March 12, I«9S, Adolphe,
beloved husband of Clara Mouze. father of
Louis Mouze, son of Mrs. Marie Mouze,
brother of Mrs. Verger, and son-in-law of
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Angonnet. a native of
San Francisco, aged 45 years 6 months and
17 days.
IT?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitPd- to attend the funeral to-morrow
at 1:30 o'clock, from his latp resi-
dence, 1124 Pine street, thence to Natfv*
Sons' Hall, where services will be held under
the auspices of California Parlor No. 1. N.
S. G. W. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NELSON— In the City and County Hospital,
March It, 1S?8, Margaret Nelson, a native of
California, aged 24 years.
O'BRIEN— In the City and County Hospital,
March 12. 189 S. John O'Brien, a native of
Ireland, aged 42 years.
O'CONNOR— In this city. March 11. 1898. Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Owen O'Connor, mother
of Mrs. C. P. Twiggs. Mrs. Birde Josephs
and John M. O'Connor, and sister of John
D. Broanan. Mrs. Ellen Arling and the late
Michael Brosnan, a native of the parish of
Hirles. County Kerry. Ireland, aged 60 years.
(Savannah. Ga.. papers please copy.)
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral th!s day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 118 Sheridnn street, off Ninth, be-
tween Folsom and Harrison, thence to St.
Joseph's Church. Tenth street, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PATTERSON— In this city. March 13, 1898,
William, beloved husband of Lou Patterson.
a native of Pennsylvania, aged KS years 8
months and 11 days. (Napa City papers
please copy).
£y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesdayt, at 2 o'clock from his late resi-
dence, 935 Valencia street. Cremation at
3:30 p. m. at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PITT— In this city. March 13. IS9S. Albert T.
.Pitt, beloved husband of the late Lottie Pitt,
and father of Lottie Pitt, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years.
[trrF'-iends and acquaintances are respect-
fni'lv Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, under the auspices of
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29. N. S. G. W. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ROICH— In this city, March 12. IR9S. Anna,
beloved wife of Enrico Rolch. beloved mother
of Giuseppe Rolch and Anna Wolf (neo
Roich). and mother-in-law of Rlccardo "Wolf,
a native of Lesina, Dalmatla, Austria, aged
60 years.
in7"FrSends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2918 Laguna street, thence to • Sts.
Peter and Paul's Church, corner Dupont and
Filbert streets, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
RATTO— Near Jackson, March 7, 1898, infant
son of Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Ratto.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 12. 1898, Jere-
miah beloved husband of Ann Sullivan,
father of Nora, Annie, Mary and Daniel Sul-
livan, and brother of Mrs. Mary Condon, a
native of Butlerstown, parish of Barry Rose.
County Cork, Ireland, aged 38 years. (Cork
papers please copy).
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 169 Shipley street, thence to St. Pat-
" rick's Church. • where services will be held.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BILLIFANT— In this city. March 13. 1898. Al-
bert H. SiUtfant a native of London. Eng-
land, aged 86 years. A member of Court On-
: ward, A. O. F.. No 7805 c,_
(CTRemains nt the parlors of 3. C. Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
SFECKTER— In this city, March 12. 1898. Wil-
lie beloved son of Catherine and the late
Henry Speckter, and brother of Otto. Eddie,
! Henry and Alfred Speckter. a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 3 months and IT
\ry Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fiillv invited to attend the funernl to-morrow
(Tuesdav^ at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his ' mother, 6524 Natoma street, near
Eighth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHWABACHER-In Seattle, Wash.. March
10 IS9B Fred, dearly beloved son of Abraham
and Sarah Schwabacher, and brother of
Louis A. Schwabacher, Mrs. Charles W. I Ro-
senbaum and Mina A., Sam and Edgar
Schwabacher, aged 23 years 5 months and 2
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:11 o'clock, from the residence
of A Pchwabacher, northwest . corner - of
Jackson and Laguna streets. Interment Home
of Peace Cemetery, by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 2:45 o'clock.
Please omit flowers.
SWEENEY— In this city. March 13. 1398. Kate
A " dearly beloved daughter of John and
Mary Sweeney. 1 and sister of John, Peter,
Mamie, Annie. Margsrrite and Joseph
Sweeney, a native of San Francisco. ,
TURRELL— In Tacoma. March 8, 1898. Frances
Josephine, '; youngest daughter of Walter and
Josephine C. >Turrell, and ; granddaughter of
Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Such of Sin Francisco,
: aged 4 years and 11 months. ,:•-•''• i
TUNNEY— In the City, and County Hospital.
March 13. 1898. Michael Tunney, a native of
Ireland, aged .'7 years.
WAGNER— In this city. March 13, 183S, Arthur
John, -dearly beloved son of George and
Catherine Wagner, brother of Elmer . and
Clarence Wagner, and grandson of Mr. and
Mrs. John Wagner and. Mrs. C. Meyer,. a
native of San Francisco, aged 12 years 7
months and 17 days. -
| ; The Funeral will take . place this day
(Monday). at — o'clock. . from the residence
of his parents, 1216 Alabama street. . Inter-;
ment private. Cypress . Lawn Cemetery. .
WALL— In the City and ■; County ; Hospital.
• March " 13. 1898. ' Infant ' son of Lizzie Wail,
; a native of California, aged S days.
WOOPLEY— Portervllle, - March 8, 1898,
Frank Hughes, : eldest »on of Mr. and Mrs.
Frank ' E. Woodley, aged 3 ; years - and : •
months. ' ' . ■ - ■ * *"-
IMcAVOY & CALLAGHER™'™"|"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEBS I
.20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. I
_';'-<'' - Telephone South &0- * ' 'Jj*
— - ; ;H. b. m'avov. Manager. - ■  2
McAVOY & CO., 9
In. AND EMBALMKRB, I
mefw/o^v & go., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
1235 Market St., between Bth and ath. . '. ; | j
■ -Telephone, South 247. I
910
SHOT HIS
WIFE, THEN
HIMSELF
Broker Schuller Fired
Five Bullets at His
Spouse.
Three of Them Took
Effect and Will
Prove Fatal.
After the Rash Deed He Re
turned to His Office and
Killed Himself.
MONEY MATTERS CAUSE IT
Th« Two Had Quarreled for a Year,
but Had Made Up Just Beforo
th« Tragedy.
Domestic trouble of long standing
Culminated yesterday afternoon in a
double tragedy in which Andrew
Schuller, a mining broker, ended his
own life by sending a bullet through
his brain after firing rive shots at his
-wife, wounding her so seriously that
ehe cannot recover.
As near as can be learned the bone
of contention between the two was
ironey, and it was to collect an amount
Schulier had promised to pay her that
led the woman to his office in the top
Etory of the building at 420 California
street yesterday afternoon. Just what
occurred during the interview between
husband and wife is not known, but
the clearest account of the shooting is
given by J. C. Bunner, " who has an
office on the same floor of the building.
Mr. Bunner had just returned from a
business trip out of town and was
changing his shoes in his office when
he heard two pistol shots, followed by
a woman's screams. He rushed to the
door in his stocking feet and saw Mrs.
Schuller fall on the floor of the hall.
Schuller followed her and fired three
more shots at his wife, who was lying
between himself and Bunner, who was
running to the woman's assistance.
After emptying his revolver Schuller
ran ud to the prostrate woman and
started to beat her with the empty
gun. Bunner reached them and pushed
Schuller away, saying, "Schuller, don't
do that." The man seemed to be half
crazod and replied, "I am tired of hav
ing the hounding rae to death."
Bunner succeeded in forcing Schuller
away from his wife into his (Sohuller's)
office. As soon as she found herself
free from the attacks of her husband
Mrs. Schuller ran down stairs, and
meeting Officer Furlong told him she
had been shot.
In the meantime Bunner put on his
shoes and then went down stairs to let
the woman out, as he had locked the
door to the building when fc3 entered
and supposed she could not get out.
The woman had the keys, however, and
how she came to have them is not
known. The policeman, after callinc
another officer to take the wounded
woman to the hospital, went up stairs
with Bunner and found the door to
Schuller's office locked. . Bunner called
to the man to let him in, but the only
sound which came from the room was
a pistol shot and the noise of a falling
body. The officer broke open the door
and found Schuller lying on the floor
In front of his desk. He died very soon
after Bunner and the policeman en
tered the room and did not speak.
The weapon with which he did his
deadly work of a 38-caliber Colts army
6-Bhot revolver. On going to his office
Schuller had reloaded the gun and to
kill himself had placed it in his mouth.
At the Harbor Receiving Hospital Dr.
Zabala. dressed the woman's wounds,
and found them so dangerous, that he
thinks her recovery is an impossibility.
Three of t.he five bullets which were
fired at her took effect. One, which
was evidently one of the two fired
•while she Was in her husband's office,
struck her in the left breast, ranged
down and inward, piercing the lung.
Another entered the back under the lefi
shoulder blade, and tore its way through
the body, penetrating the right lung.
The other bullet struck her in the small
of the back, and cut the spinal chord.
No sooner had Dr. Zabala dressed the
woman's wounds than she appeared to
suffer from a sinking spell, and it was
thought that she would die in a few
moments, but she rallied after a short
while, and while her voice was so weak
in the words that she tried to utter
that it was with difficulty that what
she said could be understood, still she
persisted in trying to talk. She spoke
rationally enough, but appeared unable
to remember names or to state concise-
ly w£at she desired.
As she lay upon the cot she held her
rosary In her hands, and with a nerv
ous motion of the fingers told off her
prayers. Occasionally she would gasp
for breath, as the blood in her throat
choked her. Her countenance was pal
lid, huge beads of cold perspiration
stood out upon her forehead, while the
glazing of the upturned eyeballs and
the nervous death picking at the bed
coverlet told that the span of her life
had nearly run its course.
At first she did not want to answer
the questions that were asked her, but
gentle pereuasion finally evoked from
the dying woman the following state
ment:
"For several years I have b<sen most
unhappy on account of my husband.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Doctors now agree that
consumption is curable.
Three things, if taken to-
gether, will cure nearly every
case in the first stages; the
majority of cases more ad-
vanced; and a few of those
far advanced.
The first is, fresh air; the se-
cond, proper food ; the third,
Scott's Emulsion of cod-liver
oil with hypophosphites.*
To be cured, you must not
lose in weight, and, if thin,
you must gain. Nothing
equals Scot?s Emulsion to
keep you in good flesh.
9 oc.m&suco,jU4m*&u.
He was such a liar, and he deceived me
so often that I am glad to die. I am
not afraid to die, but if I should recov
er I will go in a convent if there Is
any that will receive me. My husband
owed me $600. He had been promising
to pay it to me for a long time, but had
never done so. Yesterday he told me
thatvif I came to his office he would
pay me, so I went. He said that he
was going to be good to me and give
me back my money, and that is the
reason that I went to his office.
"I do not know why he should have
shot me, but I forgive him. As I lie
upon this bed, knowing that my end
is but a matter of a few hours, I re
peat that I forgive him. My husband
borrowed the money of me, and that
was the beginning of our trouble, as he
promised to pay me back, and never
did."
Mrs Schuller, in referring to her first
husband, spoke in the most endearing
terms of him and also of her daughter,
whom she said that she had given to
God She declared that her husband
had 'a son. Norman Schuller, who was
in San Quentin for forgery, and that he
also had a sister, Mrs. Cool, who was
now living in Tucson. Arizona.
Occasionally the dying woman would
ask those about her if there was any
chance of her recovering. She repeater
the assertion that she was not afraid >-'
death, but with all the desperation o
human hope, clinging tenaciously t<
the slightest chance for further earth! ;
existence, she endeavored to read In
the stoical faces of those about her
some message of human sympathy that #
might fortify her in her awful struggle
in the dark valley of the shadow of
death into which she had been so sud
denly hurled.
The husband and wife took dinner
together last night with Mrs. I* Ros
bell a sister of Mrs. Schuller, who lives
in Oakland. They left for this city
about 4 o'clock and both seemed to be
in good spirits so the relatives thought
they had patched up their differences.
Schuller had promised to pay his wife
$100 of the $600 he owed her and they
went to the office to arrange the mat
ter The quarrel which ended so
tragically probably arose over the dif
ferent opinions the couple had in re
gard to the payment of this money.
Mrs Schuller has been married three
times and none of her matrimonial ven
tures have proved very happy. Her
first husband was a Frenchman named
Champagne, and the union between the
two was dissolved by divorce. In 1592
she married Eugene C. Owles who
committed suicide, leaving Mrs. Schul
ler a considerable sum of money.
Schuller succeeded in winning her in
1894 and immediately borrowed from
her all of the money left her by Owies,
and from that time the trouble began.
Friends of the dead man think he was
the innocent and abused husband while
the wife was the one to blame for a! I
the infelicity In the family, but the
chances are that both were equally
blamable for the unhappy state of af
fairs. About three months ago Schuller
went to Portland on business and dur
ing his absence his wife went to th*
office, loaded all the furniture into an
express wagon and sold it. For this
loving act her husband issued orders
that she should not be allowed in the
building and since that time no- one
connected with the place has seen her
around the office until yesterday.
A year ago last Christmas Mrs.
Schuller. who had not been receiving
any pecuniary assistance from her hus
band waited in front of the residence
of his daughter on Octavia street till
he came out after enjoying his Christ
mas dinner. She went up to him and
asked him for money to celebrate the
day fittingly. He gruffly told her that
she could not get any money from him,
and in her desperation she grabbed
hold of his hat and told him unless he
gave her some money she would keep
the hat. She walked away with the
hat and Schuller called a policeman
and had her arrested for threats against
life.
The case was called in Judge Low's
court, when the story of the domestic
troubles of the pair was fully ventil
ated. Schuller claimed that his wife
was insane and wanted her sent before
the Insanity Commissioners. She told
the court that he had not been sup
porting her for some time and wanted
her put out of the way; that he was
living in luxury while she was depend
ent upon strangers to keep her from
starving. As there was nothing to show
that she made any threats against the
old man the case was dismissed. It
was remarked at the time that the
probability was, as an upshot of the
domestic troubles of the pair, she would
kill him.
The lady has not a very enviable rep
utation in other ways than that of
making her husband's life one not en
tirely filled with happiness. About a
year ago a house that Mrs. Schuller
owned in the Western Addition burned
under very suspicious circumstances.
The insurance was rather large for the
value of the property, and Fire Mar
shal Charles Towe, thinking the fire
incendiary, had Mrs. Schuller arrested
on the charge of arson, but owing to
insufficient evidence she was acquitted.
€t was firmly believed, however, that
she was guilty of the crime, though it
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, MONDAY, MARCH 14, 1898.
WHO FEARS TO
SPEAK OF `98 ?
St. Patrick's Day Conven
tion Was Full of
Enthusiasm.
AH Arrangements for Thurs
day's Celebration Have
Been Completed.
Everything Points to a Grand Suc
cess on That Eventful
Day.
r
Irish enthusiasm and patriotism bub
bled and sparkled in every action of the
St. Patrick's Day Convention, which was
held yesterday afternoon in the hall of
the Knights of the Red Branch. Over
thirty of the local Irish societies were
represented by delegates, and the conven
tion, which was held for the purpose of
making all the final preparations for the
colebration of St. Patrick's day. was the
largest that has ever been held by the
sons of the Emerald Isle in the history of
■s city. There was a unanimity oi ac-
THE END OF DOMESTIC INFELICITY.
tion upon the part of the convention that
clearly showed that upon assuring the
success of St. Patrick's day the Irish or
ganizations of San Francisco are a unit.
President Frank Conklin presided, and
after the transaction of the usual opening
routine business, the report from the
committee appointed to request the Board
of Education to allow the Irish school
children to be absent from their schools
upon Thursday without loss of time, re
ported, that the board had willingly grant
ed the desired leave of absence for that
day. The convention returned a vote of
thanks to the board.
The executive committee reported that
everything was in readiness for the cele
bration upon Thursday, and that about
30,000 programmes of the exercises for the
day had been distributed yesterday morn
ing from the various Catholic churches
throughout the city. Vice - President
Deasy called attention to the noble work
that was being done by the auxiliary so
ciety of the ladies, who were laboring t<>
make the celebration in honor of the pat
ron saint of Ireland a success. He declar
ed that they were doing a noble work in
helping to raise funds for the Wolf Ton<-
Monument Association. When a little
later, T. R. Banni-rman announced that
the ladies' auxiliary was also in session at
rlibernia Hall, where they were formulat
ng their plans, George J. Gallagher
.noved that they be invited to be the
guests of the convention on Thursday,
and the motion was unanimously carried.
The decision of the executive committee
in placing the price of reserved seats at
50 cents provoked quite a discussion upon
the part of P. J. Kelleher and Jeremiah
Mahoney, who thought there should be
only one price of admission, and that a
quarter. The sense of the convention was
that the committee had acted wisely and
their decision was sustained.
The various memorial committees ap
pointed to prepare resolutions of respect
to the memories of Dr. M. C. O'Toole, J.
J. O'Brien and James E. Kenny pre
sented their resolutions, which were read
and adopted by a rising vote. It was de
cided that the convention -'• should meet
again next Sunday, and to-morrow night
there will be a - rehearsal .at 120 Ninth
street of the grand chorus that will sing
at "Woodward's Pavilion. ■>, ;
The ' convention t had its . picture ! taken
and ■'■ was j also entertained by - Professor
McCarthy, • who rendered several • ■ Beleo
tions jjgpja tin jplffr A jp.oat
able address was delivered by R. Berry
upon the Irish as a race. He spoke of
their patriotism, their valor and their
fidelity to the cause of liberty.
Bannerman spoke warmly against the
way that the Irish were held up to ridi
cule upon the stage and he said tnat it
was the duty of every Irishman to show
his disapproval of such. There were a
number of pleasing incidents that
marked the session of the convention and
served to lend a spirit to the proceedings.
MOBE PESTHOUSE PBOTESTS.
Bichmond District Besidents Against
the Almshouse Tract Site.
The executive committee of the Sunset
District Improvement Club has on the di
rection of the organization and on behalf
of the residents of the Richmond district
forwarded to the Board of Supervisors
one of the strongest protests against the
establishment of the Pesthouse in the
Almshouse tract that has ever reached
the city's officers. Attention is directed
to the fact that if the undesired hospital
is placed on the land in Question in close
proximity to Laguna Honda, from which
the Spring Valley Water Company gets
its water for the Western Addition, germs
of disease will be carried into the city
with results that can only be surmised.
The place selected for the site is at a
much higher altitude than the lake, and
the sewerage will surely run into the
Cl It ?s further extended that the germs
of disease will be blown over the entire
city by the westerly winds that prevail
during the summer and most of the win
ter. The Sunset people state that if the
Pesthouse is located on this peninsula at
all it should be In some quiet spot on the
bay shore, as near the county line a
possible. This would permit the germs
of disease to be blown out over and into
the waters of the bay. In conclusion the
petitioners say: "It is in your power as
Supervisors to prevent this and perhaps
save life by the expenditure of very little
money for a site on the sh ores °f thebay
in the southeast corner of San Franc! sco
County, a location where no harm could
come to anybody."
ROBBED OF HIS STUD.
James Becker Loses His Diamond at
the Masquerade Ball.
James Becker, who says he lives in
Stockton, mourns the loss of a valuable
diamond stud, which was stolen from
him while attending the masquerade ball
at the pavilion Saturday night.
Becker met a woman whom he had
known several years ago, and at her re-
quest he took her to the ball. After buy
ing her several bottles of wine he sug
gested that they join the merry throng
of dancers. She consented and while they
were engaged in the mazes of a waltz he
claims his female companion deftly re
lieved him of his diamond. After missing
the stone he at once summoned Sergeant
Blank and Informed him of his loss.
Blank took the woman to the City Prison,
where she was thoroughly searched by
the matron. The diamond was not found
on her, and as Becker did not care to
swear to a complaint against her she was
relased. Becker valued the stud at $350.
The police are investigating a mysteri
ous robbery In a room in the Russ House.
The room is occupied by a woman named
Mrs. Scovy. Last evening a young wo
man called to give her daughter piano
lessons, and after she left Mrs. Seovy dis
covered that several of her rings, which
she valued very highly, and some dress
material were missing. She at once vis
ited police headquarters and Detectives
Bee and aHrper were sent to make an In
vestigation. They secured a description
of the stolen articles and to-day they will
endeavor to catch the thief.
NEWSPAPEB THIEVES.
A reward of $10 will be paid for
the arrest and conviction of any per
son caught stealing copies of this
paper.
To Cure Headache in 15 Minutes.
pr.DftvtJi 1 Aatt-ELeftdacJw. All Prugglatfgj
BUT FOR
SPANISH
PRIVATEERS
Klondike Gold and
Coast Produce
Tempting.
This Country and Spain
Alone Tolerate the
Old Custom.
Other Nations Abolished the
System Forty Years
Ago.
A RELIC OF BARBARISM.
It Would Encourage Great Risks
and Result in Much
Cruelty.
Spain did not sigrn the
treaty of* Paris in 1866
regarding the capture of
merchant 'vessels. She
therefore has the right to
strike a terrible Mow at
American commerce, as
she has ninety-six mer
chant ships. — Extract from tel
egraphic interview with Senor Mendez
de Vigo, Spanish Embassador at
B erlin.
There has been a great deal of specu
lation in local commercial circles for
several days fes to the probable effect of
a war between Spain and the United
States on the commerce of the Pacific
Coast. The foregoing declaration re
news Interest In the question.
This is a question of great Import
ance, owing to the fact that Spain and
the United States are the only great
maritime nations aside from Mexico
that refused to sign what Is known in
International law as the declaration of
Paris, a treaty that abolishes pri
vateering and regulates maritime war.
This was promulgated in 1856.
The chief declaration of this famous
treaty is in the following brief and di
rect words: "Privateering is and re
mains abolished." All the European
powers except Spain acceded to the
treaty and the United States gave a
negative reply through Secretary of
State Marcy, for the reason that the
punishment of privateering, it was
thought, would be a gain to nations
which keep on foot a large naval force,
but not to the i United States, where a
powerful navy was not at that time
maintained, because of the belief that
it would be a danger to civil liberty as
well as a great and useless cost. It
was thought that the chief reliance of
the United States would have to be on
privateers in the event of a war with a
powerful nation.
The declaration of Paris is therefore
not binding on the two nations that
now talk of war, and th re is little
doubt that the beginning of hostilities
would be a signal for the granting of
letters of marque and reprisal by both
belligerents, in which event the Span
ish merchant marine might inflict a
great deal of damage on the commerce
of this coast as well as on that of the
country in general.
Such warfare is necessarily very fe
rocious, the motive being plunder and
the manner of conducting it largely the
same as characterized piracy in the old
days of robbery on the high seas and
plunder by conquest on the land.
Woolsey and other great writers on
international law have repeatedly
pointed to the fact that the motives
that actuate the privateersman are such
as overthrow all feelings of honor and
highmindedness, for which reason acts
of forbearance and heroism are rare,
while the cruel methods of buccaneers
prevail to the subversion of the hu
mane methods of civilized warfare.
The chief characteristic of a letter of
marque is that it grants the private
citizens who plunder the enemy's prop
erty the prizes captured as his reward,
and insures him honorable treatment
as an enemy rather than execution as
a pirate in the event of capture.
It is said that Spain has more than
ninety well armed merchant vessels
that might be advantageously used for
plundering American commerce in the
event of the breaking out of hostilities.
As there will probably be a large
shipment of American gold from
Alaska this year, which sum is esti
mated all the way from forty to sixty
millions. it is thought that Arctic
waters and the North Pacific might be
a tempting area of the sea for the am
bitious Spanish privateer. Armed with
a license from his sovereign and fired
with the ambition for Klondike gold he
could extract it from American owners
by processes much warmer than thaw
ing It from the soil of the boreal Arctic.
There are many millions to be cap
tured along this coast from vessels do
ing the ordinary commercial business
of the country. Records at the Mer
chants' ' Exchange, \ for ;-. example, show
that ■:; 350,000 ? sacks "- of i flour arrived If at
this port in January. That would have
been a tempting - catch ) for a few I pri
vateers. ■ They would enjoy making the
American crew carry their prize £to
Spain, " where the captured sailor?
r would $c hejia.,aja j>riaoneTß.- ; ; gutips the,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Novelty
Dress
Fabrics!
We are now showing the very latest NOVEL-
TIES in FRENCH DRESS FABRICS and HIGH
NOVELTIES for Spring, 1898.
We call particular attention to the following
four lines of HIGH NOVELTY DRESS PATTERNS
which we have placed on sale this week.
NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON o|o fjn
DRESS PATTERNS OIZiUU Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH POPLIN- QQ ftn
ETTE DRESS PATTERNS. QdiUU Pattern
NOVELTY FRENCH PIREOLA 010 fin
DRESS PATTERNS OIIiUU Pattern
FRENCH WOOL POPLIN DRESS O|fl Cfl
PATTERNS OIUiJU Pattern
The above are in the very newest color-
Ings, also in black.
JUST RECEIVED™
4 cases GENUINE ENGLISH MOREENS,
*• in twenty different shades, also black.
PRICE, 50c YARD.
111. 113, 115, 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
same month they might have captured ■
a couple of million centals of golden
wheat, much to the encouragement of
methods frowned upon by the declara- j
tlon at Paris. Of wool, barley and many j
other products they would have been
able to secure more than enough to re
pay them for the risks. A few million
cans of salmon from the Columbia Riv
er country and a few more millions
from Alaska would flavor the Spanish
tooth in a fine way.
It is Interesting to notice the rich har
vest that privateers might reap in wa
ters adjacent to this city, as revealed
by a casual glance at the receipts of
produce at San Francsico. In 1897
the receipts were as follows: Flour, 5,
840 683 quarter barrels; wheat, 10,851,287 J
centals; barley, 5,081,697 centals; oats.
545 848 centals; beans, 588,138 sacks;
corn, 342.537 centals; wool, 89,439 bales.
The foregoing is only one side of the
shield, for the clearances from San
Francisco show a richer possibility than
the receipts. Nearly 11,000,000 centals of
wheat were shipped to various parts of
the world last year, a third as much
barley and more than 1,000,000 barrels of
flour. These shipments, had there been
war, might have been seized by pri
vateers in the waters of many coun
tries, such as those adjacent to all parts
of the United Kingdom, Africa, Aus
tralia, China, South America, India, Ja
pan and the islands of the sea.
Another great item is the dried and
canned fruit crop. In 1896 the shipment
of California fruits alone amounted to
several hundred millions of pounds.
The wine crop is large enough to make
all the Spanish privateers drunk for a
year, and there is scarcely a field of in- j
dustry that does not offer them a rich j
legacy If they exploit their opportuni
ties with guns of sufficient caliber.
LIVE BIBDS THEIB TARGET.
Olympic Gun Club Holds Its Regular
Monthly Pigeon Shoot in a
Strong Wind.
Despite a strong wind the scores made
in yesterday's live-pigeon shoot of the
Olympic Gun Club were above the aver
age. Fast birds made the sport lively and
interesting.
The following scores were made: O.
Feudner, 10; Nauman, 9; Webb, 10;
Haight, 12; W. J. Golcher, 10; H. C. Gol
cher, 11; Slade, 7; Wagner, 12; F. Feud
ner, 8; F. Vernon, 11; White, 7; Murdoch,
11; Owens, 7; Neustadter, 9; Schultz, 6;
Green, 8; Hart, 7; Briggs, 8; Rossini, 4;
Walkerson, 2; Maskey, 10; Huie, 11; H.
Vernon, 9.
After the regular match two six-bird
matches were shot off. In the first match
Feudner, W. J. Golcher and Haight killed
six straight and tied, dividing the money.
In the second Nauman and AY. J. Gol
cher tied with etx straight birds and di
vided the money. Ttie scores were ai
follows: First match— O. Feudner, 6;
Nauman, 5; Haight, 6; W. J. Golcher, 6;
Wagner, 3; F. Vernon, 5; Green, 3; Ros
sini, 3; H. Vernon, 5. Second match— O.
Feudner, 5; Nauman, 6; Haight, 5; W. J.
Golcher. 6; Wagner. 5: F. Vernon, 5;
Neustadter. 4; Green, 4; Rossini, 5; H.
Vernon, 5; Murphy. ■">.
It being the Intention of J. F. Kennedy, »uo
•easor to Morris & Kennedy, art dealers, 21
Post street, to retire from business, he offers
his large stock Irrespective of cost. •
« ♦ »
Jumped in the Bay.
An old man, giving his nanae as Jacob
Johnson and his residence 37 Mission
street, while suffering from the effects of
in overindulgence in liquor last night,
umped into the bay at the foot of Fourth
-:reet. He was rescued by a boatman
md subsequently removed to the Receiv
ng Hospital. Johnson denied that
'ie tried to commit suicide, but refused to
ay why he jumped Into the water.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
9 BOWEN
SCO. r
Merit always ' wins . the •]
highest prize whether in art, , •
science or trade • • ■••:., ; . '
Right goods and service ;
win permanent customers
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Claret 35c
regularly 50c gallon . j "'. ' -;
Bacon— *■•"'•'•-• v : 16c
regularly 18c lb . ... . •';.-.
First-class — young pigs corn
.fattened .. " " : v .
Canned fruits— «*<»©• " 15c
regularly 20c tin- :• .*•  ,'■"•- -.
Next to the highest priced' fruits '. :
Canned at the orchard* ;.•.."■■..•••.• .
Oysters— oiioipe i2^c and 20c .
regularly 15c and 25c tin '% ■ V"- "' :■■■ -.
They have, the fresh oyster flavor '■'■■' _•
Ginger ale— coohrane * : % : $X'3S:.
regularly $I.so— lmported . ■'■'/■ '■;■ ■/•
Alkethrepta '■."". ";• ••:/ 2OC. : "
regularly 25c tin %lb • •: :.'.",•: .'.",• - ; '
Chocolate value condensed •' : : ''':'■ '
Puree de foie gras / 20c V
regularly 25c tin • •• . •' :
French sandwich meat flavored ' : ' •' ■
- with truffle ', ' • .'. "• ' .;"
Hickory nuts : 4 lhs 25c :
regularly 10c lb ' •. . • \ •' • w
Old fashioned shell barks ..••••■ '■; _'■ • ™
Hamamelis (Brtn«t»fwitAiwi) ; ; ;.:";". .
heals hurts % pint ptot : Quart ' •
soothes bruises re 2^C " AOC
Reduces inflammation ',•"•■•■•.""•'
men like it on their faces after. . ..■;. •
shaving "..' • '.-. '■:
Lime water «»*** 20c £}& 35c. ' °
.': regularly 30c and 50c •• ';• •
Keeps milk and stomachs sweet • =', .
—aids digestion — pearly : ; -
teeth — for babies. . "
Finnan haddies- *»•* 123 C
regularly 15c lb
A; nice change for breakfait
Mackerel — »o*«7 $2.50
Heads and tails off
Pepper grinders ' 25c
regularly — walnut finish—
for grinding pepper at tabl« :•.;.-;£
Bath perfume <3 i»g«50«) 20c
; regularly 25c— French bran bag
Softens the makes the bath
delightful
Extracts — Crown Perfumery
Co - 75c
• white rose white heliotrope »
jockey club P©au d'Espagrne
essence bouquet English roses
regularly $1 1% ounce bottla
Salt and pepper shaker ioc
.■ The two In one glass— combination
4SJ Pine SIS Butter 2SOO California San Fraootaoo
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
Baja California • ff
DAMIANA BITTERS '
Is . a powerful ±: (Mirutuiaiau ' and ' m«scitlo - lunlo
for i the sexual ': and urinary orgaaa :el both .
aexea. and a sreat remedy tor : dis^&aea of tn« .
Kidneys and bladder, A Bruit Keawrattve,
lnvlgorator and • NorvJue, - ttellP on it* own
Sterna; do long-winded tegMmontata nwHiaqr.